I'm on my own, drink like a chocolat
Call a party, follow in the heart
Down to green
I'm on a plane, I'll be by my feet
It's how I'm wise
I tell maybe you should
Take a chance, put me down to death
We're looking for a girl who wants more
Who likes more two girls, two boys
Like they're girls, two girls like that boy
I should be the one you really are
I should be in love like you will
I should be in love like you will
And I think let's go
To a new dimension
And we have a thing we can choose
Go to one voice, you're like boys
And we go to two boys
Like bad girls and two girls
Like bad boys
Oh, I should see someone you really like
Go to one voice, you're like boys
You go to two boys like that, go to two girls like that, boy
Oh, I should be the one you really like
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air, tonight is episode number 141 on tonight's program.
What happened at my adventures to my first video game premiere party?
Should be fun.
Also, tons of video game news tonight in the Bawani world.
DDR Extreme 2, DDR UltraMix 3, all the proverbial shit is hitting the fan in the Bomani world
because E3 is just a week away, so it's time to start gossiping. Of course, all your other
favorite segments as well, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, Cage Match, etcetera, etcetera.
Special guests and Skypline and more tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI Sound Format.
Oh
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 141 for this May the 8th of 2005. You're tuned
in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio the gamers really want and this is Orange Lounge Radio
Live. You're home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the gamer
community and the pop culture world. We're plugged in and fully interactive through our
website at www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm. Say hello to Miss Jamie Summers. You know her better as Dark Sakura. I wouldn't
say I'm the happiest bunny on the farm today, but I'm pretty damn happy. You're kind of
a... I'm the most carnivorous bunny on the farm. Alright, fair enough. I've been eating
nothing meat all day and I feel violent. You're not going to hurt anything during this show
are you? No, I'll wait until after the show. You wouldn't hurt a ferret would you? Give
me a ferret. Hey baby. Also joining us, say hello to the one, the only Loki. Also remember
it's the most motherly read. I was going to get there, I was going to get there. Hey,
just saying. I did that stuff yesterday because I don't want to interfere with today, my sleeping
and going to fries and whatnot just take a moment to thank the womb where you were cooked so
okay you don't have to think about it that way if you don't want anyway also joining us tonight
we have some special guests say hello to somebody who was at the show i don't know a couple months
ago but he's back tonight say hello to i don't know how to introduce you uh toady pirate power
i don't know what he would call you you could call me i guess go by toady because that's what
That's what I'm on on like all 70,000 forums I'm on.
All right.
All right, Tody.
How are you?
Okay.
I think I'm getting sick.
Everybody I know is sick.
Get the hell away from me.
I'm a good four feet, so I think we're good.
I know.
We're in the new studio now, though, so it's awesome.
I could reach out and hug everyone right now in this new studio.
You can check out the new webcam over at www.orangeweld.com.
Of course, the only person you can see is me right now, but we'll try to get it around.
So say hello to, and there's a reason you're here tonight, and we're going to talk about
that when we get into the show.
We like having you here for no reason in particular, but tonight you have a very specific reason
for being here.
Okay.
I'll try not to let you down.
All right.
And also joining us tonight, say hello to Bug.
Hello.
And how are you, sir?
I'm doing great.
I'm trying to make computers work.
Our resident tech geek, Bug, because then when you get Tech Guru, Loki, and Tech Geek
bugged in the same room it's just
i don't know it's assault
and i think we'll collect in twenty at twenty degrees of dork in here right now
anyway i have
all sorts of interesting things we're gonna talk about tonight show
i got to check out that in the group premiere party
so i'd definitely want to talk about that and of course the reason toady fear
you into it too
unfortunately dark soccer and look you are unable to make it so so many people
I might have to go to school.
of people there that want to say hi to you, www.orangelouder.com. Thanks to the same sources
last year, apparently Konami just doesn't learn. We'll see, we'll talk about all that.
If you have a big question mark about that, we're going to talk about that when we come
back. Starting this break, I figured since we're going to be talking about Extreme 2
at some point tonight, we should play some music from the first DDR Extreme that was
released in the US. So here's some music, and we'll be back after this with more Orange
Lounge Radio, see you then!
You know the vibration, action, fun
I say hey, hey, hey
What you got to say, what you got to say
I say one, two, three, four, five
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
It's got to forever, the raindrops blow and the wind is dancing
It would be a much better fight, with you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strong, ow, I need to see you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supplies fell through
You let me give me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel joy and made you smile
But now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be
Such a crazy affair, no
And who has time for tears?
Never thought I'd sit around
And unravel your love
This is who I am
There is so much that we should have done
I was into Cuba
Now I'm strong
Driving
Knowing it was you I keep on trying
Diving into you
Diving into you
Looking out a dirty old window Down below the cars in the city go rushing
I sit here alone and I wonder why
Friday night and everyone
I can feel the heat but it's soothing heading down
I search for the beat in this steady town
Downtown Leon without going
Downtown Leon without going
We're the kids in America
Everybody lives for the music, alright
We're the kids! We're the kids! We're the kids of America!
Hi, we're back with Orange Lounge Radio.
that break you heard some Kids in America before that Four Strings with Diving, Heather
You're Not Here, originally famous in Silent Hill 3, but then you got to dance to it. And
then Funk Boogie, all from DDR Extreme at USA. And of course, as I mentioned earlier,
big news, some site mentioned that DDR Extreme 2 is coming out and is going to make a big
debut at E3. We'll talk about that a little more later. First, I want to start off, of
course, with tonight's show, starting off how we start off every show with a little
bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, where we talk about our adventures through
the week, and you know, any, especially gaming experiences we love to hear about especially
too.
Starting off with the one and only, Dark Sakura.
My week has been interesting, I was, I've basically been in a lot of pain all week,
but most of it doped up on Vicodin, woohoo, and Flexerol, not woohoo for pain, but woohoo
for Vicodin.
Yeah, I've managed to go two days until today without taking any Vicodin, and then I started
to hurt really bad again, so I took some more.
But it was all just work, school crap.
I was going to go to the end of the group thing, and instead,
so that I can get out of my final, which
is the first day of E3, I gave up
going to the end of the group thing
because my education is more important.
Listen to all of this.
Your education is more important than video games.
Ignorant people.
Well now, what if you're going to go to one of those schools
that you see in the G4 commercial that you know,
learn about how to play games for a living.
Games, games, games, games, games, games.
No comment.
OK.
But, um.
You know you want to say something.
I was just going to say, I saw one of those advertisements
the other day for beta testing.
They're all, you need to tighten up the graphics
at the end of level three.
It made beta testing look extremely fun.
No.
Anyway, Thursday though, I went to karaoke for a little bit, and then went to Rapture, which was basically goth industrial, and had a really good time.
I see a little bit of that reflected in your pre-show selections for this evening. It was a little bit angsty.
No.
I wouldn't say angsty, but more, it was tragic. Your playlist was tragic.
I had some Britpop in there.
A little bit, but it was tragic Britpop.
How is it tragic?
I'm just messing with you.
I don't see how Pat Shop Boys gets very tragic.
Well, yeah, they do have some kind of angsty stuff.
Because a guy whines when he sings.
Anyway, um, I've been in a good mood since then.
Except Friday, I heard back from the other guy's insurance company.
Well, that taxi cab company's insurance company.
Tried to call the stupid guy back because he left a message on my voicemail.
And this relates to your car accident from a few weeks ago, for those who missed it.
And he never called me back. He apparently never came back to his desk.
And I need the money, so if they flat out refuse to pay me, I'm suing them.
I've already talked about getting an accident attorney.
And you know me, I will rip them.
Coming soon to CORT TV.
Seriously. But no, I'm going to give them...
Take them on Judge Judy.
No.
See, I have this thing called a sense of pride.
Okay, how about Texas Justice?
Don't even go there.
Have you ever watched Texas Justice?
Is that where the loser gets hanged?
I think they play it just before cops.
And you can just tell what the target audience is for this power hour.
Anyway, sorry.
No. But I'm going to give them a fair opportunity. I'm going to get a copy of the police report.
There's no way they really can't pay me because he was fully at fault, you know, pulled out
in front of me when I had the right of way.
I wasn't on my cell phone and my headlights were on so there's nothing they can do.
But it doesn't help my hip and my back to feel any better.
You know, when you go to court, are you going to wear one of those giant, like, poofy neck
brace things?
No.
That when people are injured in accidents- I'll wear a hip harness.
Like whenever you see people on TV that were injured in a car accident, they always have
the neck harness it doesn't matter what they broke they could have broke their
ankle and they've got a giant neck harness you know I actually have one of
those but as from when I fell down you know a foot wall and landed on my back
ouch yeah they didn't give me Vicodin then they gave me codeine as I'd like I
was drunk for days but um but I had a lot of fun yesterday I completely went
off my diet and had fish and chips and then I had ice cream and then went to
hot topic I'm sorry instagoth to do some shopping
here's it's pretty good cider that's what was that stuff called that Apple
cider that was blackthorn dry cider that stuff was good and had Guinness too it's
like it doesn't matter what kind of day I have you put Guinness in front of me
and I'm instantly happy but that cider was good I'm gonna need to hunt some of
that down for home.
All right.
And today, I did my homework.
For my technical writing class, I have to write a tutorial.
And actually, the whole tutorial is not due for two weeks.
I have to review somebody else's tutorial,
but I'm just going to do everything at once.
But my tutorial is on how to make live journal
icons using PaintShop Pro 8.
Are you going to post that on the interweb for anybody
to see when it's done?
Sure, why not?
I'll have that.
I'm hopefully going to have it finished by the end of the week
up on the web. You can see my homework. And tomorrow I get to paint. I was supposed to
do it today, but eh. I went to bed at 4 a.m., sorry, 4.30 in the morning, and got up at
half past noon. So yeah. Sky done.
Alright. Let's move on to Loki. Loki, sir, how was your week? How was your day? Put down
the luminous. Hey, okay, okay. I'm getting further now that I actually have time to play.
No, my day was okay. I went to Fry's to buy a bunch of supplies for my printer, and we'll get into that stuff later.
Fry's rocks, but I mean, I try not to go there too much because I spend too much money.
And then I went to a movie this week. I went and saw Kingdom of Heaven, and that was Kingdom of Boring.
It looked like Kingdom of Boring from the trailer. I can't believe you actually went.
This was father-son time, so, you know, it went because he wanted to see the movie, so...
Did it have any true historical reference to it?
It did, um, apparently the fighting, everything but the fighting was accurate.
Okay, I have to see it.
Um, but, really, it's just like, it was like, I've never actually sat through a movie where I said,
Okay, is it over yet? Because it just kept going, and I really wanted to end, the battles were anticlimactic.
And I can sense that Ridley Scott was trying to make it climactic, but it was just a, look,
I'm filming a scene, but I'm shaking the camera a lot to make it look like something's happening,
you know?
It's just, no thanks.
If I wanted to watch that, you know, I'll go have someone shoot an amateur film of like
a Civil War reenactment or something like that, you know, it's just, really, I mean,
steadier shots.
It doesn't make like anything else that's happening, you know?
My friend won free passes to see the Kingdom of Heaven.
She actually entered an amateur strip contest, and that was part of the prize that she won.
Go figure.
Poor bastard.
Is that punishment or something?
I don't know.
It was like, you should know better than taking your clothes off in public.
You have to go see Kingdom of Heaven.
I think I want to see it though, just because I'm a big history nut.
She had those advanced screening passes, and she was like, I don't want to go.
So she tried to give them to me, and I was like, I don't want to go.
So she ended up leaving them on the table at the bar, and nobody took it the whole night.
It's kinda sad.
No, it's not sad.
The movie looked like crap.
Anyways, um, so then
this week I've been just doing more
work and stuff, lots of
sales crap. Apparently now they're gonna
be sending, they're gonna try to send
my other two co-workers to E3.
So they get
paid to go, and I don't.
Oh, that's fair.
I think they're gonna comp me in some
way if that's the case. And they're only gonna go for a day.
And when I say go to E3, I mean go to the meetings at E3.
Ooh, that's the fun part, you know, sitting in meetings.
You know, I would actually be interested in going to that sometime, just, you know, to see what it's all about.
I heard it's so boring.
Oh.
But anyways, anyways.
So then, what else?
Oh, I got a free game, another one, Area 51, and I have not played it.
...contemplating selling. Yes, Area 51's been remade again, but this time it's not a shooting game, it's a first-person shooter.
Oh, just what we need, another first-person shooting game. I'm so happy.
Oh, honestly, yeah. There's, like, so many goddamn first-person shooters out there, it's not even funny, but whatever.
So, yeah, that's pretty much all I've been doing, and just, you know, cleaning house and stuff.
Fun stuff. Oh, I got to play Final Fantasy online the other day.
day so it's finally finally been like having withdrawals very cool all right
addict my weekend my day was okay I was kind of busy this weekend because a
friend of mine was in town you know it's funny because we went to GameStop the
other night and he had like $100 worth of credit that he could turn in to buy
stuff he just had it lying around I don't I don't know how you just happen
to have $100 worth of credit just lying around.
Oh, look here.
But no, he didn't.
And he decided he wanted to get a PSP.
And I was like, if you're going to get a PSP,
you have to buy Luminous.
But I think he was kind of starting
to realize that when you get a PSP,
not only do you have to start buying the PSP,
then you've got to buy a memory stick,
then you've got to buy a game.
And it really starts to add up pretty quickly.
You're not going to throw down $250 when you first get a PSP.
You're going to end up throwing down more like $300 or $350.
So he decided he wanted to get Darkstalkers.
And lucky him, he actually found a used PSP.
Somebody had just traded it in that morning, so he ended up
getting one of those.
So lucky him.
And it appeared to be in great shape.
And it already had a memory stick in it that was like 200
something megs, so it was kind of nice.
That's not bad.
You know the 1 gigs are supposed to be out at GameStop.
It was like about the best one you can get.
So he got a really sweet deal on that.
But anyway, the point is that I was like, you
have to play Luminous.
But he was like, I don't really have the money.
So I'm like, OK, you know what?
I'm going to get a PSP eventually.
I'm just going to buy Luminous. So now I have a copy of Luminous with no system to play
it on because he took it home with him. So, oh well. I figure I'll get a PSP eventually.
I just have to wait for the E3 stuff to settle down. So we'll see what happens. Otherwise,
my week was just really busy with work. I'm looking forward to next week and E3 and everything
just so I can take my mind off my real job. Not that I dislike my real job because I love
my job, but I'm looking forward to playing with this job for a little while. It'll be
fun. And that's it. I'll talk about the rest of my week in a little bit. Let's talk to
Tody. What's up with your week in your day? Well, let's see. First of all, I was driving
around about half the day without my wallet. That was really fun because I didn't know
where the hell I left that. I thought it might have been in some Mexican restaurant in like
West Sacramento. So that kind of freaked me out. Oh, that place is good. Yeah. I didn't
really do anything for Mother's Day. I just kind of, like I said, got some Mexican food.
Only thing I've really been doing lately I actually started playing DDR again. I kind of quit like three months ago
Started playing in the groove, and I've been looking for a new job too because I quit my old in which I've had for like
four years
Because I used to be like a computer technician there
And then my new boss decided to switch the focus of my job from preparing computers to teaching science classes to children
So I was like hell with that. Yeah, and you love children, right?
Roseville Golf Land teaches you how to be a real good babysitter.
Oh yes, yes. I actually have a group of little kids down there that want to kick my ass.
It's really funny.
Children are fine with the proper preparation and sauces.
Yes.
Get some basil going on there.
Wait, wait, wait. You have kids?
I say kids. I think they're like 17 or 18, but they're like 5 feet tall.
Okay, okay.
I don't really know.
And they want to kick your ass?
Yes.
or something?
No.
Oh.
I don't know if it's because, like, the Sacramento area is, like, so anti-bar rape or not, and
you know, and I'm, like, the biggest bar rapist in the entire area, but it...
Big enough to be on a registry?
I think so.
I think I could get on, like, maybe as law for bar rapists.
Bugs, I know you're not too familiar with the DDR lingo, but when he says bar rapist,
he doesn't mean that he, like, goes into bars and rapes people.
Yeah.
He's talking about DDR.
Yeah.
Like, you hold onto the bar.
Ah, look. At least not that you know about anyway. Keep it that way. But that's about it for me.
Alright. Bugged. How was your week? How was your day?
I got to deal with Pepsi corporate office on Wednesday.
Very nice.
Yeah, they came out for a physical inventory. My boss never showed. The owner of the company never showed.
They were more pissed that they didn't show them. We were like 400 cases off, which is 0.0015% deviance.
400 cases? How many sodas are in a case?
There's 12 cans per case.
Oh, that's not too bad, I guess. But still, wow.
Out of 272,000, 400 ain't crap.
But we ended up going up to Yuba City, In-N-Out, and the Rusty Duck. That is good food.
What the hell is the Rusty Duck?
kind of like a hunting lodge for rich weirdos. Or, well, it seems like a hunting lodge for
rich weirdos, but it's got really good food.
Wow. Okay.
And that was pretty much it. I wore my fugitive t-shirt yesterday or Friday, whatever the
hell that day was, to give my boss the bad news that says fugitive, you never saw me.
So dropped the paperwork off and ran the fuck home.
amazing what kind of what would affect shirts can have on people's reactions to
you I didn't tell him what it was all about it here's the paperwork and walked
right on out and took off for home I'm thinking of a completely different
circumstance but I'm kind of glad you got me think about this because I want
to bring this up at some point I actually changed my picture on myspace
lately to one of the pictures from the life is 65 Awards and I didn't post the
life is 65 Awards on orange laundry calm I really need to do that I post them on
my own journal so anybody that knows about that can know where to find that
but I changed one of my pictures on Myspace to actually one of the pictures
of the live 365 awards where I'm wearing one of those shirts that says tough guys
wear pink and this one you know it's this typical hot topic shirt and um I
swear to God like the day after I changed my picture the next day I logged
on and like 15 girls had all sent me a friend request and none of them were
over 18. Lucky bastard. You like him young, huh? Damn right. If I wanted to be like a,
you know, pedophilia act or whatever they call them, child molester, MySpace would be
heaven. It's great. Honestly, seriously, so if that's what you're into as underage girls,
just dress metrosexual and sign up for a MySpace. I got it covered. How many friend
requests, you've got the metrosexual thing down, how many friend requests from little
What girls do you get on MySpace?
Well, see, everybody lies about their age, so you can't tell.
So if they're 19, 16, you just take off three years every single time.
About three years is the rule?
Yeah.
All right.
I don't lie on my age, but...
I don't either, but...
I mean, I just think it's funny, but I actually accepted all their frame requests,
because then they all leave me comments going,
oh, thanks for adding me, ah.
And I'm like, oh, that makes my ego feel good.
Yeah, I'm a MySpace friends whore.
I'll just add random people.
I don't know who they are. I don't really care either. I'm not actually on there to
meet people, you know?
My sister on MySpace has a thousand friends. One thousand friends.
Damn.
I'm like, how do you know that many people?
Yeah.
Like, I doubt I could think of a thousand people. So obviously she just randomly adds
people.
Yeah.
She has a lot of bands, too.
Oh, okay.
But you know what's cool about MySpace is that you can have bands on your friends page
so you can be all like, yeah, I'm friends with Garbage because Garbage has a MySpace
and...
Oh, yes.
Freeze Pop has a thing on MySpace.
Mr. T on mine.
fights or something. Nice. And the other one's like a skateboarding video and then some death rock song.
MySpace is where the internet goes to die. It really is, but
sometimes you just want to feel
cheap. Yeah. I don't know what the allure of MySpace is, because really... Everybody has
one. It's an ugly site. There's no point to MySpace,
really, but yet I feel strangely attracted
to it. It's like the Fox Network. I don't... That was low.
I don't know how to explain it.
Speaking of Fox Network, family guy in an hour?
Don't tell people that, because then they'll turn this show off to go listen to it.
That's why there's TiVo.
That's why, yeah, that's why you have TiVo and why you have BitTorrent.
Just out of curiosity, does your sister have this really suggestive picture or anything up there?
She used to, I think, but I don't think she does now.
Okay, could you write down her-
Dude, you even have my sister?
Yeah, could you write-
Dude!
Kidding, kidding, kidding.
Not cold.
I don't know if my girlfriend's listening or not.
My bad.
Anyway, so, MySpace, yeah. End of story. Enough said.
Notice how Orange Lounge does not have a community on MySpace.
We have a community on just about every other website out there, but we do not have one on MySpace.
Although, I think Jamie had hinted about starting one.
I'm planning on doing it, since I actually have some free time to do that.
Now, I'm surprised that you're on MySpace, aren't you?
I joined it for some Gorillaz thing.
Yeah, but have you actually looked at some of the other people's profiles on there?
Let me send you my sister's page.
But, you know what, I barely look at it only when I remember to.
Do you remember when everybody had a GeoCities page?
Oh!
I still have a GeoCities page.
They finally deleted mine three months ago.
GeoCities, when everybody, you know, the rest of us that had real websites
always called it GeoShitties.
But GeoCities, man, hosted some ugly ass websites.
I mean, seriously. And it would be like, you know, page dedicated to Britney Spears and it has like the MIDI file embedded in the page.
No, let's see. Hey, you guys should see if my page is still up. It's www.geocities.com slash, um, nightmare underscore hunter. And then, uh, see if that-
Do you have MIDI files embedded in your page?
No, but I had a page dedicated to stupid people and how I hated them.
Oh, now I have to look.
I had stories. Geocities.com. My friend on the East Coast just recently made a page dedicated
to her new car. This is Geocities for you. She actually made the font color match her
car. Anyway, so it's Nightmare underscore Hunter? Yeah. Let me see if I can find it.
I know this is great radio. I don't even know if it's still up anymore. I used to have a
Lemmings page too. Yep, there it is. Oh my god, it's really there. Wow. Oh, this is great.
Last update. September 26th, 01. Added DDR page. Let's see what links he has on the DDR
page. I had sim files at the time. You have a Club Tropicana DWI. And a Quake 2 theme,
DWI. And then this is great, and you see this shit on GeoCities pages all the time. Links
to BMS files. Nothing under it. That's because I erased them. Where's the stupid people page?
Encounters with stupid people. Let's see. Warning, the following are actual encounters
with actual stupid people. August 25th, Saturday. Location, Roosevelt Galleria Electronics
Boutique. Case name, stupid clerk. It was Saturday in the late afternoon. I'd never
been to the Galleria before, so I thought, what the hell?
I was looking for a Dex drive for my PlayStation so that I could upload my PlayStation saves
to this site.
Anyways, I found this third-party device called the MP Exchanger.
So I walk up to the counter to pay, and I was greeted with stupidity.
Here's an approximate dialogue of the conversation.
Clerk, so you find everything all right?
Looks down at my purchase.
Me, yeah.
Clerk, man, I was waiting for this thing to sell.
I have no idea why anyone would need this for.
I have no idea how it works or if it works.
Me, it copies game saves to your PC off a memory card.
Clerk, OK, would you like to buy insurance
in case you break it within a year?
No.
Clerk, giggles, OK, that'll be $5,000.
Giggles, me, looks at the cash register display,
then hands the more on the correct amount of money, $29.95.
Clerk, hands me the receipt.
Let me know if that thing works.
me walking out of the store. WHATEVER. How old were you when you wrote this? 21 probably?
Yeah. WHATEVER. I don't think I actually went like that, but you know. Well that's what
you put in, WHATEVER. Moral of the story, and by the way, moral is M-O-R-A-L-E. Okay,
I was, you know, I don't care. Morale? No wait, no I'm kidding, nevermind, I'm thinking
something else. When you see it in all fables, it's always morale of the story. I swear to
God, that's what you see. No. I swear, like I had books and that's what it said. Never
mind, forget it. Moral of the story, when dealing with the I think I'm funny clerk type,
it's best to just ignore any attempt they make to make you laugh. Failure to do so will
only prolong the torture. That's wonderful advice. The more you know. Okay, anyway, the
other one on there is some stupid guy at Burger King or like McDonald's or something. Well,
If you want to check that out, you can visit his old website there. It's fucking great.
Anyway, it sucks. I want to see what other sites you have linked on here. I want to see
what the cool sites were to visit back in 2001. Oh, you don't have a links page. Everybody
had a links page. I didn't have a links page. You have a who am I. Your birth date on here,
by the way, is listed as 9-11-01. Good job. I didn't want him to know how old I was.
Mine is still floating around somewhere on the internet, although Geocities finally deleted it, but I have Dark Sakura's mostly evil shrine.
I saw that years ago.
That was me.
And then I had a Bust A Move 2 site. I'm actually still up on the anime web turnpike.
You know what's funny is all these people in our chat room right now, over at www.orangewormsauce.com,
they're all looking up their GeoCities pages right now, and all I see in the chat right now is this,
OMG! My site's still up! OMG! OMG! I can't believe it's still there! OMG!
I haven't updated my site in like, four years. I'm surprised that's even up.
That's great.
Alright.
Tody, by the way, your girlfriend is in chat and wants to know that your girlfriend's listening.
Uh, yeah, I also just got a text a second ago that said,
Bad Andrew! Yes, I'm listening!
And I'm just like, oh shit!
Uh-oh.
Yeah, gotta watch what I say.
He didn't mean anything by the underage girl thing.
Yeah.
It's all underage boys.
Yeah.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Ah!
Anyway, Todias, as long as you have the microphone, let's talk about our fabulous party we went
to.
Oh, yes.
What night was it? Wednesday, Tuesday?
Wednesday night.
Wednesday night.
Wednesday night.
So how did you get hooked up with this?
We went to our very first video game premiere, and it was for In the Groove, the new dancing
game coming out on PlayStation 2.
The controversial dancing game, I guess I really should say, because it seems like the
dance game community is really divided over this In the Groove game.
If you've been living under a rock, In the Groove is this game that was created by, and
I think it's fair to say, fans of the DDR series are folks that made this game, but
what they wanted to do was kind of improve on what they felt DDR was lacking on.
But it's in no way like DDR.
No way at all.
But it's a completely different game, even though it has four arrows that scroll up that
dance to in DDR machines mind you the upgrade it's nothing like DDR it's
Mario versus that that's the greatest argument I read is that DDR versus in
the group it's like Mario versus Sonic oh yeah you don't put a new sticker on
your Nintendo case and suddenly put turn it into something but that's another
story forget yeah despite how you feel about the game we got we got to go to
this party and I don't you you got hooked up through I got up the itg freak
And DDR Freak was kind enough to hook us up with passes because we don't count as a legitimate media source in the industry or something, I don't know what that was.
We haven't really worked with Red Octane in the past, I don't even think they know who we are, so you know, it's cool.
Actually, they do know who we are because they offered us a partnership deal a few years ago when I was hosting Shaft.
How did I miss that?
I think we tried to do the whole Red Octane thing out of the head.
They know about us now for sure. Some of them might be listening even. Hi Red Octane, hi.
I swear we're not going to bash this game. Anyway, no.
I have things to say about it, but I'll ask Tody first. How was your drive down
and what did you think when you got there and everything? What was it like?
Well, we would have been on time, but you know, an hour of traffic, and then when we actually got to San Francisco
we were like, oh hey, look, it's the 5th Street Garage. So we ended up going down
10 blocks because there were no left turns on any of them, and down about another
streets and another ten blocks back to get to the parking garage. That was a pain in
the ass. And then we were, um, I hope this guy's not listening, but there was this creepy
ass guy that just, like, approached me and my guest as we were walking up and just started
asking us about, like, music fees and royalties and how much he should charge, like, Red Octane
and stuff like that for his music. And it's like, get away from me. I don't know you.
Please don't touch me. You know what? There might be a reason for
that. It has to do with something else Red Octane mentioned this week. I'll get to that
I was very confused, and he gave me his phone number when he left, which made me even more confused.
Hot.
Great calling! Great calling!
Wait, you want to call him right now?
I should have brought it.
You want to call him right now on the show?
I wish I brought it with me, you know, but...
All right.
All right, well, okay, so you got there, and what did you think when you got to the thing?
Well, the place was a lot smaller than I thought it was going to be, but I think they were honestly expecting a lot more people to show up.
I was actually surprised that there weren't as many people as I thought. Don't get me wrong, I kind of liked it that way. It was a really nice vibe there. I didn't really personally know a lot of people there. I did run into a few people in the scene such as yourself and a couple of people from other websites. Believe it or not, even though we're all quote-unquote competing websites, you know, we all sit down and have drinks. It's fun. And good people that run the other websites in the community.
But if you think about it, like, DDR Freak had 10 passes to give away, but Monty Stell had 10 passes to give away, and the Groove Freak had 10 passes to give away, and if they all bring a guest, that's 60 people right there.
There was maybe 60 people in the entire place.
I know. I kind of was like, wow, Red Octane had a lot of people there.
Yeah.
Like, most of the people there were from Red Octane, it seemed, or some type of press or something.
Yeah. Well, if I can rant here for a second.
Sure.
What I kept seeing was all these 15-year-olds.
Why won't they let me in?
Why won't they just let us have a past that doesn't let us have alcohol or something like
that?
It's like, well, you're completely missing the point of what this is.
The employees want to go down there and just get fucking wasted.
We completed a game.
We're going to have a party, and they don't want to have to deal with 15-year-olds.
I'm sorry to say it, but I talked to a bunch of Red Octane employees there.
You know what?
How do I put this nicely?
Because a lot of people who listen to us are under 18.
Don't take this the wrong way, you guys.
There are a lot of great, intelligent people your age that would work very well at a party
like this and you could have fit in and everybody would have had just a good time, but you have
to realize that there are other people your age fucking it up for the rest of you, seriously.
And they post on DDR Freak, MBomaniStyle, and IDG Freak.
So they couldn't just open it up to anybody 18 and under because unfortunately one of
the rotten apples would get in there and fuck it all up.
Not to say that everybody over 21 is perfect, but luckily we lucked out, everybody there
was very cool.
I didn't run into anybody I just liked.
And trust me, there's people over 21 that are stupid that I'm glad stayed far away from
this.
But I think there's just a certain maturity level expectation and that's just the way
life is.
I'm sorry to say it.
But you know, someday you will have this conversation with other teenagers, so you know, I don't
know what else to say.
Yeah, more than anything else, I mean, there were so many Red Octane and Rockstar employees
there.
I mean, it was basically a party for them, not really for the fans of the game, so...
Yeah, that's what I thought was also interesting about this.
The party really wasn't for hardcore In the Groove players.
I think that was the number one misconception about this, was that, oh, it was going to
be the best of the best in the group players showing off this game.
Whereas in fact, most people were just average.
Toady was probably one of the best players there and there was only a handful, I could
probably count them on one hand, how many 10, 11, 12 foot players were at this thing.
I mean when people are looking at me and going, this guy is good, come on.
Oh you got moves, I've seen them, I've seen them.
So what I loved about it, though, is that there was an open bar, and the club was very
posh.
Yeah.
It was nice.
Honestly, these guys know how to throw a party.
Oh, I agree.
Despite how you may feel about In the Groove, the party was awesome.
That was brilliant.
Free sushi.
Yeah.
All that stuff.
Oh, my gosh.
Drink all night.
In the Groove totally knows...
I'm sorry.
Red Octane.
Stop rubbing it in.
Sorry.
Red Octane totally knows how to buy my love.
Honestly.
Oh, yeah.
If they could buy off my opinion on this game, this would have been a great party to do it.
But no, I thought...
If they could buy off your opinion on this game and that game would have been Driver
3.
Yeah, I would have been giving Driver 3 reviews of the game.
But okay, as far as the feelings for the game myself, okay, so I got to check out the home
version of In the Groove on PlayStation 2.
And as you guys know, I've always been, this is, and when I first reviewed In the Groove,
this is what I said about it, it's not as bad as the people who are saying In the Groove
should die and go away is saying. It's not that bad. But it's not as good as what the
people who are saying, OMG, DDR is dead forever, ITG for life is saying. It's somewhere in
the middle. That is how I still feel about this game even after seeing it at the show.
I was actually more impressed. I didn't think the game would translate as well to the PlayStation
as it did because you have to consider that, I mean, I don't, a lot of this game was kind
of homebrew, really. It's kind of, StepMania was a homebrew thing and it kind of evolved
from that, right? So a lot of this game was homebrew. It actually translates very well
and very smoothly into a PlayStation 2 game, so I was pretty impressed with that. As far
as the game itself, though, it's in the groove. You already have an opinion on this game,
honestly. There's nothing I'm going to say that's going to change your mind one way or
other. If you've played In the Groove in the arcade, you like it, you're going to like
the home release. If you don't like it, you're not going to like it. So, I would recommend
In the Groove to Dance Game fans. But I still would say, if it's your first game, I don't
know. You may want to weigh your options a little bit. I think DDR has some more beginner
accessible things. I think In the Groove is always going to be more for the hardcore niche
player. That's mine.
Well actually, the home version actually added a new training slash beginners mode that's
not available in the arcade. Right, right. And I did notice that, but I was still...
Yeah. I don't know, it's still...
I don't know what it is. In the Groove, it just doesn't have that
beginner warm fuzziness to it that DDR does. I can't explain it better than that.
We didn't really grow up, so to speak, on it, I guess. I guess. That might be
something to do with it. But, I mean, as long as they're not making any other
games, and In the Groove is going to continue to challenge me, I'm just...
I'm going to play it, you know, in the story. Honestly, the honest way I feel about it is
I mean, and I know that might sound a little bit
belittling, but it really is kind of a compliment that it
is actually holding my attention for a new DDR.
Because it's unfortunate, but Konami has kind of slowed down
on the arcade stuff, at least.
But this home version is a whole other world.
We're going to get into later in the show, this is going to
be a huge year for a dance game.
That is now four dance games after this week.
We know for sure there are four dance games coming out
this year, and they all want your attention.
But on the other hand, it's going to be a huge year for
But honestly, most people who listen to this show aren't going to buy all four anyway, I think. I don't know.
Probably.
Probably.
Well, the biggest compliment, though, that I had at the game, and I really want to credit Red Octane for doing this, is that they kept the timing windows in the game the same as the arcade.
Yeah, that was cool.
this is my that is my absolute biggest criticism whatsoever of all the home
versions on for DDR games because you actually you get used to playing on
those and you go to the arcade and you just suck you know you're you're
terrible you're just off by a couple milliseconds and you start great
attacking everything and you're like what the hell's going on at home I'm
triple laying this so I'm really really glad that they kept that the same it's
actually going to be able to improve your ability in the arcade well I'll
tell you one thing I really liked and this was something that really surprised
me about the party because I did not think I would be as impressed by this as
I was was Red Octane's metal pad. Yes, I was wondering if you're gonna cover the
afterburner. The afterburner is amazing I thought it was it's it's great yeah it's
the best metal pad I've played on but of course I haven't played on that many but
it's it's the best it's so responsive it's smooth it's great. Well I own two
personalized cobalt fluxes, and I can easily say that I would rather have two
afterburners. Do you know the other thing I noticed about the afterburners was just
awesome? The way that they lock together, so you can kind of play doubles with the
pads locked together. The only thing the afterburner is missing, seriously, is a
bar. Yes, I was actually talking to a guy named Atma who works for Red Octane, and
they actually have development going on for that. I don't know if it'll actually
go through or not, but I was offering some suggestions, of course, because it's the
Right, right. Now, you can't play these games without the bar, as you found out.
It's quite difficult for me.
And that's going to be a problem for this game coming home, but interesting creative solutions. Now, you tried something.
It didn't work too well. I tried.
What did you try to do as a bar replacement at the party?
Well, since I didn't really have any chairs there, I basically just grabbed one of these metal bar stools.
The second I brought it over there
I was immediately assaulted by a whole bunch of like bar staff and red octane employees that told me that I couldn't do this
There was you know liabilities and crap like that like I'd fall and crack my face open or something
So that really irritated me
but
It was and I was so disappointed to this
I don't know if you've checked out orange launch radio.com, but we have picture galleries up on there
I saw my ass on the picture gallery multiple times. Yes
I was in the other room at that moment, but I heard After Burner, not only are they ripping
off TDR, now they're ripping off SEGA.
Okay, well, well, well, wait.
I think we all know that this is not, that the new After Burner pad has nothing to do
with everybody's favorite jet flying game.
No, I know.
I know, but this just makes me want to hook up my 32X.
I know you're teasing.
But the After Burner pads, honestly, I was more impressed with the After Burner pads
anything in the show. Yeah. I thought they were great. Yeah, is that the first metal
pad that really has a system of, like, the depressed arrows, like the arcade? I know
the Cobalt Flux is completely flat, and I've had, like, a My My box, which was pretty much
flat also. I'm going to ask our expert here, because I don't know, really, your pads that
you built had it. My pads rock, that's why, because I put my hard, you know, I put a lot
hard effort into getting them well built working it's a little different but my
pads rock they weigh a ton but as far as depresseros yeah most of them were like
flat and they're lame like I remember those old metal pads you can get off the
eBay or whatever I remember I bought no metal pads from they end up selling them
as someone they put the first time I stepped on it it bent I'm like why did
Did it bend? That's weird.
Cause it made tin foil enough.
I'm sorry if I sound like I was knocking your metal pads, Loki,
but these pads actually worked for more than 15 minutes.
Cause mine aren't grounded, you dumbass.
Shit.
Once I put that wire on, man, those fucking pads are gonna rock.
Dude, but these pads at the show, you have to...
They were taking abuse. I saw Girls in Heels playing on these pads.
They were taking a lot of abuse, and they were still holding up great.
Stupid women.
Stop it. Stop it now. The girls I met were actually very nice. I actually met a lot of people at the show that were just kind of from the scene.
You know, and I've bashed a lot on the In The Groove community, and I kind of apologize to these people that I met the other night because they were actually really great folks.
You just have to remember there's a couple bad apples ruining the barrel out there because there are some folks out in the community that are like,
DDR is dead. If you still play DDR you're a fag. Stop being such a fag. Stop fagging
up the dance scene. So, and that's just, I just can't stand that attitude. Especially
when you considered it in the groove. I don't care how you spin it. In the groove is a deviation
of the DDR game. You cannot spin this any other way that I will believe you that this
This is not some type of at least inspired by DDR.
You cannot spin it.
Had there been no DDR, there would be no In the Groove.
Absolute.
Period.
End of sentence.
And that sums it up there.
So, and these kids out there that are just saying, you know, DDR, have no respect for
where In the Groove came from.
Hello, DDR fans, built In the Groove!
I'm done.
And they also built stupid, uh, what was it, that Dancing in Stage, um, Unleashed, or whatever.
Oh, well, stupid Konami, they can't get anything right as far as, like, you know, the new arcade
games.
I mean, I swear, you know, I don't know, I'm really curious to see what they're gonna come
up with for this year's E3, you know.
I-Toy, that was a great idea!
Let's do that again!
You know what? I think people were way too harsh on the iToy thing.
Oh yeah, because you know...
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Hold on a minute.
I don't want to get too far off topic here. I'm not done within the groove yet.
But the iToy thing, look at it this way.
For those of us that are into DDR and all that stuff, it was kind of silly.
But let's face it, DDR was not just made for us.
It was also made for 9-year-old girls to have at their slumber parties.
Like it or not.
And this is a topic I'm going to bring back later when we start talking about Extreme 2.
too. Nine-year-old girls and their slumber parties think this iToy shit's hilarious.
Not that I know firsthand. I've just, you know, heard things and read about them on
certain internet websites. iToy was not made for you. It was not made for you, the fan.
It was made to make DDR more accessible and more showy and flashy. And that's why DDR
does so well because it's such a showy, flashy game. And that's something that In the Groove,
by the way, completely lacks, is showiness and flashiness. In the Groove looks like just
industrial, sad, sad, gothic thing. Not to knock the game quality, because it's a fun
game, but it looks sad.
It looks too American.
It looks, yeah. Sadly, it looks too American. Anyway.
Well, yeah, because, you know, I love the iToy game where you hit the stupid ball around,
and you spend, like, 15 minutes trying to get the ball to go where you want it to go,
and it sucks, and it's so frustrating.
I'm already pissed off at Sonic Team for not doing a real Knights game, and instead doing
nights and that's that I toy collection what yeah I remember that a Sega
collection thing that they were doing the I toy with it three uh-huh well
there's a night's game in it why couldn't they just make nights I'm
sorry I had to rant oh yeah why couldn't they just freakin make samba on ps2
somebody me go there just needs to be given a whole shitload of money and do
nothing but make games that I tell them to okay and of course we have somebody
in our chat room right now that says SSJ 100 Matt says iToy games equal great
games to play with your penis. You always know somebody's got to be the
jokester. Ass! Alright, I don't think that'll work. Back to In the Groove. I know. Back to In the
Groove for a minute, alright, before we get on all these other tangents. Alright,
so In the Groove. Do I recommend the game? If you like In the Groove, yes. If
you don't know how you feel about it, at least check it out. Form your own
opinion, don't listen to people on the internet. That is my opinion on In The Groove, don't
listen to people on the internet, play the game for yourself and form your own opinion.
There it is. Honestly, you know what this is right here? This is the equivalent of like
say, ok, you've got your hair care products and stuff like that, ok, and you've got, you
know, for women they have their conditioner and stuff, and then guys won't buy that crap
because they're like, that's gay, I'm not going to put that gay shit in my hair, so
and then they come up with something cool, extreme gel!
Okay, so you buy this extreme gel.
It's basically the same damn thing as the woman's pride,
but repackaged, so you buy it.
This is what In the Groove is.
In the Groove is the Dance Dance Revolution game
that you can play and not feel gay about.
That's what it is.
That is quite possibly the best analogy
for this whole damn thing I've ever heard in my entire life.
Congratulations, hats off to you.
People should post that on every forum.
That's all it is. That's really what it is.
You better copyright that. You better copyright it.
It's the men's suave of the dancing world.
It's P.H. Balance for a guy.
Exactly! They have that crap now.
P.H. Balance for my ass.
If it wasn't P.H. Balance, you know, I'd just put that shit on.
Oh my God, it burns!
No, but anyways. Yeah.
Toady, your thoughts?
Well, uh, I've already kind of been an ITG fanboy.
I mean, the first time I played it, I really thought it was pretty much just gimmicky bullshit,
you know?
I'm like, mines?
You know, what the fuck is this?
Who cares, you know?
I actually tried to do my first hand plant the other day.
I will never do that again.
I burst a couple veins in my hand.
I threw out my back!
Alright!
But, I mean, the more I played it, the more I liked it, and like I said, they're not making
any more DDR, so I'm going to keep playing it.
But I mean, I was impressed with the home version, so.
They got some stuff from ITG2 on here, so it should be pretty good.
They didn't fuck with the timing windows, so I'm happy.
I got it pre-ordered.
You know what?
I'm going to pick it up, because my opinion of In the Groove is, even though I say I'm
on the fence, it's favorable.
I think it's only going to be like 30 bucks, so I'm going to pick it up.
You know, why not?
The DDR games aren't going to be out until fall.
I'm going to pick up these games.
I think most people will.
I will soon.
I don't know if Red Octane is still doing it, but before, if you pre-ordered, they gave
you a whole bunch of gimmicky shit with it, like t-shirts and keychains.
So basically all this stuff we got at the launch party for free.
They gave away for free at the show.
You know what Jason told me today, and I haven't seen this post on the internet, but there's
a rumor on the internet going around that all the people in attendance from the websites,
Us, BimaniStyle, and stuff, DDRFreak, who else was being represented there?
I know Us, BimaniStyle, DDRFreak, ITGFreak, I didn't meet anybody from that site.
The rumors going around that we all got advanced copies of In the Groove for the Playstation.
Should we just perpetuate that rumor just to irritate people?
No, but if anybody wants to send me a copy of the game, I would love to have it.
If you want to send me an advanced copy, hit me up offline and I'll give you the address.
But that rumor as it stands is completely false.
We got shirts and keychains and other cute little things.
Lots of beer.
And alcohol, which is great.
Like I said, Red Octane knows how to throw a party.
I thought that bar was very cool, and I loved how we took
over the media room at one point towards the end of the
evening, and I had a great time, met some good people.
And honestly, I think what this did, it made me a little
more favorable of the In the Groove community as a whole,
because I know now that there are good people in the
community that aren't ruining it for everybody else, so
that's good.
And I think between that and the news that Red Octane came
out with later in the week, I'm actually really respecting
Red Octane's trying to do. I think Red Octane is trying to play up to the music
fan base and put stuff, music gaming fan base and put stuff out there that people
want. Well, making lots of money. Yeah, I mean, and it is all about money, but I
have to admit the whole thing, while it didn't really change my opinion on
In the Groove per se, it really upped my respect for Red Octane and what
they're trying to do. And of course there was a rumor going around the party
that Red Octane was going to do a second music game, which we found out about
about later in the week and we'll get into that a little later in the show.
Anyway, for now, I think what we'll do is we'll do a little bit of a break. Oh, actually,
I want to respond to some chatroom comments before we get a break. One thing somebody
said, Kuwabara, and I'm sorry if I mispronounced that, said, I don't feel gay when I play DDR.
Well, you know, okay, and that's true, you shouldn't, because dance games do not have
a sexuality. I think Loki's comment, though, you have to remember is more towards what
but the general public views these games as we, as you folks who are geeky enough to tune
into a music station that is towards these dance games, and you know, us in the community,
we know it's not gay, and we know, we have fun with it, but you have to remember the
average, you know, Joe Q jock guy that comes in an arcade, you know.
Yeah, just yesterday at RVGO, one of my friends had that problem, two little dumbass jocks
jumped on the pad, started acting like, you know, little monkeys or whatever, and we're
both standing there with like our girlfriends, he's like, you guys are queers, like, gave
Give them a thumbs up.
Haha.
See you later.
Well, you know what I used to do to those people, apart from having them kicked out
of the arcade?
Yeah, but they don't exactly call you queer.
I mean...
But, no, but they still, you know, get up and act all asshole-ish on the machine.
So, my favorite circumstance is when I went up to these guys and said, okay, I'll pay.
But I picked the songs.
And what was it that I picked?
It was something fairly vicious.
What rhythm and police?
Yeah, it was something pretty mean.
Yeah.
It was cool.
And I went, ugh.
Yeah, I won't challenge anybody unless it's for like $40 a game.
I'm like, don't waste my time.
But no.
You want to play a five-time tournament winner?
$40 a game, asshole.
That's what you're doing.
I'm not wasting my time with you.
But my whole point with this was that I showed them
just exactly how stupid they were being.
Yeah, it's great.
And then usually, there's other people that they get up and do
that I have them kicked out of the arcade.
You made a kid cry once.
That was the most beautiful thing ever.
It wasn't just you, but everybody.
Because you did something, and then we all gathered around,
we were like yeah do it do it do it you stupid kid do it and he like ran off
into the bathroom and you know he was crying yeah well like this when we were
playing pat-a-pat of those people who are getting back there and the one that
did not to me in the shoulder you know doing fake whatever I had like seven
people kicked out the arcade that night Wow I used to be until I stopped because
I stopped going right after that I used to have people kicked out of the arcade
every time I was there because I wouldn't stand for it I would not stand
to go into an arcade and see people acting like complete stupid idiots when the whole
purpose of going to an arcade is to enjoy yourself and have a good time.
Yeah.
Alright.
Alright.
Anyway, what we're gonna do now, we're gonna go to a break because we've been sitting here
for a while dishing on In the Groove.
We're gonna come back, we're gonna talk about now what Konami's up to because everything
has just hit the fan this week.
We were, it was seriously like you could see the tumbleweed flying across, you know, the
Bomani scene has been dead and now just seriously, like over the weekend, bam, it all hit.
So we're going to talk about what now Konami's up to right after this break.
In this break, since we've been talking a little bit about In the Groove, I figured
I'd humored the In the Groove fans with some music from In the Groove.
And in case you haven't actually played the game, you can hear what some of the music
sounds like.
So we're going to start it off with some Nina with Fly With Me, and we'll be back with more
Orange Launch Radio after this.
But I will be like a bird in the sky
Finding your way to my home
We like a bird, you have scarred my heart
We like a bird, you have scarred my heart
Free like a bird in the sky
I'm in your way to my heart
Come play with me
Come play with me
Come play with me, come play with me
Don't promise me a world that you can't figure out
And you cannot escape
Don't promise me freedom
Don't promise me a bridge That you can't cross at all
Don't promise me a light That you can't knock at all
Don't promise me
You've got to get me out of here, you've got to get me out of here, you've got to get me
MC confusion, I'm front a lot If I were MC from a little, I'd be tellin'
you only ever what I'm not But I am the most frontin' this
Carvin' off the opposition Lil' son, just to confuse you
Whippin' like a villain, I got conundrums Your MC head, they're gonna fill in
Sillin', affect the mock you made My dexterity and 20 on the skills of display
That's alright, I'll take it as a compliment Shows you no nerd's course, it's dead
Which MC was that?
I can't recollect I heard him on the internet
And it was MC front or somethin' But I didn't hit save
Which MC was that? I couldn't say
Maybe it was MC matter of fact
He got the authenticity, easy riding his act
Always speaking the truth, never fronts one bit
He and DJ so sincere, don't quit
But I think for some reason that it wasn't him
Wait, was it MC out on our limb?
With the very risky dappin'?
Don't know what happened to the time
Global contortion is squeezin'
Tongue portions sublime on the mic
Except for when the bow's breakin'
Kicked him out the liner, mistaked him
Yo, it was definitely MC wrong Rockin' jam after jam of inaccurate songs
Then again they quipped the band MC in sight Striking suckers for bling with the lyrical light
Must confess I'm hard pressed to be certain Was it MC hot behind the curtain callin'?
Pay no attention to the man on the mic Must be the wizard when he rhymes so tight
You're havin' difficulty dredgin' out your brain The fact is which MC was that?
Which MC was that? I can't quite collect I heard him on the internet and it was MC front
front or something but I didn't hit save which MC was that? I couldn't say. I couldn't say.
Step up Poindexter, act smarter than you are about to pull the MC name out the jar and whoever
gets closest wins a nine-sided die and a gift certificate to prize yo. The moniker is MC Front
a lot. I got a plus one bag, an earth core hip-hop and my mail list busted. 100's on famous.
It's unbelievable nobody know what my name is
We all want destiny
But we are floating through the clouds
And someday we'll see
That only when we dance we'll tomb
Cause we're like animals on the run
La di da da da
Li da di da da
La di da da
We are the animals on the run
La di da da da
Li da di da da
La-di-da-da, we're all like planets through the sun
La-di-da-da, we're all like planets through the sun
Talk about us, you and me
Hey, can't you see we'll never be free?
It's more, it's more like us
Down to back, we can't discuss
We're demons of love and peace
But in the end, we're on our knees
La de da da da, da de da da da
La de da da da, da de da da da
La de da da da, da de da da da
We roll like lemons on the side
La de da da da, da de da da
La de da da da, da de da da
We are the lemons on the run
Run, run, run, run, run
La de da da da, da de da da da
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio
because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
They've been trying to keep quiet about some of the things they're going to be doing at E3.
You know, they like to surprise us. I think in Konami's list...
If they were trying to be quiet about it, why did they give it to GamePro?
Let me get there for a minute, damn you.
Alright, so usually, you know, they don't announce their stuff until it's getting closer to E3 time,
and you know, they save most their stuff for the show.
But this year, some of the stuff's gotten out early.
Actually IGN already blew the lid on the DDR with Mario is definitely going to be showing
up.
And karaoke revolution 4.
And they also blew the lid on karaoke revolution 4.
And now what happened this week is that game pro magazine, their website, remember last
year?
Yeah I know that happened last year too.
Shame shame.
Well they spoiled all the unlocks on DDR extreme last year.
And now what they did this year is they actually blew the lid on some big things going on.
They actually have Ultramix 3 and Extreme 2, and some very observant observers over
on DERFreak.com actually found these while they were surfing through GamePro's site.
So the first one that we have details leaked on was Ultramix 3.
Now, again, I think most people assumed both these games were going to be coming, but we
have no idea in what shape or form these games are going to take, you know, especially with
UltraMix 3, because UltraMix is kind of, the PlayStation 1s have always kind of a little
bit, at least until DDR Extreme, they've always kind of taken the form of their Japanese releases
in the arcade, but UltraMix has kind of always been doing its own thing.
So I think UltraMix 3 especially are very curious to see what's going to happen with
that.
So on the GamePro article, basically it reveals that there will be over 100 minutes of energetic
dance music, and it's going to have over 65 songs, and I'm assuming that the downloads
will still be accessible as well. In fact, actually it does say it's compatible with
all previous download song packs from DER and DER UltraMix 2, so that's 60 more songs
right there. So that's 125 songs if you already have all these packs from the start. Here
are some of the new modes you're going to have in DER UltraMix 3. Freestyle mode. And
that will allow you to dance just the way you want to to any song in the game while
rewarding you for doing different combinations. It's like a freestyle mode. So I think that
just means you get to dance with no arrows but maybe I don't know if it's
like a recording mode or it's rewarding you for doing certain things like I
think that's that's the impression I'm getting from it is that if you do
certain step combos during it you get rewarded interesting huh yeah no idea we
can't really tell from the names alone but that's pretty much all the article
gives us right there so there was that and let's see um also there's gonna have
quest mode quest mode is basically it's like a story mode now for DDR so DDR is
now getting yes tody no continue it quest mode basically now yes didn't they
do this with dance dance dance yeah but how many people in this this area know
what that is I mean seriously how many people on the scene know what dance
dance dance is even maybe it's a really crappy game but now it's getting this
quest mode you can travel virtually from city to city and build the ultimate
dance team by completing challenging songs and routines along the way. So it's basically
a quest mode for DDR, like a story mode. It's Pokemon DDR! It's You Got Served The Game.
Wow. That makes me sad. You know what though? It's cute, I guess. I mean, it's cute. I'm
jaded though, but still. It's the 9 year old slumber party mode, basically. Yeah. But you
You know what that makes me think though, if you hear about that, that means that there
will have to be a lot of characters, I think.
And that's one thing the Xbox games have been lacking, is that they don't have a lot of
characters.
Ultra Mix 1 only had two characters, Ultra Mix 2 only had four characters and two downloads,
and they weren't even really downloadable characters, you just unlocked them on the
disc.
So you have what, six characters?
Well, there's a whole library of dancing characters out there that haven't really been on the
Xbox yet, so I'm thinking maybe putting two and two together, that's probably what freestyle,
story mode is going to encompass more of those characters and I'm hoping
more original characters and I'm really really hoping because this is Konami of Hawaii
we will finally see the DDR PC characters crossover on the console
and that's right they need to travel to San Francisco in quest mode and meet
Betty and Mr. Spanky. Did you ever see Mr. Spanky in DDR PC?
No, I never played DDR PC actually. Are they going to be at the local, you know,
bondage club?
I don't know, but...
We haven't heard from Mr. Spanky in a long time. I know, we haven't. Well, who's played
DDRPC lately?
I have the chat room, doesn't even know what I'm talking about when I talk about Mr. Spanky.
We should invite him back for a show one day. Some day, but somebody needs to find a
picture of Mr. Spanky first. I hope he's still on the internet somewhere.
Maybe somebody will find that and post that. I would not Google search that.
Yeah, don't Google it, because you're not going to find that. You'll find other things
that you don't want to see at your frail young age.
Jukebox mode is another mode that's going to be in this game.
Jukebox mode, this is a quote from the article,
jukebox mode turns your Xbox into a music machine,
allowing players to enjoy more than 65 tracks from the game.
Whatever.
So it kind of sounds like a throwaway mode.
But well, you know, with DDR having the full screen
videos and everything, maybe there
will be more full screen videos in UltraMix,
because there's only been like one video in each game. We had to do that thing, which
was really, really homoerotic, by the way, and then Tough Enough by Vanilla Ninja and
Ultramix 2. So hopefully there'll be more like actual videos. Even if not, think about
it. 2DX6 style had a mode like this. So, and it was well received, so maybe there'll
be something like that. So we'll see. Of course there will be workout mode and of course edit
mode and we're just going to assume here and assume that it still has the
be able to upload your own steps because it does say you can upload content so we
are assuming that to mean that
you know you get to do your own steps again as well as online tournaments and
Xbox Live Play. Whoop-dee-doo!
So, any thoughts on UltraMix 3? Things that
UltraMix 3 needs that UltraMix 2 and 1 didn't have?
It needs a Pocari Sweat Dispenser. Come on, realistically.
Maybe in story mode you might see it.
You know...
It's hard to think of new and innovative things to do with DDR in general.
Except they need freaking dance magic.
Yeah.
I want a first person shooter minigame in this because every game should have a first person shooter aspect to it.
Well maybe in quest mode there'll be a, you know...
You know Konami should take a cue from Namco. You know, your loading screens you can play a little, you know, old Konami game.
You could play Gradius.
I was freaking playing the hell out of Starblade on the Tekken 5.
You could totally do Pac-Man or something on that pad.
You know, um...
But that's more midway.
UltraMix has some real shit loading times too in the very beginning. It takes forever for the game to boot.
And I don't know if it's because you go through like five copyright screens before you finally get to the actual game.
game. Well, they're not all copyright, but you get one copyright screen, one screen that
says Bumani, one screen that says... all this garbage that you need to be able to go through.
Like, Yair Kung Fu, and, you know, Super Konami World, and Castlevania.
Here's my thing, though, with UltraMix III, is that I really, really, really hope they
keep up their relationship with a different drum. And I've been saying this every place
I possibly can, because I really want to see this happen, because I think the different
drum music that we had in Ultramix 2 was seriously like the best thing to happen
to DDR since DDR I don't know it was the best so I really hope they are gonna
continue that relationship with a different drum or at least even if not
that label specifically that whole idea of finding independent musicians who
make just as damn good music as anybody else and put it in the game to make big
honestly you know honestly I just forgot I was gonna say okay I was sort of just
it's trying to wrap my mind around a whole I guess RPG mode in a DDR game I
still have flashbacks to dance dance dance and that game was horrible you
know what I'll be very curious to see I don't know how much of this they're
gonna show at e3 now you know last year Ultramix 2 we barely had anything at e3
In fact, a lot of people trashed Ultramix 2 saying, even I was looking at Ultramix 2
last year going, this is going to suck, and now I believe Ultramix 2 is the best home
release we've had on any system, period.
And it kind of stank at E3 last year, so it's going to be interesting to see exactly how
much we get to see this year at E3.
I don't know.
We'll see.
And also, you know, another good thing that Ultramix has been pretty good on is providing
us with new, like, 10s for those folks that like the challenge and just, you know, and
I'm looking at you, Tody, the people that just can't enjoy DDR without there being 10-footers
in it.
Well, it's not that I can't enjoy it, it's the fact that you'll come out with some new
song and you'll make it a 7-footer.
I mean, during, I was with Loki when we were testing out DDR Extreme US, and I think it
was, and I think I triple-A'd, like, half of the new songs on the first try with the
bigger timing windows, and I'm like, okay, now what?
you know what what am i going to do with it
but you have to add a challenge difficulty or something i mean you have
four difficulties to work with you can make one of those difficult to suit
everybody you know i think you have to remember though toady on the bell of
players that these games are made to it you could imagine is on a graph that
looks like an upside down bell curve
you are way on the bottom over here you are one of the few that they need to
cater to so
just make a challenge difficulty
I'll design the damn steps myself.
I mean, come on, there's more than enough people that would
be willing to do it, you know?
Four difficulties or whatever.
Make one hard one.
We'll see, we'll see.
Anyway, so we will see what happens with Quest Mode a
little later on.
And of course, as we get more details, we'll post it to our
website, orangelandre.com.
DDR Freak as well.
They've got lots and lots of news on this stuff.
And all the other sites out there, I'm sure, reporting on
this as well.
Speaking of DDR Freak, I want to mention this at some point
during the show.
Friday nights on DDR Freak Radio are actually replays of this show, so to those of you guys
that are actually hearing this the first time on Friday night, DDR Freak, hello, and thanks
for listening. So check that out over on The Freak, as we so lovingly call it here on this
show. Anything else on UltraMix you guys want to add in? Okay. We're going to talk about
Extreme 2, but first we're going to have ourselves a little bit of a cage match. We got to get
to that at some point tonight. Can you believe how fast this show is going by tonight? This
This is what happens when you actually have news to talk about.
It's crazy.
Alright, let's get into tonight's Cage Match, shall we?
Last week in the Orange Lounge Cage Match,
we had a song that featured Paula Terry on vocals actually winning this.
Look, you're gonna have to remind me, what the hell was the name of this song
and who did this and all that good stuff?
Do you remember?
It was in Midnight Tune 2 or something like that, and some arcade racing game, and it
was Nothing Lives Forever starring Paul Osterre, and it was a guy that did the music from Act
Razor.
Alright, sounds good.
Okay, so we're going to play a clip from this one because it was last week's winner, and
then it's going to go up against two brand new songs, and you guys in our chat room get
to vote www.orangeloungeradio.com click on chat to join the chat room you guys
vote for your favorite and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on
Orange Lounge Radio's music program that plays when we're not live all right here
it is you guys song number one this song features Polteri with nothing lives
forever last forever what the hell's name of this nothing lives nothing lives
forever that's right it sounds like a James Bond all right here's a clip you
guys enjoy and we will be right back with more CAGEMATCH!
I'm here today to conquer the world
Can't catch up
I don't mind if I'm not the only one for you
The time must come to say goodbye
Because nothing can keep forever
But I keep going back to you
Alright, that was a clip there of song number one, that was Polteri, Nothing Lives Forever.
alright song number two is my song tonight and you know lately I've been
kind of downloading these random British trance and dance compilations I'm just
like I just want more dance music gimme gimme gimme so I found this one and I
kind of like this one it's it's a little bit poppy but I just like it so I'm
putting it in the cage match because I think you guys will like it too and I
think this is like total DDR songs so we'll see this artist is named diamond
Somebody I've never heard of, but this is the artist Diamond, and the song is Reason. Enjoy you guys.
Something in your eyes I know I can't resist
Something in the air, I don't know why You were hardly there when I was on my own
There's something about you that makes me cry
Can I believe that your heart still beats for me?
Let me receive a sign that you're my destiny
I wanna know, give me a reason for me to believe in
Can't you see it in my eyes?
That I need a reason before I'm still breathing
Is it time to say goodbye?
Cause deep in my heart I know
There's a reason why I am not leaving
Why I'm not alone
So give me a reason for me to believe it
Give me a reason
Something in your eyes still takes my breath away
Something's deep inside, please tell me why
I don't know what I should do to break this spell
How can you make my life an alibi
Can I believe
That your heart still beats for me
Let me receive
A sign that you're my destiny
I wanna know
Give me a reason for me to believe it
Can't you see it in my eyes
That I need a reason for I'm so breathing
It's time to say goodbye
Cause deep in my heart I know
There's a reason why I'm not leaving
Why I'm not alone
So give me a reason for me to believe it
Give me a reason
Give me a reason
Give me a reason for me to believe it
Can't you see it in my eyes
That I need a reason for I'm not breathing
Is it time to say goodbye
Cause deep in my heart I know
There's a reason why I'm not leaving
Why I'm not alone
So gimme a reason for me to believe it Gimme a reason, gimme a reason
It's all generic, so it gets a five and a half.
Five and a half! Loki!
It was okay. The bass line reminded me of something from Rimmel or Run,
but then it sounded like some other song I heard of, so I don't know.
It's just kind of, it's not bad, it just sounds familiar.
And then, so I give it a seven, and then I give the porn on my PSP a ten.
Which you were putting on cam during that song.
Yes I did.
You know what I think the familiarity is? Somebody pointed this out in the chat room.
Who said this? Because I totally agree with what they said.
I apologize to who said this because I can't.
Oh, Fireboma said, it has a very Lasko feeling to it.
Oh no, Zaku said it first.
Legend Zaku said it has a very Lasko sound to it.
I kind of agree. It sounds like them.
Which is interesting because Lasko actually had a song on this exact same CD,
but it sounded like totally unlike them, so go figure.
Anyway, I like it. It's poppy. I think somebody said they could sing along to it. I feel the same way. It's a drive in my car and sing and feel happy and pretty. So I give it an 8.
I was in the bathroom and I missed about half the song.
It sounded pretty generic to me. Like I said, I only caught the last third of it or so.
It didn't strike me as anything particularly outstanding. I'll give it a six.
Alrighty, Bud!
I was in the kitchen and it sounded like standard pop.
pop. And yeah, nothing terribly exciting. Six. It's definitely a drive in the car, sing
along, be gay, all that. Yeah, yeah, thanks. Yeah, I do that too. You be gay? Alright.
Gay isn't happy. Yes, exactly. Alright, alright. Anyway, let's move on. There is one more song
you guys get to vote for tonight. Here it is. It's Jamie's pick. Jamie, what did you
pick for us tonight? I'm sure people heard this on my Tuesday show, Plug Plug. But this
This is a song off of the CD called Demograzie, which was by Damon Auburn of Blurr, also the guy behind Gorillaz.
Big surprise, huh?
But this is a remix of a song off of that album called A Rappy Song. It's really out there.
You know, the title alone makes me think of PSO.
All Rappies?
Am I just a nerd because I think of Rag Rappies?
Keep in mind I haven't heard the song yet.
How's this for nerdy?
There is an item called an Alrappy that you can use to boost your stats and the developers
were using it for game testing.
And I've got some.
I cheated PSO and I'm proud of it.
Song number three tonight, Damon Albren with A Rappy Song, the remix. Enjoy.
I'm drinking all the sunshine in the tea I'm taking my faith in my faith
And all my words will be shot up in your face It's a waste of fuel, I'm giving you a pen
I'm dying
Oh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
Oh
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
I
I
I
I
No matter the feeling that your money can't buy
Becoming a slave to the rhythm
There's no way that you could stop me now
I'd like to see you try
Cause I'm already long gone
Don't be scared for me baby
Let's throw me a chance to cry
I can't believe you have to stay behind me
Throw me your ass off with me baby
Tell me why
So lie your teeth on the cherry
Don't follow me
Throw me your feet to the side
But best believe I'm a-breathing
Break ground before I lie
I know I'll never let live
But I know I won't let you die
So go from Malta to the country
To the club and sing my song
And hopefully, I'll look at Chad and
She was friendly, but my camera's thin
That's the reason I wasn't in
My story when we come again
I hope you like that
And the white skin and the white hair
Like the lads who snitch when they style their hair
I like that crimp look, what they do with their bangs
But I feel like a faggot who's got two feet to chase those thighs
I'm gonna get up on the side of motherfuckin' fries
I'm gonna get engraving, if you wanna lay me
They make you can't stay awake even if you're crazy
Song number three.
Damon Albrun with a rappy song the remix. Did you think it was rappy or crappy?
Dark Sakura. I'm just really pissed off at the people who are being fucking rude about all of these songs.
So I'm giving it... Don't let them ruffle your feathers. No, the thing is that I see this week
after week and this is bullshit.
You know, we are doing this show for you people and the least you can do is be nice, okay?
So I give the chat room a negative 50 and I give my song a 10.
Alright, Loki. I didn't care for this song. Not at all. It's a four.
I thought it was kind of quirky. I don't know. It had a nice groove to it, though. I can't say I didn't like it, because I thought it was kind of groovy and it made me bounce, so that's worth something, so I give it a seven.
Cody yeah I gotta agree with that I mean it was pretty damn weird but I noticed I
was sitting there like you know bouncing and you know yeah it's quirky yeah it
was it was something I think I could listen to I'd give it an eight I like
that one alrighty but give it a seven it was definitely something you can pop
along to all right all right that being said let's recap the three songs you can
vote for tonight in tonight's cage match song number one you can vote for is
is Polteri with No One Lives Forever, I think.
Yes.
OK, thank you.
Where's my clip?
There we go.
All right, song number two you can vote for tonight is Diamond with Reason.
Song number three you can vote for tonight is Damon Albrun with a rappy song.
Alright guys, please vote now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote.
Song number one, song number two, or song number three.
hurry hurry hurry get your votes in now because we don't leave the window open
very long so send those in if you're not sure how to do that ask somebody in chat
they will help you out because they're nice all right this is the part of the
show where I usually ask Loki what's going on in the sim scene so Loki what's
going on in the sim scene as far as I'm aware nothing and I am double-checking
to make sure you know that that's not the case I would hope that there's
something going on anyways no really um I don't think there is anything going on
as far as releases go because I was checking the other day for some brand
new you know the food mix stuff see if there's any you know new stuff for that
but um no no there there wasn't so but like I said I'm double checking right
now. I should have done this earlier. Shame on you! Whatever, you know, honestly, it doesn't
matter. But anyways, let's see here. You might check out DDRUK since they're still coming
about and I'm sure they're working on still the brand new Sim Files 4. I think they're
finishing up Ultramix 2 or something. They're the song packs for Ultramix 2, last time I
checked. But really other than that, you're not going to find much new stuff out there
because there really isn't that much new stuff coming around.
Let's see if there's any developments in the food mix thing here.
I wish. Food mix 2 needs to come out.
It needs to come out now so we can like... Are they actually doing a food mix 2?
Yep, remember? Oh, hot.
I reported that a while ago.
No, anyways, I forgot. Okay, kill me.
No, here's what's going on. Looks like DDR C&C style
uh... selection from beat mario
uh...
it was up their web pages updated whatever that's supposed to mean
i don't know doesn't say anything so guess what folks that means nothing's
going on nada
to some more shitty simp files online
but hey you can't believe of myself that's all of you know how many max
remixes posted in the last day
let's find out shall we
Now honestly, I haven't seen that many max remixes lately.
I actually haven't seen any max remixes lately.
I think they may be just not even trying to make them with
any structure whatsoever.
The ones I've seen have been like these stupid bots files.
And those are really crappy.
But just for shits and giggles, let's see how many max
remixes there are since the last time we broadcast.
I vote 20.
You think 20?
Okay.
And the winner is...
uh...
well, let's see here.
Since last time we have done the show, there have been one, two, three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine maxsim files. Now,
granted...
Okay, okay, here's a list here. We've got
Maximizer, which I assume is just some fun steps to the Maximizers.
Um, StaryonSurvivormax. StaryonSurvivormax!
StaryonSurvivormax. Die! Um,
RizlaMaxDeepDynamiteSomethingRoder, something along
the sim file that was a joke. MaxAttack version 2, Trip Machine Climax,
easy edit. MaxPeriod, another edit. Max420LLDJOB
V-I-S-D-J-Vichese, Eat Your Heart Assum, Joke File, and Max Unlimited, Edit, and Max Wipeout version 2.
Honestly, folks, none of this stuff's worth downloading. Just save your time.
Do something more constructive, like download porn. Seriously.
Honestly, there's a lot more porn out there than, you know, SIM files.
And you know what? With porn, you can never get bad porn, so that's good to know.
Alright, anything else? I say, you know, make porn, not, you know, bad max symphiles.
That's what, actually, no, I don't want to see anyone making porn.
Yeah, please don't, don't make your own porn. Don't, don't.
Especially considering most of you are under 18. Don't do that!
That would be illegal.
Alright, we are going to open up the Skype line in a little bit, guys.
I want to start talking about Xtreme 2 a little bit, though, but if you do want to get in on the Skype line,
Let me tell you this, I know that tons of people want to get in tonight, so be ready.
I've actually got emails of people that want to get in, or wanting me to open it up special for them, so you're going to have to go against them.
www.orangelandsradio.com, click on interact with us and get your program ready.
Anyway, I want to talk about Xtreme 2 real quick.
Now, the person that found DDR UltraMix 3 was this person, Tep, over on DDRFreak.
And then after Tep found out about the UltraMix 3, one of the admins over there, Cutris, actually
went over and started kind of, I guess, scouring GamePro's site a little bit and found out
that GamePro also spilled the beans on Xtreme 2.
Oops, they did it again and I say that for a reason because one of the big shockers in
this article is that Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 will have Genie in a Bottle and
Oops I Did It Again as confirmed songs.
Now I know this thrills Dark Sakura to no end here considering how she feels about that
type of music.
It's not Jenny in a Bottle?
It's not Jenny in a Bottle.
How about shit in a bag? Set that on fire.
Alright, so that was one big revolution, uh, revolution, revelation made.
Uh, again, they're saying over a hundred minutes of dance music gonna be in there,
and they're saying, this is what GamePro is saying, now keep in mind that I believe it was
them or somebody said this last year and it didn't really happen, but they are
saying
PlayStation 2 owners,
excuse me, will be able to go head-to-head with a new online feature.
So the online thing...
Excuse me, I'm choking over here. The online thing doing so well in Extreme...
I'm sorry, Ultramix 2,
that now it's going to be a part of Extreme 2 as well.
So, very interesting, I think.
And as if you didn't know enough stupid people on Xbox Live, now you get to
meet them on PlayStation 2, which opens up a whole new world of stupid people.
Um...
And then that's about it, although we do know that iToy Support is coming back,
and as well...
Yeah, itoy support's coming back, and let's see.
Workout mode is coming as well, and you get to do your
own steps in edit mode, of course, as well.
So that's about it.
The online mode being the biggest thing about that, as
well as the genie in a bottle, and oops, I did it again.
So this goes back to what I said earlier.
Remember I said I'd mention this again.
Remember, boys and girls, DDR Extreme is not made for you.
It's made partially for you, and you'll get
something out of it.
You'll get your Sakura, I'm sure.
I don't know anything for sure, but I think it's a given that Sakura will probably show
up in this one.
But now, for the Slumber Party girls, they're going to have Genie in a Bottle and oops,
I did it again.
Deal.
And you also have to remember that none of these girls usually, I shouldn't say none,
a very small percentage of these nine-year-old Slumber Party girls are going to play on heavy,
but Konami's going to give them seven footsteps with, you know, 200 steps on heavy anyway,
so.
Wouldn't it be comedy gold, though, if they made Genie in a Bottle like a ten-footer?
i would actually probably by the game
just as a joke
but you know it but this is interesting if it's online and people can create
their own steps you know there's gonna be ten footsteps out there to oops i
didn't get that they'll be crap
it'll be like finger finger revolution separately
oops to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
was made no sex just a big string of sixteenth note they go into a random
no sensical order whatsoever much like many in the group twelve footers
Or they'll just go in and add triplets which don't go to anything.
So, very interesting.
It was actually EGM, thank you for the tip there.
EGM was actually the one that said that online play would be included last year and they were wrong.
But now GamePro is saying it this year.
And hopefully, I don't know, do you think online play is a good thing for DDR?
I think it's a bad thing.
Are you asking me that specifically? Or are you asking the chat room?
I guess anybody in the room that wants to answer that. We'll do the Skype line thing later for those who want to ask.
Well, unless they, well, it's pretty much impossible for them to tell who's using a controller and who's using a pad.
I mean, it's really not worth my time to try and put forth a bunch of...
Well, now Xbox Live will tell you who's using a controller.
Really?
I thought, I was actually under the impression that they had some sort of system that allowed
them to bypass that.
I think, everybody will hack anything.
But it's really the minority.
I don't think I've run into any of those people.
Everything I have is legit.
The only problem is that some pads, the home built ones, I think Cobalt Fluxes will show
up as controllers.
Really?
So unfortunately some people that do really bad, they're like, I swear I'm on a pad, I
swear I'm on a pad.
Yeah.
So, I'm hoping that that feature will carry over into PlayStation 2.
somebody will hack it, it's a given, but you know, for 99% of players it's not gonna matter.
Yeah, I mean, I guess for the people that can't get out to an arcade it's great. I mean,
for me, I would never use it. I'd just rather go to my local arcade or whatever and play
people. But this is interesting because this is kind
of ties into what you were talking about in the last show, Loki, is you were talking about
this is where DDR is going, is that because the arcades are dying and nobody seems to
care anymore, online mode is where it's going to. So does this news surprise you at all,
Okay, I'm kind of curious.
No, but then again, they need more things that be on their network adapter.
After all, they don't want to be like the GameCube.
Well, now who knows? There might be some big thing that comes down with DDR with
Mario, which is the one game we didn't get any news on this week.
Very soon, though.
Think about it, guys. We're only a week and a half away. Honestly, folks, do you really
think you're going to get online play with anything
on the GameCube? No.
You'll get LAN play.
hello and play
enjoying the maybe maybe
yeah i i would expect it on my play the arm are you'll be very weird because
the yard mario city kids on how to use the internet the hell we're talking
about
all right honestly
damn mario fucking a
by the plumb something i mean i was the he's been doing a lot of like mackin on
princesses
and like smashing turtles but i haven't actually seen you know unclog a toilet
Oh, he just unclogs the princess all the time.
No, they unclog the pipes of all of those monsters in Mario Brothers.
He cleans her pipes.
He cleans her pipes.
Waxes.
With his plunger.
God.
We've sunk that low.
Yes, we have.
All right.
I think that's a sign that we probably should reveal the cage match winner.
Are you guys ready to hear about the cage match winner tonight?
I don't care.
Why not?
Tons of people voted in tonight's cage match.
I think this is one of the largest turnouts we've had in a while.
And the winning song won by only two votes, if you can believe that.
You want to hear the song that won?
We'll see.
Damon Albrin with the rapping song.
No, I'm really fucking surprised.
You know what?
I think what happened, because the other songs had the exact same number of votes, I think
the trance vote got split and it allowed the quirk thing to go through.
Either that, or after you spanked everybody in the chat room, they voted for you out of
fear.
No, seriously, all I wanted was for people just to be a little bit more open.
And it wasn't just for me.
They were bitching about everything that went through.
So I was like, stop bitching, just listen.
You know what?
People will bitch about everything.
It's what the internet's for.
You know what?
As an internet celebrity, you're going to have to deal with this.
I know.
There's going to be paparazzi out there that are going to photograph you when you're
Only celebrity, I have to throw a temper tantrum every so often so they can be on the cover
of the star and then I can sue them for money for something.
You know what we need?
We need like an internet version of the star and we should be in it, but it has to be a
flattering story.
We can't have any, you know, no fat pictures of me or nude sunbathing or anything like
that.
How about we make a website called fakenews.com?
They probably already have it.
That's why we're not going to make it.
Alright, let me check.
I got a picture.
Hey, moviepoopshoot.com is still around.
Oh my God.
Alright, we're going to go to a break, and when we come back from this break, it's your
show boys and girls, and I always fear this part of the show when I let it be their show.
Ha!
There is no fakenews.com.
We will make it happen.
Now somebody's going to get to it before you.
We'll see.
Alright, anyway.
Anyway, guys.
We're going to go to a break.
When we come back, it's your show because we are going to open up the Skype line right
after this.
this break though you get music from I figure since we've done a lot of home
stuff tonight we're gonna do Ultramix 2 in this break so enjoy this selection
music from Ultramix 2 and we'll be back after this.
But you gotta tell me, what you wanna do
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
I'm in heaven with you
You're the one you want from me
You never knew
Only wants one thing
Let me tell you somethin' you don't know
Let me tell you somethin' you don't know Let me tell you somethin' you don't know
let me tell you something you don't know
let me tell you something you don't know
take you site the secrets I won't show
take you site the secrets I won't show
Thank you for watching!
aah
aah
aah
aah
aah
To the words I'm saying baby, I found my soul
And it keeps me hanging on
Understand me now
To the words I'm saying baby, I found my soul
And it keeps me hanging on
Understand me now. The frequency of the beat gets higher.
lounge radio and it's your turn boys and girls we're going to open up the
skype line for you guys to get in and call and give us your opinion on what's
going on if you want more information on how to get in www.orange lounge radio
calm and click on interact with us to YouTube can be on the skype line let's
take our first call hello you're on orange lounge radio hello sky it's el
El Mullet calling.
Hello, El Mullet.
How are you?
Good.
How about yourself?
Good.
I think we have a little bit of a delay, so start talking.
What's on your mind?
Well basically, now that we've got the news on Extreme 2 and UltraMix 3, I'm starting
to get pretty pumped for this year's E3.
I am absolutely pumped for this year's E3.
When you consider that we have Extreme 2 and we have Ultramix 3, and we have DDR with Mario,
and we have Karaoke Revolution 4, and we have God knows whatever Red Octane's going to show,
and whatever Korean crap shows up in Kenshiya Hall, this is going to be a beautiful E3 for
us music gamers.
I'm very happy.
This is going to be the best year for music games, period.
And I do have something to say for all of you.
Yes.
What would you like to say?
I was going to say anything... what I want to say to all the naysayers, to all the
people who decided to come out and bitch right out
of the gate
as soon as the announcements were made.
Shut up!
You don't know what's going to be on these games outside of genie and
oops.
And that's two songs out of a possible sixty five plus song mix.
Shut up!
I agree, I agree. Those people just need to sit down and shut up until we have more information
on the game. You want to know why no company wants to release
information on games before E3? It's because this is what people do with, you know, any
game that has a loyal fan base, is that people start just tearing the shit apart, and they
dream up this own list in their head of everything they want, or the game's going to suck, and
then, you know, they're disappointed because the developers have a different vision. So
So you wanna know why everybody keeps it in their pants until E3?
This is why.
It's a perfect example.
Go look at the thread and everybody bitching,
Eh eh, why is oops I did it again on the game, eh eh eh.
Any thoughts?
Why can't it be like arcades that have all my favorite songs on them?
Where's my max period from the other home version?
My god, some people piss me off.
This game better have Sakura.
I'm not buying this game unless Sakura is in it!
Jesus people, Sakura is like the most horrid song
in DDRXtreme. I just... I will not buy this game unless Sakura is not in it!
Ha! Got you!
Sakura makes everything cool.
I want as much licensed mainstream crap
as humanly possible. I want to see people so pissed off
This year's song list says Steam is coming out of their ears while I sit back, copy of
Extreme 2, laughing my ass off.
That's right.
You know what?
Let's dream for a minute here.
Let's think about if I were to make DDR Extreme 2.
Let's think for a minute here.
What types of songs would I want to put in Extreme 2?
Let me think.
I'm going to make my mix here for a minute here.
Let's see.
have oops I did it again and genie in a bottle would definitely have to be in
this and and I was trying to cue up some musical stuff but my thing is froze there
we go there we go thank you okay let's see oh did the feed drop no I think we're
still here I'm still with you okay delay but I'm still with you I think we had a
a spot of downtime there, but we're back. Who cares? We're just like rambling. The Internet
declines your request of making a custom DVR mix. Sorry, Rob. Yeah, I guess so. The Internet
just didn't want that to happen. My bad. All this must not happen. I think it was live
365 because we never disconnected. Shut up. I'm not sure what happened there, guys. All
Alright, let's just keep rolling here, because the archives will go on.
So, I guess if you want to hear what happened during the chaos moment there,
just listen to the DDR Freak archive, because it'll all be there.
Actually, I think if any of you guys are on the net, I need you to stop what you're doing,
stop your uploads, stop whatever you're doing, close any programs that are connected to the internet.
Oh, man, so much for my 6-bit torrent.
We need all the bandwidth right now.
It's live 365.
Is it? Okay, alright.
We never disconnected, it's live 365, they've done this to me too.
It's the goddamn government, they're hacks-ering us.
I am showing the stations up on the air and streaming, so it's just gonna take them a
minute to get in, so...
Oh my god, they shut off the monitor!
Let's do this, let's go, Mullet, why don't I give you a call right back, we're gonna
go to a music break, okay?
Mullet, are you still there?
They killed Mullet! Oh my god!
Okay, we're gonna go to a music break and come right back, okay?
I'm not dead!
We'll call you back.
Okay, so we're gonna do a music break real quick here. If you guys are with us, we're gonna go to a break here while everything is being burned and destroyed and it's awful.
Oh my god, the choppers!
Oh no, the government guys with their cell phones are going to signal us to death.
I think I have a very-
Do you have any reference?
I have a very-
Cancer!
I have a very appropriate song for this break, too, and it's actually topical, so people reconnecting during this downtime will find this to be hilarious.
Perhaps though, they were just thinking that, you know, that E.T. wanted the phone home,
so they were just providing him with the walkie-talkie that he could do that with.
They were just trying to be helpful instead of hurtful as...
Let's take a minute, let's take a minute out and come back, okay?
Ah, fine.
Stayed
I made you believe we're more than just friends
Oh baby, you might seem like a crush
But it doesn't mean I'm serious
Cause you lose all my offenses
That is just so typically me
Oh baby baby up I dig in
I played with your heart, got lost in a game
Oh, baby, baby, oh, you think I'm in love
That I've been from above
I'm not that innocent
Yeah, see, my problem is clear
I'm dreaming away
Where should I see you grow that you believe in?
I saw you watching the days
Can't you see I'm a fool
In so many ways
But you lose all my senses
That is just so typically me
Oh baby, ooh
I dig in
I play with your heart
Got lost in the game
Oh baby, baby, ooh
You think I'm in love
Alright, we are back here on Orange Launch Radio and an appropriate choice there, we
played the 5th mix version of Oops I Did It Again during our little downtime there.
Sorry about that, I don't know what happened, I think a combination of Live 365 did a net
fart and then we, I was trying to launch iTunes because I was going to do a gag because El
Elle Mullet and I were talking about songs that we would like to see on DDR Extreme 2.
Hmm, surprise, an Apple product crashing.
So actually, what I'm going to do now, I know a lot of you guys are actually calling in,
but I do want to give Elle Mullet a proper chance to say goodbye, so we're calling him
right back.
Hi, Elle Mullet, you there?
I'm here, Skye.
How's it going?
Good.
I think we still have a little bit of that delay, but that's okay.
Elle Mullet, live from the Middle East.
So I don't know what happened there, but actually, I have to say the best comments, one of the
The best comments I've ever seen in our chatroom came during that break.
And somebody said, who has a dark Tetsuya said, it's the rapture.
Like we'd be the ones disappearing during the rapture.
Alright, anyway, so El Mullet.
In my dream fantasy extreme too, I was always going to get to, I was going to do audio clips,
but iTunes decided to kill my computer.
We have, I would have, oops I did it again, Genie in a Bottle.
prerogative, the New My New My A song has to be in there for sure. Vengaboys, We Like
to Party definitely would be in there as well. Alice DJ, Better Off Alone. Madonna, Old School
Madonna and New School Madonna would definitely have to be in it. And let's see, what else
would be in there? Somebody told me, because you know that. Yeah, somebody told me that
you had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend and all that stuff. And then we would definitely
have to have all of the American Idols as well. Oh my God, Winnie Clay. And Clay. Because
I'll tell you this, if I'm interrupting, there would be 5th Mix. It would all be 5th Mix, plus random add-ons, and it would be glorious.
I like the idea of DDR to speak to this.
The only one who would buy the copy because, well, let's face it.
Go lag. I know, we have horrible, horrible lag tonight.
So, oh well. Yeah, I agree with the idea that 5th Mix would rock.
Let's just pour it 5th Mix and let's try to get all the original versions of song too.
Let's give the original tribal dance and all that stuff, that'd be great.
But we have to have the new My New My A song in there, come on.
I'm sorry, I'm going to have to go. This delay is horrible. Let's try this again.
That's right. Have a good one, Emmaulet.
I'm very, very, very sorry.
That's right. Have a good one, Emmaulet. Take care, and I'll plug it for him. Insidepulse.com
is super-duper, so visit it. I know its song needs to be in there. What? The Muppet one.
Manomina.
Manomina.
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-la-la-la-la-la
hmm
that's in a commercial now
alright, we are taking calls on our sk gaining www.orangelandsradio.com
click on interact with us if you are interested
in giving us a call
hi you're on Orangelands Radio, who's this?
legendofzaku
hello legendofzaku, what's under your mind buddy?
well I just got a few things I managed to find I don't know I'm just
trying to perpetuate the rumour cycle a little bit
I'm posting up a link right now from a person's live journal.
Apparently, this is going to sound strange, but just bear with me.
It seems this guy who's posting on his live journal basically, you know, heard some information
a while back, and I mean like about maybe two or three years ago, that they were going
to bring back a new DDR arcade mix this year.
And the reason why he posted is because a second person heard about this and it wasn't
from the poster source.
Sky?
Yeah, no, no, I'm with you here.
I'm here.
I'm with you.
I'm just listening to you.
Yeah, but I posted up the link.
All right.
All right.
I'm going to look at this link.
Yeah.
That's pretty much it.
That's why he posted it.
Okay.
So, they said years ago that this was supposed to be the year the DDR comes back.
Let's see, I'm going to...
This comes from some guy's journal.
I've seen this guy around DDR3.
Cucumber is the name.
New DDR arcade makes its debut in September, rumor, rumor, rumor.
My first source said that an individual who has direct ties to Konami of Japan heard straight
from them that DDR Extreme 2 will be previewed at Tokyo Game Show in September.
They've supposedly changed the hardware to make the game un-bootlegable, although I doubt
it took since December 2002 to do that.
My second source said there will be a location test in October.
I doubt it. Whatever. I mean, honestly, I gotta tell you, Zaku, it's
another rumor to me. It seems like every three months somebody's got the rumor
they have a friend who knows Konami of Japan.
Yeah, but the fact that a second person found out would mean that, you know, two
things. A,
if the rumor is probably, you know, spread to some other person, or B,
there might be a second person who might have found a credible source. So it could go
either way. Well, you're right. Any of these rumors could go either way. There's tons of
things out there on the internet that are probably rumors now that will turn to fact
later on. You don't know. But I mean, I hope it's true. I would love it if this news were
true. I hope it's true. The un-bootlegable part is kind of sad because that means we
probably won't see the machines here, but something tells me we'll see them one way
or another. I hope it's true. I don't know if it has anything. There's no such thing
is un-bootlegable anything.
Everything's pirateable.
But I hope it's true.
And I don't know what else to say.
I mean, the signs are pretty clear right now.
Paul Eteri is saying some stuff about recording a new
song on Naoki.
And I don't know whether or not it's adding up to
something, but it's out there.
It might not be true at first, but it might be something that
might be the basis for an official word.
It comes to that point.
I see how it also adds up together, you're right, the Politarian Naoki thing kind of
going along with this makes everything kind of look at up, but also you have to realize
with three new games coming out in the U.S. this year, three new DDR games and a Karaoke
Revolution game, which you know, it wouldn't surprise me if Naoki ever did something for
that, you know, it's very possible that the Politarian thing is for one of these games.
But Phil, I mean, we just have to look at the possibilities.
I hope you're right.
I hope you're right.
I hope this guy's right.
I hope I'm right.
I mean, I just, you know, the only thing, I don't know, maybe Konami might pull something out of their ass in E3 that might shock us all, that might shock us all, and keep, and basically surprise the hell out of us, or, you know, maybe it might be when they drop the, when they release the new DDR games, I don't know, maybe some edit mode for some future arcade mix, now that they've already, you know, now that they have, you know, USB mode working, thank you Gran Turismo 4 for that.
You know what, it wouldn't be an E3 if somebody doesn't drop a bombshell.
So, I would love it for it to be to Konami, but who knows.
Konami may have had it all already blown already from GamePro, thank you.
So, who knows?
Yeah, but you know, they might have saved some of the stuff that hasn't seen light yet.
And basically, everything's ready for them to do almost about anything beyond the home release.
as for saying a new arcade mix. They already have a third-party distributor up.
I don't know, it shouldn't be that hard to add USB slots to replace the memory card slots.
You know what? I'm glad you brought the...
And the Gran Turismo 4 is probably the first thing to...
I'm glad you brought the USB thing up, because I'll tell you what.
One thing that is really getting me into In the Groove in the arcade is the USB support.
It is phenomenal. I actually picked up a jump drive so I could check out what this does.
i'll tell you what the in the group u s b support damn near sells that game to
me
it is it is that good dot u s b support is because not all that game almost as
good as that mean a u s b
i'm sorry that's the same damn thing i don't think that but this is something
that actually in the arcades you know i mean it's different it's not
shut up
i won't be surprised that can only do that in for the
for further you know if they did they decided to continue my here in the
arcades are not me should have minds in their game and
and show the in-the-groove folks how it feels
except they won't be mines, they'll be super bad steps, or they'll be bombs or
something, you know? And take it to the in-the-groove folks and let them know how it feels a little bit, but don't
take the hand-plants idea
leave it in that other game
Konami has the ability to wipe them out for all they care
but you know, they're just waiting
they're waiting to see how in-the-groove does
and then they'll probably, you know, they'll probably bring out their big guns, just to hold on to
their market that's my prediction right there well we will see it if that's
they're playing the waiting game it's gonna be it's only do it's gonna be a
very interesting e3 I would I would love nothing more than for Konami and red
octane to be right across from each other but we know what happened yes
rivals just holding fists like like like as if you know like a Mortal Kombat
versus green you know what though despite despite anything negative I've
said about in the groove in the past competition benefits all of us in the
long run. So, I think that's it right there. Competition will benefit us all.
That basically spurs innovation. Alright, I'm cutting you off now, Zaku. Closing time.
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here, buddy. Alright, bye.
Nice quote of a song there. You're right. Thank you.
What, what, what, what? I have a cousin who knows a guy, who knows a girl, who's dating
a guy who knows somebody at Konami. No, get this, okay, this is great. The new arcade
system, it's going to have this little thing in the background. It's actually going to
be like some sort of score Italian thing. If you do really good in it, you get contacted
by aliens that actually take you up in their starship to go serve other aliens, all like
the last star fighter. It's fucking awesome. Konami is taking on the universe, man. Loki,
Okay, shut up. We got another call. You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello?
Hi. Did you have to talk to your mom there in the background or something?
It sounded like you were talking to somebody in the background.
No, that was just someone else.
Hi, someone else. Alright, what's up? What's on your mind?
Actually, the first question I have is about the After Printer Pad.
Okay.
I mean originally I was going to get the bundle for In the Groove with the ignition pad, but now, I mean, I saw all these screenshots that you guys showed, and you say it's probably, you know, like the best metal pad to get, for the Cobalt Flux at least.
I haven't played Cobalt Flux, so I can't give an opinion on that.
I'm just going to save it a little bit and save up more money.
I'll tell you what, have you...
I'm wondering if I should just save up.
Well, okay, I have a Cobalt Flux and I just played on the afterburner.
I would honestly rather save the hundred dollars than just play on the afterburner.
I actually prefer the afterburner over the Cobalt Flux.
I actually, we also got to play on ignition 3.0, which is basically the new ignition.
It's just now they've taken the D, the arrows, and they've D-DDR'd them, and they're just
these generic orange arrows now, and also has USB support.
The ignition 3.0 honestly did nothing for me that ignition 2.0 didn't already do.
So Ignition 3.0 is the exact same as all the other Ignitions they put out, but After Burner,
if you've got the money to drop, you really have to evaluate, how much will I use this
thing?
If you think you're going to use it a lot, it's something you're going to play every
day or every other day, make a part of your exercise routine, yes, I say it's worth the
money.
But if you honestly evaluate how much you play DDR, and see, for somebody like me, even
though I talk a lot about DDR, how much do I actually go play it at home?
I don't actually play at home a whole lot.
I prefer to go to the arcades. So for me, I don't see the point in getting a metal stage.
I would rather have the ignition pad because it's not worth it to me. But if you don't
get to play DDR in the arcades a lot or whatever, and you think you're going to play this a
lot at home, I say go for it. You won't regret it.
Yeah, yeah, I definitely don't get to play in this much in arcades, so that's what I'm
thinking about.
All right.
But then again, I'm thinking how long does it last?
You know, that's a good question. I don't know, I'm not Red Octane, but I know it took
a lot of abuse in the groove night. People were playing with shoes on and heels and everything
and playing the crazy songs and it seemed to hold up.
The arrows are not acrylic. I'm pretty sure there's some form of plexiglass, so they're
not going to smash if you step on them 20 times.
So I just, I don't know though, but you have to look at, I've had ignition pads that die
after six to nine months, so I'm hoping it's not the same thing with the afterburner, especially
considering that kind of investment but unfortunately until these things hit the
market we won't know how long they really last so nobody can really say
it's you're taking a little bit of a gamble I would say if red octane has
some reasonable type and I'm not familiar with red octane directly I've
always bought their products in stores when I bought their products but if they
have some type of warranty replacement program as long as it's reasonable I say
go for it you never because you don't know how long these things gonna last
Yeah, yeah, right. I'll probably get it then, thanks.
Alright, no problem. Anything else for us?
Probably. I mean, I have a lot of opinions now in the group since I actually finally got to play it last week.
Alright, what do you think?
So, I mean, it's pretty interesting. Like,
I don't like how it's such a...
It's not as varied as DDR is with the music,
which is probably my biggest problem. But otherwise, it looks pretty good. I mean,
I mean, the difficulty is really hard, but whatever.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm willing to dish out money for the home version anyway just for something new to play.
Yeah, I mean, you know, it's what, going to be what, 30 bucks, I think?
I don't know, don't quote me on that, 40 at most.
Yeah.
And you get a t-shirt.
Yeah.
Whatever, it'll, you know.
A keychain.
People that are dedicated to these games enough to be tuning into this show are probably not
going to regret the purchase, honestly.
Just go for it.
Yeah, definitely.
definitely. Alright, well I'm gonna let you go so we can take some more calls, but thanks for calling in, alright?
There will be a day where I will... Alright, have a good one, buddy.
...review in the group someday. Goodbye. Alright,
let's take one more call here. Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey guys. Hello, is this Angel?
Yep. What's on your mind? You're not here tonight.
I know. What's going on? Sicker than crap.
Oh, sorry to hear it. Well, I know that you
feel better, first off, rest up and feel better. What did you think, because you had to go to the
in the group party because I had to beg somebody to go with me because Jamie had
to,
Matt had to work and Jamie had the school thing, so I was begging Live Journal and you
took it up, so you had to go, what did you think?
I thought it was awesome. It's going to give me something to do,
you know, while I'm waiting for Extreme
2 and Ultra Mix 3, so it's just going to be a filler
And, you know, I like both games differently.
You know, I like DDR for DDR, and I like, you know,
In the Groove for In the Groove.
So I'm not going to sit there and knock it, because, I mean,
I'm still getting exercise, and I'm still liking the music
that, you know, either game offers, so, you know.
I think that's a very fair way to look at it.
You know what?
It's just, bitch and cry and moan all you want.
Both these games are out there, and they're going to be
available, so why not eat them up and just enjoy what both
games have to offer.
And I'm glad that you guys liked the After Burner, because
I wanted to try it, but I was just not wearing the right
shoes that day.
So I was just like, eh, I don't want to kill myself.
So I might actually end up buying that with the games.
Yeah, it's going to be interesting.
Oh, and you forgot.
Yeah, yeah, Angel?
You forgot the little spoof about you and the bar when the
I was trying to play. That was pretty funny when we already did the press room.
Oh, God, that's right. Okay, remember this? Okay, because they took the stool away from
Tody, what I ended up doing when we were in the media room is you decided you were going
to play some insane song. So I was like, here, hold on to my hand, and you can use my hand
as the bar. And he did it. It worked.
This is how people are going to have to do it at home. He held on to my hand, not in
a homosexual way, but he held on to my hand as the bar, and he played, and it actually
Well the guys that whoever was dancing next to you. I didn't know him, but you um. I think his name is Andres
I'm Oregon okay. Well. He did the same thing and I actually snapped a picture of it
Yeah, somebody commented on the website about that like do is somebody using a hand as the bar yes because we and I would like
To say that was my idea copyright. It was my idea
patent pending great
All right anyway, huh? I had a pirate and hide everyone there. I'm sorry. I'm not there, but hey yeah feel better
I take it we're not meeting at CCL on Tuesday.
Actually, I think we are. Talk to your girlfriend.
Okay. Alright, will do.
Alright, have a good one, Angel. Thanks for calling.
Alright, bye guys.
Bye.
Have a good one.
I was arm raping. It was pretty hot.
It was hot.
One other thing I got to say. I noticed, because sometimes I look at people chatting on different forums,
How many different places did you say Rob took
three pictures of my ass and put them on the Orange Lounge radio gallery for you all to see?
I think I put it on like two different places. It was on my live journal and then
I know I commented on the Orange Lounge site. That might have been it.
It just seemed like everywhere I was reading you said something about, God, Rob takes
all these pictures of my ass.
Well, I mean, it is a nice ass. It doesn't even exist. I don't even have one at my body weight.
You know what, I was just trying to get pictures of hamplants because I was actually going to do something with like no ham.
I don't believe you.
You're right, it was all about your ass.
Alright.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Person on Skype line.
Greetings from New York, it's the one and only Ronma.
How you guys doing?
Good, how are you Ronma?
What's on your mind?
Pretty good.
I want to give you my quick anime boss review wrap up in like a few minutes.
Make it really, really, really quick because you're actually breaking up a little bit.
Your voice is breaking there, so make it quick.
Crap, I'm going to make it really quick.
Anime Boss was great, I'm going to play Didi of Forever.
The Tokyo Game Action Guy, say hi.
The masquerade kind of sucked.
It seems if you made your own costume, but you wore shoes, you automatically got disqualified.
What? You wore shoes? You got disqualified? What the hell?
Whatever.
Well, you know what?
I actually, we need to get out to some anime cons and get our name out there some more.
Go into Kaname.
I need to go or something.
We need to get a little room.
I want to travel to the East Coast.
Some East Coast person, fly us out there.
We'll do a table thing or whatever.
It'll be fun.
Dude, if y'all fly out to East Coast, y'all can stay in my room for free.
I just, you promise not to take advantage of us, right?
Never.
All right.
Sounds good.
Well, thank you.
Should I get an opportunity to cosplay?
Yeah.
Thank you for the offer.
We appreciate it.
Anyway, buddy, because you're kind of breaking up, I'm going to let you go.
But have a good one, okay?
You too.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and close the Skype line for now.
Sorry for you guys who weren't able to get in.
It's just very, very, very, very crowded tonight.
We're going to go to a quick break because I have to go to the restroom.
And when we come back from this break, we're going to get into the FUs of the week.
So you can start sending those in to Skye in the chat room, and we'll get to those.
But please, please, you have to keep them quick tonight.
They will get cut off if they're too long.
So we'll be back with the FUs of the week.
And in this break, I figure we can do some 2DX music, because we're kind of neglecting
Beat Media tonight.
So let's do, I want to hear Daisuke, because that song's cool.
And then I'll throw in some Taku for Jamie, because I know she likes that stuff.
So we'll just make it a two-song break.
And then we'll come back with more Orange Lounge Radio.
I brought you a super city boy
Imagine that you're a godfather, you were free for me
Every day was dying, now I've become a god
Every night I'm dreaming of falling in my dreams
I can't feel no love, I'm on my own
I love my class, but they're more pretty
Will you tell me no? How do you feel me?
Will you show me now? I wanna dance with you all
Like now, I want to walk for you Everytime, everywhere
Are we sure we got your own best love?
Will you show me now, I wanna dance with you all
Like now, I want to walk for you
Everytime, everywhere
I wish I would get to hold this love
Daddy's a cat
Gah... Gah... Gah... Gah...
Gah... Gah... Gah...
I know
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter D, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and now it's time for that part of the show where
we get a little bit angsty, and we do the FUs of the Week, which by the way, we have
new background music for tonight, all of us.
Yay!
I already missed my old one.
If you were getting sick of those songs, well, you know I could start it off with your old
one and then get into the new one, because I do kind of like the way it started, but,
you know.
This one starts off and changes.
Alright, we'll do that.
Um, okay, so, why is it we do the FUs of the Week every single week, Dark Shark, right?
Fuck it
My F you goes toward
This little insurance company. It's bumpy ITT le and when I first looked at it
Well, no, I was saying maybe it's a title and they misspelled it, but no.
Anyway, and actually I transferred from person to person, then to another claims company, then to another claims company here in Sacramento.
And it's just been stupid. He calls me and says, call me back, blah, blah, blah.
So I leave him two fucking messages and he never calls me back, the bastard.
So, I'm going to have to wait again to find out when I get my damn money to fix my damn car.
Um, my fiance was supposed to hammer my, uh, fender back into place so that I could at least drive it.
No, it rained.
Sorry!
Um, you know, I just really miss having a car.
I feel like, like my left arm's been cut off.
You know, you can function without a left arm, but it fucking sucks.
And that's how I feel.
Um, uh, apart from that, um, you know, fuck the people who have no sense of adventure and don't like anything new.
Because we don't fucking give it a chance!
Okay, I'm done.
And now we move on to Loki.
I love this song.
I bought new, cheaper cartridges, and I also got a program for free that locks the cartridge
and the value so that it will just work until it's done. Also, fuck you to stupid people
driving your cars, because for some reason you just don't understand what that stupid
little flashy light is that's on the corner of your cars. Guess what? It's a turn signal.
People use it to signal when they're changing lanes. Maybe you should learn how to do that.
Thank you. And, um, fuck you to Ridley Scott for wasting two and a half hours of my life
with a crappy movie called Kingdom of Heaven. Should have known that it was going to suck
when the word heaven was in the title, but you know what? Guess what? The movie sucked.
It's basically if you took all the battles from Lord of the Rings and made them anticlimactic,
that would be the movie. Enjoy. It sucked. And then finally, fuck you to the really crappy
The first party I had in Final Fantasy XI, I've been, like, not playing for, like, a while now, and I finally got back in the plane, and the first thing I get is a party that lasts for two battles, and then is over.
Fucking. Sucked. Ass.
And then, um, finally, um, fuck you to Fox for having Family Guy at eight o'clock, because I want to watch it, and I'm going to miss it.
You know what? Some of us aren't reliant on television for our source of entertainment.
I was like, I hit the point where I'm like, I don't want to do anything at all, ever, except stay at home and lie in bed all day.
So that's kind of the weekend I have, so F you to laziness.
F you to the fact that we were a little bit disorganized in making E3 plans, so we're kind of stuck in a not-so-great hotel, but that's alright, because at least we're going, so I'm very happy about that.
By the way, I am going, for sure. Absolutely. By the way, I forgot to tell you.
Thanks.
I found out.
And maybe this time, the hooker will see Brad again.
Yeah, that would be great.
So let's see is that about it?
I mean if you do the fact that I have not one not two
But three classes to teach next week and one of them is on a Saturday f you to working on Saturdays
That's a horrible horrible fate
That anybody who works a Monday through Friday age five job should I have to do is working Saturday?
Amen to that I did that last week so f you to Saturday working
But then I get the whole next week off, so I guess I can't bitch too much. What can I say?
Alright, let's go over to Tody and find out Tody's FUs for tonight.
First one from the Wednesday night, fuck pretty much the entire city of San Francisco for
having like a transportation system that doesn't make any fucking sense. Why do I have to drive
like ten blocks down streets that don't make me make a left hand turn just to get to a
parking garage that charges me $11 for like three hours and five minutes kiss
my ass I wanted those two dollars back anyway and then the other one I have is
a fuck California statutory rape laws going back to the myspace thing earlier
I wish I just live you know hundred miles away in Nevada 16 years old and
you're done with it this is bullshit over here I'm sorry I'm good all right
2. It's all about oops. 3 snaps. FU to Family Guy for distracting me from the show and probably
keeping me from even hearing the FUs. Hey! Get a VCR. FU to anyone that doesn't see Crash.
It was amazing. It's got to have a Best Picture nomination locked. Okay, that's not really
an FU, but more of me whoring Crash out. Jin4576 says, FU to Finals Week and work sucking.
Ranma says, FU to the DDR fanboys and girls that are beefing about in the groove. It's
just a game relax just cuz you suck it in the groove that don't give you the
right to bitch bring it it's already been Broughton sir or ma'am
MPQ says a big F you two children I hate children my sister has to take care of
this doll thing for a school project and it drives me insane I hate it if it
didn't cost $500 I would have broken it already I absolutely despise children
a UK why is that Aki Aki Aki says my F use of the week are I didn't get to go
to the launch party and then I ended up getting sick anyway dope
LXL doob says my F you goes to my parents for leaving to Melbourne without
me because of them I didn't get to play on the in the groove machine they have
there I think it's the only one they have in Florida RPG King says F you to
only see my girlfriend once a week for the past month hopefully that will
change as we get closer to the summer also F you to bar huggers at our local
DDR attorney they need to be weaned off the bar toady shut up the official bar
whore of Orange Laundrio SSJ 100 Matt to my cell phone about to break f you
superglue is holding it together right now and I can't afford a new phone to my
warranty on tape duct tape is the universal solution to the Red Sox an F
you father and son team who heckled me in the parking lot for wearing a Yankee
Jersey. Screw them. Go Yanks. F you to time for not going fast enough because I can't
wait to go back home to New York on Friday. Legend of Zaku says, F you to the murder of
a discreet math final I have to take tomorrow morning. F you to nearly killing my old ignition
pad when repairing it, only to make the fixed arrows a lot more stiffer. At least I still
have my Uber Elite BNS ignition pad. And F you to moving back home and having to put
up with dial-up again, meaning I won't be listening to your show or be on Skype for
that matter till I either get back on campus in the fall or get broadband this
and he got cut off but I'm saying I'm assuming it's summer a dark Tetsuya
says f you to sure West our phone line has been in and out of commission the
past few days thus limiting my internet and lastly dark night says my f you is
to depression end of line oh and f you to being broken not having a car the end
And you guys are so angsty.
We must talk.
I'm proud.
I'm proud.
We must talk about something.
Okay, what, Logie?
What's up?
Well, we didn't talk about Red Octane's...
We didn't!
I was just about to get to it.
If you'd hold on.
Oh, I don't know where you're going.
There's no set plan.
Yeah, you're right.
That's the wonderful thing about this show is that there's no set plan.
Orange Lounge Radio, no set plan.
Orange Lounge Radio and the Bush presidency.
to see. Eh, we don't have a plan. Alright, Guitar Hero is the new game that Red Octane
announced this week, but this is interesting because we're not sure to what extent they
actually meant to announce this, because they actually ended up taking down their website
for it, so they're kind of trying to pretend it didn't exist. I think it's one of those
cases where it was an E3 surprise. It was supposed to be a surprise at E3, and surprise!
somebody leaked your website out, so now the whole internet knows about it, so oh well.
Red Octane is going to be doing Guitar Hero for PlayStation 2 in the fall of this year.
It's interesting, by the way, to note that Red Octane for a long time, and I don't know
if they still are, but at least I know previously when the Guitar Freaks games were big on PlayStation
2, they were doing five-button guitar controllers that were for use with the Guitar Freaks.
So it's very interesting that, um, you know, they're doing this.
Is this a game to try and promote sales of those controllers?
Or will it be a whole new controller?
We don't know just yet.
But I do know a lot of people have bitched about the fact that there have been no new
Guitar Freak games.
And not to say that this game is going to be a Guitar Freaks clone, we don't know, but
we can kind of, you know.
Basing my judgement only on their website and just how it looked, they put a lot of
detail on that website, and if that's the amount of detail in the game, it should be
really good.
Well here's what's interesting.
guys that are assuming that because Red Octane is putting
it out means it's going to be like in the groove, you'd be
wrong, because harmonics is actually the focus of
development in this game.
Harmonics did in, or I almost said in the groove, frequency
and amplitude, and they helped with karaoke revolution.
And what else did they do?
There's another big one I'm not thinking of.
But harmonics, you know, they put out, frequency and
amplitude especially were games that kind of were
underrated.
So it would be very interesting to see what they
come up with for this.
Plus, they must have their own studio or something,
because they get these great original stuff.
And then Karaoke Revolution had a lot of stuff as well.
They redid cover songs, but it was all pretty good.
So it should be interesting.
Now, they had a website at guitarherogame.com,
but it got taken down as soon as the web's DDR Freak put out
a press release on this too.
I believe it was either Games Are Fun or somebody
had said it first.
I think it was Games are Fun originally put the story out there, so everybody got a hold
of this.
But this is the other interesting thing.
Now this goes back to way in the beginning of the show.
You were talking about some guy was giving you their card and talking about Red Octane.
They also have a site called BAGuitarHero.com, which also got taken down, but they're actually
having a contest to get bands in the game.
So maybe the guy you were talking to was one of these folks trying to get their music in
the new Guitar Hero game.
I still think he was macking on me. Maybe, but you never know.
Okay. Alright. What is this game going to include? Well,
the site indicated before it got taken down that it would have songs made famous
by
Jimi Hendrix, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and White Zombie.
Of course, when they say the term made famous by, you can pick up that it's going to be
covers.
But, you know, Karaoke Revolution, the covers weren't
that bad until they crossed over into DDR, then they were pretty bad. I don't know man, White Zombie's
pretty awesome. Yeah, it should be interesting. So that's all we know for now. Of course we'll
know more after E3. So we shall see. I hope they have this game playable there. We'll
see. Well it seems like it might be a little early because they're still trying to get
music. No, you could do that. I mean, they're looking for artists, but they can do like
a few songs, at least a song playable demo or something. Maybe, we'll see. I didn't even,
did Red Octane even have a booth last year? Kentia, I think. Really? Okay, then they'll
They'll probably have something like that there again, so it should be interesting.
Kensho Hall, by the way, for those that are unfamiliar with E3, they basically have two
huge halls.
What is it?
West Hall and Main Hall?
I don't know.
Main Hall, West.
Main Hall, West Hall.
Main Hall is where Xbox was last year and all the other big developers.
Places like Electronic Arts, who else is in there?
Engage.
Engage.
Konami.
And the UF Army.
All those folks are in the Main Hall.
The West Hall is another huge hall, and that's where Nintendo and Sony were last year, and
where presumably these guys are going to be again.
And then some other, like, you know, not quite as big, but pretty big stuff like 1UP.com
I think was in there, and TechTV, when they were still around, had a booth in there, and
some of the folks that put out the plug your joystick into the TV thing, they were all
in there.
And they shipped Sega and Acclaim into little side rooms.
And then there's little side rooms, and that's where Sega, Acclaim, Atari, where they all
were, like rooms along the way.
And then you have this place called Kensha Hall, and if you don't know where it is, you'll
miss it it's underneath the main hall you go downstairs and there's this
other place and that's where they kind of stuck all the Korean games and like
there was like Korean alley and peripherals and stuff and that's where
some of the cool stuff oh yeah what's interesting about Kenshi a hall is that
even though people joke about it and say it's the place where games go to die
it's one of the more interesting places e3 it's really your hidden gems area
that's where classic gaming Expo is doing a little preview that's where the
the X-Tango game was, whatever happened to that? O2 Jam, all that stuff was down there.
So it'll be interesting to see what Kenshi Hall has this year. Maybe Red Octane, I know
the competing company, the guy that I talked to from some other company and I don't remember
who it was. Yeah, whatever just happened with the speakers. Yeah, and then there was the
guy who said they would send us the speakers to review on the show and we didn't get any.
Oh well. Bummer. Alright, so of course now that you guys have been asking in chat, will
Will Orange Lounge be going again? Yes. Will we be taking pictures and putting them on the website? Hell yes. We're going to take tons and tons of pictures.
I'm getting pictures with booth babes this time. Son of a bitch. I am not being the one holding the camera.
No, no, no. I have to get the booth babe pictures. It's not fair.
I will also be armed with a digital camera this year because I am borrowing somebody's.
Actually, I will be on the hunt for booth hunks this year, but we'll see. I doubt they'd pose with me, but maybe I'll use Dark Sakura.
Booth boys?
Booth boys. I'll use Dark Sakura for that.
I'm like, hey, baby.
Here, take a picture with my friend.
Hey, baby.
So that's going to go on.
We'll have that.
We will also be podcasting every day from E3.
We're still trying to work out the details of how we're going
to do that.
But you've got to make sure you're
subscribed to our feed.
And if you are, and you're checking iPodter every day,
you will get our report.
They're going to be long reports.
They're going to be hours, if not two hours, every night
from E3.
So you've got to check that out.
For more information, orangelaundraido.com.
and get the Orange Laundry Radio to-go edition already. We do a podcast every week, by the
way, a separate show. If you like what we do here, check that out. It's about gaming
in general and it's a great show, so check it out. And I don't say that just because
I'm on it. I do. Okay. Also, please vote for our show at podcastally.com because we like
it when people whore up our show. Join the OL Army by joining our live journal community.
We may have some Horus up contest soon as well.
We might get accused of unethical stuff if we do that, but we'll see what we can do that's
ethical.
Ethics, my ass.
Alright, so I'll give you guys a link in the chatroom so you can vote for us.
It is a new month.
If you voted before, you can vote again, and that's great because, you know, when we get
votes we get happy because we get attention.
And attention's great.
Who doesn't like attention?
Me!
I love the pension wars!
No!
Now, we only made a radio show for the fun of it, you know?
Yeah, for the fun- the thrill.
The thrill of the hunting.
Rob!
What?
Rob!
What?
What?
Rob!
What?
W-w-what?
Ahhh.
Ahhh.
Ahhhh.
Hm hm hm.
Sorry for the dead air there. I just had to put a little plug in the chat room there.
Also, we have a club on 1UP.com that nobody ever uses or posts in. So if you're a 1UP.com...
Do you have a club?
Yeah, we do. If you have a 1UP.com account, look for the Orange Launch Radio Club. Just
do a search. We're on there.
You know, I have a MySpace account and only one person is... Well, two people have friended
me. One person being you and one person being some chick.
Wait, what is this? 1UP?
No, MySpace.
MySpace.
Oh, MySpace.
Oh, okay.
You know, if I had known I made one, you should...
My MySpace name is Loki O-L-R.
Did you put your picture on there?
No.
See, that's why.
Put a picture of you looking metrosexual and you'll have women from everywhere.
I don't have any metrosexual pictures.
We can fix that.
We'll get you a little button-up shirt and, you know, paint your nails or something and,
you know...
Yeah, just paint my man.
Wear what Ander's wearing.
all right okay whatever huh anyway look if you want to be popular you got to be
metrosexual because you know homo cell that's what it is and I am almost I can
say that it's okay okay definitely when we're making gay jokes you know the
show's over so please put the nail in the coffin of this show let's go around
and get everybody's final thought we'll start it off with toady your final
thought? What exactly is this my final thought on? Just, you know, whatever you
want. Your final, it's like Jerry Springer. At the end of every show he would give
you his final thoughts. What's your final thought? Okay, I'm eagerly anticipating
the ITG home version. I hope that Konami doesn't fuck up the new Xtreme 2 like
they fucked up the other one. I'm pretty sure that's already been covered on
previous shows. And, yeah, I think that's it. I'm good.
Alright. Loki, your final thought?
Work, work, work. I'm hoping to play more Final Fantasy XI this week. God damn it,
I need to get back in my routine. It's just, you know, the woman wants attention. You know
how that is. And, I don't know, it's just like, I had to play last night from like,
you know 10 to 2 a.m. and I started getting tired. You know what else is
really awesome? Golden grams. And I bet you guys didn't know this if you pour
enough water into a toilet it will eventually flush itself. Now you know.
And you know my final thought is you know what else is pretty cool is golden
I'm going to be doing some gaming this week before going to E3, just because I have to
get back into the gamer mindset.
Last night Dan and I on our main machine beat Metal Slug X, they gave us fucking hard, Metal
Slug X is pretty damn awesome, we got turned into zombies the whole game, it was great,
And then I plan on doing some PSO tomorrow, Final Fantasy XI on Wednesday, PSO night on
Friday the 13th, I should be on episode 8, look for me, Dark Sakura, or Cover Girl, or
I forgot the other two that I have, look for the ID card for Gunstar Hero, because that's
actually Dan's name, since we're on the same account.
And that's it.
one last very important thing reject false icons unless they're in DDR then
worship them because you know it's gonna be nothing but false icons reject false
DDR all right haha oh okay and lastly the final word of the show one word to
wrap everything up that we've talked about in this show and sum it all up you
You know I gotta give it to you, our guest, Tody. One word. Final word.
Oh shit. Put me on the spot here.
Um...
That's the idea is to put people on the spot.
God damn it. I hate it when you do that.
Alright, uh, metrosexual is gonna be the word.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Stop taking on me, because I'm a thief I'm strength to you, you're strength to me
Well one of these days, I'm gonna pack heat
Your beads on the wall, my face, my face on TV
They dissipate the pungent odor of a power holder
Then kickers come in 60 clips upon the sonar
They're gonna fold me over like a chopper keeper folder
If this is D&D you'd see me jumping to a portal
I'm a geek, spreadsheet double EK
I beat my boys in the basement about every day
A card table, comic books, and Ken's a cult
That we blow it up, I know that they're our star, what's yours? We got style
Tape on our glasses, sticks on our faces They hit on our asses, shiny shoes
Bell buckles, and pocket protectors Straight to our backpacks like my main man Vicks
Bunch we got problems
Name me the jock, the MTV suckers with cartoons and their cocks
Otherwise known as the motherfucker sucks if it's it
If I was Wolverine, you'd hear my knuckles go snick
I'm not perfect, the big four picture of Peter Parker
Always trippin', drop my tray in front of the girl that always fucks with I got brains
Fuck B's and C's, I got a great porn average higher than Henderson or Uzi, what?
Take it on me, because I'm a geek
I'm sick to you, you're sick to me
Well, one of these days, I'm gonna pack heaps
Your face on the wall, my face, my face on repeat
Don't fuck with the geek, just cause he got a gift
You get my way, bitch, you get a broken egg pinch
One night I didn't go to sleep, up playin' Riff At dawn, I won, got global dominance
But in the hallway it's completely different shit
Can't get my locker open and my pants are always slick
Can't seem to catch a ride, can't ever get a date
But in my mind, seven to nine things are great
Come night fight, prima donna's prevail
I'm a homo-sittin', lines from the holy grail
Stuffed nose, exes swollen glands Never been kissed, never been on hands
Just buck my biscuits over Britney in a bubble bath
Darth Vader wishin' haters can't follow collabs
The dragon died from a heart attack
You may advance and you're up to armor class
Being a geek, it ain't so bad
I can't get laid, I got you pandemic-sashed
In a mind jam-packed with sci-fi facts
Dread knocks, rock, dynamite kicks, yeah!
Stop drinking on me
Because I'm ugly
Because I'm fake to you
Because I'm fake to you
But I wanna be fake
Because I'm ugly
My name's on TV!
Stop picking on me!
Because I'm ugly!
I'm straight to you!
You're straight to me!
Well what do you think?
I'm gonna pack him, your face on the wall
My face, my face on TV
Because I'm a thief, I'm safe to you
You're safe to me, well what do you say?
I'm gonna pack him, your face on the wall
My face, my face on TV
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
All right, boys and girls, that's that for now.
We will be going back to our Bomani Music and More program.
Please tune in and we're going to record our podcast.
So subscribe to the podcast, vote for us on Podcast Alley.
Be Arminians because we love it.
We like attention.
Good night, you guys.
Thank you very much for tuning in.
Thank you very much.
