Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of May 9th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the
latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello everybody, once again, welcome to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your home
for what you, the gamer, really want to know about.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, my awesome co-hosts,
say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, yo, yo, what up my homies?
What up, girl, what up?
Ceiling, Sky, my cue.
Not your voice tonight, you're not perky tonight.
Hi!
Aw, that's much better.
Oh my God!
Aw, you're primed and ready for G4 now, thank you.
No, I'm not on enough drugs, thank you.
Say hello to Loki as well.
Hi. How you doing, sir?
I'm looking for this...
I'm trying to find this one game.
My friend at work was telling me about this crappy truck game.
It's like this diesel truck racing game that's for the PC.
Badass Mother Truckers? Is that it?
No, it's not one of the main ones you would know.
18 Wheeler Madness.
It's not 18 Wheeler Madness or anything like that.
But apparently the physics in the game suck.
Like, for example, the truck you race against doesn't move at all
So you automatically win no matter what your acceleration. There's no cap to it
So eventually you'll start going like an infinite amount of speed. I've heard of this game yet
I have no I mean I didn't like say oh I should remember this game
So I didn't you know memorize the name, but I know what you're talking about. I've seen it before somewhere
I want to download it
I don't actually want to buy it
I call that a Walmart game and the reason why I call that a Walmart game is if you've ever been to Walmart
Which I'm sure you know most people have if they have them in your area if you go into the Walmart arcade
Quote-unquote, what do they always have they have the crane game that you can play and then they always have
Excuse me some type of hunting game here and deer hunter and then usually they'll have like an 18-wheeler game
But the Sega 18-wheeler game was good
But Walmart doesn't have the Sega 18-wheeler game
Yeah, you know we don't have Kmart anymore to call them the ghetto so we have Walmart now
I guess well there there are Kmart still around. It's just you know Kmart. I actually like
Walmart except I only like Walmart in the south where they have Super Walmart
You can buy your groceries for half the cost of the grocery store
I'm I'm not big on Walmart, but we won't get into those reasons here on this program because we're gonna talk about games
Sorry, well my is my favorite store you you want to read more about it read my blog whatever
Let's talk about games and your games actually the games that you've been playing this week dark Sakura
I played Metal Slug X last night on the maim with my man, and we beat it
I think it's freaking hard, but it's kind of cool walking around as a zombie
Sorry your mic was acting up there a little bit. We got you though. I need to discipline it. Get me a ruler smack that ass
Mummy, well he played um
Metal Slug X last night on the maim
Dan and I did we beat it we beat it with
Like authority and when you say you played it on the maim you mean one of those we have
not one of those maim cabinets we have a pole position that we put a computer in
and are playing maim on it with a hand-built um joystick rig everything
that's awesome and it still has all the pole position logos and all that I'll
put pictures up on it up on the web you need to be great um but we played a
Metal Slug X last night and I'm hoping to convince them to play through some
space Harrier with me because you put infinite credits in space Harrier and
it's on because that game lasts forever or maybe some blazing star hmm sounds
like fun anything else beside the retro um widescreen pong all right Loki how
about you isn't it like scary that two out of three people in this studio have
a main cabinet in there rub it in a little more why don't you know what we
could do for you we could get you we could get you a one of those mini Mac
things you know five hundred dollars get you a cabinet that they're thrown away
for a hundred we could build you a main for under 800 dude I live upstairs or
sorry do debt I live upstairs we're not hauling a very a gutted machine upstairs
it's not that heavy we had a pole position machines all in my living room
you know what a barcade if I want to get the main cabinet in here I'm gonna have
to get rid of your chair no you know actually our next project is getting one
of those cocktail machines the table looking ones now that I would have in
the house. I would get rid of the kitchen table even though it's my roommate's and have
the cocktail cabinet. That would be rock. But we're planning on doing that as our next
meme. Sweet. Anyway, Loki, your gaming week. Um, I tried Super Monkey Ball Deluxe for the
Playstation 2 and I'm here to say that it sucks ass. It's, Super Monkey Ball lends itself
to make it look like, oh yeah, it's a cool kids game, people might like it. You go and
you're like, what the fuck? This sucks. It's hard and it sucks. I didn't like it and it
was boring and I just didn't like it. Then I looked at, I haven't really opened it up
yet, Area 51, a brand new game, so maybe I'll play that. I don't really know. It's like
all these first person shooters that are coming out nowadays. It's really a big whoop, you
know. But I played Final Fantasy XI for a little bit last night. I played with some
Japanese people and then I got tired and I didn't want to be you know giving them
a 30-minute notice so I just fake disconnected and left shame on you hey I
was playing for four hours I was that like one last original players you know
from the party I'm like screw it you know I'm not gonna give them any more
notice cuz I'm like falling asleep my computer so I waited for the you know
the last thing to die at you know the end of our chain and I fake disconnected
lovely so I don't know that's what's been what I've been doing that and a lot
of Ridge Racer for the PSP and luminous again I've been playing Ridge I beat
Pac-man finally and I beat was it I still have to beat the angel car a little
bit I played it a few times and it's still really hard isn't the Pac-man car
cool though. Not really. It's not as good as the one from Ridge Racer 4. Speaking of
Pac-Man, I have to get this off my chest before we get much further. Did you know your Pac-Pix
game came out this week? I know, but that's not the one that I was really interested in.
Oh, I was listening to a previous podcast and you said something about the Pac-Pix game,
so I'm happy to let you know. I want Pac-Pix, but I want the freaking Marble Madness looking
one. Yeah, okay. Pack and roll. Pack and roll. Yeah. Because it's like Marble Madness. Sorry,
Logan. Anything else? So anyways, yeah, just Ridge Racer and Luminous. I unlocked two more
uh... skins today
but as you know it really luminous it comes down to I don't have enough time
to play it so I can't really get that far
in the game but um
I don't know, Ridge Racer I like it. I was actually looking at some maybe getting some more
games coming
out pretty soon uh...
I don't really know what the hell it is with the PSP
and the games coming out like for example
you know you have Metal Gear Solid and people are like oh yeah Metal Gear Solid awesome
Wait, it's a card game, turn-based card game, what the f-
You mean Metal Gear Acid?
It actually plays more like one of those old school strategy games.
What the hell is this?
And then, then, then you go like, oh, armored core's coming out, yay, mech combat, yay.
Oh, I don't get to control them.
Boo, that sucks.
You know, I had games like that, or they actually had games through the PlayStation, you know, come out like that, and they sucked.
You know, where you have to create the AI for them and stuff.
that's not fun you want to play you know mech combat against each other you don't
want to like oh i'm gonna program the coolest mech
out there blah blah blah anyways so before i ramble too much you
know i was looking too late whatever hey you know i was looking at
mercury i might get that but you know yeah i'm waiting for smart bomb which
should be coming out pretty soon yeah i actually did play another game
what else i played the uh midway collection and played tempest on it
uh wait a minute tempest is in the midway collection
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Isn't it?
It'll be Atari.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The Atari one.
I'm sorry.
Atari.
Whatever, whatever.
Yeah, I played Tempest on it, which was pretty cool.
Cool.
Yeah, you-
Tempest is awesome.
You just go back and forth, just like with the trackball.
Tempest is awesome, but Tempest 2000 was better.
It's all about the music in Tempest 2000.
Let's see.
Super Zapper Recharge.
Let's see.
What else?
What was my gaming week like?
You know, I did one of these interesting things where I bought a game without actually having the console.
I don't know if any of you have ever done this.
I actually bought a copy of luminous this week, even though I personally don't own a PSP yet because I'm poor
My friend actually went and we were out and about the other night and he decided he wanted to get a PSP
But he couldn't really afford because you know when you go to buy a game system you buy the game system
And then you buy the game and the memory card and then whatever else goes with it
So pretty soon you're making a pretty big investment
You can't really get a PSP for 250 you have to put in 350 if you want to get you know
Everything good with it
So he decided he was gonna buy it all but he was only gonna get one game
He decided to get dark stalkers and I'm like, dude, you can't have a PSP and not have luminous
So I was like, you know what? I'm gonna buy luminous. I'm gonna get a PSP soon enough
So I bought luminous like the sucker I am and so I let him borrow it. I
Don't know if any of you guys have ever done that before but that's um, this is crazy me I guess I guess I had
them
Money to burn and I don't know why I would buy that and just not buy a PSP, but whatever
it was a moment of weakness, what can I say, but at least I have a copy of Luminous now.
Also this week I got to go to my very first video game premiere, which was kind of cool.
It was a party for Red Octane's In The Groove, which is kind of, it's very, very similar
to Dance Dance Revolution, and in fact if you are a member of the music gaming community
you probably have seen these debates going back and forth, is In The Groove too much
like DDR what all those arguments aside I had a really good time at the show
which took place in San Francisco they really know how to throw a party it was
great open bar and everything the game itself looks very smooth and made a
great transition from the arcade to the home version I was very impressed with
the new dance pads that showed up as well red octane's new afterburner pad
awesome so I was pretty happy with that so if you are a fan of in the groove
you're not gonna be disappointed by the home release what can I say and that was
pretty much my gaming week not a whole lot else outside of that that I haven't
already been playing and talked about on a previous show so why don't we get into
some gaming news first off since we're talking about the music games and a lot
of people know us because of our music and gaming affiliation that our 24-hour
stream has over on live 365 there actually were some leaks this week that
DDR extreme 2 and ultra mix 3 are confirmed and gonna be shown at e3 this
And it's pretty cool because UltraMix 3 has some interesting new modes in it, such as
Quest Mode, where it sounds like you're going to have a story where you go around and meet
other DDR characters.
Kind of a first for a home release.
Should be interesting.
Logan?
Yeah, I've been actually asking for that, you know, I think it'd be interesting.
I mean, I've played Quest Modes in all the weird games, like everything from Tabal to,
you know, Gun Bullet 2 or Point Blank 2.
How bad can it be, huh?
dance dance dance bad I don't know we'll see
I don't even remember dance dance dance old um let's see also
extreme 2 getting a lot of raised eyebrows because
the article that was leaked on game pro confirms that
genie in a bottle and oops I did it again are gonna be in it
and a lot of us some hardcore music game fans are like
oh god oh god no oh god but we're kinda hoping that
those are the only two really really commercial songs in it to sell the game
and then the rest are gonna be like cool
uh... new stuff you know from not well-known artists you know
we'll see they confirm that it was a purple interface
we don't know you know we don't know inside joke
uh... let's see
also red octane announcing not only the publishing in the group they're into a
new harmonics game later this year guitar hero
so
now you can dance at home and you can play the guitar at home
how cool is that
And you can sing at home. You can be a one-man band, dance, sing, and play the guitar, but not all at once, unless you have multiple systems.
That would be pretty smart. No, think about this. That'd be really cool. Land-wise, to link these games together for, like, you know, kind of like they did with the arcade with Drummania and Guitar Freaks,
to be able to land these like different games together or whatever and be able to play like
a song you know one person sings the lyrics the other person plays the guitar the other
one you know does you know whatever you know a keyboard or something why don't they do
that that this is what they need to be doing i i wouldn't complain it'll be kind of neat
it's my idea pat and penny all right um let's get into some game news tonight uh starting
off we'll talk about something music related not necessarily music game related but the
other way around game games music that the music from the games they're going
to be doing a tour called video games live this is being put together by Tommy
Tolarko who you guys might know from the television and other stuff he's done
music for games ready g4 man and the Clear Channel music group are putting
this thing together it's going to be starting off with a July 6 show at the
Hollywood Bowl and it'll go on some other venues announced in Denver and
Boston they'll be doing some music playing Halo Metal Gear Solid music and
then interestingly enough they also mention Donkey Kong and Pong. Pong didn't
have music did it? I have no idea what they mean by music from Pong but it's in
there so go figure. Also interesting to note Final Fantasy will have its music
played even though Final Fantasy is doing their own concert so I don't know
if they had the license or whatever they're doing they're being sneaky but also they're
gonna say not only is it the orchestra playing the music but choirs and laser shows and footage
of games freaking laser shows oh goody laser shows it'll be all it'll be like you ever
been to one of those shows where they play Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon to Wizard
of Oz no freaking lasers are they ill-tempered video games anyway so that
should be interesting do you guys have any interest in checking this out I know
I'm going to the Final Fantasy concert as is Loki the more friends does this
sound like something we ought to be getting tickets for to or no no I'm
going to the art show thank you and then I'm going clubbing and then I'm getting
some chicken and waffles no but this is not taking but this is something that's
in the country it's not just e3 so that being said would is it something if
hypothetically if this came to san francisco would you go no if somebody
drives me i would not go because tommy telarco is attached to it tommy telarco
for me is like bobby flay on the goddamn food network and for anyone that knows
me you know how much i hate bobby flay i will actually sit there and watch
bobby flay's show and scowl at him the entire time even though he can't see me
through the TV, but I will do it anyways. And I friggin' hate him because he's a little
whiny bastard. And guess what? Tommy DeLargo is a little whiny bastard just as well. He's
the Bobby Flay of G4. Are you calling him out at the bike racks after school? I think
you are. You know, I don't care. That's fighting words, Loki. He made, he made, you know, game
music a long time ago. Good for him. You know, wow, he had a job. Okay, now he's reviewing
games for G4. Guess what? I don't care.
Another thing that most of us don't care about but it's worth mentioning anyway, MTV's Movie
Awards. Now you might be thinking, what the heck do movie awards have to do with video
games? Well, I don't know, it's just like what the heck does music have to do with MTV
anymore? Good question. Well, MTV Music Awards, I'm sorry, the Movie Awards will be adding
a category best video game based on a movie that is great the nominees for
best video game based on a movie spider-man 2 chronicles of Riddick
escape from butcher Bay Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Van Helsing and
the Incredibles I'm sure that the game for Van Helsing has to be a lot better
than the movie I'm sure it was too I wasn't much I did not play a single one
of these games no I take that back I played it like 10 minutes of Harry
Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban it's about it because I have all my friends
are Harry Potter geeks absolute Harry Potter geeks not that that's bad I'm
just saying they're geeks I only bought one Harry Potter game and it was awful
but it seemed like it was based more off the book than off the movie I was not a
fan of the why is in Grand Theft Auto nominated because it's best video game
based on a movie
vice city was based on uh... miami vice now when he shown will have based on
miami vice and it was also based on uh...
uh... god uh...
uh...
alpachino movie uh... scarface scarface exit
i think unfortunately it's a little bit of a stretch um... there
thankfully they wouldn't they didn't do best movie based on a video game maybe
Maybe they were going to try and do it, but then they realized, gee, what came out this
year?
Um, Alone in the Dark, Resident Evil Apocalypse, um, what's the other one?
Was there another one?
There was another one?
The, the, the island one.
Alone in the Dark.
Alone in the Dark.
And then they thought, we really want to give an award to one of these crappy games?
Please do not, do not, I don't want to hear award winning Alone in the Dark.
Yeah, that would be horrible.
No.
No, we don't need that man making any more movies.
Speaking of movies,
what do you think about this, Loki? The PSP UMD format has been cracked.
You can now read the files off of the UMD disks for the PSP.
And this is, let's see, coming off a story that actually in Gadgetran
that they did this, and now ISO's popping up all over the internet.
What do you think? There's three of them. There's Wipeout, the USA version,
there's Ridge Racer, the Japanese version, and then there's
some other tower of some...
vampire chronicles, the gas tower.
I already have the ISO for the white belt.
Yeah, but what can you do with it? Because the USDs are in those little case
things and you can't really burn...
it was kind of smart what Sony did there. I bet they did it just to combat piracy.
Well, here's what you can do with it, okay?
You can take the files and try the reverse engineering,
which is going to be close to impossible. You can rip some of the, like,
I'm sure some of the graphics from it, but that's really useless crap anyways, you know.
You can look at, there are individual files in there that, they're basically these files
called ELF files or whatever, and they're basically like executables or whatever, and
you can probably try to create something out of that.
Basically the whole reason I think that they ripped Wipeout is because they're looking
for the web browser.
Wasn't ELF a band?
Forget it.
E.L.O., Electric Light Orchestra.
Or maybe I'm thinking EMF.
Never mind.
Whatever.
Anyways.
But this is just a step, because later on this week actually, or last week I should
say, right after this story came out, they actually announced that they had run code
on the Japanese PSP, the version 1.0, because all the US ones are shipped version 1.5, where
the hole is covered but basically this guy who actually has one of the development kits
he created his own like you know hello world program and it runs off of a memory card.
Any other interesting hack stories going on?
Yes the Nintendo DS we've been saying it you know and there's actually you know the joke
out there about installing Linux on Dead Badger, but now it's Linux for the DS, that's right.
They have successfully booted a kernel on there, and for those who don't know that's
like the operating system type of thing, and are actually running this shell called SASH,
and simple text games are on there, so you know, all those old like, you know, things
Zork or whatever you know that type of thing
uh... but yeah there's some information on that on the mod gods dot com they have
a whole thing on it and uh...
I don't really follow the Linux thing that much. That would only be cool if Zork was one of
the text games that they ported
then I might consider. They have Zork as a 404 message
I don't know but anyways
uh... yeah that's what's going on there it's still you know
I think it'll be cool because just because you can do an actual like soft
keyboard on there
using the touch screen and, you know, versus, you know, trying to
type on the
the PSP is just crap. Honestly, I hate to say it, but nothing is cool on the DS
right now. Honestly, I'm getting to that point where I'm getting really fed up with the lack of
quality games on the DS right now.
It's sad.
I don't know what else to say. Nintendo better impress me at E3 or I'm not even
going to talk about DS anymore.
Might be just selling mine.
We'll see.
Well, there are, there is hope.
Bomberman is going to be coming on to the DS, and that's kind of an interesting concept,
because they're actually going to have eight-way wireless multiplayer, only one game cart needed.
So that's kind of neat.
Because there are eight players, they'll actually use both DS screens during the game to kind
of spread things out a little bit, because it might get kind of crowded with eight people
on one screen.
So it should be interesting, hopefully can restore my faith in the DS a little bit, we'll
see.
nearest school Super Bomberman 2 was I'll get I'll have it
well June 21st is the date we'll find out all right um let's go ahead and let
Dark Sakura present her advice column because you know we here at Orange
Lounge Radio we're not just here to talk about games but we're also here to
better your life because if we talked about video games all the time we'd have
no time to go out and get our hair did so Dark Sakura it's your turn to give us
What are you going to talk to us about tonight, my friend?
Today's advice is how to treat a severed limb.
Number one, locate any individual bleeding arteries on the stump.
Two, pinch off the large arteries.
Three, apply a tourniquet. Choose a strip of material at least an inch wide.
Tie it around the stump as close to the end as possible so it will not fall off when tightened.
tie it moderately tight tighten just enough to stop most of the bleeding
keep pinching the arteries. Four, tie off the ends of any blood vessels being pinched
use fishing line dental floss or heavy thread and a sewing needle if
available to
carefully tie off arteries. Five, clean the stump thoroughly.
Six, loosen the tourniquet. As pressure from the tourniquet decreases check your
ties
if bleeding is just moderate you can remove the tourniquet. In order to preserve
tissue at the stump do not leave a tourniquet applied for more than 90
minutes.
Seven, dress the stump. Tightly cover the end of the stump with clean cloth or gauze.
Now my final advice though, is stop playing with those branch cutters.
Clean the stump thoroughly.
Well yeah, you don't want any axe shavings on it or something.
Ew.
Or chainsaw oil.
You know, now I'm thinking about the end of Fargo and I'm getting all grossed.
I've never seen that, but you know, they had on a...
Well, I just wrote it for you, but it's alright.
Like I'll ever see it.
But you know, they had on the Darwin Awards.
There was two guys' brothers and they had this bright idea that one would cut off the other's leg with a chainsaw.
Hilarious!
Well, of course he died.
But not if he had heard your advice. Maybe he wouldn't have died.
Nah, I doubt it. He cut through a major artery in the leg and that's one of the ones that's
like
cutting your, you know, one in your neck. I was just trying to promote your column over here.
You know, but I still don't like stupid people to breed, so. Yeah, really your column will do no
good for stupid people.
So anyway. This is how to preserve the lives of intelligent people.
Um, let's talk about another big story that was going on in the gaming world.
Namco has merged with
Bandai Bandai has bought Japanese developer and publisher Namco
very interesting it's gonna be named the new company
Namco Bandai Holdings and it is official as of September 29th
2005 and I believe this makes them the
third largest, don't quote me on that third largest gaming company
well you know this also means huh that means that what we get out of this
is a new Dragon Ball Z game with the Tekken 5 engine
be interesting but I don't know I always thought maybe this is me personally
maybe I'm just not
giving enough respect to Bandai but I always kinda preferred what Namco put
out so I'm a little
sad that Bandai bought Namco and not the other way around. If you play imports though it's
all about Bandai
They put out all the DBZ games, Bonpresto put out
this game that it's a lot like Guardian Heroes. Maybe that's what it is because I
play some imports but I don't play
a lot you know this means so hmm that in the next Tekken game
you might have a hidden character that is Hello Kitty
that's true you may have a
Goku in Tekken if we can have Gon in Tekken 3
just think about it. I'm not going to hold my breath for Hello... That's Maru in Tekken 5
Hello Kitty fighting game the concept kind of
scares me a little. I think it would be awesome they really need to do that
It would just be cool.
I choose Twinkle Stars as the Twin Stars!
No, what would be great is to do the Hello Kitty fighting game and make it as violent as like Tekken 5 or something.
The Twin Stars would be about as effective as the Ice Climbers in Smash Bros. Melee,
and everybody hates playing the Ice Climbers. I don't know anybody that didn't play the Ice Climbers.
No way! Dan plays the Ice Climbers, and he's awesome with them.
Well, he's a freak of nature or something, because nobody's good with the Ice Climbers.
But we have Ice Climbers on our nest.
Oh, dude, that game was awesome. Don't get me wrong. All right
If you guys have any feedback on our show you want to write us and tell us that you are a nice climbers player
I don't know
Send us an email to go to at orange lounge radio
calm and
We might read some of your letters on the show now one thing that we have been getting in the mailbox
Is that we have been getting a lot of response from folks overseas actually. Yes, we have
Yeah, actually as a result now weíre going to start covering a little bit more of the
UK Europe news for them.
So letís start it off, Dark Sakura you have agreed to kind of head up the UK scene, so
whatís going on for our friends overseas?
Well first and foremost because I know thereís been an issue of debate because for a while
there was one thing being said by Sony and Amazon had a different date for the release
dates of the PSP.
Now both of them are completely in sync.
The PSP will be available for 179 pounds on 1st of September.
It's going to be a value pack that consists of the system, a pouch, 32 megabyte memory
stick duo, a battery pack, headphones with remote control, AC adapter, wrist strap, cloth,
and a sampler disc.
You can also go to URPSP.com, Y-O-U-R-P-S-P dot com and order a copy of Spiderman 2 that
will be shipped to you for free.
Amazon UK is taking pre-orders at £179.
I also do have a few release dates for GameCube.
This month coming up on the 20th we have Fairly Odd Parents Shadow Showdown, an Animaniacs
game with an unannounced date.
Dude, they're still making Animaniacs games? I didn't know that.
I don't know why. No one watches that anymore.
Is it even on TV anymore?
No. Actually, yeah.
It must be big in Britain. I don't know.
June 2005 for GameCube.
Donkey Konga 2 hitsong parade.
Ah, very cool.
Medal of Honor, European assault.
Killer 7, Batman Begins.
Something struck me as ironic about the European assault game.
Why do you think I snorted?
Yeah, I know.
July 2005, on the first we have Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 4 Lockdown.
Um, lastly they're on fourth quarter, we have Rats, Rock, Angels, and Prince of Persia 3.
Oh, hurrah.
Um, next up, next system, we have, I mean, close this window.
Okay.
Next up on, uh, PC, we have, uh, Star Wars Galaxies Episode 3, Astrons Call 2.
Um, that's on the, on the sixth, uh, coming up Space Rangers Imperial Glory,
Sea Tycoon 2 Bard's Tale on the 27th. Skip it. And next month we've got Roller
Crusher Tycoon blah blah blah and more blah blah blah blah blah. And second
quarter ER the game. And Seven Sins is coming out. Seven Sins is coming out yes
indeed. Wait but she's reading the British chart right now. That's coming
out though too. Okay Seven Sins. This game has a mini game where you take the
woman's nipples and they're actually the analog controls and you can play around
of that it's awesome okay next up we have for the Nintendo DS the fifth we
have Star Wars Episode 3 we have Yoshi's touch and go on the six pack picks on
this way Yoshi's touch and go 27 need for speed underground to June 2005 we've
got another DS that's a temporary title ultimate card games anything else coming
out good golden I in July Bomberman DS on the 1st of July and August
Puyo Pop Fever, which just came out here.
Yeah, which I have to get because I am a Puyo Puyo fangirl.
Now see, this is the nice thing for you folks overseas now, you know, whereas for us
in
here in America it's kinda interesting to hear the delay of games
unfortunately, you know, sometimes we bitch and complain about how long games
take to come over from Japan, but man, you know, you're in Britain, you gotta wait for the
PAL translation and everything, it takes forever.
So we kinda get to hear about that, but it's kind of interesting if you're on the
other side of it and you're in Britain listening to this,
we can already tell you which games suck so just skip them and I'm telling you
don't buy polarium don't you know I'm also
just to mention Castlevania DS will be out third quarter
for the PS2 I'm just gonna pick out the stuff that doesn't look really sucky
Ghost of the Shell standalone complex on the 6th
Tenchu Fatal Shadows Seven Sins which we were just mentioning
Alien Hominid for PS2 coming out on the 27th
hasn't that game been out here for like two years no not even two years
NARC is to be announced we have June 2005 destroy all humans Batman begins
Medal of Honor Yu Yu Hakusho dark tournament and King of Fighters maximum
impact which I'm actually going to be getting very soon because I like King of
Fighters um last two sections to go Xbox Star Wars episode 3 blah blah blah area
551 alien hominid WrestleMania 21
next month Capcom fighting jam
Destroy all humans cold war conquer
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and
Later on there's gonna be some worms
Whatever, you know my fiance really liked worms. Oh, yeah, there's cricket 2005
Awesome. Yeah
And last but not least on the Game Boy Advance, we have Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories coming out.
Finally you guys get that. Good job.
Herbie Fully Loaded, which is, you know, Herbie Lovebug.
Koala Brothers. Next month WarioWare Twisted,
Mega Man Battle Network 5, Dragon Ball Z Advanced Adventures, Mario Party Advance,
Batman Begins.
July we have Fantastic Four.
And coming up fourth quarter is Prince of Persia 3.
That's... Oh, and they get the Shaman King eventually.
Alright. Yeah, speaking though of
our email. Yes. We actually did get some good email.
Lee wrote in and said that we make his LA drive a lot easier to deal with.
Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. And also heard from
Tommy who says he enjoys our podcasts and
you know, that we hold his attention. So hey, if we can hold your attention...
if we can distract a gamer from the games just for long enough that totally
is awesome yeah great you for writing in thank you we appreciate the support you
guys are awesome that's great all right um let's see the Xbox 360 we've got news
on that it is coming out in November basically what happened is that Bill
Gates was kind of the one that accidentally spilled the news on that a
little bit MTV's confirming it November is the month for the Xbox 360 and early
Pictures have been leaked and are hitting the internet. Of course that MTV special is this week
I probably won't be watching because you know, I we're we're lucky enough to get to go to e3 next week
So let's check it out then
but see folks on honestly if they've they've made the console bigger
But why it's it's white and virginal it is it is bigger it looks the size of now
now my Comcast receiver and that sucker is huge. I mean, that's like, this is like one
and a half Xbox size-wise. It's almost, it is almost the size of a PC case. Alright.
Well, we'll see what happens with that.
That's maybe because it is a PC.
Oh, and guess what? They came up with a brand new original idea for a webcam. My ad is very
ugly and their brand new controller has like a trackball in it there's some
people are seeing trackballs some people are thinking it might be a gyroscope oh
that'd be kind of weird so when you tilt the controller does weird shit but
honestly I think it's just a little stupid logo thing that probably does
nothing all right let's move on and talk about a story that affects us we
actually based our show out of California there's an interesting build
going on in California, it will ban the sale of violent video games to minors, and the
law so far has passed review by a 6-4 vote, which means now it goes to the assembly.
After the assembly, it goes to the Senate, and if it passes both there, which we kind
of expect it will, it means that it will be illegal to sell violent video games to minors.
You know what?
It's ridiculous.
All this is, is another example of parents not doing their damn jobs and expecting the
government to do it for them.
That's the only reason this is going to pass is because of their lazy asses.
They're wanting...
That's why we have censorship.
That's why the FCC is as rampant as it is these days, is because they do not want to
take responsibility.
If you're going to breed a child, they need to make you sign a fucking contract that says,
I am going to raise my child and have some type of control over what they do.
That's what being a parent is, it's not about lobbying the government to do it for you.
That's called being fucking lazy.
I don't have a, I don't know, I'm like, I totally see that point of it, and I'm not
saying this is something that like needs to happen, but it's kind of one of those things
where it's like it doesn't totally bug me because, you know, we shouldn't sell violent
video games to minors, but I think you're right, where the parents have to really have
a more active role in what their minors are buying, really, so...
You know, it's good, I think having the rating system is good, because then you're giving
them a way to understand what type of game it is that they're purchasing for their child.
But I find it very interesting that they will pass a law for this, however, they've never
passed a law that says a movie theater must make sure that there is a child 17
or when a child 17 or younger is coming in there is a guardian with them or they
will be arrested because that crap happens all the time where kids get into
R-rated movies so why are you picking on the video game industry I don't know
maybe there is a law on the books but you and I know nobody enforces that law
when we were kids we got an R-rated movies all the time but the thing is is
And this actually is directly affecting, you know, my life because my fiance manages a
GameStop.
You know, what if some kid comes in and one of his employees sells the game and then it
gets back to GameStop corporate when their parent raises a big fit on it and they fire,
you know, him as the manager.
Yeah, it's just...
You know, this is just more of a case of people sticking their nose where it doesn't belong.
You know, if you want to stick your nose somewhere, shove it right back up your ass where it's
been for the last 50 years it's a very passionate subject for you all right
we'll probably get some emails on that one good job all right I welcome emails
on that okay all right just I want to hear from your parents and I will tell
them exactly how I feel and why they're being retards happy Mother's Day by the
way happy Mother's Day all right um let's move on to just a couple of last
stories here ever quest 2 is expanding there's a brand new expansion pack
coming out called desert of flames ooh 40 new creatures 12 new zones and you
can advance to level 60 30 bucks for this pack coming out September 12th the
only reason I bring this up is because I wanted to mention that I saw ever quest
2 for sale at a big store here the other day and it was only 20 bucks and I was
kinda tempted and then I was like dude it's ever quest I know that's how they
get you but you know before we know you'll be slash pizza eating all the
time you know the MMO I really want to check out because people are not
shutting up about this and everybody I've talked to says it's fabulous
Guild Wars I kind of want to play world of war crack yeah I've heard things
about that too but Guild Wars is now the one I'm really hearing about I have to
say I'm kind of sort of interested you know what I'm just waiting for Ragnarok
two to come out and I'll be happy.
We'll see.
And lastly, one last story.
Dark Sakura, we've talked about import gaming, especially on our live three-hour program
that we have Sunday nights over on OrangeLawsRadio.com.
We've talked about places where you should buy import games and places where you should
not buy import games because we're into import gaming.
What types of sites on the internet would you recommend?
And keep in mind we're not being sponsored by anybody.
This is just personal opinion.
What sites would you recommend?
NCSX, first and foremost, Japan Video Games.
Play Asia has been decent to me.
I do know people who have had problems with them.
I actually have had good experience with Lixang, too, but NCSX just sits at the top of all
of them.
Japan Video Games is another pretty good one.
It's where I ordered my Beatmania to, not my Drawmania.
They're the only import company I've bought from, actually, and I don't have any complaints.
They're good.
Okay, but if you say there was one that you would never recommend to anybody and you would
say forget it, don't ever do this, what would you say?
Buy right.
And why?
They have stolen money from me, not delivered, promised product.
I ordered and I specified Japanese Tekken 4, they sent me the Asian release and then
when I emailed them and said, we didn't make any such promise.
Well guess what?
The Better Business Bureau and the North Carolina Attorney General's Office have taken action
against BuyRight Video Games and they have closed their doors and ceased operations as
a result.
BuyRight Video Games of course sold used antique and imported games and they were doing refurbished
systems and stuff but it's interesting because if you check out the website fatwallet.com
a bunch of people were just complaining about this, they've been complaining about just
what Jamie said there, bad service, misrepresenting themselves and stealing your money.
So one quote said that they ordered a Saturn and it was cracked, Soul Caliber didnít work,
crazy.
Better Business Bureau says this, ìBased on BBB files, this company has an unsatisfactory
record due to unanswered complaints concerning delivery problems and product dissatisfaction.
The Bureau has processed 414 complaints about this company in the last 36 months.
Are you one of those?î
Yep, no, actually, um, no, I actually never got my thing to the Better Business Bureau don't I have the letter prepared
I'm actually I was gonna
I'm actually hoping that they are doing a class-action lawsuit because I'm gonna get in on that
Hmm. Well, this is interesting too is that on April 12th the North Carolina Attorney General's Office told by right video games
Basically to request that they do not take orders
inform customers of the business status and they have to provide a telephone
number for customers to contact them in case of complaints well guess what they
didn't comply because as of April 26th they shut them down good interesting so
we say good riddance I want to email them and gloat so that's gonna do it for
another podcast any parting words from Loki over there who's been kind of quiet
this last bit of show what was the thing about the two guys that were making
movie oh I ended up skipping that because we're running long but I'll
mention it real quick Clive Barker John will getting together to do this project
it's called demonic and basically what it is they're gonna be simultaneously
doing a next-gen console game and film at the same time so John will it's
interesting because he's been getting his hand in a lot of video games movies
lately not just Metroid spy hunter and now this so hey better him than you a
Ball as far as I'm concerned.
Five Barker, that's just awesome.
So this should be interesting, it'll be a horror action game.
But that's interesting because in 2006 we should also be getting the Silent Hill movie,
so we'll see, we'll see.
Silent Hill movie.
Alright, are you happy I brought that up now?
Loki?
That's fine.
Alright, parting words?
It's hot in here.
Alright.
Dark Sakura.
Reject false icons.
And my parting words are visit the website orangeloungeradio.com and subscribe to the
podcast.
Don't just listen to it online.
Check out our website and figure out how to subscribe because in two weeks, E3, we will
be providing you podcasts every day we're there.
So we're going to give you the news as we get it.
It's going to be awesome.
So check it out and have a good one you guys.
Thanks for tuning into us.
See you next time.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio to Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
