Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of May 30th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast host for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello once again everybody, and a happy Memorial Day week to you guys.
Hope you had fun with your three-day weekend.
Some of you guys downloading this on Monday.
Maybe you're still enjoying that three-day weekend.
Let us not forget the veterans that gave us this day
and fought for our country.
Don't forget the masses of the retail.
Those who have to work on Memorial Day.
That too, that too.
The voice you hear back there is my lovely co-host,
Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
Yeah, yeah.
My name, of course, being Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
Yeah, yeah.
And that other guy over there in the corner.
Say hello to Loki.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Who cares?
Boy, you guys are very agreeable tonight.
Yeah, whatever.
We're all here, live in the flesh, in the fresh.
In the frat.
I thought you said in the frat.
We're fresh.
We're fresh here at Orange Laundry in the flesh.
Yo, yo, yo.
No Skype in here, because Skype cuts out too much for us,
so we can't do the Skype thing.
Yeah, we're not like from yesterday.
We were freshly purchased today.
Big thank you.
Big thank you, starting off the show tonight.
Before we get into any games whatsoever, big, big thank you
to iPotter.org and the one and only Adam Curry for, I guess,
noticing us this week.
Best hair ever.
I agree.
When I think of the 80s, I will always think of that hair.
But seriously, we got noticed on iPotter.org this week,
which is really weird because we didn't submit anything
over there.
So I don't know if one of our fans did it or what,
but we just showed up on there suddenly.
And usually I'm pretty good about submitting our show
to like Podcast Alley, Podcast Pickle, Podcast this,
Podcast that, whatever shows up.
have a podcast pick yes believe it or not it's it they got podcast everything
it's it's the new thing like a from J inside about podcast poop shoot yes
somebody is probably registering it as we speak but regardless for whatever
reason we never got submitted to ipod or dot org until this week and it was huge
for our traffic so welcome to all our new subscribers just a quick FYI what we
what we do, Orange Lounge Radio, we've been around for like three years, we've
only been podcasting since January, internet radio station that runs live 24
hours a day, seven days a week, dedicated to rhythm and music gaming, but this is
part of our expansion into other video games. We want to talk about other games
and other gamings and video games that don't suck and news that you guys really
want to know about. So that's what we're all about and we just want to produce
for you guys like a 30-40 minute show, something long enough for you guys to
listen to while you're commuting just to keep you up on all the news and all that
stuff so and sometimes we like to argue and bicker back and forth and we do
sometimes we do some things shut up we do bitch we do some things that are
outside of games sometimes as well like dark soccer's advice column which we'll
get to a little later exactly but first off strictly the games welcome back dark
soccer you weren't here last week no I was busy being coma actually I was busy
being submitted to episode 3 so this is the first time a lot of the iPod or
folks get to hear your lovely voice so unless they download a previous episode
that's right which I hope they did what's up how was your gaming week I
played PSO blue burst for like four hours yesterday I quit Final Fantasy 11
yesterday as I quit Final Fantasy 11 finally as well and the clouds came down
and saying and it was pretty groovy and I played um some Silent Hill 3 I'm close
to the end, and then the hospital right now.
Oh, very cool.
You know what though?
You know you're addicted to MMOs though, seriously, when you quit Final Fantasy XI and then freaking
sign up for Guild Wars.
I mean, did I really accomplish anything?
Did you really accomplish anything going from Final Fantasy XI to Blue Burst?
Yeah, but with Blue Burst, it's windowed and I can do other crap while my little Fenerwhirl
is regenerating her TP.
I don't really see it as necessarily leaving one game for another, I just kind of see it
as I'm bored with this toy and I want a new toy now.
I've always gone back to PSO, but when Ragnarok 2 comes out, oh, you better watch.
What is this, the fourth time on PSO?
You got Dreamcast, GameCube, Xbox, now PC.
Yeah, but the Dreamcast one pissed me off because it wouldn't work with the broadband
converter they had.
I didn't own a Dreamcast until years later when they were like $50, and I only bought
it so I could emulate Nintendo games on it.
But then I discovered that Soul Calibur is really cool, and I kind of went back and rediscovered
all these Dreamcast games.
Soul Calibur is all about playing that game with the damn fishing rod.
Because the fishing rod is analog.
And when you sling it, it hits buttons.
The triggers inside are buttons.
So, rod caliber is the most fun ever.
Wow.
like people who play like Tekken with their DDR mats and I tried playing Soul
Calibur with my DDR pad the only analog button on the Dreamcast dance pad is the
Konami logo and it's only left and right that's odd all right all right anyway
any other games you played this week step on the cat that's it is that a
flash game all right no was when sure me is on the floor that gonna be an Xbox
360 launch title and you step on her not very hard and she just flattens herself
like this big ball of cat fat and looks up and goes no okay you can go yeah when
she scatters off Loki step on the cat her favorite thing Loki white games
you've been playing um actually I played Final Fantasy 11 because you all people
Suck.
Oh yeah, well at least I'm not leaving for another MMO, okay?
Sheesh.
I don't know if that's better or worse, but anyways.
So yeah, I have my character who's level 58 now, finally, and I bought new armor today,
just a corpse plus one, because I will not settle for the ordinary armor, I have to have
the plus one armor.
You ever seen that shirt on the internet that says, I'm not a dork, I'm a level 12 paladin?
That's what you're reminding me of right now.
You're gonna be on the street one day with one of those cardboard pieces of thing.
If you want to get technical, I am a level 12 paladin, but I play a level 58 black mage
to be honest.
My bad.
We'll play FFXi for food.
Oh no no, we'll give head for Final Fantasy, I don't know.
Alright, let him finish.
We'll give head for Final Fantasy.
We got news to get to.
Anyways, so I play Final Fantasy, I play a little bit of my cell phone game Worms, yeah
you remember that game Worms?
Well, it doesn't really transition well over to the cell phone a lot of games don't FYI for some reason
I'm like they did he just get pissed off that I'm kicking their ass and they just they just committed suicide
They just walk right off the screen into the water and die
I'm like, what the hell kind of AI is that?
Seriously, this is awesome mobile games now is all about the retro factor or
or it's like bejeweled on your phone.
It's like $5 for this piece of crap, yay.
Bejeweled came on my phone as well. Yeah, so I played that and
that's pretty much it. Really haven't played much as far as games this week.
Alright. Myself, I actually
picked up a copy of Fable because Fable was running
on sale, $30, and it was one of those Xbox games where everybody was like,
dude, if you have an Xbox, you have to have Fable.
You have to have it. Because, like, you know, it's like the one RPG,
classic RPG they have on Xbox. So I picked it up and
it's kinda neat. I really really like the concept behind Fable where you can
kinda forge your own destiny kinda thing. Like it's the first game I've ever
played where you can aspire to be a gay whore
if you want. And the game will still reward you for that. You can have your
twelve houses with
boyfriends if you want. I think if you hang around in the towns too long they chase
you off.
It depends on if you're good or bad, but you can completely play the game as a good guy or you can completely play as a bad guy, so you kind of forge your own path, which is kind of nice.
And you can have the people refer to you as R-Space, because you get to choose your own title later on.
And your character changes in appearance, depending on whether you're good or bad.
Yeah, if you have your arm cut off, they call you stubby or something.
Yeah, graphics, pretty nice, but the only problem I noticed with Fable is that sometimes
it's a little bit skippy, like kind of like has some loading skips, awful long loading
times in between areas though for such small areas.
I'm kind of nitpicking a little bit though because honestly the cutscene graphics are
really great.
I really am impressed with the graphics mostly, but just little skips were a little bit annoying.
The sound is awesome, the sound in the game, it's got its own like original score I think
that was done by Danny Elfman, at least one of the songs, but the rest of the music really
fits into that.
The only problem I had with the sound though is that sometimes it was overbearing.
Like for instance this one scene I'm trying to get trained on magic and I can't even hear
the guy talking because all I can hear is the waterfall behind me.
So the sound kind of gets annoying sometimes, but the score is really great.
Like they could release the score as a CD and probably sell it.
But overall I think the game's kind of fun, it has a lot of fun stuff going for it.
So I'd probably give it like, I don't know, I'd give it an above average score, like a
3 out of 5 stars.
I'm not sure yet though I still gotta really play a little more with it I'm only like two
hours into it so the verdict's still out but I'm having fun with it.
Actually I did get a new game.
What'd you get?
Well Dan bought me Technic Beat.
Oh what'd you think?
I haven't played it yet.
I played it.
Oh well.
I watched you play and I'm like oh Technic Beat.
Tell us about it next week then.
That'll work.
It's still sitting on my desk.
For those just tuning in I give Smart Bomb a 1 out of 5 because it sucks ass.
Why is that?
Because first off, the game has such long loading times and the puzzles are fucking
hard and it makes you want to actually throw your PSP, which is never a feeling you should
have with a PSP because they're expensive and if you throw it, it'll probably break.
So I'm actually returning the game back because I don't want it.
Speaking of the PSP, before we get into game news, this is one I want to know about.
What was that game you were showing me, it was like a pinball game, but you played the
PSP on its side, where it's like vertical up and down with some pinball game?
It's actually this game called, it's two brand new games actually coming out from Hudson.
And there's one, it's a pinball game, which is simply called pinball right now, and you
actually hold the PSP on its right side, so basically you'd be using the triangle and
X button, I believe, and you play it basically vertically.
And there's also another game called Star Soldier, which is going to be coming out,
which is also played that way, just like the old school vertical shooter games.
Star Soldier wasn't that a Sega CD game I don't know I have no idea I know there
was a game actually no I'm thinking turbo graphics duo there was a game
called Star Soldier no maybe this is it and Hudson Hudson Hudson did a lot of
games for graphics didn't they right and they did a a parody version called Star
Parodia which you could play as Twinbee or you could play as a as a Bomberman
because Hudson also did Bomberman or you could play as a flying PC engine I just
think the idea of the PSP on its side is cute I don't know why but it's not
innovative Bondi already did that with the WonderSwan but who how many people
in America played the WonderSwan because you and who else okay now we're gonna
get some emails but like Klonoa on WonderSwan we all know Klonoa it's like
one of the key things that they still need to make more of but you um switch
Besides, when you played that, depending on the level, you'd have vertical levels where
you'd keep climbing up, and you would turn your Wonderswan around and play that way.
So it's not a new idea, but it's something a lot of people haven't seen.
Yeah.
Granted.
So, alright.
Anyway, let's move on to some actual gaming news.
Following up from E3, you guys remember when we went to the Final Fantasy concert, that
guy who was emceeing, he's a voice actor in the game, and he said that he would be at
E3 that Wednesday, because he was the voice of Tidus in the game.
I never saw him there, but of course I wasn't hanging out at the Square Enix booth the whole
time.
But I remember whispering to Loker, I said, I bet you anything, it's about the upcoming
voice actor strike.
Because you know, just kind of the way he was phrasing things and stuff.
And sure enough, game voice actors were out there picketing at E3.
So I guess I assumed that he was going to be in the show.
I wonder if they were picketing using, you know, the voices of the characters and stuff,
because that would be great.
You know, I didn't even see them anywhere.
I might have missed it, but again, the E3 is so packed and crowded, I don't know.
But the Screen Actors Guild and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists
are trying to negotiate a new agreement with game publishers regarding voice acting.
Basically what it comes down to is that right now voice actors are paid a one-time fee upfront
for their services, but no, no, no, voice actors want some type of payment based on
the successes of the game, like, you know, residuals, if the game sells so many copies
we want to cut it.
royalties basically so what do you think is that sound fair they're entitled it's
their talent being lent to the you know it happens to regular stage actors they
still make money off you know like I was watching some special about Greece and
they still get a regular check yeah for any money that the movie still makes
only like a dollar or so but they still get it still something even I think that
the same should apply to the voice actors you know what about the flip
side of this where some a lot of folks say and I tend to think about this a
little bit too where whereas you have the voice actors in movie based games
where the game just isn't the same without the original voice actor take
for instance I don't know Buffy and the Buffy game wasn't the same it wasn't in
it it wasn't the Sarah Michelle Gellar right right but everybody else is there
did that kind did did that one voice not being right kind of detract from the
game I don't know maybe I don't know she sounded just like her well then let me
think of a better example say you were trying to replace Marlon Brando in the
upcoming Godfather game. That just wouldn't be the same, right? I don't know, maybe it's debatable.
Not necessarily. Here's an example, kind of an old example, but Indiana Jones The Fate of Atlantis,
it was not Harrison Ford doing Indiana Jones voice, still felt fine to me.
True. So some folks say that, you know, does it really, really have to be the actual actor's
voice? And the thing is why some people say, you know, you could probably find fanboys and girls
that would be willing to do the voice acting for you for free or for minimum wage. So do you think
do it I know and I said you're going I do it too but I don't know is that a is
that an option can they really break the union thing are they gonna set themselves
up for real comes down to is they need to actually be negotiating their
contract a little bit better that's what it comes down to if you want to get paid
by royalties don't take the job then okay then let me kind of rephrase my
question this way how important is voice acting in a game to you pretty important
since a lot of the games are reliant on that to go along with the visual
especially need good voice acting
but even now I say even when there's bad voice acting you can make a game great
case in point Resident Evil
yeah or Castlevania
psychic zone evil zone that was it
honestly though if the game as a whole were like
a hundred okay the voice acting would probably be fall under about three
to me three points out of a hundred that's how much it paid
you know how much I care about it really is a man good voice acting to me to make
a break a game
I think the voice acting to make a good game better
but I don't think you can save a game I mean a crappy game still a crappy game
you could have
the guy who does all the movie trailers who has the sexiest voice in the world
mister movie phone
or we get the movie phone guy you could have either than the game at the game
sucks the game sucks
you know though especially though for
games that are ported over from Japanese is where they redid all the voices
half the time I expect it to be awful, so I like to be pleasantly surprised when there's
good voice acting in it.
And nowadays, I expect there to be good voice acting, and if there's not, I'm disappointed.
So I think that they should be rewarded for the quality of their work, but I do think
that because they do put so much work, it's acting the same as anything on the stage,
and they should be rewarded for it.
Okay, well I can go with that.
Regardless though, here's the bottom line.
Why do we have to fight all the time, guys?
Can't we all just get along?
How about a hug?
Sorry, Rob, that doesn't work.
How about a hug?
Can't the voice actors in the gaming publishing companies just hug?
Xbox 360 is on the way.
$300 is the rumored price point.
I always thought 360 would probably be what they'd charge for it, you know, ha ha ha,
get it, Xbox 360, 360.
they're still saying that that's a possibility but that 300 is kind of the
target price point for the new system so based on what you saw at e3 is this
worth $300 like yes it was brilliant really yes I paid 300 from my PlayStation
2 might as well I paid 400 for my jps to allow me to be the first to say no I
will wait for the first price cut I am more I've just I'm not really sold on
any of the launch titles yet my opinion could change but there is nothing on the
xbox that's making me go I have to have this system when it launches do I want
the system yes eventually wait wait here here's what's selling it for me all
right what do a volleyball too I know it's not but it's coming it will be good
I'm looking forward to do a for and then I've been actually looking forward to
quake for it looks pretty cool I'm more excited to is on it I'm honestly more
excited about PS3 right now, and so I feel like I want to save my money and get a PS3.
I did also go to the PS3 demo, well you know I'm going to have them both, so it doesn't
matter.
Honestly, when it gets down to about the Xbox 360 time, we'll already have the game room
at my work, and we'll have a 360 there, so I really don't need to buy one.
Here's what I'll bet they'll do, I'll bet you anything this is what happens, although
I could be wrong.
They'll sell the system for like $300, they'll do like a bare bones thing for $300, but if
buy the 360, they'll do some kind of cheap little time where it's like the 360 pack or
something that'll go for $360 and it comes with a game and like Xbox Live for so many
months or something, you know, a pretty controller.
It'll come with a game, it'll come with another controller, it'll come with brand new game
skins!
Woo!
And new power button things.
I do think that they are being smart with how they're combating the PS3 release because
they're going to be doing Halo 3.
Yeah, we talked about that on a previous show.
That is smart.
That is very smart.
Yeah, it is, but I think the hardcore gamer is not going to be affected.
Honestly.
I did stay in line though for both demos.
And I have to say though that, you know, the Xbox 360, I'm really looking forward to a
lot, because not only is it a system, but it's also a multimedia docking station.
And it even showed a picture of a PSP hooking up to it.
Anything basically that's USB firewire is going to hook up to it.
And that lends more use than just a video game system.
meant to be an all-encompassing entertainment system.
Well, I've said this before, the next generation of gaming is about more than just gaming.
How would you like to watch your UMD movies on an HDTV?
You can't watch your UMD movies on HDTV with this thing.
All it's going to be is just, oh look, I can now load my MP3s that I bought with on Xbox
Live to my MP3 player.
I think you're right.
There's a lot more than that though.
It's going to an entertainment system, not just gaming.
They're also showing this one about designing your own shirts on there, having them shipped
out as a t-shirt, and you can sell them through the Xbox system.
They had them on there.
Are they going to be crappy, like a certain nameless site, which does a lot of shirt printing
for people, and then the shirts wash out after they wash out?
I don't know.
It didn't say anything about that, but it's saying, though, that you can market your art,
you can show your designs, you can share, you can create a community real-time chat.
Wow.
Last time I checked, I thought that's what the internet was for.
I mean, why do I have to pay $300 for this console that I can do what, you know, I can
do on the internet for free?
Uh, no, sorry, I'm not gonna do that.
I don't give crap.
A gaming console is a gaming console is a gaming console.
It's not a multimedia, you know, device.
If I wanted a multimedia device, I'll buy a media PC.
Oh, wait, no, I'm not gonna touch that either because they're expensive and you just...
How about a big whatever to all of that?
A system is only good as the games that are on it.
There you go.
There you go.
Of course, though, I was more impressed with the PS3 demo and, you know, I really liked
don't want to be a hoarder Sony but watching Jin sweat just made me all
gushy I know I'm holding out for Nintendo's revolution laugh at me now
but I'll tell you what when those first screenshots come out of Mario and link
on the revolution your boner will be nice had they put forth the goods at e3
I I think I think they could I think that might have shot him in the foot I
don't think it did I already knew it's revolutionary what the controller the
controller is going to be mappable basically it's your it's a custom
controller every game that you play is going to be a brand new controller we'll
see I think that it's going to be like that what was that Atari thing where you
hooked it to your head and then it you know you blink in it makes a move left
you lift your right that's retarded retarded please don't all right all
right Duke Nukem forever forever before it comes out the message boards on Duke
Nukem Forever's website located on their message board they're teasing it
15 enemies supposed to be showing up in there they and they're pre they're
saying they're swearing a ton is done we have hundreds of props you can place in
the world and the artists just continue to pump stuff out all right they're
saying they're gonna show it at next year's e3 huh yeah yeah yeah yeah let's
see the goods people let's see the goods but it makes me sad we haven't had a Duke
Duke Nukem yeah it's like phantom where'd the phantom go that's right it's
not in the trash all right yeah but the gizmondo is still hanging about all
right let's get to the advice column because you know if we sat here and we
talked about games all day long we'd have no time to go out and go to golf
clubs so we have we have to fill your heads with useless or useless I'm sorry
solid information bad MC tonight yeah useful knowledge that you can use out
there in the real world so go outside once in a while or use the games here
you go dark sacral what are we learning about tonight today's advice is how to
survive in whitewater rapids after falling out of your raft. Number one, if
you were thrown from the raft, lie on your back face up with your feet facing
downstream. Two, if your raft is still accessible swim for it and hold on. Even
if it is upside down it can still provide protection from rocks and other
obstacles. Three, be aware of the current and of river conditions. If you get to a
calm area between rapids vigorously swim for the shore.
4.
Be prepared for a hole in the river where water recirculates, creating a whirlpool that
can pull you under.
If you are caught in a hole, plunge your feet down as far as you can and actively swim to
the bottom.
You will soon be pulled from the hole by the current.
But my final piece of advice?
Yes.
Just don't go whitewater rafting.
Go like hiking or something.
At least the bears are kinder.
Thank you for that.
Remember, the bears?
Useful, very useful piece of information.
Everybody on the internet can use.
The bears are more afraid of you than they are of them.
Yeah, sit those sticks at them.
Loki, you were playing the Matrix online for what, like a week?
Yup.
You were a big fan of the Matrix movies, even the second and third ones, right?
I still watch them.
I would have liked the second movie to have been what I read as the preview script.
But apparently they they punked it down. Yeah, so how do you feel about this in the matrix online this week?
They offed Morpheus
I think it's too early to be doing this to be honest because I mean granted the game everyone loved
You know the fact that you know
The main characters were in it and stuff and I thought that they could drag down longer
But it just giving the you know, the basic description of what happened, you know, apparently it looks like I guess Morpheus
I got it. Oh, you got it. Okay. Well anyways Morpheus is basically
one of the plot lines, or storylines through this, is he's searching for Neo's body.
He's trying to get Neo back, because I think he thinks he's alive or something like that.
Anyways, so he's trying to recover Neo's body from the machines, but when the machines refused
to return Neo's remains, Morpheus began rampaging through Mega City, which is the city that
this all takes place in, detonating code bombs strong enough to threaten the Matrix itself.
The machines responded by sending an assassin after Morpheus.
the assassin succeeded and Morpheus was killed.
And basically now there's a new story arc, I guess, where players in the game are now
able to investigate the circumstances of Morpheus' death and participate in the new Matrix saga.
So now they're trying to figure out who the assassin is, I guess.
I guess.
And really there's like three sides to this.
You have like, you have the, you got a weird buzzing, sorry about that guys, alright.
have the Zionist groups or whatever and then you've got the I guess the machines and then
some other.
And the one-armed man.
Yeah the one-armed man.
But basically what it comes down to is at any time during this whole thing they could
just say oh we're going to resurrect him and he's back so you know whatever.
I think it's a little early to do that just because I don't know how long they're playing
the run.
It was his sister.
It's always their sister that kills them.
Well honestly, okay, other than Neo, Trinity, and Morpheus, well guess what, they've killed
off all of them already, so who's left?
So I couldn't tell you.
Jadapinkit?
No.
Alright, let's talk about this article.
I think this one's kind of interesting.
I was looking at Slashdot earlier this week and they actually linked to somebody's blog,
And this is on a site called corpnews.com and somebody is just talking about E3 and
I'm just going to kind of skim through this article, read you guys some quotes on the
blog.
If you want to check this out, corpnews.com slash node slash 37, title's called Where
Have All the Flowers Gone?
And it's saying E3 is no longer useful as a trade show.
And then the person goes on to talk about how they feel that it's just kind of inundated
with so many people there.
the folks that work at the Best Buy, the EB Games, the CompUSA, that it's become more
about these booth babes and showing things off, and that it's not very professional.
The only place that you can find the professionalism is to go to the upstairs area where it's nice
and quiet.
And they're basically saying that a lot of the game companies have gotten a little more
and I'm sorry, I'm paraphrasing, if you want to read the complete story, go to the website.
You're basically saying that a lot of the companies are getting very stingy.
Companies like Vivendi and EA will ask for a name right off the bat before admitting
you to their corporate Shangri-La.
Blizzard was running World of Warcraft media demos on the noisy show floor, and Nintendo
did not even have enough press kits for all media, saying, we only give those out to major
media outlets.
I got one.
Yeah, and I'm thinking Dark Sakura got one somehow.
Major media outlets.
Then again, I did get mine on Wednesday.
Oh, maybe.
Well, we're a major media outlet, right?
Well, the thing is that, you know, once we get our paperwork back, we're gonna be up there.
We can only get bigger.
So, it's good that they're willing to give us, you know, growing people.
Granted, folks, we cover the news, I mean, the gaming news better than, like, say, you know, Fox News or something like that.
Okay, well, us aside, even though I love to talk about us as well, what do you think?
Is E3 still a useful trade show, or has it become a joke?
They've started understanding that it is the everyday people who are getting there, so
they show just enough to get them excited to, it's basically word of mouth advertising
is what they're trying to do.
And then, for the ones who are true media, they're saving the real juicy bits, like when
When I got to play Papakaros, or seeing the new front mission, that was pretty cool.
Or the Call of Cthulhu demo that they were showing, where you talk to their reps, find
out, hey, this is what's going on.
These are our dates.
This is what it's going to do.
This is what our business is looking like.
I do agree that that's why they have those press rooms, so that you can go up and get
Get figures, get the business side of things, get dates, things like that.
See the stuff that they're not going to put out on the main floor.
I really do think that the main floor is a method of advertising.
But that's not always the way it used to be.
If you think about it, it's really ballooned in the past few years and I think that's what
this guy is kind of trying to say because he's saying he's been for like the past six
years and just he's kind of watched this whole thing evolve and that's what I think the core
thing is, is that E3 has really evolved.
I mean, if you think about it, even just like four years ago, did it seem like E3 was such
this big deal that, like, TV stations were broadcasting live and the internet was lit
up with talk and all that?
Sure, you know, you heard about E3 and you read about it in magazines, but was it really
such a freaking big deal as it is now?
I mean, now it's like the holiday of gamers, it seems like.
That's how things are and the companies are catering to it.
I think it's pretty smart on their end.
Yeah, it's interesting.
Loki, any thoughts?
I agree with some of the aspects, like, when he's talking about, like, basically your fry
cooks of the video game industry getting into E3. Granted, there are these people getting
into E3, and this is why you have your three hour waits to go see stuff. It's because of
all these nobodies that are entering into E3 that have really no business being there
other than the fact that, oh, I work for a video game, or a game store, or I work at
a store that sells games.
I think that the retailers need to actually have some sort of signed release. If it's
not management, then you know, the general everybody else
would need like a signed release form to go with it.
You provide that with your credentials.
There's also the people though who get in once
and then every year they get their new invite automatically.
I got mine last, you know, this year the same way.
And do you think that's because maybe the attendance thing
is a selling point of the whole show
so they want more people to go
even if it's cheapening the show?
It is advertisement.
It puts money in their pockets.
things to think about. And there's still all those people who are willing to go out there
and shell out the three hundred some odd dollars it costs for a badge.
I think there will be changes next year. I think it's inevitable there will be
some type of change next year but
who knows, I've been proven wrong before. Alright.
Moving on. I thought this was interesting. 1up.com actually ran this
story earlier this week. I thought it was cute.
80-year-old playing video games. 80-year-old Doris
Self, living in Florida, for Lauderdale to be specific.
She is, I guess, the self-proclaimed oldest gamer.
She was the Qbert champion in 1984 with a score of 1,112,300 points.
She was the oldest video game champ in the world at 58 years old.
Unfortunately, the claim of oldest gamer was lost recently to a 72-year-old
living in New Hampshire, John Lawton.
But now she's being motivated to get back into it.
She says she's sad when she lost the title she held for 20 years
and she got a call from gaming legend Billy Mitchell who offered to loan her
a Qbert machine
to practice and win back the title. So gaming grandma's back to reclaim the
Qbert
throne. I was going to laugh if she was playing Halo 2 or something like that, you know.
I'm going to get you! I'm going to get you in general because I suck at Qbert and I played a whole crap load of it on my Cliquavision.
oh me too can you imagine I mean it's it's bad enough getting fragged by the
12 year olds on Xbox live who then proceed to tease you and you know call
you names can you imagine getting shot by grandma you know what unfortunately
yes I remember back when I had my Nintendo and my mother played it more
than I did granted my mother is only 17 years older than I am but still the only
game I could ever get my mother to play with me was family feud on the Commodore
64 my mom was like freaking awesome at Super Mario Brothers yeah that's all
foreign to me my parents and she regularly kick my ass at dr. Mario but
it's weird because my dad now watches g4 because he loved tech TV and although
he's been kind of ticked off the fact that when g4 kind of ate tech TV all the
shows got lost he still it's like he clings to it so I think because of that
he's picked up all this gaming knowledge which is kind of impressive that's cute
It is cute. It's very cute. My dad's cute
Loki is this gonna be used someday 80 year old gaming grandpa. Yeah
Seriously, I'm gonna have like I'm gonna be the coolest dad on the block
I have my own goddamn video game cabinet
How many dads can say that but I I remember the days before we had this hologram shit
When I am only having I'll be I'll be in line as the 80 year old grandpa
Oh, you're getting free kid fuck that gift for me. I will still aspire
To yell at kids who are taught or who are walking on my lawn while I'm playing the PSP or something
5.0
My future they won't be wearing
All right, let me back my video game a last story for you guys tonight
We actually talked about this a little bit on the three-hour program on orange launch radio.com this week that airs Sunday nights
um this was too funny to pass up though for whatever reason games dot slash dot
dot org posted this story it's about what is your favorite word that's not in
the dictionary and it was a poll run by Miriam Webster I think the reason why
the gaming site felt the need to run this story is that number three was woot
woot I'm surprised pwned isn't on there I'm surprised that too some other
Other highlights.
This list is retarded.
Number one, ginormous.
I use that word all the time.
I do use that.
I use it too.
Number two, confusled, confuzzled, whatever you want to say, confused and puzzled.
And lastly, one I think is too good to pass up, number nine, snurt, snow that is dirty,
which is a word I never heard before seeing that poll.
But then again, we live in California, so maybe that's what it's about.
All right.
All right.
I got a couple more, just real quick.
Oh yes, I'm sorry.
You had a couple stories from another website you wanted to share.
Well, I just want to share these.
The Game Boy Micro, the brand new Game Boy Advance that they're getting you to buy, is
going to be marketed as a media player.
Honestly, why do you really want to watch movies on a one-inch screen, but whatever,
hey.
Okay, it's going to be basically, it's the Game Boy Micro bundled with the Playan adapter,
for those who don't know.
It uses the little SD cards to actually be able to play movies, and it plugs into your
Game Boy Advance Player, or your Game Boy Micro in this case.
So basically, it's a $70 value that they're going to be marking with that, so yeah, two
inch screen movies.
You think that's going to be popular?
I don't know.
I mean, people...
If you want to see what the Game Boy Micro looks like, you can go to orangejonesradio.com
and check out my pictures of E3.
There you go.
Nice plug.
It's so small!
It is really little, though.
I can't imagine playing a role-playing game where you have to read text on it, though.
Oh man, I can't imagine.
Imagine trying to play Fire Emblem on that thing where you have to move your little tiny
characters on it.
I can't imagine.
Anyways, I don't get the Game Boy Micro, but whatever.
I mean, whatever.
There could be worse things, like the Virtual Boy.
It didn't look too bad.
A couple other things, now to go to the PSP side of things.
Heavy.com, those folks behind the wonderful stuff like Pimp My Weapon and The Music That
Sucks, they have new PSP content you can download from their website.
go check that out and that's heavy.com and also on the underground front here
they have the Rin version 1.18 which is the brand new Game Boy Color emulator
and they're working on right now working version of SNES 9x which is the Super
Nintendo emulator to work on the version 1.5 PSP's which are all the US ones
because currently all the ones that they have right now only work on the Japanese
models the first launch ones which are version 1.0 that reminds me of the other
thing I've been playing this week Final Fantasy 6 ROM translated by fans that's
cool stuff I can't believe guys take that much dedication to put that kind of
stuff together that's awesome you know that I've been thinking about getting
back into that I had started on was second and said to three there's I I
couldn't get into that there's a fully translated bomb down to the graphics oh
yeah I heard about that but I played it it's excellent now awesome is playing
the car ranger game.
And the final story I will leave you with is, and this is my thing saying that no copyright
protection scheme is perfect, there will be a loader in the near future to be able to
play games off the memory cards on the PSP.
It's coming.
It'll be here soon and nothing's going to stop it.
Well, them sounds like fighting words.
Alright, if you have any comments or suggestions or fan mails or you just want to say hello
to us send us an email to go at orange lounge radio.com we do appreciate all
those emails and stuff and visit our website orange launch radio.com and
check us out final thoughts you guys Loki I got to get me some more Final
Fantasy 11 time under my belt because I've been slacking lately and my final
thought is it's clubbing time Dark Sakura I reject false MMOs all right see
See you guys next time on the Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition.
