Orange lounge radio to go edition week of May 16th, 2005
Nor to give to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer
Chat now here your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
Hello once again and welcome to the orange lounge radio to go edition your home gamers for what you really
want to know about we're excited because we're packing actually we're very
stressed because we're packing our bags getting ready to go to e3 next week
where we are going to be podcasting each day from the show so you can look for
something on our feed Wednesday Thursday Friday night technical problems aside
hopefully nothing comes up but we think we have something worked out where we're
gonna get be able to podcast every night so we're very excited about that
hopefully we'll have some special guests as well my name is Rob Roberts you might
me is Sky joining me as always my lovely co-host Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi!
Hello, how are you?
Creaky.
Creaky?
What's wrong?
It was just my throat's going.
Yeah, you had to talk a lot more tonight, huh?
Yeah.
During the three hour program.
I had to fill up for Loki's loud butt.
Yeah, Loki is not here taping the podcast with us right now because he actually, this
is interesting, in order for him to be freed up for the week so he can go to E3, he has
to spend time with a woman.
so that's cute though so sweet yeah so hopefully he's having fun he'll be back
of course for the shows live for me three wednesday thursday friday which
he's very excited about as well before we get into tonight's news i want to
state that we're going to be fielding questions for the and I want to give you
the guys the email address you can start sending your questions now because we'll
be fielding questions for our show it's the email address is e3 at orange lounge
radio dot com e3 at orange lounge radio dot com and if you send us emails to
that address you maybe want to know about a certain game that we don't talk
about on Wednesday's podcast send us an email there and we'll go check it out
now we won't be able to do every email but we'll try to get as many as we can
we'll go check it out and give you the answers Thursday or Friday's podcast so
it'd be a great way for those of you guys that unfortunately can't be there
in person to kind of live vicariously through us so before we get into the big
E3 news dark sacro, how was your gaming week? What kind of games? Did you play PSO blue burst?
Just a couple of nights this week me too. Honestly, I can just state my gaming week right here
I've been all about this PSO blue burst beta. It's exciting, isn't it?
You know like that you can resize the window it's all pretty cool I've been really enjoying and it runs so beautifully. Oh, yeah
Oh my gosh, what do you think of PSO blue burst as compared to PSO on the Xbox GameCube, etc?
what are there any other platforms you've played it on I miss the the chat
honestly and yes there just is something about playing PSO with a controller in
front of your big TV with the Xbox and everything a bit overall is not too bad
I do miss you know you don't have on the beta right now we don't have that
access to episode 2 we don't have access to I think it's V harden up but it's
It's kind of hard to bitch too much because it's free right now.
You can play this game absolutely free www.psobb.com and you can sign up for an account and play
and it's free right now through June 10th and of course it'll be one of those things
where if you want to continue you'll have to buy the legit game but from what I'm seeing
so far I'm almost ready to quit other MMOs I'm on to play this more.
This and other MMOs.
I'm about to axe Final Fantasy XI.
I've heard so many good things about Guild Wars 2 I want to get in on that.
I kind of want to try that too.
I think the MMOs are shifting.
Unless some Final Fantasy XI news comes out at E3 that just knocks my socks off, and I
still can't get World of Warcraft to even install on my computer, so I can't even check
that one out still.
I've only been able to watch other people play.
Those games are going to get pushed aside for these new ones if nothing changes soon.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Seriously.
So that was pretty much your gaming week, huh?
Yeah, pretty much.
Pretty much mine too.
That about sums it up.
Let's get into some gaming news this week.
Usually this is kind of a dead week because it's kind of the calm before the storm, and
there's a lot of big secrets still to Comedy 3.
For instance, what is Nintendo going to say about the revolution?
What will we find out about PlayStation 3?
And rumors are that ads are already showing up over LA, cryptic ads about the PlayStation
3.
We'll see next week's show for sure.
But of course, Xbox kind of decided to get the jumpstart by having their MTV special
earlier this week.
Did you watch the special by chance?
I don't have MTV.
Oh yeah, you don't have cable.
I don't watch MTV either, so I'm kind of at the school of thought where I'm just going
to check it out because I'm lucky and blessed where I get to go to E3 next week so I can
just wait.
However, from what I've read on the internet, because lots of sites have been covering this,
you know, 1UP.com, GameSpot.com, all those sites, pretty much no surprises.
A lot of stuff that the speculation, it is the white system, it's thinner.
I was surprised though because the screenshots I've seen, and a lot of people have been echoing
The screenshots that have been released, not that much more impressive than Xbox One.
But I think we have to remember we're still looking at prototypes, and, you know, these
are the launch games, too, so the system can only get better from here, so I am excited
to see what the future brings.
I think all the next-gen systems are going to look damn good, though, so they're all
going to look near video quality.
So I don't think it's going to be a graphical contest so much as it's going to be a quality
of game contest, and...
You know, I was looking at the new releases for the Xbox 360, now that looked hot.
They had screen captures.
What kind of stuff?
You know what? Give me a second.
There was...
You have to ask me where my brains are working.
Are there particular games that you saw on a list that were coming out soon?
That's what I'm trying to remember.
Oh, like Ghost Recon 2, I think?
I didn't care about Ghost Recon.
I'll let you think about it for a minute, but a lot of the stuff that we found out about
Xbox 360 was stuff we kind of already had speculated about.
The power button scan is changeable.
Xbox Live is going to have a gold and a silver platform, so that's good that Xbox Live will
be free for some people.
One thing we're still not sure on though is backwards compatibility.
Nobody's really said one way or the other.
Now there's rumors and there's screen caps out there that are supposed to prove rumors
and everything, but we don't know anything concrete for sure absolutely just yet on that
and that's one thing I'm definitely looking forward to hearing about.
But Xbox 360 looks exciting, I gotta admit, as exciting as Xbox 360 looks, I'm excited
about the competition as well, I wanna see what Playstation and Nintendo have to come
up with as well, it's gonna be an exciting show.
Need for Speed was the one I was thinking of, that one actually looks pretty good.
And I'm actually looking forward to seeing Quake 4.
Oh yes, Quake 4, that's a good one.
Perfect Dark Zero. That was the one.
Oh, those are all very sexy games, so it is going to have a very nice lineup.
Perfect Dark was a Nintendo franchise, though, wasn't it?
Yeah, very strange, huh?
It was on the 64.
But it was a rare game, and I think they parted ways with it.
Yeah, rare is, though, working with...
Yeah, I remember that story a long time ago, so very interesting there.
One other interesting thing, I think, about the Xbox 360 that we heard this week
from Bill Gates himself in Time magazine.
He says, the next version of Halo will not, repeat, not be ready in time for the launch
of Xbox 360, however, it will be a part of the second wave.
The day Sony launches the new PlayStation, they will walk right into Halo 3.
Very interesting counter move.
Because Microsoft wants to get up the jump on next-gen gaming, which some say could hurt
them, this is the interesting twist they'll have, and I think a lot of us have seen this
coming a mile away.
They're going to release Halo 3 probably same week, same day as PlayStation 3 just to punch
them in the stomach basically.
Interesting tactic.
I think for us hardcore gamers that have money to spend, well not that I necessarily have
money to spend, but I'll find money somehow.
I'll probably get all these systems anyway, sad but true.
You know what my house is like.
But let's, the normal person that, you know, can't, you know, college kid that can't afford
necessarily all these systems, it's going to make the decision kind of tough.
I think, I think it'll really depend on Sony's launch titles
and I hope Nintendo's learning their lesson after the DS with launch titles
as well. They need
any stronger launch titles because I was not impressed with DS launch.
Yeah. But hopefully Revolution will have some strong strong launch titles. We'll see.
Very interesting there. Speaking of Nintendo, Revolution is confirmed for
2006, although that may not be the name, it's still the working name.
Revolution is still what we're looking at. 2006, it will play DVDs and they are
saying
backwards compatible they're already saying GameCube games will play good
I think that's a good I think especially with when you think
Zelda is gonna come out now towards the tail end of GameCube's release
Zelda could actually sell revolutions who knows
absolutely and you know the Nintendo way of doing things they'll put something
extra in it if you're on a revolution or something you remember like the
the color Game Boy Zelda's if you play them on an advance you got a special shop
Yeah. All sorts of that kind of stuff.
Um, while we're speaking of E3 and things that we're going to be seeing at E3,
DarkSucker, I'm kind of curious, what things are you looking forward to seeing at E3?
Um...
Uh, the new Katamari Damacy.
Hopefully.
It is, I want to see more on that.
Um...
Really, it's, I'm just going to see what I see as I see it.
I've tried not to read into any of the hype.
I've tried not to look toward anything. I want to go, and I want to be surprised.
Ooh.
And I want the skyline to be back over at the Namco area.
I'm sorry to spoil some things for you on this show, then, but you know I have-
It's fine, I knew it, but I still want to go in and go, oh, you know.
At least you've been staying away from screenshots. That can be a big one.
Except for some of the 360 stuff, because they were hot.
Um, Sega, I know you love Sega.
Sega!
Sega Z3 lineups announced. They'll be showing Phantasy Star Universe, Gunstar Superheroes,
Ooooh, I saw a video of that!
Some titles for the 360, Condemned Criminal Origins and Full Auto. Of course, you can
expect to see a lot of this. Shadow the Hedgehog will probably be the title. They're pushing
more than anything this year.
Yeah, but it's not Sonic.
I know, but that's Sega. Any comments on that? I'm excited about Phantasy Star Universe.
universe I'm all about PSO again now take it um let's see also a story we
were talking about previously you know how Namco likes to license just all this
stuff they license what the peanuts and palm pie all the stuff guess what they
license now curious George although what they've actually licensed here is that
they've licensed based off the new picture that's coming out I didn't even
know this is coming out until I read the story but Universal Pictures is doing an
animated film on Curious George so you'll be seeing something from Namco
in game form a game to coincide with the movies release no doubt that sounds fun
should be interesting yeah should be interesting I don't normally like games
based off of movies although I do wish they make a Kill Bill game but but we'll
see we'll see anyway let's do this orange launch radio we are not just here
to talk about games all the time because if we talked about games all the time we
would have no time to go to Disneyland which by the way we're gonna do this
week that's gonna be we have to take a lot of pictures of Disneyland very excited
about that so to acknowledge that there is more to life than just games Dark
Sakura is here to give you her advice column Dark Sakura what is tonight's
advice column all about today's piece of advice is how to survive if you are
stopped by the police. Wait, how to survive if you're stopped by the police?
Okay. Jackson! Wow, okay. First of all, don't let Sting open his mouth. No! Okay.
Number one, pull over immediately. Put hazard lights on, turn off the radio, and
cut the engine. Roll down the window. Keep hands in plain sight. Make sure your
passenger's hands are also in view. Two, address the officer as officer. Three, tell
Tell the truth.
Do not claim you didn't do it, even if you did.
4.
Don't argue with the officer.
Don't give any reason for the officer to take an interest in your case, which may encourage
the officer to appear in court.
Many defendants succeed in court because the officer is not present.
5.
Choose your test wisely.
If stopped for driving under the influence of alcohol and given the choice of a breath,
blood, or urine test, choose blood only if you're certain you're innocent.
Ensure choose the urine test the least accurate or the breath test do not admit anything
Six contacts a lawyer if you fail any tests in our charge remain silent and call lawyer
What's your final piece of advice?
Is don't freaking go driving a Davis
Nobody outside of NorCal is gonna get that show
Which by the way the police have nothing better to do in that town than pull you over for everything
You know, typically your advice columns are a little out there.
Let's face it, your advice columns are a little out there usually, like you know,
how to avoid the piranhas was one, but this was actually some practical advice.
So, thank you.
You know, piranha advice is practical.
Okay, maybe not for me, but maybe for someone else.
Never know when you're gonna go swimming in a river in Brazil.
All right, well, that was actually some practical advice, especially when you consider that
we're going to be going to LA next week.
Yeah, we'll probably need that.
and the Rodney King thing and all, I mean, who can't we all just get along?
Final Fantasy VII Advent Children has a date.
This is neat. I like this. I like when things come out worldwide at the same
time.
Japan and the US currently being, I think, rumored. I'm not sure if this is
confirmed,
but it does look like we are gonna head towards a near simultaneous release
September 14th in Japan for sure, and I believe they're saying US as well
is gonna hit that day as well. UMD maybe not that same day but shortly thereafter.
So that's exciting. I'm definitely looking forward to Advent Children
and Squeenix's booth at E3 I'm looking forward to as well.
Kingdom Hearts 2 even though I wasn't a fan of the first one necessarily and I
know that sounds... Kingdom Hearts 2 is like
hot. The trailer is... I watched the trailer.
Well actually let me... I like watching
Kingdom Hearts. I like watching people play Kingdom Hearts. I don't like playing
Kingdom Hearts myself because I get frustrated with the camera and stuff.
Supposed to fix the gummy ship. Oh, right made a lot more fun, but it's all about seeing seeing Mickey. Oh
As the king, you know, he's in the trailer and he's in there in the black gear
Also speaking of black Ninja Gaiden black coming out very soon
It's gonna be shown at e3 this week coming out on the Xbox. Of course Ninja Gaiden on the Xbox was
huge it some say it it helped revive the Xbox and kind of bring it up into second
place so very exciting about what is going to be released very soon on Xbox
Ninja Gaiden black so it's gonna have more of like an entry-level difficulty
setting on it a lot of people complain that the first Ninja Gaiden was a little
too hard so that's good a new 50 mission mission mode that should be interesting
and downloadable hurricane packs via Xbox Live. Very interesting, huh?
That's pretty cool. I thought that was pretty fun, too.
Too bad, though, that Kunoichi wasn't as good, or Nightshade, as it was over here.
I'll have to be honest, I didn't play Ninja Gaiden on Xbox. I just heard it was good.
Well, it was pretty good. It was all about dashing back and forth.
Mm-hmm. Xbox Live, you know that they have the arcade thing on Xbox Live where you can
download these games like Bejeweled, Super Collapse...
Pac-Man!
I think, is Pac-Man, Namco Vintage stuff? Yeah, so Pac-Man's in there.
We downloaded Pac-Man once.
Azuma and a lot of those things you'll see on PopCap. It actually, they released their
fifteenth game this week. Crazy, huh? And they're going to be rolling it out into Europe
and Asia. What do you think of the Xbox Live Arcade? For me, it's kind of like...
Pac-Man. Yeah, but isn't Pac-Man old? I mean, don't get me wrong, I have a lot of respect
for Pac-Man, I didn't think it was old. I'm such a retro gamer, it was just cool playing
Pac-Man on the Xbox. If you have any feedback on the Orange Launch Radio 2 Go edition, send
us an email, togo, t-o-g-o at orangelaungeradio.com. Any interesting emails lately you want to
share with us? Give me a second. Well, it's alright, if you don't have any off the top
of your head. Well, no, actually, I haven't really had too much of an opportunity to
to give much attention to it last week because, again, I was getting ready.
I had two weeks' worth of homework to finish in a week.
But it was just, you know, for everybody that we hear from, we have David who goes
by Warrior Bob email on the 10th sent me an email saying that he actually agreed
with my little rant there about how parents should do their job.
Oh yes, your rant last week, I remember that.
I got some feedback on the 1UP.com community too that they were, you know, they liked it
too, so.
Huh.
Well, you know, I know I get vocal, and I know I get really into what I'm saying, and
believe it or not, I'm not like this all the time.
I do get bitchy moments, but I'm not just like, all the damn time, but that is something
I feel very strongly about, you know.
you don't want to piss off Jamie I'm just teasing I cut you but uh but um but
it was cool to get that kind of feedback in here that kind of agreement from
listeners and that gives me a little bit more hope I think that people are
conscious of this now and are trying to encourage other people to start taking
and responsibility for themselves and for their kids.
And also, hates Bi-Rite too.
I hate Bi-Rite.
I told my friend Julie about this,
and we laughed, and we laughed.
So the news last week about Bi-Rite going under,
because Better Business Bureau shut them down.
Interesting.
All right.
This is the audio equivalent of me pointing and laughing.
I think this is actually really exciting news, much more exciting news than people are making
it out to be.
iTunes is now carrying music from Final Fantasy, and when I say iTunes is carrying music from
Final Fantasy, I mean they are carrying like the Japanese import albums.
They're carrying the 220-2002 live concert CD.
They're carrying the original four-disc soundtracks for the later games, Final Fantasy X.
They're carrying the Black Mages album, both of them.
This is stuff you couldn't get in the U.S. before, and now you can buy them on iTunes.
What I think is exciting about this is that this is hopefully going to be a trend, and
we're going to see other game companies start to release their game music legitimately on
iTunes.
Now I know there are legitimate methods out there, but you know what?
not reward the people who bring us the music? And, you know, sometimes getting the music
illegitimately can kind of be a pain in the ass, because, you know, people aren't seating
on BitTorrent or WinMX or NAQ, whatever it is. It's worth the 99 cents just to pull the
song right away, I think. Especially considering that these CDs cost usually twice as much
to import. So that's kind of exciting news. What do you think about that? I know you're
not a big iTunes user, but...
I'm not an iTunes user at all. On the converse, you, you know, try to download a 14-track
CD and you end up paying $14 for this 14-track CD. You know what $14 can do? It can buy me
lunch and dinner. Instead, I can go out, oh wait, I already have those CDs.
But that's how much you'd buy if you bought it at the record store too, you know? Usually
iTunes, if you buy something like an album, it's typically not as if you bought it all
one try. So typically it's a discounted price for the whole album. I don't think I've ever
seen any like above 1299 so it's actually a I was reading some of the
British gaming news it's actually a game coming out I'm interested I was gonna I
was gonna ask you what's going on for our UK fans who are listening what's
going on in the British gaming world I haven't found too much different from
what I read last week and I did however find some news that hip games is
releasing Call of Cthulhu destiny's end hmm as a survival horror game who we
like survival horror games. And where I actually never did read any of the
Lovecraft, you know, stories. I do know of Cthulhu because I've played Call of Cthulhu
roleplay, and I'm actually looking forward to a Call of Cthulhu game. But you can play
as either a character named Emily or Jacob, who go back to this town called
N's mouth to check these ruins there so you are playing as one or the other hmm
and it's supposed to be pretty unique you know I consider if it's if it's
based off of you know Lovecraft it's gonna blow Resident Evil and Silent Hill
away. I love Silent Hill. That's fighting words. But if they do it right because the Cthulhu stuff is
like really freaking spooky I don't know I still love my silent hill I'm so
excited about the movie but no no coke through any release date let me see are
we gonna get that here I hope so that's not just a UK I've never heard of hip
games I'm scheduled to lunch in 2006 this is gonna be next year hope we get
it all right and lastly tonight with e3 coming next week and us podcasting from
there one thing that people always talk about it e3 and you see on the TV
The Booth Babes at E3, Dark Soccer, I know you're excited about the Booth Babes.
I need me some Booth boys.
Well, this is interesting.
Age Tech has launched an anti-Booth Babe campaign.
They believe that Booth Babes take attention away from the games and they want to take
the focus back to where it should be.
They're refusing in fact to have Booth Babes at the show and what they're going to do,
going to hire 10 unattractive women to work their booth. Gee, if I were one of those women
right now, I'd feel real good about myself.
I'd be kind of insulted.
I know, me too. That's kind of like, I'm like with the story, I'm like, okay, okay, cool,
okay, and then I'm like, oh, well, you assholes. Well, whatever. H-Tech, of course, they make
video games and hardware for console systems. They launched anti-boothbabes.com. All they
have right now though is an order form for a free t-shirt but perhaps by the
time you hear this podcast they may have something a little more age text anti
babes as they're calling them they're gonna hand out granny panties that have
age text logos on it that is funny now that's kind of funny see that story goes
like cool suck cool I don't know I don't why don't they just have booth guys
there's a booth boys I don't know I don't get it maybe because the Marines
are gonna be there and that they're considered the Marines are gonna be
there exactly okay I'm I'm I'm gonna try and get my picture with as many booth
babes as possible again this year by the way we have to make like the the Robin
his harem gallery absolutely you know it all right that's gonna do it for
tonight's orange large radio to-go edition remember we're gonna be
podcasting next week from e3 so subscribe to our feed if you don't know
how if you're listening to us on like one of those big websites where they
stream our show through the website.
That's cool, thanks for listening,
but you definitely wanna check out the rules to subscribe
so that you can actually download the shows
when they're released Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
Orangelaungeradio.com, click on Orangelaungeradio to go,
and all the information's there.
Yep, assuming you can read.
Yeah, I hope you can, I hope you can read
and not just listen.
And that's it, it's kind of a shorter show tonight, I know,
but we've got so much we gotta prepare for,
and you know, Loki's not here,
oh, excuse me, and everything,
and we gotta do three, so I'm excited about that.
That's it, my final thought would be,
it's gonna be a wild ride, and I'm Disneyland.
I'm so excited about Disneyland.
Eating at the, whatever, the Boo Bayou place.
I wanna find the Tiki Tiki Tiki room, for one.
But the other thing I wanna find,
I wanna find the place that sells liquor.
Even though it's supposed to be invite only, I don't care.
I'm getting an invite.
Liquor.
Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Reject false icons.
All right, have a good one, guys.
we'll see you next from e3 so excited that's the end of another orange lounge
radio to-go edition this podcast is a proud part of www.orange lounge radio
See you next update!
