Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of May 23rd, 2005.
Welcome to our podcast the orange launch radio to go edition where we talk about games that don't suck
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as sky
Joining me as my co-host Loki. Hello and the other co-host dark Sakura
She is not here tonight because she is coming back from LA the day that we're taping this podcast
She stayed a couple days extra so she could go to Disneyland and stuff. Yeah
Yeah, we actually went a couple days early so we could go check out the more friends concert which happened on Monday night
What did you think of the More Friends concert, Loki?
It was good, but it was littered with technical issues.
Yeah, I kind of thought the same thing.
A lot of sound problems, and I think
whoever was behind arranging the sound and stuff for that show
is going to get canned.
And the real too bad part is that it probably
jeopardizes whether that is going
to happen in the future or not.
You know, it's kind of sad.
I almost feel like because the audience reception was
kind of lukewarm to it, and it's too bad
because they did some amazing things at the concert.
The opera scene that they did was great, and the Black Mages rocked, and that combination
at the very end, they played one wing angel combined, the Black Mages and the orchestra
and the choir.
It was amazing.
Exactly.
It's just kind of too bad that because of the sound issues, when I say sound issue,
I mean like during like Eris's theme and stuff, when you hear that doo doo doo doo doo doo,
you hear like these big popping noises and things like that.
Yeah, the sound of stuff exploding.
Oh yeah, the emcee's mic didn't work for some of it and a bunch of other stuff.
It's just too bad.
It was really sad.
But I mean, overall, it's nobody, no talent person's fault.
The orchestra was great, the singers were great, Uematsu and his band were awesome.
Overall it was a good time.
It's just too bad that some bad sound department can really screw up a show like that and kind
of make the whole thing look bad.
Speaking of sound issues, you may notice we're back to our studio sound.
That's because, of course, we are back in the studio.
I actually had a chance to listen to the podcast we recorded, and
I noticed that the sound quality was a lot lower than what you're used to.
Do remember, you guys, we were on cheap little $10 microphones and a laptop.
And now we're back to having our mixing board and our nicer microphones.
So we hope you guys enjoyed our podcast from E3 nonetheless.
We wanna do it again next year, hopefully do some interviews and
things like that as well just as this podcast continues to grow and if you
haven't checked it out yet subscribe to our podcast and catch up on your iPod or
Doppler or whatever program you use catch up on the feeds and check it out
or you can look at our portal on like podcast alley or podcast pickle any of
those sites ought to have a record of all the shows we have currently on file
it's pretty cool all right let's talk about our gaming week well obviously we
were at e3 most of the week but out of curiosity was there any games that you
played that wasn't an E3, something else maybe you played, Loki.
I played a lot of
Rengoku Tower of Purgatory, and actually the game kind of grew on me just because I figured
out a way
eh, it's kind of good and bad for the game. This is a PSP game, right? PSP game, it's
a Konami game.
It's kind of very similar to say, oh I want to say like
Diablo but not.
It kind of reminded me of Diablo, but basically what it is is you're this sort of Android
thing and you can attach different parts as you're defeating these other androids.
You can attach their parts to you and you can get like, for example, say you have this
one weapon which is a double cloth.
You attach it to your arm, it's actually like a cloth, you attach it to your head, it's
almost like horns or something.
And so I've been going through this game and just kind of basically like leveling up on
each floor.
But the problem is I figured out a way to level up so fast that I'm unstoppable now.
It's kind of a flaw in the game but it makes it fun at the same time.
I don't really know how to describe it but right now I'm really powerful and I figured
out a way to kill everything like super quick and I guess I don't know but I don't really
play much of the game.
There's not really much depth to it. It's just kind of you go level to level and you rise up this tower and I don't really know what the plotline is.
But it's kind of fun attaching all these different weapons to you and you have to think a little bit. It's kind of like armored core in a sense I guess.
But I was playing a lot of that in More Ridge Racer for the PSP, and I was kind of trying
out some of the newer, I'm on the EX tracks now, and once I pass those I have to get to
the pro track, or the, was it max tracks, the max circuits, and those are apparently
impossible to play.
Alright.
I guess my week, pretty much I didn't play a whole lot of stuff outside of E3, but I'll
tell you one thing.
I took a little piece of E3 home with me one night because I actually used the DS download
station to take Meteos back to the hotel and Lankystyle and myself, you might know him
from some of the programs on Orange Launch Radio's live station.
We actually played Meteos Versus because we both downloaded it from the DS download station.
We played Versus in the hotel room later on that night.
So much fun, it's a great game.
I remember back on the podcast I kind of was annoyed with the DS download station the first
day because it was hard to get in there and get anything because it was always crowded,
but you know once you got in there and got something it was a pretty neat concept and
being able to put your DS to sleep, I wish I had still slept the damn thing and I could
still have that Meteos demo, but I'll just have to wait until next week when the game
comes out.
It's a great puzzler, I'm so happy the DS, honestly the E3 really did restore my faith
of the DS I'm so happy because really right now there's not a lot of great
stuff out for it but there's so much good stuff on the horizon I'm very happy
and ten dogs needs to be pushed up to say I don't know next week seriously but
last date we hear for Nintendo as I think was August 22nd so I'm like
anything speaking of e3 let's get into some game news and talk about e3 kind of
the winding down of e3 and everything going on Loki how many people would you
say attended e3 this year and your perception of walking around the show
Way too many.
If you could make a guess.
I would say million bajillion.
No, I don't know.
I'd say probably about maybe 100,000.
I don't know.
A little high, but 70,000 people attended this year's E3 Expo.
To put this into perspective a little bit for you guys, last year's E3 Expo was 58,000.
So that was 12,000 more people at E3 this year compared to last year.
The Los Angeles Convention Center is 547,000 square feet.
So if you think about putting 70,000 people in that,
now granted, they aren't always all there at once,
but still, putting a good number of that in that center,
you can kinda see where things get really,
really crowded at E3.
400 exhibitors, 5,000 products on display for 70,000 people.
Very interesting, very crowded.
E3's dates for next year have been announced.
It sounds like it's bumping up a little earlier
in the month by a week, May 10th through the 12th of 2006.
Yeah, I know.
I've already gotten the bad news.
Oh, you're not going to be able to make it?
Well, I'm assuming I'm not going to be able to make it
because I'm getting married that Sunday before.
Well, that would be a good reason why you can't go.
Yeah, I don't think.
I'm not even going to try pushing it.
I mean, that's just bad news.
Well, a very interesting story actually turned up on GameSpot.
You may not be the only one that doesn't get to go next year.
A very interesting article on GameSpot.
It's kind of a little bit of an interview
with the show director Mary Doelier,
I'm sorry if I mispronounced that there,
talking about some changes that they wanna make
to the show, and a lot of the article talks about
should they make the show public?
And they don't really wanna make the show public,
even though there have been cries to do that for a long time
but trust me guys, it's crowded enough as it is.
And what the director said is, quote,
the biggest headache is trying to keep the consumers
from coming to the show.
Everyone feels that they should come
And there's a number of people that will work at a retail outlet, they'll get a job there
and work there for two weeks, and because they have a pay stub, they think that they're
entitled to come.
So it's very interesting that the director of E3, and we kind of, on our E3 podcast,
we kind of bitched about that.
Some of the people we saw there were from like banks and, you know, stores that have
many departments.
And we know for a fact there were people there that worked in like a lawn and garden department,
but were coming for E3 to look at the games.
So the director of the show is kind of aware of what's going on, so it'll be very interesting
to see if there's any changes to next year's show.
They did reject their saying 16,000 people this year, so interesting.
And of course they're talking about that they will kind of reevaluate things and see what
they should do.
More credentials, that's all it really comes down to is just maybe instead of asking for
one pay stub, maybe ask for the most recent pay stub or something like that, like one
that's only a few weeks old or something.
The final word here in this article from the director.
As far as the improvement side, we'll continually watch the registration and try to set policies
and make sure that we're really letting in only the quality people and staff up with
more registration people to make sure we keep it to just the people who should be here.
Very interesting.
So unfortunately, if you guys are a little bummed that it's kind of hard to go to E3,
it's going to get harder next year.
It sucks too because now that you get in but they want like oh well we have some of the
consumers coming in let's make it all media only I mean yeah so we kind of
complained about earlier so interesting so we'll see what happens with e3 next
year of course there won't be any word on next year's e3 outside of the date
until much later on so looking around the internet there's some other stories
that come up as well one thing that was interesting that wasn't at e3 this year
was the phantom console now remember that they have like a huge booth last
year
at a huge booth showing up the phantom console must be this big thing you
download games online
we heard rumors they were going to be there at e3 this year but
not the same with me folks vaporware
vaporware
i feel sorry for you exactly put money into this thing article on cnn money
quote the company believes based on past performance that there is a high
likelihood that sufficient capital will not be available and many or all of these milestones
will be missed and the launch date will again shift and or the company will go out of business.
There's no market for it anymore because all these new game consoles are coming out.
It's pretty much what it is.
You can download content, you can play games online with your friends.
They're just too late.
They did not get this console out fast enough and even if they were to try to push it out
now it's going to be a failure.
basically I would say take you know count your losses now and just don't or
maybe try to team up your technology with one of the folks that's going into
this very soon like placed I although I doubt something like that would happen
I suppose you never know so there goes the phantom console not gone forever yet
I'd love to take one of those because that'd make really cool case mod but you
know I granted they had a really cool the console look cool I mean it's a lot
better than, say, the Revolution, at least the design of it.
Speaking of the Revolution, the Revolution was starting to feel like vaporware a little
bit as well as E3 because we didn't see a whole lot on it.
We did get to see some early console designs.
They are promising that they will reveal more details about the Revolution by the end of
this year, which makes sense.
They're going to have to, really.
One thing that did happen is that the company's Japanese site for Nintendo actually released
some new images of the revolution and it actually shows the revolution in some
different colors
including, I'm bringing this picture up in studio right now so look you can see
this, there's actually black
and white and then there's like this pinkish color
and this really like barfy yellow color that the revolution is supposed to be coming
coming in. Very interesting. That doesn't look like a Nintendo console to me, it looks
like a PS2, or it looks like a disc drive, it's so weird. It looks like a micro ITX PC case
And honestly, there are micro-ITX PC cases that look exactly like this.
That's the thing.
It's a box.
Ooh, it's a box of the glowing CD drive.
Wow, you went out on a limb to make that one.
Well, we can knock the system until we get more details.
I'm knocking it right now.
It looks ugly.
It's just like you didn't spend any time.
Okay, granted the PlayStation 3 isn't much better, but at least it looks sleek and it
looks nice.
Like it's something that you'd want to have in your house because it looks cool.
The revolution looks like something I'm going to shove next to my VCR because it's small.
What's interesting is that also what you can notice on the console from these screenshots
is you can actually see a flip top that will reveal some GameCube style controller ports
as well as GameCube memory card slots, which makes sense if this is going to be a backwards
compatible system.
They need to have this somewhere on the system as well.
Also the system is supposed to have, of course as we already know, wireless controls and
an internal flash memory so this stuff is all kind of extra but there's that
flip-top there Loki if you haven't seen that vehicle yeah now see now one little
cool thing yeah well that's kind of cool that it's on there still looks like a
box all right so we'll hopefully see a little more on the Nintendo evolution
later on but that'll be cool for case body what do you I didn't you have
something on Nintendo revolution you want to share oh no it's a couple things
first there was an article that came out though saying oh the revolution is going
to be able to run like home brew code on it and everyone's excited, oh yay, home brew
code. Then there's another article that came out and said no, you're not going to be able
to run home brew code. In fact, there's going to be a new digital rights management thing
in place where it'll be impossible for you to run home brew code on it and impossible
of course meaning that it will take a little bit more time to run home brew code on it.
It'll be interesting to see what's going to happen honestly. And you know what's funny
is last night I was trying to download the full videos for, remember that Revolution
thing that was out, you know, with the video and everything.
It's very interesting, that whole video...
The fan video you're talking about?
The fan one.
Okay, the fan-made video.
Well, it's got that case design, though, in it.
And I don't know when that video came out, I mean, but it's got that same case design
with the other thing.
Because we still haven't seen what the controller looks like for the revolution, so...
But anyways, supposedly, you know, but I wanted to get the whole fan video because it looked
kind of cool and there's like five different parts but their website was bandwidth exceeded
so nope but i'll have that hopefully one of these days you know isn't it weird that every time
somebody goes to e3 and this happened to me last year too it's like there's something you
completely freaking missed at the show and you're like how did i miss this i walked the show floor
like four times and i somehow completely missed this well i feel embarrassed that i missed this
one but you know what there's so much stuff that goes on at e3 that sometimes you know you just
missed the most obvious things. There's actually a brand new Mario Brothers game
coming to the DS and I don't mean some Mario franchise, you know, Mario baseball,
Mario DDR, whatever. I'm talking a Mario Brothers side-scroll game is coming out
for the DS. I saw that. What did you think of this? I didn't hear you bring
this up on the podcast. It looked dumb. Really? How did it look dumb? Because it's Mario... The screenshots I saw
look pretty sweet it just it reminded me of like like paper Mario I don't like
paper Mario I've always been bitter with paper Mario because it's not Mario RPG
and they want to say it's Mario RPG 2 and it's no but anyways um no it's just
I if they're gonna do a new Mario game it's got to be old-school like graphics
2d but that's kind of what they're going for is what it looked like I'll see the
The other cool thing I thought is if you remember Super Smash Brothers Melee, there's like that
stage where you actually kind of play like Mario when you're going through like the adventure
mode or something like that.
That was cool.
That was so cool.
Like they should make an entire like GameCube Mario in that regard, but we'll see.
I guess maybe we're just wishing.
Well, whatever.
One big surprise at the show about the Xbox 360, Square Enix is hopping on board because
Final Fantasy XI will be released for the Xbox 360. Rumor was that it was going to have
graphic upgrades, but apparently those rumors are actually being shot down. They will not
have graphic upgrades in it. It's going to be the same thing. But here's the deal. I
think this is really what it is, if you think about it. If you play on the PS2, you're playing
in like 640x480 low res mode, but it looks fine on a TV. But if you play that same mode
on a computer, it looks a little choppy, but it looks fine on TV. I imagine what they're
doing with the Xbox is it's just like playing it on a high-end PC. And when you port that
to a television set, it looks really, really clean. So I imagine that's just what it is.
It's just a high-end computer.
It's all it is, and it's going to be because it's HDTV compatible, so it's going to be
high-end graphics, but it's not going to exceed that of the actual PC version. It's just some
different things.
Other questions were answered at a press conference at Square Enix held after the show in regards
to Final Fantasy XI, among with some other Square Enix games.
Final Fantasy XI will use the same servers on the Xbox 360 as the PC or PS2.
Rumors are going around to the contrary, but they put those to rest.
So you will play on the same servers that everyone else plays on.
So it'll be, I think, the first game to be a cross-server across three different platforms,
I think.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Was Fantasy Star Online? But they don't all share the same servers, that's the problem.
Yeah, weird, huh? Final Fantasy XII was not playable at E3.
They claim it was an issue of timing, but they are saying that they will have it
playable at the end of July
in some type of private setting. So I think our rumors that we completely made
up about the fact that it's being pushed for PlayStation 3 are false. It will come
out on PS2.
But I'll tell you what it looks damn good. I mean honestly the movie we saw inside the
Square Enix theater
When you see this thing you you would have a hard time believing its ps2 as well. It looks very good
Square Enix will be dubbing Final Fantasy 7 advent children in English when they release it here in America
No word yet, if they will do it in Japanese with English subtitles as well like another option on the DVD
I'm sure well well the best it well the best answer. They got was a we will consider the possibility. I didn't get a yes
hmm
World of Mana was a game that was teased at e3, but really no additional information outside of that
I remember seeing a trailer for it, but it really didn't show anything just that ooh a new amount of games
It's going to come out right yeah, or second. Let's do it for those who appear us
No idea what system. It's on or any type
what if it's going to be like when I heard world of mana I thought it was
going to be an MMO but no idea yet so basically what they're trying to do is
with the world of mana is that they're going to try and release this across
multiple platforms at once when I say multiple platforms I mean they want to
do like films with it novels and manga other things so kind of interesting what
they want to do with that so we'll have to see how this game turns out but we
You might not only get a world amount of game, but an anime and all sorts of other things
as well.
You got some hack stories you wanted to share with us, Loki?
Yeah, there's more emulators coming out for the PSP.
Let's see, we've got development right now.
They've got the ones coming out for the PC Engine, for those who don't remember that.
That's the TurboGrafx-16 in the US.
There's Rin, which is the Game Boy Color emulator.
Version 1.1.4.1 was released.
Still only playable on version 1 PSPs, but however, there is some information saying
that they think they may have found a way to get it to work on 1.5s, which are all the
US versions.
So you'll have to check that out.
Other things I should mention about the PSP is Gamapack for the Wipeout Pure was released
this week.
I downloaded it, I checked it out, and I didn't care because it was like one track and a couple
new.
I've just kind of given up on Wipeout Pure.
I just use it for the browser hacks and it's interesting.
Also I forgot to mention I got to play online using the infrastructure mode in the PSP so
over the internet I got to play Twisted Metal head on with some other people and that was
pretty interesting.
No lag, but people were dropping out of the rooms like crazy so it kind of sucked.
But it's funny enough that people are using Twisted Metal head on more for chat than anything
because there's actually like chat rooms.
So I thought that was funny.
Speaking of chat on portable gaming systems, one thing we didn't go into too much detail
on our podcast from E3 about was the voice over IP thing that they were showing off at
Nintendo's booth.
Kind of interesting, different, interesting.
Speaking of voice over IP stuff, there's actually a guy that was working as actually part of
a voice over IP company and he's saying a CEO Eric Lagerway from X10 it's like a VoIP
phone company he's trying to get his software to run on a PSP so he's trying to get voice
over IP chat for the PSP.
Something new coming to handhelds.
Speaking of handhelds one thing that kind of surprised people at the show was the Gizmondo
That was a brand new system coming out from Tiger and what they're trying to do
with this, it's already available in Europe but it's going to be coming out here.
Not only will it play games but it's supposed to do movies and music
and of course you kind of think, well so can my PSP, but then also it does pictures
with a built-in camera
and you can send it to other Gizmondo users
and other mobile phone users as well. It also has a built-in GPS system in it.
Kind of interesting. Bluetooth in it as well.
Did you get a chance to check out the Gizmondo?
A little bit.
When I went by the booth, it was so loud over there and I couldn't handle it because they
had some, it was kind of enclosed and they had some performance going on over there and
it was crowded, so I didn't really get to see too much of the system, but it looked
interesting.
I was already more interested in it than I was in, say, the N-Gage, so that's something
good for it right there.
Didn't you check out one of the games?
I tried out the one music game that they had there.
It was interesting, I don't know, it was kind of, the load time on it was killer, it was
just like, oh my god.
Load time was pretty bad, but hopefully it'll be fixed in a future release.
Do you think the Gizmondo stands a chance against things like the DS and the PSP?
Maybe?
It definitely stands a chance against, they say, the N-Gage.
And I think it's got some pretty good stuff for it, I don't know if it's got a phone capability
with the Gizmondo, but it's got a camera built into it, so that's kind of neat.
The interface wasn't that bad.
The game was pretty cool, I just couldn't hear much of it because the sound wasn't working
too well because the people were rapping like four feet away from me.
But if they fixed the load time issue, I assume that just because it was a demo they had the
huge load time because that thing loaded for five minutes and now that's unacceptable.
But I assume because it's probably not finished that that's probably the case.
But if that's what is going to be the final version, then no, I would not recommend it.
But otherwise, it looks like it would be pretty cool.
Some little controversies going on at E3 in regards to some of the conferences.
It seems like a lot of folks were not impressed with the big three's conferences this year.
Microsoft, many claims coming out that they had plants in the audience that would sit
there and act all enthusiastically and that the media was kind of just not amused with
it.
You know, that Microsoft had plants in the audience.
One rumor there, PS3 rumor going around that some of their videos that they were claiming
were real-time were actually pre-rendered videos.
Some of the materials they showed from Killzone 2.
Well yeah, because now the PS3's graphics and stuff are so good, it does look like pre-rendered
video, but it's not.
They showed, I mean, I was looking at some of the conference stuff that they were showing.
There's not, you know, there's no way that they're saying that's pre-rendered video because
they're showing like real-time, the guy's moving the stuff around, taking like a model
of the one guy who played Dr. Octopus
and adjusting the light in the stuff
and they modeled the room and stuff.
There's no way that, I mean,
they're showing live footage of that
and I don't, there's no way.
Oh, that'd be interesting.
And then just an overall general sigh
at Nintendo's conference this year
that really their ace in the hole
is Zelda Twilight Princess and that's about it.
Not a whole lot of details on Revolution
and the Game Boy Micro, not that impressive.
how are you supposed to read text on that thing, huh?
If you want to play a Pokemon game,
you gotta get out your binoculars, or your magnifying glass, rather,
and try to read some of the text on that thing.
You know what's sad is I think they're trying to make...
I mean,
why aren't they just instead of developing this new Game Boy Advance, which really did
they really needed to do that? They didn't.
The Game Boy Advance SPO is fine, people liked it.
I don't see why you need that. Yeah, I'm a little surprised at the micro as well. It was kind of one of those things where I was like,
Okay, I'm sure, why not, I guess.
It seems like something, are they trying to design
something that people want to put on their key chains
and stuff, is that what it is?
I think what they're trying to do is they're trying
to make it a music player too,
because apparently it has a music player add-on to it.
Huh, that would be interesting.
But, you know, stop, leave the music business
for the people that want to do the music business,
like the iPods and stuff.
Why does, you know, Microsoft and Nintendo
and like so many have to try to get in on that music and started as the music
thing is really a revolutionary now we're moving from a cd age to a digital
age and everybody wants a piece of it
stomped the poor guys they get left in the duster here's a here's a problem is
we're a make these console systems that can do everything but
gaming
that's the problem is there are a lot of plays dvds in a place your ipod the
number of the book
you have a game suck
you know
or yeah they look pretty but they'd be sock
you know it's
i'd i'm afraid that's where to run into
cuz i can tell you this much i played a few games that he three that look good
but they sucked
house that work
of it they look pretty but they're just not they're not fun like what they want
l a rush couldn't free nor to play the game you have to actually look at the
map because it's so detailed stuff
there's no indicator we're supposed to go so you have to find your own path to
the checkpoint
half the times I get stuck in an alley or something I'm all good I gotta turn around now
and you end up in last place because you can't find your way around
it's just because there's so much detail oh it looks good but you know what I can't play it
it's not fun it's not like you know San Francisco rush where
it was in a city but the tracks were laid out you couldn't really deviate from the
tracks that much
not that I really cared but I mean there are shortcuts and stuff that's what I was
looking for an LA rush
I was expecting it to be just like San Francisco Rush.
Better graphics, different city, same type of gameplay because that's what I expected
with the Rush series and then they went and changed it up on me to try to make it better
and it's not fun.
Alright, well that's the last story I have.
You have anything else?
I have nothing.
I'm looking more into that Nintendo Revolution video and I couldn't find anything.
Well, more E3 Fallout to come on our next podcast and et cetera, et cetera, and we'll
be here with you guys to tell you the latest.
Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention also.
I bought Smart Bomb and I played it and I cannot recommend that game to anyone.
Load times are long, it's frustrating, it makes you want to throw the PSP.
Don't buy it.
All right.
That was a little random, but that's all right.
Any other random final thoughts that you might have?
No, that's it.
All right, and I guess my final thought would be send us email to go to go at orange lounge radio calm
Or did you know if you want to address one of us specifically you can write Matt at orange launch radio calm
Jamie at orange launch radio calm and or myself Rob at orange launch radio calm
We were here for you. So but our general show email is to go to geo at orange launch radio calm
I don't get email I get spam. I don't know how that works. None of the rest of us get spammed
Have a good one you guys, we'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
