Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of May 2nd, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your podcast host for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye and Logan.
Hello, everybody, again for another week.
We are here with the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
our podcast dedicated to what's going on in the gamer world.
this is information the gamers really want to know about and you know this
week we're famous famous famous do you know me I am so famous my name is Rob
Roberts you might know me as sky the famous voices you hear behind me is the
lovely dark Sakura no it's Jamie Summers because I'm an internet celebrity and
the one and only Loki just call me the foot yes our egos are a little big this
week because we were in the local paper they did a nice lovely article on
Podcasting and we were one of the three podcasts from the area featured in it. We were very happy
Except for Loki because all they showed was a picture of his foot
Because we were playing DDR for those of you guys haven't seen the article
It's it's it's it has a picture of Loki playing DDR while we're taping
It's actually the articles a little bit of a stretch because it says it's about the podcast
But they actually took pictures while we were taping our three-hour program
So, um, Loki was playing DDR and we were commenting on it and you can see, uh, DarkSakura sitting
on our laptop looking on and I'm just saying something, I don't know, and then you see
Loki's foot.
This is kind of funny.
The precious.
Not the foot.
The foot's not the precious.
No, the laptop's the precious.
It's the laptop.
But, uh, yeah.
At least, you know, they picked the most toned part of my body to take a picture of my foot.
Although your feet were kind of curving funny, that was very interesting.
I don't know what happened there, I was just, I don't know.
So big thanks to SACB for filling our media horror ego.
We do love that.
And if anybody else wants to help us inflate our media horror ego, send us a message.
ToGo.
T-O-G-O.
They sold six more papers the other day.
Also did you guys know that last week we were OneUp.com's audio blog of the day at some
point last week?
We're even more of an internet celebrity now.
That was just awesome.
So thank you guys over at OneUp.com.
I think OneUp.com is a neat idea.
I love their community stuff, and I'm not just saying that because they, you know, made
this audio blog of the day.
I've actually been a member of the community for longer, so.
But it's neat.
I was very happy about that.
It's nice to be respected by your peers.
Well, you know, with all these blogs and everything, I'm thinking about starting up a new one on
MySpace.
Oh, okay.
Starting up the Orange Lounge on MySpace.
You know, actually, I just found out today at orangeloungeradio.com, we have the capability
to do blogs there.
We just don't.
So I don't know, we may have to do something.
We'll see, though.
We'll see.
Anyway, enough about us inflating our egos.
that we have to take time to inflate our egos once in a while and if you want to
help inflate our egos you could vote for us on podcast alley you know just do a
search for orange and then vote us on orange lounge radio on podcast alley
calm and help increase our score and increase our rating and stuff I would
like to score big oh who doesn't all right anyway on to the games we've only
got a half hour so let's talk about the games Dark Sakura I know it's been a
crazy week for you and you got a lot of stuff going on but have you managed to
get any gaming done during your week this week no not really just
unfortunately had a lot of stuff going on the person I've had lots of real-life
drama going on so I've been focusing on that no I did play a little luminous but
I watched Dan beat Metal Gear acid okay how was that he said that game was
trippy and hard what do you think of Metal Gear acid compared to with the
I'm not into card games, and I'm not into strategy games. It's more like a real-time strategy, and I don't like those type of things.
So, you know, you're, please welcome to it. If you like Fire Emblem, and, like, Metal Gear, you'll like this game.
Fair enough.
That's really it.
Loki, how about you?
First, I'd like to say, Metal Gear Acid reminds me of Phantasy Star, was it a 4? Phantasy Star Online 4?
Uh, it was a volume 3.
Volume 3.
Yes, the card game. We all remember how that worked. Well, it worked about just the same
for Mellow Your Eyes.
Funny enough with Phantasy Star IV, now they're going back to what worked in 1 and 2. Funny
enough.
Yeah, yeah. The card game thing? Ah, you know what? Buy cards. If you're going to play a
card game, play a card game. Don't play a game that's a video game that's a card game.
That's just redundant. That's too much. Anyways, my week, I played one game and that one game
would be Ridge Racer for the PSP. And I went through about, oh man, like 13 of the World
Tour things. I'm now on pro 20 I think. And I just unlocked the Rally-X car by beating
the minigame. We got 50,000 points on that. So I got the Rally-X car which is so awesome
because the Rally-X car is all pixelated just like, you know, the actual game. And when
you use the nitro boost, it does these little pixelated clouds behind you.
Oh, just like it did in rally X if you played the old school game.
Yeah, like the smokescreen.
And that was, I think, it's just little details like that Namco throws in, it's awesome.
The race before that had the race, what they called, I guess the devil car or something
like that.
And that sucked.
It was a one-on-one race.
But see, what's really awesome is once you get past pro 18, it's all like kind of challenge
mode type stuff where you have like one-on-one races with stuff to unlock special cars and
whatnot and those are really cool i've been playing this game like all week i mean it's
held my attention that long it's just really really good game cool anything else then um
you know that's all i played this week i haven't played anything else um i have kind of a different
story than you do for my gaming week uh you were on psp i was on ds i picked up a new game called
Polarium for the DS. It's a puzzle game. I'm looking at that one too. Were you looking at that?
That and Mercury for PSV. I picked up Polarium because I'm a big puzzle game fan. I like those
kinds. I love Luminous and you know this goes back to Tetris, Yoshi's Cookie and
Tetris Attack and those types of games too. So I picked up Polarium which is
basically the concept of Polarium is that you have all these squares so at
first glance you might think it's kind of like Luminous but has nothing to do
with it really their games aren't the same at all but you use the stylus you
draw lines and that's how you you're changing you're swapping tiles and I
know that sounds really simple but because you can only draw the lines so
fast you actually have to think ahead about how you're gonna draw the lines so
it sounds like a pretty killer concept huh I polarium held my attention for
about an hour and then I was done with it I was very disappointed with polarium
that's just me personally I thought the graphics were boring as heck I thought
the sound it sounded like garbage I thought the puzzles were kind of
interesting but I just didn't like the concept I mean I take that back I like
the idea of the game it kind of makes you go could this be a fun puzzle game
but the execution didn't like it I can't recommend this game I don't like it at
all especially when you put it next to a game such as luminous you know and I
think this might be in some ways DS's answer to luminous but if you think of
it that way you're really gonna be disappointed this is nothing I think
mercury is also gonna blow it out of the water to luminous the bar has been set
so high with luminous I think I did I'm thinking that mercury is gonna be pretty
big though I'm curious about mercury I'm also curious about I'm not giving up on
DS just yet because I'm very very curious about medios I've heard a lot of
good things about that I just want smart bomb that's what I've been waiting for
polarium was just polarium is the type of game I would have expected like you
You know how they have like third-party publishers?
Like I always expected Plarium to come out like from a fourth-party publisher on the
Super Nintendo.
That's what I did the graphics for.
Honestly, some of these games for the DS are starting to be like rushed.
Plarium felt like a tech demo.
It did.
It seriously, it's like rushed.
It's like Zookeeper.
Come on now.
It's a flash game that they threw on the DS.
That is like a dumb excuse.
Hey, they actually put Snood on the Game Boy Advance.
DS is going to lose this battle unless things start changing fast.
These games are not impressive, they're not.
I know at E3 they're going to announce that stupid internet connectivity or whatever like
that.
We think, but...
It's pretty solid that's what's going to happen.
I don't think it's going to matter at this point because pretty soon, what is it, the
PSP's already got internet connectivity and they're going to have a web browser probably
for that coming out this year.
If the revolution blows everything else out of the water, does the DS have a chance?
I don't know.
They're going to probably do a redesign of it just like they did with Advance and it's
going to be another game system to buy.
All they need to do is start putting out some more of their franchise games that are good.
Like the Metroid demo was pretty nice.
They should put out the Metroid game.
I know they're probably trying to finish it, but...
Okay, okay.
Here's what I don't understand.
ported Mario 64, good for you, um, why didn't you make a new Mario game? I mean, that's
why I'm wondering, why didn't you make a new game? I mean, that's what they did. Well,
I mean, they altered Mario 64, so it's almost like a whole different game when you play
Yoshi and stuff. Look at the game, Wade Manso, that's all it was for the most part, is ported
games. I've already got Pac-Pix out in Japan, and that's not fair. Pac-Pix is coming out
here very, very soon though, which is exciting. Alright, let's, no, let's go, I'm sorry. Actually,
still want the pac-man marble madness type game that needs to hurry up and a
once more for our listener oh that's right we talked about this on show a
couple weeks ago the pack and roll one yeah we definitely need that soon the
lack of marble madness in the world soon I want to stop tonight's gaming news
actually talking about the revolution because there's a big rumor going around
about revolution right now this is actually slash dotted earlier this week
from games slash dot org and they say that actually IGN I guess they're in
turn reporting this. They saying that this person Brooke Burgess of Broken
Saints has said something about the Nintendo Revolution console and this is
that 3D projection is the big revolution. It's 3D projecting and yes
it's just like it sounds. It's gonna project images in 3D. Virtual Boy part 2?
I know that was the first thing I thought of too is like didn't the Virtual
boy fail miserably? You mean the great red headache machine?
Pretty much! Let's have a migraine! You can pay 30 bucks for it!
The Virtual Boy was kind of a cool idea though. I mean, it really was. But that's the first
thing my brain goes to when I hear about this revolution.
It was a good idea too early in its time. It had fun commercials.
The Virtual Boy, it was a great idea. Monochrome red, that was a bad point. And the fact that
it wasn't really that much of a portable machine, you had to kind of like sit it down on a table
to be able to use it. So that was the problem.
Now before you laugh this story off, consider that, and this is what the article goes on
to say, consider that there have been recent patents filed by Nintendo that kind of support
that this is possibly the direction. Obviously nothing is confirmed until Nintendo says something
themselves, but speculatively...
I am going to say that this is probably the case, and here's why I think that. They have
been very quiet about the revolution. They haven't said anything, and this is what's
gonna happen. You're gonna have all this, like, you know, everyone's like, oh, PS3,
you know, Xbox 360. Then it's all BAM! Revolution. Because the Xbox 360 and the PS3, as far as
you know, improving the graphics and stuff, they haven't really done anything new. But
it's also, Nintendo's been known for gimmicky type of things.
It'll be interesting, I'm looking forward to seeing if this is true or not and how this
is all gonna play out.
It's hard to say until I see it in action, you know what I mean?
The concept sounds interesting, although I really hope they've learned the mistakes from
Virtual Boy and that this won't cause seizures and headaches, but...
I'm wondering if this new 3D stuff, if we'll see a Power Girl 2?
We'll see.
know that Nintendo licensed the Palm OS. Yeah, actually there's a note they're
supposed to be making a cartridge to where you can run the Palm OS software
on your DS. It's gonna be very interesting to see how the DS and the Revolution
work together if the 3D projection thing is cool. Will I be able to poke things with
my stylus? No, basically what the 3D projection is it's gonna be
stereoscopic 3D basically just like if you go into an IMAX movie and you have
your glasses that's what you're gonna get with this it's gonna be 3d with
glasses I think so you're talking about 3d glasses not actual like hologram
projection I think we're a little I think we're a little early for but that
would be revolutionary would it not yeah I would but then though I guess would
that mean that would not need a TV for that or something I don't know I don't
know we'll see whatever I mean hey and whatever they want to do I mean if
they've got you know holograms hey um since Namco got brought up a little
earlier in the show several times. I have a couple Namco stories tonight and I
know this always makes Dark Soccer happy because she's a big Namco fan. What is
happening is that Namco is going to be releasing a brand new compilation, yes
another one, for their 50th anniversary. They are collecting 14 arcade titles and
putting it out on PS2, GameCube, Xbox, PC, and GBA. It's coming out in August and
it's called the 50th Anniversary Arcade Collection. Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga,
Galaxian, Dig Dug, Pole Positions 1 and 2, Rally-X, Rolling Thunder, and more, including
Xevious, Mappy, etc, etc.
Mappy!
Been there, done that, with all this?
Mappy!
Why can't I just go out and get the PlayStation 1 discs?
I mean, what-
Well, they need to-
Big deal.
They need to do what SEGA did.
And-
Like, with the SEGA ages.
A lot of people were disappointed in SEGA ages, though.
A lot of people were stupid.
I don't need Rally-X. Rally-X is part of, um, Ridge Racer for the PSV.
I could put in Tekken 5 and play Starblade until I'm giddy, which I'm already giddy.
I'm a huge retro fan, don't get me wrong, but this is thoroughly uninteresting to me.
I don't know, they could do all the interviews in the world they want to, but I feel like
I did this already ten years ago when the PlayStation came out, and these games are
great and they hold a space in the arcade game greats of all time, but I'm just not
interested in playing them again.
another another retro story okay sure actually this is now all you might
remember those wonderful you know the straight you hook them up to the TV type
of console systems the flashbacks what they call them oh sure sure yeah okay
well they're coming out with the flashback 2.0 mm-hmm and so I'm gonna
basically have more 2600 games including asteroids breakout centipede lunar
Lander, Millipede, Missile Command, and Pong, but amongst three others total.
Now the flashbacks are the actual console, not the like joystick that you plug in.
It looks like the old Atari.
It looks like a console.
This one though, it's going to be great because it's going to be wood grain, just like the
old ones.
Alright!
We were just talking about this because I remember we were talking about the Atari contest
and that game Ninja Garden that got created in 24 hours is going to be in this, at least
per the last story.
We were talking about the wood you believe Jamie said something about it needs to be in the wood grain
That is so cool. If it is coming out in the wood grain coming up
Hey, man, that totally would make me happy maybe people from Atari were listening to this, huh? Yeah summer
Yeah summer for about 30 bucks. Hey 30 bucks for
Addressing it is a classic gaming expo because you do know that's coming up in a couple months. Isn't that weird?
I just slammed Namco on the been there done that attitude and now here I am getting all giddy about the wood grain
It's all about, you know, how you execute it. That's really what it is.
I guess you're right. I guess you're right.
Because they've released these Namco collections before and now they're just releasing it on a new system.
And for example, I have one of the Namco collections for the GBA already.
They already have these games out in the GBA. It's just re-releasing the same damn thing again.
Well, also one thing though about those Namco collections on PS1, you do need to keep in mind that at least two of those are considered ultra rare now.
air now you cannot find the M nor can you find the O actually I think that
back it was the A and the C I take that back which I actually I think I have all
of them now and then they've released the restricted symbol in Japan so
actually those are collectors items people are not going to be able to find
those games on ps1 but not a lot of those games are a part of this
compilation so you know even so they're getting you know I've never saw Mappy
released on one I thought maybe it was in the first one oh I guess not that I
recall my bad um actually it probably was but even so you know these are full
arcade versions it's a lot of them in one package you know I'm gonna have it
you know playing Xevious at home and then go ahead and play a mappy and then
pack land if I want to of course I could play pack land on my turbo graphics but
still it's pretty cool fair enough um another Namco story another
series now going from very old to Namco to very new Namco Katamari Dimashii to
details released Nina Daisuke Katamari Dimashii translates to we love
Katamari and it is actually they changed the title for the oh I'm sorry they did
it's everybody loves Katamari Dimashii in Japan here it's we love Katamari
Dimashii I just got served all right it is gonna be called we love Katamari in
North America and so this game is coming out here for sure there was still a
little bit of a question mark but it is coming out here for sure some great
screenshots circulating out there on the internet and it will be out in 2005
they're saying new locations new objects Eiffel Tower has been spotted cats trees
junk yes and apparently the co-op mode now is in better levels than just like
it was like an arena in the first one that was more of a versus yeah but the
first one to even have that kind of versus mode in it was cool but now
Katamari 2 is gonna expand on that and I think that's cool and this one we
actually to solve the level you have to work together very cool and you get to
play as some of the cousins too which is great so because the cousins I mean
there was all these great concepts in Katamari to mashi one but they didn't
get to develop much of them, I think. So Katamari, I think, is going to be one of those games
that it's going to be one of the big franchise games of the next decade.
I'd love to see how, if it expands bigger than that immediate area, if we actually end
up with a world expansion as the camera moves out.
We'll see, we'll see. Alright, we're getting a lot of E3 news, because E3 is just around
the corner, so lots and lots of E3 news. There's a concert that's going to be happening before
E3 the Final Fantasy concert is more friends music from Final Fantasy and
announced and I am very very excited about this not only are the black mage
is going to be playing but amico Shiratori and Riki are going to be there
singing their theme songs from Final Fantasy 9 and Final Fantasy 10 are going
to be there singing the songs live and get this the opera from Final Fantasy 6
is being performed with opera singers oh it's gonna be great I'm so excited about
this one chills get this tickets still available because this is at the
amphitheater Universal amphitheater I guess they changed name the Gibson
amphitheater formerly the Universal amphitheater tickets are still available
because it's so big so right yeah it's Monday it's the Monday before May 16th
very very soon gotta work Oh bummer I'm really hoping that they tape it I mean
they've got this is gonna be here they haven't even done this in Japan yet
doesn't be huge I hope they tape it and do a DVD or something more e3 news
squeamix and we'll move on with them they announced what games are gonna be
showing at e3 Final Fantasy 7 dirge of cerebras is gonna be one of their big
titles that they're gonna be showing Final Fantasy 12 yet again because it
didn't come out like it was supposed to Dragon Quest 8 journey of the cursed
King, Full Metal Alchemist 2, Curse of the Crimson Elixir, hopefully that one's gonna
be better than the first one.
Apparently curses are the big thing in the role playing games this year, we'll see.
Kingdom Hearts 2, I'm hoping for a playable, that'd be great, I wanna see a playable Kingdom
Hearts 2.
A Romancing Saga, can't say I'm a fan of the Saga series, yeah, sorry.
I tried, I tried too.
But Front Mission Online, they're gonna expand the online series.
missions like started with the Super Nintendo back when. Interesting enough
Squeenix is saying that they are we and we call them Squeenix we know it's you
know Square Enix or Squeenix but we call them Squeenix. On the PC they have
Final Fantasy 11 as a game they're going to be showing off very strange
considering this game is a couple years old now so they're are they gonna be
showing off the new patches or could there be a new expansion in the works I
hope so. I think probably patches and from what I've heard I know last year
They have like a ballista tournament type thing going on. I think this is gonna be the same tournament as
They're having some Hawaii location where it's kind of like boss battle type thing. Hmm
I think that's what they're doing with this one. We'll see I dose announced their lineup as well
what's going to be interesting is that they're going to be showing the games hitman blood money 25 to life commando strike force and
And, Lara Croft Tomb Raider Legend.
The life was last year too.
Well, that's another line up for this year.
So, Lara Croft Tomb Raider Legend.
I thought that they had officially said no more Tomb Raider games, but I guess...
I saw pictures.
We would only be so lucky.
There are pictures online.
I just, I think Tomb Raider's done.
There are pictures online and Lara Croft has bigger boobs as usual.
I don't doubt that it's really happening.
I mean, Tomb Raider was such a huge franchise, but I think it's kind of done.
I have no interest in Tomb Raider.
you guess where those pictures are at? Where? MTV. Oh my gosh. Their brand new gamer site.
Yes, MTV Games launched this week. They have a brand new gaming site. They get pretty much
all their news from GameSpot. There's not a whole lot, but I guess we'll see what happens
with it. Yet another thing MTV can stop showing music videos for, huh? This is music television.
They should really change it to like pop culture television or something like that. I mean, how about to subliminal television?
I don't know cookie cutter TV. I
Think that there's better sites, but who knows they might do something to impress me later on. So we'll see, right? I
have faith
E3 also one last story. Yahoo is going to be doing a mobile
mobile show and they're going to be showing Yahoo poker. They're trying to do this whole
cross platform PC mobile thing. So that should be interesting, Yahoo poker, because Texas
Hold'em is the big thing right now. So we'll see.
All right, Orange Lounge Radio, we're not just here to talk about gaming, but we're
also here to better your life because you know, if we talked about games all the time,
we would have no time to go out and illegally gamble. So we're here to better your life
with some advice who better than Dark Sakura with her advice column and Dark
Sakura what do you have to share with us tonight today's bit of advice is how to
wrestle free from an alligator number one if you were on land try to get on
the alligators back and put downward pressure on its neck this will force the
head and jaws down number two close the alligators eyes this will usually make
it more sedate three if you were attacked go for the eyes and nose use
Use any weapon you have or your fist.
If its jaws are closed on something you want to remove, for example, a limb, tap or punch
it on the snout.
Alligators often open their mouths when tapped lightly.
They may drop whatever it is they have taken hold of and back off.
If the alligator gets you in its jaws, you must prevent it from shaking you or rolling
over.
These instinctual actions cause severe tissue damage.
Try to keep the mouth clamped shut so the alligator does not begin shaking.
6.
Seek medical attention immediately, even for a small cut or bruise to treat infection.
Alligators have a huge number of pathogens in their mouth.
But you know what I always say?
What?
Don't go freakin' swimming in the swamp in Florida!
Thank you for that.
Always lovely advice.
How many of you guys know, quick survey.
many of you guys actually played Neopets previously? Jamie's got her hand raised. Weren't you into
Neopets for a little bit, or at least your girlfriend was, wasn't she? My fiance is.
I played Neopets for a little while. I'm trying to think way back. I think the closest thing
I had that was close to Neopets would have been my pocket station. You know that Neopets
has been like this slowly like huge growing thing online and now they sell this stuff
at Claire's and all that stuff well you know a long time ago Sony said that they
were gonna make a Neopets game but then it just disappeared well guess what
it's coming out now or at least some new version of the Neopets game August of
2005 Neopets the darkest fairy the 3d action adventure will follow the
characters as they journey through the realm of Neopia so should be Neopets are
dead. So you're saying it's going to be a third person action adventure. You know what's
sad is almost practically every game coming out for the PS2 is action adventure. You know
what's funny is I had a customer, because I actually sell video games now, I had a customer
looking for puzzle games coming out for the PS2 or Xbox. Nada. I think there was one that's
coming out in like 2007.
Wow.
2007?
Yeah.
The console is still going to be going by then?
So here's what you need to do, developers.
Make more puzzle games for the PS2 and Xbox.
Well here's an interesting story that ties into that and the games that we used to play.
At least I know I used to play this, but this game got bigger and bigger.
Puzzle Pirates is now going to be, this used to be something you could only really get
on the internet.
It's going to be in stores.
It's coming out in stores this week.
It's going to be on the shelves.
So that's kind of interesting that Puzzle Pirates kind of got bigger like that.
And it's going to be selling for $20, monthly subscription fee $9.95.
Puzzle games you can see in Puzzle Pirates, sword fighting, drinking, sailing, bilge pumping,
carpentry, gunnery, distilling, and randomly they have spades in there.
And what's interesting about Puzzle Pirates is that it's like the Puzzle Fighter II inspired
game, the Bejeweled inspired game.
But I actually, I kind of had fun with Puzzle Pirates when I played it.
I thought the interface needed work, but again, before I get the hate mail from the Puzzle
Pirates community, it was like two years ago and they were still baiting it when I played,
so I'm sure a lot's changed and it's probably polished now, so I probably should go back
and check it out.
But I'm glad the game's been successful, I think it was a neat idea, but people are going
way too far with the pirate thing, like they have conventions where they all go and they
dress up as pirates.
Arr!
Yeah.
That was scary, like some of the furry stuff.
I don't know, worship Johnny Depp and stuff, I don't know.
Movie studios and their UMDs.
Hey, the UMDs are getting bigger and bigger.
Fox is very, very close to committing,
and the rumor is saying that their lineup would initially
include Dodgeball, iRobot, Super Troopers, Predator,
and Napoleon Dynamite.
Hey, that's cool.
Universal, thinking about it.
Paramount is investigating it right now.
So UMDs look like it could be taken off?
Don't know.
Loki, I'd say you're the expert on this.
This is your industry.
What do you think?
Yep.
They're trying to go this route.
They're trying to push this stuff way too much.
I have not seen sales figures on UMD.
Is it really doing that well?
I don't know.
I'll be honest.
I mean, I haven't really had anyone requesting UMD movies.
They were just trying to push it on these people.
But honestly, see, because as far as PSPs go, rental-wise,
there's not that many stores renting games for that stuff right now
because they're
the market right now the people there they're not really going to spend the
money on these things uh... so it's not what i think probably after the summer
you're going to see UMD movies everywhere
but the thing is
and i still don't understand this
why are you buying a movie for your psp
that you have on your have a dvd i don't get it either i don't get it
maybe they're looking for the portable convenience but you know what i've got
portable convenience I have a laptop but even I could the only way I can think
that this would be probably better it's like you know those people that buy
portable DVD players then you can buy a PSP for your kids because they're you
know and then you know they have the movies too that they can watch but
nowadays too you also have all these SUVs and stuff with TVs in their car
really what it comes down to is kids need to learn to sit still and shut up
and sleep during car rides I have not heard anything about sales figures on
on the
i don't know how well they're doing but really what i think
i don't know if it's gonna take off though i i
really
i'm really worrying about this i mean cuz it's like people
were telling me months back he added deviate just is going to be the
revolution is going to hit the video is removed
and i said from day one of my this thing is going to fail faster than laserdisc
and what watch
and on
guess what
Uh, DVHS? What's that? Oh, that's right. It's not being made anymore.
I would really like to hear from our listeners. If you are somebody who is
supporting the UMD and you're buying movies on UMD, we want to know why!
Send us an email to go at orangelaundry.com. And I'm not, you know, we're not trying to say,
like, oh, you're a bad person for doing it. We just want to know, you know, what's, what's the
draw? What's the appeal to you? Because we don't see it. I mean, I got Spider-Man 2 with
my PSP, because I got the neat little bundle thing.
I would never see myself actually buying this, or paying for this, um, and
it really it I don't know it's just not anything I would spend money on
right I
dark soccer did you have anything you want to add? well I'm actually looking for
the sales figures I thought that there would be a financial report out already
but I haven't
found one yet here okay I'm sure we'll see something on the next one. Studios
here's what you need to be doing and trust me this is the greatest idea right
here
because everybody at least this is what I've been using my you know large
of memory stick for TV
episodes like for example perfect format for the UMD's
like Aqua Teen Hunger Force. But wait a minute couldn't you do the same thing with
DVDs and TV box sets? Exactly but here's the thing though
is not many people have the time to sit down and watch
a three-hour movie or two-hour movie you know on the go
you have like 15 minutes between your class you know 15 minutes here
30 minutes here maybe 15 minutes I watch my robot chickens and I watch my family
guy and there you go that's just enough time to sit down and watch this really
quick all right I see where you're going with that okay okay interesting idea
that's what I think they need to be doing TV shows instead of movies in UMD
format because the Internet's doing it already like you just said you've
already done it exactly went the controversial way about doing yeah I mean
But honestly, I think that's what they're going to try to do is an online service too
where you download media to your memory stick.
Are you saying you would actually pay for a service like this?
No, I would not pay for a service like this.
But most people would.
Hell no.
If you can do it for free, why the hell would I even pay for a service like this?
Lastly, speaking of movies and such, the Silent Hill movie has begun filming.
I'm a big fan of Silent Hill.
Dark Soccer, I know you're a big fan of Silent Hill.
What do you think about this movie news?
Tell us about what's going on.
Well, just checking, I'm actually using UpcomingHorrorMovies.com, they actually have a pretty good timeline
listed on the site, they have already started, they're in pre-production right now, started
some filming.
A lot of the scenes from the actual game are showing up in the movie, so they're definitely
having that tie-in factor there, it's actually already looking better to be, you know, better
associated with the universe than say the Resident Evil movies were but it's
looking very good so far they've definitely got the feel down so far on
the cast they have I guess it's pronounced Radha Mitchell from Finding
Neverland as Rose who is the main character as her daughter they have
Jodelle Ferlin and as her husband they have Sean Bean who was Boromir in
Fellowship of the Rings and you we bowl is not directing this right oh no oh no
few I know I had I want to say it was the guy that did Brotherhood of the
Wolf yes Kristoff something I don't know so I I have I really have high hopes for
this and I hope I I kind of hope that a kiriyama mocha gets to be written by
Roger Avery does it say anything about who's doing the music I really hope they
get it off guns is the director is the direct ah okay um a production company
Davis films Roger Avery is the scripting makeup by Paul Jones who did Resident
Evil apocalypse that's just makeup I mean but he's doing the gore effects
that's cool that's cool all right so and the guy who did underworld is doing the
creatures well I guess although I don't know how much I'd want this movie to
have in common with underworld is 45 to 50 million dollars that's a lot of faith
in this movie. That's pretty cool. That's about $25,000 a day for production. I have
high hopes for this movie. I really hope they get it right. I think this is, really we need
a good video game movie. We really do. Please don't screw this up, you guys. Pretty please.
I like what I'm hearing so far. I like that the folks have been on some of those big sites
saying that they're gonna... Because I think people need to know that video game movie
can be done well, then that way we both can get out of work. We'll see what happens. We'll
We'll keep you guys posted.
Anyway, we're running over, so let's wrap it up.
Let's go around and give everybody's final words
for tonight.
Oh, one last thing I did want to add.
If you notice our sound is a little bit different tonight,
that's because we're actually in a new studio,
so we had to kind of redo everything.
We went through a move here locally,
so we redid all our chords.
So our sound is a little different.
Tell us what you guys think,
if you think we should tweak it or whatever,
togo at orangelaungeradio.com, T-O-G-O.
So you thought, though, that you got rid of something
from the old studio.
Oh no, you found it, didn't you?
Stuffed ferret.
Hooray.
They found a way back.
I thought I buried that in the deepest, darkest box.
All right, anyway.
Final thoughts.
Logie.
I forgot to mention this on the three hour show that we do, but here's something I'd
like to mention.
Fine.
People, I went to see the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the movie that came out recently,
and there's people wearing towels.
Now granted, I know that this is part of the book and people, you know, they're fans of
book and they want to dress up for stuff. I have a big problem with this. It's a movie.
It's not a convention. It does not require cosplay. I hate the people that dress up like
Star Wars characters. Now wait a minute, as someone who did Rocky Horror Picture Show
a couple times. Okay, there's a difference between participating in the movie and going
to watch a movie in costume. Okay, that's a little different. Okay. Okay. Star Wars
is not a participation movie. It's not a participation movie. It's like, and all these people dress
up and they're like in character and stuff like that and I have problems with that the
Matrix people and the Lord of the Rings people because you all do this and we have the Star
Wars people with their lightsabers exactly I hate these people and they're so annoying
they are goddamn annoying and they just I get the bug me the hardcore people ruined
the Phantom Menace for me because they cheered at every reference I was missing dialogue
because they just would not be quiet I do have to say something in their favor okay
When we were in line for the Phantom Menace is actually better than the movie
This was at the theater in Roseville with the trees everywhere and people pulled out of line
Brought out their lightsabers and had an impromptu duel under the trees with the lights behind him
So all you saw was their silhouettes and the glowing lightsaber and that was better than the movie
You have to admit though. That's pretty good. You know what I was geeky, but it was off
Do you think either one of them got laid that night?
Who cares? They were cool for five minutes.
You know what I love? I love the people that wait in line for like, you know, 30 days or whatever.
I don't even know how many days these people are.
And then what I would do is I would walk up past them and go,
Ha! I fandangled my tickets.
But they do it for charity, so you have to cut them a little slack.
No, no, no, no. Some people may do it for charity. Not everyone does it for charity.
Anyway, that was a heck of a final thought.
Alright, I'm done.
Sakura your final thought my final thought is I have a headache and my
final thought would be here take two of these all right thank you guys so much
for downloading us subscribing to us and checking us out we will see you next
time on the orange lounge radio to go edition have a good one that's the end
of another orange lounge radio to go edition this podcast is a proud part of
www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
