This week it's been enough generations that everything old is new again.
Katamari Damacy Encore was just the first of Bandai Namco's offerings with many more
to come, at least in Japan.
This is just one revival in tonight's news, stay tuned for the rest, starting right now
on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 793, whoops at that title,
for September the 22nd of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm going to fix away at this title here that's incorrect on
our Twitch TV stream, because we do tape live, errors and all, every Sunday night at
the Voice of Geeks Network, Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
And while I'm fixing away that title, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Good.
Me too, except for the little broken chat there, or sorry, the broken title and then
my broken chat over here as well.
So Twitch started doing this thing where you can do community gifting, which is really
cool.
It's like, if you're a Twitch Prime person, you can throw items into this chest and people
are doing that right now in our chat room and at some point later during the show, around
the time we take a break, what we'll do is we're going to open the chest and all the
non Twitch Prime people, it'll give it away at random.
So because Twitch Prime people already have it, so it's like you're putting your extra
copies or whatever.
I don't know.
It gives you three codes to get away.
You put it in this treasure chest and then we get to dole out all that loot to all the
non Twitch Prime subscribers in chat.
So it's fun.
The problem is it kind of breaks the chat room on my side because it keeps hounding
me like, donate more, put more in the chest.
I'm like, okay.
Do it.
And it's, I'm happy to do that, but it's just like, Oh my God.
Then it like breaks the little chat sidebar.
So now I have to reopen it, but whatever.
I'll deal with it.
I will get around to your chat comments here very soon.
As soon as I can actually read it.
In the meantime, how was your week, Loki?
How have you been?
It's been okay.
I didn't do a whole lot this week.
I did play some more laser tag though.
We went yesterday and I'm just kind of like, I was going to take the kids out cause my
wife is going out with some friends to eat.
And so I took the kids out to go eat and then we had like, it was around seven o'clock.
We can squeeze in a game of laser tag before they have to go to bed, I guess.
So we squeezed in a game of laser tag and it was just the three of us.
And then like, as we were leaving, then there's like, Oh, all these other people want to play
and it's like, okay, let's play with them.
And then it was just like a ton of people and we just just destroyed them.
Like it was just, well, there's actually people going there now.
You said a ton of people.
Well, yeah, it ended up working out.
I think it was just a fluke, but like, yeah, there's like at least like 15, 20 people in
the game and I, we just destroyed them.
And when I say we, I mean myself and my kids, cause my kids are actually doing all right.
Like they know how to like tag people and stuff.
And my one youngest son likes flanking people.
Some dads will go out there and throw the baseball with their kids.
You teach people, you teach your kids how to annihilate others at laser tag.
Yes.
Fun.
Yes.
I like that.
Anyhow, since I was, I was distracted by broken title and distracted by broken chat room,
I forgot to address, hello, where's dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
She's not here tonight.
She's a little under the weather.
She's she's got a voice thing going on.
So because she has to talk for her job, she felt it would be best to take the night off
and rest her voice.
And we can certainly understand that work is very important.
So work is work is the most important thing.
In fact, I just found out, well, I mean, it's a good thing.
I'm going to be traveling for work and I love to do the travel thing, but we're not going
to have a show towards the end of October because of it.
So work comes first sometimes y'all and that's where a dark soccer is taken care of herself.
So she can be ready for work.
So she's not here tonight.
She may pop into chat though.
I see slag kick.
Hello.
Isn't our chat room saying heart for dark soccer.
If she's here in chat, she has been known to pop into the chat room sometimes when she's
not here, but she also may be using this time to catch up on errands.
I don't know, but for whatever reason, she's not, or I'm sorry.
We know the reason, but whether she's here in chat or I'm not, God, now I've got, look
at this, look at this.
Now my phone's popping up telemarketer or you can't see that on the thing.
Telemarketer is calling me my God.
Can anything.
That's the worst name for a company.
I know, right?
No, it actually, did you know that the phones show that to you now it'll say like telemarketer
or potential spam or yeah, it'll actually show you when, uh, it's, it's suspects.
It's kind of a bullshit call or something going on.
So yeah, anyway, let's talk about video games.
My God, get this show on track people.
It's been a great week for games.
We've had a lot of big games that came out this week, namely, uh, links awakening on
the switch.
A lot of people are playing that game and having a blast with that game.
Um, I, I actually was playing that game quite a bit.
I'll talk a little more about it in my gaming week.
Have you, have you checked out links awakening?
I just picked it up, but I haven't played it yet.
My kids had played it or my son's played it, but he doesn't understand what to do in that.
So his game right now is I'm collecting rupees.
That's all I'm doing is collecting rupees.
Not a bad thing.
Having money is good.
It'll lie to buy.
That's all he's doing.
He's like, I'm like, well, you can have your brother help you with reading and stuff.
He's like, well, I don't do the readings.
So I'm just going to cut the, that's me playing games too.
I don't read.
So I'm like, okay, well that's cool.
You know, you can do whatever you want in the game.
That's fine.
I'm like, why don't you play the untitled goose game instead?
So um, another big game that came out this week.
So I picked that up and I think they were playing that too.
And he had fun.
I'm trying to create a picnic cause I know that's one of the, uh, goals you have to do
in the game.
All right.
Well, I won't get too ahead of ourselves and get into our gaming weeks.
Let's get into our kickoff topic though, uh, which is a pretty big, uh, international
story, I suppose.
But this is one of those things that you kind of wonder how could this trickle down and
affect other places.
So Loki.
Yeah.
So apparently valve in 2015 was sued by an organization in France called, uh, UFC, Q,
uh, I can't even pronounce what it was, but, uh, French legal words.
Yes.
So it's, um, some organization there.
And basically, uh, they were saying that, uh, out of this, the ruling stated that, well,
basically this backup.
So valve was saying that they were basically selling like a service for these games.
It was like a subscription to them versus, um, you know, actually owning copies of the
games.
Well, apparently the court decided that, no, they're not selling a subscription service.
That's not compelling argument and users should be allowed to resell games.
Um, so that is what's happening there.
So apparently now in France, valve has to allow users to resell their games.
Now this, you know, the, the resale of digital games, I think is something that, you know,
a lot of us now, obviously, again, this is happening in France.
This is a French court decision and you know, just because it happened there doesn't mean
it's something that's going to happen in the US or Canada or Mexico or Japan or wherever
our listeners are that happened to be listening to this show.
But sometimes where one place goes, other places tend to follow.
And I think, you know, many of us that have been playing digital games, I mean, how many
of y'all out there buy digital games?
And I'm sure many hands in the room just went up, right?
And many of you are buying digital games probably for that convenience, digital games, uh, sometimes
because these games go on like deep discount sales and they're pretty hard to resist, right?
Like the, uh, humble bundles, right?
That's all digital sales.
Right.
So, um, you know, y'all have probably bought a digital game or two in your day or hell
if you've ever gotten one of the free games on Epic store, Epic game store, right, then
that is a digital transaction, even though it's like free or whatever, uh, PlayStation
plus X-Box games of gold and all this you're getting, you're participating in the digital
distribution of games, which as we know is getting bigger and bigger in our industry.
It's getting so big in this industry.
We just had a story on last week's show about the GameStop struggling because the industry
has changed.
GameStop's having to compete with the local GameStop here and they've actually remodeled
quite a bit.
Um, you see a lot of that pot, they have a whole section that, well, they've always had
a section for pop figs, but now it's more prominent by the door.
Um, and this doesn't necessarily mean that things are going to change because they still
have an appeal.
Um, also the judge ruled that, um, they have to comply within a month's time.
If they don't, then they'll have to pay a fine of 3000 euros per day, up to six months.
They may just take the fine.
If you think about it, wow.
So they could probably, if they feel that they're going to lose more money after all,
they could just, there's going to be a meeting at valve headquarters up there in Washington
on Monday.
There's going to be a big meet and Gabe Newell's going to be in that meeting because something's
going to have to happen here.
You're right.
Either.
They're just going to suck it up and take the fine.
Uh, do you, do you think there's a possibility steam pulls out of France?
Steam says, you know what, fuck it.
I'm out.
They could.
I mean, if the, if the amount of money that they're making from that territory isn't worth
it, then they could just easily block people in France from using the service.
Wow.
So, and, and so we may see that's interesting because if steam does pull out of France and
I know this is a very like pie in the sky type of thing, I imagine there will be appeals
and all that stuff, but I don't, I don't know if the French courts work like the courts
here because I think, Oh, when a judgment comes out in America, it'll be tied up in
appeals courts for years to come.
But this is a very like defined, you start this in 30 days or you're getting paid, you're
going to be paying a fine.
That seems pretty definitive as opposed to what I might hear if this were coming out
at an, uh, out of an American court.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Our court system is notorious for being slow as hell.
Right.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, it's possible that they just pull out of France altogether or, you know,
maybe they'll move forward with it.
Who knows?
But it was, Oh, I was going to say, we might get to see you.
You remember how Gabe has this big red button on his desk.
Okay.
I'm kind of making this up, but in theory, he has a big red button on his desk.
And if steam ever goes down or is like closed and shuts down, that button gets pushed and
what happens?
That means the DRM it's gone and you will get access to your games without needing steam.
We may, we may be 30 days from seeing that button get pushed in France.
I doubt that, but it's interesting to see them argue the game licenses because you know,
with most software nowadays, you don't own the software.
You're just licensing, licensing, licensing it from the company.
And so that's why they're saying, Oh, resale's not really allowed there because it's a digital
license.
But the argument that they made there with the court was that word, just digital subscription
service, meaning that think of it like Netflix, where I pay $10 a month and I get access to
all these titles.
Whereas this is more like paying money and getting access to the title.
That's why I didn't end up flying.
You might be able to say that if your PlayStation network or Xbox games with gold or even game
pass, I think something like that might be fine.
I think if it was one of them on trial, they could probably get away with that, but valve,
not so much, which by the way, would be the exact same setup as Google stadia.
Right?
I mean, I realized there's a difference here because steam is a store.
Google is going to be streaming.
It's, it's like a way to play the game, but Google will be selling you.
It's not, and Google has even said on the record, this is not the Netflix model, right?
So what happens here could affect Google stadia.
Google's probably watching what's happening in France.
Google's I still don't know how Google stadia is going to work.
Hey, you pay us $10 a month for like 4k or whatever it is.
And you get nothing with that.
All right.
I'm going to turn this car around before it turns into a Google thing.
Cause this really is about the valve and this, this whole thing going on.
So you know what, okay, let me, let me say this too, because I bet a lot of the listeners
and a lot of, you know, and even there's that part of me that goes, well, Hey, it's about
time.
The other thing that's been a limitation to me buying games digitally is that they have
no equity, right?
They have no, no value once you have them in your library, because you cannot turn around
and resell them.
Whereas I'm sure many of you grew up in an era where when you were done with your Nintendo
game or your super Nintendo game or your PlayStation PS two game, depending on how old you are,
you could take that game, sell it to somebody else.
I remember going onto a BBS and selling my NES cartridges to another person.
And obviously this is the whole thing behind GameStop, right?
The sale of used games.
Well, now if what happens in France, you know, is goes through and really happens, then you're
going to have all these digital games that have equity.
And I think most people are probably cheering or celebrating that because it's yay, my games
have value.
Well, the problem is, so it doesn't really hurt the platform holder too much because
yeah, I'm sure that they would be totally fine with selling used games.
Let's just say we go the model with the Steam items that they have, whether it be Counter
Strike stuff or it could be, you know, card packs or whatever.
They take a portion of that profit every time there's a sale.
And you could say, oh, well, we could give some of that to the developer as well.
But in the end, it ends up hurting the developer because, you know, I could buy this indie
game for $14.99 or I could pay whatever the use price is for it.
Well, Counterpoint, haven't we gone down this road before when the used game market first
started to show itself or held the video game rental market?
Didn't Nintendo hate that shit?
Like isn't that why there was a code with StarTropics?
Like Nintendo actually designed a game where you could not get past the halfway point or
wherever it was, two thirds point.
You could not get past that point without a secret letter that you dip in water.
Now, look, we all know that code is everywhere now.
It's 747, right?
You should know that code by now.
But the reality is Nintendo did that to try to fight the rental market and some of that
stuff.
I mean, it wasn't the most brilliant plan in the world, but they did take a page out
of Computer Gaming's book, right?
Remember when this software is copy protected, turn to page 34 in the manual and match the
design with, right?
That was all the combat used gaming and rental gaming and all that shit, right?
So one could argue we've been down this road before, the industry sided with the gamer
and having equity in the game, we weren't ruined.
So what makes this different now?
Well, it's because indie game, I think it's because the indie game development, you have
a lot of, there's like hundreds of developers out there just putting out these products,
making barely any money off of the software.
And now you're saying, oh boy, you're gonna make even less off of it now.
So it's kind of about like the indie game specifically, because now we live in an era,
you know, when we were talking to Star Tropics, NES cartridge era, every game was 50 bucks.
You know, maybe 40, maybe if you found a sale, it would be a little cheaper.
Every game was expensive.
And I get it, like there's the same amount of copies out there still.
So like, if you're, I remember the use game argument was, well, you know, back when they
were selling the online pass, you know, oh, well, if you buy a used copy of the buy an
online pass because we have to keep our servers running and shit like that, which didn't make
any sense because they already made that money the first time when they sold it originally.
But now this is a digital copy.
And I guess you could make the same argument for that.
But a lot of these indie studios, I don't think are necessarily charging like they don't
have that same model where they're charging you for an online pass or something like that.
So it would end up hurting these studios a lot more because they're making less money
off of it.
And plus, you know, that's a problem already with like keys getting leaked out there and
being sold by like G2A and stuff like that.
What's this going to happen?
You know, we get like key farmers coming in, buying shit like really cheap and then selling
stuff really cheap, you know, tanking the market on something.
Or you could even like, you know, play it like, I don't know if you'd be able to purchase
multiple copies of stuff, but like, you know, you take the market with one thing and you
purchase all those copies up and then wait for the value to go back out.
And I don't know, it's just, I want to open this up to chat and your guys's thoughts.
Do you guys think that digital resale of games, which we're about 30 days away from likely
seeing in France, do you think this is a good thing for the industry or a bad thing from
the industry?
And, you know, let's respect all the voices out there because I know this is probably
a contentious topic because we're talking about money.
But I think in many ways, this is uncharted territory.
So we don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing yet.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, there's that part of me that instinctively goes, oh, yay, that's free money for me.
So I think, oh, it's a good thing.
But then I definitely kind of pull back and I think, ah, shit, like things like Humble
Bundle probably wouldn't exist if those games held some sort of value in them.
But of course, you know, I don't know, like how much value do certain games really have?
I know that sounds like a really shitty thing to say, but I think the reality is too, is
that, okay, like, look, like here, the local chain Dimple Records just finally went under,
right?
I think they had like their last sale last week and Dimple Records was this local place
here in Sacramento where our show is based, where you could buy like DVDs and CDs and
things like that.
Vinyl, yeah.
Well, if you went in this last week to go look at the Slim Pickens, you got to go see
like those 25 cent DVDs where it's like Jillian from The Biggest Loser's Workout Tape number
12 on, you know, like it's the, it's that, right?
You know, and I think the reality is there are some games out there and I know this sounds
terrible, but there are some games out there that are the Jillian Michaels Workout Tape
number 12 of the gaming industry because, and I think some of them have done it to themselves.
Like I would say one of those games, ooh, now I'm going to get real nasty already.
I'm going to name names.
I'm gonna say one of those games is Fez.
Why do I, why do I say Fez is one of those games?
Because it's, I have like eight copies of it from all the Humble Bundles.
Because every time there's some giveaway on some platform, Fez has been there, right?
So I kind of think in that regard, like, well, how much is a copy of Fez really worth?
And I know that is a shitty thing to say, because Fez, your opinions on indie game,
the movie aside, Fez is a good game, you know, it should be, but like, it's so saturated
at this point.
It's like, who fucking doesn't have Fez at this point?
Like you've made a conscious decision, you don't want to play that game if you haven't
played it at this point.
I haven't played it yet.
It's not that I don't want to, it's just, it's, it's in the backlog of all the other
games.
All right.
Let's get into some of the comments in chat.
So Bobby talking about the online pass thing, saying a system administrators don't work
for free.
The idea was that the $60 price paid for the game developers who made the game and the
online pass paid for the separate people who were the system administrators who maintain
the game.
It made perfect sense.
It just wasn't a popular model.
Well, one could, I already know what Bobby's comment to that is going to be because it
would depend on who is hosting those servers.
Whereas on PC, there isn't exactly a front end to that.
I'm going to just, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's not do that.
What about all the billions of dollars they're making for microtransactions?
Can't that pay for servers, but they need the extra $5 on top of all of that.
To be fair.
That is the point I was going to make.
I was just going to say it a little differently.
It wasn't snarky enough.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Bobby does also say AAA games should actually cost way more than $60 because of inflation
of both the worth and the size of development teams.
Well, honestly, I'm actually going to say, I agree.
And I've been saying that for a while here on this show is that instead of doing these
online pass, nickel diming, loot boxes, just fucking suck it up and charge 70 bucks for
the game already.
Just, you know, I know that's not going to be popular.
Yes.
People are going to bellyache about it, but you know what?
Just fucking charge it.
They already do.
They plan out the DLC.
That's why they have this whole, you know, season pass crap that you're buying.
They split it off purposefully so that they do charge you more money because splitting
it up saying, Oh, well you're paying $60 here and then you pay for an online pass.
People can say, Oh, well it feels like it's an option, you know, but a lot of that content
that was in there originally in a lot of these games, they're purposely taking out and putting
in like online pass stuff or not online pass in the season passes.
They're at, they're taking the content out of the original game and piece mailing it
to you.
All right.
Getting into some of the comments about what do you think about this change or, you know,
I keep saying it's a change, but I guess still it's a potential change because you still
don't know how the chess pieces are going to move.
We don't know if steam's going to react that, but, uh, your reactions in chat fifth dream
today says, I think I can't wrap my head around it because a copy of a digital code is just
that.
Which costs a fraction of a set to transmit.
I agree.
The original sale has value to pay for labor to create it, but after that, I don't know.
She hold 10 says physical should cost more than digital.
Other than that, anything goes as far as reselling what you own.
Is that interesting though?
Like things are coming full circle in a way and that we have this whole limited run games
thing, right?
Yeah.
Limited run games is taking a lot of these digital games and creating these light collectibles,
collector's editions, and like really enhanced, cool things that sell out within seconds.
And they do cost a little bit of money, but I think some people like, that's really cool.
That's all the GameStop is nowadays is collectible things.
That's what they have in their story.
It's it's collectibles.
I mean, they have their games, they sell the used games, but it's mostly collectibles is
like a third, if not half of the store Questbuster in chat with another comment here saying everything's
going to games as a service now.
And one of the reasons is to keep devs employed instead of losing heads at the end of every
project, but also to keep players engaged.
Not everyone does games as a service well though.
Oh, what a good point because look at what's happening with Anthem right now.
Yikes.
Versus what's happening with Blizzard and Overwatch still going strong years after the
release of the game, right?
Now they've got the Switch version coming out, which, you know, people are going crazy
about as well.
So it just kind of depends on, I think the company in a big way and the game that they're
doing for sure.
Also I want to point out, cause I thought this was really funny, Slag Kick actually
linked us to a copy of, from the year 2009, Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum, which
was a game on the Nintendo Wii, and saying Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum is the
Jillian Michaels volume 12 of video games.
If we did name episodes of OLR, I feel like the title of tonight's show would be in there
somewhere.
It would be Fitness Ultimatum.
Michael Pacas in chat says, I forgot Anthem existed.
The power that that has, the influence that that has, the international implications that
has.
No, it's like, it's what a true statement.
Like y'all remember Anthem?
Let's do a retro throw, but the classic game of the week this week is Anthem.
Remember when people were really excited about Anthem?
Yeah, that's gonna be fun because in 10 years time you're not gonna be able to play that
game.
At all.
It'll be just completely dead.
Bobby does want to say a little more on what's going on.
I am kind of cherry picking some comments here for time.
But Bobby does say realize with, if you want to see all the comments, you got to go to
our Twitch page over twitch.tv slash vog network, where we do tape live every Sunday night right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show at six o'clock, seven, nine o'clock Eastern and chats do save
for two weeks.
They don't say forever, sadly, but they do save for two weeks.
And you can, what does save forever is episodes of Orange Launch Radio.
If you are a subscriber at vog network, you can watch endless episodes of Orange Launch
Radio and the Bobby Black Wolf show and other vog network specials as they occur, hopefully
more to happen in the future, but you get access to all that.
And I plug all of that because it's September and this is actually the last night that you
can actually get a half off subscription.
So if you want, at least last Sunday night, I think the actual September promotion has
a couple more days in it, however much longer September is, but September is tonight.
So if you do want to subscribe, you want to do a half off, tonight's a great time to do
that.
Don't forget if you are Twitch, excuse me, an Amazon prime person, you get one free prime
subscription and you can use that and then you're basically getting it for free, although
you already paid through it for it through Amazon prime.
So anyway, sorry, I had to make sure I get the little pitch.
I would do it once.
I don't like to sit here and beg all night long, but I had to make sure I get it out
at some point.
I'd be a bad broadcaster if I didn't at least try to try to course you to subscribe at least
once throughout this three hour stream.
Okay.
Bobby does say, realize that with the digital code, there's also server space and bandwidth
costs to transmit the game to you a little more than a fraction of a cent.
And a lot of people do kind of write that off, but it is, for example, Steam has to
run those servers to redeem keys and things like that, it ain't free.
But yeah, we can also remember that most games that are $60 out there, the actual price
that like, say your GameStop or whatever is paying is closer to $50.
So there's that markup there, which they just pocket that when they are selling it digitally.
Bobby Blackwell says, but nowadays, the vast majority of DLC doesn't get started until
the game is out.
Do you consider the extra Smash Brothers fighter fighters to have been ripped out of the game?
I'm not saying every company does it.
And I think that's an important point.
This is company by company and which companies do we trust and which do we not?
Let's put it this way.
It's not necessarily...
Okay, I'm trying to think of a good example of stuff that's been ripped out of games.
A lot of it seems to be...
Street Fighter 5 characters were on the disc.
Well, yeah, there's that.
The Oblivion horse armor, for God's sake.
Go throw back to the classic DLC that was on the disc.
The horse armor was just kind of stupid.
It was just kind of a dumb example of like, hey, here's something we're selling for $5.
You're an idiot if you buy it type of thing.
Whereas then the rest of the DLC that they had for like the other Oblivion stuff was
actually all right.
But there is stuff though that is, especially when you're talking about games in a franchise
where it's sequel to sequel, where there's features that they had before and they're
taking them out and then selling them back to you later.
There's stuff that's just been kind of like...
Oh, for example, so in Madden NFL, okay, Madden NFL 19, I believe, they had like X number
of faces that you could choose from for your characters.
This year, they have those same faces, like literally the faces are exactly the same.
They didn't remodel anything, they didn't do anything.
This is for your player characters, but they actually have less of them and the additional
faces that are offered that were in the last game, they're selling to you as DLC.
You have to buy it to those faces.
They're already made.
It is the same fucking model, the same...
They didn't change anything.
It is exactly the same and they're selling you those pieces because EA is fucking shit.
That's why.
And actually it's funny because Bobby in chat says we're giving examples from many years
ago.
Do you have games that were released in the last two years?
So funny enough there.
Yes.
And he just...
Madden NFL.
Actually, I was going to say, I would have said Star Wars Battlefront 2.
I mean, it wasn't so much DLC, but it was that loot box shit, right?
Like we all know that was like loot boxes, the new DLC, right?
But regardless, what are these two games we just gave you have in common?
It's EA.
Yeah.
Wow.
And Anthem isn't doing too well because people all kind of knew that the game was...
What does Anthem have in common with these games that we mentioned?
EA.
Let's not forget though.
Let's not say it's just EA, 2K games also take two, Interactive also very bad about
this stuff.
And I say that as a fan of Grand Theft Auto.
That's Rockstar Games.
Rockstar Games is awesome, but holy shit is like the monetization really just like ridiculous.
I don't play Grand Theft Auto online anymore, but it's gotten ridiculous is the amount of
money because they smell the money.
They know it's there.
They're just going to try to monetize the show and same with like NBA 2K 20.
That's all you hear about now is all of the monetization of loot boxes and actual gambling
in the game.
Like that's all that people are talking about.
I am going to reign it back a bit because we've got to distance ourselves a little bit
from the original topic.
So let me kind of like to try to wrap this up, put a bow on it.
Like what, where do we go from here?
Do we think that, you know, there's an appeal that's going to happen?
What's your prediction for what happens in the next 30 days?
I think they're going to appeal and then we'll see another court case, another argument regarding
it.
And I think if they actually are forced to do it, then they'll probably just pay the
fine and see, I don't know if the court will force them to do it after that six months,
but I think the fine would be less than what they would have to pay with.
I don't know if they would do that to the developers.
And also with, with that, it's kind of weird.
Why would it only be valve?
It should be not only games, but movies, music, like anything that you're buying digital books,
anything digitally that you're purchasing that all should fall under the same thing.
So I would be, I would, whereas valve might not make a big stink about it.
The RIAA will make a big fucking stink about it.
And the movie industry will make a huge fucking stink about it.
Interesting.
Why would there be some type of alliance between steam and Hollywood based on what you're saying?
Because it's, it's just a slippery slope because it, why would it only pertain to games?
You know, it's the same model.
You're purchasing a digital license for this product.
So I would see that it's very much in a line.
And so if they're probably closely watching what's going to happen here, because if it,
if the court says, yeah, they have to be able to resell that stuff, then that would go the
same for music and all this other stuff, which they're not going to want.
All right.
And, and who influences YouTube the most?
It's the music industry and the movie industry.
So obviously they have some pole when it comes to that kind of stuff.
Okay.
Um, interesting because I would have said, I actually think it's a really interesting
point because I would have said, I bet steam just pulls out of France.
I bet steam cuts their losses and just pulls out of France.
But um, you know, sorry France, but I think you believe it or not.
I think you bring up a great point because it doesn't end with seem like they can decide
to do that, but there's going to be more.
If Hollywood isn't watching what's happening here, they damn well ought to be because it
could have, you know, especially because what Hollywood is making a shit ton of money off
digital now too.
I'm not just talking about things like Netflix and Hulu, but they release movies digital
before they're out on Blu-ray, right?
That's like a common trend now is to sell digital and why, why if I'm Hollywood, if
I'm Paramount pictures, if I'm Sony pictures, classics, if I'm, if I'm any of these movie
companies, why do I want to allow you to buy it digitally a week or two before it's out
on Blu-ray?
Why do I want you to do that?
So you don't rent it from red box.
And so I don't sell it back.
And so I don't take it.
I can't, I can't give it to a friend.
I can't do anything.
But like, honestly, like what is the used market for DVDs nowaday?
I mean, like, aside from, I guess, selling on like eBay or Amazon or something like that,
I mean, locally, like places that do like buy, sell, trade, I think those are very like,
they're almost all gone nowadays.
Like I don't think that there's a large market of aside from, I guess, you know what, there
is more of a market out there because there's, you know, the Facebook marketplace type stuff.
It is more accessible, like kind of the online marketplaces, but definitely like physical
marketplaces.
And, you know, we just had one of those businesses go out and because the buy, sell, trade model
isn't working out for them.
Well, physical media isn't working out for them either.
But yeah, I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, usually it's France who retweet retreats.
Sorry, I screwed up your punchline.
Zing.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Good discussion, though.
I'm very curious to see what the next 30, I think we'll be revisiting this topic very
soon in the next 30 days as that deadline gets closer.
But in the meantime, let's take a trip around what we've been playing this week.
I mentioned earlier in the show, it's been a very big week for video games.
I think a lot of big releases this week.
Let's talk about what we've gotten our hands on.
But speaking of things that you have your hands on folks in our chat room now, this
is an audio podcast.
Of course, it has been for forever.
So you guys can't see what the Twitch people are saying.
But the Twitch people are noticing like, what the hell is Loki eating?
Is he having like breadsticks for dinner?
Yes, I am.
Okay, so what is this?
It's Italian cheese bread from Little Caesars.
Okay, so there it is.
And it does.
It's it looks like a carbolicious meal.
It sure does.
It is.
You've mentioned this before that one reason you prefer to do breadsticks to pizza is that
it's like way cheaper to just not have sauce.
Yeah.
And also their pizza is not that great.
And I was short on time today and my and as I mentioned on Twitter, I don't know if anyone
actually follows.
The chicken place I was really loving this Korean chicken, you know, oven chicken place.
It went out of business.
That was a recorded episode.
That was the week I was out of town.
It was super good.
But like, and I got all my co-workers hooked on it.
And then they went out of business and they're like, no, this is horrible.
Why did you do that?
You know, they don't pay their rent, I guess, you know, they get evicted.
Yeah.
Pod culture says smooshes favorite chicken.
Yeah.
I will say this, even though Smoosh was going a little crazy earlier, I thought I saw him
lying down over here earlier.
He left.
He must have left.
He when Loki brings something like this, the cat doesn't give a shit about cheesy bread.
Yeah.
It's the chicken that he wants.
He doesn't care about.
And I wanted to get chicken, but like, sorry, this isn't crazy.
You very distinctly said this is not not crazy, right?
Because this stuff's way better than crazy bread.
It's more like a kind of a thick crust pizza without sauce and with cheese on it.
All right.
Let's get into video games.
Can't talk about food all night.
How was your gaming week?
Um, I did not play any of the new games that came out this week and said I played Borderlands
three.
So I've been playing more of that.
I'm on the second planet, probably leaving the second or leave, yeah, leaving the second
planet.
Um, I've been doing a lot of the side missions, so I don't have to go back.
It's pretty fun.
I like the game a lot.
Um, yeah, I mean, there's not much really I can say about it.
I've been wanting to do the Twitch streaming thing, but I haven't figured out how to download
the plug in or whatever that you need to do that, because that would be pretty cool to,
I guess, people that watch you can actually get loot and stuff in their games and they
can give you loot or something somehow.
So I do want to try that out at some point.
But I've been doing that and then I've been working a little bit on my game, not so much
this weekend, because like yesterday I was really tired.
I did work on it yesterday, but this morning I wanted to work on it and I was up early
because I couldn't sleep, but I couldn't sleep because I had a migraine.
And so I couldn't really work on it because my brain hurt.
And so, um, I'm getting there.
I'm just trying to, I had the, I shifted everything to a different, so Unity has like their standard
lighting engine and then they also have these new ones now.
It's um, the lightweight render engine or render pipeline is what they call it.
And so I switched all my assets over to that because you can do a thing called a shader
graph that allows you to build shaders visually using like a graph and it's pretty cool.
You can do all sorts of cool effects with it.
So I switched everything over that and that took a long time to get everything to be where
I wanted it to be and to actually show up like I wanted to and get the lighting correct.
And then after I got done with that, I'm like, man, I'm wasting a lot of time on stuff that
really should be part of polish and not actually part of the game.
But I was doing that because I was trying to get respawning of stuff in and what I was
doing was taking too long.
And so I was like, well, just have stuff, just teleport in and like, I don't have a
teleport effect.
Let me build one of those.
And so I did, but it was just kind of, it was a side mission on the, on the game development
thing.
So, um, but yeah, we're back, back on track of that and I'll be working through more of
that game and play more Borderlands 3.
I do want to play the untitled goose game and go through legends all as well, but not
yet.
Oh, and then Pokemon go.
I've been playing a little bit of that.
We'll talk a little more about that since it's coming up.
They put a new poke stop at my park.
I can't, I can't get my son's programming place to be a focus up, but they'll make the
slide at my park, a pokey site structures are acceptable portals.
So yeah, it makes sense.
Whatever it works out for me because the next time we go to the park, I don't have to like
walk over to where the, the pokey stop is or whatever.
I can just sit and watch them play and just, aren't you level 10 and ingress, can you submit
your own stuff?
I do.
Yeah, you should.
I did.
Cause you tried to get you.
Okay.
Yeah.
And I submitted several times.
I haven't gotten a rejection, but I haven't gotten an acceptance either.
And that was back in may.
Hmm.
Interesting.
I use using Ingers prime to submit is so much easier because you get to take the two photos
and write a justification on why it should be accepted.
Yeah.
I think when I was doing it and probably wasn't letting me, I think I did it in, um, redacted,
which I obviously won't be able to do very soon.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Interesting.
All right.
Oh, I did.
I did play ingress a little bit today too.
Oh, cause we went to a new park that I, we know we've hit all the parks in the area,
but apparently there was one that I missed.
And so I went there and you know, I was like, well, I'm done with poke stop rate or I've
hit all this, the Pokemon, the area, I'll leave a little bit over the ingress real quick.
And then I captured the two portals there and get some uniques.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That works.
All right.
Um, my gaming week, uh, Oh, real quickly, I want to mention before we get into my gaming
week, cause I was talking about the subscription and all that stuff and how, uh, it's September
and all that.
I forgot to mention, uh, Bobby Blackwell found this cool little plugin for our discord server,
where if you have your Twitch and your discord accounts, like connected, like you tell discord,
like this is your Twitch and whatever.
If you're actually a subscriber of our channel, you get access to a brand new chat room.
That's only for subscribers.
Um, I don't know.
I mean, obviously we kind of want to limit the use of that because you know, we want
everybody to have, you know, we don't want people to be limited by it like a money thing,
but I've been like, okay, what are some, what are some things I can put in the subscriber
chat to make people feel like, Ooh, I'm getting extra value.
So I've been posting a cat picture.
I posted some behind the scenes pictures today too.
I did that during Bobby's show.
I was like, Oh, maybe people would want to see like a little extra, like, what does it
look like here in the studio from some other angles and things like that.
So maybe, maybe I'll try to keep doing that.
I don't know.
I'll do what you want and I'll do my best to, uh, try to add that.
But if you are a subscriber, make sure you got your Twitch and your discord kind of linked
and then take out, take, cause it's all automated.
We're not like manually adding people, uh, take a look at our discord server over at
vog at network.com slash discord, and you can see that bonus little chat room that's
right there.
All right.
Let's talk about my gaming week.
So I have played, um, it's been a really good week for games.
And of course, one of the big releases that came out this week was the remake of the legend
of Zelda links awakening, right?
So, um, this is actually video that we're showing on the Twitch feed.
This is me playing, you can tell cause it's a Mr. Smoosh.
So I did a little bit of a stream earlier in the week and, uh, I continue doing some
playthrough and I did a little recording of like the first little bit of that.
Um, and you can see just how cute this game is.
I love the graphic style, um, that they went with, with the game.
Uh, it kind of reminds me of, let's say a link to the past, which is ironic because
I believe the game boy version started as a portable version of a link to the past that
they kind of kind of turned into its own thing.
Um, but you just saw on the Twitch feed, I access the map.
I love how detailed this map is that they've added in the game because you can actually
use map markers to help you find stuff.
And um, I love the sense of humor this game has.
Of course that was there a little bit in the original game as well, but man, it's just
such, I mean, remember this game was on the fricking brick game boy.
It was in black and white.
The resolution on those things was what, like 144 pixels wide.
Like it wasn't a lot that you could really fit on those things, but then they have like
gameplay color version practically like a new, yes, it was one of those games that would
play on the black and white and it would play on the color.
Um, so, uh, yeah, uh, it, it would have some enhanced color, but come on, it looks nothing
like this, right?
Still, you're really limited by that, um, resolution, but, um, some of the re-imagining
is some of the songs is done really well.
Even the little doo, doo, doo, doo tone sounds like really cool.
Um, Oh, which I think I just kind of hit in the video there.
How ironic.
Um, but yeah, so, um, it just looks so good and it's, it's like kind of like that classic
Zelda.
I mean, obviously Zelda's kind of gone like two different directions, right?
Like this is the more Nintendo super Nintendo style, which we, which we got to revisit a
little bit when they did a link between two worlds on the 3DS, right?
So it's like we haven't had like a 2D or a 2.5 D Zelda in a long time.
So this fills a void that I think a lot of us like people that really like their old
school games.
I think this game really fills a void that many of us have been like craving, even if
it is a re-imagining of an older game.
You know what?
I barely fricking remember that old game.
I never played the old game.
Oh, well then it's practically like playing a new game for you.
But I think even for me, like I kind of remembered the beginning-ish of the game a little bit,
but then from there, I don't, I didn't even remember that you were trying to collect instruments.
Like I didn't even remember that that was a thing in the game at all.
So, um, it's almost like playing a brand new Zelda game to me, honestly.
So I'm a big fan.
I have not, however, sadly gotten to the dungeon maker mode yet.
Um, that's something I think that I get a little later.
Um, I, it does not seem to be in the game by default.
Somebody was saying that it replaces like an older mode in the, um, old, uh, Link's Awakening
game on the Game Boy.
So it's something that I'll come across probably a little later in the game.
So, uh, Slidekick in chat says it looks like a toy village and I want toys out of it.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just, well, you can get an amiibo, which I have resisted.
I haven't really bought a lot of amiibo in a long time.
It doesn't seem like it did, did very much other than like, it said it put a dark version
of Link in your dungeon when you do the dungeon maker.
Interesting.
Yeah.
The amiibo in these games shouldn't do a lot, you know, it shouldn't, it shouldn't like
radically affect the game, right?
So a little something, something is, is okay.
So anyway, I am enjoying Link's Awakening.
I just, I, I love the 2D Zelda.
Don't get me wrong.
Like Breath of the Wild really kind of really won me over on 3D Zelda games the way I'm
not sure any other Zelda game has in a long time.
I don't know when I first played Twilight Princess on the Wii, like I fricking loved
that game too.
You know, the 3D Zeldas have always been kind of just like a different direction to me.
It's really great to revisit the old school Zelda games as well.
So I am a big fan of that.
I've also been playing a little bit of classic World of Warcraft, still leveling my priest.
I see slykicks in chat.
We've been actually teaming up on some things a little bit.
I hit level 17 on my priest today, which for classic wow, that's like hitting end game
and current wow.
So I would say I'm doing pretty well so far.
I'm at a high enough level where I could go to the dead mines pretty soon.
I've still been playing Final Fantasy 14 as well.
I don't know if Shane's in chat.
I thought I saw him earlier, but we've still been teaming up a little bit.
My gun blade, I always mess up the name of the, I was, I almost said gunslinger because
I can never remember the right name of the class, but my gun blade I've, who have actually
really been enjoying playing as a tank class.
I love playing that class, um, is now level 72.
I think I'm going to hit 72 yesterday.
So that's, that's it.
Oh, good.
I still can't get the name right.
It's gunbreaker.
Shane, you know what ruined me?
It's that one night when we were sitting there and we were calling it all these random wrong
names.
Now I can't remember the right names anymore.
Uh, I'm dying.
See my gunbreaker, whatever it's called is like level 72, which getting pretty close
to max level, max levels 80.
So I'm, I'm doing good.
Just so you know.
All right.
That cat, what can you do?
All right.
Is his other dad should be home maybe in about 30 minutes and hopefully we'll shut him up.
All right.
Anyhow, I got to talk about one other game that I played this week because I love this
game.
So, you know, a lot of people are saying that this is like a new music game that you really
have to check out, right?
I don't know if I would say that this is a music game, but it's a game you really should
check out.
Sayonara Wild Hearts and uh, Willie has some gameplay on Twitch, uh, that again, I recorded
this myself, so there's flaws and everything.
You're going to see me hit a wall at some point and it just kind of, it just drops you
back a little bit and you have to kind of keep going.
So folks are calling this a music game and I felt like it was something I kind of had
to check out because I am a fan of music games and things like that.
Um, I actually, I'm not sure this is a music game.
Are there parts of the game where you have to like hit a button in a certain rhythm?
Yes, that does exist.
Is the soundtrack incredible?
Fuck yes it is.
This is an incredible soundtrack.
I know it's really hard for you to hear in the studio because we have to lower the audio
or they can't hear over our voices and we have to echo, um, but hopefully over the stream
and on the podcast you can hear a little bit of music in the background.
It is a great soundtrack.
I mean, it's just like, I actually looked up the soundtrack on Spotify and I've been
listening to it in my car.
It's so good.
Um, so what is the game if it's not really a music game?
You know what it is to me?
Okay.
It kind of, see, here's the rhythm part.
That's where like, I'm actually like hitting the button with it, but this game is so fucking
stylish.
I mean, look at it.
Like they're freaking jumping and doing twirls and going down this road and now she's flying
through the air and it's like this pilot wings type of sequence or something and it just,
it looks beautiful.
This is one of those games where it's like, you're going to sit there and tell me video
games aren't art.
Fucking play Sayonara Wild Hearts because this is like art in motion.
It's beautiful.
Um, but I would say this game, you know what it reminds me of?
Okay.
Do you guys remember the bonus stage in Sonic the Hedgehog 2?
No.
No.
You remember you had that big tail pipe and you would run up and down and collect the
rings and like you would try to avoid the little spikes and things.
Okay.
That, but make it 2019.
I kind of feel like that's the best way I can describe Sayonara Wild Hearts.
Imagine Sonic the Hedgehog 2's bonus stage, but like 2019 and a beautiful as hell.
Oh, this is another stage that, cause I wanted to make sure I included more than one song.
So there's another stage that's a little more of a first person view.
So it almost feels like you're playing like a racing game at some points until you know,
again, it gets very stylish.
Now it's a shooter.
You're like auto shooting these obstacles that are ahead of you.
And at some point if I talk long, long enough, you get to see like the big three headed dog
that comes out and all this stuff.
Um, S200 Matt in chat says Annapurna Interactive does such amazing games like this.
Yeah.
They're a great publishing company.
Uh, the developer was another company out of Sweden whose name I forget in the moment,
but they are very big on like iPhone games has been their bread and butter.
Um, and so this is their first game that was kind of beyond just the iPhone.
Now this game is available on iPhone.
It's actually a Apple arcade because that was the whole big thing last week.
Right?
Yeah.
So some people are experienced because all it is, it's just, uh, even if you are playing
on the Nintendo switch where I captured this game, it's just using the controller and then
using the button.
That's it.
It's controller slash one button.
So I imagine on a mobile, it's just probably like dragging around the screen, probably
very simple.
Uh, it is also available on PlayStation four, not available on Android and also not available
on PC.
So you would have to do PS4, no Xbox, no Xbox right now.
No, it's, it's an interesting kind of lineup, but I think I'm a fat out of B roll there.
It's an interesting lineup though of, uh, you know, the, uh, the iPhone and then two
more traditional consoles with the switch and the PlayStation four, but I highly recommend
it.
I think if you are a fan of music games, you're going to like this enough.
I just, you know, when I first heard it was a music game, I was like, Oh, it's going to
be like elite beat agents, or it's going to be like, you know, guitar, Roman or something.
I don't know if I really see that, but I just think the soundtrack is so good and kind of
adjacent to the music.
I really enjoyed it.
A lot of those games, I think most music game fans are going to get a kick enough out of
this.
I, I, I think this will be one of my top games of the year.
I really do.
Uh, the one complaint it's really short, it's a short game.
So there's a lot of people that are probably going to be like, Oh, I beat it in two hours.
That's it.
Um, you know, like most music games, there's only what, like 20 songs in it or something
like that.
So once you kind of get there, it does tell a story it's, uh, you know, kind of from start
to finish, I'll, I'll let you all kind of experience that on your own if you want to
play it.
Um, but it is a short game.
I would say though, it's one of those games where there's a lot of room for improvement.
Um, and, uh, if you, uh, you might, I have yet to get a gold rank on a stage.
Let me put it that way.
I've gotten some bronze ranks, some silver ranks, but it's really hard.
You really have to memorize the patterns and what's coming up in order to get a gold
rank.
So there is some replay value in that regard.
And here's some other interesting news.
The game kind of has a Bobby Black Wolf mode sort of built in.
So what'll happen, um, if you keep slamming into the same tree over and over, let's say
once you screw up like three or four times, what'll happen is one of the like spirits,
it's kind of part of the game's mythology will show up and say, it seems that you're
having difficulty passing this part.
Would you like to skip this part?
And you can just skip right past it and go to the next part.
Um, or you can say no, or you can say no and never offer this again.
So depending on the type of gamer you are, you know, if you're Bobby Black Wolf, you
might say, yeah, I'm going to skip this one part.
It's kind of hard.
But if you're like, you know, that hardcore gamer, you can say no and never bother me
ever again.
So there is that.
So, uh, uh, Shad is in chat saying, have you tackled the hidden riddles yet?
No, I have not.
I've, I've, I feel like I've barely scratched the surface on what this game has to offer.
So, um, I've got plenty more to explore, but, uh, it's just, what can I say?
It's been a crazy week for games, lots of stuff.
There's other games that came out that I haven't gotten around to yet.
I know a lot of people are really excited about the, um, I keep wanting to say asshole
goose game, but I guess they really did officially change the title, untitled goose game.
I guess it's probably easier to convince more families to play it, uh, when it's untitled
goose game, but y'all know wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
That's why it's untitled.
Right?
Cause it wasn't the development name, asshole goose game.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyway, I swear.
I think that's what they just, people are calling it.
Yeah.
So, uh, I still need to get on that, but it's been, and, and Shane is in chat saying, yeah,
you haven't played the best game of the year that came out this week.
I know he's a big fan of it.
Uh, hopefully we'll hear from the, uh, hear from him later in the show to tell us more
about the game.
Um, but, uh, yeah, it's just, there's, this has been a really good week for games.
The fall season is here, right?
Like the first leaf falls from the tree, pumpkin spice lattes are in full swing and here come
the fall video game releases like big time.
This week was huge and it's just, what are some other big, I mean, borderlands as well
was just within the past two weeks.
Yeah.
I mean that was a huge kickoff too.
What do we have coming up in the next couple weeks?
Control was another one.
Oh yeah.
Control.
Oh my God.
I want to play that one too.
And in the next couple of weeks, what, we have a big one coming out this week too.
Right.
Um, I feel like there was something this weekend that's a big deal.
That's coming out too.
There's a lot of stuff going on.
So there's probably, I mean, there's always big stuff coming out in the fourth quarter.
Yeah.
Don't say leading up to the, uh, it was a big release this weekend.
Maybe I'm, yeah, there's, um, a few things coming out.
Um, you know, anything really huge that jumps out at me, there was something, I don't know.
It's fine.
You know, CUNY was last week.
So you know, well, yeah, there's another one I got to pick up, although that one's just
kind of like a redo on the switch, so I feel a little okay skipping that one cause I did
play that.
Um, also I guess I could say this one other little FIFA, that's another one.
One other little thing that I picked up was I found, um, at Walmart, another for my little
mini arcade machine collection, they have mortal combat now in the collection.
That's actually, um, on Twitch.
For those that are looking towards the right side of the screen, there's a Pac-Man that's
brand new as well in color, but you know, Pac-Man y'all seen Pac-Man, but now there's
a mortal combat.
And what's funny about the mortal combat, um, I'm actually going to show this on screen
here.
I'll walk up.
But there's actually six buttons on the mortal combat machine and look, he was like, what's
that for?
It has two block buttons for whatever reason.
I don't know why they set it up.
Like you said that it was emulated off of the Genesis version.
So when you look at it, it really looks like the Genesis version.
So here's the funny thing.
I bought two because the other was for dark Sakura.
So I want to show you, uh, what it looks like real quick on the Twitch stream, but you're
going to have to talk through this here while I do this.
Yeah.
Um, yeah.
Cause I noticed something like, well, doesn't that normally have five buttons?
That's kind of weird, but yeah, there it is.
And it's, it's glory.
It's very, uh, lifelike and you can tell it kind of looks like the Genesis version to
me.
I mean, but I mean, I mean, it's still like, you know, can you imagine back when you're
playing moral combat when it first came out that, Hey, you know, someday they're going
to have a tabletop version of that.
That's really, you know, I know a few bucks.
I'm trying to think of how to like tell people how big that is.
It's about like, it's not that much bigger than like maybe my stream tech.
I don't know.
I don't know how to like relate the size of that thing, but it's really not that big.
So, uh, dark Tetsuya does point out moral combat is the Genesis one, but there's no
blood code.
See, I knew it.
I knew there was going to be something with those that they wouldn't, that I was like,
they sell these in the kid's aisle.
They've got to do something because I was even talking to the checkout lady about it.
Uh, she was saying something like, Oh, mortal combat.
They have this in one of these little machines and I was like, yeah, uh, I'm like, it's,
it's back there.
I said, I bet though I wouldn't buy it for kids, but they have Pac-Man as well.
I don't remember the topic kind of came up, but, um, yeah, I kind of figured if it was
the Genesis version, it may not, a lot of people forget.
Yes.
The Genesis version had blood, but you had to put in a code.
What was it?
A B B A C A Abiaka or something.
I don't remember.
Do you guys remember the code?
Who remembers the blood code, but I don't think you can just put it in, in that machine.
Sadly, um, uh, sort of adjacent to this one, Abba cab.
Oh, I was really close Abba cab, uh, ABB, AC ABB.
Um, tiger class says, speaking of mortal combat, I posted a video that had the actors who played
Lou Kang and Johnny cage playing on the mortal combat arcade.
One up cabinet, the actors from the original mortal combat movie.
That is not the new one.
Um, Oh, from the movie, like, see, when I originally saw actors from moral combat, I
thought it was the people that they performance captured for the moral combat was the original.
That's weird.
It was the original mortal combat movie.
Oh yeah.
Tiger club.
Put that in our discord over, uh, vog network.com VOG network.com slash discord, um, actually
put that video.
I imagine the whole thing was probably a sales pitch for the arcade one up because, uh, actually
not only do you see the baby machine, but then when I went over to the software area,
they had those big arcade one up cabinets for like 299 bucks or however they went.
And I saw the mortal combat one sitting there, Lord.
I was tempted.
I was tempted, but since I'm like new at my job still, and I'm in that awkward, I got
paid from the last job, but I haven't gotten paid at the new job yet.
You know, y'all know, if you ever change, y'all know that you end up in that weird kind
of like times where you don't have a paycheck for a little bit.
Um, so that's in that weird gap that I'm at right now.
So, um, I have to wait until I spoil myself with things like that.
Uh, Tochen says, go get the mortal combat to arcade one up bundle from Costco.
It's upgrading.
You get more for your dollar.
You know, it's like $300.
That one was 20 bucks.
Not even that was like 1980, something like that.
So I do want those arcade one up machines though.
Don't get me wrong.
But then I'm also like, where the fuck am I going to fit that in this house?
I have, I need less crap in this house, not more crap.
That's the other big problem.
All right.
Anyway, that's enough for our gaming weeks.
I think we should get into some of the news stories from this week.
We're going to start off with, we were just talking about this during our gaming weeks.
So let's get into, uh, Pokemon.
Yeah.
So Pokemon go has expanded into the Unova region, which I thought it was just a few
of them that came out.
I didn't realize that it was the whole thing, but, um, apparently, yeah, they've got quite
a few new Pokemon.
So um, right now it's, it looks like about like maybe like eight to 10 new Pokemon that
are popping up.
I've gotten a few of the angry chipmunk one and also the pigeon.
I love the pigeon one.
It's my new favorite.
Um, and Shane's bringing up a very important point in our chat room is that it's not all
a gen five.
It's like the first part.
They're doing this like they did gen four.
They're giving you the starters and some of the trashy Mon, you know, a little taste.
Um, but it's not the whole thing, but Shane, I'm surprised your reaction wasn't more like,
we got Oshawa and that's all that we need.
You want to hear what I did this week?
You want to hear, I'm going to expose Shane as the cheater he is, but I enabled it a little
bit.
So Shane's favorite Pokemon is Oshawa, which is one of the starters in gen five, right?
The, the cute little like otter thing with the shell on its chest, which I never realized
he actually like rips off the chest and like attacks with.
It's like super cute.
Um, so, uh, that's his favorite, but that one's, it's really hard to find.
They don't have those everywhere.
So I think Shane was able to catch like one, uh, in his adventures well in looking at the
local discord down in Elk Grove here locally at the sports park there.
Guess what?
It's an Oshawa nest.
So Shane logged out of his account, stayed out of his account for five hours and then
had me log into his account at this nest and just catch Oshawa at the park so that then
we stayed out of it for another five hours or whatever the travel time would feasibly
be at a Boise to hop on a plane or whatever.
And uh, he logged into back into the account and he had a ton of Oshawa because actually
it wasn't just that.
So it wasn't just me catching them, but then Alan, and this was Alan's idea, Alan caught
a bunch as well and was like, well, why don't I just trade Shane?
Like like I'm going to have 20 of these, only two or three of them are going to be decently
appraised.
I'll just trade all these one star zero star Oshawa and he can have more.
And I was like, Shane would probably really like that.
So we filled up his account with Oshawa.
So I know, and, and one of those Oshawa when we traded one of them went lucky.
So he got like a lucky on his account.
So I know he's got to be happy with all that thing.
So, uh, so yeah, the gen five starters, they do nest.
It's just that since they're competing with all the other nests out there, they can be
hard to find.
Um, but I imagine the other, uh, uh, starters, the little fire piggy, uh, and the grass thing
that looks like all the other grass things.
Um, they also nest, uh, as well, which I haven't caught either of those other starters.
Oshawa's the only starter I've caught so far, but I did.
I went out there and caught, you know, P dove and there was one, one little cat things
per something was on the house earlier.
Um, I got the, like I said, it looked like an angry chipmunk or something.
I don't know what that is.
Oh, the, uh, Pat rat.
Uh, maybe I know they get my decks here.
Let's see.
Yeah.
So it was, I got the, um, yeah, Pat rat and then, um, the little pup and I swear the pigeon
one was one as well.
But maybe is that last gen still?
No P dove is gen five.
Really?
Yeah.
Where is it then?
Did I not catch it?
Maybe you haven't caught it yet.
I started to get this from gen five.
I actually, I just caught, there was an evolved because I had a silhouette.
Oh no, here it is.
Here it is.
I didn't know it.
See, it was stuck at the bottom there.
One of the evolved, one of those I caught in the wild randomly.
I didn't think I'd find one of those, but it was at the park and I was walking around
there earlier today.
So, um, but yeah, uh, I got to say gen five kind of has me interested in Pokemon again.
Cause I was, I was really burned out on it, um, honestly.
And then when Harry Potter came out, I was like, Oh, something else to play.
But now it's like, I'm kind of burned out on Ingress at this point, which is bad because
Ingress, uh, we have that anomaly coming up here locally, but I think it's all the, and
I don't know how much I can really talk about it.
It's all the planning that goes into an anomaly.
I'm like already like, can this anomaly be done please?
So I'm kind of like burned out on Ingress at this point.
So Pokemon goes kind of like the thing where I'm like, okay, Ooh, there's something new
and shiny going on over here.
So I want to go play this game for a little bit.
So it's fun kind of catching the new stuff.
So people are like finally getting presents from me again when people were like, why haven't
you sent me a present in two months?
Cause I haven't been playing, I got distracted by like Harry Potter and stuff.
What can I, what can I say?
All right.
Um, uh, Totion says, Rob, don't forget about those hot Mr. Mime eggs.
I didn't get a shiny Mr. Mime, but I did get a shiny, um, Tauros hatched from an egg.
And I caught shiny, two of them, shiny Yanma are going on this weekend.
Those really gross looking bug things, but they're green and blue and the shiny one,
they're kind of a cute little, uh, color combination.
I caught two randomly at work, so I guess I shouldn't complain cause I bet some people
are having a hard time even, uh, capturing one.
So now act deaf to screaming at me to open my damn gifts.
I'm sorry.
It's because we're already four star friends act deaf.
So I tend to prioritize the people that are lower on the list.
So sorry.
Um, I will do my best, but yeah, if we weren't limited to 20 a day, I'd open more gifts,
but yeah, it's, I am really bad at opening gifts, but like when I'm out there for community
day, I think on community day, I sent a gift to every single person on my list.
If I could, unless you like had one in the backlog, I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
So Pokemon go, we'll see how long the gen five thing lasts for.
And hopefully, um, people will be, um, continue to be interested in the game.
Uh, but what long, what long legs this game has had?
Yes.
Right.
When most people thought it was, yeah, most people said it was a dead game a long time
ago.
Um, this game has a very long life.
This series anyway, dragon quest is the next series to talk about dragon quest one, two,
and three, those new little remakes, uh, the little, uh, reimagining of the game.
They are coming out in the U S that's very exciting because these were available in Japan
previously.
Uh, it's kind of like a reimagined version of dragon quest one, two, and three, which
of course with the NES games in the series back in the day.
Um, so they, the, the reimagining or it's just kind of like HD textures and things like
that are coming out, uh, on the Nintendo switch eShop on September 27th, just in time
for dragon quest 11 S echoes of an elusive age that is also launching the same day.
And I'm sure many people are looking forward to that.
Um, I don't, I want to get dragon quest 11, but it's like, I already bought it on PlayStation
four.
So I'm kind of waiting to see if maybe there will be a price reduction or something like
that.
Couple of things.
We'll see what one, we became lucky friends.
Did we really to your cat's eating plastic?
So I'm not really sure.
All right.
I need to take care of the smush thing.
Can you, uh, talk about, uh, dragon quest memories or something on topic?
So yeah, I remember playing dragon warrior because that's how I remember it.
And um, it was like one of the first games that I borrowed from a friend actually.
Um, cause I, I don't know, it was just different.
I think I remember seeing in like a Nintendo power or something, I was like, Oh, I got
to try that.
Um, I don't think I ever finished it unless I cheated with the game genie, but I don't
think I ever finished the dragon warrior game.
I think I gave up on them.
I mean, you follow fancy though.
I went through some of those.
I did beat the original dragon warrior actually.
And it was thanks to, uh, the, uh, guide.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
You got, remember Nintendo power, put out that guy to try to really get that, uh, series
hyped out here.
So now what are we going to trade?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think shinies.
I want a shiny to go lucky and then I can, cause that'll guarantee that it'll be a high
appraisal and then we can really, uh, amp it up.
So I think that's, do you have shinies that are worth a damn?
Uh, I mean, I don't really care about my shiny, so that's fine.
All right.
We'll have to look, we'll have to decide later, maybe during the break, uh, uh, later tonight
we'll figure that out.
But I'm excited for the dragon quest reimagines.
I definitely want to pick up at least part one.
I never really played part two or part three as much, but maybe I will.
I'm not sure yet.
The original dragon quest, $5, four 99, five bucks, excuse me.
Dragon quest two will be six 49 drag quest three, 12 49, but a dragon quest three was
a pretty beefy game if I remember right.
So yeah, not too surprised.
Uh, active says trade either a legendary or a shiny or a shiny legendary.
Yeah.
I don't know what Loki has available.
Got a cast form, boo, uh, uh, Charmeleon shinies, gold duck, uh, magnum megalith.
I don't know how to pronounce that thing.
The weird like thing.
And then a Venusaur.
Okay.
He's, he's looking pretty skimpy on the shiny, so we're gonna have to see if we can trade
a legendary or something.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyway, we'll figure that out later.
That's fun that we went lucky though.
Uh, let's move on.
Next story.
All right.
Um, so Sony had purchased, uh, is insomniac games and you may remember insomniac games,
um, also happened to put out a game aside from, you know, Spiderman and ratchet and
clank a game on the Xbox, uh, one called sunset overdrive.
And well now because of that purchase, you know, apparently Sony interactive entertainment
does now hold the rights to, um, their past work, including sunset overdrive.
So, but right now though, they don't have any sort of interest in working out an agreement
to port sunset or sunset overdrive to the PlayStation four, but they are looking forward
to future titles according to, um, Sony interactive entertainment president, uh, Shahey Yoshida.
So that's unfortunate cause sunset overdrive, I thought was pretty cool.
Um, I still haven't played it though, but it looked cool.
Maybe we'll see a sequel to sunset overdrive come to, uh, the PlayStation four, much like
we did with Titanfall where Titanfall one never made it to the PlayStation four, but
Titanfall two did.
So maybe there's hope in that sense if they decide to, um, do a new game.
But I don't believe that the first game sold all that well, but that's never stopped people
in the past.
So we'll have to wait and see, I guess.
Yeah.
Um, I would be curious, uh, what Sony's going to do with this.
I feel like a sequel might be a thing on PlayStation five.
Like, you know, this game was kind of like cults hit enough that maybe they're gonna,
you know, use this new acquisition to make it happen on PlayStation five to make some
of those Xbox folks a little bit jealous.
I mean, that's, that's what happens sometimes.
I'm sure Microsoft's done the same thing to them.
So yeah, it happens.
So Dr. Sia says, yeah, I agree with Rob.
I'm sure we'll see the next one on PlayStation five.
Yeah.
I kind of think that's the direction this stuff is headed into.
So we'll see.
Uh, going a little bit to retro game news.
There's this new video that folks have been reporting on.
Then I saw this, uh, over on Eurogamer ran a story on this whole thing that apparently
they have done an analysis on the old video game street fighter two in the arcades.
And as it turns out, if you felt that the computer was a dirty cheater when playing
street fighter two, it turns out you were right.
The computer does do some things that make it a dirty cheater.
Uh, it was actually desk was the name of the, uh, street fighter player that put out the
video.
Uh, and it actually does like a frame by frame analysis to see how the computer can actually
turn invisible or invisible, invincible that for a short moment to actually dodge some
attacks basically.
Uh, so the AI of the game will just turn invincible at some points, uh, to help block your tax.
Uh, also the CPU can break out of dizziness.
You remember when your character would get dizzy and street fire, you have to like mash
all the buttons to snap out of it.
Yeah.
The computer just snaps out of it instantly, way faster than you would possibly be able
to do.
Uh, and then let's see, like, uh, the charge moves.
Like let's say you want to do guile's flash kick, right?
And where we had to have charged down and then hit up and kick in order to do the flash
kick.
Well, guess what?
The computer doesn't have to charge.
You can just do those moves whenever they want.
So confirmed street fighter two is a dirty cheater, but here's, here's my kind of counterpoint
to this whole thing.
When you are, well for one counterpoint get good counterpoint one, get good bitch.
No, uh, is that, uh, one arcade owners can kind of set the difficulty level of these
machines so they can make, cause you know, some machines were harder than others and
that's why.
But also, um, this is, you know, when you do play on harder modes and video games, street
fighter isn't the only one that cheats.
It's some games will be more transparent about it than others.
For example, let's take a game that's near and dear to my heart civilization, right?
Or civ six, whatever.
Pick, pick any game in the series.
They all work the same way.
When you play on the easiest level, something like Chieftain, and this is very transparent
in the game, but when you play on something like Chieftain, you basically are normal and
the computer players get weakened by like 60% or maybe even half.
I don't remember the exact percentage, but the computer players actually get weakened.
They get multipliers that work against them and actually, uh, being able to like conquer
you and take over your territory.
So it makes it a lot easier for you to win the game.
Whereas if you play in the hardest mode of the game, guess what?
It's reversed.
Now you get multipliers that work against you.
Whereas the computer is in kind of a, a more standard type of mode.
So in a way, like even though I know we're kind of talking about like, Oh, street fighter
two is a dirty cheater and there's videos and stories all about it.
It's kind of like, I kind of feel in some way, this is just how difficulty works in
video games.
Sometimes it is some ways that they can do difficulties.
It's hard to program difficulty in, you mean it's usually, you know, one of the easiest
ways to do it is, you know, some sort of multiplier that you can adjust on the fly.
Um, you know, you also have like stuff like Mario Kart where they will try to balance
the game by, you know, the rubber band AI.
So you know, whereas when they're further back, they go faster or they'll get stronger
power ups in the back.
Great call out on super Mario Kart that especially, especially the original, I mean all the games
have it, but you know, with the super Nintendo library now being on the switch, if you're
a Nintendo online person, go back and play the original Mario Kart because it is very
obvious in that game, very obvious in that game.
And it's not even that they rubber band, it's that the characters will always finish in
a certain order, like always, unless something really extreme happens.
Yeah.
Like there could be like, Oh, Hey, I just hit Donkey Kong, three different red shells
and yet somehow he's up my ass with yet another red shell.
Yeah.
Uh, it's, it's crazy.
Yeah.
I would say Mario Kart's the dirtiest cheater game I've ever seen.
It puts, it puts what we're talking about in street fighter to shame, uh, dark to see
you says, I mean, I think we all kind of suspected, but it's nice.
Someone went to the trouble to try and confirm that.
And I think there's a lot of that kind of playing into the nostalgia of this story going
around the game blogs and Twitter feeds and stuff this week is because it confirms what
we all knew when we were 12 and now we're in our thirties, right?
When we were 12, we're like, this game's a fucking cheater that computer, they fucking
cheated.
No, this stuff.
Right.
And now it's like, well, yes, they, they did in fact cheat and somebody brought the receipts
to prove it.
But, uh, I guess my point is, is that if you amp up the difficulty in video games, they
all kind of cheat.
And especially, yeah.
In arcades, this is notorious.
Um, let's see, act depth and chat says, isn't the arcade being tougher than they actually
are common knowledge now, uh, especially with ticket spitters.
Yeah.
Especially depending on the arcade.
Again, there are dip switches, what they're called, but they're basically switches inside
the game.
They, cause I think back in the day they really were physical switches, but obviously a lot
of that went electronic over the years so that when you boot up the game, when you first
plug it in for the first time, the arcade operator can set what difficulty they want
the game to play on.
So there were some arcades when you would go play something like street fighter and
it, yes, it would be harder than it would be at other arcades.
Um, especially depending on if the arcade operator knew how to set that or not.
Right.
Cause I'm sure you have some stories from Roosevelt golf land about messing with those
switches in certain games.
I don't mess with any of that stuff, but like, yeah, I know just from, you know, Mame and
also accessing the operation like menu and stuff in like just my dance house revolution,
you can set the difficulty on that if you want it or like you can, um, I mean, yeah,
you can do it all, all sorts of stuff with that.
Not even just Mame, but like if you were to play like an arcade collection, like let's
say you're playing that and this is going to be random, but maybe that collection that
had like magic sword and was it final fight?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was like, it was an awesome collection.
It was on Xbox 360 cause I love magic sword, but you can go to the options menu and you
can set how many points for an extra life.
How many lives do you start with?
Those were all dip switches that the arcade operator could set.
Like at some arcades you would spend a lot more money to beat Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
from start to finish than you would in others because of the switches.
So anyway, uh, questmaster kind of confirming this in chat saying, yep, arcade operators
can set difficulty.
How many tokens are needed to continue or even if players are allowed to continue all
the more help to squeeze just a few more quarters from players and dark to see it says that
beat em up bundle that Capcom did has a lot of those options you can tweak to SSG100 Matt
talking about pinball.
Uh, there were places that raised pinball tables to make the ball fall faster.
That's right.
Pinball tables.
Some people kind of mess with those as well.
So interesting how those arcades worked at least back in the day.
You probably see less of it now because no, you see it totally now cause you know what
those tickets, you're right.
Tickets, spitter, ticket, spitters, all those more traditional games because the ticket
spitter games that you think are skill based where you have to time like, you know, hitting
a button or something like that.
It's nice how there's artificial random lag in there sometimes.
Funny how that works because it's on purpose.
It's ensure to make sure they don't give the big prize away, but once every like 500 plays
or something like that, whatever it's set to and those crazy, crazy sneaky, sneaky.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Um, some people would say this is sneaky, sneaky, another steam story tonight.
Yeah.
As we were talking about how the previous steam story, whereas if they were going to
allow use game sales that could possibly hurt developers.
Well, here's the real thing that already is hurting developers and that's the redesign
to their discovery system that they have.
So they have that big update where they've changed how, um, stuff is going to come into
your feed, uh, different discovery stuff.
And they found based on like, you know, sales and wishlist ads or whatever and deletions
that the wishlist ads have gone down dramatically since they've implemented that.
So there's a game for a game unbound worlds apart that was showing, you know, the trend
in their steam wishlist ads and how once that, you know, once they September 10th hit, it's
just straight down.
So that is kind of blame.
Um, there's another game, bright red skies, similar type of thing where September 11th
straight down, um, people stopped seeing their game says it was actually performing.
Um, it dropped 66% and all time low yikes months, months of effort ruined in an instant.
I forgot.
I did notice that the steam store like redid stuff or is that because I'm in the beta?
Like I got that new games library push that shows your games library all differently.
Yeah.
It might be to the beta cause I don't have it yet cause I have the beta version.
Yeah.
If you're, if you opt into the beta, you can see what it looks like now.
So that's interesting.
I, I honestly didn't spend a lot of time with it.
You know, it's funny.
I was only in there to uninstall games because I was running out of space in my primary drive
and I've been trying to do some more video stuff, wink, wink.
Um, so I need to clear up some space and I was like, why do I have some of these games
installed?
I'm literally never going to play.
So I just had to go through and do uninstall and I was like, Oh, I got the new steam library
at some point.
Yeah.
So there's a lot of, a lot of different developers reaching out saying that they've kind of seen
similar things.
Um, their wish list has dropped 80%, um, another developer of the platform, a room fencer,
um, Ilia and you know, what's unfortunate cause you know, you want those wish lists
to be on there, especially pre-release of a game because then they're going to get notified
when the game gets released or notified when the game goes on sales and you're trying to
convert those wish lists into actual purchases.
Um, it's kind of like a way to just, you know, help promote your discovery of your game.
But being that they've redesigned how it works, it's fine.
People are having trouble actually discovering those games as if that wasn't a problem before
with so many games out in that platform.
So I don't know what they're going to do.
I guess continue to tweak it.
Um, because it's basically their algorithm, but, um, you know, pays basically, I don't
know, it's maybe over time it'll get better, but I don't know.
It's hard to say steam's running into a lot of problems this week.
I mean, between the, you know, thing going on in France and now this like, you know,
and we were picking on steam a little bit, but, um, you know, maybe this story, not so
much the Epic store, but you know, the, the, yeah, there's not enough on the Epic store
to be able to not find it.
Yeah.
The first thing we were talking about with the France decision, you know, that could
trickle down and affect other stores too.
So a lot of the digital storefronts are having issues this week and you know, and it is interesting
how big changes when it comes to discoverability can really trickle down.
I know YouTube has kind of had a lot with this too, right?
They need some changes, their discoverability algorithm to try to push back on some of the
extremism we'll say that goes on on YouTube.
And it's had this like ripple effect that's affected normal people.
They have that.
And they also had the thing where they were retooling how that you would, how you would
get the, uh, verified tags on your account.
So they said that that was supposed to combat channels that are impersonating other channels,
but some of those channels that they were impersonating were verified.
Now they're removing their verification tag.
So how does that help again?
It's just, it's stupid.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says devil's advocate steam is prioritizing games consumers can
buy today because they can spend their money today.
So steam is doing these today because you're, you're on the store ready to spend money,
but you're not necessarily on the store spending money.
Like I'm signing into steam and I go kind of browse and see what's there.
I'm not like, Oh, I'm going to spend money today.
It's just to see what's out there.
Whereas you know, if this is going to be something that developers are aware of, it's going to
make them less likely wanting to put their game on steam because they're like, Hey, Hmm,
I could put it on Epic, which, you know, granted people are kind of, it has a stigma right
now because it has less features, but there's less games on there and it's easier to discover
my game.
And I get a larger cut than I would with steam.
So it's just another box ticked, I guess in Epic's favor in that sense.
But I just think that there needs to be some ways to be able to discover that stuff.
Like having some of those pre-release games or something like that, and then maybe their
own section or maybe that, I don't know, you can say, Hey, I'm interested in finding out
about these types of games and having to show that stuff, maybe cater to what you actually
play.
I don't know.
Well, let's move on, uh, for time so we can get to the classic game of the week here.
But first we have one more story for this half of the show talking about Xbox game pass
and kind of how it ties into some additional rewards, because I think a lot of you guys
out there probably heard about the whole, like you can kind of upgrade your regular
Xbox live to the Xbox game passing for like a dollar, right?
So I think a lot of you probably took advantage of that well, because you took advantage of
that.
You have access to this as well.
There is a Microsoft reward point promotion going on right now.
You can earn up to 10,000 reward points for every gamer score point that you get.
You get one Microsoft for world point.
So yeah, unlocking achievements right now you get reward points.
So that's kind of interesting.
Yeah.
And there's other weird things.
Well, I should, I shouldn't say weird, but there's other interesting kind of tie-ins
with this too.
Um, let's say like, I guess some of the points depends on what game you play.
So like devil may cry five, you might get like a hundred points, but achievements in
middle earth, shadow of war, middle earth, shadow of Mordor, you get 300 points.
But I thought this was interesting too, is that if you play the Blair witch game, cause
you know, that just came out on game pass, right?
Yeah.
If you play that, you get the Blair witch film.
So you can relieve all that or re relieve, relive all that 1999 realness all over again.
I, it probably doesn't hold up very well.
And a lot of people probably watch that movie and think it's lame, but like, you have to
remember when that movie first came out, it was, there was nothing like it like ever.
And that movie literally scared the shit out of so many people.
So, um, interesting.
But I think that's kind of interesting that Microsoft's, you know, continuing to really
push this game pass thing, you know, 10,000 Microsoft points, I think is the equivalent
of like 10 bucks.
So it's not like they're giving away the whole farm, but it's something, Hey, it's something
for nothing.
I mean, are you really doing nothing for game pass?
Probably not, but it's still something a little bit of an added value, so, all right.
So we are going to go to the classic game of the week.
And before we jump right into the classic game of the week, I will say that during this
segment, we're actually going to do the whole little Twitch giveaway for those of you that
are watching live tonight.
If you contributed to the Twitch prime loot chest, we are about to give those away.
There are 16 gifts in the chest of the Dauntless gunslinger.
I don't even know what that is, but it's probably for some, Hey, it's for a game called Dauntless,
apparently something for nothing.
Remember that?
I'm just going to theorize with that many gifts in the pot, probably all of you that
are not on Twitch prime are about to get one.
I mean, don't call me on that, but I can see how many people are watching and how many
people are on prime.
I'm thinking all of you are about to get a free something, something here.
So please enjoy it.
And thank you to everybody who put something into the gift basket.
We really appreciate it.
Oh, thank you, Shane.
Dauntless is like a monster hunter clone, it seems, but I hear it's pretty decent.
Well, maybe this code will be some incentive to go check it out, which is probably exactly
what they want in giving this away.
But we're going to check that out while we go to the classic game of the week.
So for the classic game of the week tonight, Dark Sakura, she would usually do the classic
game of the week, take a step down memory lane and pick a game out of the vault.
But as you guys know, she has the night off while she's resting her voice.
So we've been trying to invite some friends to come on the show and do this segment.
Like we had what a VG realness was here a few months ago.
The guys from Game Buoy have both been on, uh, what like Shane did one, of course, eating
Pokemon, right?
But you know, out of all the people like we've had on the show doing the guest segment, you
know, we like haven't had on who the guy that has us on every single week at the end of
his show.
So it was probably about fucking time that we asked our pal Bobby Black Wolf to contribute
to this week's classic game of the week.
So after all of these years, Bobby Black Wolf, we're going to throw it over to you.
Please tell us your selection for this week's classic game of the week.
Hello all our, my name is Bobby Black Wolf.
I have been doing podcasting for 14 years.
Most of that leading up to all our, and they have never, ever asked me to do the classic
game of the week.
Probably because they were scared I was going to do halo, which has already been done as
a class game of the week.
So I think now I actually, it's safe for me to do a classic game of the week.
I can't do halo.
It's already been done.
I can't do my little prank to, you know, subvert the rules and put halo in because halo's already
in.
So I'm not going to do that.
So I'm actually going to do something that's more on brand.
I've got my DOS machine from the nineties here running MS-DOS 622.
I've got my Roland MT-32 turned on and hooked up so we can actually see some of these, see
this game and hear the game the way it was supposed to be played and heard.
And I'm looking forward to sharing this game with all of you and giving it the respect
that I believe it deserves here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So thank you very much for allowing me to do the classic game of the week.
And that's right.
It is Jones in the Fast Lane, a 1990 PC title for DOS.
Also came out on CD-ROM in 1992 by Sierra On-Line.
It's a board game.
It's about keeping up with the Joneses.
You want to get your life better in career, education, wealth, or happiness, or one of
them, or all of them, and you're racing against Jones, a little cartoon Jones.
It's a board game.
You play as a little marble that goes and gets a job and has a life and does some boring
stuff on the weekend and, hang on a second, hang on, I'm getting a text message.
Dear Bobby, Jones in the Fast Lane has already been done as an O.L.R. classic game of the
week.
You cannot repeat.
Oh.
Okay.
Um.
I guess we'll have to do something different.
Okay, okay, okay.
So I got it now.
I checked the wiki.
I am not doing a game that has already been done, so I think we're good, so we're going
to try game number two.
I'm going to load it up right here.
This was also a game that made a mark on me, and I thought this game, this was the future,
like this was the best graphics was ever going to get.
I thought this was going to be just the pinnacle of graphics and storytelling, and I was wrong
a little bit, but it's by Dynamics.
A subsidiary.
It was part of the Sierra family.
It really was.
But this game came out on DOS, later on Sega CD actually, and it's one that I really enjoyed.
It's called The Adventures of Willie Beamish.
So it's a point-and-click adventure game about this kid who's going to be an esports superstar.
Now esports wasn't a term back then, but he wanted to be an esports superstar winner.
This was around the same time as the Super Mario Brothers 3 Nintendo Direct, which they
released in theaters, called it The Wizard.
So it's kind of like that.
And so Willie Beamish is this kid who wants to be the Nintari champion.
Yes, Nintari is what he plays.
And it was all done with animators, like actual former Disney animators worked on all the
graphics for this game, which is why when this came out in the early 90s, we were like,
wow, this looks like a cartoon.
Now obviously we look at it nowadays, and it doesn't look that much like a cartoon.
It's very pixelated, and we're like, oh, that's nothing.
That's like, you know, we have plug-and-play games that look better than this.
But it really did have, it broke through a lot of stuff on this.
So as we kind of go, as on the video here, we're going through the intro here.
There were a couple of different aspects to this game.
It was a traditional Sierra game, and there were many, many ways to fail.
You could die in so many hilarious ways.
But the game starts out that it's the last day of school at Carbunkle Elementary.
And Principal Frick, these are all stereotypes, by the way.
Everything's stereotypical.
He's addressing the students at a farewell assembly, and he's going, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
And of course, of course, Willy Beamish has a pet frog, because of course every kid in
the 80s, late 80s, had a pet frog.
And he's asleep in there, and the frog comes out, and he steals the toupee of the principal
and embarrasses him in front of the entire class.
Ha, ha, ha.
Isn't that funny, ladies and gentlemen?
Well, he goes to detention.
He's after school detention, the last session.
Of course, he's in there.
And he's dreaming of eSports.
He's dreaming of being an Evo, except it's called the Nintari Championship.
They're sitting at a computer, but using a joystick.
And I don't know if he's doing WASD or not, but he's going up against this other kid.
And then he wakes up.
He wakes up from the dream, and his teacher starts asking him questions.
And of course, the teacher is this really old lady, note called Ms. Glass.
No stereotypes whatsoever.
Now, what I'm not showing you right here is the actual voice acting, because in the CD-ROM
version and in the Sega CD version of this game, there is voice acting.
I am playing on the floppy disk version, because it allows Roland MT-32 stuff.
If you have the CD-ROM version, it does not allow you to use the Roland MT-32, so you
don't get the better music.
So this is really the best music, the game here.
And so you're basically trying to get through and solve puzzles without continually dying.
And you have a frog, like I said, named Horny, which, by the way, is a banned word on Twitch.
You need to get moderator approval to say the name of the frog.
That was fun, because I streamed this entire game on Twitch.
Now one of the other things I do want to point out is that since this was a game of the 90s,
it actually came with stuff in the box.
So I actually got, and I still have my stickers here, of Willy Horny Leona, who was one of
the bad guys, and then Monster Squad, which was the game in the bottom right-hand corner.
That was technically the game they were playing.
And I got a menu from the Pizzeria, which also doubles as the installation instructors
on the back side of the menu.
And then also, there was a little notebook, spiral notebook, that it would give you.
That actually, it was top secret notebook, you were supposed to keep out or die, stop
before it's too late, and you go through there.
And it's basically, it's got little doodles, but it also has newspaper clippings of things
going on in the town.
And one of the things that they would do back in this time, and it was kind of copy protection,
kind of not, but they would actually have things, so like in here, there's like an ad
for a hypnosis course, where you actually need the contents of this ad to actually get
past something.
You actually need to put someone under hypnosis, and you need to select three words, and the
three words are in this book.
So that was, that's kind of some of the stuff they did a lot in the late 80s, early 90s,
especially the early Sierra games.
So I'm going to real quick go through and just show what the gameplay looks like once
I get to the, I'm going to load a game from my Twitch feed.
So I actually played this on Twitch, but this is kind of like, this was in Willy Beamish's
home, so as you click and walk on things, he actually goes through hand-drawn animations,
which was kind of a big deal in the 90s.
And then, you know, you could talk to your dog and stuff.
But it really looked like a cartoon, and that was what really made us all excited for it
when it came out.
And the game was okay.
And I mean, it didn't win too many awards, but it was a lot better than a lot of the
other ones.
And there are some action elements in it as well.
But there is a timer, so if you spend too long going around, you're actually going to
get in trouble, because this game I loaded, I'm not in bed.
So if I go all the way to cadet school on that trouble meter, which is a temperature
gauge that basically rises, your mom's temperature rises, then the game ends, and you get sent
to military school.
So I'm going to go into Willy Beamish's room on this.
So I'm upstairs in the house, and in his room, there's like, there's the Enterprise, I hang
it on, he's got a lot of planes.
It's a typical kid's room in the late 80s.
Big pirate ship and stuff like that, but he's got a Nintari system, so we're going to play
Nintari instead of going to bed.
Why not?
Because this shows the esports of 1989.
So this is the game, they look like Battletoads.
Like this is Battletoads coming in on the Nintari system, so this is the game that he's
actually playing.
The actual main characters, it's Monster Squad, they look like Battletoads, and then they
play Mario Brothers.
This was supposed to be esports.
This was esports in 1989.
I'm not actually playing it because this is not an action game.
And he's, I'm playing, there's a cupcake, I don't know, I don't get it.
So now I've practiced, and because I'm supposed to be in bed, well, you know, unfortunately,
mom is now really upset, the temperature gauge has gone all the way up, and so I have just
lost the game here live on OLR, because I'm now being sent to military school, getting
a buzz cut, and they're all, that was it.
And that's the end of the game, and that is the end of this classic Game of the Week segment.
Like I said, it was out on PC, it came out for Sega CD as well, with diminished graphics,
but it was an old CD-ROM game from 1993.
The Adventures of Willie Beamish.
Thanks OLR.
Now let's go back to Studio N7 in Sacramento for the rest of the show.
Thank you, Bobby Blackwell, for sharing that with us, that was a great video.
If you are watching live here at Twitch TV, for the podcast folks, you didn't notice anything
was wrong at all, because you could hear the segment wonderfully.
Unfortunately for us live here on Sunday night, the video froze at one part, so I had to make
a judgment call on the fly, because I can't actually have a video, I can't play right
from the middle of a video when I'm using OBS and playing a video back.
So I would have had to do the whole thing over again, which just would have been kind
of weird.
So I did just let it play through for the sake of the podcast.
So what I'm gonna do for those of you that are watching here at Twitch TV, because Bobby
did do a great job with that video, so I'm actually like, I'm a little pissed, like why
can't it, why couldn't it do that with one of the B-roll things, where it's like not
a big deal, right?
But it does it on that video for whatever reason.
I wonder if it was the audio, because it was when the audio kind of spiked, when I, so
I don't know, like now I'm kind of like running through scenarios, why did this happen?
So anyway, for those of you that are watching live, I'll replay that at the end of the show
tonight, so hopefully you can kind of see that.
And I think Bobby and I are talking behind the scenes, and it sounds like we might put
it up on your YouTube so you guys can see that, because he did do a really good job
with the segment, and Willy Beamish is, it's a fun game.
That's a game I remember playing too, and I also played the floppy disk version, although
I didn't have one of them fancy rolling cards, I had an AdLib card, which was still pretty
awesome of the day.
Did you ever play Willy Beamish?
No.
Really?
I did not.
It was such a, like, it was a great game, because it felt like-
I am aware of it, I just don't know.
The story about, you know, playing the video, it's like you, it's like you're playing
a game about yourself.
Yeah.
And I'm sure that is exactly the way it was designed, was, you know, kind of like what
they would be like as kids and so forth, so.
Very good pick from Bobby Blackwell, I'm glad he didn't use his valuable segment to, like,
pull a Halo joke or something, I'm just kidding.
He did a great job, it took us way too long to work him into that segment, so I'm glad
it all worked out.
I just feel really bad that, like, now that he got on the show, his fucking video that
he worked so hard on froze, but what can you do?
Live radio, boys and girls, as I always say.
Some other comments in chat, Dr. Sees says, the Jones and the Fast Lane bit had me going.
Yeah, me too.
I told him he could, I said, if you want to redo it, you can redo it, but I also said,
you could also use this opportunity to pick a game that we're probably never going to
pick otherwise, and so I think he did do the smart thing there.
At least, at least Jones and the Fast Game is, Jones and the Fast Lane is in the list.
Willie Beamish now is too, thanks to Bobby.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, I played it on Sega CD, I rented it because I couldn't rent
the Jurassic Park Sega CD game.
I totally forgot there was a Jurassic Park Sega CD game, that's awesome.
All right, well, let's get back into some news.
We're going to travel around and check out some news real quickly here in this rapid
fire news segment.
This is going to be like the third week we're talking about the Neo Geo arcade stick, and
ironically enough, the joke that was made last week when we talked about, oh, what games
are going to be?
Was it all the King of Fighters and all the samurai showdowns and world hero games?
Yeah, that's exactly what it is.
So they announced the 20 games that are in there.
So the King of Fighters, 95, 97, 98, 99, 2000, 2002.
Fatal Fury Special, Fatal Fury 3, Garo, Mark of Wolves, Samurai Shodown 2, 3, 4, 5, The
Art of Fighting, World Heroes 2, World Heroes 2 Jet, World Heroes Perfect, Ninja Masters,
The Last Blade 2, and Kizuna Encounter.
And those are your games that are going to be a part of that fighting stick that is not
only a fighting stick for PC, but it also plugs into your TV.
The fact that it also works on PC is pretty rad, actually.
So like, I don't know, I'm on the fence.
It's probably too much money.
Yeah, I don't remember how much it costs, but I don't need a fighting stick.
I don't need one that bad.
So, alright.
And then, well this is kind of funny, there is a patch to Borderlands 3 that apparently
there was a problem where I guess one of the bosses in the game had some incessant screaming
that was patched out now because apparently there was too much.
And apparently, I don't know, so they had actually gone through the game.
I don't want to actually spoil too much here, but apparently towards the end of the game
one of the bosses, I guess, takes some damage and starts screaming and it's just, you know,
apparently it just keeps on going and so they wanted to fix some other stuff that was in
the game and with that they removed the pain sounds from Troy for his last boss fight because
apparently it was very unpleasant.
Well, I mean, if it was to the point where it was annoying, I can see, I mean I haven't
played this game yet, so, although I've been making my way through the first Borderlands
game, but it's just, of course, I put that down when all this other stuff came up, right?
But I'm sure a lot of people were very annoyed by that.
Anybody in chat, did you get this far in Borderlands 3?
At the very end, so it's like the last boss fight.
Probably nobody in our chat even was that far.
Apparently, I guess, if you do any sort of stats effect on him, he just screams constantly,
so that's actually kind of funny.
I kind of wish they didn't patch it out, but what are you going to do?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, moving on to some other stories.
This one is about some trademarks by Bandai Namco, which Jason referenced at the top of
the show tonight in the intro.
I think this is really cool.
So here's the thing.
Some new trademarks were filed with some games in the Encore series for Bandai Namco.
This is important because Bandai Namco already did this for a game in Japan.
It was called Katamari Damacy Encore.
It doesn't sound as familiar here to us because when they released it here, it was Katamari
Damacy Reroll.
There was also a puzzle game on the Nintendo Switch that was based on a Wii release.
I don't think we had it here called Kotoba No Puzzle Moji Pitan Encore.
So this Encore thing is something Bandai Namco has been doing.
Guess what?
There's more games apparently coming, thanks to these trademark filings.
Mr. Driller, Klonoa, which I know will have people very excited, Splatterhouse.
So that is all in a report that ran in Gamatsu.
Apparently Mr. Driller W was specifically the game there in the Encore line.
That was originally a WiiWare exclusive.
And apparently Klonoa's 2009 remake, Door to Phantomile is going to be the other game
potentially there in the Encore series.
So that's kind of neat.
We don't know about Splatterhouse.
It could be the 2010 reboot that was on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
Could be maybe the arcade version.
Don't know.
Hard to say at this point.
I think it should just be a blend of both Splatterhouse and Katamari where you're just
crushing things in violent gore.
All right, let's talk about that game Control that came out that I really want to play.
But Epic Games paid to have the exclusive rights on their store.
I just saw this one in Discord as well.
They paid about 9.49 million euros, which I think in Discord they had the American number
of about 10.5 US dollars, I think, to actually get the PC exclusive rights to Control.
This was paid out to Digital Brothers, which is the parent company, to 505 Games.
According to a recent financial report, that's how they were able to find out that number
because when you're a traded company, you have to publish reports to talk about your
income.
It just happened to be the timing of everything because the game hadn't released yet, but
they had the report earnings from it.
And so they're like, where did those earnings come from?
Oh, it was from the exclusivity deal.
Clever.
Very clever.
Now we know about how much Epic is willing to pony up for exclusive games.
That's a nice chunk of change.
Hey, Epic, I'm working on a game willing to make it exclusive.
You have to throw me some people really waiting to play this, too.
I'll take like a tenth of that.
You can lowball me.
It's fine.
Reach for the sky.
All right.
Let's travel around and check out what's coming out in stores this week as we check out world
release dates.
All right.
Baldur's Gate enhanced edition on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Baldur's Gate Siege of Dragonspear on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Baldur's Gate 2 enhanced edition also coming out on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and
Xbox One.
And I swear that's the last Baldur's Gate.
Oh, well, maybe not actually, because then we get down to Icewind Dale enhanced edition.
That's the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Landscape Torment enhanced edition on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
All right.
I think we're good there.
Contra Rogue Corps on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The Surge 2 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Mario Kart Tour coming out of beta on iOS and Android this week.
Darksiders 2 definitive edition on Nintendo Switch.
I'm wearing a Mario Kart shirt, so I'll show that off.
Gunvolt Chronicles Luminous Avenger that's coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation
4 and Xbox One.
Ys IX on Monstrum Nox on PlayStation 4.
Code Vein on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Dragon Quest, Dragon Quest II, Dragon Quest III and Dragon Quest XI S on Nintendo Switch
this week.
FIFA 20 on PC, Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Memoria on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One.
Ori and the Blind Forest on Nintendo Switch.
And last but not least, Tropico 6 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
That's it.
Nice.
All right.
Traveling over to Japan and looking at the releases there.
They're also getting Ys IX this week, which is probably the biggest deal in the list.
But Ys IX.
Some of you think it might be Ys, because it's Y-S, but it's Ys.
So Ys IX, Monstrum Nox is out in Japan this week on the 26th.
There's an Atelier game out this week too, Atelier Ryza, Ever Darkness and the Secret
Hideout.
That's an irregular premium and special collector's box, because they love the collectibles over
there in Japan.
Gunvolt Chronicles Luminous Avenger IX also out in Japan this week.
MotoGP 19 gets a Japanese release this week as well.
And oh, there's a limited edition for Ys IX as well.
I didn't notice that at first.
There's also Contra Rogue Core is out in Japan this week.
MelKiss and I'm sorry, I love the name of this game.
You ready?
AmazingGrace.
What color is your attribute?
That's the name of the game, Loki.
AmazingGrace.
What color is your attribute?
What would you say?
What would you say is what color is your attribute, Loki?
I don't know.
What is that?
Some sort of slang?
Is that like...
I don't know.
Does your attribute match the drapes?
Loki's jokes have officially killed me.
All right, anyway.
Judging from the box art for this game, I would think maybe it's pink, because they're
all wearing little like...
It's for anime girls, of course, all wearing these like pink suits on the cover of the
game.
And I don't know.
Do you want to hear the description of AmazingGrace?
What color is your attribute?
Yes.
Shu woke up in a snowy town with no recollection of his past.
He thought it was a strange place with an antique feel of Europe in the Middle Ages
and a deep appreciation of the arts.
There was also a towering wall known as Aurora, which surrounded by the town and sealed it
off from the outside.
However, he was taken in by the townspeople and eventually attended St. Alia Academy and
enjoyed his time with the other students there.
However, this newfound happiness was snatched in an instant when a mysterious fire destroyed
the town on Christmas Day.
Well, that's a fucking bummer, isn't it?
Yune loved the town more than anyone and vowed from the bottom of her heart to change the
town's fate, turning back time to December the 2nd, the first day of Advent.
Why did the disaster occur?
Why did the town's fate remain unchanged no matter how many times they turned back time?
Why were they able to turn back time in the first place?
That description literally has nothing to do with the fucking title.
What color is your attribute?
The color of fire.
And we have to stop it, I guess, is what's going on there.
If I could turn back time.
I'm sorry I asked.
Going to the Nintendo Switch and checking out the releases there.
Ninja Box is out this week, as well as Hakuyoki Shinkai is out this week, as well as Atley
Arisa is also released there, and Gunvolt Chronicles Luminous Avenger.
There's also a game called Disaster Report 4 Plus Summer Memories for the Nintendo Switch
is also out this week.
I want to say, I think that was on the Wii at one point.
I had like the Disaster Report series.
It does, because it is a plus game, so it wouldn't surprise me if it's like a reimagining
of that series.
I don't know.
But anyhow, let's go over to Europe and see what the release dates are out there.
Alright, so in Europe we've got a few things, starting off with Songbird Symphony.
Let's see here.
Why did they not seem to know what the date is?
Oh, here we go.
Contra Rogue Corps, that's coming out on PlayStation 4 and the Nintendo Switch.
The Surge 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We have FIFA 20, that's coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Dead by Daylight on the Nintendo Switch.
Darksiders II Definitive Edition, that's on the Switch.
Telsiligrad, that's on the Switch.
Dragon Quest XI Echoes of an Elusive Age on Nintendo Switch.
FIFA 20, oh I said that again, but I guess they have a collector's edition coming out
as well.
Yes, the, what was it, the Definitive Edition or Champion's Edition.
You know, more of the, what was it, Ultimate Team Card Packs Edition is what they really
should call it.
And then Tropico 6, we've got that coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Code Vein on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And that is it.
All right.
Let's go to the mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails.
Participate at Orangeloungeradio.com is the place to send your emails.
And we dive into the mailbag and read your emails here on the program.
DarkSakura usually reads these emails, but since she isn't here specifically for the
purpose of saving her voice, I suppose I will have to read them instead.
So we have two emails in the mailbag this week, but this first one, Loki, uh oh, I think
this is from the, uh, Wasterbaiting account again, because the first one is from The Virus
Developer.
Oh my gosh.
And the subject is, my virus recorded you masturbating.
No.
I feel- Again?
I feel sorry for your virus because nobody should have to be subjected to that.
I'm trying to see what's actually-
Like I'm seeking damages for you and harming my virus.
Recently you visited one of the porn websites I attacked with my ex-plate.
Oh my God.
This, okay, this gets really serious.
Like I, I wouldn't usually give spam emails the time of day.
It's Worldcraft.
There's, there's a tone in this email.
World building is-
No, wait, wait, here we go.
So when you started watching videos, it executed payload on your device.
So that's what you get for not sticking with the payload.
Now it's on your device.
As soon as I infected your device, it started to act like a remote desktop with full read-write
access.
Uh, your camera, my virus started recording your web browser and your camera every time
you masturbated during the last two weeks.
While my virus is not perfect.
How humble they are.
What a humble, what a humble virus.
While my virus is not perfect, it managed to record six videos clearly showing you masturbating.
Call me whatever you want, a criminal or a dick, but this is just my job.
It's it's-
I'm employed to make viruses that watch you masturbate.
That's-
Oh God, we got Rob masturbating on video again.
Well, it's a living.
Yours is waster baiting in and out.
Okay.
Yeah.
SSG100 Matt says this storyline sounds better than what colors your attribute.
Wait folks, it gets better.
I'm just, I'm just reading an email in the box cause this shit gets crazy.
You ready?
Uh, call me what you want, a criminal or a dick, but this is just my job.
I do this on a regular basis and I recorded hundreds of people, but you are special in
all caps.
You're special.
Why?
Because of the apparent and perverse videos you were watching while masturbating.
You know what I mean?
Now I am your master and you are my slave.
This is just taking over.
I did not consent to this role play virus, master Jesus.
All right.
Thank you.
Oh yeah.
I'm so happy we get raided by another esteemed podcast network while I'm in the middle of
reading the spam email we got to our box that is threatening to spread our masturbating
videos all over the internet.
So come on, come on in, pull up a chair or as our emailer said, now I am your master.
Let's see where were we at?
Oh, let me ask you a question.
The email continues.
How would you feel if I uploaded a porn hub, all the videos with you masturbating and send
the links to everyone on your contact list, including your family and business partners?
You don't want me to do this, right?
There is only one way you can stop me from exposing your fantasies.
I talk about my fantasies very openly.
You're on this program.
Subscribe to PewDiePie.
Ryan Reynolds.
And actually we were not going to talk about that.
Anyway, moving on.
You have to pay.
Let me be straightforward with you.
You know what Bitcoin is, right?
Buy $2,000 worth of Bitcoin and send to me immediately.
You can buy Bitcoin in many places like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, I'm not going to read
these websites.
I'm giving you three days to complete this payment after which I will start uploading
and sending your masturbation videos.
Just imagine your family and colleagues reaction to these videos.
Save your life now.
I have three days, huh?
Well, guess what, y'all?
That email was sent on Monday.
Have fun on Pornhub.
Sick bucks.
All right.
Let's get to the real email.
By the way, welcome to all the new viewers here at Orange Town Studio.
We're a video game podcast.
Did you know that?
We talk about video games once in a while.
But then once in this blue moon, we get like the crazy masturbating email spammer thing
here.
All right.
Anyway, moving on.
I'm loving all the comments we're getting.
Havoc978 says, this is literally more detailed than any versions of the email I've gotten.
That's why I had to read it.
It was much more like the urgency and the tone in that email.
I was like, I have to like, this person has a message.
It's their job, Loki.
It's my job.
It's a living.
I've recorded hundreds of people, but you, you're special.
WBin26 in chat says, spam them back.
I just, I feel like you don't want to let them know that somebody's actually reading
the emails live on the internet to a captive audience of dozens of people, because then
they'll just invite to send me more.
So I don't really want to do that.
Pesalpaca says, that was beautiful.
Thank you.
Nicole0991 says, as a girl, I'm amused by the amount of these kinds of emails I've received.
Will you notice the tone in that email had no gender?
You know, gender is merely a suggestion in the year 2019.
So the virus developer whose virus will record you masturbating cares not of what parts you're
using to masturbate.
They just want you to know it's their job.
And that you're special.
And that you're special.
All right.
Anyway, can we get to the real email?
I guess now everybody in chat is like, all right, we have to talk about games.
Pretty high bar you have to live up to.
All right.
Well, luckily it's Flaco Jones.
Okay.
And if anybody can follow up the virus master or whatever his name was, the Flaco Jones,
I'm sure, sure can.
So here we go.
Hey, OLR, a couple of weeks ago, you mentioned a story about Konami bringing back globally
known IPs and went on to discuss whether that could mean a new Metal Gear game or something
big along those lines.
Well fast forward to the Apple keynote from last week when they brought a rep from Konami
on stage and what did they announce but a new Frogger game exclusive to the Apple Arcade
service joy.
I about died laughing in part because I thought of your discussion on the show the previous
week where we were sitting here, you know, that's, that's what the virus guy got is he
saw us here with our wank about, Ooh, it's going to be Castlevania or it could be something
like the Winx Club coming back, but no, it's gotta be fucking Frogger.
That's what that guy recorded.
And you know how much I love when they have new Frogger announcements.
I know.
Weren't you excited about Frogger?
Oh yeah.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see where was I did it, but also the last time Konami tried to bring
back Frogger was when I worked there as a tester and the Frogger games they were making
were complete garbage.
Spoiler alert.
Now, I haven't been on Apple Arcade myself, but if I'm to believe what my friends are
saying about the new Frogger game, guess what?
There's still garbage.
How do you make, how do you make Frogger garbage?
I mean, you, you have a game that like knocked it off, you know, in Crossy Roads.
Do your kids play the Frogger games?
Cause I bet they don't care.
I think that's what it boils down to.
They don't play Frogger at all, but they play Crossy Roads.
Interesting.
They love Crossy Roads.
Well, I remember when they, when they redid Frogger on the PlayStation one, it was kind
of like, Whoa, this is different.
Right?
Cause like Frogger in the arcade was kind of basic as hell.
Right.
It was just like, you know, don't get me wrong.
It was a great game for what?
1983 or whenever that came out.
But you know, you're going to bloop, bloop, bloop.
You're just going up to the top of the screen.
It's kind of basic.
Right.
But like, then it was like, Holy shit on the PlayStation.
Now Frogger can go four different directions and like the levels are like mazes and stuff.
They're not like, it was kind of like a whole new thing.
And when they sold oodles and oodles of that game, now Konami was like, Oh shit, we just
found the formula for success.
We have to repeat that formula every single time.
And now here we are in the year 2019 and they're still making Frogger on the PlayStation one
for Apple arcade.
Better graphics.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But apparently it doesn't run very well.
It seems like it's very poorly.
Apparently it was a highlight because they have the showed off during the keynote.
Kaijuto in chat says, I want to combine Frogger with Grand Theft Auto.
Well, you know what?
Konami just, I don't think they understand this concept of like, you know, make it 2019
Sonic two bonus level, but make it 2019.
Like I just, I just don't see Konami able to do that.
Frogger, but battle royale is pretty good.
What?
Frogger, but battle royale.
How would you make Frogger royale?
I don't know.
One frog and 99 people driving a car.
There.
Okay.
Maybe not battle royale.
Okay.
I like, I like where we're going with this.
Let's game design.
How about instead of the battle royale formula, how about the evolve formula?
The four versus one, right?
Cause those games are super in right now.
Right?
Dead by daylight.
All that, all that shit's huge.
So how about one person is the frog and the others are the cars and the other methods
to try to kill Frogger.
Would y'all play that game?
Quick poll in chat.
Would you play, what do we call the game?
I don't know.
Frogger survivor, Frogger survive.
One word titles are in right now.
Right?
Frog, Frogger survive.
Would you play frog survive?
Let's see.
Looking in chat.
Havok978 says, ship it.
Dr. Sia says, sure.
Bobby Blackwool says, somebody should be an alligator.
Well, you should get to pick.
You should get, do you want to be the car?
Do you want to be, uh, do you want to be one of those logs that sinks into the water every
now and then?
Uh, do you want to be an alligator?
Like what do you want to do?
Uh, Dr. Sia says, Frogger survive, but use the same survive from that metal gear solid
spinoff.
Oh, uh, quiet could be in it for no particular reason.
Or frog dressed up like quiet.
Let's reskin the whole thing.
Yeah, well I got it.
Like cause we can't really come up with a unique idea.
Let's just take Melgasol five, we'll reskin it as Frogger and just rerelease that.
Bobby Blackwool says, Norman Reedus is the frog.
I like it.
Okay.
Uh, where were we?
I was, this, this was a Flaco Jones email at one point.
Um, Oh yes.
Surprised you didn't bring this up on last week's show.
There was a pretty packed news week, so it makes sense.
Flaco, let me tell you a little bit about my thought process when I'm constructing the
show role for orange launch radio.
I see a story about Frogger and I think, Hmm, I really don't give a shit.
And I move on to the next thing on the list.
Now this week was a little bit of a slower news week, so it might've made the cut this
week, but obviously, but you know what?
We, we work for our listeners.
So when you guys are saying, this is what you want to talk about Flaco is like, Hey,
well then talk about Frogger and Anita, you would have never had Frogger survive.
And this concept we're going to make millions off of if, which by the way, Konami, we own
that idea.
Now Frogger survive is ours and, uh, you patent pending, right?
That's how you ensure patent pending.
So there it is.
All right.
Uh, pod culture is says playing Frogger now it sucks.
Bobby Blackwool says, Jeff Keeley is the girlfriend.
Wasn't there?
Was a lady frog that would sometimes be on the, the, or there was a lady frog on the
log that you would pick up on your way.
So yes, Jeff Keeley can be the lady frog.
Uh, and that's true.
And her mat says Nolan North as the voice of frog number one, you guys are doing really
man Questbuster says Troy Baker is the red car.
We're going to start a game company.
You guys.
All right.
Where were we?
Oh yes.
Flaco's email.
Um, that just really got me laughing and thinking about old times at Konami QA.
Well, I hope we give you a laugh here too.
Have a great rest of your stream.
We'll try.
Uh, thanks.
Flaco Jones.
PS.
Here's the link to the keynote where the Konami brand manager comes on stage.
It's just a short two minute clip and the game does not look great.
Uh, yeah.
One of my friends was talking about it online and I was like, yeah, I'm looking at it right
now and it's like, it's sorry if I don't rip the video beforehand, I can't just put it
on stream.
So, um, for those of you guys that were joining us from the giant size team up rate, hello
by the way, and welcome to orange launch radio here at the voice of geeks network.
We're totally a show about video games and we take ourselves very seriously.
This is a very fine craft that we do here, just so you know.
Um, but also since we're very low budget operation, if I didn't grab the video before we started,
then I can't put it on air.
So, uh, and I forgot to grab this one tonight.
So yeah.
It looks really lame.
Yeah.
It does kind of look lame.
That's all you need to know.
It looks lame.
All right.
Uh, that's it for the emails.
If you want to send us an email in a future week, participate at orange launch radio.com
is the place to send your emails for consideration for reading here on air.
Let's get to our next story.
Loki.
All right.
I got to close my Frogger video here, which why is he eating jelly beans?
It doesn't make any sense, whatever.
So red dead online, apparently red dead online.
There may be some teasing going on, um, regarding a possible update soon.
So apparently people have been spotting whether it's part of a glitch or not, uh, NPCs that
sort of look zombie like, um, they have like a screenshot.
For example, this old woman who has clearly a zombie face and kind of dead eyes.
Could this possibly be a hint at an undead nightmare type DLC or red dead online type
of event that's going to go on?
I'm guessing yes, because this is too obvious and too easy of an way for them to get money.
So it makes sense that this is going to be a thing that they'll probably do, especially
since Halloween is right around the corner.
Now earlier in the show, we kind of talked about how some companies like EA are really,
you know, nickel and timing the crap out of things.
And you know, why aren't people just charging the real cost for games and so forth?
But I feel like when it comes to like rock star in some ways, are you, where do you,
how do you feel about this?
Well, red dead, like I feel that they do kind of, they take the whole like online portion
of it.
So there are games as a service model for like the online, Grand Theft Auto online.
There's tons of updates for it, but they do like nickel and dime stuff on there a ton.
Like they're really trying to push those shark cards in red dead redemption to the red dead
online, which I never actually played, but I heard enough of it where it's kind of even
worse where they nickel and dime stuff in there, but they do a lot of content as well.
So it's kind of, it's hard to say whether or not that's, you know, something that people
are interested in, but I don't feel so cheated necessarily by Grand Theft Auto five and rather
redemption too, because the single player campaigns for those are fucking amazing.
Like they're just great games by themselves and you're getting that for $60.
This online portion is above and beyond that.
So that's kind of like, I could see them treating it like their DLC because they don't do single
player DLC anymore for the Grand Theft Auto games or red dead redemption.
It's all in online, which that's fine.
That makes sense because you're, you know, hosting this whole other game.
So you're like, okay with it because there's the single player, which is fully featured,
fully functional for $60.
But then like this multiplayer is like something extra, you know, to be fair to EA, that used
to be the way it was when they first dipped their toe in all this stuff with like Mass
Effect multiplayer, which I loved like, and even though Mass Effect multiplayer, when
they put that in Mass Effect 3 got a lot of pushback and, and, um, you know, shit for
just being a money grab or whatever they're calling it at the time, I actually kind of
loved it because Mass Effect 3 as a standalone game was great.
You know, I even liked it before they did all the patches, whatever fight me.
But when they did the multiplayer stuff on top of that, like I really enjoyed that.
And the loot box stuff didn't feel so mandatory.
You really could grind your way to free loot boxes at a non obscene pace.
Yeah. Like for example, like we want to go back to that server.
We're talking about how like companies abuse stuff like that.
Um, look at Activision where they pay walled a call of duty, um, modern warfare remastered
behind having the purchase call of duty, infinite warfare.
And on top of that, that it's a remaster you would think, oh, it's going to be remastered
all the content in there.
Additional things.
No, no.
The DLC pack that they had in call of duty four, they're going to resell that to you.
Oh, and they're selling it to you for more than what it was originally in the original
game.
Oh, and we're adding loot boxes that no one ever wanted into the game as well.
That is what I'm talking about.
Like taking it to an extreme because they know they can get money and so they're going
to get all of the money is what they want.
All right.
Just wanted to mention the other rockstar related.
Yes.
So I was going to say that they're also, cause this is also something that people really
want is they're rolling out their own PC games launcher.
Why, why do we need to do this?
But apparently they have their own games launcher on PC.
If you own any rockstar titles, you can launch them all in one place.
I think these are more of the ones that you purchase actually through like their game.
Like they have like my grand theft auto five copy for example, is not through steam.
It's actually just through like, I don't even remember where it's through.
I think it was a box copy in it.
You redeem it through the rockstar social club, I want to say at one time.
So I guess this is just a launcher that ties in with that.
And apparently if you install the launcher, you can also claim a free copy of grand theft
auto San Andreas.
Oh wow.
Um, so that's a good way to get me to install it on my computer, offer me a pretty solid
free game.
Yeah.
I don't know if they're suggesting that, um, maybe that red dead redemption twos come into
PC as well or what, but it's about that time.
Right?
Doesn't red dead, or I'm sorry, don't like rockstar games usually show up about a year
later on PC.
Um, sometimes I don't, they're less worried about the piracy.
Yeah.
I don't know if, I don't know if it was going to get that pirated, I guess it would, but
I think times have changed with that kind of times have changed with that kind of stuff
too.
But for whatever reason, rockstar is still kind of on that pattern, but yeah, you can
get this launcher, I guess if you want, I'm not gonna pick it up because I already have
grand theft auto San Andreas on steam and I don't need another copy of it.
And also because I have grand theft five standalone launcher and I honestly haven't played that
in months.
Is this a case of too many launchers out there available?
It is, but I don't really get bent out of shape about that stuff so much.
I mean, I just take them out of my like auto startup thing.
Like I say, no, you can't start up unless I, so I just take them all out of my store.
Like with Epic, like for example, like they've been offering free games.
So like they have had like this week they have the Batman games free because of the
whole tie in with the Fortnite stuff.
So you can get the Lego Batman one, two and three and then Batman Arkham, the Arkham city
night and asylum, I think all free as well.
So I added those to my queue even though I have them already on other platforms and then
my kid, I was like, Hey, I'm like, let's add Lego Batman because you may want to play that
Sunday even if you don't, I didn't even think I put the Batman Arkham stuff in there too.
Ah, you'll play it Sunday.
It's fine.
It's free.
Put it in your library.
Who cares if you don't want it, it doesn't matter.
Let's put it in there.
Well, funny you bring that up.
Cause I think we're going to come back to that.
Oh, sorry.
I real stories.
Oh, you're fine.
It's spoiler alert.
Oh my God.
Anyway, I do want to read some comments in our chat over Twitch TV slash vog network,
VOG network.
Cause you just says I got a free copy of grand theft auto, San Andreas, San Andreas is worth
it.
If you want to see how they got the idea for grand theft auto five online grand theft auto
San Andreas has an online mod that works a lot like GTA five online, but you can be a
cop in it.
It's dope.
So yeah.
Yeah.
You see a lot of the roots of where the games is now in the early.
Yeah.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't like what they've done necessarily with grand theft auto online and how like
it's just such a money grab and same with red dead online.
But with that said, I am there day one when grand theft auto six comes out.
So I don't give a shit about any of that.
All right.
Well, speaking of going back to your roots, uh, this next story we're going to talk about
is a music game story and our voiceover guy, Jason brought this to my attention cause I'm
a little bit out of the loop on music game news these days, but this one does look pretty
cool.
I actually have video of it.
You ready?
I don't know if I, I don't know if I am pronouncing the name of this game, right?
I'm sorry.
I'm going to call it Waka.
It's w a C. Well, I'm thinking Waka, Waka, you know, the old DDR, like Fossey bear Waka,
Waka, Waka.
I, I, yeah, I'm thinking it's Waka, but that's what, that's what I'm sticking to it, but
here's what it looks like.
Uh, for those of you that are watching on Twitch, for those of you that are on the podcast
feed, uh, at least you can kind of hear what the game sounds like a little bit, but it's
got a really neat little kind of neon look to it, huh?
Uh, this is from red Alice's hardcore label, hardcore Tano C. This is the new arcade game.
It is showing up at round ones around the world.
Um, you might be able to find it at Sega arcades in Japan as well.
Um, but, um, I don't think we really have to say I saw, um, someone had posted that
there's, okay, there's a game very similar also has an old look like this because they
had it at dragon con and I've seen it in arcades.
So this is actually like the second, what they call, I love this washing machine looking
game.
Well, there was one that like they showed it was like a Dave and busters, I think in
a run at park or something like that.
Yeah.
But look at this guy is wearing gloves when he plays, which actually considering how many
people touch that machine and kids that pick their nose and probably put their hands all
over the pretty lights.
Um, I don't blame them at all.
Um, but yeah, this, it looks fun, doesn't it?
So for those watching on the, excuse me, listening on the podcast feed, basically these notes
kind of go around the circle and the guy, it's like tempest the music game.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
That's a great way to describe it.
It's tempest the music game.
That is exactly what it is.
That's great.
Um, man, I remember when red Alice was just like, we'd see just a BMS files back in, you
know, the PC beat mania SIM days and now it's like spun off into like actual music games
and crazy.
As Jason describes this, uh, you tap and hold or swipe or draw.
Um, and when you do that, you can swipe clockwise or counterclockwise, you swipe in, swipe out,
uh, and all with a degree of accuracy from which, uh, you can go like not so great to
really, really tight.
Um, the entire ring is touch sensitive.
So the top, the bottom everywhere, it's a very expressive game with lots of vocal Lloyd
and Tano C songs as seen in other music games, some new to music game ones.
And of course, Tano C artists exclusives, uh, Jason says it's a super fun game.
And my, my is the name of the other game that's kind of like a, uh, a washing machine or dryer
shape sort of thing.
So yeah, it looks really fun.
Like I just want to check that out.
Uh, they opened like another round one, uh, the one in Hayward, I think I'm anticipating
I'm like there, you know, on the windows or they don't have a window.
There is the door.
Um, some comments in our chat, uh, Shane says gloves are necessary for these types of games.
Learn that the hard and painful way.
When I was in Japan, good point.
A lot more people probably go prepared to these types of arcades to like, you know,
really like play and do well at these songs.
And some people around one, when I've been to those arcades are, you know, they get into
it, they're prepared.
If they're playing DDR, they've got their, like, like they're going to the gym, they've
got their water bottle and their little, you know, cloth to pat down all the sweat, which
is a nice thing to do.
That's just, it's a necessity.
Yeah, it really is.
So a dark to see it says, Oh yeah, a lot of the, my, my vids, uh, I've seen they wear
gloves.
Um, I hope I'm saying this name right.
Sorry if I'm not.
Thour six, six says, this guy makes it look easy, but maybe it's not.
It's probably like a lot of music games where it's a learning curve, right?
You get used to reading it more and more.
The more you play, like imagine the first time you played dance, dance revolution, if
you ever did play dance, dance revolution, you know, it's really like you would not
be able to do the hardest songs in that game right off the bat.
You've got to learn like, Oh, the arrow hit the top.
You kind of are learning to read the note chart.
And that game is similar to, it takes a lot of practice is basically what it boils down
to.
And I used to be good at games like we'd be in a two DX, but since I haven't played
in so long, if I had to play them now, yikes, uh, that were also, we'll follow set up with
another question.
What happens when you goof?
Usually you probably saw the combo ticking up there.
Let me run the B roll again real quick here.
You'll notice as the person plays, um, there's a combo that kind of ticks up as they are
doing the notes.
You can see it's like 10, 11, 12, 16, 19.
So as they're hitting all the notes, this combo goes up.
If this player were to screw up, that combo would break, which I mean, big deal, right?
But if you mess up too many notes, usually the song will fail and you will, you know,
you basically you lose.
But I also like the little things that comes over the top bonus get and that whole type
of thing.
So a really cute how they have that whole thing.
But of course if you want a high score, which is what this is all about, then you want to
try to make sure you get the highest combo if possible.
People really like to brag when they get full combos and things like that.
Yeah.
So that's what that's all about.
So a Waka looks pretty cool.
I can't wait to go to a round one and check this out for myself.
Meanwhile, Loki, um, you alluded to this a little bit ago.
Yeah.
So as I mentioned, there's free stuff on Epic game store right now for Batman.
Um, and of course all that stuff is tying in with a, um, I don't know if it's the new
season.
I assume it's a new season for Batman or a Fortnite that they're doing a crossover Batman
right now, uh, through and from now through October 6th and you basically can buy different
things including a cosmetics there from the comic book and movies.
So they have, you can get a Cape, um, you can buy a Cape Crusader pack and also they've
got different weapons, new gliders.
Um, so some of the gear that they're going to offer, a grapple gun that allows you to
be able to, uh, kind of, you know, fly through the air, the explosive batarangs and yeah.
So they'll have those, uh, you can earn like a cat wing glider as well, Batman themed imagery
and other fun stuff.
So that's going on between now and this, uh, the six admittedly, I don't play a lot of
Fortnite, but I really do like Batman stuff.
So I almost kind of want to check it out.
Is that weird?
It's free.
I picked it and I, you know, I picked up that Arkham trilogy on, uh, the Epic store too.
I was like, dang, I was like, cause they, they were showing the little teaser and I
was like, what are they going to, are they going to give away the whole trilogy?
What are they giving away?
And sure enough, they're giving away like a ton of Batman games, but to make hype for
their Fortnite thing.
Yeah.
Trilogy and uh, the Lego stuff too.
Wait, Fortnite's making oodles of cash for Epic.
They can pay $10 million to have control, be exclusive, they can give away these Batman
games.
It's pretty crazy.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Does it have all the DLC?
Maybe that's another thing too.
Sometimes they'll give away games, but you still have to buy the DLC or buy the extra
stuff.
I don't know.
I don't know either, but it was, I think it was like the Arkham collection.
So maybe it does have all the DLC in it.
Maybe somebody in chat can clarify that for us over at TwitchTV.
I mean I could look, I guess.
FlashVog network if you've played, I don't know.
Um, so, uh, but you mentioned the kids were checking out the Lego Batman stuff.
Well, I just downloaded it for them cause they liked Lego Batman 2 at one point cause
that was the one that was more open, like more open world.
Um, so the, yeah, the Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham City are the game of the year editions.
Arkham Knight doesn't state that it's the game of the year edition, so I assume, I don't
know if all the DLC is in that one.
Um, same with the Lego Batman stuff.
I don't know if DLC is in there, but I don't think, um, no, I don't want to install that.
I don't, I do they, I mean, I assume they sell DLC on here, but like, I don't know.
I'm sure they do too.
Cause I, I, let me, let me find out.
Let's see.
Well actually, if you could do me a favor, can you pull up the next story for me?
Cause it's on one of the sites that's not working on this browser over here.
So I'm going to need you to help me out here in talking about it.
The next story is about Contra Rogue Corps and I know one part of it is that they're
going to be giving away, uh, basically DLC type stuff after launch, which is kind of
similar.
If I remember right, how like the bomber man reimagining did is that they had like, then
you had like pyramid head bomber man and you had other characters that were available in
the game after launch and you didn't have to like pay extra money for them.
So that's always kind of nice, you know, especially amongst the ranting or raving we've been doing
earlier in this show, it is really cool.
And I think, you know, it goes a long way when we see a company really support a game
after launch with extra additions.
I think it's also part of the reason why Overwatch, you know, again, we talked about how Overwatch
is a winning formula.
What two years later, it's because they keep adding characters like Sigma, Batista or newer
characters, you know, they're still adding this replay value.
You don't have to buy these characters if you want the skins and you want the pretty
characters, you know, or them looking their best, I suppose, uh, then yeah, you either
have to play the lottery or, you know, essentially or, or buy more packs, but, uh, yeah.
So anyway.
For Contra there, the question was, well, why is it taking so long to come back?
And so basically the answer to that was it was very hard to kick off the project just
because we needed to find the right kind of momentum and timing.
Obviously I really wanted to make another Contra game.
I've been really pushing.
I just couldn't find the right push and couldn't get the approval for such a project.
Doesn't that, doesn't that, oh, couldn't get the approval.
I was gonna say a lot of that just sounds like a really nice way of saying like, I wanted
to do this 10 years ago, but Konami wouldn't let me cause they're bitches.
Yeah, that's, I'm sorry, but I, this person's very nice and it's saying it in a very polite
way, but that's kind of what I'm really reading into this is that you really want to do this
a long time ago is that the timing didn't work out.
Like that's what you're saying when you're gonna break up with somebody and they said,
it's just not the right time.
It's not a you thing.
It's a me thing.
Yeah.
And then they said also one thing, one of the difficult things is finding the right
team to work on such a game and even just the staff and resources we have at the time,
but what really pushed forward with the project was one of the things that was very memorable
to me was working on Contra games and I know the series well, so I figured who else would
be worthy to create a new, the next Contra game and that's why I wanted to contribute
all of my talent and history on the series to make it come to life.
So that's pretty awesome.
Um, and then of course they're saying that Rogue Corps is going to be getting free content
after launch as well.
So they talked about post launch stuff, including more missions and weapons and indicated that
players will have the ability to go beyond the current level cap.
There's levels in the game.
That's weird.
Um, yeah.
And they said there's also going to be a season pass and it will feature four DLCs that are
going to prize up skins and in game items.
So there'll be a little mix of stuff that's free and stuff that's not free.
I did not play the demo for this.
Let me check out that demo cause apparently like I know Dr. C played it and some other
people on my Twitter feed have said it's fun.
Because like I don't think I want to get more Switch games right now cause my kids are fighting
over it and also because I've still have to replace those analog sticks, which by the
way, yes, I heard about this too.
Um, I was going to mention because now that, you know, that Switch Lite came out, they're
using the same fucking analog sticks on the Switch Lite and guess what?
You can't replace on those.
Yeah, that's smart Nintendo.
That's going to be a problem that's going to bite you in the ass six months from now.
Yeah.
I have a feeling Nintendo is not going to think the best of that decision later on down
the line, but we'll see.
I mean, it's, it's all about what's going to happen a year from now and those things
start breaking.
Are they going to have another, you know, suit on their hands or whatever?
That one's going to be even harder because you can't just send the controllers in.
Whereas you may have spares for that.
You got to send the whole damn system back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'd be interesting.
Anyway, uh, we're going to do just a couple of quick stories and then we're going to get
to the listener round table, uh, via discord and chat.
So if you want to actually call into our show live, you can use, have to be on our
discord server over at vog network.com slash discord.
We'll get you the invite.
You need to get in there.
And uh, if you go to the green room, you can hang out and uh, we'll pull some of you guys
in to actually be on the show a little later on.
All the information about that is right below on Twitch TV.
If you're watching on your computer, all that is recap down below because I know we have
some new viewers tonight.
So thanks for that.
Uh, if you wanted to call in and have your say you can, but if you want to just sit back
and watch, you can do that too.
We'll also take questions and other comments from our chat room.
But first we have a few more stories for you guys, including, I think, uh, we were talking
about blue rays earlier.
This is one that some of y'all might want to get because I have to ask you a question
though.
Did you touch her breast?
In case you don't pick out the reference, please provide 30 years ago before this clip
ends up on Tumblr.
30 years ago, a brilliant movie came out called the wizard, um, which, you know, how many
of y'all saw it in theaters?
That's on the drive in.
Yeah, I didn't see a drive in, but my dad bless his heart, took me to go see it in the
theater at the, at the, at the boobies is what they were.
They were the domes.
So we all call them the boobies.
So he took me to the boobies to go see, uh, the wizard.
Yes.
So the wizard came out 30 years ago.
They're having their anniversary.
Um, coming, they have a 30th anniversary edition is coming out in blue Ray, uh, set the launch
February, 2020.
And don't know what special features are going to be on there, but it'll be so rad.
You think we'd get something like deleted scenes?
Maybe the power glove edition.
Hmm.
I don't know.
Oh, wouldn't that be cool if the case was like a power glove type of thing?
I don't know.
Maybe there's some, probably not.
There's still be trademarks and copyrights.
Yeah.
Maybe.
But yeah, it, it was, it was such a big commercial for Nintendo products.
It was, or as a saying in their chat room, uh, Bobby Blackwell says the super Mario brothers
three and Nintendo direct orange right says the first Nintendo direct ever.
Yeah.
Pretty much pretty much.
Uh, and Bobby is also saying, I saw it in theaters twice just to watch the super Mario
brothers three portion.
Again, I, I sat there, I brought a notepad to write down things to take notes about super
Mario brothers three.
Oh no.
And a downer message from Bobby.
I forgot about this sad that the guy who played Lucas became a registered sex offender.
Oh yeah.
I heard about that too.
Thanks.
I guess we solved that problem then of who it was that touched her breasts.
I'm just, I don't want anything to do with that joke.
I'm just gonna move right into the next story.
Well, great, great.
And then here's, here's the story I saved for last boil boy.
This is a show that's going to generate some emails.
Um, the, uh, headline here on VG 24 seven is over 1 million people have wanked off to
border lands on porn hub during launch week.
That's right.
People are watching border lands porn on porn hub.
A 1 million people search for border lands porn in five days.
That's an increase of 12,905% of who is looking for border lands porn the day before.
See that porn hub being the social savvy company that they are actually went out and
made a graphic for what people are searching for.
By the way, border lands five times more popular than Fortnite and three times more popular
than overwatch.
Would you like to hear some of the searches people have been doing on porn hub?
Yes.
Border lands three border lands, moxie, border lands, two border lands, hentai, border lands,
Lilith, border lands, cosplay, border lands, and pretty much every character in the game,
tales from the border lands and so on and so on.
Porn hub actually wrote a blog post about it saying the most popular border land search
is border lands three followed by border lands, moxie, a search demographic show that men
are 84% more likely to search border lands than women and visitors age 18 to 24 are 119%
more likely to search when compared to all other age groups.
Fascinating.
The people most likely to search for porn on Pandora are also likely to search for hentai.
That's it.
That's the tweet.
People are searching for border lands porn on porn hub.
Thanks, Valve.
Why are you saying thanks, Valve?
Because most of that shit was made with Valve's source filmmaker.
Source filmmaker.
You can't even buy the fucking game on Steam.
No, but they use that for all sorts of like naughty videos.
All your Overwatch shit, all your, you know, border lands stuff.
Source filmmaker.
Anyhow, I'm so glad we could end on that note.
Maybe we'll see if there's last minute stories later on in the show.
But it's that time of the show where we're going to take your calls and some of your
questions from Discord.
If you have any questions for us, you can put those in our Twitch channel right now.
Twitch.tv slash vog network.
But we actually do have a call waiting to come be on the show tonight.
So let's go to the Discord server and say hello.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Shane.
Hey, Shane.
It's good to hear from you.
What's up?
I wanted to talk about the best game of the year.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Before you do that, you have to tell the story about how you crossed state lines to capture
Pokemon.
Oh, okay.
So we already heard the story of how Oshawa is my favorite Pokemon and is the best Pokemon
how I wanted it and go like, I wanted as many as I could possibly get.
So there weren't any easy ways around where I live to get one.
But according to our local area group, there was one at a nest at a park about an hour
away for like, cool, let's go get it.
So we just typed the name of the park into GPS.
And we just drove and when we got there, so, like, it was just this little town with a
park and we're driving through this little town.
And I saw, like a pot dispensary, I'm like, wait, Idaho doesn't have that.
And then I started looking at the buildings and one of them said, like, the name of the
city, Oregon.
And I'm like, Oh, we went to a different state.
So only you would kidnap oshawats and take them across state lines after
Yeah, I only got five.
So I didn't take I didn't kidnap a whole bunch.
Yeah, that that nest that I basically helped you cheat to get in Elk Grove was kind of
better even though it's kind of slow like that.
Well, you know that park right for the I guess yeah, because for the listeners, yeah, I used
to hunt there.
This park is like four, but was some like there was like two stops there that were new
to you.
So there's clearly added things.
But anyway, this is one of those like sports parks is like four baseball diamonds big.
And you have to like walk around the mall to get all the stops.
It's crazy big.
So yeah.
All right.
What do you really want to call in about tonight?
The best game of the year untitled goose game.
Untitled goose game.
Just waiting for you to pull it up.
There it is.
Okay.
There.
There's a shame trust that I'm on it.
Yes.
Uh huh.
Um, so I bought this game, not knowing anything about it, except that you were a goose.
And I was like, well, that's really enough for me.
I don't really need much more information than that.
And what I got was a hilarious puzzle stealth game that I laughed so hard playing it.
I don't remember playing a game where I laughed this hard in a long, long time.
Random ass segment.
We're watching on the Twitch feed right now.
The goose like honked at this guy until he fell over and his glasses fell off.
The goose went over, picked up the glasses and ran away like a little bitch.
Yeah.
No.
Well you do that.
So you're the little bitch.
It's not the goose.
What'd you call me?
Well, whatever.
It's fine.
But no, it gave me the same amount of happiness that I got when I first played Katamari Damacy.
It was just amazing.
And there's nothing really fancy or spectacular about this game, but it's fun.
I feel like I know what it's like to be a goose now because they're just jerks and that's
all you do in this game is be a jerk.
And I love it.
I'm glad you said it so I didn't have to.
Yeah, but it's not very long and it's on sale right now for 15 instead of 20, which was
also a nice little bonus.
But you're given like a set of tasks for each area.
And once you complete a certain amount of tasks, which is almost always the whole list
or close to it rather, you get to go on to another area.
And there's only four areas, I believe, four main areas at least.
And I beat the game in as hard of quote marks as I can use with my fingers.
But after you beat it and you go through the credits, you're given a whole other list of
tasks.
And I don't know if it opens up more areas because I stopped playing that and we were
showing Dustin's coworker, Sayonara Wild Hearts.
So Sayonara Wild Hearts.
So I don't know, maybe there's like a lot of replayability.
I want a second game.
I want DLC.
I don't want to be a different goose, though, because this goose is the best one.
Sorry, I'm laughing at the video.
He just he just snatched those paper towels right back from her.
Yeah, you have to do this sort of stuff like you have to get creative.
I had to get this guy's hat and I couldn't reach his head.
So I had to like, put something that he would pick up that I had moved over by like a mound
of dirt.
And I just stood there waiting for him to go pick it up and I snatched his hat and ran
away with it.
It was great.
Okay, I'm running out of b rolls, I gotta go back to the studio.
But that's fine.
I mean, the game does look hilarious.
Again, there were a lot of good games that came out this week.
And I think most people are fixated on Link's Awakening, which I get it.
It's fine.
It's a great game.
That should be one of the games you're playing.
But like, you know, there's these other great releases that came out and I know Shane is
all about the Untitled Goose Game.
I'm all about Sayonara Wild Hearts and honestly, I'll probably like the goose game too.
And Shane, you like Sayonara Wild Hearts, right?
Yeah, I haven't played it a lot.
I watched it mostly.
But when I did play, I was trying to do those riddles.
And it was fun.
It's just 80s nonsense.
And 80s nonsense is a great way to describe this game, quite honestly.
Yeah.
But it's not better than Untitled Goose Game and we picked up Zelda.
I haven't even opened it yet because I'm like, these games are way too fun.
I don't even care about Zelda right now.
Yeah, it's a busy week.
And then on top of all that, it's like, oh, and I've got to play Final Fantasy 14 as well
and all my MMOs and all that stuff too.
So it's been a week.
Yeah.
But I suggest anybody that even liked that footage, the littlest bit, it's so much better
than that.
I locked a lady in a garage.
Like that's how great this game is.
That's awesome.
So it's on sale right now.
Go get it.
You won't be disappointed.
All right, quickly, before I let you go, the last Pokemon Community Day that we had was
Turtwig, right?
Yeah.
How many shiny Turtwigs did you pick up?
Not that many.
It was not a great time yet again.
I think it was under 10.
So I just didn't care either.
It was Turtwig.
This might have been the first Community Day ever I got more than you.
Well, I'm literally looking right now just to make sure and I didn't trade any so I should
see one.
I got 10 exactly.
All right.
Yeah.
All right.
I'll just wait till next June when Oshawott should have his Community Day.
So Oh, and it's on.
I see in chat what systems it's on switch, Mac and Windows.
And I think that's it.
Is it an Epic Store exclusive because I see their feature?
It is.
Yeah.
Boy.
There they go again.
All right.
All right.
Well, Shane, thanks for the call.
I'm glad you know, since we missed it, you know, Loki and I weren't able to play the
game this week.
I'm glad somebody did and talk to us about it.
So I will definitely check it out.
I guess I'll have to pick it up while it's still on sale.
There is also another game I was going to mention.
I haven't got a chance to play it yet, but I know it also came out this week as well
as what the golf and that one looked funny to what's that one about briefly.
It's like a it's like a golf game, but it's it's strange.
Each level is not necessarily like how you normally play golf.
And it's just like the Kirby golf game.
No, it's very different.
Like I seriously, you know, definitely go check it out.
Like there's one level that there's a bunch of people where you're a soccer ball and a
bunch of people are trying to kick you off a cliff or something like that.
And you're trying to get to the goal.
It is just a really weird game.
All right.
That's also coming out on switch and PC.
OK.
Before I go, I do want to say one more thing about that amazing game of the year that I
play.
OK, so because there's no spoilers in this game because you're given your tasks.
So one of them is you have to get a ribbon on you.
And the only way to get a ribbon is to steal a ceramic duck, go hide it somewhere and then
go pose as the duck until the lady comes and puts a ribbon on you.
I thought that was hilarious.
That's pretty good.
It sounds like the type of game that you did you like because you mentioned like you've
been hanging out with your hubby and coworker and stuff like that.
Were you all playing it together?
Just laughing.
It's probably that game that's like funnier in groups.
Yeah, it was just me and Dustin for most of it.
And then his coworker came over and we just all kind of played through the last stage
and it was hilarious.
All right.
All right, Shane.
If you don't have anything else, I'm gonna let you go for now and we'll talk to you later.
OK.
Bye bye.
All right.
I don't know if we have to have any last minute story.
There's nobody else in the green room.
So I don't know if we have any last minute stories.
It did seem like it was kind of a slower Newsweek this week, didn't it?
Yeah, it was pretty slow.
Like I was looking for stuff and just me.
Yeah, I know it's almost everybody's playing games with all the stuff that's out there
to play this week.
So.
All right.
Well, I guess we're going to get everybody's final thoughts and then we're going to wrap
up.
By the way, if you are watching live on Twitch, we're going to do the giveaway from the community
chest one more time during the credits.
So stay tuned because you might win something and chances are pretty good to actually just
like because literally everybody who didn't already have it got one and there were still
like 13 left.
So yeah.
Sit tight.
If you don't have a Twitch Prime thing, you're going to get this Dauntless thing.
I could see how many viewers we have and it's not as so many that will probably still have
some gifts left over that we'll have to use in the middle of the week or something.
I don't know.
But anyway, I do want to start to wrap up here.
Thank you, of course, for tuning into Orange Andrado tonight and for participating with
the show.
Really appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Andrado, please tell a friend or two about
the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here in our green room waiting to call, how can we get those
voices out there?
We need more in our chat and so forth.
So really appreciate the raids and all that stuff.
That's really awesome.
Thank you so much for that.
And I also want to say a big thanks for that.
And those of you that do the auto hosting as well on Twitch, all that hosting and stuff
goes a very long way.
I will acknowledge some more specifics after the credits as I usually do.
In the meantime, it's about that time to get everybody's final thoughts.
We'll be back in seven days to do this all over again.
Dark Soccer should be back with us.
I know she's been playing an awful lot of Link's Awakening and her and Dan are further
in the game than I am.
So they probably have a lot to say about it.
I know they're going to want to talk about it as well.
So we'll get into that in the next week.
Meanwhile, we're about here to close up shop.
So Loki, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I have to play Untitled Goose Game this week and then just work on my game.
Yeah.
I want to see.
I saw like I peeked over your shoulder.
I saw a little bit of your game.
It looked like the yeah, you've got like walls and it looks pretty legit.
Yeah.
The walls and stuff.
I just I updated because I deleted my arena that I was in.
So I re updated everything because it's built out of tiles now.
And so I had to rebuild everything.
I have an error, though, so I can't actually play it at the moment.
I have to fix whatever it is.
It's something that was working.
I think when I was taking stuff out, I did a bug fixing.
Yes.
That's part of making a game, right?
Yeah.
Well, I look forward to being able to play your game at some point.
All right.
And my final thought tonight is, oh, busy.
It's going to be a very busy week and weekend and very busy for the next couple weeks.
But I hope I get to squeeze in some great game playing myself.
I still want to get further in Link's Awakening and I got to play this goose game as well
for myself and whatever else is going to come out in the next couple of weeks.
It's a great time to be a gamer.
So that's going to do it for another night here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys again, as always, for tuning in and watching, whether you did it here live
on Twitch or whether you listen to the podcast feed.
Thank you so much for participating with the show and we'll do it again in seven days.
Have a great night, everybody.
Bye bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
