This week, classic game preservation, lawsuit three masters, teases, and the general lot.
If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go play the original medieval because I never did
when I was younger and its remake is coming out.
That's what I'll be doing over the next couple of hours while listening to the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 794 for this September 29th
of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me here in Studio N7 in Sacramento, California, say
hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Happy New Year, Jews.
Yes, Happy New Year.
Happy Jew Year.
You had last week off.
Yeah.
How you doing?
On fire.
There's a fire.
There's a fire in your heart?
In my dark, rotten heart.
I see.
Burning away the rottenness and leaving me in a mood, quote fingers, a mood.
And what's fanning those flames?
Is it the wings of a goose?
I haven't played it yet.
It's a lack of Pepto.
Oh, hi, Tech Master Loki.
How are you?
Hi, I'm here.
As you can see on the camera.
Or not, because you may be listening to us.
Yeah, they may be listening on the podcast feed.
Yeah, I think I need like a Zantac or something.
But if you want to watch us live, you can every week at Twitch TV slash VOG Network,
where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And you can chat along in our chat room and we read some of the comments throughout the
evening on chat.
Excuse me, on the stream and on our show.
And of course, later in the show, we'll invite your calls via Discord or if you're feeling
shy, of course, we take lots of questions from the chat room and all that good stuff.
So we have to catch things up on Dark Sakura.
We have to we have to go over the outstanding agenda items from our last meeting for meeting
number 793.
Did you write the minutes?
So yes, item number one, Dark Sakura, I brought you an offering.
It's a new little Mortal Kombat mini machine that I paid you for.
You did.
But I talked a little bit about this on last week's show.
I'm just kind of curious what you think of it in person.
This is kind of funky on it.
Yeah.
They're probably that way to be.
You know, I didn't even notice it right off the bat, but there's six buttons on it.
Yeah.
Five.
That's really weird.
I think Loki noticed that, like, right off the bat.
He was like, why is there six?
But I saw in the picture that you sent, but I was like, maybe it was just well, then it's
got there.
It's a block button.
It's a port of the Genesis version.
And although someone like I don't know if they've confirmed it or not.
You said that there was no blood in there, but it alludes to a blood code.
And since it's a Genesis version, you'd think that you'd still be able to put the blood
code in.
It doesn't say anything on it.
Yeah.
About licensing.
I didn't.
I haven't, to be honest, I haven't really turned it on and played with it yet.
That's something I hope to do a little later.
So we'll see.
Anyway.
I'm turning it on.
Yeah.
I already played a little bit with it on this feed last week, so I don't want to repeat
ourselves too bad.
But I just wanted to see what you thought of that in person now that you're here.
It doesn't look like the Genesis version though.
It's got better animation.
You think it looks like the Genesis version to me, but it might be different hardware
in there.
Who knows?
Anyway.
Um, there was another outstanding agenda item.
Oh yes.
Things of super importance.
Cause you know, we do talk video games here at Orange Lawn Radio, but once in a while
other things come up too.
So Loki tried to go back to the chicken place last week and guess what?
They're gone.
They're gone.
Out of business already.
It's been like a month.
Chicken.
The Korean chicken place.
Oh, that sucks.
A moment of silence, please.
They are officially gone.
Wow.
Because, uh, I did see like if you actually go up on Google reviews, someone posted the
eviction notice, so it's legit.
They've been evicted.
Yikes.
No more, no more awesome chicken.
At least I had it twice.
I hope it wasn't cause they failed a health inspection like real bad or something.
That's uh, whatever they were doing, whatever rat feces were in there, it was delicious.
So that was actually the flavor apparently.
All right.
Anyway, that's, that's what made it taste so good.
It's like, Hmm, maybe I should try Rafi says more often if it tastes like buttery chicken.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get into games.
Dang it.
There's a, there's a lot going on this week in the gaming world.
Uh, TwitchCon was this week, which is TwitchCon is more one of those.
Like it's gaming culture, obviously, obviously we were fans of Twitch here cause we're doing
our show here live on Twitch, uh, before it goes to the podcast feed.
But I think there's lots of people that have certainly consumed Twitch in one way or the
other.
And I know you might be out there thinking, Oh, I'm more a mixer person.
Mixer is better.
Or I like to go on YouTube.
I think there's better stuff on YouTube.
I still kind of think even if you're a fan of an alternative platform for whatever reason,
these sorts of conventions are good to keep your eye on because you know, since there
is a little bit more competition coming from specifically mixer, I think in this space,
cause we all know the Ninja thing and by the way, on the tangent, no, I know what you're
talking about.
Y'all know.
Y'all know.
I watched that singing.
Who's under the mask show, right?
What was, I was not expecting freaking Ninja of all people to be one of the celebrities.
I mean, there's, there's your representative.
Oh, you know, it's funny though.
Cause when he got introduced, this is how you know it's not live and that they taped
this stuff like months ago because, uh, Nick Cannon, the host actually said Twitch streamer,
like Twitch guy, he actually said Twitch his name, even though all this shit about mixer
has happened when like several weeks ago.
But yeah, he, he was one of the celebrities that was, uh, in the mask.
Tim and Johnny Weir, who is a great figure skater if you've ever like watched that stuff.
Anyway.
He's so all right.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, but there's a, I just think I love the costumes.
So nobody, nobody's that great a singer.
It was very much a Fortnite costume.
Like I would not be surprised if that's a new skin that's coming to Fortnite.
Oh God.
Yeah, probably.
Anyway.
All right.
Not to get on that tension too much, but I couldn't help but bring it up.
But I still think, you know, in that competitive outlet with everything, like you kind of want
to watch what Twitch does because, you know, other people are going to, uh, respond to
it in various ways, whether it be with their own, you know, um, new features that are inspired
by Twitch or vice versa, sometimes Twitch kind of borrows things from other places.
So anyway, um, dark Tetsuya in our chat over Twitch TV slash vog network says, wow, he
got on that show.
Yeah.
Go, go figure.
Yeah.
How does that conversation even start?
Like who it's, what's our dream list of people we want to be on the mass singer.
Hey, someone get that Ninja guy.
And it's not like it can even be like, Oh, he'll promote it with his fans that he can't.
None of them can because you don't know who's in there until they get kicked off the show.
Right.
It's weird.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Act F says this is a gaming podcast.
Hypothetically.
I mean, that's the category things are under.
He plays games.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Moving on.
Let me just say this again.
I'm a little bit sad.
I couldn't go.
I haven't been in several years.
The last Twitch con I went to was when they had it at the Moscone center.
And I want to say that was almost four years ago, maybe five years ago at this point.
But that actually, so, so it was actually our voiceover guy who's a big Twitch supporter
and community, you know, personally, he's in a lot of Twitch channels, including this
one.
Um, Jason like was like, no, no, I have an extra ticket.
You're going to Twitch con and come up here for the day.
Come on.
You know?
And so, and I'm actually really glad he forced me to go because that really helped me like
get Twitch a lot more and actually kind of inspired me to do kind of what's happening
now.
I mean, you know, eventually it wasn't a direct path to OLR being on Twitch, but I don't think
we would have got here without that.
So, um, yeah, Twitch con was very inspiring.
So I've kind of wanted to go every year since, but they've had it on really bad weekends.
They usually have it around Halloween and I'm almost always committed to hosting a show
like October.
Cause y'all know, I do hosting gigs here locally on the side for cult cinema and burlesque
and stuff.
And so I do like improv and stuff.
So October is a crazy month for that stuff.
September would have been great if I didn't start a new job just three weeks ago, so I
couldn't make it.
But next year they've already announced, that's one thing to point out.
They've already announced the dates for next year and there's two Twitch cons cause they're
going to have one in Amsterdam earlier in the year as well.
So, uh, but I will definitely, definitely go next year, assuming it doesn't like sell
out or something silly.
So as we mentioned, uh, there's going to be a European Twitch con that will happen May
2nd and 3rd, 2020 and San Diego will be the home once again, uh, for Twitch con, uh, next
year.
And it's not in October.
It's kind of the same weekend next year.
It's the last weekend of September, uh, the 25th through the 27th, some new things that
are going to be coming to Twitch.
There's going to be a creator dashboard so you can actually set up actions on your dashboard.
It sounds to me a little bit like, like these little stream deck clicky things, like that
the new dashboard is kind of inspired by that a little bit.
So, you know, we like our, our push buttons to be able to do things.
So it sounds like it might be a little bit like that.
This is really cool too.
Um, viewers will be able to earn points for doing things you're already doing that you
can use for rewards like tier one emotes, highlighting a message or other things that
we decide to turn on for you.
I'm sure we here at VOG Network will do something with that.
I just don't know what we'll do with that yet.
I'm not going to promise we'll turn everything on, but I mean, I could see where like the
highlighting the messages or I'm all I'm big on emotes.
Like we could, we could try to use some of that stuff.
So that sounds kind of interesting.
Um, this is also a big, big deal.
Ads are going to change on Twitch.
Um, so ads will not necessarily be right at the top of the fee.
You know how, like, if you go to a channel that you're not subscribed to, you get like
a pre-roll ad.
Those may not necessarily be there moving forward because now affiliates as well as
partners will be able to add drop midstream.
So if we wanted to, when we wanted to take a quick 30 second studio break or something,
we could play an ad.
I'm not saying we're doing that.
I don't know how it's going to work yet.
We got a lot to talk about and dissect.
And most importantly, we have to see it in action.
You gotta, you gotta know what tools you really have because there's, there's the spiel that
they give on stage.
Right?
There's nothing with E3 or any type of show where they're showing a new game.
There's the spiel they give you on stage and then it's what it really looks like, right?
There's no man's sky.
There's what they show you on stage and then there's what it really looks like when it
comes out.
And then it's awesome three years later, to be fair.
Uh, there's the Final Fantasy 7 remake, which looked pretty good on stage.
Like there's no way the game's going to look that good.
And now that they're actually showing it, it's like, oh, holy shit, it does kind of
actually look that good.
So, but anyway, we have to see kind of what the ads and all that stuff really look like.
So that'll, that'll be interesting.
And also they're going to be building in a new studio to make it easier for new creators
to get started with setup.
There's going to be templates, you know, kind of making the path to streaming a little bit
easier.
Let me ask a question of everybody here in studio as well as in our chat room.
Is this a good thing that the accessibility and the way to be able to stream is going
to get easier or is it going to saturate what might already be an oversaturated website?
Like is it, are too many people live streaming?
I don't necessarily think it's going to over saturate anything because people can already
stream.
It's just that you're not going to have all the, you know, templates and everything to
make it look more professional.
It's just, this is adding that kind of polish to your average stream.
So that kind of brings everybody up so that the quality's much better than just like some
really shit quality stream that is in a really low resolution with just, I don't know, graphics
made in paint and who knows, I don't know what the worst case scenario would be, but
I think it's just helpful tools that they have to kind of like make their platform seem
more desirable than say like Mixer or something like that.
So it's like, hey, look, you know, we'll make it easy.
Here's some, here's some pieces that you can use to kind of get yourself started.
Dr. Sacco, what do you think?
I agree with that.
And there's another aspect to this and that's branding.
Twitch has to provide a set standard that's going to fit their brand.
Everything, even if it's individual content providers doing their things, they're still
going to have to have something that ties it all back to Twitch and not just that you're
using their interface.
Actually you may not be aware of this and I think you should definitely look at this
and I'll have to send you the direct link if I can find it or maybe somebody can put
it in chat.
Twitch, as part of this whole Twitch kind of thing, did a massive rebranding.
Like they haven't reinvented the site completely, but they kind of went, here is our tweaked
logo and this is why we tweaked it.
Here is our new color of purple and this is why we went with a brighter purple.
And then they said, here's all the official shades that we will support.
And they named them all after video game related things.
So there's like a jiggly is one of the colors because it looks like Julie Puff and so on
and so on.
There's all these different colors.
And they said, we're changing our font and the new font is this and this is why we're
going with this font.
And I thought as I was reading it, I actually thought of you because I know you're a big,
like you went to school for design and all that stuff and I kind of thought, I bet Jamie
would appreciate that they're not just saying we're changing our brand, but they're kind
of explaining this is what we want to say with it.
We're picking a bolder purple because we want to be bolder, you know, that type of thing.
I thought that was interesting.
No, um, I, I'll be honest, I love the concept of rebranding.
I like it when it's done in a very seamless method.
Like when they say, you know, we're still using purple, but we're using this shade of
purple now.
You know what I mean?
Like if you look at this one shade of pink, you look at and you always think Barbie, right?
If you look at that combination of purple and black today, most of the time for branding,
we're going to think of Twitch.
And that's why they're, you know, with them choosing their specific colors that makes
brand recognition at a glance and just look at the color.
You know, if you look at, you know, a couple of V's and one of them's orange, one of them's
blue, you're going to think of Chevron, you know, it's that immediate recognition.
But I also think though that tying in all the rest of this is another part of that branding
re-effort.
That's right.
You know what?
You're right.
In certain, in certain circles anyway, cause I bet some people when they see the purple
and black or at least the old purple, I think this new purple is a brighter, bolder one
that's going to really stick out.
But like I would say the old purple and black kind of looked like a sports team.
Is it the Jaguars or something?
There's a sports team that has very, or no shit, the Kings here locally are like purple
and white.
Yeah.
Kings are more using the purple and white.
But it depends.
See, it depends what you're into, right?
But maybe Twitch is going with a different shade of purple too, cause it doesn't like
this new purple doesn't look like a sports team.
It's very interesting.
I did notice things are a little brighter.
Yeah.
So anyway, I just thought that was very interesting, the branding and especially you bring that
up like the brand.
Let me go back to the question at hand about should more people be getting into Twitch
or are there too many people in the pool?
Kaijuto says the more, the better.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream says it'd be nice if you could stream and make it look nice without having
to be a fucking wizard in OBS.
Yeah.
This'll be something that they're kind of working on there.
So obviously y'all know I'm a big proponent of more people getting their voices out there
and heard.
So yes, absolutely.
I think this is a great thing, but here's the thing.
I'm starting to notice a few too many people, including people I would consider good friends
of mine and stuff that think that they're going to make oodles of money by streaming
on Twitch that like you're going to get all of a sudden all these people are going to
show up and you're going to make money just because you play video games online.
And I kind of stick to myself because I feel like I've been down this road before with
podcasting is that people will ask, well, how much do you make by podcasting?
Because they think, oh, well, when I listen to RuPaul's podcast, I keep hearing ads for,
you know, new mattress companies.
I have a response to that.
How much do you make sitting in your pajamas?
How much do you make when you drive to the park?
Right?
Well, I don't get paid for that.
You do it because you enjoy it, right?
Why do you have to put monetary value on things that give you joy?
Right.
So I just, that's my only thing is that I am all for more people getting into Twitch
and streaming.
I really would ask somebody, what is your motivation for doing it?
And if your motivation for doing it is that I want to hang out, I want to make some friends
and hang out and play games online.
Cool.
You're doing it for the right reason.
I want to start a community.
Awesome reason.
I want to get my voice out there because I don't feel represented by what's already out
there.
Fucking incredible, amazing reason.
Do it.
But if your reason is I want to make money, just stop, honey, stop.
Don't waste our time.
Well, you'll make money.
It's just, you're going to be disappointed a teeny bit and then everybody else is going
to be disappointed.
You're going to be able to buy that taco, dear.
You'll be able to buy that taco.
So you've got to really like ask yourself the motivation and at the end of the day,
if your motivation is making community, getting your voice out there, I want to be heard more
than anything else, then yes, do it.
And everybody should be out there doing it.
Kaijuto in chat says, I don't think people think they're going to make a lot of cash.
YouTube streamers broke the fourth wall on that.
Most know it's a little bit.
You'd be a little surprised.
Tigerclaw says, what about those that use places like Patreon?
As long as you're not using Kickstarter.
Patreon is fine, but I mean, again, you have to do what's best for you.
I would just say don't go into Patreon with the expectation.
Oh, if I sign up for a Patreon, I'm going to get $50 a month for sure.
You know, because that may not happen and you're just going to set yourself up for disappointment.
Like why are you going to make $50 a month?
That's the number one question to ask yourself.
Why are you going to make that money?
Anyway, let's see, what else do I have here?
Oh, I wanted to give a shout out in our chat to TSS Tech Angel, who back in the day, I'm
going to call her by her old name, DDR Angel, okay, back in the day, was actually at Twitch
Con.
And I know Angel is a big fan and proponent, I guess, of Twitch.
And she is in chat saying, hey guys, just got back.
I'm freaking exhausted.
It went well.
I gave away all 300 art cards that I'd painted.
Well, I'm super sad I didn't go to get one of those cards, but you know, new job and
everything.
And Angel says, I'm not in it for the money either.
If it happens, sure, but I'm there to enjoy doing what I do.
But you know what's awesome, Angel, is like what you just said, you gave away art.
You gave away, you didn't just give away art, you gave away 300 pieces of art.
And like that is something I don't think you can put a price on.
You know what I mean?
Like that's awesome.
So congrats and kudos.
That's amazing.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat talking about the money thing saying, I'm part of the local
Twitch streamer meetup group.
I am one of the few people who don't have aspirations of being a full time Twitch streamer.
And they think I'm crazy.
So anyway, now you're going to laugh because I'm going to say that.
And then at the same token, I'm going to say, but if you want to subscribe here to VOG
Network on Twitch, you can.
Doing so gives you access to the archives and so forth.
And we love the bits and all that stuff.
But it's one of those things where we don't expect it.
We've been doing this show for how many years, 17 plus?
Now you can see us.
Do we look like we're rolling in cash?
No, but we will be using money to buy nominal upgrades and kind of keep our website running
and things like that.
So it's good.
Is this just a facade?
It's really in our mansion that you just don't see.
It's my fucking mansion.
Here's the thing.
I will put it this way.
In the interest transparency, I will say this.
I was paying out of pocket to run VOG before.
And Bobby was too.
It's not just poor me.
Bobby was too.
We've all put in money here or there or whatever.
But now the nice thing is I'm not paying out of pocket to keep a radio feed running anymore
to deliver this show.
We're able to do that and so forth.
Some of the fees for running a business, and you'd be surprised, it costs money to have
an official business.
Some of that money was being fronted by folks, and now your stuff has gone to that a little
bit, which is really nice.
So you know, it all goes to that.
Looking in chat, Sia Tabiri in chat says, you guys don't look like you're rolling pennies
though.
Well, it's something we should start doing.
It's because they're all on my nightstand, just like pouring over.
One bit at a time.
Act Def says, I really need to get back to streaming Pokemon Go.
The Twitch Pokemon Go community needs more representatives.
Yeah, if you think there's a game that isn't being streamed enough on Twitch, by golly
do it.
This is a True Facts.
I was streaming Dragon Quest earlier this week, not Dragon Quest 11, but the original
Dragon Quest.
Because you might remember on last week's show, we talked about the HD remakes are coming
out same day, right?
Right.
So I jumped on that original Dragon Quest game, which of course was Dragon Warrior on
the NES here in the US, but we know that was a regional thing.
So I was streaming that and I was using the Dragon Warrior tag because there was no Dragon
Quest one.
So he's Dragon Warrior.
And somebody brand new found my stream and was like, hey, what do you think of the remake?
I was asking me questions about it and he was like, I can't believe only two people
are streaming this right now.
I follow this tag because I love this game.
He's like, I play this game once a month.
And I'm like, are you speed runner or something?
He's like, no, I just enjoy it.
And I'm like, you know what?
You never know who out there is going to appreciate that thing.
Who would have thought?
There's like a Dragon Warrior one hardcore stand out.
There's more than one, I'm sure that really appreciates that stuff.
I would have never known if I hadn't just said, oh, I want to play this cause the HD
remake.
And I remember this as a kid.
Maybe it's really cool.
Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Um, let's see.
Was there anything else I wanted to talk about for TwitchCon?
Did I miss anything, uh, on the TwitchCon front?
I guess we talked about some of the redesign things and the ad stuff and some of the, it's
going to be like easier to stream.
They're going to let you subscribe via mobile, which I guess is kind of cool.
So you can do that.
Um, and, uh, some changes coming to like moderator views if you do that and then yeah, the channel
points.
So kind of neat.
I was a little bit disappointed though, that they did not give any follow up on the like
multi stream or being able to stream with other people, kind of like what Mixer does
natively and, um, on Twitch, I think partners can do it, but I was hoping they would roll
that out of the affiliate level and there wasn't anything like that at TwitchCon.
So I was a little sad about that, but obviously it's like one of those, this is my wishlist,
my pie in the sky thing.
And you know, okay, we didn't get that this time, maybe in the future, who knows?
So anyway, um, and Bobby's pointing out how the removal of some tags has really hurt some
people saying there used to be a virtual reality tag and that brought me viewers, but they
killed it.
The VR streaming community is actually abandoning Twitch over it.
That's been like, I'm trying to remember, like when I was doing streaming for like my
live development stuff during that game jam, I had these science and technology cause there's
nothing for like coding or game dev or something like that, which is weird.
Now rum, jump, stomp and chat with a fair counterpoint says you can do that.
The multi streaming thing with a site called multi Twitch, I recognize that and I respect
that.
However, here's the problem.
When it's not natively built into Twitch, this means that you have to go to this multi
Twitch thing to be able to view it the way you want to see it, which you can only do
from like a computer, right?
But part of what makes Twitch really awesome and part of why I love broadcasting on it
is that you can get Twitch on your PC, your Mac, your PlayStation, your Xbox, your mobile,
and so on.
You just can't get it on the Switch yet, but you know what I mean?
So you can't do like multi Twitch on mobile, you can't do on PS4.
So whereas it's like, okay, that's a good band-aid.
It's not really giving that full functionality that I'd like to see if that makes sense.
So anyway, yeah, everyone jumps, Tom says it isn't as good as native.
I agree.
Yeah.
So we agree on that part.
So anyway, so that's a little bit about TwitchCon.
I hope those of you that went and had a great time and I really look forward to being able
to go next year.
Although I feel like I'm going to be the oldest one there.
If I go, Angel, did you see, did you see, are there, are there people on Medicare?
Because they're 65 and older and they're streaming.
Do you see, was Wilford Brimley at TwitchCon or am I going to be the oldest one there if
I go?
Is that grandma Skyrim one that she's streaming Twitch?
If I go with you, I'll be older than you.
Yes.
So whatever.
That's you know, one thing I really, really like about DragonCon is that there really
is an age spread.
I mean, yeah, I see a lot of people in their twenties and thirties, but there's quite a
damn lot of people that go to DragonCon that are in their forties and fifties.
And honestly, I think even older than that.
So that's another, you know, obviously I'm a huge DragonCon fan at this point, but that
is one real reason I really love that con because you just, you get the spread of everything
there.
So anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
Enough about TwitchCon.
Let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have
been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, you've been gone for a couple of weeks.
How was your gaming week?
What'd you do?
I have been playing a lot of patterned on Apple Arcade.
I really, really have been enjoying what I got on Apple Arcade, except there's this one
game that I thought I was going to like.
And so far the beginning of it is just like ridiculously boring.
It's the one that Square Enix did.
Hold on.
I'll get the name of it.
Various Day Life.
Yeah.
I'm kind of bored with it already.
But I've been playing patterned and I sort of pinball wizard, which the physics in it
are unique.
I don't really care for it that much.
Is the Apple Arcade thing free if you get a new phone or am I mixing it up with Apple
TV?
Or Apple TV Plus?
Apple TV Plus for a year.
Okay.
I'm mixing it up.
Never mind.
Apple Arcade has a one month free trial and after that it's $4.99 a month.
But if you've got family sharing, your entire family uses the one sub.
Yeah.
I was going to say, because we talked a little bit about Apple Arcade, I think last week
when you weren't here.
But I was like the $5, that's lower than I was expecting.
I would have thought $10.
So interesting.
I really enjoyed Tint and I played a little bit of Sayonara Wild Hearts.
I had a whole thing on that game last week.
I love that game.
It's really pretty.
I downloaded Shinsekai and I really am looking forward to playing that.
I got Cat Quest 2 and I'm probably, I got Shantae, but now that we've updated my Apple
TV, I'm probably going to be playing it on Apple TV.
So if I can get everything set up, I might actually be streaming from my Apple TV.
Why not?
For Apple Arcade stuff.
And then I got Oceanhorn 2, but I've got so many things on my plate.
I also went through Detroit Become Human so I could watch The Good Story.
Holy shit.
How come I never touched that game before or never watched anything about it?
That game is fucking amazing.
It took me like two years to find Mass Effect.
No longer than that.
I didn't find Mass Effect until the third game was just about to come out.
And then even after I was like, Jamie, play Mass Effect, Jamie, play Mass Effect.
And then finally after nine months, you were like, okay, I'll play Mass Effect, ooh, Garris.
Oh, look who has a Tumblr with over 10,000 followers about Mass Effect.
You're welcome.
That I haven't looked at in six months.
I finally let it die.
How interesting observation though, because before we talk about Detroit Become Human,
which I know a lot of people really love that game and people that like don't even play
a lot of games, like when I was doing my little survivor game and meeting people, like there
were people like, I don't play a lot of video games, but I love Detroit Become Human.
Like if you have PlayStation 4, you have to play that.
I was like, that's kind of a random one, but sometimes these story driven games are really big.
Oh, it's free now.
So, or it was free.
I think I did grab it during PlayStation Plus.
That's good.
But I want to kind of just, just like an observation, we've been doing this segment, the How Was
Your Gaming Week, a very long time.
And I can't remember the last time you talked about this many games in your gaming week.
Except for the cons.
Okay.
Well, it's just because like...
I'm saying it's a good thing because I'm kind of like, is this because of a subscription
service like Apple Arcade?
Is this like, now that you're at the buffet and you get to try everything, you're just
like...
It's easier for me to do things on my phone until Animal Crossing comes out and I take
the Switch with me.
It's just, there really hasn't been a lot that's like sparked my interest that much.
I mean, I'm looking at shit like, okay, okay, okay, you want to give me something that is
actually going to be interesting and fascinating for my kind of brain.
And the thing I liked about Detroit is the whole psychological aspect to it.
I will admit, I don't think I can do any of the bad playthroughs because they would just
make me sob.
They really would make me sob.
I would play it the same way every time.
But it was just such a really, really good story and I think that I need more narrative
games like that to really keep me into it.
I also went back and watched the Kara demo because I had watched that before and I thought
that was really interesting.
And I had interest in that game when they announced it and then I was just sort of like
very blase about my gaming.
We did also get Link's Awakening, which Dan has now beat twice, regular mode and hero
mode.
And it's cool, it's pretty, I love the music in it.
What do you think about it compared to the Game Boy version?
It doesn't feel like an old game.
It feels like a brand new game.
I lost interest in the Game Boy version really early on, I'll be honest, when it was new.
I didn't enjoy playing it that much.
But I really enjoy this one.
The music is great.
It's got the quirkiness and it's made me go back in and do comparisons on things.
And even though Totaka didn't work on this game, all of the easter eggs for Totaka's
theme from the Japanese version are even in the US one.
So if you put in your name as Totakeke, you get the, in fact I put a little video up on
it I think on my Instagram, but you get a jazzy version of it.
If you put your name in a Zelda you get like a really jazzy version of the old Legend of
Zelda theme.
Then if you go into the Prince's place, he was from a game called The Frog for Whom the
Bell Tolls, rough translation of it.
But if you go into the Prince's house and he's got all the frogs everywhere, if you
just hang around there for a little while after all and play Totaka's theme.
I noticed that the mayor from Sim City was in the game.
I was like, which, or Dr. Wright.
Dr. Wright.
Dr. Wright, yeah.
Dr. Wright, yeah.
But who kind of looks like Will Wright actually.
But a little bit.
Will Wright obviously doesn't have green hair.
But I was like, wow, it's weird that they put him in that game.
Kirby.
Cool.
Kirby's still there.
Oh really?
Shy guys are still there.
Yeah.
You got the Chain Chomps in there.
The thing that's cool is that they have, like in the crane game you get I think other types
of figures for Mario enemies.
And you can place them in people's houses.
They have like little pots and stands for them.
And that was really cool.
And Dan was doing just the fishing game and got a blooper.
I think I put a picture of that up on my Instagram too.
It's almost like Link's Awakening is almost in some ways like a Zelda parody game.
Did you ever watch The Gaming Historian about that one?
No.
It's really worth a watch because basically they started off making the game just to see
if it would be possible to make a Legend of Zelda game on the Game Boy.
It was sort of a what if.
And this was like their after hours personal project.
And then it actually got the right attention.
They pitched it as a game.
And basically their whole thing was, well, it's on Game Boy.
No one's going to care.
Let's put what we want in it.
That was like literally it.
And so like that's why you've got like Kirby's enemies and you have like really weird puzzles.
Like I love the chess puzzles.
It's basically if you pick up a knight piece, you have to throw it the way a knight moves
on a chess board.
And the puzzles in that one are really creative.
You know, just really, really clever.
And I like the really cutesy art style.
And the other thing that's pretty neat about it too, you know, and I'm not going to spoil
it if no one ever knows how that game is supposed to end.
And if you do, then whatever.
It's a, you know, old game.
I don't care.
I'm not still going to spoil it.
But the art styles, it kind of does to me this, like with the intro video and then the
ending video, it almost has a kind of Wizard of Oz vibe to me in the changes in the art
style.
I'll leave it at that.
It's like you've transitioned from one aspect of the story to the other and back.
So I really enjoyed it.
Toad's in the game, of course, but he doesn't.
Not Toad, Wart.
He doesn't get by Wart.
And the singing is absolutely terrible.
I love it.
It was very well done.
I was very happy with it.
And I loved going around finding the Easter eggs.
And then I cried about the ghost.
It was just sad.
And I like when you can throw the monkeys out of the trees because they're assholes.
So you played this game very thoroughly in the past couple of weeks.
Dan mostly did, because he wanted to go through hero mode.
So but sometimes you need your wife there saying, you need to look at the map.
Backseat driving, basically.
We're turning this link around.
So and I mean, I've been doing my usual Animal Crossing.
I finally got my levels high enough in idle pouring to rebirth.
And now I can't beat fucking Osiris to do the rebirth.
So like, whatever.
So I have to keep leveling so I can rebirth.
So I'm actually getting really tired of playing that game, and I'm probably not going to renew
my sub after it expires.
I'm just getting really tired of it.
I've been doing Pokemon and Harry Potter and oh, but patterned to me is one of the
best games on Apple TV, not Apple TV, but Apple Arcade.
It is absolutely.
What are you doing this game?
It's a puzzle game?
It's a puzzle game, but it's kind of unique.
It's a tiled, you know, like wallpaper, like a tiled picture where it's seamless, right?
But when you get the picture, it sketches, and you have different cut out pieces that
match the different parts of the sketch.
And as you move that piece in, it fills in color and it gets more and more opaque, the
more and more pieces that you bring in until you finish the whole piece.
And I actually put video up somewhere.
I will see if I can find that video.
I'll put it up on my Instagram and link it in chat.
So just like, you know, an example of moving a piece and so you can see what it looks like.
So I'll put that up in just a few minutes.
But yeah, that's been that's kind of like for me, my shining star, that and Tint, which
is another puzzle game where you start off with your primary colors, but you have to
mix them through one other color and get to your gold that matches this little flower
that's going to bloom and take on the next piece of the puzzle.
So it's using primary colors to create secondary colors, but sometimes you have to avoid another
color because if you cross a second color, it'll turn that mud gray color when you've
oversaturated.
So it's it's a pretty neat little game.
So those two are like probably my shining stars for Apple Arcade right now.
OK, great.
All right.
Well, you had a very busy past couple weeks.
Mine was not mine was not nearly as busy.
I'm drinking out of underwear, OK?
Oh, I grabbed a cup and I was like, oh, this is a niche.
It's underwear.
You can show it on the Twitch stream for our folks that are watching there.
I don't remember where that came from.
I think it was like a joke gift that that Alan got or something.
I don't remember.
It says Pansu.
Yeah.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, I did also play Legend of Zelda Link's Awakening, not because I was like actually
playing is because my son won my my youngest son's been playing it and I've been helping
him with the parts that he can't do, which means I've played through like the dungeons
basically.
It's fun.
I'm noticing a lot of slowdown, though, as everyone's kind of pointed out.
But it's a decent game.
So it'd be fun to actually go back and play it on my own at some point.
The game, though, I did play on my own was Untitled Goose Game.
So I did finish that and then got the second set of challenges.
And I'm like halfway through those.
But there's some that I get the speed run, which I'm like, what do you think?
Because I feel like everybody has gotten around to playing this game except for me.
Like Bobby did it by Bobby did a live stream this week.
And Shane has been telling me I need to play this game, but I just I just didn't get around
to it.
I've had a lot of other stuff going on.
It's really fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why?
Why?
Because you're a complete asshole to everybody.
And then once you get done with the game, you find out that the whole objective of the
game is just being a complete asshole.
And that's that's just like the best part of that.
Apparently, it is still 15 bucks.
And this may be the reason I make an epic account.
Well, it's also on sale on on the switch, which I can play on my Mac.
But yeah, so it's fun to be an asshole to everybody in the town.
It's great that on the back of the box and it's great to be an asshole.
It's great because like you just like like the way the goose looks at people and stuff
and the way people like look frustrated at it and you're just like.
What the fuck you want, you know, honk exactly like what the fuck you want.
So basically, can we just download a new skin for the goose that is just Mr. Smoosh?
Because I feel like there's lots of other asshole animals that would work very well
in this game.
Yes.
It's an excellent game.
So I have a lot of fun.
It is a very long game, but it's fun because you can kind of do whatever you want in there,
especially when you get later on into the game and you have some of those new challenges
that open up once you finish the game that require you to use stuff that's kind of not
specific to a certain level.
You see it to kind of move around the whole map and it kind of changes things up.
Plus the last mission of it, it's like you'd be very stealthy because you have a, you know,
some spoil.
Yeah.
You're making lots of noise and everybody's out to look for you now.
So it's, it's kind of like a little Metal Gear Solid action going on there, but, um,
I had, I had quite a bit of fun playing the game, so I hope that there's more at some
point and, um, I really hope that, uh, I actually get around to finishing it.
I don't know what the very, very last objective is, but I know the speed running ones are
gonna be hard.
All right.
That's it.
That's it.
All right.
My gaming week.
Not as exciting as everyone else's.
I didn't really get around to doing new stuff cause I was still playing the good old, uh,
mobile games like Pokemon Go and Ingress.
There's going to be a very interesting week in Ingress because Scanner redacted the old
version of the app.
The one that many people are still clinging to after all this time, uh, closes tomorrow
and they, they say they really are pulling the plug on redacted tomorrow.
So you're going to have to use Ingress primes.
It's going to be very interesting to see because a lot of people are threatening to quit with
that.
So I don't, we'll see what happens if people really do quit or they just need to scratch
the itch of taking over their neighborhood park or what.
So I'll be very curious to see where that game is in about a week, especially with a
big event coming up right here in Sacramento on the 12th.
So that will only be playable in the new scanner, which is interesting.
Hmm.
Uh, so there's that.
Uh, otherwise I've been continuing on in classic wow.
Uh, believe it.
I'm still playing classic world of Warcraft.
My priest is up to level 20 or yeah, 21.
I did a dead minds run on Saturday.
Now here's the thing, like now if you play retail wow and you do the dead minds, you'll
get through it.
And like 15 minutes, like you just, you pull your face, pull everything.
It's super easy.
Right?
Oh my God.
Classic.
Wow.
Is a humble reminder of really how much the game has changed, especially when it comes
to like quality of life, things like having a fucking map to get you through the dungeon
or not having to wait for the priest to drink after every single fight because she's out
of manna, which was happening to me all the time.
It took us, I shit you not two hours to get through dead minds, but I remember back in
the, I remember running that.
Dead minds is the very first instance, like group thing you do in world of Warcraft.
And I remember years ago, back in the day, that's how long it took.
Like that was your evening.
That was your D and D campaign for the night.
We're going to go to the dead minds.
Who needs to raid?
I know.
Right.
So that was.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
Um, so, uh, yeah, uh, that was a nice little humble taste of what things used to be like
and well, but it's interesting because I was doing that.
And then I was like, maybe I should go back and play a little retail.
Wow.
But I still really love my other MMO final fantasy 14.
And I'm up to level, I don't know, like 75 or something like that.
So yeah.
I'm almost max level on two different job classes.
So that's really fun.
Yeah.
Otherwise that's, I haven't, Oh, I've been playing a little bit of Diablo three on switch.
Very random.
But do you know, I've never played a necromancer in Diablo three and I finally did on the switch
version because I never bought that PC upgrade.
I said I wasn't going to, because I didn't want them putting out a half-assed expansion
and I never did.
But then of course I like quadruple dipped on Diablo three.
So w wait for me to show him a lesson, huh?
So I've, I picked that up and, uh, uh, on switch, I had bought it a while ago, but I
was picking it up and playing it again.
I was like, I should do a necromancer for this season.
So it's like the first time I'm finally playing that class and a exploding corpses is fun.
That's what necromancers do.
Explode corpses.
All right.
Yay.
Yay.
So that's, that's pretty much my gaming week.
So we'll move on and get into some gaming news.
Some housekeeping.
Uh, I don't think we're going to be here pretty much every week, but we will not have a show
live.
I, I have to talk to my lovely co-hosts about taping something during the week in advance,
but we will not have a show live the week of October 20th.
And we won't have one live the week of November.
I think it's night.
Uh, those dates may not be exact, uh, reason why I had a work thing come up at the end
of October.
So I'm not going to be here.
Uh, and, uh, November is my trip to New York.
I'm going to go see Broadway plays.
So on when OLR would usually be on, I'm going to go see Moulin Rouge.
I'm really excited about it.
So anyway, uh, yeah, so we'll do some, uh, tapes in it because that worked really well
last time when we did our show, like earlier in the week and then we, um, just premiered
it on Sunday.
Something like that again for you guys, but then episode 800 is like when we're back.
So the next live shot really close to 20 November actually will be episode 800.
So that'll be fun.
So, all right, let's get into some gaming news for this week.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
So there was the whole PlayStation state of play event that they did online.
So you could definitely watch that.
Um, that is pretty much the last of us part two show because they had a, you know, basically
a big rundown talking about the last of us part two, which is going to be coming out
February 21st, 2020, um, along with that, some other stuff that is going to be coming
civilization six and, um, yeah, I love six, six, six.
So that's coming to the PlayStation four in November 22nd.
I guess I didn't realize it wasn't on play cause it came out on switch and I was like,
that's weird.
They're doing a console release of six, six, six, six was on switch and it was kind of
a big deal when it happened.
Cause I was like, they're putting six, six on consoles, but, uh, well they put it on
the iPad too, to be fair.
So I guess consoles make sense.
Um, so yeah, it's, it's on a switch and now PS4 and I was like, Oh yeah, I guess it would
make sense that if you put it on switch, you probably would just, you know, make it for
PlayStation four.
Where's the Xbox one version?
Cause that seems very likely that's going to happen too.
Who knows?
Coming to the pipeline, I guess, um, they release a demo for the remake of MediEvil.
So you can check that out now and if you play it, which Jason said he was going to
do in the intro.
Yes.
You can get a game for the, or a special item for the full game.
If you actually finish that with, um, before the game comes out next month, um, Death Stranding,
they announced a pro bundle that's coming out November 8th that has like a hand print
design on it that looks like I could have just taken my hand and put it in paint and
just went, I don't know why you've waiting this long to get a PlayStation four if this
game is of interest to you, but shoot yourself.
Maybe it's a collectible.
I don't know.
Sure.
Uh, they had this game called humanity, uh, which I heard people comparing it to intelligent
cube, but I didn't really see that other than, you know, kind of, it's weird though.
It's a weird looking game where they basically have like crowds of people that you have to
kind of shuffle through to certain areas and they could fight each other.
And I don't know, it's really weird, but I like those weird puzzle games.
So that's coming out in 2020, uh, there's a game called the rise, a simple story, which
is an adventure game, um, coming soon, LA noir.
The VR case files are coming out for PlayStation VR, which I'm surprised that hasn't come out
before.
Um, and then they also showed off some other stuff, uh, coming out to PlayStation VR, including
space channel five, kind of funky, uh, newsflash.
Can't wait.
Yep.
And after the fall and aspire one, and then let's see what else, uh, the PlayStation plus
lineup for October is going to be MLB, the show 19 and the last of us remastered to get
you all ready for last of us too.
Well, yeah.
Um, and then finally there was one Tom, which is a new game from the creators of Katamari
Damacy and he's unretired for not making playground anymore.
I have no fucking clue what you do in this game.
I watched the trailer.
I'm like, I don't know what you do in this game.
I looked like more like a nobody, nobody boy than Katamari.
Um, I did see flying golden poops and someone vomited the rainbows, so it already looks
like a game I'm going to check out.
Yeah, this is something I'm into.
I know dark soccer is going to play this, has to play because the Katamari Damacy, nobody,
nobody boy.
Those like two of your favorite games.
Well, nobody, nobody boy on iOS was, I didn't play it too much on the console.
Same, same.
It just looks weird.
And I dig that.
A comment on a what I'm in our chat room.
Uh, Dr Tuya says over at twitch TV slash vog network, though that what I'm game sounds
all about as crazy as Katamari in those games.
Nobody nobody boy.
And I think there was another one.
Um, I don't remember if there was another, there may have been, there were several Katamari
games.
Mobile game.
Nobody, nobody boy was the mobile game at first.
I thought there was another mobile.
There might've been, I forget a lot of people also think that a donut game is them.
No, that's totally different.
Yeah.
It's similar to Katamari, but except it's very linear.
So it's, it's not, I wouldn't say it's the same feel as Katamari cause there's no time
limits or anything like that.
Um, but I don't know, I was trying to see if there was another game that I'm missing
here.
Glitch was a game that he worked on in 2011 and then he had a tenure or tenure Wanya teens
and alphabet.
He was a designer on what is glitch.
Um, a comment quickly on the civ six issue from a metal mayhem in our chat over at twitch
TV slash vog network, metal mayhem says, may as well put civ six on consoles.
After all, not everyone is a PC gamer.
True.
And the civ games are great and should get out to as many people as possible.
So why not?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, if that's it for the, uh, what'd you think overall of PlayStation's a state of
play update?
I thought it was okay.
Yeah.
Apparently the creator of, uh, Katamari he's, um, he moved to San Francisco.
Yeah.
I heard that too.
Living there.
Yeah.
He lives in San Francisco.
Cool.
He has an open invite to come on the show.
Anytime.
We're only a two hour drive away.
Keita Takahashi.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
Uh, let's move on.
This is going to be seemed like really random as a follow up to a PlayStation state of play,
but this is like one of those, like, what the hell, what, what kind of romper room fuckery
is this going on in the gaming industry up in here on this day?
Okay.
So this has to do with the classic eighties gaming icon, Ms. Pac-Man, not to be confused
with Pac-Man specifically this drama centers around Ms. Pac-Man.
Now there's a nice little summary on what's going on here from Twitter users, Sarah S
sour tea, and I'm reading some of the summary there directly from her Twitter, where it
says, um, uh, in summary at games wanted Ms. Pac-Man.
So at games, at games, make some of those like flashback type content.
Didn't they do the old Genesis things too?
Maybe I think so.
So they, they, they do retro hardware type stuff.
Like that's like their bread and butter.
Okay.
At games wanted Ms. Pac-Man.
Didn't get it because it's complicated.
Went to make a deal with GCC who owns the rights to Ms. Pac-Man and claim they 100%
have those rights to distributors.
And maybe they do.
Maybe they don't.
An exciting story.
Yeah.
At games actually put out a press release through PR news wires.
So this was on September 26 where at game, it says at games cloud holdings, a leader
in interactive entertainment announced that it has acquired all the rights of general
computer corporation, GCC with respect to Ms. Pac-Man's under agreement between GCC
and Bandai Namco.
So here's, I guess what it sounds like is that at games wanted to go to Bandai Namco
to do it.
And they were like, no.
So they went to this GCC general computer corporation who in the text here in their,
in their own press release, Mac game says GCC developed in 1981, certain source code
characters, music, gameplay, and cartoons expressed in various media, including, but
not limited to read only memory ROM used in running Ms. Pac-Man and pack baby sold as
junior Pac-Man games in 1983, GCC entered into an agreement with the predecessor of
Bandai Namco with regard to Ms. Pac-Man, which was later amended in 2008 in an agreement
with Bandai Namco and the former shareholders of GCC who become the successors in interest
to GCC after its dissolution.
If it sounds messy, it's because it is.
So this is essentially says Bandai Namco said, no, they went to the company who helped make
the ROMs of the original game and did like coding and they got it from them.
And because, Oh, they have the license because what does at games do?
They do these retro game devices, right?
So if they get the rights through these retro coding, you know, the code and the actual
like physical, and I guess, you know, the intellectual code and stuff.
Now they're saying they own the rights, but hold on here.
The CEO of at games, I'm sorry if I mispronounced this name, Dr. Ping Kang Seung.
I hope I said that right.
I'm sorry if I didn't says as part of our ongoing initiative to be caretakers of important
cultural touchstones, we are privileged to gain these valuable rights pertaining to the
iconic Ms. Pac-Man arcade game.
Now you want to see, you want to hear how things get even messier.
From gamesindustry.biz on the 25th of September, plug and play game maker at games is facing
another partner in court.
In addition to a trademark infringement from Bandai Namco over Ms. Pac-Man, the company
is embroiled in a lawsuit from Walgreens, the U S pharmacy chains, Walgreens, Walgreens
filed suit against at games for breach of contract in August, saying it had a deal with
the game company that provided products on a guaranteed sale basis, meaning at games
would take any unsold units back and refund the chain, whatever it paid them.
In addition for an additional fee and shipping costs, Walgreens said it returned more than
66,500 units for which it had paid between $15 and $38.
But at games refused to make payment.
As a result, Walgreens, Walgreens claimed it owed nearly 1.62 million from the company.
Again, that story from gamesindustry.biz, if you want to see some of the quotes.
Is this going to end up where Walgreens owns Ms. Pac-Man at some point?
Is this where we're in?
Is this where it's going?
I don't know, but this is weird.
It's certainly like, it seems I am inferring.
I'm not saying this as fact, but in my opinion, and my opinion does not represent those of
VOG Network or my co-hosts.
It sounds like this at games company is a little bit shady.
It just, I'm getting that impression from the fact that they are, mommy said no, so
we're going to go ask daddy and this whole, they're not paying Walgreens for this.
They made some weird deal with Walgreens.
I don't know guys.
It's allegedly sounds crazy.
Dark Titsy in chat says, yeah, this whole thing is nuts.
Snuck in futs.
Exactly.
Which is a good beer by the way.
Yeah.
And by the way, there's another Twitter thread from user Sean Musgrave, who's talking about
the real ass drama going on with at games and the way Sean puts it on Twitter.
They've been pestering Namco for ages for the Ms. Pac-Man license and Namco's turned
them down because of the complicated royalty structures and ownership of that game.
That's interesting to point out too, is that a character like Ms. Pac-Man, it isn't so
cut and dry.
We're like Namco Bando owns this because it does get complicated.
Doesn't it?
Because didn't like Midway or something published that in the U S at one point, like it, it
gets weird when it comes to Ms. Pac-Man because in the eighties video games were just kind
of like done differently.
I don't know how else to explain it.
And so all the deals that were in place were sometimes very straight.
Let's just say what it was.
The games industry was on a lot of cocaine in the 1980s.
And I mean a fucking lot of cocaine.
Okay.
If you watch any documentary about how your favorite Atari Atari games in the 1980s were
made, cocaine was probably involved.
Winners don't use drugs.
Remember that.
However, remember the video game industry crashed under the weight of all that cocaine.
So right.
Am I wrong?
Did I tell any lies?
No, I did not.
So a lot of these, a lot of these deals, cocaine infused deals are really, really strange.
And that's how 5,000 people claim ownership to Ms. Pac-Man anyway, Namco is in discussions
with GCC who developed Ms. Pac-Man trying to buy them out.
So they'd be the full owners of Ms. Pac-Man full stop, but at games went around Namco's
back and was directly negotiated with GCC.
Namco confronted at games about this and they deny it.
Namco is unable to verify if at games has or hasn't bought the rights from GCC.
That was two days before the at games press release when that tweet was written.
So I think we know if at games is saying there now.
So this is, but here's the thing, and this is why I bring this up.
Like sure, it's drama and it's LOL.
This is crazy.
And what the fuck?
But here's the reality, boys and girls.
How are we going to see Ms. Pac-Man in a retro collection ever again?
Because of these damn rights issues.
And I'll point out, I know I was talking about that Mortal Kombat machine an awful lot last
week, the little mini game, which is at games that do these.
This is not at games that do these, basic fun.
So it's a completely different company that does these.
But I didn't show off this one because I kind of whatevered it last week.
But there's also a regular Pac-Man machine, right?
There's a regular Pac-Man machine that they put out as well with this full color screen,
fancy, fancy, all this stuff that they have, right?
Is that the company?
No.
But Ms. Pac-Man is there too.
I even forgot they did this one, but I don't think this one is as good.
And I think, oh, these guys, I'm trying to see if they have a relationship.
Yes.
Ms. Pac-Man Bandai Namco Entertainment, Inc.
So they got the agreements for that one.
But it's interesting that that company could do it.
And it was easy.
But at games is having such crazy difficulty with it.
It's weird.
Anyway, looking in chat, Tiger Class says, what about that arcade one up TMNT arcade
cabinet?
You must have jumped through many hoops to be able to put that out.
Yeah, well, I mean, the Ninja Turtles arcade game, when it came out on Xbox 360, that was
a pleasant surprise because the rights were very complicated.
Rights have a way of working themselves out.
And also, also the Avengers and Capcom, or didn't they have like the whole like Avengers
cabinet and Marvel versus Capcom?
It was X-Men Street Fighter, was it?
I don't remember what they had, but they had one.
They had like a bunch of those in there, like Marvel stuff.
So obviously, I imagine the rights were complicated for that, too.
The point is rights issues will screw up all of the games that you loved in the past because
contracts were signed under the influence of drugs.
All right.
That's my point.
That means that they technically shouldn't be binding because anything signed under influence
can be considered a non-binding contract.
OK.
Guess where I can have a rights free utopia out there.
It's called the Internet.
Thank you.
Piracy.
I may also be...
That's what art thieves can do.
Kiss my ass.
I may also be slightly exaggerating a thing or two about the 1980s game industry.
Just a little bit.
Let's move on.
Speaking, speaking of things from the past, blast from the past, right, Dark Sakura?
Yeah.
You know me and prototypes and retro shit.
So the Nintendo 64, of course, had quite the unique controller, right?
Still to this day, like, it hurts if you fall on it just the right way where the bottom
part pokes into your ribs and then the cat looks at you while you're rolling around in
pain.
Sorry, that was a very recent experience.
So anyway, when this was still known, when the Nintendo 64 was still known as the Ultra
64, there were, of course, prototype controllers that were going around.
The controller didn't have like a name.
It was just a controller.
And so a video game preservationist called Shane Batty actually found a prototype controller
and shared pictures of it on a Twitter thread.
Which I actually prepared that for our Twitch folks tonight.
Look at you.
Look at me up in my game.
Gold star.
Gold star, Rob.
But as you can see in it, the prototype and the final one, a little bit bigger, you know,
a little bit different.
That thumb pad, you see how much bigger that is on there?
Oh yeah.
You know, and people were saying actually that it's a lot more comfortable to use.
And don't know why they opted out of it, but you know, there's actually a picture of that
thumb pad removed from it.
Don't think I captured that.
Hold on.
Um, because I will copy the image and paste it in chat.
But for our Twitch or for our podcast people, that's not going to help, sadly.
Yeah.
But, um, but at any rate, um, uh, the, uh, it's just got like a different, hold on it.
When you look at the two side by side, it actually looks to me like the controller is
a little bit narrower, but it seems to me that it's a little bit more comfortable.
It did keep a lot of the button design, you know, as far as the layout for the buttons,
but I think that the, normally the green and blue button, which are massive, were a little
bit smaller in this prototype and all like sort of flat.
They seemed like the six buttons are more in line where the, um, the controller that
we got has those three, sorry, the four yellow buttons and sort of a diamond.
They don't quite line up the, these line up more like a six button control.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It looks like a six button configuration in this.
I mean, honestly, I think it's really comfortable.
I would love for this dude to like market that design or whoever now can market that
design so that, you know, we would be able to, um, uh, that we would be able to use something
like that for our, our old machines.
It's weird that it's taken this long for a prototype like that to unveil itself.
You know, it's been years, right?
If you want to look in the chat right now, Rob, there's a picture I, um, I put posted
in there.
That's the thumb pad pulled out.
And I think that, um, I linked it in there for everyone to see, but it's just interesting
how just, just a small little unit on here, but it, it has like a deeper recess as well
instead of the more, uh, what's the word I'm thinking of, uh, convex shape.
It's a little bit more concave.
So do you think this was the better controller?
Would you like to be able to play your N64 games with this controller or?
I'd much rather.
Maybe maybe a third party will be controlled.
Probably not.
Cause this console is how old at this point, I guess it's a, it's definitely an artifact
of many, many years ago.
No, no, just because that may be the case, you know, all it takes for them to do is release
a N64 classic edition and there'll be a market for those controllers again.
Hmm.
Fair point.
You're right.
Nintendo might get on the classic bandwagon, uh, once again at some point.
So yeah, shenanigans will ensue.
Well, let's move on to a more classic things that Nintendo should get on the bandwagon
for.
Right?
Uh, yeah.
They're going to get on the bandwagon for cease and desist.
No.
Um, so this is actually kind of cool.
So this is a fan project being done by this animator, um, Jesus Lopez, who's actually
animated on several different, uh, games that are out there.
The Simpsons tapped out, DuckTales remastered, Shante, Half Genie Hero, Silent Hill.
Um, and so he has this fan project that he's working on that is a, a Super Mario Super
Show Mario game.
And so he's basically animating Mario in a game in the style of the Super Mario Super
Show.
So his first world that he's creating is Pastaland, which is from the first episode of the show.
And it's pretty, it looks so good.
We're showing a little bit.
This is from the developer's YouTube channel.
So he's like kind of filming his computer screen, so you can't even really get the full
realness of how much these colors pop and things, but it looks really good.
And it looks like a lawsuit will be on his desk.
Well, that's not necessarily true because it's really sad because this looks great.
He's been working on this for three years as like a family project.
So his, his son, um, I think his 10 year old son is coding the game.
He's doing the animation.
And then he said his daughter is working on like, uh, some other like animation stuff
or like kind of working with him on the animation stuff.
So, but it's pretty awesome.
Like he's recreated the first level, a level one, one from Super Mario Brothers in just,
that's not really level one.
It's sort of based on its fundamentals.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he's sort of based it on a level one, one and he's got like just all sorts of animations
in there.
The sound effects are from like the actual show.
Even in other videos he has out there, there's like kind of this behind the scenes thing
that was done by a YouTuber swanky box who actually showed off some of the, um, animations
for the enemies.
So like they're from the show and animated really nice.
And he's talking about some of the things that he wants to work on.
He's got other characters like Princess Peach in there already.
And he has a mock-up of what Wario would look like in the art style.
So pretty cool.
So how long before Nintendo shuts it down?
Because it's on all the gaming blogs now.
So I don't know if he's, I don't know if he's necessarily planning on releasing it.
I think it's more of right now, just a project that's kind of for fun.
So I don't know if they would send him a cease and desist yet until he tries to like send
it, release it out on the internet.
Technically they could go after the YouTube.
I know you don't want to hear it, but technically they could go, but yes, I completely understand
if you have a fan game like that, that you're really interested on putting out there and
I get it.
If you spend a lot of time on it, you don't say anything until released, just release
it.
Then you say he's given it to somebody cause you're right.
There was the other YouTube that actually was doing like the game.
And the only reason I didn't use that for the stuff we were talking about talking to
because, well, it's not just the talking.
I mean, I can delete the audio, which is what I did, but then they also pop up all these
other game boxes.
There's a bunch of other bullshit that the YouTuber puts over it besides just the game,
which I get it.
It's his program or whatever, but yeah, so I didn't show that, but you, you know, you
can visit other YouTube.
You can actually see the game in motion.
But my point is it's not just on this guy's computer cause he sent it to this other YouTuber.
Well I know it says at least the graphics, I don't know being distributed privately.
So I don't know if they would do anything until it's like intent on releasing it near
right now.
It's just kind of, you know, fan thing, but it looks awesome.
I would love to see a game like that.
Well, we'll see if we get through tomorrow without the lawyers attacking, we might be
okay.
We might be in the clear.
Yeah.
So stay tuned.
Cause maybe next week we'll have a follow up.
You're going to keep an eye out.
See if this game is still around next week.
Sure.
Why not?
Sounds good.
All right.
Well let's move on and talk about Beat Saber.
Oh, that's a game I need to get back into playing cause, uh, yeah, clearly I was
I was a little skinnier when I was playing a Beat Saber a little bit.
I as well need to play that because, um, I played it once at that, um, Sacramento thing
and I was like, dude, I need to get this.
Well, there might be some more incentive for you to check out Beat Saber.
There is a brand new 360 degree mode coming in December.
So now the notes are coming at you from all directions.
Well that's a good way to get tangled up in the cords.
Right?
I don't know.
I don't know if that would work for me.
I don't know if it was on like the Oculus Go or something like that where it's only
the wireless ones, but like, ah, I don't know.
That sounds like a problem.
Yeah, it might.
Well, I mean, and again, I don't, I don't know how maybe the note charts are going to
be different on PlayStation four and maybe even though they say it's 360 degrees, like
180 or something, it's really only like 180 or something like that.
I don't know because I haven't been able to play one of these stages myself.
How would you be able to watch behind you?
I don't know.
That doesn't sound like it'd be fun.
I'm trying to see if they say it's like only 180 degrees or what have you.
Yeah.
It allows beat maps to send lines of blocks at you from arbitrary directions as the song
plays out.
Oh, so it's not just like spinning around behind you, but the note arrows can come in
from different directions too.
So I think that's what they mean by 360 degrees.
It's not just coming at you from here, but it could be up, left, right.
They could be coming from all sorts of different directions.
Yeah.
I mean, I like the, it's a neat gimmick, but yeah, I know.
I don't know.
All right.
Um, I probably won't actually play that mode just because there, why, why mess with perfection?
The original mode is good.
I know, but you ever, do you ever watch some people play Beat Saber on Twitch or whatever?
Like some people are like crazy good at Beat Saber and like some of the songs they're playing
are just, I don't even know if I would say it's like good at Beat Saber.
It's just like these mods and these custom things are just, they're just fast.
They're like lightning fast and it's, it's weird to watch almost.
But I like, I like the note charts for some of like the original, like Beat Saber stuff
that like the, the crab rave song.
You do like some fun little, like the way you like do the notes is fun.
That's why I don't always like, it's the same thing with DDR.
I don't always like the hell mode steps, so I don't always like all the hell modes.
Modern DDR where everything's hell mode steps almost.
Anyway, uh, also coming to Beat Saber, it doesn't end there.
It's not just the 360 degree mode, but there is a brand new music pack coming out next week.
So previously we had the music pack from Imagine Dragons.
So now we're going to be getting a music pack from Panic at the Disco is going to be the
next music pack that's going to be in the game.
So not techno or even like drum and bass or wow, wow, wow type of stuff.
Like it's kind of different.
It's like rock music that they keep putting in there.
So I don't know.
I'm kind of into it though.
I liked the Imagine Dragons stuff more than I thought I would.
So maybe I'll like the Panic at the Disco stuff a little better as well.
So, um, any, uh, Oh, I was going to say you've, uh, you've got your DDR machine at home.
Have you been playing music games at home lately?
I have not, um, I actually started taking it apart a little bit, uh, last yesterday
because I have, I've been sitting on a lot of parts that converted over to step mania
and also other things.
So I was looking at, uh, cause on this Facebook group that I follow, they have like a lot
of people that talk about doing different conversions for things.
And one of the conversions I was going to do is removing the fluorescent lights that
are in the actual pads themselves and replacing them with LEDs.
And so I have all the LEDs to do that.
Um, I just needed to see because I bought the ones that they recommended, but I guess
I don't know how you exactly plug all that together.
And so I was looking at what came with the LEDs and trying to see how that actually hooks
up to the board.
And I think I might just have to like solder stuff together.
Um, I don't know.
I don't know if it like actually replaces the whole inverter board that's in there and
just, I just plug it straight into that.
Um, so that's why I was trying to determine yesterday I was looking at, I was like, Oh,
and I want to kind of see how dirty these have gotten since I've been playing.
Actually not very dirty.
So that, that's good.
I still haven't cleaned my right side pads though.
I'm afraid to look at what's in there, but, um, but yeah, I have been going through that.
I was starting to try and work on cleaning my garage now that summer's over and we're
getting back into cooler temperatures.
I do want to play more DDR again.
I do want to get the conversion stuff done just, just so I can put the system into, um,
in there.
And like, I know at one point I just like talking about, Oh, I'm gonna make this new,
you know, step me a theme it's going to be awesome.
I just MVP, just put the minimal viable product in there.
Just get a theme on there that's not atrocious and just load it full songs and just play
it.
I just don't really care at this point.
I just want it playable.
I can do that stuff later at some other date, but, um, that's what I wanted to do.
So I'm going to try to get something in there so that I can actually play some different
songs and do all that.
Have you been tempted at all to add to Loki's arcade?
Let's let's assume that wife agro was not an issue.
Have you been tempted to add to Loki's arcade in the garage?
No, not at all because, um, I have to, well, I still have to fix the monitor on my actual
arcade cabinet I have out there cause it's not working right now.
Um, ever since they moved it in the garage, I don't know if something just, I think the
cap, uh, the caps on the board burned out and so I need to have like a TV repairman
come and fix it.
I would love to just replace it with an LCD panel, which would be nice, but no one makes
four by three LCD panels anymore.
So yeah.
Or you'd probably have to get like a real specialized thing online.
Yeah.
I was like, even like the actual like, uh, monitors that go in there are super expensive
and they don't sell them anymore.
Like good luck finding CRT monitors.
So I may just have to do something horrible, drastic, drastic.
Yeah.
I was like, Oh, can I find like an old LCD screen?
Like maybe buy like, can I have someone custom make an LCD panel for that?
Like I don't even know like how you would go about that.
So, um, right now it's sitting broken, but I would love to get that fixed up again.
Um, uh, originally the, the agreement was I would sell that when I got a DDR machine.
Um, but yeah, whatever, so there was an agreement that you were going to sell something before
getting the DDR machine, but you didn't follow through on that.
That's fine.
All right.
And so like, I would like to do that, but like, um, yeah, I just need to, I really want
to get like step man, you put on there cause I think that'd be fun.
Now I have all the lighting stuff now for two and a site like the actual boards that
control the lighting.
Um, I just need to see if it all works together and then figure out how to configure all that.
And I thought about like the main stuff I know, and I actually downloaded like a big
old zip file that someone put together for like doing a hyper spin with maim DDR and
stuff like that.
But I don't know if I'm going to do that.
I just think step mania and we'll just call it a day.
All right.
Well that was quite the tangent, but that's okay.
Cause we haven't had an update on Loki's arcade in a while, but I understand it is summertime
as well.
You've got, uh, you haven't been able to be out there in the garage cause when it's a
hundred degrees, DDR is no fun.
Yes.
It's, it's nicer now, but let's move on to our next story.
Uh, Dar Sakura has a Minecraft related thing for us.
I do.
Um, actually it is not just Minecraft, Minecraft is getting a board game.
Like have you noticed, like, have you gone through the board game section at target and
just looked like all the shenanigans they have there?
Yeah.
It's all like poop and pee jokes.
I feel like a trapper keeper game.
Do you know how many games there are?
It's so gross.
It comes in a mini trapper kids are obsessed and there's like, like, like other like eighties
themed light games.
But I think it's cool that Minecraft is getting a board game.
It's called builders and biomes.
It's a tabletop game that uses different elements.
So you're, you explore your overworld and you build your structures and you mind your
resources on this.
Sounds like a little monopoly ish, but then you have to, uh, create these connection connected
biomes of forests and mountains and Tundra and all this on your player board.
So you've got also got endermen and creepers that show up in there that you have to defeat
with weapons that you collect through the game.
It just looks like it's kind of cool.
Um, where's the part where Loki yells, I'm a creeper kaboom and flips the board over
flip board games over board games are expensive now.
Um, but it's as being a released by Ravens burger, which is an interesting name.
Okay.
They've also done a game called villainous that uses Disney villains and they've done
a Jaws one and the universal monsters game, but this one, it just looks kinda kinda cool.
I don't know.
Maybe we could get folks together and play a little bit of this.
So is it an $80 board games?
You're right.
Board games are expensive.
Let me look at the preorder.
Then again, video games are 60 bucks.
So preorder says 40 bucks.
Okay.
39 99.
That's a fair amount.
There's probably a lot of loose pieces of the game like that.
Yeah.
It looks like a lot of stuff that interconnects.
All right, well moving on with more Minecraft Loki.
Yes.
Um, so there was a lot of stuff that came out of the, uh, Minecraft, um, or mine con
live, which was this Saturday.
So, um, some of the things that they talked about there, one of which is Minecraft earth,
the game I've been looking forward to, um, it is going to be coming out.
That's there.
Like everybody says it's their answer to Pokemon go, but it, it, it, it's just an AR Pokemon
go.
It's just like Minecraft.
Yeah.
Minecraft game.
Yeah.
So it's a Minecraft AR game and that's going to be coming out in the next couple of weeks.
So looking forward to that, um, I've already preregistered in, um, uh, Android for that.
So I will have to check it out.
Um, some other stuff they announced.
So they had a vote on which biomes they're going to add to the game.
So there was a brand new biome that's going to be enhanced mountains.
That's going to have, um, you know, goats and they're going to be adding some more snow
and stuff like that.
And they're going to be really tall.
So that's pretty cool.
Uh, they showed off some more stuff for Minecraft dungeons that looked pretty cool.
They announced that next year is going to be a Minecraft festival from September 25th
to 27th in Orlando, Florida.
And they said it's going to be a three day celebration with all things Minecraft and
what else?
Uh, they talked about an update to the Java version with honey blocks and bees, not the
bees.
So you can get bees.
You can get attacked by bees now in Minecraft, they are neutral mobs, so don't attack them.
They won't attack you.
Okay.
Uh, they talked about some creator tools so you can do different scripting, um, and they
have like the editor stick that you can use to edit things, rotate stuff around, um, make
full crops and stuff like that.
So it sounds a little bit like, um, some of the other tools that they have and like world
edit or whatever, uh, realms plus that allows you to add, they've expanded the realms for
the same price and you still, I guess, get access to 10 player realms and then they have
50 pieces of content from the mark Minecraft marketplace at no extra cost.
They have a character creator and um, bedrock capes.
It's like a windows 10, xbox one, android app that you can create your own characters
and import them into Minecraft.
They did another update, which they have a lot of new biomes.
So soul sand valley, nether wart fortress red, nether wart forest blue, uh, they have
piglin beast, which is a new mob that appears in the nether and they've renamed the zombie
pigmen to zombified piglins and piglins are going to be these, um, kind of like caveman
characters that are pigs, I guess, cave pig characters and they will be hostile and then
new block, which is a target block that if you shoot with an arrow, it powers redstone.
So they're not doing Minecraft too.
They are continuing to make these big upgrades to the original Minecraft, but no 4k graphics.
Uh, well remember they do have the ray tracing, you know, ray tracing so you can get that.
But yeah, you have to have a beefed up computer to do that unless you use mods, right?
All right.
Well, uh, going from a Minecraft to another game that's a couple of years old, but people
are still really into it and that is Overwatch, but Overwatch going to be getting some major
character kind of rebalancing and character shuffling around.
There's no new characters or new stages or things being announced, but there is still
a very large patch that just went to the PTR or public test realm, which is for PC players
of the game because they don't have PTR on the consoles.
But September 24th saw a pretty big PTR patch be delivered.
And one could kind of also see that this is in advance of the switch version coming out.
So it's almost like they're doing some rebalancing before the switch version is out.
They're doing some pretty big juggling with heroes like D.Va where the defense matrix
is going to be changing.
The regeneration rate is increased and the delay before the regeneration begins is lowered.
And many characters are getting changes.
Sigma is getting quite a few changes as well, which is like Sigma is the one new character
in the game that I just can't get into.
Like I like Batiste, I like Orisa, I like a lot of the other characters they've added.
I don't really care for Sigma.
I don't get them.
But maybe these reshufflings will help a little bit because yeah, it sounds like they're making
them less powered, which this always happens.
They roll out a new hero, then they got to nerf them.
So Kinetic Grasp no longer blocks certain moves.
The experimental barrier regeneration rate was reduced and there's a cool down after
recalling the barrier.
So they're changing some things a little bit.
But like Winston, they're buffing up a little bit.
The duration of the barrier projector is increasing and the health is increasing as well.
Lucio's crossfade speed boost is going to get stronger.
And that sounds like that's going to be a pretty big change for Lucio.
So yeah, a lot of changes going to some of your favorite characters there.
Symmetra, again, getting a bunch of changes.
Photon barriers duration is being reduced.
Sentry turrets, their overall output damage is being reduced.
And yeah, a photon projector, if you're getting hit by it, you'll be able to hear it more.
So yeah, lots of heroes in Overwatch getting changes, but it also just goes to show, man,
this game just keeps on going.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Overwatch is still...
I didn't really play it this week, but just within the past couple of weeks, I will bring
up Overwatch and randomly play Quick Play.
I really liked the new role queuing because I like going in there knowing I'll get to
play a healer and there's a pretty good chance I can play Moira because usually I want to
play Moira.
But even if the other healer beats me to it, I like to do Lucio or something else.
And it's like, I know somebody else isn't going to snipe that hero position or that
healer position.
And we're going to have enough, like we're going to have a well-rounded team.
You don't have like everybody trying to pick Hanzo, like in the first week of the game,
it was like, wow, our team is entirely Hanzo and Widowmaker.
So yeah, that's really helped a lot, I think, when it comes to Overwatch.
Anyway, we're going to go back to a simpler time.
It's the classic game of the week where, you know, you couldn't patch games like this.
You couldn't keep a game going for years and years through patches.
You just did sequels.
But anyway, Dark Soccer is going to open up the gaming vault and we're going to take a
trip down memory lane with this week's classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer, what did you pick for us this week?
I picked a game called Osmond.
Are you familiar with it?
Um, not really.
I've got to admit.
Osmond was produced by a company called Mitchellcore.
However, the development staff was mostly ex-Capcom staff, including Yotsui Koichi,
who was the original designer, or one of the original creators of Strider.
And this game is considered an unofficial sequel to Strider.
Like a spiritual successor type of thing?
Well, at the time it was the sequel.
It was considered, I mean, not necessarily a spiritual.
He called it his Strider 2, you know?
You can see just in this little video here a lot of things in common with Strider.
Just with how it looks with the flashing, the climbing the walls, the acrobatics.
It was actually, he calls it an irregular sequel.
So where Strider was set in a sort of futuristic Soviet-ish setting, in this case it's more
of a cyberpunk Arabian style setting, where instead of Strider Hiryu being a Japanese
guy, you play a Middle Eastern protagonist named Kirin.
And he doesn't use any weapons, he's just full fight.
And you go through all these different exotic locations and fight enemies to stop this international
sort of federal government, or the federation that's taking over the entire world.
So you're going to try to infiltrate and try to fight everybody and be the man.
At any rate, yeah, as you'll see, it has a lot of the same attack sequences that Strider
Hiryu does.
It's A to attack, B to jump, C to do your screen clearing attack.
He also has some different power-ups and he has different techniques.
He has the sliding technique that's very much like Hiryu's slide.
He has some throws for human-sized characters only.
One of them is called the Hell Wheel, the other is called the Izuna Drop.
He has an attack called the Shredding Dance, where he does a three-punch combination and
it's stronger than the basic kits but difficult to use.
And the Kirin Star Festival, where he kills all the enemies on screen, I just think that's
a great name for it.
So you actually have different branching paths and there's no actual checkpoint.
When you die, you respawn where you were last killed, although in the final stage, you have
checkpoints there.
So it's a little bit more difficult.
You have your power-ups in here that are different than Hiryu's power-ups, so you get one that
changes his pants to purple.
That's the power-up, his pants turn purple.
Okay, a little bit more than that.
He gets an energy double of himself, think of Ninja Gaiden with this, and it does the
non-upgraded versions of Kirin's attacks and then it will fly away and re-merge with Kirin.
The second one gives him red pants and two shadows.
And the third one gives him white pants and three shadows.
The last one changes his pants back to black so he gets his original pants back and does
energy blades with his kicks that increase his melee range.
And then it's a limited set of attacks on here.
So the game is, I mean, it was pretty much just like if anyone wanted another Strider
game, then Osmond was going to be your game.
It's really fun.
It was only ever released in the arcades.
So you will not find any sort of home version for this outside of, you know, Maine.
It had a different name in Japan, by the way.
It was called Cannon Dancer, which I think is a cool name, you know, Osmond doesn't really
make a lot of sense because Osmond was the name of a Turkish, I want to say a Turkish
prince or king.
Why do you think that they've stayed away from putting this in any type of like retrospective
collection or the, I mean, is it a complicated rights issue or what?
I don't know, but I've never really heard of Mitchell Corps outside of this game.
It looks like that the hardware for this was a Data East 156.
So wait, in Japan it was released by Atlas, but I don't, let me look at the Mitchell Corporation.
I want to see what else they've done.
They were a Japanese company.
They are, they hired Capcom and TAD Corporation employees, and they were owned, the president
was Roy Ozaki.
I'm trying to see what else that they've done.
They did basically, they did titles for home consoles, handhelds, Japanese mobile games,
arcade and interactive kiosks, and printed circuit boards for the coin-op market.
And then they started developing games for Nintendo hardware.
They were best known as the developer of a game called Puzloop.
They did the Pang series, which we got as Buster Brothers and distributed by Capcom.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I knew I'd seen the name, but it didn't really stick out to me.
A Nintendo of America release, Puzloop for Nintendo DS, under the title of Magnetica.
And then there was a four player version called Magnetica Twist on We Were Servious.
Tokyo Crash Mobs is the last of the Puzloop series.
So they did Ballistik, they did Funky Jet, licensed by Data East.
Quest Buster's kind of confirming, Mitchell Company went under a few years ago.
Yeah.
I'm just looking at some of the other names to see if any of it just looks familiar.
Charlie Ninja, that's a fun name.
They did Pallarium, Chokan Hituhide.
Yeah, I'm not really seeing number battles.
Okay, nothing to do with Strider.
Yeah, Tokyo Crash Mobs.
Yeah I'm just looking through the list of everything to see if there's anything else
that looked familiar.
So yeah, funny enough, Osmond was a 1996 release and there were zero.
I would think that if it would get a home release, like I don't know who owns the rights
to it now.
I mean what company ate up Mitchell?
Their assets might have been liquidated in her all over the place, for all we know.
So yeah, then we don't actually know who owns the rights to it.
But I can tell you that it was published in Japan by Atlas.
So I think if there was going to be any kind of home version release, it would have to
go out by Atlas, at least in Japan.
Well, if you're going to pirate it using MAME, at least you can feel good about the fact
that there is no official way to support this game.
Pirating is pretty much the only way you can play it.
Not that I usually would endorse that route, but hey, you don't want me to pay for it.
Dude, wouldn't it be cool if we bought the rights to Osmond?
We'll give those to YYR as well, even though he doesn't, I think he's pretty clearly said
he doesn't want the rights.
He's trying to raise a child.
No, no.
No, just take the gift.
I want the rights for this and release them as mini cabs.
There you go.
Like, like the little Mortal Kombat thing.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, mini.
Oh, mini.
Oh, okay.
Like the $100 mini cabs or whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'd be cool.
Orange, Wright and Jetsons.
Come on, Walgreens.
This is your chance.
The Osmond and Ms. Pac-Man cabinet.
But you know, this game though is if you, if you like Strider and like the challenge
of the first Strider, this game is really, really amazing for that.
I would definitely encourage everyone to, to load it up and play it.
Or if you find an arcade machine, if you find an arcade machine of Osmond in the wild, fucking
tweet it to us and you take a video of yourself playing it, I will hand write you a letter
and mail it to you.
Thanks.
You will have, you will hand write a letter of thanks and send it to the listener.
It may not say thanks.
It may, it may have, uh, like an, uh, an Instax photo of me or the cat or Mr. Smoosh or my
foot, but I'll send you a picture.
I just can't guarantee what the picture will be.
That's your prize.
That's what I'm holding.
Um, while, uh, time to pizza is going on.
It's it's it's yes.
So while there is one person participating in time to pizza, everybody else gets to participate
in the find an Osmond machine, literally anywhere that works in the wild and send me a video
of you playing it and you will get a thing, a Polaroid or something.
You might get maybe an animal crossing trading card.
Okay.
All right.
I've got dupes anyway.
I think that's it.
My b-roll is running out.
So there it is.
A classic game of the week.
Osmond.
Ah, all right.
Orange Wright says this contest can be called Time to Osmond.
I like that.
It's time to play this game.
Check it out.
It really is a very good game.
It is.
And if you weren't, if you're on the podcast feed and you can't see the Twitch, you know,
stuff cause you don't subscribe on Twitch or whatever, like at least like go look up
a YouTube long play of it.
GGKS.
Yeah.
So you can see the game.
GGKS.
What's that?
Uh, Google.
It means look it up on Google.
Stupid.
Oh, let me Google that for you.com.
No.
All right.
O S M A N if you're curious or Canon Dan, but you do want to put, you don't want to
put Osmond video games.
I think there's some youtuber out there will know Osmond was a real Turkish dignitary of
some kind in the ancient ages, but also now some big youtuber because uh, when I searched
for the guy, I just put Osmond at first and I got some youtube dude and I was like, video
game.
It is Osmond the first or Osmond Ghazi who died in a 1323 who was a Questbuster says
founded the Ottoman dynasty.
Ottoman Turks.
Exactly.
Today.
Yeah.
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam.
Why they change it?
I can't say maybe they liked it better that way.
Sorry.
I, I can't help it whenever anybody talks about the Turks and stuff is that song comes
to mind.
All right.
Anyway, it's probably, I hope that's not disrespectful.
Yes.
The Ottoman dynasty bringers of, you know, footrests everywhere is careful.
You don't want to risk a mute.
Oh, come on.
Do you actually, do you know what else I played this week?
I just didn't put it on stream.
We'll talk about this and we'll get into rapid fire news cause we don't have a break saving
tonight.
I played Twitch sings.
I actually play, it's just, just because I was like, this icon is on my desktop and I've
never clicked it.
Click, click.
And I played a little bit to which things it is.
It's karaoke revolution.
It is pretty much exactly that game.
Did you get your ABBA on?
I, you fuck.
Yeah, I did.
It actually has a pretty robust library of songs.
I was pretty impressed.
It had my Atlanta song and everything.
Um, do they mute you though?
If you, I mean, I would assume that they don't know because it's their game.
So I mean, and you're, it's, they're all karaoke covers, so they're not the real song.
So, um, and I imagine they must've licensed the rights cause they don't have every song
ever made, but they have a, and you can do duets.
That's what I thought was the interesting thing.
So like a streamer could start and that there's a phone app that does this too.
And then you can go in and do your half while the other one is going, does that mean I can
get someone to do islands in the stream with me?
You could.
Yeah.
If I could, if I can fix my sink, um, I'll do islands in the stream, but I get to be
Dolly.
I don't want to be Kenny Rogers.
He's like full of preservatives.
Have you seen that man's face?
Islands in the stream.
Stop.
Knock it off.
I had to listen to my wife get triggered to sing songs like by every single word in the
goddamn like English language.
Can you just stop?
Can I get a break from that for just a little bit?
Dan and I just make up our own lyrics to things and we, then we sing songs about the cat.
Does that, is that an invite to sing a cat song?
All right.
Moving on.
Oh, you should wait, wait, wait.
Stop before I'm ready to derail this train a little bit more.
So like we watched, there's this show on Netflix now, it's like explaining different things
like that they have there.
Um, and so one of them was K-pop.
What is K-pop, you know, explaining what it's K-pop explains.
So my wife saw that and she does not like K-pop and she also doesn't like the fact that
I'm like, well, you know, I don't necessarily listen to this stuff, but I've listened to
some K-pop music.
Of course you would.
I liked Monsta X for a hot minute, but the rest of us really cookie cutter.
Speaking of karaoke, since we're derailing the train, um, I did not know we had one of
those places downtown, like right across the street from the crest.
There's one of those places you go upstairs and you can rent a room, a karaoke room and
like have it and you can get sushi and stuff and drinks like delivered to your little private
room.
Like there's a whole, like it's just like a legit karaoke and not just like drunk white
people karaoke.
Well, it's both.
But Coriana Plaza, you can do the same thing.
Well, but there's one right here.
There's the place actually that I like to go do karaoke is, um, in, uh, Japantown in
San Francisco.
Upstairs.
Um, they have like a little bar and then they have the karaoke rooms.
I don't think I've been there.
Really fun.
There's a better place in Alameda though.
Back to video games.
Let's get to rapid fire news.
All right.
Um, so we talked a little bit about what's coming to PlayStation plus in October.
Let's talk about Microsoft.
So Microsoft is getting, uh, I love this name.
This is awesome.
So the first game on the list is Tembo, the Badass Elephant.
That's coming to Xbox one and also Friday the 13th, the game that's getting to be the
second half of October through the middle of November.
Tembo the Badass Elephant.
Tembo the Badass Elephant.
Sign me the fuck up.
It is your free game.
He's not Dumbo.
He's Tembo.
And then your Xbox 360 compatible games really scraping the bottom of this barrel, Disney's
Bolt.
Remember that movie?
Um, and then Ninja Gaiden three, Razor's Edge.
That's going to be the second half of October.
Hmm.
Hmm.
And then, uh, let's celebrate 130 years of Nintendo.
That's right.
They turned 130 and you may be thinking, well, wait, what am I talking about?
You guys know that they've made card games before they made video games.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not going to explain it like, like it's a big shock or anything.
Okay.
But yeah, so 130 and they are, uh, the oldest, um, or they're one of the oldest gaming companies
Apparently, uh, Taito was founded in 1953 and Sega began in 1960 and they are much older.
So good for them.
Wait, not if you're in 1960, you're not older than Nintendo's way older than that.
No, I said Nintendo is much older than that.
Oh, okay.
I get it.
Yes.
I know math backwards.
Do you?
Okay.
Moving on.
Uh, let's talk about speaking of Nintendo.
Let's talk about the switch online collection.
Have you, uh, gotten a super Nintendo controller to use with your super Nintendo games on the
switch?
If the answer is no, then you're missing out on a cute little extra something, something.
If you have the switch online, super Nintendo collection and the controller that goes with
it, when you go into certain super Nintendo games, the collection menu will replace the
standard sound effects with some from super Mario world.
Ooh.
You get sound effect replacements for having spent all of that money on that controller.
Oh, whatever.
It's, it's cute, I guess, but, and you know, honestly, I'll, I'll snark in that stuff aside.
The super Nintendo controller really was like one of like, like the perfect controller in
many ways.
I mean, yeah, it didn't have analog cause gaming wasn't there yet, but for like non
analog stuff, I don't think there was a better controller in my opinion, anyway.
More Nintendo stuff.
This is interesting because apparently the brand new character, the Dragon Quest hero
was banned in competitive play in the official Nintendo France tournament.
That's right.
Nintendo in France banned one of their own, the Dragon Quest hero characters, but then
Nintendo ended up unbanning them.
So Nintendo is standardizing rule sets for all tournaments across the European team cup
in response to what France did.
So they're said in a quote, we're harmonizing these rules across Europe to make sure that
no community or country is disadvantaged when competing in the pan European final next year.
In terms of future fighter releases, we'll create more detailed guidelines for our tournament
organizers to make sure that we maintain a level playing field through consistent fighter
eligibility across Europe.
And I suppose France had no choice, but to surrender to this official designation from
Nintendo of Europe.
So there you go.
All right, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Stuff.
Um, anyway, uh, Grandia, the first and second game, which are actually a couple of games
that I super, super, super like, um, are going to have, um, HD remasters coming out for PC
on October 15th.
And you know, I'm gonna get it because I fucking love the first Grandia.
I mean, it'd be nice playing a version that looks good that I don't have to bust out my
Saturn for and then sit with a dictionary to play.
Um, but it will have, um, both the English and Japanese audio, um, it will have enhanced
sprites and texture art, UI improvements, widescreen support and customizable resolutions.
Um, and it will have steam achievements and you can also of course do custom, uh, controller,
uh, mapping.
And then, um, the, uh, I believe that these are already out on switch and there is a patch
coming out for it in November.
So there you go.
Um, but freaking grandia.
Oh my God.
One of the best RPGs ever.
I figured you'd like that news.
Heck yeah.
And then, um, house of the dead one and two are both coming to the switch.
Um, and it is being, uh, done by a Polish studio called forever entertainment and they're
bringing us the gun games.
Hopefully it'll be nice and pretty in the higher definition.
So about how is it like, if it's coming to the switch, is it a touch screen?
I mean, don't to, to be determined.
We don't know if when, when something gets listed on a, you know, rating, it doesn't
make any sense.
Like, well, we don't know.
Maybe we get a specific gun and sensor for it.
Maybe.
Hooray.
Or maybe it's just something you were just going to use the stick to aim and do it that
way.
Oh, horrible.
I know, but it might, it might be having, uh, dark to see this is just joy con aiming.
Maybe you point the joy con and move it that way using the HD sensor or whatever.
Who knows?
We'll see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Insert Marge Simpson noise here.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Uh, what is coming out a little sooner than the questionable house of the dead remake
Loki what's coming out in the U S we have cube world.
What's coming out on PC, uh, call of duty mobile on iOS and Android destiny to shadow
keep that expansions coming out in PC places you wear an X-Box one mobile suit Gundam
battle operation two on PlayStation four ready set heroes on PC and PlayStation four.
You know, a girl who chants love at the bound of this world.
Wow.
That's a name.
Uh, that is a name that's on PC.
Nintendo switch and PlayStation four one night stand on PlayStation four and X-Box one.
My heavens.
It's a visual novel season.
Apparently, um, we have a CSO Nia when they cry a phase one for you.
The replaceable ones on PC, man, with these subtitles, um, Ghostbusters, the video game
remastered on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four and X-Box one also one night stand coming
out on Nintendo switch.
And last but not least, Tom Clancy's ghost recon break point on PC, PlayStation four
and X-Box one.
All right.
Well, going over to Japan and checking out the releases there, um, PlayStation four kind
of slow this week.
The only real major release that I see on the Japanese realist is the, um, Tom Clancy
ghost recon break point, cause that's like a world wide release pretty much it's coming
out everywhere.
Um, and that is also a, no exception in Japan that is coming out over there.
Uh, I was trying to see if maybe there's a huge game on Nintendo switch this week.
That is the reason why they're not putting out anything, um, really, uh, on the PlayStation
four.
But, uh, the biggest things I see is, uh, that there are some new Nintendo switch controllers
in different colors.
I know some people are going to be one of like the purple and the orange, maybe.
Although I think a lot of that, I think a lot of those colors are releasing here.
Um, that is on the list for the switch this week.
Otherwise the only other big thing I see is the amnesia later, uh, cross crowd crowd for
Nintendo switch in a regular and limited edition, uh, and super robot wars V.
Those are really the only big releases this week in Japan.
So, um, a bit of a slower week, all things considered, but there's a few things.
How about Europe?
Dark Sakura.
In Europe, we have a handful on the 30th.
We have ghost recon, break point, gold, ultimate edition, sniper elite three, ultimate edition.
Um, on October 3rd, we have Sega mega drive mini.
This is when it says Sega mega drive that fast.
I didn't realize it was so delayed for Europe because you know, the one here is out.
The Genesis one is out.
Um, Ghostbusters, the video game remastered comes out.
Friday the 13th, the game ultimate slasher edition also comes out and ghost recon break
point.
Um, I guess the normal version is that on October 3rd.
Cool.
That's it.
All right, let's go to our mailbag.
Every week we invite your emails to participate at orange lounge radio.com and we read our
favorites here on the show.
My favorites are zero cause there aren't any.
There are no emails this week.
What a pity.
You know what this means?
Oh, that's right.
We get to do drag race talk, but there's no drag race airing right now.
They're doing drag race Canada.
Okay.
So I'll ask this question.
What do you think of all the, cause remember folks, when you don't send us emails, we have
no choice but to talk about RuPaul's drag race, Loki's favorite thing in the world.
Um, so what do you think about all these international versions?
There's Canadian.
We're going to get Australian.
UK.
The UK is coming out soon.
Thailand's great.
Thailand's great.
I'm, I'm going to be honest.
This is why I'm a little bit like, Oh yeah, that was the threat we made to the listeners.
I'm kind of burned out on drag race.
Like I don't like, I know they're making a season 12 and I'm so burned out.
Like the time to do these international versions was six years ago.
Yeah.
I don't know though.
I was kind of wanting to watch Dragula this season because they have a drag king on their
land and cider who I've seen perform a few times in LA.
Absolutely phenomenal.
Yeah.
But you know, that big thing went on about how misogynist the word fish is.
And just for anyone who does not know, you should cover Dragula.
I thought they talked about it, but some of my local queen buddies were talking about
it that, you know, typically in drag, the word fish is used to mean extremely feminine,
which comes from a derogatory about female anatomy and about certain odors that could
come out of it.
And so basically you're calling femininity a smelly vagina.
And that in and of itself is highly misogynist.
Stop it.
At any rate, there's been, I had to block a couple of the, um, the Bay Area Queens over
it because they just didn't get it like, Oh, well, but I have a shrine to femininity and
um, yeah, so you're objectifying us then, right?
We're just something to have in a shrine and not to actually, I have a fish friend.
Our fish died this week.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Well, I say our, because it was basically the kid's fish, but I had to take care of
it.
You had to flush it down the toilet.
What kind of fish was it?
Oh, I just threw it away.
Oh, that's sad.
What kind of fish?
It was a beta.
Oh, okay.
Let's buy another one.
Anyway.
Um, the thing about Dragula, I don't like, I think it's very stylish and I like that
style of drag.
I think it's really fun.
I think those extermination challenges are the stupidest thing in the world.
They're too much.
They have nothing to do with drag.
I don't, it ruins the show for me.
So anyway, yeah, that's it though.
But I do think it's rad that Dragula has more variety in the performers.
That's pretty cool.
See what happens when we talk about fish and the cat cones.
I know it's like, it's like Mr. Smoosh got fish for me, chicken, chicken, no, now he's
just scratching his back.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Uh, let's talk about, uh, more news.
We're going to get to, uh, Loki with another story for us.
All right.
So, uh, we talked a little bit about, like I said, the whole PlayStation event, and now
we're going to talk about the, uh, after the state of play, there was a whole Microsoft
inside Xbox presentation.
So stuff that they talked about then, of course, um, Xbox game pass came up.
So they talked about new games that are going to be coming out on Xbox game pass, including
Jump Force, Bloodstained, Ritual of the Night, and Lego worlds are being added on the Xbox
one side.
And then on PC, Cities Skylines, Saints Row IV, and Bad North, and Dirt Rally 2.0.
They said that the Xbox games app or pass app has been updated as well with some additional
improvements, including, uh, they said there's going to be more indie games coming to games
pass, including Genesis Noir, Lonely Mountain Downhill, and Demons Tilt.
And then what else?
There's going to be a brand new, um, game comedy puzzle game called Felix the Reaper
that's going to be available on October 17th, available on game pass that day as well.
They talked a little bit about Project xCloud, their streaming service that's going to be
available soon.
So apparently if you're in the US, UK, or Korea, you can apply to be able to test that
out.
And so if you have an Android device and a wireless Xbox one controller, you can sign
up to preview it and, um, so I will have to check it out except I don't have a wireless
Xbox one controller, although I could use another controller.
So might as well pick that up and maybe sign up for that.
Um, and then of course, early access for, uh, or the, there's the game Atlas that was
a pirate MMO game that was on steam early access.
That's coming to Xbox one on October 8th, and it's also going to be available simultaneously
on Xbox and PC.
I'm assuming, um, they're going to have the same game on both platforms.
And then there's a brand new Xbox one X and Xbox one S hardware bundles that include Forza
horizon four and the Lego speed champions expansion.
So that's about it.
I liked it.
That was time.
The same day as Sony's thing.
I'm sure that was completely coincidental and not intentional.
One bit, uh, she hold 10 in our chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG network says Xbox is
working hard or excuse me, Xbox is really working hard.
It will pay off soon.
You know, I do think the cloud thing is going to be very interesting.
I'm really curious to see how that's going to change up Microsoft's landscape.
I feel like I'm, I'm definitely personally and more excited about what Xbox is doing
with that and Microsoft, I guess with the cloud then maybe like Google stadium.
So does that X cloud stuff tie in with, is that only games that you own or is that like
if I have Xbox game pass and I have X cloud, then I also get access to all those games
and I can play them streaming cause that I could see would be very interesting, especially
with all the deals that they had with that.
Yeah.
Um, that may be worth it.
Yeah.
I would love if I don't have to do these huge downloads to do things on game pass anymore.
Like maybe I can just fire up gears five on the cloud.
I might be more inclined to test it out and see if it's something I would like want to
download.
Yeah.
So it'd be very curious to see how that all kind of comes together in the next couple
of months.
Yeah.
Okay.
Cause it's like October is supposed to be the launch month for this, right?
Or at least at the beta or like the preview or whatever they're calling it, it'd be interesting.
Excited for it.
All right.
Well, I'm also excited for an updated version of bloodstained.
That's right.
Bloodstained is going to be getting a switch update and it's been delayed and there's been
apologies.
And you know, the switch version, which is the version I have of bloodstain has some
problems that ended up getting apologized for.
There was supposed to be several small updates, but then there was a big one that got delayed
and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
So they're saying that the new patch will be focusing on four areas, visual fidelity,
loading times, particle effects, and input lag.
And they really get into the weeds of this.
I'm not going to get into all the, you know, details, but they are working on it.
They're going to be doling out two updates and the first will sport the vast majority
of changes.
The second will improve performance.
So they are saying the goal is the end of November, assuming that there is no further
delay.
It should be noted that the game is not even out in Japan yet.
So October 24th is when the game is supposed to come out in Japan.
The Xbox edition is going to be getting some extra stuff, some DLC, a balance update and
some HDR fixes and so forth.
So there's still much more to come with bloodstained, but it should be pointed out that Igarashi
is still planning on making bloodstained a series in an interview with Game Informer
because, you know, I know we heard about the cutbacks, but there at least is still like
one or two more issues of Game Informer.
So Game Informer had an interview with Igarashi who talked about the pressure of Kickstarter
and so forth, because that's how the game was funded years ago, right?
Because it was years ago.
So anyway, quality control, he said was the hardest part.
When you're working with an outsourced studio, it can be difficult to match the quality line
when things changed.
With bloodstained, we would first share our goal with the outsourced studio and make sure
we both agree and determine the necessities, but even with proper planning, it's difficult
to reach.
So anyway, he does say that bloodstained is a starting ground for the next step and wants
to make a series after putting in the effort with this.
So we'll see if maybe there's going to be a bloodstained 2 or something else, maybe
in the same universe, maybe just not the same name.
Bring back my dude.
Who knows?
Bring back my dude.
Fifth Dream today in chat says, I'm mad about the Switch screw up.
They're delaying all the DLC I paid for and the Kickstarter to fix it.
So well, I'm glad that they are delaying DLC.
I'm glad they're fixing it.
You know, you know, not every company always fixes.
I get.
But like, you know what I'm saying?
Not necessarily that.
Yeah, it sucks that your DLC is being delayed, but I'm glad they're focusing on the fixes
versus the DLC like some other studios.
Trying to get more money first.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
So.
Cool.
I still need to sit down and really play the game more.
But when I heard they were going to fix the Switch version, I was like, well, let me just
wait till the fix comes out then.
I mean, I've waited this long to play bloodstained.
What's another couple of months?
Right.
I'd love to see you in chat.
The PS4 version is really good.
Was that?
The PS4 one is pretty, pretty good.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Looking back, I probably should have got a different console or something, but I don't
know.
I love my Switch.
At least they're trying to avoid another Mighty No. 9 situation.
Yeah, they are.
So at least there's that.
All right.
Let's move on to another story.
Speaking of things on the Nintendo Switch, right, DarkSakura?
Right.
So the original Yokai Watch, which I hate how they put the hyphen in it.
The word doesn't need a hyphen or whatever.
Anyway, Yokai Watch, the very original one, is going to be coming on to the Switch.
And there is a second trailer up for it now on the official YouTube channel, and they're
getting online battle support.
And so this is looking like it's going to give you quite a bit more about the original
Yokai Watch.
I mean, there's not really much else to say because it's Yokai Watch, but it's nice for
people who might not have had the experience of playing it when it came out.
Of course, the trailer for it is in Japanese, but hopefully we'll be getting an English
version for fans of the series.
So it looks pretty good though.
I mean, nice and clean, and looks like it could be fun.
So there you go, Yokai Watch.
So anyway.
All right, so something that came out of State of Play, the PlayStation event, was some more
details on Call of Duty Modern Warfare, which is releasing here pretty soon.
And one thing that they announced is, unfortunately, that the Modern Warfare survival mode, part
of the spec ops thing, is going to be exclusive on the PlayStation 4 until October 1st, 2020.
So if you're looking to play that part of spec or special ops, you're going to have
to buy it on PlayStation or wait a whole year for the brand new Call of Duty game to come
out and then they'll release that on there.
Of course, there's been some backlash regarding it, but according to the developers, they're
saying that, well, it's only like 1% of the game, to which I said, well, if it's only
1% of the game, then why lock it as a console exclusive feature then if it's not such a
big deal?
Obviously.
But you personally would pick up these games on PS4 anyway, right?
Yeah, or PC.
I don't know.
Depends.
So, yeah, probably on PlayStation 4, but I'd only really care.
It's the whole...
Yeah, I get it.
It's a very Activision thing to do.
Maybe that should just be like a trademark, a saying, it's an Activision thing to do.
Yeah.
So I, yeah, I don't know.
But that must be, what did they get in exchange for that?
They get like free ad dollars promotion.
They probably get more featuring on the PlayStation store, which I'm sure a lot of people just
impulse buy things like that.
They see the ad for it and just push X to spend money and they do it if they're a fan
of the series.
And I don't know if that necessarily is going to be a big push for that, but it still kind
of sucks that you feel like you're not really getting a full game on other platforms.
Right.
All right.
Well, before we get to some Discord calls, if you want to be on the show, head on over
to our green room at our Discord server, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
If you want to be on the show, or you can ask some questions in our chat room as well
over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
But before we get to that, we have one more story tonight and it's another yikes involving
the game Fallout 76.
Just when you thought it was over with all the yikes things going on with Fallout 76.
This actually has nothing to do with the game itself.
It has to do with the collectible edition of the game, the $150 collectible issue of
the game.
A recall was issued by the United States Consumer Product Safety Commission for the power armor
helmet for Fallout 76 sold exclusively by GameStop, as if they haven't had enough bad
news.
Well, technically it's not the collector's edition of the game.
It was a collectible helmet that they released.
They did have now the two, you know, not to get it confused with the helmet that did come
with the collectors.
But it's a, it's another helmet that was also collectible that they were selling it games
up.
I see.
So anyhow, noted on the website, which you can see yourself because it is a government
website at, I think it's cpsc.gov and you can see this for yourself.
The fabric insert used for the helmet may contain mold.
And if you have a compromised immune system that could be trouble or allergies, even just
allergies, because depending on how bad they are, I mean, it could close air passages and
all that too.
So yikes.
Now, uh, and a quick follow up to this story running around the internet Chronicle collectibles
who made this helmet did want to clarify the only affected units are the Nuka Cola branded
red helmets.
Only 32 units were actually reported as being sold.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Well, then I guess it's not such a big deal now that I think of it only, only 32 units.
Only 32 of these were actually sold in the entire fucking country, 32 were sold.
And apparently the customers that were impacted have been reached any other power armor helmets.
Cause I guess there's other types were not recalled.
So to be fair, they may have sold more of them, but of this particular brand, they sold
32.
There's that many people watching on Twitch currently.
Congratulations.
We make up the entire population of the world of who bought this collectible.
Oh boy.
Fifth dream today just does want to point out.
It's only if you wear it, lol.
Thour 66 says, at least it's not radiation.
That's true.
Uh, here's the thing though.
It's just one of those things where like, like, again, I hate to dog pile on this game,
but you know, there's a lot of questionable stuff with this game to be, it's just like
another one of those things where it's just like, here's another one, even though it was
only 32 units, it's still like, it's mold.
It's gross.
People don't like to hear that their products that they paid $150 for have mold, whether
there's only 32 people or not.
So it's just, wow.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's see if we have anybody in our discord server that wants to give us a call.
I actually have some good news.
Uh, sure.
Go for it while I get our discord service set up here.
One of our dear friends and listeners, um, who we haven't probably heard from in a little
while has been kind enough to arrange me to get the links awakening Slurpee cups from
Canada.
Oh yeah.
I was seeing some of this exchange on like Twitter or Facebook or something.
Hopefully it will arrive soon.
It was mailed out on Tuesday, so I'm doing the happy dance cause I want my Zelda cups
to stay in.
Okay.
Uh, you were saying, you were saying something else about Slurpees in our chat.
Like I guess yes, black cherry Slurpee and it's black.
It's goth as fuck.
Does that mean it makes your tongue black too?
I hope so.
I want everyone to see my deathly power from the inside.
The black is actually mold.
No black cherry deliciousness flavor and he makes that with the Coke though.
You know, and we'll tell you how to mix it with Coke.
All right, well we do have a call waiting in the green room to come on the show and
I knew this actually somebody that wanted to come on tonight to talk about something
a little, I thought this was kind of unique.
So hi, you're on orange on radio.
Who's this?
That's Shane.
Hey Shane, welcome back to OLR.
You've been on the show.
It's only been a week.
I know, right?
Like you've been calling a lot lately.
How's how's things been with you?
Things happen.
What?
Fine.
I said, well, a lot has like things keep happening that make me call.
So
Well, what do you want to talk about tonight?
Cause I think this, you told me a little bit about this beforehand.
I thought it was interesting.
So
yes.
So there is, I'm sure there are other ones, but we just found out about a virtual reality
gym here where we live and it's kind of interesting.
Okay.
So it's called black box VR.
First of all, it only has two locations according to the website, one in San Francisco and one
in Boise.
That's it, which is just really random.
But in it, it's you play a game basically.
And all the like attacks and stuff you do are different types of workouts.
Like some are rowing, some are chest presses, some are squats and the game is like a MOBA.
So you can send out units, your computer opponent will send out units and there's like an elemental
wheel and you can pick units to send out and you have to do to send out a unit.
You have to like do different like punches, just quickly for the Twitch people were playing
their little commercial.
That is the best kind of thing that you can sort of see it in action, like how this whole
thing works.
Yeah.
But it is their commercial.
That is pretty cool.
And yeah, it's, it's a lot of fun.
In fact, I kind of forget that I'm working out except I get tired so quick because I
hate working out.
But you've got like two force fields on the side of your crystal and they have two force
fields and you basically have to break down at least one of the force fields using these
different workouts in order to attack the crystal and if you break their crystal, then
you win that round.
And it goes for about three rounds per person you fight, but they'll send out different
types of units that have different elements attached.
So you have to counter them and it's, it's a lot of fun and I really can't stress how
awesome it is.
All I gotta say though, just normally playing VR stuff and then watching that last, the
last seconds of that clip where he's wiping his sweat off of his brow, I hope they disinfect
those headsets pretty well.
I hope that there's like, I assume they do.
They're not sparing any expense it feels like because they're using Vive Pros and they have
little things that attach to your hands and they have this like box once you're done that
like sanitizes everything and you keep the little wristbands but not the attachments
that go on them.
They give you a headband.
It's pricey though.
We're doing a 30 day free trial right now, but they've, I guess they're pretty new because
they've kind of fluctuated in price and they're still taking feedback to send to their engineers
on like, well this is too hard or this isn't working right.
But like for a 30 day membership where you go as much as you want, it's like $240.
Yeah, but it's been jumping around in price because I guess when they started it was over
$300.
So doing the 30 days is fine because we have unlimited for those 30 days.
And I don't know, Dustin really seems to like it and wants to continue it.
I'm like, that's pretty pricey, but it's fun.
There's an app, you unlock special rewards, you unlock new units to use, which is really
unlocking new workouts, which is terrible when you think of it that way.
But yeah, I did, I'm opening up my app right now, if it would load quicker.
Let me get some comments in chat while you get that ready.
You can take this home or do you do it at the gym?
You do it at a specialized location, but there's an app that you can track all your stats,
you set up your next appointment, you buy things with coins that you earn from playing.
I would just want something I could do at home.
Fifth Dream in chat had the exact same comment that Loki had, Oh man, I hope they wiped those
goggles down really well between customers.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure they do.
Thour66 says, I think this is coming in the Montreal area.
I read about it in the paper, but to be fair, this isn't the only type of VR gym thing that's
out there.
So it may be this, but it may be like a competing brand, right?
Yeah, probably.
So I pulled up my stats and just for today, for example, it tells me how many punches
I did, how many reps I did sets.
I don't know what volume is.
I should have asked, but whatever it is, I did 12,000 pounds of it.
And it also shows you your areas that you worked out the most per your session.
So like today I basically did just my back and then a little bit of my arms and my knees
were killing me from last time.
So I did no squats.
So I have zero in like that area on the graph here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not surprised that you're getting a heck of a workout when you're doing this though.
I mean, like watching all like the resistance, like those things in your arms, because even
just playing Beat Saber on my PlayStation VR, like I get tired.
My watch recognizes that as workout time when I'm playing it because my heart rate goes
so far up when I'm playing it.
So I mean, just like the VR gaming in general, I suppose it depends what you're playing.
Like if I'm just kind of chill in a no man's sky or Skyrim, I'm probably not.
I mean, I'm probably burning more calories than I am playing on a monitor.
But like even just like a music game like Beat Saber or that, that one game that feels
like you're rollerblading or whatever, like gets a lot of motion.
So it's like, I feel like a VR gym set up thing, which is very kind of like a modern
thing.
I mean, that just really like amps it up even further, you know?
Are those things weighted?
They do have some weight to them, but they are not actual.
Like they don't adjust in heaviness or weight or whatever.
They're just there for tracking.
I would want something that would hook up to a weight machine of some sort, because
I don't like straight up cardio.
Well, no, that's the thing.
So when Dustin plays, he's more focused on his workout.
So he's doing like the actual way to, you know, work out and doing everything right.
I just wanted to win, which is bad because so I was doing everything as fast.
Maybe I was doing everything as fast as I possibly could.
But in doing that.
Yeah.
OK, so I started out CrossFit, started out.
But the software and the equipment, when you're going really fast, when you say I'm doing
like really fast chest presses.
So the next time I grab the chest press orb and put it in the virtual slot to start it,
it actually ups the resistance to make it harder for me, because it saw me just like
blaze through these lighter reps of it.
And so you actually get more weight the faster you go.
But there is, as we learned later, a little virtual button you can press to kind of tailor
how you want to do it.
So if you want to do lighter weight, but faster reps, you can hit that button and then start.
Or if you want to go really hard with heavy weight and fewer reps, you can hit that button
too.
How does it add resistance, though?
Is it hooked up to something else?
Yes.
So if you saw if the video was up, I don't know if it is.
I just saw the two people fake punching.
Okay.
So there is two hand straps that depending on your attack slash workout you're doing,
it actually raises and lowers.
So there's some sort of mechanics in that machine that communicate through the software
to add the weight for you, because it has to adjust the height of the handles.
Oh, I see.
It kicks out the back thing too, or the chest thing if you're facing it.
It's like a cable machine.
Yeah.
That's exactly what it is.
It's like the standing cable machine, but it looks like it adjusts it based on the difference.
Yeah.
I've used the cable machines at the gym a lot.
I mean, I totally do that.
Yeah.
So to advise.
Not for that kind of money.
Yeah.
Well, do the 30-day free thing.
And like I said, they're adjusting their prices, it seems, since they've been open.
It started higher.
It's going lower.
I assume it'll probably still go lower, because it wasn't really popular when we were there.
We were the only two people there out of the eight boxes they had.
So it's also a Sunday morning.
Questbuster in chat shares, the high pricing doesn't seem that unusual for VR-type attractions
from what I'm seeing.
The void charge, 30 per visit for adventure-oriented experiences.
You know what, though?
I think this is one of those things where it's just the technology is kind of expensive,
and it's new.
The industry's trying to figure itself out.
But I honestly think in 10 years, which sounds like a long time, but it's not, but in 10
years' time, this is the type of technology that will probably be in many more gyms.
It's not going to be a specialty gym.
It's going to be the type of thing you see at an established chain, like 24-hour fitness
or LA Fitness or whatever it is you have near you.
You're going to start to see this type of stuff like you would see a racquetball court
or something.
I think as the technology progresses, I think it'll probably be more accessible like that.
As long as it's still a game style, because even the worker today told us, yeah, there's
leagues.
Once you do your first two, which we've done now, once you do your third, you are actually
ranking up and ranking down.
And say you hate squats like I do.
Well, there is a person that you have to fight in the game who is weak to all the leg workouts.
So that's going to be fun.
Huh.
This sounds kind of up your alley too, Loki, because you could do laser tag basically.
You're kind of workout.
I mean, it's not VR, but it's still like you're doing an intense workout.
I do dream of a day when they, well, actually I take that back.
They do have, I think, I haven't played it in the Disneyland, downtown Disney area or
whatever.
They do have a VR place that is sort of like laser tag, but it's like PVE stuff.
You're just like doing co-op with a team, but you're actually walking through like a
maze and fighting like stormtroopers and shit.
But I do dream of a day like AR laser tag where this is our holodeck.
But I'll be perfectly honest.
I mean, I would want something like this that I could do at home and stop it, you know,
but I just keep thinking that it would end up being really overwhelming for me with my
sensory issues.
You know, it's clearly not meant for autistic people.
If it's as flashy as what they were showing the video content to look like.
It's not.
I mean, that's an attraction video.
Yeah.
So it's not that flashy.
But virtual environments can be overstimulating anyway for an autistic person because it's
not just the visual input.
You're also dealing with the electric input, the heat, the pressure.
You've got a lot more than that you're dealing with.
And I would want something that I could like pause.
They do have an emergency stop, but yeah, it's, um, each session is 30 minutes and it
actually like, you know, I thought so too.
And I like you said with you, with those sorts of issues, it might actually be too long because
of all the stuff that's going on.
But for me, I was like in the middle of my third battle and I won because I was ahead
and I was like, wait, I didn't finish.
I want to keep going.
This is terrible for people that want to win at stuff terrible.
And to Jamie's point, this is all still like, and again, you say this only exists in two
different places.
This whole, this whole thing is kind of like uncharted territory.
Like we kind of look at it as gamers going like, okay, wow, cool.
This is like a workout thing to the next level, but there's still a lot to figure out.
I mean, we're trying to figure out what's the right price.
And then I think another question that's going to be asked with this is how do we make it
accessible to more people is going to be, you know, another question which would include,
you know, include these sorts of questions that you're raising.
What I want is sensory deprivation, weightlifting, because when I, um, when I lift, when I was
lifting heavy, you know, now that I've got the okay to go back and do it, I'm going to,
but I would, uh, close my eyes or wear a sweat band over my eyes so that I could focus on
how my body felt and not have any click clank over in the side or any bright lights or loud
music, um, interrupting my own progress.
Have you ever done one of those like water tank things?
I desperately want to, um, curious, I say sensory deprivation.
That's where my mind goes.
I really want to do a sensory deprivation tank because it's supposed to be the most
relaxing thing ever.
Um, but I mean, I kind of, I re I liked the concept.
I really liked the concept and me having a little bit of, you know, a background in having
done heavy weightlifting, it sounds really interesting and very motivating to a lot of
people.
I just don't know if, you know, it would be the right thing for me.
And on top of that, I would really be worried about people, Shane, no shade on you, but
I would be really afraid for people who are not paying attention to their form and are
not doing the exercises correctly because that is how you injure yourself.
Crossfit.
Definitely true.
Definitely true.
Crossfit has a big problem going on with that and I, you know, people will preach Crossfit
like they preach veganism, you know, it's their religion.
Guess who's husband has recently gotten into that bandwagon.
At any rate though, the Crossfit also is fairly dangerous if you're not paying attention to
your form and a lot of people will try to push their reps over and over, over paying
attention to, are they doing these exercises correctly?
You know, I know someone who had to take a break out of Crossfit because of torn ligaments
in her shoulder, you know, people injuring themselves because they're not paying attention
to form because all they want to do is hit those numbers, hit those numbers.
And that's a big problem I foresee with this service.
Well, what I will say, just to talk about that for a second, I think what you're saying
is a hundred percent true and the best I think that they can do is kind of the stuff they
have already implemented.
Every time you pick a workout, it's showing you a video as it's loading up and if you
try to cheat and really just, you know, go at it without paying attention to your form
at all, it doesn't know exactly that you're cheating, but if it feels like you're not
doing it right, because I may have done some of that today, it will say, you've got to,
you've got to stop in and check your form and it won't actually let you attack or account
for anything you're doing until you get back into what it believes is the correct form.
So they try at least.
And it's still probably uncharted territory in many ways, like, you know.
Now I would assume it would have like a profile for you, of course, but doesn't save anything
like body dimension, like your weight, your height, your hip to foot ratio, things like
that, so that it can accommodate for maybe having, like for me, I got short stubby little
hobbit legs.
My squat's going to go a lot lower than the average person, you know, but I have a bit
taller of an upper body.
So if I'm going to do say, hold on, I'm trying to do this on the camera, like, you know,
a shoulder press, my shoulder press is going to go a little bit taller than it might be expected
of my height. So, you know, the only thing really, I want to kind of deep dive on this one
now. I'm going to do a lot of research on it because it's very fascinating to me.
So, so two things to that.
One, they only ask for your height and weight when you sign up.
And when you go in there, it has you center your head so it can like accurately gauge if
you're right about how tall you are for these.
So I'm guessing it's, it's assuming that you are of average proportions, so to speak.
But the thing is, since it's still really new, every time you're done with it,
the app asks you for feedback for that stuff.
And the employees there have both times so far, like asked for feedback as to what's
working, what can be improved, stuff like that.
So I think for someone like you who wants it to go even further and it should go further,
maybe, maybe trying out that 30-day trial and just going down there once to tell them,
hey, this is what I noticed that you should be doing.
It's a good drive going to San Francisco.
Yeah, well, yeah. I mean, if you were going there for whatever reason already, like if
you're just taking like a weekend trip or something.
I will say I'm all for this gamification of exercising, and I'm sure this is just like,
you know, the next step, because I would say, you know, it's this or it's Wii Fit or it's,
you know, now we've got the Resistance band, right?
The Nintendo, what did I, what was the nasty name I gave it the other week on the show?
The Nintendo Strap-On.
The Nintendo Strap-On thing for your leg, because you strap it on your legs.
It's the Nintendo Strap-On.
Yes, OK.
So there's that or, you know, I'm really excited right now because we're starting a walking
challenge at work tomorrow, and I'm going to get all those steps in and be my co-workers.
So, you know, gamification, it goes a long way.
And we're starting the mindfulness challenge at work.
So is that, oh, is that the 10 minutes of the Breathe app and using a guided meditation?
Fun.
So kind of the reverse.
But no, thank you for thank you definitely for bringing that up to us, because I think
that it's an amazing concept.
I kind of saw something like this eventually happening, and I'm glad that they did.
It will definitely get more people into being active.
And I feel like this one company probably isn't the only one like it's the one that
Shane got to see and is reporting on.
But I have a feeling there's others very similar.
You know what?
Another application for something I think could definitely be incorporated into hospital,
hospice services, things like physical rehab.
Imagine having something like that for people who are just like, oh, this is boring.
This is boring. It's boring.
But you give them a virtual environment in which to motivate themselves to participate
in their physical therapy and then give them some sort of, you know, reward for actually.
I mean, my dad would probably need that.
He never wanted to do his physical therapy.
But if he got a reward out of like say that he did all of this physical therapy and he
got to get a snack out of the snack machine, my dad would be happy as a, you know,
Mr. Smoosh with the feeder broken and just piling food everywhere.
That's how happy my dad would be.
Okay.
Shane, before I let you go, I don't see any other callers waiting in the green room.
Again, if you do want to be on orange on radio tonight, head on over to the green room on
our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
That's VOGnetwork.com slash discord.
But before I let you go, Shane, any other gaming things going on you want to talk about
here on the show?
I accidentally started WoW again because I was on Ambien, I guess was really the best
explanation.
And I'm naming my character after the good place, which is great.
And I have a huge backlog of games and I just keep playing the goose game instead.
I don't even care.
Oh, yeah.
Quickly on the goose game.
Cause you said this is like the best video game.
Oh, no way.
You talked about this last week already, didn't you?
Yeah, I did.
Congratulations.
I finally broke my ban on Epic and got it.
It's going to be worth it.
So I can play it on my Mac.
It's just the funniest game.
I'm going to be at work on lunch playing the freaking goose game.
You're coworkers.
Just make sure to wear headphones.
I'm not the only one who plays games at lunch though at work.
Yeah, you used to get a coworker that did Diablo three.
Yeah, a couple of do Diablo.
Some people who've done cause Borderlands plays on Mac.
Oh yeah.
So, all right, cool.
All right.
Well, Shane, take care.
I'm going to let you go.
Okay.
Okay.
And everybody watched the Pokemon stream on Friday.
It's 24 hours.
Who knows what it's going to be?
It's a mystery.
All right.
Bye.
Yep.
Bye.
All right.
Oh, this'll be fun.
Oh gosh.
If this is who the label says it is, this is going to be so much fun.
Uh, let's go to the phones.
Hi.
You're on orange on radio.
Who's this?
This is Jim Sally motherfucker.
I'm back from the past.
Jim Sally is back, bitch.
I thought you were dead.
I was for a little while.
Wow.
Ooh, and the quality.
See, a lot of people give a shit for ditching Skype, but the quality, like Jim
Sally's coming through an HD now.
I love it.
Listen, brother.
It was so much easier before when I could use the fucking regular telephone.
I know.
I know.
Thanks for complicated now.
And I'm fucking dude.
I'm a little bit baked and I had to think of asking me if I was a robot.
And I'm like, dude, I'm not a robot.
And it was like, look at this picture.
And where's the traffic lights?
And I'm like, I don't know, man.
But look, you can see us.
We're a video.
What do you think of OLRB video now?
Dude, it was pretty crazy, man.
When I was watching fucking Bobby Black Wolf before, man, Jesus Christ, Bobby
Black Wolf looks a little bit Wolfie.
You forget sometimes.
You forget sometimes.
That's a compliment though.
Bobby Black Wolf's a good looking man.
He has a good looking man.
And when I hear his voice, I picture like a smooth Debonair, like, you know,
little short hobbit, he sort of, but still smooth and Debonair techie boy.
And then you see him now.
Shit, son, put that man in a moped and I'm stepping back.
That's all I'm saying.
That's all I'm saying.
Well, what, what the hell have you been up to?
What's been new over the past two years, however long it's been.
Jeez, man.
A couple of years.
Uh, I was, I was working at a marijuana farm for a while.
Getting that all set up for a couple of years, but it was about an hour away from
my house, so it was taking up a lot of my time, Sunday nights, I was always there.
There's no wifi service, no OLR, man.
And it's not the same listening to it as a podcast when it's not live.
I don't know why.
It doesn't seem as fresh.
It's um, you know, I, I, yeah, the podcast and I've, you know, cause I, I listen,
yes, I listen to myself sometimes just because I'm my own worst critic.
And I often come up with the ideas on how to do better things when I listen to this
when I listen to this show.
I think part of the fun is that you do kind of feel like you could influence
things through the chat room and stuff like that, where it's like, when you're
listening on the podcast, you can't really change anything.
You know, you can't influence the show on the fly.
We have had complete fucking utter derailments of this entire fucking show
that have happened because of a chat comment, you know, and when you're on the
podcast, although, sure, we, we still, we invite the tweets, we invite the emails.
It's not, I fully admit it's not quite the same when it isn't playing out live.
You know?
Yeah, man.
I know that I got my weekends back to myself.
I want to spend a little more time listening and calling in, man.
Well, good.
It's so good to hear from you.
I'm good.
Dude, I'm getting the game life back on.
Yeah.
So I was able to get my gaming life back together and I bought
this thing called a PS4.
Have you ever heard of this thing?
It went up from a three to a four, apparently, while I was away.
How far north in Canada are you?
It's too far.
You forget, man.
It's far, man, but it's fucking far.
I'm still living on the same goat farm that I lived on before.
No.
So the way in her majesty's Bush, we're not so the way in her majesty's Bush.
Cause I like to tell people, you live out the goat's real fat, but a girl's
go fat munching on her majesty's Bush.
Bitch don't pay no rent though.
That much put, put her face on the 20 and pay me.
While you've been working out in the Bush at the grass farm, what have you
been playing on the PlayStation four?
Well, I went out and I got, I got the fallout.
I got the fallout four, which is unbelievable.
I can't believe how amazing it is.
I just lose myself in the inside that world.
It's crazy.
The evil things that you can do to people with police around.
It's it's just spectacular.
But then I tried to play the fallout 76 and fuck, man, people are evil, man.
I can't play folks.
They should go follow 76 and follow fucking shoot Jim Sally in the face.
Cause every time I grow up with somebody, I think it's going to be a nice, Hey,
I'm going to use my, I did, I stumble around and I try to get the fucking
handshake emoji on and shut off.
The motherfucker will shoot my hand off and then kill me and steal my shit.
Like, wow, this is a great game.
This is a great game.
I get to be an NBC from followed for it.
Isn't that the worst when you try to go and do like the handshake emo and then
you accidentally do the one that's the middle finger instead.
Uh, and I don't want to be like cruel because you know, I know it's kind of
profiling and shit because I'm sure most people playing that game are a dick, but
there should be some sort of like mode.
I have where people know it's Jim Sally and not a dick.
Like you should be cool.
And I roll up on, have you thought about changing your PlayStation
four name to Jim Sally?
Not a dick.
I tried that, but then I got this thing that said it was bad.
Cause you can't have a dick in your name.
So I tried cock.
I tried pennant.
I tried penis.
That didn't work.
I tried 10, 15.
I tried to do about it, man.
Like shit.
I'm fucking behind the times, man.
I'm behind the times.
I just learned like, I just learned about Twitch today.
Well, welcome.
It's a, it's a beautiful world here.
Uh, this is unbelievable, man.
Fifth dream today in chat says the PVP has calmed down a lot since the early days.
Way less griefing.
And we have multiple suggestions for a former, a chatter from back in the day.
Pen 15 is another way you could do it, which is also a show on Hulu that
extra for like made me watch.
And it's pretty fucking funny anyway.
Oh, so Jim Sally, is there anything on your PlayStation four wishlist?
Like things you want to play?
Well, that's the thing, right?
Cause I'm just getting back into it now.
So I know that Christmas time is coming, which means all the old
games are going to be for sale.
I already bought the new grand tourismal Jesus Christ.
I was melting away on the grand tourismal.
I can't believe it.
You just fall.
And then I thought for the longest time that I was the greatest racer of all time.
I couldn't believe it.
I was flying through the corners.
Nothing could stop me.
Everything was perfect.
And then my friend came over and I played on his profile and I couldn't do it.
And I said, what's going on?
And he said, you got it on girlfriend mode.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Girlfriend mode.
And he explained to me, it was all like auto-breaking and no damage.
You know what, that mode got some strong feedback for what, what it was being called.
But, um, also, uh, there's no shame.
I think in playing video games on an easy mode, especially if you just want to
experience the narrative or the story, you know, um, but yeah, I mean, you're not
going to maybe get trophies or be able to say, Oh, I got the best score.
Cause you know, you're playing on an easier mode.
Um, you did make me think of something though that we didn't have in tonight's
show role, but as maybe like a little bit of a last minute story.
Since you are, you know, a little newer on the PlayStation four bandwagon, you
know, you're not the only one, uh, some of the games are coming down in price.
In fact, just two days ago, Jim Sally.
So recently this week, they have reduced the, the price because they have put some
new games in the greatest hits package PlayStation, so new games, 20 bucks for
these games, 20 American far cry four.
Just so you know, we call that a queenie God of war, Gran Turismo sport, Rayman
legends, the crew uncharted, the lost legacy and watchdogs are all down to 20
bucks.
Dude, I'm set the original watchdogs.
Yeah, I guess the original for whatever.
I think I bought that for 20 bucks.
Like a few years ago.
Is it going to be the super additions though, where I get all the extra bonus
shit?
Um, sometimes like, I know, like I just saw at a target or one of those places,
like the horizon zero Dawn, which, which is a game I've been meaning to try.
It's another one of those like open world exploration games.
It's got, if you like fall out of my piece of delicious 20 bucks and it was
the worst game and the DLC.
Yeah.
Right.
I love two games, man.
I love it.
I got a little boy.
I got a little boy.
It's four years old.
Daniel.
It's just like daddy, a little fucking little mini fucking captain America.
Oh, I love him.
And sometimes you get into the game bins and I used to always have a hard time
looking in those fucking game bins and shit because there's a lot of games in
the fucking game bins because you know, what's great at finding games in the
game bins for your old Johnny, you fucking pick them up.
You put them right in the middle and he fucking digs in there.
Like it's a fucking ball pit comes up.
What'd you got there?
Motherfucker.
I got the motherfucker follow with Daniel and Tony.
I put the sticker from the cheap game on it and see if we can get the cheap.
I said, God damn it.
That's a good boy.
You put it, that's when you let them ride in the little basket of the cart.
You know what I mean?
Proud little ride, a little basket of the cart.
Maybe push them across the parking lot.
See what happens.
Good job, son.
God, I fucking missed your calls.
Those are the kind of moments you can have together with your boy.
Loki, do you let your children go Walmart dumpster diving in those?
That's why they're just dumpsters where they put all the, I mean, they're not
like actual dumpsters, but they just put all the cheap Blu-rays and all the games
go in those big Walmart dumpsters.
Do you let them go dumpster diving?
Oh, they don't care about any of that stuff.
They want it.
They want to play the demo kiosk for the Nintendo switch for games that we already
have at home that they just got done playing.
You got a Pavlov dog, those motherfuckers, man.
You take them to the Walmart.
It's got the McDonald's built right in and you tell them you want a cone.
I always look at the closeout stuff, but they always have like, it's like Titan
fall two or something.
I'm like, I already own that.
I don't, I don't need another copy of Titanfall two.
If we gave our episodes titles, I would say this week would definitely be that a
Pavlov dog, that dog, that motherfucker.
You got a Pavlov dog, that motherfucker, man.
Kids are dumb, man.
How about that fucking shit, man?
Jim Sally, man.
I have missed you so much on this program, but I do have to let you go so we can
wrap things up.
I hope to God we hear from you again, though.
Dude.
Yeah, man.
I'm going to get my Twitch and my fucking discord game on Pat.
Try to figure out some shit.
I saw some fucking live streaming channels or some shit on you.
Fucking shit.
I should be checking out.
You should get into live streaming.
Now.
I just said earlier in the show, don't get into live streaming to make money, but Jim
Sally, you're like, you're going to be like Ninja two.
I just know it.
Well, I'm going to go karate chop the fuck out of the night, man.
All right.
Some good nights, brothers.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
Later, boys.
I love hearing from Jim Sally.
That was the best.
That made my night.
We're not going to take any more calls because nothing else is going to top that.
But if you want to send us an email, you sure can participate at orange
lounge, radio.com, uh, make our soccer work next week.
Y'all gave her the night off tonight.
So, uh, make our soccer work and read your emails next week.
Girl.
So if we don't get emails next week, though, we need to think of something
other than drag race talk.
Um, karaoke.
No, I'm kidding.
I won't torture Loki anymore.
Um, let's see.
I would say food talk, but we did that anyway.
Um, guess what my mom sent me?
Oh, my mom sent me a Southern care package.
They contained two bags of waffle house grits, two cans of boiled peanuts, and
it's B O I L T P dash N U T S if you're from the South and some, uh, jambalaya
mix and I am a happy little mud bug.
All right.
Well, we'll think of some site type of appropriate punishment during the week.
Crawl dads, mud bugs, mud bugs.
All right.
All right.
Well, we're going to wrap up the show so we can head on out and, uh, yeah.
Uh, thank you though.
Of course, as always for you.
So actually, wait, I didn't check for any other last minute stories.
I re I did one, but I don't know if you have any others.
Loki.
Um, I had a couple of things.
So, uh, the first one is the composer, um, Bobby Prince, who wrote music for
such games as doom, doom two Wolfenstein 3d, and most notably Duke Nukem 3d has
filed a lawsuit against gearbox software and Randy Pitchford and valve claiming
that his music was used in, uh, Duke Nukem 3d 20th anniversary world tour
without his permission and without him receiving compensation.
Oh, so he's saying in exchange.
Um, that he's requiring that a royalty of a dollar per unit sold be, um, given to
him.
So we'll have to see what happens with that.
Yeah.
And then last but not least, there is a new shooting collection.
That's coming to the Nintendo switch.
The, uh, psycho shooting stars alpha, which is coming here.
It's got strikers, 1945, uh, looks like strikers, 1945, three, um,
zero gunner to dragon blaze, uh, strikers, 1945, two and sold divide.
Looks pretty cool.
If you like your classic arcade shooter games and that's coming out January 24th,
I'm sorry, that's in Europe, uh, North America's game, January 21st.
Um, I have another quick little last minute story.
So metal mayhem was sharing this in our discord and usually I don't share all the
sales and everything cause there's a lot of sales are going out there.
This one's a little bit interesting though, because, um, devolver is doing a
sale through good old games.
Um, and it's not just games, but it's movies.
Um, which I know we sometimes forget that movies go on sale and on platforms and
things as well, but then I'm looking at some of these movies and there are things
that I haven't really heard of, but they're really cheap.
And I imagine these are indie movies.
For example, there's a movie called burning man beyond black rock.
So I imagine that it's from 2005.
So it's a little older at this point, but, um, I imagine there is, uh, you know,
like a documentary.
Uh, I did not know angry video game nerd made a movie, but it also doesn't surprise
me at the same time that is on sale as well.
That was about the, uh, et thing.
The angry video game nerd.
Really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
Um, there's a movie called Austin high, which I think I had heard about that one.
I'm trying to see what else is a little newer.
I mean, these they're there.
A lot of these are older movies cause they are only like a dollar 50 at this point.
Uh, pixel poetry, steam dream and good game are from about three years ago.
So kind of neat.
So there you go.
Check those out if you want.
So, and a dark to see who wants to point out the games done quick, did a little
like a Twitch con edition, GDQX.
They raised 150,000 for able gamers.
That's what I was talking about earlier.
Oh, that's right.
We got the final number though.
Yeah.
They actually exceeded last year's numbers.
Yeah.
Good job.
Able gamers is a good charity.
So, um, congrats to able gamers.
Yay.
Gamers doing good things.
That is a great note to end this show on.
So we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
But I do want to say thank you.
Of course, as always for tuning into Orange Laundrio, thank you for your
support of our show, be it on the podcast feed or watching here live on Twitch.
We really appreciate you and your support.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundrio, tell a
friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put on air, what are we to do?
So, um, yeah, uh, a nice review, a five star review on one of
those sites goes a long way.
Hosting on Twitch.
I can't stress how magnificent that is.
It's discoverability.
It's very important and all that's even going to become bigger as Twitch
goes through some of these big changes in the next couple of months
to their main site design.
Anyway.
Um, thank you again.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
I'll start with you tonight.
Loki, what do you, what's your final thought?
I did work on my game this week.
I forgot to mention that in my game week.
It was mostly bug fixing because I had done a bunch of changes and didn't.
I, cause I had done a bunch of changes, but that was the same time I had
deleted the actual pieces of my level.
And so then I put them all back.
And so they had a lot of stuff to fix because something broke and now it's
back up to where it should be now.
And so I can build from that, but that, that was my Saturday.
All right.
That's awesome.
Uh, my final thought for the night is you can't really see it on camera.
You can see way in the corner, you see some boxes sticking out just a little bit.
You can see it under underneath my golden girls, vinyl pop figures,
which is what's on the right side.
I got you on this.
There's a whole side over there.
That's just nothing but boxes and boxes.
And what that is, that is grandpa from the Horde house days or captain
Matt from starboard power coupling.
That is the, that is all pumpkin spice shit of different stuff.
I haven't opened it yet because I'm waiting for the last of it to arrive
tomorrow and then I'm going to do a Facebook live where I open it all.
And then I'm going to come over and help you eat it.
I'm kind of scared, but I'm also like, that's a lot of waste.
Like, why couldn't it just be in one fucking box?
Like, but you know what?
I'm cat condo.
You know what he gave me last year?
Do you know what he gave me last year?
That actually lasts a long time over there.
It, uh, it was the syrup and, but the pumpkin creamers, they actually, there
was like four boxes of pumpkin creamers gave me a box, I gave you a lot.
And then I, I put it out at work and I just invited coworkers to come
over and steal them and they did.
And you know, it was great.
Shared the love.
So anyway, uh, all I can say is the classic Jesse Spano line.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so scared.
Last but not least, dark soccer, your final thought.
Um, I've got a really busy week.
I've got a con guide to finish.
I've got Rosh Hashanah service tomorrow.
I've got to take mid into the vet.
Got a lot of crap on my plate, but I can do it.
You can do it myself.
I believe in you.
And maybe there's another design thing.
I might be interested.
We'll talk later.
Rob, do you believe in life after love?
Uh, of course.
All right.
Anyway, uh, that's it.
Bye everybody.
Good night.
We'll see you next time.
Uh, here at orange sounds radio.
We'll do this all again next week.
Sound good.
Bye.
Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views
and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or bog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
