This week, Monster Rancher is getting remastered and coming to the Switch!
The love of my preteen and teenage years, this is one sim game that's possibly just
steeped in nostalgia.
This is just one story, stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio Live Tonight, episode number 792 for
this September the 15th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me here live tonight is my co-host, Mr. Smoosh, who
is off camera screaming up a storm because Tech Master Loki decided to bring KFC to the
studio tonight and Mr. Smoosh is one entitled kitty who feels that he should get to have
a piece of that chicken.
I think maybe I'll go step away and see to Mr. Smoosh.
Hi DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, I hope you're well.
She's gonna go be a kitty ant right now and take care of Mr. Smoosh.
Okay, here's what's funny about this and why I'm laughing is because Alan, he, okay
apparently, okay, I'm sorry, this is like horrible radio, I'm sorry, this is really
funny what's playing out.
Okay, so number one, Alan is out of town right now, he went to, he went to the Midwest for
a work conference, so he's not here, so he's usually gone during the show anyway because
he does stuff on Sunday nights, but he's usually not here, but Mr. Smoosh is usually has a
shit together because like Alan's around and, you know, able to like take care of him.
But so what happens is that when he's really misbehaving, sometimes we'll put him in the
spare bedroom and we'll shut him in there for, you know, 30 minutes or so and we call
it kitty jail.
Yeah.
And don't worry, we're not cruel, he has water and, you know, he's fine, but like at least
when he's in there, he can't like meow.
But DarkSakura, you said, so DarkSakura is the punisher on Sunday nights.
Yeah, well, he also lets me pick him up for five seconds.
So I guess he likes boobs or something, but at any rate, like I, he, you saw him do this.
He started turning and going down the hall and he went into kitty jail by himself and
all I did was shut the door.
That's pretty amazing.
Like he knows he's in trouble.
He just went into kitty jail of his own.
That's like when we get the carrier, like if he has to go to the vet or something, we'll
put the carrier on the ground.
He just walks right in and he's like, all right, I guess it's time.
Like he's not Midna.
She's such a weird cat, but like in the best possible way, not Midna.
She's like, Oh, is that thing like to the point that, I mean, I'm, I was thinking I
might have to take her to the vet this week cause she started wheezing last night.
Oh no.
Um, but she hasn't done it at all today.
So I think maybe she just got into something or had an allergy attack or something.
Um, but I was just thinking that maybe this time I was just going to take her on her leash
instead of put her in the carrier cause she resists the carrier, but she's okay with her
leash.
I have, I have a harness for my cat.
I take her for walks in the backyard.
Well, I have a harness.
Nevermind.
Uh, all right.
Well, I just ordered a harness, so, but not for that just because it's fashionable.
All right.
It's you were, you were saying you were, it was inspired by K-pop videos.
Yeah, it was.
I just like, I kind of like that aesthetic cause it's kind of like on trend right now
to wear like interesting, like leather accents or harnesses or things, but you wear it over
just like mundane clothes or with something sexy ish.
I don't know.
But I was like, I kind of dig that aesthetic and it would go with some of my gothy stuff
and I could wear it for sister outings if we go to the bolt or something.
I don't know.
Not that I'm into that, but I figured it would dress appropriately for a leather bar.
Yes.
Good.
All right.
You just, you just dress dress into impressing.
Uh, going to our chat room because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the
voice of geeks network, twitch TV slash bog network.
Yes, it is a video game podcast.
You can see the video game topics along there on the side if you're watching live, but sometimes
the cat derails us in the first five minutes of the show.
Um, some of the comments in our chat over at twitch TV slash bog network, tiger claw
says Mr. Smoosh is quite the diva.
Um, pod culture says, damn, that's a loud smoosh.
Try sleeping around here.
I have to sleep with earplugs.
I know.
Oh, don't encourage him.
Um, let's see.
Dark Tetsuya says five minutes in and smoosh has already derailed everything.
Love it.
Yeah, you, you love it, but poof.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, and it's all his fault.
Seriously.
He is loud and shrill for bringing that a KFC that smelled up the room and he felt entitled
to it, but that's okay.
I, I, I meow a lot at the scent of KFC as well.
Say hello to tech master Loki.
I didn't want KFC, but the other place in it would have gone to the Korean oven chicken
fried chicken.
Yeah, they were being special today.
So they, they had their, they weren't answering their phone, which was inconvenient for me.
They were like closed to that being closed.
Yeah.
So they, they weren't answering their phones.
I was like, okay, well I've had this before where I've called a couple of times and they
won't answer and then eventually they will.
Um, so they answer the phone, their door is unlocked, but like everything looked like
they're in the middle of construction.
So I'm like, okay, I can hear people in the back.
I see the ovens are on you guys open, you know, it's no one answered.
So like, okay, I'm leaving with the KFC.
There's a lot of churches in the area, so maybe they were doing a catering event or
something.
No, they were like doing some remodeling or something cause they had all the chairs stacked
and then they had like some, maybe they're putting central air in bringing the place
up to code after you were complimenting all the delicious chicken.
All right.
Anyway, uh, we're going to get into talking about video games, but I do want to mention
if you do want to see all the sites and sounds such as the occasional smush cameo or me pointing
at things along the side of the screen.
Of course the audio podcast is free and always has been for the last 17 plus years and will
continue to be, but if you want to get in on the video, it just takes a subscription
to VOG network over twitch.tv slash VOG network.
And many of you get one free with your Amazon prime.
But if you don't have Amazon prime or you've already used it somewhere else supporting
another fabulous indie streamer, then it is sub-tember and you can get those subscriptions
half off.
So, and every, oh, since we did the switch to video, every OLR is there, every Bobby
black Wolf is there.
Some of the impromptu specials are there.
Like the guys on a dragon con we did last week.
So you can check that out over at twitch.tv slash VOG network.
That's the only time I'm going to hype that though.
Uh, but I have to give that a shout out, um, because you know, there it is.
I also want to shout out dark soccer as cookies that she's holding up on cam.
They were pretty good.
Like, you know, sometimes your friends cook things and you're like, I don't know, but
your cookies are, are your cookies always deliver these, um, this batch is coffee, chocolate
chip.
And I'm like super happy with them.
Yeah.
They turned out even the burned ones are good.
Am I weird?
I like when it's like a little bit burnt, like I like toast a little bit burnt, not
like completely black.
That's gross.
But like, just like a little bit burnt, like that dark brown is my oven, not all the numbers
on it work.
So I have to bake it three 50 for my cookies.
That's just how you do it.
Yeah.
Three 58 minutes.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I have, because my zero doesn't work normally when I want to do three fifties, I do three
51 and automatically adjusted three 50 except now my three isn't working.
So I had to cook at four 10 by hitting four one one to get a little enough temperature
and then keep part of the lid open.
So I had to like keep watching it, see how the cookies were doing and it was a pain in
the tuchus.
Uh, act after reminding us as well with a little plug there, all subs on Twitch are
half off for September.
And if you use the sub timber bit emote, if you are feeling so generous to donate biddies,
it does give 10% more to the streamer.
Yes.
And, um, we, we do put your money back into making VOG better, uh, next on the agenda.
And I'm hoping probably by next week, I couldn't get around to it this week as I started the
new job and everything, but I'm hoping in the next week, I'm looking at getting mic
stands for dark soccer and myself at least.
Um, so that with our mics, because the adjustment noises, I know sometimes can be really bad
when we're picking up mics and putting them down, um, which is just, we've used handheld
mics for the 17 years we've done this show and because keep in mind, I do hosting on
the side too.
So I do a lot of like hosting gigs.
So like I live and breathe handheld mics.
So I realize a lot of podcasters use the ones that are in place, but that we do, we have
a lot of movement too.
So I don't know if the ones that are totally in place are good, but I do have an idea for
like stands that we can kind of grab the stand and you won't have as much of the adjustment
noise.
So that's something proud of me getting things ready for my streaming setup.
I got a pop cover.
I'm going to be even prouder when you start streaming because until you do until you stream,
you are him writing video games, money.
How much money did I just throw into things, mister, by the way, this is on sale at Best
Buy.
You should get it.
And I'm like, damn it.
And I got it.
What did I tell you to buy?
I think it was on the dragon con digital media discord.
I saw some sale and I was like, Oh, dark soccer.
It was the stream deck.
Oh yeah.
I love the thing.
We used to switch all the different scenes.
If I want to run, if I want to run B roll of something, I've got the blue hooked up
right now, the snowball, and I got a pop cover for it because I pop things a few times.
And I know these mics have not been the greatest on that.
So we are trying to make it better, but it's just, you know, little baby steps.
I have done recording with that mic on my iMac.
I need to hook my iMac back up.
I have my gaming rig set up right now.
But, um, you know, the only delay I see after I get everything started is when we pick up,
um, my new, uh, Mac that I'm going to do a boot.
Nice.
Uh, nifty eight Oh five and chat says I'm going to try and farm some bits at Twitch
con.
I want to go to Twitch con so bad, but with having just started the new job, I just, I
don't think I can swing the time.
I'm so sad about it, but Oh, well maybe next year, depending on where they have it.
So anyway, let's get into some gaming news.
We got to, uh, we got to get into it.
So, uh, Tokyo game show happened this past week.
So there was a bit of news that came out of Tokyo game show.
I forgot to ask before the show, Loki to do these.
So I guess I should, cause look, he's going to town on KFC, so I should start as I can
do it.
It's fine.
Oh, you got it.
Okay.
Yes.
Tell us a little bit about what happened to Tokyo game show.
Please.
They showed off games.
They sure did.
There's two big ones.
There's two big ones.
Lots of cosplay.
There's two.
We have some other stuff sprinkled throughout the show, but the two big ones I want to start
off with the two big ones.
Beat me in a 2d X ultimate mobile and sound voltage ultimate.
No, those aren't the ones I actually forgot.
They did have a beat me in a 2d X mobile.
What?
Okay.
Do you want it's, you know what?
I'll take it.
It's better than nothing, which is what I've got.
I did think it was funny though, when they're like showing them playing on the, um, they
did something, I don't remember what it was.
Something was wrong.
But like the first time that they showed the guy playing the game, like just fucking up
all of it.
And it's like, yeah.
For those that don't know, like the roots of our show are in music based video games,
dark soccer, Loki, and I all met playing dance, dance revolution.
So beat mania is like adjacent to that.
So we're always going to make these like tongue in cheek jokes about Konami's music game series.
And when it randomly decides to show up again, well, I shouldn't say randomly because I know
things like sound volt X are still very popular.
You know, I was just a dragon con a couple of weeks ago.
The Tokyo attack brings all those arcade machines and those sound volt X, you know, they're
popular throughout the night.
You don't have to, you beat is hugely popular.
You can get it on my mind.
Is that the one with the round?
Yeah.
Yes.
My mind is really fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well now you can get it on your, your mobile device and they have controllers that you
can buy too.
They had, you know what they put UB on mobile reflect beat had like, I remember having those
in my iPad and they were decent translations, but these actually have physical controllers
now too.
Like 2d X and um, sound voltage.
Okay.
All right.
Cause that'd be weird.
That wasn't what I was planning to talk.
It's all right.
I know.
I appreciate the little aside for our music game loyalists that have been with us throughout
the years.
It's, it's a nice little touch.
I also say I'm super jealous of the dream cast and Sega Saturn bags that they were selling
at Tokyo game show just saying do want and um, uh, uh, uh, Genesis or mega drive controller
neck pillow.
I'm looking, I've been looking at all like just the stuff that they were selling.
And I also want like the mini Nakururu.
So no, one of the big gains, of course they showed off was the font 57 remake and some
cool new things coming out about that.
So, uh, one thing they announced was the classic gameplay options.
So if you don't necessarily like the final fantasy 13, uh, type gameplay, you can actually
do turn-based gameplay with menus and all that fun stuff.
I actually, um, uh, for those that are watching on Twitch, I prepared some B roll tonight.
I had a lot to do it.
So, uh, this is a little bit of the play through that they were doing at, um, and you can,
you can hear a little bit of it, probably bleed over on the podcast as the audio is
very down.
Um, but you can actually, this is part of them actually, and you hear, if you probably
hear them talking, cause this is them actually like doing a live play through.
So they're actually, and I, you know, the trailer was great.
I watched the trailer.
I encourage many of you to watch the trailer, but a trailer is a trailer.
I like this kind of stuff where you're actually seeing the game in progress.
It looks way better.
I've seen this before though.
They did, um, they did, they did do, um, like something really, well, this was also from
Tokyo Game Shows.
You may have just seen it this week.
No, no, no.
There was another one that they did a few months ago that was talking about what the
first mission was going to be like and how the battle system was going to look.
There you go.
Look, see, it's in wait mode.
And now he, now cloud can choose the ability magic or item.
It kind of pops up there.
So a little taste of what it kind of looks like there, which is great.
I love the way this looks like it's it.
I'm in such a weird place with Final Fantasy 7 remake because it looks so fucking good.
Like it just looks like such an evolution of the Final Fantasy engine.
And I'm like, okay with the actionist actiony type stuff because they've kind of mixed it
a little bit with the more traditional like, but I am totally down for them making remaking
six when they, or how about don't remake anything?
Like that's, that was my one hesitation is like, you know, here's the thing.
Yes.
Final Fantasy 7.
I understand a lot of you are attached to it.
It was the Final Fantasy when you were like 12 years old or whatever.
And it's the one you remember the best, but it's like, I just, I would have loved to see
a new game, a new Final Fantasy like this because Final Fantasy 15, like you definitely
see like elements of 15 in this, but you don't really see like, I just would have liked to
see like the evolution of that because let's be real what we're looking at here.
This is just Final Fantasy 15 engine pushed to the next level is what we're looking at,
but it's running out.
So I gotta go back to us life, but, uh, yeah, so, but my, the Final Fantasy 7 remakes looking
sweet.
Like I, despite the fact I'm kind of like, why did they, why did they use all this to
remake seven?
Why can't they just do a 16?
I'm still all about this.
Obviously I'm going to buy it.
Obviously like feelings on the story aside, it just looks like a painting in motion.
Like it's just so gorgeous.
It's so goddamn good looking.
I was in my early twenties when it came out.
I didn't even own a fucking PlayStation and I bought it and I moved out here with 53.5
floppies loaded with nothing but Vincent fan art and Dogenchi.
This is so you.
I'm not even kidding.
And you know what?
I found one of the discs the other day.
I have no way to read it, but I found one, um, some comp or some, uh, co-signs for your
thoughts.
Loki in our chat.
Dark Tetsuya says co-signed with Loki.
I'd love something like that, but for final fantasy six and quest buster says, I'd be
all over a fantasy six remake on this scale too.
Don't get me wrong.
I love final fantasy six and it is weird that they never did the light 3d treatment with
that.
You know, you know what I mean?
Like fantasy three, fantasy four kind of got that 3d remake, but they never did it with
fantasy six, which I thought was a little weird.
Yeah.
Um, but, uh, okay.
They didn't do a pharmacy five either, I guess, but they did those, they did those mobile
ports.
They did the one on the Wii.
They weren't the, the new mobile ports are like the new graphics that were, was that
four that was on the four was on the week.
The best version of Final Fantasy four, in my opinion is the PSP one because it was like
a remade 2d version and it had after years included, it was, it was a really solid package.
Like I would love to see, uh, that game somehow re-released on like PlayStation four or something,
you know, it shouldn't be that hard to emulate a PSP game or just, I know I'm totally sounding
like ignorant when it comes to game making, but I guess maybe I am like recompile it for
the PS4 versus the PlayStation portable.
Like I realized it's not as easy as pushing a button, but I can't imagine it's going to
take vast amounts of resources either.
I don't know.
They've done it before.
You're saying a PlayStation four can emulate a PSP or anyway, that might be tough.
I mean, I go, I get it.
The cell phone can do that.
Like an old ass cell phone could do that, but PlayStation four with its ray tracing
and whatnot, can't handle the sheer power of the PSP.
But I'm ready for final fantasy 16 and I am so here for the fan wank where, and I don't,
I don't know to what extent these rumors were, you know, sourced or whatever, but there was
a big rumor that Naoki Ohshida, who is the producer on Final Fantasy 14, who really saved
that game.
He's the one that came in and turned it into realm reborn and so forth that he was going
to hand off Final Fantasy 14, and he's going to be part of the 16 development team.
And I want that to be true.
So fucking bad.
Like if Yoshida got to make a single player Final Fantasy game, and I just, I know I've
said this a lot on the show, I'm going to say it one more time.
The expansion storylines in Final Fantasy 14, heaven's words, storm blood, and now shadow
bringers are probably some of the best, if not the best, I don't know, Final Fantasy
six is hard to top, but like the best stories in the final fantasy universe.
And because it's an MMO, so few people are going to see them.
And it's, it's a real bummer.
So like if they were to let him do a single player Final Fantasy game, Oh my God.
Oh my God.
All right.
I've digressed completely from the Final Fantasy seven remake topic.
I'm sorry, but I needed to talk about that important sidebar.
So is anyone in here, show of hands, anyone here not interested in the seven remake at
this point?
I had a feeling, dark soccer.
Have you kind of Vincent?
Well, well remember episode one don't care Vincent, but he's not going to be in the first
one.
I don't care.
I will eventually have Vincent.
Okay.
Okay.
And I will get to watch the bitch die.
No, you won't.
Not in episode one.
As I said, eventually, I can't wait for when they like say, guess what?
We're taking, we're, we're taking the storyline in different directions.
She's not going to die this time.
I'll kill the bitch.
I, I will find a way.
I can't wait.
No, I'm putting this out there.
I'm going to put it in the atmosphere and then I can't take it back.
They're going to fucking pull one up because remember what a fucking shock it was when
Eris died in Final Fantasy seven the first time, because you didn't have the internet
and all that stuff as prolific as it is now.
What do you mean a shock?
I was happy.
Well, I know, but for most people, it was a pleasant surprise though for you.
I kind of saw it happening.
What if the gag is this time around, Oh, you re I'm about to be the most hated person on
the internet.
You ready?
This time they're like, we're really going to shock them this time through like a trick.
She's going to survive and Tifa dies.
That doesn't work for the story.
I mean, there's actually no logical reason and I'll put it this way because it was because
she was dead that the whole shit happened with the live stream business.
And Tifa has absolutely nothing to do with the life.
I'm just saying, I'm just waiting.
We have to kill the last survivor of their species because, and it ended up being like
a big story point anyways.
So I just don't see any way around it.
And even so if, if she lives, I'm just gonna, um, head cannon that I locked her in a trunk
and left her at the bottom of the pool.
That's true.
You still get to pick who's in your party.
She is the one woman I will allow to be in a refrigerator.
So are you saying you will be telling Aerith to just go back to the kitchen and not, no,
I'm just going to tell her to just not be around.
All right.
Don't get, don't get in the way of my, uh, Tifa cloud romance, uh, SSJ 100 Matt is saying,
I believe they will do something like that.
Oh, tiger claws saying, I wouldn't be surprised if she lives, it's a remake and the remake
doesn't have to be exactly like the original.
They can take some liberties with it to make it different enough.
I can just see dark soccer getting so angry.
Um, watch me be right though.
Then, uh, uh, uh, a newer name, I don't recognize rep cycled welcome.
Sorry if I mispronounced your name, said she dropped the materia.
So, but that, that doesn't mean it could have been in someone else's pocket.
No, no, I get it.
I, and I get what dark soccer say it like they would have to drastically shift the story
to kill somebody else, you know, but maybe they'll kill Kate Seth.
Would anybody be that upset if it, by the way, cat she, Oh, that's how it's pronounced
all these years.
I've said Kate Seth because it's cultic.
Interesting.
Good to know.
Uh, anyway, uh, just fake us out, making it look like that she's going to live, but instead
they'll go the whole tomb Raider route where she dies horribly.
Pixel Pacas says dark soccer.
I love your head Canon, LOL, uh, Meesh and chat says, I never even got to finish final
fantasy seven and now I don't want to, it's, it's worth it.
It's it's worth a play.
It is.
It's it's a little harder to play the original.
It's so kind of graphic.
I don't know why I hate her.
She was such a fucking stereotype character.
She had the personality of a noodle, but she was my healer.
She existed just for plot, which is kind of the same problem I have with as much as you
know, the mass effect fandom is all about Nylas.
It's the same problem I have with that writing and it pisses me off.
I'm here's the problem I have with final fantasy seven in the fact that, you know, she's dead
is because we have the Phoenix down, which can bring things back to life.
So why is anybody dead?
Anybody at all?
Because actually there's a, there's an explanation for this because you actually don't die.
You never die.
Your characters never die.
They get KO'd like wait for the, it says KO'd your characters or party KO'd.
Everybody's KO'd.
So it's different.
You don't die.
You just get KO'd and Phoenix down revives your KO status.
Fine.
Look it up.
It actually came up on a final fantasy 14 panel because somebody asked a question about
what happens when everybody dies and he did this whole thing where he goes, well, they're
KO'd.
He kind of did this whole like wink.
Nobody really dies except Harshvan.
Uh, anyway, that was their whole thing for explaining why, and what was the game with
Nathan Drake?
Uncharted Uncharted.
Why he can get shot so much and it's because he has a luck meter and so that finally when
his luck runs out, the bullet finally hits him.
Okay.
Before we move on to another game, I wanted to say, uh, Bobby Blackwolf and Chad says,
I mean the Marvel Cinematic Universe does things differently than the comics and everyone
hates and loves them for it.
So I don't, I'm just, I think it is very obvious going back to on topic with Final Fantasy
7 in the trailer, it does seem like characters that were like side characters before seem
to play a much bigger role this time.
They're definitely, and that probably is a nature of the game only being episode one
only being the Midgar part of the story is that they're probably some of these characters
that were more side characters are taking on a bigger role because I mean, otherwise,
you know, like we brought up earlier, you don't have Vincent yet.
You don't have, um, K cat, cat, cat seat, catchy.
You're not going to have that one yet.
You're not going to have, does red 13 show up in bigger?
Yes.
Red 13 is bigger, but you know, it's going to, it's going to be limited on what characters
you have.
So maybe some of these side characters will take a bigger role.
Who knows?
We'll see.
What's the show Tokyo game show?
They show Death Stranding.
They actually have like a long gameplay presentation to show off actually what you do in the game,
which I still don't know what you do.
Well, I, I watched a little bit of the video.
I mean, I didn't watch all 45 minutes, but I did a little bit of hunting and pecking
around the Death Stranding and I grabbed a little bit of footage here.
I like how everything you carry, you can see, well, yeah, it's, that's the interesting thing.
I've always thought it was funny, like in games you would have this gigantic inventory,
but it like just seems to all fit magically in this backpack.
But it really does seem like in this game and Death Stranding, like you see that he's
carrying everything and it seems to affect like his weight and stuff too.
There's a fucking baby in that thing or, you know, the, the fetus thing that's in the trailers
in that thing.
That's why it's like so awkward.
But when you're actually looking at the gameplay footage, you can see there's like an open
world.
So if you're looking at on the footage that they're showing off, the Hideo Kojima is playing,
they're going to a map and they're actually like setting a route.
So they're doing like, I guess you could say a fetch quest type of thing, but like the
delivery quest.
Uh, so you can see like there's this giant map and they're actually like plotting a course
on the map right now that Norman Reedus is going to run and I guess make some type of
like delivery here.
So you can actually kind of see, Oh, okay.
So it's like an open the world type of thing.
And you actually will see him run around a little bit.
Well, hopefully this will just be so you don't have to hold down the damn controller all
the time.
Yeah.
I mean, um, I don't know.
Like again, I've been, believe me, I've been like the first one to say they need to actually
show us what this fucking game is.
And so you, cause we've had like what three years worth of just like cinematic teases
and shit.
Right.
So I'm very happy that now what we're like two months from the game's release at this
point, but we're finally getting to see like, okay, here's what the game looks like in motion.
And I think they did, they did 45 minutes one day, they did like another 20 minutes
another day.
So you, you can get a full sense of like what the game actually kind of looks like, like
as you're playing it now.
He did, they just did a little thing that like was scanning the terrain too.
I just saw that kind of remind me of no man's sky when you go like you're scanning for different
materials.
So I thought that was kind of interesting.
So anyway, um, uh, rep cycled in our chat says it does seem like he's a courier.
Yeah.
I think that was part of the story.
Oh, did they just, did they do the part where he changed his hat?
So of course there's fashion accessories and things like that too, because you know
there is, um, let's see, Misha in our chat says, by the time this game comes out, I'm
not even sure I'll want it cause they're beating the source till it dies.
So much talking about it.
They're talking about this more than cyberpunk 2077 and we still don't know what this fucking
game is about.
Well, at least we finally learned a little more this week.
Like I feel a little better after this week, but I do agree.
It's been three years of like hype, but at the same time it is Hideo Kojima.
So a little bit of hype is to be expected, but um, yeah, I'm just excited that this game
is like finally about to come out and now I won't just get to see professionals like
Kojima playing it.
I'll get to watch people on Twitch play it and make a decision from there.
I haven't decided if I want to buy this day one or not.
I kind of think I do, but I'm not sure yet.
So it looks interesting.
Yeah, it does.
It looks like, and especially like, you know, with games like breath of the wild and stuff
being all the rage where like open world stuff is so like, I feel like there's going to be
a lot to do and a lot to explore and so we'll see.
But creepy silent hill creatures though.
Yes.
Yes.
Creepy shit and ghost babies and ghost babies.
Creepy shit and ghost babies.
Hashtag.
Um, let's see.
Questbuster in chat says there are some combat bits in the first day footage, but they're
later and they admittedly don't look bad, especially the part that submerges you in
black ink and then makes you fight a weird lion with tentacles.
Hmm.
Uh, Kaijuto in chat says I won't buy it.
It looks awful and too weird.
No, it is.
It is a little out there.
It's not going to be for everybody's tastes.
That's for sure.
So, all right.
Me.
Me should chat says, all I know is you can pee on mushrooms to make them grow and you
carry a baby.
Did you see there was a little and you can drink monster.
There was a clip on Twitter.
I saw there was a gift that somebody took of like Norman Reedus's character because
like what they did is they zoomed in on his crotch and the Norman Reedus character like
goes like this, like bumps the camera up and then punches the person in the face for
like staring at his crotch.
And I don't know, like some people were saying, is this homophobia question mark question
mark.
But because, especially because you compare that to quiet in metal gear solid five, which
does not react the same way.
I don't, it's a gift.
I haven't seen it in full context, so I'm not willing to hedge my bets on one side of
the fence or the other.
I do think it's interesting that a character is finally going to fight back for being sexualized
in a video game by the in game camera.
But yeah, that's a little breaking the fourth wall there a little bit.
So I just, I want to see the context before I say, Oh, this is bad or this is good.
But I thought it was interesting that a character finally kind of does something about that.
Come on.
Y'all have done it.
You've zoomed in on the crotch and the character creator mode or the or the boobies or the
butt or something.
Never, never, ever.
I'm not really interested in any of it.
All right.
Well, fair.
I want my character to like look a specific way when I make one.
So although I do think that the Conan one was just hilarious.
Questmaster says the combat stuff resembles what we've seen in ground zeros and Phantom
pain a bit.
And dark to see you says it, that footage is in part of day two when they're talking
about the safe house.
So I guess I could see more context of that outside the gift if I want to.
So those are two of the big games we've got huge updates on fantasy seven remake and death
stranding.
So, um, yeah, cause the Nintendo direct was last week.
We talked all about that.
Yeah.
Would you have a little more on Nintendo?
We'll get to that a little later in the show.
I'm sure you see it over there on the sidebar, but first before we get into all that, we're
gonna talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week.
Uh, so dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I simmed, I've decided to now that I actually got the new expansion, the magic, whatever
they called it.
I don't remember the name of it, but it just has magic.
So I'm going to make a special, I'm inspired by the show called being human, which I didn't
watch the U S one.
I watched a little bit.
It was shitty, but the British one was great.
And on the British show, it's a vampire or werewolf and a ghost that all live in a flat
together.
Um, it's really a lot more serious than that, but, um, I'm going to have a vampire, a witch
and a ghost live in a house together and it's going to be amazing.
Do do do do snap, snap, do do do do do.
Well, I've already decided cause I have the cheats ready to do the ghost the way I want
them to.
Cause you know, whenever you have a ghost in the Sims, what they do to the household
depends on how they died.
I have decided that I am going to have one die by and no drowning is no, I'm going to
have one die in the sauna because if they die of relaxation, they actually absorb puddles.
So I won't have to do like any puddle cleaning when the toilet breaks, I'm planning ahead.
This is you.
This is dark.
This is very dark.
Well, I also, one of my favorite Halloween, one of my favorite YouTubers is, um, James
from the Sims supply.
He's just really fun to watch, but I watched a video that I had, I'd seen it and I passed
it and passed and passed over, but he did one about how Sims die and I was like, Oh,
Oh, ideas.
And so I'm gonna, it's probably, what's going to be my first series of streaming when I
get going is making my Sim family and cheating the fuck out of it and building their house
and doing all of that.
So y'all get to watch me some stuff until a particular dating Sim comes out that I already
have on my wishlist on steam.
It's free.
Sounds good.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a Borderlands three this week, so yeah, I forgot that actually came out.
So I played a little bit of that.
Um, so I'm playing as, uh, Zane and it's a good sport lens.
What are you playing on a PC or console or what?
PC.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Oh, so you ponied up the money for the Epic store.
I know.
And I did the, uh, special edition with the, um, the DLC.
I know some people, some people still not happy with the Epic thing.
In fact, uh, Bobby referred to it on his show as the six month beta test on PC.
Well, I get it.
They don't, they don't have the prepaid cards like steam does, and it's a deal breaker for
me too, honestly.
But I would just get Borderlands three on console.
Um, but they don't have the prepaid cards and I don't kind of don't trust Epic with
my credit card because Epic's been hacked already.
Like I've, I've had my account hacked on there and it's like, I don't exactly like, I'm not
an idiot when it comes to password security.
So, and I don't think Epic has two FA don't have anything I care about.
Well, I, I would actually love to get, um, Tetris effect on PC.
I think I would double dip on that game just cause I'm crazy.
Um, especially if they do like a, but yeah, like the number one thing Epic needs to get
on is having those prepaid cards so that I don't have to give them my credit card number
like or can you do PayPal yet?
You can do PayPal.
I might, I might be okay with that because then it's going through third party.
The thing is about the PayPal stuff though is it seems to just, once you've authorized
it, it just goes through without having to put your password in, which I don't necessarily
like, but that could be a PayPal thing.
Um, and Bobby in chat says they do have two factor authentication.
I didn't realize that.
So that'll, that's on me.
I do try to do two FA on everything and I really encourage you guys to as well.
If you have a cell phone, get that two factor auth, especially on the two most important
things, your email account and your banking.
Get those locked down because those are the things you can never have hacked.
Uh, Bobby says, I trust them less with my PayPal because it goes directly from my bank.
Yeah, but don't, wouldn't you have to like log into PayPal every time to do it.
So it's not, you know, this time, no, it just, it, it just does it.
Oh, okay.
I don't like that.
I thought you had to log it.
Like it's, it's like, uh, when I've paid some bills on like, okay, so like the way I used
to pay for VOG, when it was a radio feed, I would go to PayPal, like I would go to their
site, it would be a link.
It would send me to PayPal.
I log into PayPal.
And then when I pay, PayPal sends a message back saying, Rob paid this much money.
So it's not like that.
It's like built in.
So you're, cause that was like, you felt like you were going through a third party
completely does the same thing.
Oh, interesting.
I have to say that I've set up my Apple card on a few things now because, um, all number
one, my card doesn't have a number that's public.
Um, so anything that's been taking, um, Apple pay, I've been able to do everything through
Apple pay.
Yeah, but I still feel like Apple card, MasterCard, Visa, either way, you're putting
yourself at risk.
Nope.
But the other thing on it too, is that if you have, you know, with an iPhone, your control
of the card goes into your iPhone, you get an immediate notice anytime there's a
transaction down to subscription transactions.
To be fair, my, I don't want to plug my bank cause they're not paying me to, um, but my
bank will also send me an alert that I can set.
If it's over X amount of dollars, it will send a push message to my phone.
So there's a site, my bank will do that too.
I just like that for anything.
So there's a site out there.
Um, wait, hold on.
Well, and on top of that, I get, um, it'll actually divide up my transactions based on
what type of transaction it was.
So it also is like budgeting and the usual stuff.
I don't mind getting money back, but not that I'm doing an advertisement for it, but I've
found the security has been really top notch on it.
You're not the only one I've heard that cause that's like a new thing that was just in the
past two or three weeks.
And my card is like legit titanium.
I've, I've heard it's metal.
You're not the only one I've heard kind of dipping their finger in the waters of
that, you know, kind of new, new thing.
So, um, you want to add, I was going to say they have a site called privacy.com that you
can set up virtual credit cards with certain limits on them so you can actually add money
to them.
So for example, say you want to do, you know, trials at different, I don't think you want
to put that on cam.
Oh yeah, that's right.
They don't have a number.
Okay.
You, you better think extra care.
All right.
All right.
There you go.
Okay.
I was, I would never put that on cam, but all right.
Yeah, no, they, they, they're sleek looking.
Things, which is very typical of Apple, but you know, anyway.
Um, let's see what I want to say.
Uh, but did you do, uh, Bobby?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Actually this, uh, rip cycle had this other good comment here.
I thought it was, um, worth noting is that, um, my bank gets spooked by repeated
transactions.
Wish they had a cart.
I forgot about that too.
Epic game store.
Does it like you have to keep buying one at a time, basically.
Yeah.
You can't just put everything in a cart.
That seems very silly.
So anyway, um, what else do we want to talk about with your gaming week?
Loki.
Oh, I worked, I worked on my stuff as well.
So I worked on my game and then, uh, pizza's fine.
Uh, but so I worked on that and they played a little Pokemon go.
That's pretty much it, but I had to take a break for border lands
because you know, it's for Lance.
I'm hearing there was a comment or something I saw on Twitter that
they've gearbox has commented that it's doing very well.
They're very happy with how, you know, despite this fact that some
people are, you know, a little huffy about the lack of availability
anywhere else on PC, but the Epic store, it seems to be doing very well.
And again, like I, if I decide to get in on it, I'll just get it on console.
Fine.
Because, you know, it's just like any of the other border land stuff, you know,
they'll, it'll go on a deep discount sometime in the future during a steam
sale, just buy it again, buy it again on the PlayStation story.
It's fine.
And whatever, you know, I'm fine with it.
Um, Bobby's telling us about the, the review.
And I heard about this too.
I thought this was weird.
One of the interesting things that two K did with border lands three is that
they're not providing an Epic store code.
They were providing a separate account with the game.
Yeah.
And apparently had really early builds on it, which is stupid because, and
then they, they were telling people not to mention certain bugs in the
game because those are going to be fixed.
So then they gives you the impression of, well, it's like, well, I don't
know which bugs I can mention, you know, it could be just something that
they're going to fix and, and then it just kind of skews her.
I wouldn't have played along with that.
I would've said I ran across these bugs, but they said that some of
these will be fixed by launch.
So we'll, we'll update our review at launch.
Like, I really wish reviewers would not play into those hands.
But yeah, I, there's nothing I can do about that.
So, all right.
Anyway, that's it for your game week.
Um, I was, I was out for training for my new job all week.
So I didn't, I wasn't really at home game to play a lot of stuff, but I've been
continuing to play world of Warcraft classic.
Um, I caught my priest up to level 14, which is like the equivalent of like
end game in a lot of MMOs today.
It takes a lot of work.
So I've been playing that I've also been playing ironically, final fantasy
14, uh, still playing that, uh, taking my, um, gunbreaker up a few more levels.
I'm almost a level 70 on my gunbreaker.
That's a lot of fun to play as a tank actually.
Um, otherwise I had my switch with me.
I could not get on the hotel wifi, which really bothered me because I wanted to
work on my Diablo three seasonal character on switch because for the first time I'm
finally playing a necromancer because after all this time, I still don't have
necromancer on the PC and as much as I love Diablo three, do you guys remember I
said I wasn't going to get it because I was pissed off that they didn't do a legit
expansion and they were just like, it was a money grab, so I never bought it.
And to this day I still haven't, but when I did get the switch version, so yes, I
bought another version, so maybe I'm not really helping, but when I bought the
switch version, which I still enjoy that version, it did come with the necromancer
just kind of like built in.
So that's, that was my first chance.
Finally getting to play that class, uh, in three anyway, as opposed to two.
So, um, yeah, but sadly the hotel internet didn't work, so I couldn't do very much
with that.
Um, but I was still able to play some Mario maker and some of the super Nintendo
catalog because you know, all those games came out.
Uh, and yeah, so that was, that was otherwise not a lot of new stuff this
week, but hopefully we'll get on that, uh, in the coming week.
Cause now I'll be at home this week and can jump in on some new games.
Um, I w that's, and if you wondered why I haven't been streaming at all last week,
that's why I w I haven't been home.
So, um, I did, I will mention quickly earlier today, I did go out for Pokemon
community day.
Um, I haven't really been playing Pokemon go a lot at all, but I did today.
I caught like maybe nine shiny turtwigs and I was that today.
Yeah, it was today, uh, from 11 to two this morning.
And I, there was still a lot of people at Capitol.
It's still very popular.
Um, I hatched a shiny Tauros, which, oh yeah, I forgot.
There's like a million shinies in the game all of a sudden.
So I hatched a shiny Tauros and I also hatched a shiny Igglybuff, which I would
have never known was a shiny if it didn't show that little icon.
Cause I swear to God, it looks exactly the same, but yeah, I had, I, I had a shiny
day that even Shane can be proud of.
That was like three different, uh, new Pokemon going in the shiny decks today.
So that was fun.
So, uh, yeah, uh, played a little bit of that.
Um, oh, I guess I can mention the Ingress thing I did yesterday.
Um, I don't talk a lot about Ingress on this show, but I did go to the, they did
a, what's called a field test.
Uh, hex hexathlon was the event they did yesterday.
So, um, myself and one of my Ingress buddies drove over to Santa Clara, uh, to
the university there.
And yes, I know MagWest was right there and I didn't go and I really wanted to,
but I was really only there for a few hours.
We went there, did the thing and came right back.
Um, I just, MagWest is always just, the timing is so terrible.
I feel bad.
But anyway, so we went to Santa Clara.
It was at the university there, which is really pretty.
Um, and, uh, basically you had to do these different events in an hour and a half.
So you had an hour and a half to hack as many portals as you can get as many
glyph points as you can walk as many kilometers as you can deploy as many
resonators as you can and hack artifacts from certain marked portals.
And if you got in the top 10% of a certain category, you got a special metal.
So you got an elite metal.
Well, the really cool thing, finally, in Ingress, you actually could see
your results in real time.
So you could hit a button within the scanner.
It would take you to a separate page cause they've done some new stuff in prime.
They're really trying to, as, as much as the player base has really been
resisting prime, they've been trying to add some new stuff to make it more
attractive.
So one of them was he could go right to this leaderboard and you could see how
you were doing every five minutes.
And within the first 30 minutes of the event, I was like, Oh my God, I'm in the
elite for every single category and number one for glyph app points.
So I just kept, I just kept pushing for the whole thing I would have.
And, uh, I ended up in the elite top 10% in every single category and number one
overall in glyph act points out of 210 registered people.
Nice.
So I was, yeah, it was pretty exciting.
So that was my super nerdy Ingress day.
But, um, I haven't been so fond on Ingress this whole week, cause I
should say something about this.
So they're doing these big anomalies, these live events.
They decided to, with a month's notice, spring it on people that, Oh, um, if you
want a badge for doing the anomaly, you're going to have to pay $13 for the badge,
which for years it's been free.
Like I understand they have to make money and that game is not making nearly the
same levels of money that Pokemon Go and Harry Potter probably are.
But to spring that on your player base, when mostly volunteers are organizing
these events for you with one month's notice is fucking tacky.
I'm sorry.
Like if they wanted to announce earlier this week that in 2020, this was going to
be the new design, then fine.
Then people can decide before they agree to, you know, volunteer and do all this
stuff, they at least will know what the rules are.
But to spring it with a month's notice when the planning started, like probably
five months ago, that was really shitty.
To be fair, they've gone back on it a little bit, but they're still being kind
of stingy when it comes to what they call offsite support.
So sometimes like, um, because there's so many people on the ground, they need
people to watch what's happening on their desktop on Intel and basically tell people
over walkie talkies, okay, ground team two, go to this portal ground team one.
So that's operations, right?
So, um, th those people have always gotten badges because they're, they're working
just as hard.
They're playing the game too.
They're just playing it in a different way.
Right?
Right.
They've decided and they've drawn a hard line there.
If those people want a badge, they have to pay money for it.
So I, I just thought that was a little shitty and Niantic needs to work on their
communications.
Cause that was junky.
Um, but then I went and did the hexathlon anyway.
So, but at least I can say, Hey, I know what I'm talking about with this game.
Cause I performed very well in that hexathlon.
So anyway, uh, that's enough about that game.
Let's get back into some more gaming news.
Cause there's been a lot of gaming news this week to get into not just Tokyo game
show, but other stuff around the world, literally the world, right?
Loki.
Yes, the world and the world's, uh, game here.
So the Olympics, of course, it's been talked about for a while that, you know,
they've been trying to get e-sports into the Olympics.
Um, and now we may be a little bit closer.
So originally, um, there was talks about getting e-sports into the 2020 summer
Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Uh, but apparently they're going to have a half a million dollar gaming tournament
hosted with Intel during the lead up to the Olympics.
So it's kind of close, I guess.
Um, they're saying they're going to have online qualifiers, which will be held to
fill out national teams of participating countries.
And then, um, the qualifying events going to be planned in June in Poland, and it's
going to decide who will move on to the official competition in Japan.
And then apparently they're going to, I guess, have this, uh, music hall that
they're going to do this in.
So right before like the start date, um, it's interesting that they're kind of
doing it and coincide with it.
I don't know if it's necessarily going to be something that's going to push them to
put it, make it officially in there.
But I think that wasn't this year that they're adding like a bunch of new, like,
like I want to say like skateboarding.
They do add new events every few years and they take events away too.
I want to say they got rid of something relatively popular and it
was getting heat for it.
Um, I don't want to speak out of turn, but I feel like it was like women's
baseball or something that they got rid of, that they got a lot of shit for.
Please correct me if I'm wrong in chat.
I'm sorry, I don't have the notes in front of me, but I feel like there was
some sport they got rid of that they're getting shit for.
So then they add sports.
So some of these like X games kind of stuff as you know, generation X has
grown up with those types of sports or what, what was it?
Uh, California games was really where all those remember that?
Remember that from the eighties, California games?
Yeah.
Um, I actually Olympic hacky sack against the Olympic hack.
I know a guy that worked on the programming for that game.
I really want to get him on the show at some point.
So we'll, we'll do that in the future though.
He actually was a writer on California games.
So I, anyway, we'll do that in the future.
But anyway, um, but yeah, like all those games.
So I, but it's like skateboarding and stuff.
So that's showing up in the Olympics now.
So they do badminton, I think was a sport they were going to add at some point too.
That's not in there already.
I thought, I thought that was the thing I was hearing.
I don't know if somebody in chat knows, but surprised.
Okay.
Bobby says they got rid of softball and baseball.
They got rid of softball women and base.
So they actually got rid of men's baseball, but they are bringing it back.
Apparently they're bringing back base.
I was going to say you can't have the Tokyo 2020 Olympics without baseball.
I mean, that's, and apparently badminton has been a sport for ages.
I'm sorry.
I can't remember what I was like, I was like, it's like, it's, if it's not a part
of the Olympics now, it's never going to be bad men.
That's super old.
Let's make lawn darts.
Lawn darts is part of a, it will be Olympics.
So I'm sorry, I might've missed it.
Did they say what games are going to be?
I mean, it makes sense that like with the Olympic games being in Tokyo, Japan
is very well known for being part of the video game industry.
So a lot of this makes sense that like, this is the, well, the two that they
were going to do, so they had street fighter five and rocket league as, um, so
each one of those is going to get a quarter million dollar prize pool.
Um, those are the two that they mentioned.
They were saying though, that apparently in the 2022 Asian, Asian games, um, there
was, they also had, um, competitions regarding league, league of legends,
Hearthstone, Starcraft two, among others.
So I don't know that it is tough.
Like, how would you pick which game that you play?
I mean, cause it would be changing almost.
I would imagine each time you go to the Olympics, they're talking like, you
know, several years in between.
Okay.
For what it's worth.
Um, I'm reading a Wikipedia article cause you know, that's the, that's
the source of all the information, but Hey, it's where you go when
you want to know stuff too.
It says in 2013, IOC leaders voted to drop wrestling from the
core program for the 2020 games.
And then that was surprising.
Um, but then later in 2013 in may, it says three of the eight sports under
consideration made the final shortlist, baseball, softball, squash, and wrestling.
Uh, the other five sports were rejected at this point.
Uh, karate, roller sports, sport, climate climbing, wakeboarding, and wushu.
Um, so roller sports, I'm sorry.
Wrestling was chosen to be included.
My bad.
So that was added for 2020 and 2024, but this is like.
Wrestling wrestling, not WWE wrestling.
There is a huge difference just so we're clear.
Well, yeah, this is, this is very different.
This is like, like high school wrestling.
Okay.
Um, so let's see, uh, the games are now an event based program
rather than sport gate based.
That's kind of interesting.
So, um, a list of eight sports was unveiled consisting of baseball, softball,
bowling, karate, roller sports, sport, climbing, squash, surfing, and wushu.
Um, interesting.
Hmm.
I still, I'm still, I wish I, there was just a fricking chart that said, added
these games, removed these games.
That would be a much easier for me to try to look through.
Maybe it's on this Olympic sport.
I'm trying to look, buy me time help.
Um, hi, but video games aren't there.
It's Mario and Sonic.
Oh, they're going to play discontinued sports.
There is a, okay.
I found the list discontinued rugby at one point was cricket.
No longer any limits, equestrian and vaulting.
Um, interesting.
So there is, there's an article on Olympic sports that I guess you can, uh, look up
if you want to know more information on that, um, but I guess there's a
look up if you want to know more information on that.
So, uh, SG 100, Matt says the hosting country gets more sway in terms
of what sports are at the Olympics.
When London got the Olympics, the EU voted out baseball because
it's not that popular there.
Since then the MLB pushed hard to get the games in Europe to
get it back in the Olympics.
Oh, interesting.
Um, Bobby also points out the IOC didn't want any e-sports
games that involved killing.
So no league of legends or counter-strike.
Oh, that's very interesting.
But I mean, even somebody else in chat said like rocket league makes a hell of a
lot of sense as like that game to push this discussion of sports, you know, video
games as an Olympic sport forward, like street fighter, even I have to admit.
Like I, and don't get me wrong.
I love street fighter.
I love street fighter two, I love street fighter four.
Street fighter five is okay.
But I, you know, but I like rocket league.
That one's really going to get people to go, okay.
It's like a little mix of all these different games.
It's not violent.
It's family friendly.
It's a good, it's a good barometer to see how video games can do in the Olympics.
Sure.
Anyways, anyway, so it's still an exhibition of sorts.
It's kind of something running side by side, but who knows, maybe in the future,
I still remember years ago on this show, maybe leading up to the 2004 Olympics, we
were talking about dance, dance revolution becoming an Olympic sport because didn't
one of those Nordic countries, um, decide to recognize DDR as a sport.
And I remember that was a whole discussion in one of the early episodes of OLR.
One of the, I don't even remember which country it was in Switzerland or
something like that, like actually, uh, recognized as a sport.
So anyway, cause you don't chat says in fencing, you pretend to stab a person.
That's in the Olympics.
I remember playing fencing in summer games too, by epics.
The, uh, you know, the, the, the precursor in many ways to, uh, California games,
there was summer games, there was winter games or some games too.
Fencing was in that and it was a lot of fun.
And then, do you know, when I saw fencing again in, uh, that James Bond movie with
Madonna, cause she was the fencing instructor.
Oh, that's right.
Cause so, so fencing is a very James Bond type of thing to me, like fencing, we're
going to go down to the yacht club and do some fencing today, posh posh, like it's
just, it's something posh by does in her spare time, it's not something for normal
people.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
Uh, let's talk about, let's talk about that Nintendo fitness, right?
Remember last week we saw the band, right?
So we saw that whole fitness device and this week we got a little more information
on what it is.
You know, I, you know what I started calling it because it's a device and you
can strap it onto your leg.
I've been calling it the Nintendo strap on.
So of course you have, can I, can I continue to call it that for the purposes
of this show?
Well, y'all know what I'm talking about.
If I talk about the Nintendo strap on.
Okay.
All right.
So anyway, uh, so the Nintendo's new fitness game was unveiled and the game is
going to be called ring fit adventure.
You strap on the joy con onto your leg and then you use the ring thing.
And then there's a whole little trail trailer that actually showed it's kind of
like a legit RPG.
And it makes me think of, do you remember in the three DS, how those me pass the
street pass games and there was the one, Oh, dark soccer helped me out here.
Cause you and I used to trade me's all the time.
And it was that adventure game where you would, you were saving.
Yeah.
And you like had different like abilities as you level through it.
And like depending on the colors of the shirts that people were wearing and they
were black all the time.
Yes, exactly.
Find me.
Thank you.
Thank you chat.
So, uh, find me, uh, was the, uh, uh, name of that game.
It kind of, I don't know, like with the arts on everything kind of reminded me
that, although obviously there's a little more to it.
Cause find me was very, very basic.
It was super basic, but let's talk a little bit before we talk about the game,
about the presentation, because what was up with that creepy ass dude?
Like fucking just like channeling Dennis from it's always sunny.
I swear to God, was she in danger?
Cause it looked like she was in danger.
It was getting his Jewish, like, what can you do?
All right.
Um, anyway, so if you want to move your character, you can actually jog or walk.
And then the ring con is what it's called.
So, you know, that looks like a little like hula hoop type of thing.
I don't know the ring con, uh, you actually interact with objects.
So you don't fight battles with magic, but you might do squats in
order to do cast a magic spell.
So it's, you know, it's gamifying exercise.
Well, when I saw that they were doing that, it's like, uh, doing like a bow
and arrow, like you pulled it back like a, a bow that was kind of cool.
So anyway, uh, so if you want your Nintendo ring con and strap
on, uh, it goes on sale on October 18th is the big day, $80.
Um, I don't know.
I might get it.
I'm all about like extra fit exercise gaming type of stuff.
Like why not?
What's another one?
Why not?
I got, we fit and all that stuff.
What's another one.
Yes.
I'm going to buy, I'm going to buy the Nintendo strap on.
Whereas it looks like an idiot.
I just don't want to buy more peripherals for the goddamn switch.
I have like, I have you buy the cardboard ship for your kids and we
haven't used it in like months.
It was a waste of money.
Why did I even buy that crap?
Cause you wanted to see VR.
It was fun to build it, but like it was like in the VR is okay, but
it's such a like minimal thing.
It's just, I don't know.
There's like not really much to it.
And it takes up a ton of fucking space.
Uh, so look, folks in chat are, are, are hype.
SSU 100 Matt says my girlfriend and I have already decided to go halves on this.
Bobby Black Wolf said my wife already has this pre-ordered
along with buying another doc.
I remember this cause they have like a fitness type area.
So, so wife gets a doc.
I'm going to tell you right now, I'm just going to wait for these to be
like piled up in Goodwill at some point because good, not going to
happen for a little bit because, because you know that Nintendo and
hardware is always a losing proposition.
So these things are going to be scarce on shelves because Nintendo
never makes enough of these things.
And the strap-ons are going to be in huge demand because that is what
happens when Nintendo products, every single goddamn time they
come out there on that shelf.
It's a piece of the audience is like, Oh, Nintendo, it's so beautiful.
You've put out another device.
I have to own it.
Nintendo could go out there wearing a fucking strap on and
the people would still buy it.
I'm probably not going to get that or many new games.
I'll be honest, other than the ones that are on my list, cause I do
have a unhealthy backlog and legit, a room full of games I'm not playing.
And I have DDR for a bunch of things.
If I want to exercise while I'm playing, I've got other things.
So sort of like, it's just the money grab.
I need something to encourage me to do sit-ups.
And since I can't like dark soccer, doesn't call me on a regular
basis to go wrap sit-ups.
So I saw this because I'm in a few different DDR communities
in Facebook and they have one for our, you know, if you own arcade
cabinets, um, and someone took one of their DDR cabinets, because
now MAME does support DDR and it runs at a full speed.
So they have, um, Hyper spin on it.
The front end that I was using for my, um, MAME cabinets and stuff like
that to select all the different official versions of DDR to play
them on your cabinet, using everything and step mania.
I'm like, Ooh, I'm doing that.
I'm doing that.
Okay.
So you've got, that's true.
You have a DDR machine in your house.
You've got your fitness routine down pat.
I don't, you know, we have a gym membership.
I was using until I decided to like, okay, like here's what every time I
saw like the footage that they're showing while it looks neat and stuff.
It reminds me of like the connect fitness games that they have or the
connect adventures type thing.
And it's going to be fun for a while and you're going to get bored
with it really fast is what I think.
And then you're stuck with this fucking peripheral that doesn't
do anything in any other game.
And that's my worry.
So that's why I'm just going to wait for the deep discount because people
are going to get bored with it really fast and then I'll pick it up.
And I just, I do want to send my love to those in the chat room.
They got my reference.
Nintendo, your smile is beautiful.
Did you stone that ring?
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on.
Meanwhile, Loki's like, I don't get it.
I don't.
It's fine.
That's all right.
Some things you don't have to.
Sometimes I speak a language that you can't hear and it's okay.
Anyway, moving on dark soccer.
Why don't you bring down the mood?
How about some game stop?
I know people like to call it the evil G, but man, they are suffering.
So, um, yeah, they're planning on closing about 180 to 200 poorly performing stores
by the end of the fiscal year and that's added to the 195 stores that already closed.
Um, this, uh, was announced during an earnings conference call.
There's no list of which stores are included in that right now.
They have over 5,700 stores in 14 countries.
Um, they said that basically, um, they're expecting that a lot of their, uh, in, in
store sales to fall, uh, like a five to 10% dip in earnings.
And, uh, it's pretty much looking like they are, they're on their way out.
They've lost over 415 million in their last quarter.
You need to carry less vinyl figures because there's a lot of like over a
hundred dollar vinyl figures in those stores and no kids size shirts, not the
pop fakes.
Those are fine because those are like cheap.
I'm talking like the Japanese anime, like busty, scantily clad, like figures that
they have there that are just cluttering.
I usually don't notice those, but yeah.
Um, but like they don't have kids size shirts, which seems like a big mistake to
me because you have kids going into the store buying stuff.
You have Ryan's world toys there, but you don't have like kids size t-shirts.
It's all adult size t-shirts, which is really weird.
Here's the thing.
I don't want to like shit on GameStop too much because the people that are really
being impacted by this and the stores closing are those retail workers.
Most of them making minimum wage and most of them pretty decent kids and adults
trying to just make some bucks.
Now, if you're one of those people that uses your GameStop job to go on a power
trip, as I think we've all run into that employee once in a while, then, you know,
buy, buy bitch, you know, but for the most, I would say a good 96% of people that
are working in the stores are just trying to make an honest living.
And for them, I feel bad and I don't want to bring on the snark too much, but I do
feel like a lot of us are sitting here going, well, we've kind of seen this
coming because GameStops are everywhere.
They are a bit saturated.
It's the same thing that happened with Subway.
They had a massive expansion and then a whole bunch of markets shifted over and
like Subway had this thing where they had like in some places, almost like how
Starbucks is spread out.
And but because they were all franchise stores, they weren't getting enough money
to keep one of them open yet.
They still had to pay their franchise fees.
But GameStop, I mean, it is corporate owned and all that, too.
But they did expand, I think, way too quickly for where the market was headed.
They did also put a statement on here that more people are turning to digital
outlets to buy. And so to compete, they're doing a new web platform with a buy
online pickup in store option.
Oh, yeah, because that that has worked out really well for Target.
They say they say Target does the same thing.
Yeah. Target had a really good quarter.
And they say that that type of stuff, like the app buying and picking up and that
stuff is doing like really good.
Sometimes their prices are cheaper online than they are in the store, which doesn't
make any goddamn sense.
But it's a promotion thing.
They're trying to push the usage of it.
Well, also, though, even though I'm trying not to give Amazon any more business, Amazon
recently had this thing where if you purchase something that you want to return, you can
actually return it to a Kohl's.
Oh, yeah, I heard about that. I did that just the other day and then Kohl's gave me a
coupon. I'm like, I will buy another stir fry pan that I don't need and then get they
give me like a 25 percent off coupon.
It was weird. So anyway, I hope the people that are going to be losing jobs over this,
like hopefully they're able to shuffle workers around, like maybe there's some seasonal
stuff and with school, maybe they can minimize some of that.
But I'm going to be honest, like where's the executive job loss to match?
I know they know they have the stuff for the magazine and there was something like where
the decision makers that made these shitty decisions, where are they at, though?
This takes me to another point about it, and it's going to come up again because I'm going
to bring up a point in another story that a friend came across to me.
But the problem is, is that a lot of times the companies are going to use this as an
excuse to try to guilt people into loyalty to the business because, oh, but our
employees are going to lose out on this.
Don't you care about the minimum wage workers when in reality we need to hold these big
businesses accountable for their treatment of their employees?
Like what's going on with well, this is what my beef is with the Amazon, with how they're
cutting health benefits to their part time employees at Whole Foods.
You know, this is I have a big problem with just the looser regulations are and the
terrible lack of ethics in a lot of these companies.
And it's all going back.
It's affecting their minimum wage workers.
It's affecting the people who are at the bottom of the food chain.
But even though we may feel sorry for them, we have to hold the people in power
accountable, make them hurt so that they because the companies that are most successful
that make the best money are the ones who invest in their employees.
Well, the government should provide health care for everyone, but that's sorry tangent.
Well, the government also needs to employ more energy efficient light bulbs.
Anyway, topic change, but I will point out in chat some of the other comments here, some
folks talking about how She-Hulk says they should have cut back a long time ago as the
talk of the ThinkGeek merger came up.
And I know we've talked about that GameStop has kind of evolved their stores a little
bit because they have seen the digital, you know what that's doing to the more physical
game sales and that whole thing.
So we've seen that they try to put more merchandise in their stores such as, I guess,
the vinyl. They have all sorts of stuff in their T-shirts and they do have they have a
ton of T-shirts and a lot of them are kind of cool.
I just wish they weren't polyester.
But I mean, they're like neat.
It's becoming more like hot topic every day.
But they also have a lot of garbage in there.
It's like I just don't like I was looking for Xbox One controllers the other day and I
couldn't find any, which was weird.
I'm assuming they're all behind the counter, though, but it's just I don't know.
They have like a section for like classic gaming.
It's such a pitiful looking thing.
It's like a few cartridges and stuff for the Super Nintendo and like a couple of Genesis
things and like a PlayStation one game.
It's like, why even have that here?
There's like nothing in it.
Let me read one more comment here and then we'll move on.
Questbuster in chat says their stock shot up earlier this year on news that they were
looking for a buyer.
But when no one stepped up, their stock tanked and kept declining since then.
So we'll see if if, you know, we'll see.
We'll see where it goes from here.
But it's it's it's not looking good right now.
But, you know, who knows?
Sometimes I'm trying to think of companies that have had like a success when they scaled
way back and then they kind of started to find their way again.
Well, I mean, I don't know if this is the best example, but like they say Toys R Us
is going to make a comeback like that now instead of being these giant stores, Toys
R Us are going to be more like boutique type of things like KB.
Yes, I know.
Funny, right?
And I guess that is where their strategical direction is.
But we'll see.
I'm trying to think of other like big companies, big, big companies that scaled way back and
have done well as a result.
I don't know, maybe somebody in chat knows, but anyway, let's move on.
I don't want to kill too much time because we have lots more news to cover.
So, Loki, why don't you go to our next story?
Yeah, so let's talk about Apple Arcade.
So they arcade they have happy about that.
The service is launching September 19th for $4.99 a month and you get access to more than
100 games.
It's cheaper.
And I thought it would be.
That's for sure.
They had some games that they're showing off.
It was part of the Rayman Pac-Man, Shantae, Steven Universe and Choo-Choo Rocket games.
I'm looking forward to Shantae.
There's a new Square Enix RPG called From the Creators of Bravely Default as well.
It's coming to that.
They're saying, though, that along with that, the service is also coming to Apple TV on
September 30th and Mac OS Catalina in October.
And what else?
I might be convinced to do this on Apple TV, like I'm going to be honest, like a lot of
these games I'm hearing, I'm like, I don't really want to play any of that on my phone.
But if it's coming to the TV and there's some type of like Bluetooth controller or something,
I don't know.
Like, I just don't want to play touch games.
I don't want to play these games touch.
What?
I might be selling my Apple TV to get the 4K one.
And I have a SteelSeries controller, which I can tell you works beautifully with the
Apple TV.
Fun.
Well, maybe I'd be into that.
We'll see.
One game that looks awesome that I want to check out is Exit the Gungeon, which is, of
course, a follow up to Enter the Gungeon and is a side scroller type game now, but still
a shooter.
And they even changed the theme song to Exit the Gungeon, which is great.
Some other cool stuff.
So they have a game called Overland.
It's kind of this apocalyptic road trip game.
They've got Choo Choo Rocket Universe, Ballistic Baseball.
What other cool stuff?
So yeah, the Pac-Man Party Royale, Projection First Light, Rayman Mini, looks like a new
game, Shantae and the Seven Sirens, Sneaky Sasquatch, and Super Impossible Road.
Lots of different games.
I will give it to Apple as much as I'm a little bit like, I don't know what I want to play
on my phone versus, I will say this, like $4.99 is less than I thought it would be.
I was for sure thinking it was going to be $9.99.
And they're not just putting out like a couple things, like their TV service, sorry, but
there's a lot of like big stuff here.
And you know, putting the two side by side, I think this arcade stands to do better than
their TV service, which I don't think is ready for prime time, but that's just my opinion.
But this looks great.
Yeah, it does look pretty, it looks decent.
I don't have any Apple devices.
So whatever, on purchase, exit the Gungeon whenever that comes out.
I know, I know you're all about the Gungeon games.
So when I first heard of exit the Gungeon, I was like, oh, I wonder if they took Loki's
idea because you kind of did a different twist on the Gungeon theory.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's funny.
So.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Apple Arcade coming out and that's really sets right around the time the new iPhone
is coming out.
Because of course, this is all part of that Apple announcement where what we had a new
iPhone 11 with the triple triad camera.
The new watch, right?
There's a new watch.
There's the new...
I feel like they, did they do a new computer?
I don't know.
I couldn't, I couldn't, I was in class so I couldn't watch or follow a live blog or
anything so I had to like get the data dump after the fact.
So yeah, but I definitely saw that new phone because I don't know, like there was a part
of me was like, do I really need those three cameras?
And then when I heard that it lets you take better animal pictures, I was like, yes I
do.
Come on.
You want the smoosh pics too.
You know you do.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about something else to look forward to in the future.
I don't know if this would be on iPhone or Android, but it's definitely something that'll
be on the next round of consoles or maybe the current round, maybe the next round.
I don't know.
But that is a new Mega Man game.
That's right.
Mega Man has confirmed a new Mega Man game is in development.
And that's great news because, you know, obviously Mega Man 11 came out and we all kind of think
it did well, but we haven't really had the hard facts to know that.
I still haven't played that other than the demo.
Well, you know what, we're getting into the time of year where there's probably gonna
be a ton of sales.
If you want to pick up on it, you know, now I still haven't played through 9 or 10 either.
I wish they'd do another X series.
Well to be fair, they did not say Mega Man 12 is happening.
They said another Mega Man title is in development.
In fact, let's get into the quotes.
It was an interview with the site 4gamer who asked, what can you tell us about the next
game to be developed?
The most recent game, Mega Man 11, was amazing, and we are expecting the revival of the Star
Force series.
Personally, I'd like to see the Command Mission saga be brought back.
And in this interview with producer Kazuhiro Tsuchiya said, I see, there's a lot of titles
I personally want to work on, but to tell you the truth, the next game to be developed
has already been decided on.
I'd just like to keep the specific details hidden for the moment.
Please wait until we make an announcement.
Please look forward to it.
Still, I think that there's no such thing as a spinoff in the Mega Man series.
Every saga is a main series on its own.
When speaking of Mega Man, there will always be people who think of X as well as people
who think of EXE.
And I think that's why each one's concept of what Mega Man is changes depending on the
generation.
For that reason, we don't want to deny any series of its future.
Legends!
I want legends, dammit!
You beat me to it because I was going to say, at this time Kazuhiro Tsuchiya, I would
like you to please consider three simple words, Mega Man Legends.
Come on, because it'd be way better now that the controls won't suck, right?
Oh my God.
But all right, fine.
If they do an X game, cool.
But I think it is worth noting, he's not saying Mega Man 12.
It could be, in fact, he's kind of shifting the conversation to be like, it's probably
going to be something else.
Or what was that Sonic game where they had like new Sonic and classic Sonic, let's have
like X and let's get Mega Man X and regular Mega Man in there.
I know what you're talking about.
Sonic Generations.
That's it, Generations.
Yeah.
So like, I want that.
Let's just take all the different Mega Man types.
We'll put it all into one game.
Like he can be a big RPG, open world.
It's not too much to ask for, right?
I like the way that Nifty 805 put it.
Category is legends only.
I like that.
All right.
Anyway, a new Mega Man coming soon, dot, dot, dot.
All right.
Uh, let's move on to the next story, Dark Sakura.
I think you were referencing this earlier.
Yes, I was.
So in other corporate bullshit, don't you just love that introduction to the story?
Kickstarter is now even more full of bullshit.
They fired and actually it's a little bit incorrect because I think they've now fired
three employees for participating in starting a union, which we've talked before about there
being a massive need for unions in the video game industry.
And Kickstarter definitely has like their, you know, hands, arms, feet, and legs somewhere
attached to the video game industry and not in their own cart.
Well, and if I remember right, what makes this video game related is that one of the
people, maybe the first one that was let go was their like video game like liaison.
And they had, um, like a guy who just started a podcast on it too, cause I follow him on
Twitter.
Oh, maybe it was the podcast person actually.
I knew it was, I knew it was relevant to one of my interests.
Well, I am so sad to hear that he's never going to be able to get his podcasts off the
ground now.
Actually he's got a new podcast and it's doing pretty well.
So anyway, um, cause I mean there's other crowdsourcing things out there anyway, but
he's already got name recognition on him.
So, um, but at any rate, they fired several employees for starting, uh, to unionize.
And um, and in fact I had a reposted it not long ago on my, uh, my thing, but they tried
to get him to sign an NDA to give him a month of severance after he had been with companies
since it started.
And he's like, no, I'm not signing your fucking NDA.
I'm going to be public about it.
And I'm like, good for you, dude.
So, um, I mean he probably said it nicer than I did.
So yeah, uh, Taylor Moore, um, said, and I'm going to read the quote this morning after
six years of pouring my life into the mission people and creators of Kickstarter, I was
fired for union organizing.
Last week, another member of the union organizing committee was fired and we have reason to
believe that more are being targeted.
The union busting campaign at Kickstarter that Kickstarter management is engaging in
is illegal and wrong and is a dramatic abandonment of the values of an organization that I've
loved and served with my whole heart.
Um, and in fact it actually is illegal.
Union busting is illegal.
Um, are, we have laws about this even though certain orange creatures in power are trying
to undo that.
Has Kickstarter responded trying to shift the conversation, trying to blame it on him
or something?
I mean, I don't know.
I'm just curious if they've responded.
So, um, a Kickstarter, uh, spokesperson said this, when someone has been through this process
and we have sufficient evidence that their performance is not improving, we must unfortunately
part ways with them.
See what they're doing?
Mm hmm.
This is not as interesting as the story about union busting, but it is the reality of what
happened here.
Not that it's fucking bullshit because this person has been with the company and started
very successful, um, uh, events.
Why'd you keep this guy for six years if his performance was questionable?
I mean, I know sometimes people can get senioritis and stuff and slip in their performance, but
this does seem awfully convenient.
Well, and there's more about this.
The company also said that of 28 members who have publicly come out in support of the union,
14 to 15 who are eligible for raise or promotion during this review cycle received one or both.
It's still though, I mean, you can, so they're trying to say, don't
look over here.
Look over here.
But on top of that, you can still perform well and want to benefit other people.
You know, this is why I get all those, you know, I don't understand all these people
who are like, well, you know, like they want to put a, um, a, uh, gosh, I can't make my
words come out.
Like for the people who want to tax anything over a higher income bracket and they're like,
it's not affecting you personally, the money is going to go back into you.
Just because these people are doing well doesn't mean they shouldn't contribute to the wellness
of other people.
And it's also kind of one of those, like, what about all the good things I did argument?
It doesn't negate the bad thing.
Well, I mean, there were medical advancements that came out of the Holocaust, but it was
still bullshit.
I wasn't going to go there, but you know, but I'm going to, I'm going to go there.
I'm going to throw that as an example.
You know, good people will try more Liberty to do that than I do, but yeah, and, but anyway,
you know, and on top of that, they sell, send out an email.
The Kickstarter United group, um, uh, basically said that was a vile, a violation of their
public benefit pledge that the company made in 2015 and they're saying, Kickstarter United
is under attack.
This is what it means to be a public benefit corporation.
How can we continue to reconcile the discrepancies between the flaunting of our company's mission
and the way we treat our employees?
Are these a value of Kickstarter PPC?
I'm going to be honest when it comes to this story, like I, and you know, all the, the
anti-union stuff is silly and you know, Kickstarter needs to just, you know, realize that they're
on the wrong side of this.
However, I'm kind of with Kai's, Judo's first comment here in chat, Kickstarter is still
a thing.
Like that's kinda like, I'm going to be honest, it's kind of where I'm at.
I'm trying to think, like, when was the last time I backed a Kickstarter?
Probably that and stream Kickstarter, which I don't, which I don't regret doing and stream
has been a great service there.
They're great on their discord and the service is coming along nicely.
And part of the, a big part of the reason why I backed that one in particular was because
they weren't asking me to fund something that hasn't even had a one line of code written
yet.
They were essentially taken pre-orders through Kickstarter.
It's essentially what they were doing, trying to get kind of that seed money to get that
oomph out the door when we've seen too many Kickstarter projects crash, burn, fail, never
get out the door.
So too many projects, unfortunately like Bloodstained, but more so other big floppy projects have
kind of ruined it for everybody else.
I did exactly three.
We did Bloodstained.
I did the asexual D20 pin, which I don't know where it is because my sash is missing.
I think I lost it at Dracon.
And then I did the hottiful boyfriend plushies.
I'm not saying all Kickstarters are bad.
Like I remember backing the first gamer X back in the day, which I don't regret doing.
You know, it was a needed thing and I'm glad we had it for as long as we did, you know,
and all that.
Um, but like, I'm not saying all Kickstarter projects are bad.
I'm just saying because of all the weird things that have happened over the years, like I'm
more apprehensive to do it.
And I see less of them get promoted these days because so much of it gets lost in the
noise because you know what does get promoted.
Now it's a GoFundMe to pay so-and-so's medical bills.
That's the big thing you see all over Facebook, which is a whole nother commentary.
I don't want to get into, but is that's where the conversation seems to be at.
Whether or not though you believe in unions, this is highly suspect and it is illegal.
It is illegal, especially, and even if it had nothing to do with it, I would still wait
until there's like a gap of time between when this person just starts trying to unionize.
You know, that just looks really shitty on you, Kickstarter.
And on top of that, you know, one of my friends on my, one of my other Facebooks said, um,
you know, but doesn't this harm the people who use Kickstarter to get their businesses
started or don't have any other way to raise capital?
I mean, there's other ways to raise capital.
There are other crowdfunding sources on there and they are going to use this actively to
protect their interests.
They are going to use their, the, the people who are using their service as their meat
shield and we cannot let that happen.
We have to show them using a meat shield like this is not going to help you.
We will hold your ass to the fire.
And then that means they stop using the meat shield hopefully when they see it's not going
to do shit.
All right.
I, I encourage everyone at this point, look hard and deep into it and actually sit and
make a decision about it and make sure that if you continue to support them, you have
a damn good reason why you're doing it.
All right.
Well, with that, in the interest of time, we're going to move on to the next story.
So back to, uh, back to classic video game stuff.
One thing that, yeah, they're, they're not funded, but they're, they're sure a dime a
dozen these days.
Yeah.
We talked a little bit about this Neo Geo arcade stick that was out there that we didn't
really know what it was aside from it's an arcade stick for the Neo Geo.
Is it for like using on the Neo Geo?
I mean, what the hell is it?
So apparently though, this is going to be, um, you can plug it into a PC to use it with,
I guess, uh, PC games that, you know, SNK PC games, I would assume, or it can also be,
um, like a Neo Geo mini console.
So you can actually hook up, um, other controllers to it as well.
It's got 20 classic Neo Geo games inside, so you can also attach to TV via HDMI 20 Neo
Geo games.
So basically every king of fighters that they've made every fatal fury, every art of fighting
and every samurai showdown.
That's 20 games, right?
Oh shit.
No, there's at least eight summary showdown games.
And keep in mind, there's been a KOF game ever since 90, 94.
My joke there is that Neo Geo is like nothing but fighters, although we know, of course
there's other metal slug.
I know.
I know.
Uh, the, um, puzzle games, uh, puzzle bobble, all those games were, um, full star blazing
star, uh, magical drop one of my favorite puzzlers anyway, do we know what the list
of games that are on this yet?
Nope.
Oh, no idea.
Stay tuned kids.
Yep.
All right.
Well then, uh, let's move on and talk a little bit about, uh, something scary that, uh, is
going to be coming soon to your mobile phone.
It's a five nights at Freddy's AR game.
Uh, so five nights at Freddy's soon going to be moving to AR.
That sounds horrifying because when I first heard about this, I was like, Oh my God, is
it like something for hololens that is going to tear, even though hololens really isn't
a gaming thing at this point is going to terrify me.
That's what I thought when I first read this, but no AR of course, uh, is becoming bigger
and bigger on iOS and Android.
So, uh, you know, like think like the Harry Potter game and Pokemon go have those AR so
you can actually do AR through your phone and that's how it's going to work.
So, uh, yeah, it actually uses the air, the area around you to, uh, play five nights at
Freddy's is called five nights at Freddy's AR special delivery.
It's being developed by illuminix.
So I don't know to what extent the original creator, Scott Cawthon is, uh, involved with
this, but he's also involved on other projects like the movie adaptation, which I guess really
is coming in.
I want to see the movie, even though I am not a fan of the game, I still want to see
the movie.
Apparently HD versions of the original games are going to be happening as well next year.
And, uh, he's working on a triple a title apparently right now.
So, uh, not just the AR game, but, uh, anyone interested in five nights at Freddy's on AR?
I think that's cool.
I don't know how it's going to work.
It's going to be a little much.
The VR game sounds cool.
I'm like the cat gift that says nope.
Yeah.
Too scary for me.
At least it's on a little iPhone or Android or so it's not going to be too pure.
I actually think like not having all the lights off and playing in the dark and that whole
thing.
Too bad when they say, you know, five nights at Freddy's AR game, they're not talking about
like a Pokemon go type of game.
Act deaf.
Just like we have Pokemon go.
Now we have five nights.
Run the fuck away.
Both, both ends of the spectrum, both ends of the spectrum there.
Love it.
All right.
Well, let's take a trip down memory lane to a more classic time when you know, games,
games weren't AR.
They were not.
I was trying to find the music.
If you wanted AR, you had to like draw things and put them up on your TV.
No, I don't know.
All right.
It's the classic game of the week.
Every week, dark soccer steps in the gaming vault and finds the game.
She thinks, Hey, you guys should be respecting this game.
Little surprise to your pick this week inspired by a tattoo I saw.
Ah, okay.
Cause I was like, not the type of game dark soccer usually talks about.
No, but it's, it's relevant, I guess it's a, it's a, it's kind of a big deal for some
people.
Yeah.
So, um, the game I picked was God of war.
And I mean, I honestly, I watched like a full play through of the last God of war game and
I thought it looked pretty good.
So if it led to that, then this is cool.
But anyway, it's a third person hack and slash adventure that was developed by Santa Monica
studio and published by Sony.
It came out March 22nd, 2005 for the PlayStation two is the first one in a long series and
it is very loosely based on Greek mythology set in ancient Greece.
You control Kratos who is a Spartan who serves the gods and Athena sells Kratos to go kill
Ares.
Um, and basically Ares did some bullshit and tricked him into killing his wife and daughter
and was besieging Athens and all kinds of shit.
So anyway, it is a big combat, you know, type of combo game where, uh, your main, uh, weapon,
the blades of chaos, um, you work, uh, you basically are going to use that weapon.
I think you can like another one in the game.
I actually haven't played it, but it has different quick, hi smoosh, but, um, it has different
quick time events in the game that you have to do through controller actions.
Um, it's involved in the boss battles too.
It has some puzzles and platforming, um, and it actually was, uh, at the time the 11th
best PlayStation two game of all time now.
So 4.6 million copies worldwide and it won several game of the year awards.
Um, IGN considered it as a 2009 to be the seventh best PS two game of all time.
It had great graphics, story, gameplay.
It was just really a tight ship with that.
And then that and its sequel were released in November, 2009 as the God of War collection
and then a remastered version in 2012 as God of War saga for PS three.
There was a novelization and a film adaptation has been in development since 2005.
Um, and you fight all kinds of new mythological creatures, the undead minotaurs, Gorgons,
clopsies, sirens, uh, different bosses, and a minotaur called Pandora's guardian.
I just think that's a cool name.
Um, you also open chest, they have orbs and orbs do shit like heal you and give you experience
and stuff.
Um, and you get like special items that make you stronger and give you more help than magic
and stuff like that.
Um, but you use the blades of chaos in the game.
They are blades attached to chains, they're wrapped around the wrists and forearms and
the, they are used in special types of attacks and I'm sure if anyone's watching live right
now, you can see how you can swing them out or use them in close quarters as a melee weapon.
So it's quite fierce, it is hardcore.
And then, um, there also is a quick time, but looky mini game where you have to do female
twins.
Anyway.
Um, so yeah, um, then you get the challenge of the gods after you've beaten the game,
which is an unlockable, and um, you have to complete certain tasks and then with that,
you get costumes, behind the scenes videos, and concept art.
So you get, instead of like, oh, you do well, let's give you some, you know, levels that
are gonna just make you cry for an hour, here's actually stuff that you'll enjoy.
And um, so the game has, you know, clearly had some staying power if we, you know, just,
not too long ago, the last game that came out was really good and added sort of another,
I would say angle to the character kind of, if anything, I think humanized him a bit more,
even though he's now like this hardcore old god kind of guy now in the last game, right?
Yeah, I gotta admit, like talking about this game makes me, you know, I kind of missed
the boat on this recent reimagining, I guess you will, of God of War where Kratos is now
like daddy Kratos, um, and I was super interested in that game just because of the different
tone and just sounding like the, um, the maturity, not to say this game was immature, it's not,
but like, well it did have the like, gooey mini game, but like, you know, the certain
maturity of the developers in, as they're getting older, in wanting to make a game that
kind of reflects that, like I just found that really fascinating and kind of interesting
and like that was, and everybody says it's great, but you know, the thing is here, yes,
we do a podcast about video games, we love video games, we don't have enough time to
play every single game that gets released, you know, sometimes we miss things, but that
one I've been meaning to pick up. I wanted to touch on this just because it is kind of
near and dear to a lot of people, but you know, I do also like that storytelling now
is really taking a bigger level of maturity to it and that people are being more sensitive
to their audiences and actually trying, you know, the fan service is there, yeah, but
you are also getting quite a bit more of, yeah, you have the fan service there, but
it's a bonus to the good story and gameplay. But at any rate, the game itself is built
on the Kinetica engine and it was inspired by two things, by Onimusha and by Clash of
the Titans. I figured Clash of the Titans, I didn't figure Onimusha, that's neat.
David Jaff, who, you know, was the game director and creator, he said that he had played Onimusha
and said, let's do that with Greek mythology and then of course watching Clash of the Titans,
he wanted to take that concept and kind of merge it with Heavy Metal, not like the movie,
but like Heavy Metal magazine, which I mean the movie came from Heavy Metal magazine.
And then he wanted to just bump up this to being really high level sex and violence.
But then, you know, they wanted it brutal, they wanted it to be terrible, they wanted
you to be a beast, but, you know, I think also that's kind of what the popularity and
things were at that time was pushing those things and I think they've realized that you
can have those things and have a mature story, have good storytelling, have great gameplay,
and have it still be brutal and hard. At any rate, yeah, there have been, you know, like
I said, there were multiple re-releases, there was, you know, lots of, you know, the soundtrack
for it was actually pretty amazing. It had its own release on there and it was actually
considered one of the best soundtracks that came out and that soundtrack was released
in 2010, again, as downloadable content for the God of War trilogy soundtrack and God
of War III Ultimate Edition. But it was received very well, the story was considered compelling
and it won many, like I said, Game of the Year awards and David Jaff won Designer of
the Year awards, I don't know if I'm mispronouncing his name, but whatever. And then there was,
you know, a novelization about it, which I might actually bother to read the novelization.
But, you know, whenever they do novelizations, they'll usually, like, get more elements that
they want to put into the story, so I kind of dig those. And there's a film in, well,
that's been announced in 2005. In development hell. They actually sent the script out to
Daniel Craig and he turned it down. And then they said they've got someone else on there
for it and they might like them. And they were bringing in the writers for Pacific Rim,
so Pacific Rim was great. Second one, I didn't see it, not so much. But hey, I'll believe
it when I see it. But there you go, it's God of War.
Alright, your classic game of the week, God of War for the PlayStation 2. That's right,
the PlayStation 2 is a classic console. Under our 10 years or more rule, a lot of PS3 games
qualify as well. So, there it is. Alright, anyhow. Yeah, a series that I've played a
little bit, but I've more, like, watched my friends play it. I haven't really got my hands
on it myself. I would definitely, even if you don't play the game, just watch this last
one. Well, even just, oh, the last one. I was gonna say, you were just putting together
the footage for tonight. I was kind of, like, watching it going, oh, yeah, yeah, I remember
this. So, yeah, I definitely wanna, it's one of those things, like, it's on my list. I'll
get to that at some point. Horizon Zero Dawn, eventually. They're, like, on a list.
So, it's Jaffe, pardon me. Yeah, it's alright. I didn't really care anything about God of
War until I watched the playthrough of the last one. Gotcha. I would probably skip the
first two, honestly, just because the last one was so, so much more interesting to me.
Yeah. Well, they have that trilogy to the, like, you know, if you wanna catch up, they
have that trilogy they put on PS4. We've got them somewhere in the vault. Just, I haven't
cared enough, but this last one, you know, was definitely enough to make me wanna sit
down and watch it and actually show some interest in playing it. And Questbuster kinda agrees
there, saying the new God of War is rock solid and they added in a few things with patches.
Alright, well, we're gonna go to our, uh, a little break here in studio. Um, I'm very
happy because tonight we have a listener community submission for our break tonight. So, Darktetsuya,
uh, often kinda gets associated with this game series, La Mulana. Yes. And so, we kinda,
like, tongue in cheek make fun of him, but in a positive way for his love of La Mulana.
But what I love that Darktetsuya has done is he's fucking owning it. And so, in a discussion,
he's gonna talk about this a little bit in the video, but because La Mulana 2, uh, they're
talking about this for consoles and so forth, he decided, you know what, let's, let's, let's
show people this game that I always, uh, still have to play it. I think I have it in my library.
So this is about seven minutes and I'm just saying that because the audio, I think I fixed
the audio and I think it'll come through okay. Um, but you know, there is a lot of, um, like,
visuals to this. So I, I was like, do I leave it in the podcast? Do I not? So I think ultimately
I'm gonna leave it in just so you guys can hear from Darktetsuya and why he likes La,
La Mulana so much. But if you find that you're not really, like, not being able to see it is
kind of bothering you, then I am telling you it's about seven minutes long if you want to go ahead
and fast forward. But, uh, for those of you that are, uh, watching live, uh, here you go. We're
gonna go to a break segment here where Darktetsuya is going to talk about his love of La Mulana.
Okay. Hello everybody. It's, uh, Darktetsuya here. So I thought I would try and do a, uh,
break video for, uh, friends over at OLR. And what better game to do it on than one that was
just recently announced. So this last week was PAX, right? And they announced that the American
version of La Mulana 2 coming to console is actually going to include the original. So
thought I might show you a little bit of the beginning of the game here, show you what you're
in for. Probably hear my name come up every time this game comes up, so.
Yeah, I know a thing or two about this one. So yeah, start off. You come in here,
see how far I can get in maybe, maybe 10 minutes, maybe a little less. So yeah, this elder's all
pud. Let's see. So he'll explain to you what's, what's going on. You have to enter the ruins,
ruins of La Mulana, find your dad.
Okay, so let's see. Yep. Take your laptop, get an upgrade. All right.
And yeah, he'll send you, uh, emails during the game to give you hints and whatnot.
Okay, so let's see. Next stop. Oh, where is it? Actually, no. I, oh, well, there it is. Yeah.
By this item, it's a hand scanner. It was inspired by a real, uh,
peripheral they made for the, uh, MSX system. Yeah. The original version of that came out,
what was it, 2005. It was a freeware indie game. Oh, there's something I need to get first. Yeah.
It's a freeware indie game. The developers loved all the games to the old MSX computer system.
So they took a lot of the inspiration from some of those games that they played,
created this, uh, freeware game. Let's see.
Now I'm, now I'm forgetting where I need to, oh, wait, I know where I need to go.
Two minutes. Well, should be, oh, why did I do that? Anyway. Yeah. So that was originally released
for freeware on PC in about 2005, I believe, 2005, 2006. And, uh, yeah, it was a freeware indie game.
And, uh, Aeon Genesis was a translation group. They, uh, translated the game into English.
And then guy by the name of Deceased Crab made it famous on YouTube. And
that's kind of where I discovered it.
So anyway, yeah. Come up here. Got these birds. Okay. Yeah. Hold that. Push down to use weights
on these pedestals. You know, just like in Indiana Jones. Kill the snake here and shell horn.
Maybe you trigger a trap or solve a puzzle, you'll hear noise. It's different for each, but
yeah. So very useful item if you're first playing the game. If you're speed running it,
you probably won't need it, but I'm not at that level yet. Let's see if I can,
ah, come on. I just, I'll just drop down then. I kill this guy. Oh, I don't have any weights.
Really? Well, I have to come here. Is there a weight in here? Nope.
I didn't want to have to detour to buy.
Nope. Dang it. Well, that's gonna, nope.
Anyway. Yeah. I'll try not to make this too long, but yeah. It's,
all right. So what do we got? We'll go in the shop here. Yeah, there we go. Okay.
That should do us for now. It's funny, yeah. I, watching his videos of the game, it looked like
fun. Okay, actually the videos that we're watching is the, uh, I started with the, uh, the bonus
dungeon, uh, Hell Temple. I would not recommend going in there. It is not fun. Anyway, yeah.
See, end of the ruins here.
Oh, wait a minute. I have to equip that. Yeah, that's just Cellpud telling you something.
Say, I read this. They lurk within this land over deals. So yeah. Then this. Okay.
So I really didn't want to talk over that part. That intro is just amazing. You step into the
temple for the first time, and you hear that, like, the adventure begins here. So yeah. Now,
this item you need to get to get a...
Anyway, yeah. Let's see. See, yeah. See, yeah. That's solving a puzzle. Step on that tomb.
Step on that tile there. Sacred Orb. Sacred Orb gives you some extra life.
Anyway, yeah. So come down here. Yeah. Let's see. All right.
So yeah. You know, you got enemies to kill, bosses to fight, these little skeleton guys.
Oh yeah. There's an item you need to buy to get, to be able to read those,
but that's up on the surface. Let's see.
Um, why don't I end the video with this? Let's see. Do I have a way? Okay, yeah.
Sometimes there's traps, like this one.
Yep. Uh, anything else I have to say about the game? I mean, not really.
I mean, it's... I think it's a lot of fun. I...
Definitely pretty hard, though. I would absolutely recommend a walkthrough.
Either a video walkthrough or game facts or, uh, what is that? Or there's a wiki, you know?
But yeah, this is coming out early 2020 for consoles.
There is also the sequel that's going to be included.
Apparently a lot of the, uh, they made some tweaks to the, uh, hint system to help you get,
to help you get, figure out where you need to go. And a lot of that is going to be retrofitted into
the first game, so I thought that was neat. There's a, uh, there was a panel at PAX that
they recorded that I definitely recommend looking up, so...
Yeah, you know, exploring the ruins, solving puzzles, and trying to avoid traps, it's...
I enjoyed it!
Anyway.
Anything else I have to say on this? I mean, not really.
Anyway, yeah. I guess that was a brief look at, uh, La Mulana coming soon to consoles early 2020.
So, maybe I'll do a video on this.
All right, there it is. Thank you, Dr. Tuye, for that submission there for, uh, La Mulana.
For that submission there for, uh, La Mulana.
Uh, appreciate that. Uh, and some folks, some folks in chat, very nice,
give me some helpful advice there, uh, about, uh, you know, uh, talking while playing video games.
It's hard. It's a hard thing to do, but yeah, when we do those, and that's why I don't always make the
break videos myself because, um, you know, trying to narrate the video game I'm playing can sometimes
be a pain in the butt. And Bobby's, Bobby's needling me on the whole, uh, the DragonCon
thing we did where we were trying to play Overwatch. It was just, it was just too much,
like, going on at once. We had to, like, dial it back. I need to teach you the power of voiceover,
Rob. Well, girl, I know how to talk, you know, but. Yeah, but you can record the footage.
Which is a great suggestion that came up in chat is that you can also record the footage
first and then. That's how I'm going to be doing my sim stuff. Yeah, yeah. So, um, but I super
appreciate, uh, that Dr. Tuye sent that in and I welcome anybody in our community that has a game
that they love like that, that they want to share with the show. Uh, please feel free to send in
your submission, but do, do file that in the back of your mind that it is a podcast as well. And so
you have to kind of think of both and it's not an easy thing to do. Trust me, you know, that's,
that's, and that's one reason why here at OLR, I feel like we've been challenged with,
we've got the radio, we've got the talking part down because this is what we've been doing for
17 years. It's the visual part of the show that we've been like, I know this is not the
most nice looking studio in the world and everything. That's the part where we're
challenged is making it more visually compelling, visually challenged without having to spend my
entire Sunday doing B-roll before the show, but you know, little bits here and there go a long
way. So anyway, we're all working to improve. Anyway. Uh, let's move on though. Cause we,
you know, we have been actually speaking and talking, we've been doing it for a while.
We're coming up on eight o'clock here on the West coast. And I want to make sure we have some time
to get some calls if there are any calls tonight. So let's get into some rapid fire news as we
travel around the industry this week and see what else has been going on in gaming news.
So this is very cool. So this is a great game that came out on the Xbox 360 and PC and Wabaks.
So Castle Crashers is being remastered. It is coming now to PlayStation four and
Nintendo switch on September 17th. They are going to be improving the textures and bumping the, uh,
the FPS to 60 and, um, including all previously released DLC.
So that'll be something to look forward to and it looks awesome. I'll have to check it out.
If you want to play Castle Crashers yet again, but it is a really good game. I can't sound too
shady. Um, and then this is kind of cool. So I watched a little bit of a video about this,
called the floor is lava, the video game, which it's, it's great. So it's by the developers,
uh, who did don't starve. And it's, uh, it's kind of funny because they have this,
like almost like a parody GI Joe, um, you know, uh, type of cartoon thing that goes along with
it as well. So they, uh, like they call it the G A T and it was just, it was really kind of funny,
the, just the detail that they put into it. But yeah, it's, it's like what you would think it
would be. It's like a parkour type of game with the floor being lava. Do your kids play that at
home? The floor is lava. Um, they have probably played that in a Roblox. So I'm sure that they
played several Roblox games that are like that, but this is also something that's also coming to
Apple arcade as well. But, um, it is coming out on PC as well. You can book, you know, um,
favorite it on steam or whatever. So look for, yeah, hot lava.
Uh, jumping back to the castle crashers, one, a great tip in our chat from DJ Rama S who says,
FYI, if you already have castle crashers on Xbox 360, you can get the remastered version for $4.99.
You buy it under the same gamer tag as the original game. Well, I love that little,
little incentive for having bought the game before. Um, and I should have mentioned,
I didn't mention already, uh, games coming out in September 19. So very soon the lava game,
yeah, hot lava. So, uh, check it out. Okay. Well, let's move on to another game,
uh, coming soon that I don't know. I felt like it had some mixed reaction when we first talked
about it, but, uh, Contra rogue core is a game that's, I think they showed off some more footage
during Tokyo game show. They didn't just do footage. There's actually a demo that came out,
uh, a demo for Contra rogue core is available. Is it core or corpse? I think core. That's what
I thought core because corpse sounds like everybody's already dead. That's what I thought.
Well, Hey, it's, it's a pronunciation thing I got right for a change. So let's celebrate that.
All right. Anyway, so Contra rogue core, uh, a demo came out on PlayStation four,
Xbox one and Nintendo switch on all the different digital stores. Uh, and you get to dive into the
damn city. That's actually what it's called. It's damned city. So you get to dive into the damn
city and actually play a little bit of the game. Uh, he, the demo is part of the single player
campaign of the twins, twin stick, third person shooter, a playable preview of one of the many
large scale bosses in the game. Now I did not get a chance to check out the demo myself,
but I thought that some of you or some of you guys, uh, had, because I know dark Tetsuya,
I almost wish you'd done a video for that. I guess I should, I shouldn't say it because
the Llamulana thing was great. And to be fair to dark to see it, he actually did the Llamulana
thing last week. We didn't do it last week. Cause you had your footage from the, uh, the
indie event that you went to. So we had to push it back a week, but, uh, I would like to see the demo
if I don't get my hands on it myself this week. Um, dark to see it says in chat, I played the
Contra demo and I actually really enjoyed it. And orange right also confirms its core because the
Genesis game was hardcore. And that was, you know, it's a kind of play on words there with
that when you do it that way. So anyway, I'm pretty cool that they actually released a demo.
I feel like we never talk about video game demos anymore in this day and age. So, um, yeah, I, um,
I don't have a lot of us to say with that. Uh, Hey, I got a pinch hit here live. Loki,
can you do my second story? Cause the website will not work on this, uh, beast over here.
Oh, it's it doesn't like the windows XP, I guess. I guess it's, it's more the,
I think it's cause I'm using Chrome over here. I don't know. But anyway, it's just move on.
So I think this is a really, I want to talk about this. Yeah. So super Nintendo world,
of course is the theme park. That's supposed to be coming soon to universal parks and we've
got some more details on when that might be happening. So, uh, they wanted it by 2020 for
the Tokyo, at least the Tokyo version for the Olympics. Right. So the first version,
I think is supposed to be coming to Japan, but I don't believe that it's going to make 2020.
Uh, bummer. Yeah. So I thought I saw like, was it 20, 22, but, um, well, the cut,
the parts I thought were cool is that they were talking about like a wristband that was supposed
to interact with the switch as well. Like there was actually going to be like interaction between,
Oh good. More crap. I get the buy, but yeah, I think it's neat though. So yeah,
they're talking a little bit about how they're going to, you know, of course they have a super
Mario cart ride and Yoshi's adventure ride are two of the first rides that they're going to have
there in phase one. Um, Oh, they could do it in phases like star Wars land. It says, yeah,
you're gonna have this wristband. That's got a big red Mario symbol on it. And it says, by the way,
the wristband is super cool. It's magnetic. You slap it on your wrist and it just snaps on there.
Yeah. Flat bracelet. Yes. Snap bracelet and allows you to, um, uh, on it, see a Tiberian
chat says, yeah, excuse me. Yay. Crap. It allows you to, uh, interact with, um, stuff all over the
different lands. So they said they have three different levels. The first day of, um, Bowser's
deal and Prince's peaches castle. Um, they have different key elements. You actually get to walk
through Prince's peaches castle. Like it's sleeping beauty's castle Disneyland. That's so
cool. Uh, maybe, but yeah, apparently you'll be able to go up and keep score with various games.
Um, so that's kind of cool. You know what it kind of sounds like a little bit is like, um,
toy story, uh, the, the midway mania and Disneyland. And I remember the midway mania
had an app like, it wasn't there like an iPhone midway mania game. I swear that was a thing.
And like, if you actually play and here's the, you could turn the GPS on because if you actually
play toy story, midway mania wall in line for toy story based on your GPS, you unlocked like
a special thing in the game. So I like it when the games kind of do things like that. Cause you know
what you get. If you play Harry positor, if you play Harry Potter, wizards unite at universal
studios, Harry Potter world, you know what you get? What? Nothing. So I like it when games kind
of do stuff like that. So I think this will charge you additional money to get a Harry
Potter badge or something like that. Fuck all the way off. To be honest. Uh, let's see.
Kaishido says I want a Mario fencing game. Throwing it back to the kickoff topic tonight.
Well, if you want a Mario fencing game, I believe wouldn't that be in the 2020 Olympics game?
True. That true. That, uh, as 200, Matt says, parks are really all about the immersive experience.
Harry Potter world led the charge and I will give universal credit for that as much as, you know,
we've stand Disney parks on this show. Universal gets some credit. Like the one stuff that they
have there. Oh yeah. Universal's got some kick ass stuff, like especially the newer stuff.
Some of the dated stuff really shows at Sage. I actually, I heard they finally changed the
Jurassic park ride because now it's Jurassic world. So they went through and completely
redid that ride. And I think that'd be fun to go see. But anyway, I I'm excited to see universal's
technology. Cause that, that Harry Potter ride, if you haven't been on that Harry Potter ride,
it's, it's pretty fucking great. Like it's, it's pretty astounding. I really,
really liked that ride. And that whole, that whole part of the park is very immersive.
It's really cool. So I'm excited to see what they do in Nintendo magic. Yeah. All right. Anyway,
let's move on a dark soccer. You have some rapid fire news too. A couple of quickies. Um,
cave has finally updated, uh, their shmups. Um, cause they took them off, um, iOS before
because they were 32 bit and 32 bit went away with iOS 11. So they now have brought them back as 64
bit. Um, listed among those, as I see Dodonpach maximum, um, I've got death smiles. I'm hoping
that they include mushihime sama with that. Cause I really enjoyed playing that. So we'll see what
else comes out and then, um, monster rancher, um, it's going to be on switch of course, but it's
going to play like PS one and look the same. So it is legit. PS one monster rancher, maybe a little
cleaner, but it's the same thing or monster farm as it was in Japan. And it will be out later this
year as a Delo title. Uh, in chat, interesting name, obsolete woman in chat says I love cave
shmups so much. Who doesn't honestly, cave shmups are great. They are hair pulling, you know, and
not in a good way, more like the, you know, trichotillomania type of way. But it's also
very nice that with a mobile phone, it's very easy to tilt it vertically. Right. And get your
vertical shmup the way it's supposed to be done, which more Nintendo switch products need to do.
I know a couple of them. I remember playing like some of the, this was like way back, like on the
iPod touch, like way long time ago, they had like some of the cave shmups in there and the controls
are pretty good because you can just put your finger anywhere on the actual thing and it auto
fired for you. That's true. Some games work better than other. Yeah. You just, that's all you just
fire consistently. Like w when do you not fire? You fire consistently and you can,
you have pretty good precision over like the movement stuff. So it worked out really well.
That'd be fun. Agreed. Um, that was it. Oh, did you do the monster answer? I did. Oh, I just,
I'm sorry. Cause I went back and talked about the shmups. Sorry. My bad. It's gonna be weird
though, how that's going to work though. Cause I can't imagine since this switch doesn't have,
um, the ability to load discs in, how does it work? Because monster rancher for those who don't
mean they have an online catalog of virtual CDs that you can choose from. That's not the same.
It isn't the same, but they got to do something. They should let you hook it up to like Spotify
or something. Like I know Nintendo doesn't have Spotify, YouTube. Oh my God. Nintendo
does have YouTube. So imagine if you could hook it up to YouTube and do it that way.
Or like they should have just, you know, QR codes or something like that. You know, have,
have random QR codes or the barcode scanners. You may, besides you've got that stupid phone app that
you don't use for anything. So platoon, you know, it's true. All right. Let's travel around the
world and check out some games that are coming out a little sooner as we do some world release
states. Loki. Yes. So we have AI, the Somnium files that's on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four Lego, Jurassic world on Nintendo switch real fishing road trip adventure on Nintendo switch and
PlayStation four, the legend of Zelda links awakening on Nintendo switch, the best game
of the week, honestly, untitled goose game on Nintendo switch and PC. Um, and then Bobby's
favorite game, Nino Cooney, wrath of the white witch coming out and into the switch. And if
that's not enough, Nino Cooney wrath of the white witch remastered on PC and PlayStation four. And
that's it. Rob is full of cookie. All right. So, uh, girl. Um, so on the 16th, we have bus,
this is in the UK. We have bus simulator on the 18th. We have modern warfare, beta truck driver,
on the 19th song, bird symphony AI, the Somnium files, Agalas, which actually was kind of cute.
It looks very, um, I don't know, like a giant blast voice on the screenshot. Um, Lego, Jurassic
world, Nintendo switch light Nino Cooney wrath of the white witch on a switch and PlayStation, um,
legend of Zelda links awakening. Um, by the way, thank you, Deke man for getting me cups from
seven 11 in Canada. Oh shit. He pulled through for you on that. That's awesome. Tempest fucking
4,000. Is this really finally on PlayStation and X-Box sweet Tetris 99. You know, I've actually
played, um, tempest 3000. Yeah, I have to mom, but they only had them like as a limited thing.
And I played the Atari party. Tempest 3000 was actually like a beta thing for a long time. I
played at Atari party. I did. I did too. And I think that's it for the week after look at the
calendar. When did already happen? It did. Tempest 4,000 happened on PC. Yeah. Because we're
getting it at home. Okay. Got it. That's the, I'm like, wait a minute. I swear I played to this 4,000
it's on PC. That's it for the week. Okay, cool. Um, moving on to Japan. Very it's, it's one of
those weeks where we have very similar releases around the world, which I know, but, but like,
usually it's kind of different what each country is getting, but not this week because here we go
again, AI, the Somnium files, uh, is also out in Japan this week. So you have that to look forward
to on the playlist station for card fight. Vanguard EX is also a release in Japan this week
and, uh, Bobby Black Wolf, not approved Nino Cooney wrath of the white, rich, which remastered
also coming out on PlayStation four. Um, you know, if they charged less for it, I might
pick it up again on PS4. I would be down with trying to play that game again. Um,
and I would live stream it, but I would have to somehow restrict Bobby Black Wolf's comments.
He's allowed to talk just not every positive reacts only heart emojis only. All right. Anyway,
I'm just, I'm just giving him a hard time. Uh, let's see. Also, uh, coming out in Japan,
let's see, as we move to the Nintendo switch, I think we get a lot of the same stuff as well.
Yeah. Card fight Vanguard EX AI, the Somnium files and, um, Jaku no Lila trap of musk.
It's a game that comes out as well in Japan on the switch. Oh my, I'm looking at the cover art
and, uh, I see this woman dressed in what looks like a bridal outfit type of thing.
And then I see like a dude with his shirt open and she's definitely going for some of that musk
right now. So, um, I guess, I guess that's that on the Nintendo switch are these two people for
it? Katie, it looked like vampires. It's vampire stuff. Oh God. It's one of those.
And there, what is it? This is a porny game. There's like, I'm sorry, I can't put this.
It's a visual novel. That's is, is this, or is this not a threesome? That is what I'm looking
at right now. They're just cuddling Peter, Paul and Mary. It doesn't, that could one, two, three,
is it gross? Me and me. What is it gross? No, they're just all very androgynous on,
but these two were kissing and the other ones like, you can't see their hand and I have no
idea the pronouns for any of these people, but who cares? They're vampires. That's right.
There's definitely some heavy petting in this game. Good Lord. All right. Let them pet
trap of musk among other things. All right. So there's that. And then of course,
legend is all the links awakening, but who cares? Trap of musk. All right, let's move on.
I'm waiting for somebody in chat to be like, it's an anime. SSJ100 Matt says near my salad.
You're so close. You're so close. It's it's really in front of my salad.
All right. All right. DJ Rama S says you can stream that on anime jam session. We support that.
What is, he's going crazy. He misses daddy. That's what's going on. He's, he has been,
Mr. Smoosh has been fed. So while the B roll was going for classic game of the week,
I was letting him out of kitty jail and feeding him. So, you know, we take care of Mr. Smoosh
when you can't see me getting up from my chair, but, um, all right. Anyway,
he's being very needy. Anyway, this is the part of the show where we would go to the mail bag,
but, um, dark sock. What we do have one. Okay. Dark soccer is coming back so she can read the
mail. Do you want me to have Loki do a story or okay. I was ready for this shit. All right.
Did he go right back in kitty jail? No, he let me carry him to kitty jail. Wow. And he,
I even played with his foot and he started to purr. Oh, good. So apparently he likes the feets.
He just misses dad because dad would usually be home around eight o'clock.
So, and he's just not right now. So, all right. Anyway, uh, dark soccer, mailbag,
a very short email from Robert M. My head Canon for animal crossing is that the characters,
including yours are living plush toys. Also has anything been said or theorized about
pocket camp connection? First of all, pocket camp is not going to have a connection.
They have said so. Oh, bummer. Well, I believe that's what they said. Everything I've indicated
I've seen indicates that it's not going to have connection. I think I've seen that too.
And then the other thing, um, I still believe in the hot to full boyfriend theory where, um,
humans are, uh, are, uh, a dying breed. And actually we got another email from Y Y R
while I was reading the other mail. Wow. Talk about timing.
Well, maybe it got went out before then. I just didn't refresh. But anyway,
um, this doesn't, yeah. Anyway, hello. This email has been sent to acknowledge the dream game
submission from last week's episode. Number seven 91, Sunday, September 8th. Your submission has
been received. Been an earlier submission is currently being processed. Submissions
will be processed in the order receive. Wait a minute. He said an earlier
submission is being processed. Please be patient while the process is completed.
You remember what you said, right? It was vectors. Yeah. Thank you for using the Y Y R games,
dream game submission service regards Aaron. Y Y R dude. I'll just be happy if it's turds, but plays
like, um, like, uh, I just said the damn game a moment ago at tempest. He needs to say it like
the Skype lady. When you call echo one, two, three, thank you for using the dream game
submission service after the tone. Please leave your game. Thank you for using the Y Y R games,
dream game submission service. How was that? In case of an emergency landing, there's two exits
above the lava toy, two exits above the wings. I think my accent was pretty okay. No, your
accent was good. Yeah. All right. Act F has a theory at animal crossing saying animal crossing
is probably a kid-friendly version of Dr. Moreau's Island or whatever it's called. The Island of Dr.
Island of Dr. Moreau, uh, which I think was a classic movie that was pretty well regarded.
And then they remade it in the nineties. It was like one of Marlon Brando's last movies and
girl, that movie was a mess. Didn't it go into like, they played off of that theme with like
the nutty professor. Maybe I can't help but think of the Island of Dr. Brain by Sierra,
which was superior in every way. Mr. Magoo did some of that too. Does anyone remember Mr. Magoo?
Oh, Rob don't die. Yes, I remember it. I remember Mr. Magoo and I remember Captain Kangaroo.
Tired Island of Dr. Moreau wired Island of Dr. Brain. Okay. Just say it.
I need to find that. Can you, can you play that on some service? Maybe it's in the art on it.
I think it's on the web archive, isn't it? The Dr. Brain thing. I want to play that on a live
stream some night. I think that'd be fun. All right. I'm looking it up right now. The Island
of Dr. Brain. Bobby Black Wolf says I have it on my DOS machine, Dr. Brain. Bobby stream it.
Only available in DOS. But you can, can you still buy it?
Not that Moby games has a link to it. I think so. I'm going to look it up later after the show.
All right. Uh, let's move on though. We got to, uh, we're running a little long, so I can't find
it. Is this, it's as equal to a game though. The castle of Dr. Brain. They had, they had several
Dr. Brain games. They were all fairly similar. There was yeah. Island castle return. I think
there was a third game. I'm looking so, um, Oh God, there was a bunch. Uh, there was Dr.
Brain action reaction in 99, uh, thinking games, IQ adventure, puzzle madness. Then there was the
time warp of Dr. Brain, lost mind of Dr. Brain, the Island of Dr. Brain and castle of Dr. Brain.
The time warp of Dr. Brain. The time warp of Captain Brain. To load this game,
please jump to the left and step to the right. Right. And then bring your knees in tight.
All right. Moving on Loki, please. Next story before we get too much more derailed.
All right. So this is unfortunate, but apparently the discord nitro games, those are going away
because apparently no one was playing them. I completely forgot. They even have that service.
I didn't forget about the nitro service, but I also remember when we were like, Oh my God,
discord stealth launched a game store onto everyone's PC. They're fucking brilliant and
all this stuff. And it was so stealth that everyone forgot it was there.
Apparently we made a miscalculation in all this praise for discord is that oops,
it was a little bit too stealth and I done forgot. Uh, but yes, apparently, um,
they said they will be removing all games from nitro. Um, apparently the service will be no
longer, uh, you will not be able to access the a hundred plus games that were included in the
service after October 15th. And just, they said they were removing, they're still selling nitro
cause they still want the, the emojis on every server and your price on your name. And you can
do the boost cause, um, we want to, and Bobby talked about this a little bit on his show. We
kind of wanted to boost the VOG network server, but you can't just directly do that. Like we
can't just throw 20 bucks at them and say, boost the certain, like we have to actually get so many
people to use their boost on the server. And that's silly. Yeah. That was a little weird.
So discord, if you're out there, let us give you money the old fashioned way. Rob, for the record,
I found, uh, the, uh, download for the island of dr brain and you can get, uh, the DAS emulators.
Nice. Except the legal ease of that. Is that legal? Play in your browser.
Okay. So that's what I thought. Web archive, I think had it at some point. Okay. I'm on my
abandonware.com. Well, that's, that is a gray area as we know. And I just have to be careful
what I stream on Twitch. Uh, but I, if it's still on web archive, then I think that's fair game
because then you're just, I'm playing games at a library. All right. Anyhow, uh, let's move on.
Actually quickly, um, uh, chat comments here. Tiger claw says discord nitro doesn't seem worth
it because one of the features is being able to post animated emojis and stuff. Uh, Bobby says
the feature we want for our server is the update up bit rate in the chat channels. Yes, that is true
to make the voice quality even better and more pristine on these programs. Or, uh, for instance,
when extra fur and I are doing a show and using discord to do it, he'll sound even better, um,
with if we were to have it up server, but that is a, uh, that is a conversation for another day.
Yeah. Bobby says we want to pay for that as a company and not make you guys subscribe to
discord to get it. Exactly. You guys are already paying with your subs and your biddies. We could
just take some of that money and give it to discord, but they won't let us. So, all right.
Anyhow. I mean, I guess we could subscribe as individuals, but you need what you need,
like two people to boost it, to get to the first level, but then you need like 20 to get to the
next. I don't know. It's a little weird. Anyway, let's move on though. Um, let's talk about,
Ooh, let's talk about civilization six. You know, I will take any excuse to talk about civilization
on this show, but I'm really curious for, um, Bobby's opinion on this because Bobby and I at
dragon con did a battle royale one Oh one panel. And, uh, we were talking about what games would
you like to see go the battle royale route. And we had a lot of games come up, but you know what
game I don't think ever came up civilization, but guess what? For fire access, who of course
is the company behind all the Civ games and two K who publishes them, uh, is taking their own
approach on a battle royale mode, uh, for civilization six it's called red death. It's a
12 player competitive game. So it's not 99. It's 12. I guess that's as many as Civ can handle. Uh,
and it puts the battle royale on the strategy game, but what you're doing, you're not really,
okay. So, you know, Civ is one type of game, but in this you're in a post apocalyptic world.
And so it's like all military driven. So you're doing the military and strategic side of
civilization. You're not doing the whole like science trees and development trees and all the
other stuff, the other types of micromanaging in the game. It's not so much for X it's just X
it's more the military side of things. That's probably the best way I can explain it.
So you don't play the usual leaders. You play, um, a post apocalyptic type of thing,
and you're trying to get off the planet by wiping everyone else out. Clearly it's the only way
everyone in the game starts with one civilian, one infantry unit and one machine gun unit.
And you grow your faction to crush the other factions. There's no wonders of the world.
And this is interesting too. There is a storm that shrinks the safe space,
just like you would see now that part I'm like, okay, that definitely seems more like traditional
battle royale. Because otherwise, when I read about this, I'm like, this just sounds like a
fancy mod that isn't really battle royale. It's just a military only model. Oh, okay.
They're taking cues with the shrinking eye of the storm and things like that. Okay. All right. It
pushes people more towards the center. I got that. Here's the other part, as much as you might want
to say that doesn't really feel battle royale. Well, here's, here's something that might really
lessen the complaints. It's free as long as you own civ six. So, Hey, I'm all for enhancements
and new things. So, it is a new free mode for anybody that already owns the core civ six.
So, that's pretty cool. Because I have to admit, I bought civ six. I played it a little bit. And
then I got distracted with other games as tends to happen. So, I need a reason to go back and
visit civilization six. That's for sure. So, anyhow. So, I don't see any comments from Bobby
Blackwell on this. I was wondering if he was going to say something on this. But I do see some
comments from other people. Kaijuto says, as much as I love battle royale, this civ game sounds
awful. Well, I think you kind of have to be into civ to get it. But like, if you don't really play
civ, it doesn't sound action packed because civ is not. Act F says, imagine a 99 player battle
royale game of civ. It would take years to finish. Maybe, but I would bet in a 99 player, I actually
would be down for a 99 player version of the traditional civilization game because civilizations
are going to get squashed fast. I think you would have to take out the barbarians to make it work
and have a really big planet. But I think there could be something there. But then if you're in
one of the top 10 civs, you're going to be playing for a long time. So, as Jonah and Matt says, I'm all
for this. And here's the comment from Bobby saying, I need to see more of it. Well, there is a trailer
out there. They did put out a trailer on YouTube. So, you can see a little bit more of it out there.
Sorry, I didn't rip it in time for tonight's show. But I know a lot of you are tech savvy
and probably already opening up YouTube in another window to take a look. So, there you go.
All right, let's move on. A few more stories before we get to some phone calls and stuff via
Discord. So, let's go to Dar Sakura. You've been kind of hinting at this one too all night.
Yeah, I have it on my wishlist on Steam. It's coming out in a few days from what I understand.
Sorry, on September 24th. A game designed by PsyOp and it is called I Love You, Colonel Sanders,
a finger looking good data simulator. Yeah, it is KFC dating sim where you date a young hot Colonel
and he looks just like. Oh, you remember when those like versions were coming out like fan art
versions of different mascots were out like there's the cute Wendy's, the snarky cute Wendy's
and the Burger King looking a little kind of younger and they had the hot Colonel Sanders.
Well, hot Colonel Sanders is in the game. I liked Reba as Colonel Sanders for the record.
Reba, they had a commercial with Reba McEntire playing the Colonel. When?
Only about a year ago. It wasn't that long ago. It was a recent memory. Guess who doesn't watch TV?
But it was on Twitter. I'm a big Twitter, like of course. I have all that blocked.
Just saying. And we have YouTube Red at home. I have a block too, but when I go outside,
I have this mobile device that lets me see things. Yeah, but I also have ad block on my iPhone.
Seriously? For everything. I actually don't use the Twitter app. I use echo phone. Oh,
it's ad blood. This was something people were posting because it's, it's fucking Reba McEntire.
She's allowed to go around. The moment that I see an ad about something, I just ignore it.
Even if it's Reba? Even if it's Reba, because I'm not going to let my memory of her think of her as
a sellout. Reba can do whatever she wants. And then I have to go listen to Fancy. Dark soccer
is there. Here's your one chance, ad block. Don't let me down. Peter Parker says, yes,
it's coming out on the day of KFC's founding. Well, a little bit more about this is that
he is going to be a culinary student with you, that he's gone back to culinary school to become
the world's greatest fried chicken salesman. And so that becomes one of your challenges to help
him with that as well as you learn recipes and you have different, you know, other tasks to do
in the game. But you know, this isn't the first time that KFC delved into romance, right? You
know? Well, I can't say I've been following the Colonel's love life closely, but- In Mother's Day
2017, KFC did a romance novel called The Tender Wings of Desire with a hotness version of the
Colonel. Okay. I'm going to say it. I'm sorry. I can't. I'm going to say it. Can the Colonel be gay?
Boy, play as girl. No, I'm kidding. No, I don't see why not. I mean- No, in this game.
Yeah. I don't know. It doesn't say anything about it, but for people who don't know where
that reference came from, what was that game we played at E3 that was like the dating fucking
game? And we're like, can you play guys? Boy, play as girl. That's what the guy literally said.
No, I'm laughing my ass off because this actually fucking happened. It was Feel 3 or something like
that was the name of it. Yeah. And we were doing the demo at Dark Soccer literally as like, you
know, the way you phrase it. Like, can two men play? Can two men play? And that was, boy, play
as girl. Literally the response. And he turned red. This was also years ago. This was like the
three feel, I think. Three feel, that's it. This was like 2005, I'm sure the game was.
This was Kensha Hall, wasn't it? It was Kensha Hall. So that'll date our experience. It was a
long time ago. Society has progressed a long way since the days of three feel. For the record,
I think the game did come out because I found references to it. Yeah, there were some links
about it out there, but yeah, I think that it still exists.
Pixel Pacas in chat says, I actually had that question, Rob. Thank God some of you
are doing the investigative journalism when we are unable. In the game, they do not specify
who the protag is or if you can select a gender. So basically the protagonist is whoever you want
them to be. I like that. I like that. Leave it up to your imagination. And Tiger Claw in chat says,
so basically you're saying this game is finger lickin' good.
Apparently you can still get three feel. Hold on, everyone. I just want everyone to note
episode 792, September 15th, 2019 at approximately 8 29 PM on the West Coast. Tiger Claw said
something really, really fucking funny. A winner is you.
All right. And for the record, your is spelled Y O U apostrophe R E. I'm just saying.
Right. Anything else we need to say about the KFC dating sim?
Fuck no, but I'm going to stream the shit out of it.
You should. You should. And don't forget in December, I'm going to be doing a holiday
star for hot to full boyfriend. I'll be waiting with bated breath. All right. Moving on,
Loki. I'll buy myself a pizza if I do it. All right. So this is kind of, I guess,
unfortunate, but you may remember that Billy Mitchell of Donkey Kong high score fame had his
and hot sauce and hot sauce. Well, pretty much only hot sauce anymore because his
scores fake hair. I'm just saying his scores were invalidated a while ago.
So basically his scores were invalidated and, you know, his record was taken out of the Guinness
Book of World Records. And now, of course, because of that, he is threatening legal
recourse against Guinness World Records and Twin Galaxies if they don't, uh, retract their
defamatory statements against him and reinstate his high score world records within the next two
weeks. You know who I haven't heard about in the news the past couple months? Who? Billy
Mitchell. You know who I'm hearing about in the news all of a sudden? Billy Mitchell. Wow. Fancy
that. Funny how that works. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Isn't life funny? Isn't fame something else?
It is funny. And, um, I just don't think they have a strong case to be honest. I mean,
based on some of the stuff I've seen where they're showing you the video footage or whatever from his
games, apparently versus what's out there and how they can't recreate this the way the screen is,
um, kind of drawing in. It's just, I don't know, like it's ridiculous. It's not surprising though.
If this goes to trial, does Bobby Black Wolf get called as a witness?
That's all. And is there going to be a Bobby Black Wolf subpoena that happens? That's what
I want to know. Is that, is that going to be a thing that happens? Will this be covered
by Variety? And could they quote him again in Variety? Tiger call says he's been streaming
on Twitch. Oh yeah. I heard Billy Mitchell got into Twitch streaming not that long ago.
So streaming maim. I get, I don't know. How many viewers does he get on the regular? Not that
that's important, but I'm just curious. Like how many people are watching him do his Donkey Kong
speed runs or whatever he's working on next? He gets a few hundreds as Bobby Black Wolf.
Interesting. Well, good for him, but I just, I'm curious to see where this goes. I don't think that
they're going to, well, obviously they're not going to reinstate his records. I can't wait
for there to be a settlement. So this can be in the news all over again in a few more months.
And we can talk about Billy Mitchell again. I don't think there's anything needs to be settled.
I don't think he has any evidence. So let him Sue. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says he does the full
TG thing, twin galaxy things where he shows the motherboard. Like they require,
he follows all the rules. I think his thing is that they invalidated his Pac-Man record
that was done in 1982 and Mame wasn't invented until 1997. So it wasn't so much about the Donkey
Kong record as it was, Hey, when you threw that out, you threw out all this other stuff. When
I set this record before there was an emulator, basically. So, I mean, I get that, but,
but at the same time, uh, when Lance Armstrong got caught doping or whatever it was,
they didn't just take the metal in the year that he was doping. They took them all.
Yeah. So that is, that is the thing that happens in sports sometimes. So there's kind of two sides
of it, right? Yeah. So anyway. All right. Well, let's move on and I got one more story for you
guys. And this one's kind of an odd thing. And I think, I think, uh, you know, a lot of you guys,
uh, probably heard about this this week and it's kind of a sweet thing, but, uh, it has to do with
Masha hero, Sakurai, who of course is the great mind behind, uh, super smash brothers and the
ultimate super smash brothers that was recently released on the switch. Um, and of course there's
this great meme around the internet, uh, where there's a picture of Sakurai during one of the
Nintendo directs, but someone has captioned it. Don't ask me for anything ever again. And that
picture never fails to crack me up whenever there's a smash brothers announcement like
Terry Bogart or, uh, uh, five more DLC characters coming than somebody replies to that picture.
Don't ask me for anything ever again, but there's actually kind of like an
ah moment about this because, uh, Sakurai took home some awards at the Japan game awards 2019.
And he actually gave a speech and the translated version of the speech goes like this.
I'm sorry for bringing up this personal story at a time like this, but making smash brothers
on the switch was the last mission the late Satoru Iwata gave to me. I've put my all into the
game and with more DLC, I will continue to work hard. So that is really sweet. It's one of those
things where it's like, don't ask me for anything ever again, unless you're Satoru Iwata, right?
Then you get whatever you want. And I think that is a very, very, uh, very cool little note to end
on. And obviously everybody loves this new smash brothers game. It's doing very well and still don't
have it yet. Still, I'm kind of surprised. It's never going to go on sale. So I don't know which
I, well, I still remember to send my switch controller in to get fixed because the first
thing I did wrong was I put that the wrong switch controller is broken. So I still have to send that
in cause it's slightly broken, but not as bad as the other one. And then I had to eventually send
the other one in, but I just haven't, I remember to do that. Yep. Which by the way, GameStop dude,
your fucking controller is so goddamn broken that like, it's just the camera is just straight down
in like, you know, Breath of the Wild. Just fucking take advantage of that Nintendo service
to fix that shit or put a new fucking controller on your damn demo kiosk. Like shit. I'm going to
move on to open up our discord, uh, for anybody that wants to call in. And if you want to be on
the show tonight, just head on over to our discord and he can join the green room and we'll be taking
calls there, uh, here shortly. Um, but I do want to read some of these comments from chat while
we wait for folks to join, uh, cause it's a very kind words there for Sakurai. Um, actdeft in chat
says Sakurai is wholesome and we don't deserve him. SSG100 Matt says, let Sakurai sleep. Uh,
actdeft says Iwata was a mentor to Sakurai, almost a father figure. You know, you have to remember
Satoru Iwata kind of worked his way up too. I mean, he balloon fight. Hello. That was him.
And he worked on other games as well. And then DarkSakuraOLR in chat says Sakurai also has good
hair. True. He does. He does. He doesn't really just really good hair. He does. Yeah. Yeah. I
wish I had Sakurai's hair, but I don't genetics. They're a bitch. What? Very fashionable. True.
But you know what? I really like hats. Do you like my hat today? By the way, I don't know if
it's, I don't know if it's coming through on Twitch very well, but it's a, it's a rainbow
Pikachu hat. Uh, and I thought it was appropriate for community day today. Um, I'm almost embarrassed
to say I got it at Spencer gifts, believe it or not. They were having a deal on hats. It was like,
buy one, get one free. So I bought this hat and I bought one. I haven't worn on stream yet. Should
I say what it is? Do it. It's a Waluigi hat. So I'll wear that on a future stream. I do changing
the colors of it, but I have hair because I get bored. Yeah. I picked up a wild stallion shirt
this week. Wild stallions. I haven't gotten it yet. You knew this shirt. This is the same one
that Keanu Reeves had on this Sonic shirt that I'm wearing. You know where I got this shirt at a
store target. I believe it. Yeah, I know. It's like crazy. So yeah, you can get some, because
there's there, they're clearing out the pride stuff. I almost got one of those sequence shirts.
Oh really? I want to get two of them and make it into a dress. I was going to say,
I'm surprised you're not buying some of those things just to like get crafty and make your
own thing. I'm kind of thinking of it, but I'm not that good at the seamstress yet. So I don't know
how to sew around the sequence. Gotcha. It's a bummer that my good pal Aria snark lives so far
away. Cause that's the seamstress. I have friends that are costumers. That's good. One of my,
one of the other sisters is actually doing a quilt raffle. We're actually gonna be raffling
out another quilt going on this labeled any way you turn it. Love is love is love is love is love.
I love that. And it's all hearts, heart patches that were donated. I have a completely random
question. I swear we'll get to the phone calls and we'll go back to video games. This is just
something I was stewing on. And maybe since you're involved with sisters, you might know the answer
to this. So, you know, we, we talk about like acronyms in LGBT, right? You know, there's LGBT,
there's LGBTQ plus. Some people call it queer, but not everybody's cool with that. Cause there's
a negative connotation of that word. Some people do the G first. Right. Yeah. Well, yeah, I've
seen GLBT. Sure. Um, but here's my question. Why did the acronym quilt bag never catch on?
Because it's all the same letters. You're the only person I've ever heard say it. Really? Yeah.
I swear I've heard it somewhere else too. And I always love that because I love that
image of a quilt that it's like all these different. I don't know. I will switch
personally between using queer and LGBTQ a plus. I understand some people are really hesitant to
use queer though, because, you know, I, and when I was in grade school, kids would play that game
called smear the queer. Right. And so it has a lot of negative. And I think some people are still
trying to kind of like figure that word out a little bit. Like it's still very negative for
some people. My whole thing is that the words have the power that we give them. I mean,
what bugs me is that there are words used for women and women's parts that are used very
negatively. I am very much against the word fish used in the drag community because the origin of
fish comes from an insult for the way that a woman's privates can smell if it's not washed.
And to say something is fish is to use an insulting term toward women. I will not use it.
I will not allow it to be used around me. That being said, there are women who are reclaiming
the term to use for, for strength. I think that taking a word that has such trauma and stigma
attached to it and turning it around to be something positive and good, because I mean,
queer in its dictionary definition is just different outside the usual.
If we take that and make it mean something that is normal, that's reclaiming the use of the word.
And I have no problem with it, especially for people like me who are pretty much unicorns.
You know, I am an asexual woman. Bisexual people are getting a lot more accepted that are still
kind of on that unicorn spectrum of erasure. Bisexual people also have to deal with the whole
like, you know, oh, you're just loose, you know, like, and then all that kind of garbage,
you know, or like, you know, we have a mutual friend who was in a relationship with a woman
and then married a man that doesn't suddenly make her less bi. Right. Right. Yeah. You know,
or intersex people get left out a lot. The non gender conforming get left out a lot.
You know, I think that having a blanket term, we're all outside of what society deems to be
normal. We are the unicorns. We should be helping each other instead of trying to gatekeep on who's
more queer than someone else. Oh, I like that. We're all the unicorns. You're all that on a
shirt. Although I still feel a little bit more mythical. Yeah. We're all the unicorns, but not
in the never ending story because that I can't handle it. Anyway, that there wasn't a unicorn
in the never ending story. Oh no, it was just a horse. Wasn't it? Our text was a horse. Or am
I thinking of- Did you see that cosplay? I saw that at Dragon Con. Yes, I did. That was
something else. That was some genius there. Yeah, it is. No, the sad unicorns are the ones in
legend that got killed. That, okay. I crossed my eighties movies. Okay. Yeah. Cause that's the
scene you still won't watch. I remember you talked about that. And Pixel Pacas, I'll tell you this.
Pixel Pacas says, I feel like the term is being reclaimed, being reclaimed is totally fine.
I, but I don't feel comfortable using it for myself. That's fine. Oh yeah. I know. Like,
well, when it comes to the word fancy ass guy, take that as an acronym. Some
guys like to use that as a term of empowerment. I'm a little,
I don't know. I don't know how I feel about it. It was funny enough. And this happened at Dragon
Con. A queen actually came up to me and said, you are a fish as fuck. And I'm like, that's because
I have a real vagina. And she's like, oh, I thought you were kind of short. You know what
though here? Okay. This is like totally tangent train. I'm sorry, but you know, we're getting
towards the end of the show. Deal with it. I feel like you and I need a show where like,
throughout the week when serious questions we have come up, like the one I just thought it,
we just need to write it down, put it in a jar. And like each episode we just take something out
of the jar and like have a serious fucking like discussion about doing because it's us. I know,
but like, I feel like there's a little, like there's a little more purpose here.
That was very like, what? It doesn't have a purpose. That's the, you know,
but like, I feel like Robin, Jamie, explain it all or try, try Robin, Jamie, try, insert, try
to explain to them. Oh my God. That would be great. And then the, the logo could just be
that star when in comic sans Robin, Jamie tried. Yeah. I like that. We might have to do that.
Yeah. That's it. Robin, Jamie tried. Okay. This is happening. Y'all eventually.
You like that. You want to guest on this show? Loki, Robin, Jamie tried.
Sure. Why not? Well, I am planning on doing a sister podcast that is coming around,
but I think it would be great. I mean, cause I want to do things to talk about the special
needs that sisters have. Cause I mean, we support so much in our fucking communities,
but what supports us, right? And there's lots of, there's some fight and there's some drama.
You cannot have people in a queer community that ain't got some drama. Just saying. So I'm trying
to do something for that, but I would absolutely love to have them read, just sit and talk this
shit about the stuff that's going on. Okay. We're going to plan it. Do you want, would you be willing
to do it a video show so we can like premiere it on VOG? Do like a geek? I guess. All right.
Okay. All right. I want to make Bobby perk up. I'm making content. We'll do this show while I'm
doing my makeup. Yeah, sure. Why not? Why not? You can, you can do your makeup. I guess we have
to be doing something different every show. What would I be doing? I'll learn needle point. You'll
learn needle point. All right. I'll teach you how to crochet. Oh, I'll do Perler beads. I can do
those. I have a bunch of Perler beads I hadn't used in a while. Yeah, we'll do Perler. That
would be great because then we could like, I could give away the Perler beads. So it's arts
and crafts and chat. I love that. And we tried. I'm going to fuck up. Sometimes you're going to
fuck up. I actually want to learn needle point. Cause I went, I have a linen apron and I just
wanted to say kitchen bitch and then have the B slashed out and do a W over it. That's funny.
You talk about that. Cause I've been on a good place binge this past week. I've never watched
that show. So I want a shirt that says dress bitch so bad. Or, um, what was, Oh God, what was
the one help somebody it's season three when Chidi has a moment and he goes, he goes to the store
and he takes it that they're like, sir, you have to wear a shirt right now. I have no fucking clue
what he's talking about. He takes the shirt and it says, Oh my God. Oh wait. Is Shane texting me?
It says who, what, where, when wine, I would wear that. Thank you, Shane. I would wear that.
Sorry. That's too good. That's like fucking I'm sitting here blanking.
Don't you wish you could do that in the real world? Like you're just there and you're like,
try to like, you're at a meeting. You're like, I forgot what I was going to say.
And then suddenly like God texts you and it's just, Oh, there's the answer.
Seriously. Still want a shirt that says Jenna clock.
All right. Uh, let's move on. Poor Rama has been singing there like,
okay, Ron, for like 15 minutes while we're sitting here talking about
everything else under the sun. Hi Rama. How are you?
I'm fine, Rob. How are you? I'm great. Now that I remembered what that fucking shirt said,
and now that we've had our queer discussion, one Oh one chat, but maybe you have a video game or
two you'd like to talk about. I just want to say, I kind of feel bad cause I'm sitting here waiting
and the chat's going and I'm like, I'm like randomly unmuting the show so I can hear what's
going on. So that when you pick up the call, there's no feedback, you know? So I'm just trying
to figure yourself out pro tip because I actually do this to monitor as well.
So I'm going to give you a little inside baseball, what happens behind the scene.
So I think everybody is figured out behind the scenes a little bit, actually. Okay. You know
what? I'm in a real fuck it mode tonight and we'll, we'll do and do things a little unprofessional.
Jamie, since you're right by the camera, would you tilt it just a little bit so that they can see the
TV and they can actually see, thank you. You're going to have to set it back. Okay. So you can
actually see, we have a TV that's here that actually lets us see like ourselves. So we know
what's going out on the stream and we can see like the discord and all of that stuff that actually,
um, goes, goes on out there. Um, so yeah, no, you're fine. That's, that's how it goes back.
So it's like, it's just like sitting just barely off there. So usually before OLR starts Bobby
Black Wolf, we have the VOG network Twitch up there on the TV. It also gave me a chance to
fix this corner of the tripod that was like about to fall off. It's been bothering me all night.
Um, so we're usually watching Bobby Black Wolf on the TV, but when, when he does that call to us,
we turn him off so that we can take the call, but we never put him back on because if he's on this
computer, then that audio is going to go out when we take the feed. So what we do, and my point is,
what we do is then I move the feed to the mobile phone and I watch on my mobile until he's done.
And then that way I'm, I'm able to quickly turn it off and start the feed. So my pro tip is if
you're sitting there on hold waiting, use your mobile phone to still, and then that way you're
not going to get the feedback. Hold on. I forgot the horns apparently. Oh, okay. According to act
deaf. So I had to throw up some horns. All right. Little look behind the scenes there. I'm sure. I
think all you knew there was like a TV or some type of monitor here. Cause you can usually,
we're just staring off and see us looking at it. We're really bad about that. I mean,
sorry. In the, I have watched some Japanese Pokemon, so I have in the brain instead of me.
Well, I'm hoping in a future studio, I'm hoping what is going to happen is that the TV will
actually be there behind Jamie or next to Jamie. So we can see it, but then, well, I'm hoping that
by then I'll have a 4k TV. So we'll have two TVs. So that's, but that's pie in the sky future
improvements, et cetera. But that's not what Rama wanted to talk about.
Of course, as she went under Matt, just clip that.
What's up Rama?
I will say that's how I kind of have my setup when I do my stream, but, um, a couple of things
now I've been reading about the whole GameStop closing stores. And normally I would sit here
and laugh and be like, sucks to be you guys, but I think I I've matured somewhat. So I'm more like,
well, maybe they do things differently because I have been saying for the longest time,
what GameStop needs to do is start closing two stores that are between each other,
find a location and between those stores, make it larger and make it sort of like a boutique
X store. Because to be perfectly honest, when I walk into GameStop, it's almost like walking into
a good, the Goodwill of video games. You walk in, there's shelves of games here,
there's clothing there, there's merch there, there's geeks. It's just like a giant mess.
You know, and I think when you talk about the whole like maturing and all that stuff,
I think it's a similar perspective maybe to like where I was saying earlier. And I think, I think,
Matt and Jamie are on a similar page where it's like, this story is a little harder to sit here
and make fun of and like LOL GameStop, because you kind of realize the people who are really
impacted by this are those workers that are really just trying to like pay their way at,
you know, and get the job experience and so forth. And you kind of feel bad for them. Like,
because this whole thing has been mismanaged for a while, and we all kind of know that,
like you just kind of feel bad for those people that are just trying to have a fucking job. You
know what I mean? I think that's where my head's at. Yeah, because I have a couple of friends who
are managers and yes, even they know they are asshole employees and so forth. And you know,
I don't even talk about GameStop like in a negative aspect anymore. I just feel like,
you know, they got a job to do. I totally get it. I've been on the other side of that,
but I know if I want to go get good service, I know a couple of stores I can travel to,
to get the best service. But you know what? Those who bust their asses in retail to give you the
best service, they don't really get the attention that you deserve as opposed to 9,000 out of 10,
it's more people complaining about the bad service instead of the good service, you know?
I totally, I know how it is. And that's customer service in general. We can go on a whole tangent
with that, how you remember the bad shit, but you know, the good shit doesn't always stick out as
much, but well, that stuff does too. Like I think there's probably a restaurant you go to more often
than others because you just really like some of the staff that works there. But anyway, I digress.
Now I stopped working retail the moment I get held up at gunpoint.
Well, yeah, that's a pretty-
At a GN fucking C.
But you know, that's kind of like an outlier type of experience too.
Yeah, but at a GMC.
Yeah. No, I know. No place is immune.
To back up what Jamie said, that actually happened to a friend of mine about two years ago working at
AT&T flagship store. Yeah, she worked about four months afterwards. Cause you know,
to be perfectly honest, when you've been in retail for so long, it takes a while to make
that adjustment from the retail sector to the private sector, you know, trying to find
where, what type of job that you fit in and so forth, your skillset. Like I said,
I got lucky being in IT my entire life. So I was able to make that jump a lot easier than others.
It's so funny. You're talking about like this whole like private sector and stuff.
I'm going to text you something cause I don't want to stay on here.
I went, I went from mortgage servicing to IT and honestly, I love IT so much more.
Yeah.
Anything else on your mind, my friend?
Can I talk a little gaming nerdy romance for a bit?
Duh, of course, please. Is it going to be, is it going to be the Musk game?
No, this is, this is actually ties into Castle Crashers.
So I haven't really said, but I've been dating somebody for about, let's say about two,
three months. And when she came to visit, we were hanging out gaming and she noticed I had
Castle Crashers. So I'm like, she's like getting a little excited and I didn't realize that's like
one of her all time favorite games. So while she was here, we played Castle Crashers.
And I said, you know, I got free time on Sundays, so we should make it our gaming night. Now, due
to us having odd schedules on the weekends, we couldn't do it until like tonight. Cause she was
not in the best of mood. So I said, you know what, if you're feeling up to it,
let's jump on live, play Castle Crashers, kind of get away from it all.
So I, she goes, I got the game up and running, jump on it. I go and I fire up the game and I'm
not seeing her. I didn't realize till tonight, there was a Castle Crashers remastered and she
was on that one. I'm running, I'm playing the backwards compatible one. So I'm like, well,
I'm kind of short on funds at the moment. So let me see what I can do. So while I'm looking up,
how much it costs, and then I see the deal for the upgrade, she pings me a messenger with a code.
She bought me Castle Crashers remastered just so we could game together. And I'm just sitting there
stunned. I'm just like, you did what? She's like, that's sweet. You're going to buy her dinner.
I've already bought her dinner. I bought her some cute stuff. So, you know, I've been spoiling her
and she spoiled me. And here's the part that kind of also blew my mind. After we played,
she sends me a picture of her with her gaming headset and she's wearing a Sailor Mars shirt.
And I'm just looking at her like that shirt. And she's like, what do you mean? I sent her a picture
of me with my headphones and I'm wearing the Venus version of that shirt, same artist,
but two different send sheets. So we were like, we are on the same hive mind or something. So,
you know, nerdy love in a nutshell. I love this story. I want regular updates on this story.
Well, you'll be getting some updates. Um, we do have some future couple cosplays planned
coming down the line. So you know, couple cosplay. Yes. I love it. I can't wait to
keep making fun of you. Go right ahead. You know, but it's funny, you know, and, you know,
we go a ways back. We met in the same fandom, Ranma what have, and it's like,
she knows what Dan and I met. Yeah. Well, in town square Sailor Moon over our love of Ranma,
you know, that's how Alan and I met in town square Sailor Moon over your love of Ranma.
No, we actually didn't meet that way at all, but it sounded good.
But what's cool is that we've met in the same fandom, but she is, she's like, she's my Midwest
Ucchan. Cause I said to her, I already have an Ucchan. She gets that title cause we're,
that's how it goes. And she's like, okay, I'm cool with that. So, you know,
so now I got two awesome Ucchans in my life. That's so cute. I love it. All right. Well,
sadly I do have to move on cause we have to wrap up here pretty soon, but I look forward to
hearing from you again and hearing what other games y'all are playing together in the future.
I will say this video games are fun cause you mentioned she's in the Midwest. So obviously
you got some long distance thing going on there. I will mention video games are awesome for like
bridging that, especially in this day and age with the multiplayer games. Um, because, you know,
Alan and I, we weren't really long distance. We were like mid distance. Okay. He lived in South
San Francisco. I lived up here in Sacramento. That's about a hundred, 120 miles apart. So like
doable on the weekend, but not really doable during the week. So we played a lot of world
Warcraft back in the day and it was like, we would go party and questing together and stuff.
It was really like he had his Albear or Moonkin or whatever. Yeah. So, uh, video games,
they bring people together. I love it. All right, Rama. Okay. I got to go. Cause I'm still kind of
shocked slash blushing over this whole thing. I'm just like, I got to get back to my,
my semi normal moody self, you know? I love it. All right. Well have fun blushing.
Okay. Take care, buddy. Bye. Bye. Ah, so good to hear from Rama. And I love that I had no,
am I just behind on social media? I had no idea that that was like a thing that was going on.
I knew you knew, but we talked. Yeah, that's fair. And I I've been really out of the loop between
going out of town for so long for dragon con coming back and having to wrap everything up
at my last job and then immediately start a new job where I was out of town for a week.
Like I've just been out of it y'all. So. Apologies if I've been behind on social media,
if you like got married or something and I forgot to congratulate you or you had a baby or something,
like just send me a message and I'll give you your belated congratulations. You didn't like
have another baby or anything. Did you? No, I didn't have anything like that happened this week.
Besides that Nelly had the babies. You know what I mean? No, I didn't do any of that.
Why are you laughing? Did something happen this week? Yeah. You mentioned it on Twitter.
What happened this week? I started a new job. No. You did. I remember replying to you about
something. You'll figure it out eventually. That is the worst possible fucking thing you
can say to somebody that has like no fucking memory in the world. Now I'm on the spot here.
Hold on. I'm looking because there was something Logie tweeted about and I was like,
Oh God, I just went through the 20 tweet thread of my friend that was watching
kidnapped in plain or what is that? Abducted in plain sight. That was it for the very first time.
Oh my God. It was your fucking birthday earlier this week. And I'd forgot to say
something on the show last week. I'm such an asshole. Happy birthday. I remember. Look,
here's the thing. Loki's birthday. Very hard to forget. So I said, well, I was also busy making
myself sad. His birthday. I had no problem. So I'm not that forgetful. I did say happy birthday on
the birthday and tweet about it. But that was like Tuesday and today is Sunday. Tuesday might
as well have been like 500 years ago. Like it's just, that's how fast things move. What did you
get to do for your birthday? Um, I didn't really do anything on my birthday, but we went to being
honest. Like you do. That's a great reward. Did you get the fried rice? Yeah. God, that's the best
stuff in the world. I haven't eaten at Benihana. I will point out only like only like two people
in chat caught on. So y'all are just as dumb as I am. I'm trying to redeem these keys for
Borderlands three, but their site is just, I was wondering what that website was. It looked like,
well, like, okay. So I went in and I had registered like earlier and then it linked,
it created a whole new profile attached to my other email address. So I was like, okay,
well that's not the one I use for Borderlands. So that's not going to work. So I have to redeem all
the keys again. Did you, did, uh, did the kids get you anything for your birthday?
No, no, no gaming stuff. No. What? We got to fix that. Did you buy yourself
Borderlands three for your birthday? I was just going to buy it anyways. There's that. All right,
well we gotta, we gotta pull our money together and get you something nice for your birthday.
All right. Pod culture says I didn't catch it and my birthday is the day before Loki's.
Thank you and happy belated to you as well. Pod culture. I hope you had a great day.
So good. Um, SG100 Matt says, I also didn't say happy birthday on Loki's Facebook,
but I don't go on it anymore. Fair. Excuse me. Happy birthday, Loki. Thank you. So there you go.
It's just another, right? You hit a certain point where it's like, eh, it's just another year.
Was this year 38 or 39? 39. Oh, so the big ones next year. So are you gonna do anything for 40?
I don't know. Right answer. All right. Anyhow. Uh, I think that's gonna about wrap it up. Well,
actually I do want to check if there are any last minute stories, uh, real quick here. I
uh, caught anything for, uh, any other things people want to talk about Loki or dark Sakura
with last minute stories. Not a thing from law. No, I forgot to put a box for last minute
stories tonight. Whoops. Oh, Wells. I don't think we have any. So do you have anything?
No, but now won't let me, I guess. Oh, I, okay. I get what's going on here. Cause I was like
trying to redeem this and it, it did what I needed it to do, but it, it's just a weird,
so yes, I got all my golden keys still and maybe two weapons because apparently they link.
Cause I linked my Epic account to both of them. I had to unlink it from one. So
I don't know. It's stupid. Uh, what level are you? Borderlands three.
Oh, I'm like three. I haven't, I've only played for like a couple hours. Yeah. Well,
hopefully you get to play some more. I almost don't want to play Zane anymore.
I kind of want to play as the beast master again, but I can always play the game again.
All right. Um, well, uh, any final thoughts, I guess, uh, we'll go around and get final thoughts.
Oh, I did. I'm sorry. I did have one last minute, sir. Real quick. Um, so there's this,
luckily it's your birthday, so I'll let it slide. There's this, uh, project that's being worked on
called project 1999 green. It's going to be released October 25th. And what is it? You may
ask? Well, it is Charlie XCX and a Troye Sivan collaboration. No, it is the original version
of EverQuest. They are putting a, um, some fans are putting together a server that's like
EverQuest classic. Oh, I was just so like, wow. Classic inspired type of thing. Interesting.
Yeah. So they're going to, and the servers will then change progress through all of the patches
in the same timeline as the original launch. So in January, 2020, you get plane of fear,
April, 2020 plane of hate, uh, may, 2020 temple of the Celeste row. And then legacy items, uh,
cease to drop November, 2020 ruins of, uh, Knark and 2021 April epics. And it goes on from there.
Where's final fantasy 11 classic. Am I right? It is still classic. It is. It's still going
to beta RO to come back just with the fast leveling warp, please. He'll please prompt,
please prompt, please. One of my favorite pictures ever was when you and I were playing that game
and we both had our little stars masks on and the characters that you were so cute. We were
kneeling down next to each other. And I think I had a flower in my hair and a, Oh, it was a bow
and the stars mask. I was like, I wish we could find that picture playing a priest. I have it
somewhere on my computer and I think it was playing my assassin. We need to post it on
social media somewhere. It's tiny. I mean, this was low res cause I think it was like windows 95,
but still, yeah, I'll find this computer probably could run it. All right. Anyway. All right. Uh,
that's going to do it for another episode of orange laundry tonight. Thank you guys so much
for listening to the show, either on the podcast feed, of course, or if you were watching us live
on Twitch or even in the archives on Twitch, cause you're a subscriber. Thank you so much for your
support of orange lounge radio. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Um, been having a lot of fun
these past few weeks and we're marching on, on to episode 800 and, uh, looking at doing some
retooling of a few segments of the show, uh, which I still have yet to talk to Jamie and Matt about,
but, uh, I know they have ideas too. So we have some fun stuff in store. Hopefully nothing too
idea. I don't want you guys to freak out. It's not a big deal, but you know, just once, once in
a while you got to fluff the pillows, zhuzh it up a little. So that's, that's what we're talking
about. So anyhow, then pillows be even fluffier out, we'll be sleeping vertical. If you enjoyed
what you heard here at orange launch radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but the voices have to be here to like put out on the air and stuff. So please
help us spread the word. Um, we got to go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Uh, dark, Oh, a nice five star review on iTunes goes a long way. Hosts on Twitch are the best.
So if you have a Twitch account, even if you don't stream that much yourself,
please consider adding VOG network and Rob Roberts and dark Sakura. I had to and Loki of course,
to your auto host list, uh, on, but most of all VOG network to your auto host list, because that
all goes a very, very long way in helping to spread the word. Cause I know I find new streams
from what my friends are watching. So think about how you might've found this anyway. Uh,
let's go around and get everybody's final thought. Uh, dark Sakura, since you're,
you're packing up about ready to get out for the night. Well, if Dan will ever tell me what
he needs from the freaking grocery store, if he wants to wait to go with me, I mean,
geez, husband, how hard is it to answer your text messages? You've got car play. I mean, I love you.
Uh, my final thought is speaking of cars, like I'm even though my current car is not paid off,
I can't, they're, they're leaving me those flyers, like trade in your car and get a new car. And I'm
like, Oh, they send those to everybody. I go, of course they do, but I'll be honest though,
the roller skate is starting to have issues. No, it still makes me go. I kind of want a new car.
Doesn't Alan want to take over the payments on my car so I can get a new roller skate. I was
driving by the rink over here and I'm surprised how packed that thing is. Oh yeah. Oh, they do
like private events and stuff. I think especially like, cause there's a lot of big churches in the
area and a lot of them will rent it out and do like, you know, teen and kid events. I'm just
people to suggest cars that are as small as a Fiat, but aren't a smart car or, um, a Chevy spark.
So, all right. Uh, let's see. I was your final thought. My final thought, your final thought,
uh, my final thought is hopefully get the place more Borderlands this week and I'm still working
on my game. I hope so too. Don't forget your cookies. Oh yeah. Those cookies are, I ate
fucking four cookies, dark soccer. They were really good. So I'm glad you enjoyed. All right,
we'll see what cookies. I didn't bring them all with me as I have some waiting for me at home.
We'll see what cookies are in store next week. We will be back next week to do this all again.
You're still here next week, right? I know there's a show in the near future you're off, but
that is after I have my surgery. Oh, that's October, right? That is the weekend after.
Yeah. Cause October is getting crazy cause I have a bunch of hosting gigs, but none of them are on
Sunday, but that actually may depend on my recovery. So it's a, it's a depends. All right.
It depends because I have the week off of work after that to recover from my surgery,
but they say that may only need two days. Oh, cool. All right. Well, we will be back in seven
days. All of us to do this show all over again, and we hope you'll be joining us at that time.
Thank you so much for sticking with us for another night of orange launch radio.
Have a great week and good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into
vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM. Pacific 9 PM. Eastern the views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
