🎵Music🎵
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of buh-caw-caw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 111.
Even if you're dyslexic, you can read that number, forward and backwards.
For this, September the 12th of 2004, my name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Skye.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts. Running back from the kitchen
where she should be
is the dark side.
Dark stack right. I'm going to do something that I haven't done in a while.
You see this potato? Yes. Look I'm putting it on the webcam.
Webcam. I can't see the webcam.
I'm just going to hold it out here indefinitely. Okay.
I am eating a potato. Do you want me to go walk over there and hold it in front of the camera?
Oh, she ate it.
Potatoes.
You don't eat potatoes anymore.
No. You were right. These are some pretty damn good country potatoes.
Dude, I nearly got run off the road like three times, but one of them I didn't mind because he was really hot.
No, seriously. This guy in this big, humongous truck, and he was just like, hot, and then I passed him.
And then he passed me, and he had Alabama plates.
Oh my. And on top of that, it was Houston County plates.
Oh. I was born in Houston County.
Dothan, Alabama. God, Dothan, Alabama is where our fucking movie gallery headquarters is.
No shit. Talk about a hick town that is. It's not a hick town.
Oh, it's a hick town. How do you been there? Come see our Walmart!
That's about it. No, you've never been there.
I'm sorry, they're famous for their peanut festival, my mistake.
Moving on, from our sweet southern belle, dark sakura, to our sweet southern belle,
Loki, our tech massa.
I am not southern nor belle.
You're more like a northern, I don't know, wind chime, I don't know.
A northern wind chime.
Anyway, uh, say hi to Loki everybody.
Hi, Loki!
joining us tonight nobody absolutely nobody oh my god this is the best
awesome thing in the world what it's high random yes I will go hold it in
front of webcam if you want this is the best movie in the world okay not really
but it's really awesome see it's rad that's one of the two movies I got for
my birthday that I ordered the first one being rad the second one being monster
what happens doesn't get on here yet
wolfman getting kicked in the night
we had a good look on
the world will send out my heart
all right
yeah right
uh... yeah
nobody else is here yet although i hear we're supposed to have like five guests
and i don't know where they're all out but it will just kind of waiting to have
a mom
i guess they're doing better things
so in the meantime we'll just get my new ignition pad up on the couch and that
could be to get
but he's actually aware of the ignition pad box on his head yes i will wear the
box
all right outside the box get a kick out of that on the camp
we'll be back after this break featuring some music from
uh... desero
i'm gonna try and make it a whole desero break if i can find enough music
okay that box is like really smelly so i can't wear that
kobalt
jamie wants desero music i'm gonna see i'll see if i can find it
we'll be back
Oh God...
Yeah
I couldn't find any other desro so I'm gonna play this song that reminds me of
desro in a way instead I couldn't find kobold I'm sorry sorry I know I have it
somewhere but I can't find it right now so one more forgive you cuz I had
cheesecake.
She killed the pom-pom
Na-na-na-na-na-na Na-na-na-na-na Na-na-na-na-na
Orange Lounge Radio
Bahmani Music
and more
We are back with Orange Lounge Radio
episode number 111
And we're down with the sickness
One, one, one
We're number one
One
We're echoey today
We finally got some guests during the break
Hi guests!
And not Red Octane Man, Red Octane Man isn't here anymore
Maybe Red Octane Man will make an appearance on the cam later
We'll make an appearance on the cam later, but we have the orange lounge madam is here
She hasn't been here in a while. Say hello to the orange lounge madam pixie dust. I gotta go pee. I'll be right back
Yes, we have three mics now I'm like the mics bread our mics had a baby
Actually, we had a retarded
We adopted a microphone from DER angel and say
Say hello to no stylin
Turn on the microphone.
Hello.
Make the O face.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
No silence here.
And Pixie Dust brought me pineapple cake.
Yay.
Dude, those are so good.
Huh?
Yay.
And I got diet soda.
So I can eat cake and diet soda because that's such a great combination.
All right.
First things first.
I'm going to start off the show by just saying this disclaimer.
If you're tuning in to hear some hint or something for Ultramix 2 or Xtreme or something, not
gonna happen tonight.
Sorry guys, we don't have anybody special from KDAA here tonight.
Maybe next time.
I don't know.
Hey, I'm fucking special, okay?
But you should listen to us because we rock.
You sure are special.
You're special enough for the Olympics.
Yay.
Listen to us because- We're short-busts just for you.
We're dorks and we make asses of ourselves on the radio for your benefit.
I'm a dork. I'm a dork.
Okay, you're a geek, sorry.
Thank you. Get it right.
This has been the week for geek stuff, I swear. All the good games come out.
How so?
What games?
Just Silent Hill 4. What else do you need?
Yeah, well, you know, I went shopping and I picked up lots of good geek stuff that's gonna give me hours of entertainment.
I guess this should be a good segue into how was your week, how was your day, and we'll start it off by hearing from DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was pretty damn good. I did homework all week. I worked all week, but we finally
started getting slow because all of the little kiddies who needed their student loans are
now happily in class. Thank God. So it's just been, you know, we get a little bit of a pick
up at work, but other than that it's just nice and relaxed and we finally get a chance
get all of our crap done and of course lo and behold the moment we get a slow
week I get like five escalated calls that I deal with all by myself because I
don't really like to let anybody else handle my business and then I finally
picked up my student loan money the saga is over it's just a whole bunch of crap
because ARC is backwards as hell so uh oh that's beautiful Rob. Rob is putting the
ignition pad box on his head. He is digging for ignition. Oh my god. He feels the ignition. It's not
pyramid head it's moron head. Rob you been on the sugar or something? Some caffeine
some code red I should take a crap in that box okay excuse me I was trying to
talk about my week thank you sorry I was having a Silent Hill moment and ignition
pad head came into her house anyway so I unfortunately could not take up Silent
Hill for this week I lament over this but I got something very nice and
compensation I finally finally finally dimple over here in Sacramento got more
of those Stargate box sets in you know nice and used but the discs are all in
good shape so I picked up one of them and their used product is usually pretty
good because I turn in my new stuff and get money for stuff I got for free are
you turning in box sets yeah crap like such such as these fine contenders on my
table here touching touching evil and yeah it's it's more Annie crap touching
evil sounds kind of well the seven Annie it's like Annie crap yeah it's crap but
but it's worth ten dollars to me hey if ever you get any stuff from the history
channel they'll let me know okay I like a good documentary that's because I'm a
big nerd but I've also decided that I'm gonna start doing my vocabulary word of
the day because I want to increase my vocabulary again so I've been looking at
dictionary.com a lot get one of those calendars you know what calendar I need
is the worst case scenario calendar because it has neat stuff like how to
avoid landmines because you never know when you're going to be taking a stroll
through a minefield. Don't go to Korea! The other thing I've been doing this week is
basically downloading like a Mad Fiend getting ready to install my nice lovely
250 gigabyte hard drive. Ooh, pretty. They rock so much I have one too. They're awesome.
The only thing I don't like is that it's a Maxter and I prefer Western Digital
because you know my hard drive that died like soon after I got my bio was a... Maxter fucking O.G.
Was the Maxtor mine's a Western Digital and
But Dan's lasted for four years and his but his was a master
He started messing up when he started doing that image screen saver because he has it on his main cabinet and he started pulling up
Different main images. Hmm, and
It's just it recycled all those images and it keeps pulling from your hard drive. So I guess it just wore it out. It was spent
weird
250 gigabytes, by the way will hold a hell of a lot of porn just so you know, thank you Rob
Rob, I appreciate your informative attention to the content of my hard drive.
Anytime. That's what I do on this show.
I don't have porn.
I give public service announcements.
That's like 60 dual-layer DVDs of porn.
60 dual-layer?
I don't have porn either. Why would I save it when I can always re-access the website at a later date?
Liar!
I save it just in case if I need porn and the internet is down.
in such an emergency case like that I require porn to be on the hard drive at
all times
I see. You're engaged why do you need porn?
As you see I do not live with my fiancee
wait a minute I can answer this as his roommate and somebody that sees him
interact with his fiancee regularly
it's because she is a porn fiend too and they watch it together she is more into
the porn than he is
Dude porn's funny. She came over here the other day
and requested to watch the Paris Hilton tape. I'm like...
I've never seen that. How bad is it?
Again? I've seen it like three times. It's not that interesting.
Okay, back to my week. By the way, Janae,
I just want to let you know the lighting makes you look naked on our cam according to the...
which is amazing considering she's wearing a pink shirt
yet she's black. She looks like fucking red on the cam. How does she look naked?
It's just one giant nipple.
Yeah, that's because our chat room has issues.
It doesn't even look...
Okay, I'm turning from the chat room so that I can play with the chat room again.
Oh, sorry, I didn't know the camera was still on.
Anyway...
Sorry, how was your week, how was your day, Jamie?
I'm all pissed off because of the hurricane, because its path is going to go through Mobile.
And I'm really...
Is that that killer hurricane?
Yeah, but by the time it hits in Alabama it's gonna be like
maybe a type 2. I hope it doesn't hit where I'm going.
I don't think it will though. Okay, first of all, you're going to freaking Pennsylvania and I think the last time
a hurricane hit Pennsylvania was... never!
But you're saying there's a chance. No, I'm not saying that there's a chance.
What if a volcano erupts while I'm out there? Hey, you're not traveling to L.A.
Okay, first of all, there are no volcanoes in Pennsylvania.
Rob, there's no volcanoes in LA either. The worst you will ever see
is a freak blizzard and it's, what month is this? September!
I don't think it snows in September in Pennsylvania. What if there's a tornado?
I don't think they can get tornadoes there either.
Okay, Rob, the hardest thing that you have to worry about is drowning.
And I don't know if you're going out over water, so I don't think you need to worry about it.
What you've got to worry about is splash damage from any sort of attack on New York.
Shut up.
Because, I mean, New York is just a target for any, like, mutated monster, alien, space
being, terrorist, natural disaster. New York is just a fucking magnet for that shit. So
you've got to worry about, like, you know, stuff going on.
Got zero.
Okay. Sorry, Jamie. How was your week? How was your day?
Oh, it's still my turn, isn't it?
I guess. Well, how special.
So I wanted to go see the new
Resident Evil movie, because I love Resident Evil. You and every
teenage boy in the nation. And I love guns.
I like firearms a whole lot. I like violence and I
love seeing zombies explode. This movie's for you then, because there's
there's about nothing else in this movie besides that i'd love violence
i really really really big violent
and i think good acting too
that they need to see a different movie for that
at least they've got people who at least can act their way out of a brown bag and
not you know
and back into one
but out instead though i went ahead and uh...
i went to uh...
out with iguana girl yesterday and we watched the ring which I love that movie
so much so I'm gonna get on this big Ringo marathon I'm gonna watch ring I
actually watched the ring last night yeah we I need to watch you on look you
got a copy of Juwan which is going to be the grudge in a couple months here in
America I wanna look at you on is coming to DVD I didn't well which makes sense
whenever they remake movies the original always comes out to DVDs yeah but I have
I have the eye at home and I want to watch that too.
I have that too.
I'm just really looking forward though
to some good movies coming out. I need something random and violent.
But hanging out last night, I was all happy.
We went out and got chocolate and ate junk food.
Was it a slumber party? Did you get ice cream and talk about
We got ice cream and we did talk about voids.
It was a slumber party.
It was a slumber party because I went home.
We did not play mystery day or secret shopper or whatever the hell that was.
It was a slumber party because if I had...
Or burning mall of doom.
No twister.
No twister.
We just watched movies.
It was a slumber party because if I had went I would have fallen asleep.
You bitch.
But earlier than that though I went to the gym and I am in so much pain today because my trainer decided that my arms need extra attention because I'm not losing size in my arms.
So I'm going to end up looking like Terminator lady in two months and that's going to be cool.
People will be afraid of me and I'll like it.
Is the camera's up there?
See the blue light? See the black light? Good!
Yes, we here at Orange House Radio use an iToy as our webcam.
Because we are that ghetto-rific.
Dude, the iToy is a much better webcam than the kind of crap I have at home.
I can't even find. My webcam turned up missing.
As Loki said, it's a better webcam than it is a game.
But, um, the rest of it's been me on the hunt for something that isn't crap to listen to.
Okay, you can stop fondling the fake boobs on the webcam, because that's just stupid.
You have real boobs to fondle!
Pay attention to your woman!
Okay, I'm done, because people keep interrupting me.
I forgot what I was talking about anyway.
Oh yeah, I'm leaving in November.
Permanently?
No.
Where are you going?
I didn't want to be that easy.
You had me scared for a minute, the way you said.
Going home to see my family.
Oh, well that's good.
I'm going to eat lots of food because it's Thanksgiving, and I'm going to be such a lazy bitch the whole weekend.
I'm going to go see my daddy, and I'm going to go up to Ozark.
You know you're in Alabama when there's a town called Ozark.
Are you going to play any DDR at all?
Yes, I will.
Yeah, I will go to the cyber station and I will play DDR and leave lots of Orange Lounge radio
Right on laying around on I'm gonna try and do that on my trip
I will horse out and if anybody's in the area wants to meet up and hang out
Thanksgiving is off, but the day after school. All right, cool. I'm done. All right
moving on pixie dust
The Orange Lounge Radio, madam. How was your week? How was your day, honey?
Well, it's hot in here.
So take off all your clothes. No, because everybody on the webcam thinks I'm naked anyway, so what's the point?
Well, my week kinda sucked. I got put on light duty
for a case of tendonitis in my right arm.
So I had to spend Labor Day at the hospital, and then
was off for three days of work, and then
got to the physical therapy which all they did was put me on ibuprofen and
Vicodin. So basically I've been sleeping. I love Vicodin. You know, I can only take
half of Vicodin. Really? I lived on Vicodin when I had my
wisdom teeth out. Oh yeah, that's right. For a month and my resistance to Vicodin was so high
by the end of the time. A real quick personal reminder, DO NOT PM BIMANI
KADE! We will not respond to you! Thank you. I'm not on this Bimani Kade, I'm on
the Dark Sakura, but don't send me any private messages!
Wow.
Loki, you need a lesson in holding the microphone at a good distance away from your mouth.
Oh yeah?
Don't kiss me.
Other than that, the week was pretty good.
Went to work, spent time with Victor when he came up, and...yeah, yesterday, what did
we do yesterday?
His parents were microphones.
What?
It's probably mine.
Ah, it's true.
Yeah, it's mine.
I don't know.
Anyways, what did we do yesterday?
We went somewhere.
Uh...
Well, we had ramen today. We had miso ramen today. I've never had it before.
So we did that.
I don't know what we did yesterday.
Dammit.
Oh yeah, Angel's on her way too.
Joy and Rapture.
Joy and Rapture. Angel, Darkchild, and Anita are...
Yes, I know Anita's coming and she's bringing something with her.
I know what it is.
I know too.
We'll see in a little bit. Anyway...
She's bleeding sores, that's what she's bringing.
She's bringing her herpes to share with everybody.
Everybody's bringing their herpes today, except for Jamie.
So excited.
So, it's been pretty...
What about herpes?
Everybody's bringing their herpes, except for Jamie.
Yeah, I went to the doctor.
Other than that, we've been pretty boring.
Alright.
No styling.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Hello, chat room. My week's been boring. Actually, no, exciting with my woman, you know, Janae or...
Speak up.
Hello.
I cannot believe how freaking quiet you are in person when online you are the most annoying fucker I've ever seen.
I have not been alive since my woman, you know.
I know.
Isn't that amazing?
The ER community has pixie dust to thank for getting No Style in Laid.
Oh!
I'll be back, don't worry.
Guess what? I learned a trick from Jason just recently, yesterday. That's where we went, we went to Jason's house last night.
You wanna show me, wanna me show you my trick?
Yeah, what's your trick?
It's from cops.
I'm gonna show you it.
A trick from cops? Okay.
Uh, pixie dust is getting up.
And, oh, she's lifting her shirt.
She's showing off her belly button going, what's up?
You know that's on the cam right now.
My woman only gets naked for me.
I have to give props to the chat room, though, for making a reference to Ice Pirates, cause that movie's awesome.
Space Herpes.
Anyway, anything else you want to share about your weekend?
Yeah, I go back, uh, I work tomorrow morning around 7 AM, and that's it. Back to the Bay Area.
Back to my boring old life. In the Bay Area.
Oh, wow.
Oh, we got a kid, too. We got our first kid.
What's that? We've got an aqua pet.
She's saying that she dances and she's lovely.
It's not a she. It's a she! No it isn't. It's a she.
It's a she. It's a tree. It's a she. We're trying to fix our webcam by the way. We see it's really dark so
we're working on it right now at orangelandrado.com is where the cam's at.
The shape of a penis. The aqua pet, the actual thing is like the shape of a penis and
twig and berries basically. And the little pet on the inside is attached by strings and
whatnot and it does a little song and dance and it's so cute. It's the happy
penis of love. It's the happy penis tree sprite. Happy penis tree sprite. And Angel will be
bringing her happy penis with her today. Moving on. Okay, I didn't need to hear that.
I'll talk about... I'm gonna go hide in the chair. Since Loki's busy over there, I'll talk about my week
and my day. My week was okay. It wasn't hugely exciting. I decided to go see a
movie as well but there was no way in hell I was gonna see that Resident Evil
garbage so I decided to uh as much as I like guns and violence I decided to go
see something artsy and I went and saw Garden State and it was very it was very
good and Natalie Portman very good in that movie I know a lot of boys out
there think she's really hot and they'll love this movie because she doesn't get
naked though I hate although she is in the pool in her undies so maybe the boys
like that. She's very smart. She's very smart. She's very good in that movie. What school
is she going to? I don't know, but she's a good actress, that's all that matters. So
we did that and today I finally caved and I don't know how many people know the story
but I inherited an ignition pad from my last relationship because when, you know, they
moved away, they left a bunch of stuff here and I got to keep it, including third style
force style and a new ignition pad and it lived at my house for a while and it
lived at Jamie's house but when I got it back it didn't work anymore so I don't
get it it worked at my house I bring it over here and it didn't want to put out
for you no big deal it had it had bad it had a most men it had a bad aura about
it anyway it had a bad vibe so I burned it in the front yard and no I'm kidding
it's actually still my room but I went out and I bought a brand new ignition
pad today and it was so funny because when I went into GameStop and actually
I haven't really been buying things at GameStop. No, sorry Jamie because I know your man works there
But the people at GameCrazy are actually really nice to me. You look game crazy. You're awesome
So I've been shopping at GameCrazy lately. That's where I got my nickname. What nickname is that? My nickname was was Jamie the
The what was it the totally awesome and never nice
I'm now totally awesome and ever nice awesome
So, I got the Ignition Pad over at Gamestop because I know they sell Red Octane products there, and as much as I hate whoring out Red Octane because their name is everywhere in the Bamani community, it's like if you have a pulse and you play DDR, you can get sponsored by Red Octane.
Red Octane.
But they really do, this show is not sponsored by them, by the way.
Because we don't whore ourselves out for anybody.
Yeah, exactly.
Except Konami.
Yeah.
Except for me.
have to admit the ignition pad 2.0 is very nice and it's the only thing I
would play DDR at home on because I have yet to see anything better except the
metal pads but I'm I'm kind of poor like ignition pads are expensive enough I
paid $99.99 for that and then when I checked it out at GameStop the guy was
like whoa he was like Keanu Reeves kind of he was like whoa I've never seen
anybody buy one of these before like the why do you have them out on the floor
Where did you, which one did you go to? The Madison Mall. Oh. He's like, I've never seen anyone buy one of these before. If you want to go to where all the cool people are, go to the one that my man manages. Yeah, but I didn't want to drive all the way out there. Ah, it's worth it. And then he, then he said, well, if you're a DDR fan, you want to reserve a copy of Extreme? I'm like, actually, we've already got that taken care of. And then he's like, I'm like, you know, I hear Ultramix 2 is going to be really good. Like, I'm trying to start telling you, he's like, if you want to reserve any game, man, we
got it for you if you want to reserve anything and then he's like I still
can't believe you're actually buying one like the other one broke smoking weed in
the back room killed that's the difference between working for minimum
wage well I don't know California minimum wage is higher than it is
anywhere else but but and any no I've done it you know I've worked but I still
bought expensive stuff. I remember saving up for like a month to buy an imported Sailor
Moon game back when I was into Sailor Moon ten years ago.
Well the nice thing is that when I travel, which I'm going to be doing for work here
for the next two weeks, I stand to profit a little bit of money because they pay for
all my food and gas and stuff. So that's how I can afford to splurge a little bit and buy
an ignition pad. And all the video games I've been buying this week, such as Silent Hill
4, which I've been playing quite a bit of.
It's going to live at my house.
Yes, and now Jamie's borrowing it for two weeks, so I want that back when I come back.
You'll get it back.
Because I'm like, I think I estimate something happened that kind of indicates to me, I don't
want to spoil, but something happened that indicates to me I'm about halfway through.
So I want to finish it definitely when I get back, because it's been holding my attention
really well, and it's a good game, graphics are awesome, story line's really good, music's
great too.
Although I haven't heard a lot of the songs on the soundtrack, I've only picked out like
three songs so far but when they use the way they use room of angels in the game
awesome awesome awesome anyway so Silent Hill 4 definitely get it if you like
Silent Hill games or scary games I actually yesterday I was sitting here
and I was playing and I was in this one level and I got scared I actually went
like that and map or Loki looked at me and was just like the hell is wrong with
you a secret says you're halfway through he was just like he's all oh shit I was
like
anyway so I that scared the crap outta me those little two-headed baby things
scared the shit outta me. I wanted to see the wheelchairs
but there's a monster, yes I got to the wheelchair scene and it's awesome
not nearly as cool as the monsters that burp when you hit them
monsters that burp? There's burping monsters they're awesome
I really need, I need, see I haven't played anything really gross
I want to, what's a scene that has a humongous head?
Oh, oh, it's the best thing ever!
I, I, it's scared, I'm serious, it's scared the crap, me and my significant other was
watching me play it last night, and we both, like, were just like, what the fuck was that?
Like when we saw it.
Because I saw a picture of it.
It's awesome.
And I was, like, going to make an icon of it from my live journal.
It's awesome.
That said, oh my god, what the hell is this?
But not, not nearly as good as the burping monsters, because every time I would hit one,
my SO would start cracking up.
Do you know that one icon that I made of the woman looking all beat up?
Have you gotten to that scene yet? Because I want to know what scene that's from.
Yes. It's kind of a spoiler.
Okay, well nevermind.
I can't tell if it's... I can't remember if it was...
I think it was Eileen in your icon. I can't remember if it was Cynthia or Eileen.
She was wearing the red dress.
I'm pretty sure it was Eileen though.
But see, that was Cynthia, but...
And she was all beaten up.
It makes sense for Eileen, but Eileen kind of has a red dress on at one point, so...
Okay, I see. I really need to sit down and play this.
Seegerd would know. Show Seegerd the icon, he would know.
He knows which one, because he was the one who gave me the advice on my text on it.
Anyway, burping monsters rock everything.
Burping monsters are cool.
What?
Are they the ones, what about the ones who come out of the ceiling?
All of the zombies kind of come out of the walls. They're scary. They look like...
Do they actually go into the room?
I don't want to spoil anything.
Okay.
Anyway, moving on. Just play it. You'll be glad you played it. Just play it.
What else? So, Ignition Pad. Hello, back to the Ignition Pad. I've actually been playing
non-stop for like two and a half hours today. I've been playing DDR UltraMix online.
And I actually didn't think anyone played this game anymore, but I've been playing in matches
non-stop all day.
And I've just been having a blast, honestly. I've been meeting some funny people on there.
The only thing that pissed me off is that the extension cable for my communicator that
came with the Ignition Pad
doesn't work. So I'm not able to talk to people while I play. I can only talk before
before and after matches, but I've been having tons of fun, and I am all revved up for Ultra Mix 2, honestly.
And I'm glad I bought the dance pad now, because when I get back, Extreme will be out, and then I can play, you know, Extreme just fine, with the iToy mode and stuff.
Woot, woot. Woot, woot.
I'm sorry, no styling? What?
No styling says you can hear heavy breathing while playing DDR.
Actually, it's not that bad. Most people have the courtesy to move their microphone when they're playing,
but the ones that annoy me are like when you're playing colors and then like you
hear some little kid going
like and it's all like off-sake too it's it's horrible like it totally throws me
off too and the little kids sing along to the song but I was playing against a
thirty five-year-old mom today and she rocked she rocked everything so that was
fun yeah mom's are cool anyway so yes I'm not gonna be here next week because
I'm actually leaving for two weeks I'm going to Pennsylvania I'm going I'm more
open oh my god Rob I'm more open this time about talking about where I'm going
you have to go to the museum what museum the one on the top of the rocky steps oh
I'm not gonna be in Philadelphia that much I only go there for the airport the
place I'm at is like an hour north. But I am going to be very close to New Jersey
and I actually went on DDR Freak of all places and I went on a thread there that
talks about that area and they told me to check out an arcade right on the
state line of Jersey. So it's in some mall. So I'm gonna check that out while
I'm there and I'm gonna try. Take pictures. I'm gonna try and go to 8 on the break
in Jersey because they have In the Groove and I'm really curious about it.
Take your cam and take us lots of pictures. Yeah I've been kind of been a little
skeptical about it, but I feel like I can't really comment until I've played it. So I'm
going to play it, then I will come home and bash on it. No, I'm kidding. But we'll see
how it is. So I'm really curious about that one. So I will definitely probably make an
appearance at 8 on the break next weekend. This is what I'm aiming for, so we'll see.
Not that anybody cares. But it really depends on what my lesbian friend from college wants
to do, because she's going to be out there visiting me. And she's the bomb. And I don't
know how into DDR she is. I've decided after today, after playing so much DDR, I want to
go on the DDR diet. I want to be just like Tanya. Seriously, I'm going to take a picture
of my fat little gut here, and that'll be my before picture.
Okay, little as little.
Look, he's doing my trick.
Yeah, I'm doing Janae's trick. And then I'm going to play UltraMix 2 for like an hour
every day and then I'm gonna have a six pack and I'll be just like Tanya it'll
rock. She said Tanya doesn't have a six pack but you know close enough. But then Janae will bring the
pineapple cake over and spoil it for you. I know. Cuz I like those good. Cuz I have to be
good and eat good foods. You know I like big guts and I cannot lie. You know I remember when a second
mixes that you remember when I had it on Dreamcast way back when? Uh-huh. Back
before there was Vivid but you know I played it played non-stop mode for every
day for like an hour and a half. And I lost a lot of weight that summer and gained it
all back. But anyway.
But see, I haven't really been into DDR for a long time. Like, I mean, I hate to admit
that when I've been doing this show for like, you know, two and a half years, but I, and
I blame that completely on lack of new arcade mixes. That's honestly what it is. I mean,
the home mixes have been great, but the problem is, is that, you know, my dance pad has been
broken for, you know, a long time. So I haven't really had an urge to play at home. The arcades
in my area sucks, so even if I want to go play a mix that's two years old now, you know,
I wouldn't really have a great place to do that at. So DDR has been kind of eh for me
lately. I still love the game, love the music. That's why I'm still motivated to do this
show. But I'm trying to get back into it.
We're the ORL now.
Anyway.
Alright.
Next thing you know we'll be the IRS.
But you know what? I'm actually since doing that interview for Lifetime.
That's right! What was this about? Tell us again.
Melody.
Melody, Sharks Girl, mentioned it last week. But what's this all about now? Give us more info.
Someone sent a message on to DDRFreak wanting to do an interview thing for Lifetime magazine.
And so, about, you know, fitness in DDR.
And so, she, you know, was referred to me and I did a little thing and she said, do
you have any friends who, you know, were using DDR for fitness and off the top of my head
I remembered Melody because she's got the solo machine, plays the leg weights and everything.
And I also talked about Orange Lounge.
Yay!
Oh my God.
We might be in Lifetime magazine, that would rock so hard.
It has a bunch of 40-year-old women listening to us.
Thank you.
F you, because I was watching...
Dude, Lifetime is cool.
I was watching Lifetime last night.
Golden Girls reruns, thank you very much.
Dude, Golden Girls reruns are awesome.
Golden Girls is the best show in the 80s.
Dude, any cable...
I want to be in Lifetime magazine.
Oh, I mentioned us.
That's alright.
You want to be Blanche on Golden Girls too, what's your point?
Shut up.
You know, if I were a Golden Girl, I'd probably end up being Sophia.
the bitter... I am so Bea Arthur, I'm so Dorothy, I'm the bitch
it's what it boils down to. So who would be Rose?
This is a sad time. It's a sad time when we start
comparing ourselves to the Golden Girl.
Anyway, yeah. We need to sit around the kitchen table and eat cheesecake. I think now would be a very good
time to go to a break before we... Did we skip Loki's week?
Did we? Oh yes we did. Sorry Loki.
Oh, he was over playing with a cam earlier. Who wants to hear about his week anyway?
Eh. Just kidding. Alright, Loki. How was your week? How was your day? Sorry, buddy.
Oh, nothing important happened at all.
You know, it's nothing at all. Yeah, boring.
Happy birthday to you.
Oh, don't feel bad. I had a disaster on my birthday, too.
Wait, I'm sorry. We need... I actually would like to have a moment of silence for
September 11th, 2001, when Loki turned 21.
Alright.
Okay, don't feel bad, because the whole Waco thing was on my birthday.
Yeah, but those were just crazy people in Texas.
Thousands of people died in my birthday.
That's cool.
Anyway.
How is that cool?
Not cool.
Yeah, whatever.
It's like a sacrifice for Loki.
I'm just pissed off that no one died on your birthday.
Anyways, I'm so glad we could have someone controversial on this program.
Somebody died on my birthday.
Lots of people died on everybody's birthday.
People die.
It happens on a daily, every day.
Hundreds of thousands of people die.
When you celebrate your birthday eat some damn cake.
I didn't eat cake, I had ice cream.
I'll give you some damn cake.
I don't want cake anywho no so it's just yeah I didn't do much I got what I get
for my birthday I got bedding for my birthday I got pillows new sheets and a
shaver and no one bought you socks no that was Christmas and then and I'll get
until later what happened more that day but things didn't happen that I wanted
to happen actually I'll just say it now I didn't get to go to Benihana's because
they're assholes but uh I'll talk about that later and that's coming up in the
effuse I'm sure it will be I wanted my goddamn teriyaki steak and shrimp
instead I was forced to have Olive Garden but that's okay that's all I
I don't really have much to say.
We'll be back
Yeah
I need you, I want you, I will love to you
I need you, I want you, I will love to you
Yes
You
While I'm floating through, yeah
Love is love, love is love
And love, yeah
Come to the end, now
Come to the end, now
Come to the end, now
Come to the end, now
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jeff's
Jack Cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and I hope you enjoyed that Korean music break,
and our booty dancing on the cam.
Pixie Dust and I were getting down there during the break.
I actually don't remember that last song, but I really like it.
Lazenka, Save Us.
What was that from?
Uh, it's from Pump It Up, actually.
Well, you know how much Pump It Up I've learned.
I know.
Seagurd can help you out in the chatroom.
It's like his favorite Pump song ever.
You need to send me that.
Just ask Seagurd.
Oh my god.
full version everything that's the brightest camera flash I've ever seen in
my life anyway yes and see good I'm in the send it to dark Sakura SSF I'm in
there right now no right anyway we have we had some folks join us during the
break so I thought we'd go ahead and let them have a second chance how was your
week how was your day so you can get to know them a little better and we'll
Starting off with Didi Archaholic.
Oh my gosh, I'm not ready for this.
Hi everybody.
Hi.
Hi.
My week.
My week is not very eventful, usually.
I do a lot of working, so got that done.
Yesterday...
Nope, that's not working on you, that's right.
Oh no.
Oh, the dark child is showing you funny things on the camera now.
Anyway.
At least he's trying.
What did we do yesterday?
We had a little impromptu get-together last night, but it was wherever at my place.
I wanted to come, but I was on my period, so I'm sorry.
I was too, so...
Suck it up and get the tampons!
No, seriously though, I was...
Yeah, it's our apartment, mine and Jason's, and we watched one episode, Episode 2 of Beautiful
life, and we just had lots of, um, somen noodles and snacks and stuff. Lots of fun.
Yeah.
Crab cream cheese wontons.
Crab cream cheese wontons.
I can talk.
Cream cheese wontons, yes. And that was really the highlight of my week so far until I got
here today.
Right on.
Yeah.
Now, um, I understand that you have a special presentation. You want to do it next, after
we finish off?
Uh, yeah, what do we...
Yeah, let's finish off.
Yeah, okay.
Let's finish this off, and then we'll get into a special presentation. Finish it off.
Angel, how was your week, how was your day?
Basically just school and working and um, oh!
We signed up for high speed finally. It's about time.
Hey! Like it was my fault. Yeah so we should get it like tomorrow or Tuesday
so I'm like really stoked about that. I'm like
finally after two months I can actually be back on high speed
which means I can play Ragnarok with JB and
and and probably Final Fantasy XI with you too. Yay!
Uh-oh. I feel an A-word coming on.
Ahem!
Oh, great. Oh, yeah.
I also got the PlayStation, Xbox converter thing.
So I can use my ignition to play...
Look what I bought. Look what I bought today.
I know!
I just saw that. I'm like, oh, that reminded me.
Janae, what are you doing with the camera?
I think this calls for another appearance of Ignition Pad Man.
Oh, no, it's Ignition Pad Woman!
Your newest Silent Hill character.
Ignition Pad Head Man.
Alright, so yeah, I can play Ultramix now with a pad, and what the hell is Janine doing?
She's an ignition pad woman.
Roar! Yeah, it smells like plastic in there.
You should have seen the ignition pad when we unwrapped it. It had that new pad smell.
Oh my god, it's ignition total! Wait a minute. Alright, I'll shut up. Who's next?
Darkchild's next.
Wherever he went. Ah, there he is. Hello!
My week was uneventful. I have a back injury. I don't get to do much.
Monday I saw my chiropractor. Wednesday I saw my chiropractor.
Friday I saw my chiropractor.
That's about all I do now is I see my chiropractor. It's very boring.
And then he works that corner for me every once in a while.
Very, very boring.
What about that little story you told me? That was pretty funny.
Oh, about the big gas bubble in my stomach?
That's right.
a big gas bubble in my stomach and it wouldn't come out and I tried everything
I tried to force the burp out and it wouldn't come out so I drank some tea
and like this big burp exploded out of me and it was crazy and it felt really
good but it hurt my throat that was the high point of my week Wow
my week is exciting so exciting you forgot one thing though what your trick
Which trick that you taught me?
Which trick?
Oh, the...
Yeah, that's right.
For the rest of my week, I watched Cops.
And apparently the new thing is if you're going to start shit with someone,
you lift up your shirt and show your stomach to them.
I don't know why that's aggressive, but...
And you lean back.
The cops are getting worried.
Yeah, you gotta lean back and lift the shirt up.
Hand the crotch, you know.
I'll get you guys a webcam in a minute.
the whole Japanese expression to split your gut maybe maybe it's like that but
I don't think the idiots would have caught on with a Japanese expression I
mean these are the ghetto people that's like show your gut yeah so that's it I'm
very boring now so yeah all right okay now that we've caught up everybody on
how is their week how is their day let's um let's have Anita Anita wants to do a
special presentation. DD Archaholic has a special presentation. Tell us about your special
presentation. Well, this is all about yesterday. Everyone knows about what special day yesterday
was, right? Yes, do this on the cam, please. Okay. Yesterday was 9-11 day, yes. Moving
up, I'm glad the mic didn't pick that up. And I have prepared a gift basket for the
birthday boy. Oh, birthday boy who gets a gift basket. Here's our gift basket. Yes,
Yes, do it in front of the webcam, please, and hold up each item so our chatters can see.
All right, here's a little card.
All right, in this gift basket, we have a collection of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen items,
starting with a Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen DVD.
It's called Greatest Parties.
It's one of their younger DVDs where they're probably only about 12 years old, I think.
think. And also there's a graphic novel that somewhat resembles the adult reading that
you might find.
There's a porn here.
There is a little porn here. We have a calendar and in this calendar for the month of September
you may find a little surprise. Something that may not be viewable on the webcam, but
We have Mary Kate and Ashley, actually finally got naked for the camera, finally, especially
for Matt for September.
They got very naked, and also, actually, they got a little frisky in October, so October,
the Halloween month, some more surprises for you.
Also, in the gift basket, we have a small bottle of KY Jelly that is for any intimate
the moments that you may need, and a tube sock to accompany those intimate moments.
We also have a bag of candy so that you can lure any other young individuals that you
may want to accompany you, and a small bottle of Jack Daniels that will also help relax
the children.
In a Michael Jackson sort of way.
forgot to put the label Jesus Juice on there. I forgot. Oh, and a small package of brush
ups, oral B brush ups for brushing yourself off, or the kids when they're finished. That
is the most awesome birthday gift I've ever seen. Molester in a box. That's the best. Yeah,
it was from the pedophile section at Wal-Mart. That was fucking hilarious. That was great.
Thank you. You know, I think those like super Christians at Wal-Mart would be pissed off
if they saw what you actually did with their products so happy birthday Matt
beautiful yes oh they're they're very happy
yeah this weekend naked Mary-Kate and Ashley this week that's great thank you
guys I'm actually gonna open up the skype line for birthday wishes or if you
want to respond to anything we've talked about in the show so far as well so
So Skypline is open.
For more information, www.orangelaunsradio.com.
Click on that little button that says, interact with us.
And you can reach out and touch someone right here in the studio.
All right.
Hope you guys enjoyed that on our webcam over at www.orangelaunsradio.com.
You know what?
You know what?
We haven't heard from someone in a little bit.
Who?
All right, let's take a call.
We got a call coming in.
Hello, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Yeah. Legend of Zaku here.
Can't hear you, buddy. Talk loud into the mic.
Hey, what's up?
This is me, the Legend of Zaku.
What's up, Zaku?
Yes, this is kind of like directed to Loki because I live through the hell of September 11th.
Hold on, he's laughing at the porno calendar. Hold on a minute.
Zaku has something he wants to say to you, Loki.
Alright, Loki. Since you basically, you know, I don't know, for some reason,
I kind of like feel almost offended, but not all the way.
It doesn't matter that I am an actual New Yorker. I've lived for 11th. My school was evacuated on that day. I managed to get a glimpse of the towers while they were crumbling.
So, in other words, just be respectful, sensitive, all that. Celebrate your birthday, but keep in mind of what happened. That's all.
So you were only halfway offended?
Halfway, not like what, 25%?
You're not trying hard enough!
Oh, please.
In all seriousness though, just remember that September 11th was a hard day for everybody and I realize especially those folks are in that area but I think everybody in one way or another knew somebody that was somehow affected by those attacks.
But just remember, we are equal opportunity offenders here on the radio and the way that some of us deal with crisis like I'm the type of person that laughs at a funeral, and I would hope that people have bring a stand up comic to my funeral, because I want people to laugh when they remember me so you know obviously it was a tragic day.
uh... but sometimes
sometimes the best way to work through something to make fun of it
well we'll work on that we'll work on it
just a little pointer
we'll work on the top just be a little sensitive that's all we'll work on the
totally offensive thing for a later date
alright anything else you want to share with us aku?
can you at least bash bin laden or something
do some bashing against those oh that's so used though that's so trendy
everybody bashes bin laden
I'll bash bin Laden.
Goddamn Bush family, forgive him bin Laden.
President Bush would be killed his entire family if it wasn't for them Osama wouldn't live.
Thank you, dark child. Alright.
Was that acceptable?
Actually, you could...
Whatever, I know.
I'll let it go.
Alright, we're going to let you go, bud.
I know what we're going to do.
We're going to let you go, bud. Have a good one.
I know what we're going to do when Loki kicks the bucket. What's that?
We're gonna like take him to a taxidermist and put him in one of those, like, poses.
Or put him up with, like, some, you know, laminated bacon or something.
Loki is the type of person that when he dies, he's gonna want to be buried face down so
the whole world can kiss his ass.
Okay, you...
Okay, I know where that came from.
No, no, no, no, no.
I would have to be ground up and thrown into some sort of fast food.
Or just recycling.
Or, or, or my ashes could like, I don't know, be used in a charcoal, you know, grill or
something.
Wasn't that in an episode of Married with Children?
Yes it was.
The Skype line is still up on everybody.
Oh, and we're getting a call.
Howdy, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, it is Dark Knight.
Hey, Dark Knight, what's on your mind?
Hi, Dark Knight.
Nothing.
Just something for Loki about his B-Day.
Yeah.
Dude.
Dude.
Dude.
The calendar.
The calendar was awesome, wasn't it?
That was just totally wrong.
Didi Archaholic actually gets the credit for the calendar.
She spent her hours photoshopping that and making her however she did it with scissors
and tape.
I don't know.
Sorry she did a good job but dude step away from the calendar that's all I gotta say.
We're all going to hell what can we say.
We'll see you there bud.
Welcome to the hand basket.
Soon enough we won't have to photoshop that soon enough it's a matter it will be within
my last time in fact it will be within the next few years okay soon enough hey
dark knight it's angel oh never mind I'm just saying hi to him anyway he'll
probably say hi to the chat room anyway okay I have one thing to say to Loki a
knight with Mary Kate oh you know what what I just I don't see how so many
people are all like getting all hot and bothered over them when a good number of
us screw up watching them in diapers it's not a matter that it's more see my
whole hoping that they go to porn it's not because of them it's because of my
hatred for full house okay I hate that show so much and she is basically the
epitome of full house I want to see her fail if that means you know they have to
get hit by a train or do porn, I just want to see them fail. And porn seems to be the
best route because not only do they fail, but I get to see them naked.
I have the same hatred towards John Stan and I like it.
You know, Loki, Hugh Hefner already has pictures of them in his private collection. It's just
a matter of time before they get published.
It's all about time. Anyways.
So yeah, that game with the arrows and the stomping.
Yeah, to DDR.
What game is that?
DDR News or something going on?
We'll get to it in a minute.
Zaku is calling back, even though I usually don't take calls twice from the same person as Sho.
I'll give him a second chance.
Just a real quick call.
Alright, what's up?
Alright, I have an idea for when Loki passes to the next world.
Why don't you just bury him upside down in the casket?
And then just, you know, after he's buried, you just go that night to the cemetery, dig
up his corpse, and then take it back to your place, throw it around, put, like, panties
on it, high heels, dance with it.
And then fuck it!
That's too much work, Logan.
Dude, that is fucking awesome.
I want you to re-dig me up when I'm dead, and then just, like, put me in a Hawaiian
shirt with glasses like Bernie.
That's fucking awesome.
We get the Bernie style.
We're gonna bury...
Tiki-wara skiing.
We're going to bury Loki in brawn panties.
That is so cool.
Alright, bud. Thanks for the call.
I'm going to try... Oh, I missed the other guy that was calling in.
Uh oh.
Darn it. Call back, person that was trying to call because we just missed it.
Knowing Loki, he'd probably dig his way out of his own coffin anyway.
He's too stubborn to die.
Too mean to die.
My boyfriend's back.
I'm a little upset with Rice Princess and Lanky Style, I thought they were going to
be here tonight.
They were supposed to bring me that copy of Harvest Moon so I could take it to Pennsylvania.
Bitches!
That's alright.
It's alright Angel, I'll play it when I get back.
We'll just have to work it off Rice Princess's ass.
I'll do that on Tuesday.
Alright.
Oh yeah.
Sounds hot.
I'm waiting to see if that person calls us back on Skype. Should I just call them?
Why not? Go for it. Alright, I'm just gonna call them.
Oh! Oh, they're calling back. Hello! You're on Orange Lounge. Hello.
Hello, how's it going? Hi, who's this? El Mullet.
Hello, El Mullet! How are you? I'm doing good, Sky. How about yourself?
Good! Hey, I was playing El Mullet earlier today on DDR Ultra Maker.
El Mullet has the coolest nickname ever. Because, you know, the mullet's making a comeback.
Oh yes it is. And the funniest thing is, I'm not Mexican, and I don't have a mullet.
So why the name?
I don't know. It was on Bimani style. There was, like, on the umpteenth, um...
Ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer thread, and it's like, what if the mullet would make a comeback?
And I'm saying, yes, I always wanted to grow a mullet. No I don't.
What if I really wanted to grow a mullet? And then someone replied,
Well, you'll grow one and then we'd call you El Mullet.
And thereby hangs the tail.
People get their nicknames in very strange ways.
Next on Meeting Rainbow.
I actually got to play El Mullet earlier today in UltraMix and he schooled me on Ready Steady Go.
He just kicked my ass.
Because of those damn tempo changes.
You got me on colors.
Yeah, I beat him on colors.
It must be the mullet magic.
You know the most hilarious thing that happened on Ultramix today though?
Some guy on a controller freaking triple-a'd his song
and then we got into another match and it was the same freaking song
and I triple-a'd it and beat him. I triple-a'd it on a pad, I was so happy.
Granted it was a light song but hey, I'm still cool.
You may or may not get to play with me this week. As we all are in our own little
internet way. I may not because I'm going to Pennsylvania. Anyway, I'm sorry.
Elmo, why did you call us tonight anyway? I just wanted to
Well you say that this show is probably the most screwed up show I've ever listened to
and it rocks because of that.
Thank you.
That is such a compliment.
Thank you.
That really warms our hearts.
Actually, Elle Mullet likes to plug our little show on the site of his, so would you like
to plug your site here on our show, Elle Mullet?
Yes I would.
www.insidepulse.com.
It's an entertainment website with a bunch of different areas, video games, movies, TV.
Is there an adult section?
No, but there's Rasslin.
Cool.
Yes, there's Rasslin.
Cool, my favorite male soap opera.
I tip my diet chocolate soda to you.
And you can read the cookie story on this site.
The El Mullet was the one that sent the cookies, which we talked about a couple weeks ago.
Yes, I will be forever heralded as the Cookie Man.
The Cookie Monster!
Cookie Man!
Alright.
And the most hilarious thing is, as soon as I hang up, I can listen to what I just said thanks to lag.
I know it's great. Hey, actually our chat room wants to know, are you high?
Am I high? You sound really laid back.
Well I figured if I sounded like a nervous
pussy bitch... He's the mullet, dude! He's the mullet!
We'll make sure to ship you that box of Twinkies. Mullet's a laid back.
I know that No Silence sounds really like he's high all the time.
Actually we may be shipping something to El Mullet soon because El Mullet
would be eligible to win our contest.
Did you know we're having a contest, El Mullet? You're having a contest? Yes, actually we
haven't announced this to anybody yet,
but we're going to right after the break. You better stay tuned.
It is a huge contest. Multiple websites are involved in this contest,
coming together. It's going to be hot, so hot. It's just going to be
too hot for normal radio, that's why it's here.
All right, Mullet. You will need new pants after you hear about this contest.
Thanks for the call, Mullet. We appreciate it,
And we hope to hear from you again soon, bud.
Hope to see you on all tracks.
And I'm going to kick your ass when I get back from Pennsylvania.
Doh!
All right, later.
Later.
Bye.
All right, we're going to close the Skype line for now.
We're going to go to a break.
And in this break, there should be a little bit of a hint on what this contest is all about.
We will talk more about the contest when we come back boys and girls
.
.
.
.
.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is my construct
This is my construct
I'm a youtuber, yeah
I'm a youtuber, yeah
I'm a youtuber, yeah
Alright, yeah
You are the king of us, yeah
No one but you, yeah
No one but you, alright
I can't lie, I'm the killer
I am the wicked guy
I can't lie, I'm the killer
I am the wicked guy
I
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back here on Orange Ons Radio, and as you probably figured out, that was a break
all about a Kiryamoka music.
Yes, the contest does have something to do with a Kiryamoka, so drum roll please.
We are going to be giving away, along with our buddies over at DDRSpot.com, they are
relaunching next month, and as part of their kickoff, that site and ourselves, we are going
to be giving away, between the two sites, four autographed Akira Yomoka Silent Hill
4 mini discs. So these are Silent Hill 4 soundtracks, basically, little mini soundtracks, that
have been autographed by the man himself, Akira Yomoka. We are giving those away. If
you are an Akira Yomoka fan, you want this shit, so you're going to have to listen to
the station lots to be eligible. We're giving away two, and we're going to give them away
across two weeks starting on the week of September 27th. September 27th is the
first week so how do you win? Well the way you're gonna win is that on Monday
night show diversion, Tuesday night show pump up the volume and Wednesday night
show outside the box we will ask one trivia question about a Kiryamoka. You
have until Sunday night show to send us the answer and then we will pick a
Random entry live on Sunday night show and get ourselves a winner for the contest and special
Thanks to our buddy float walk over at a kd a a kd a a and do your spot calm who has helped us?
Get this and we'll be assisting in mailing out the prizes to our winners
Unfortunately, there's a downside to this if you have visited orange lounge radio live and in person three times or more
You are considered a frequent guest and therefore
What if it was like less than three times this year?
No, three times or more, you are frequent guests, therefore you are ineligible.
What if I get you a hooker?
I'm sorry, we had to draw the line somewhere.
But here's the good news.
What if I suck your balls?
Here's the good news.
Maybe then.
That hooker being Jason.
Here's the good news.
You guys can win DDR spots CDs if you want, because you're not affiliated with them.
But I know the founder of DDR spots.
Likewise, DDR spot folks would be eligible for ours.
But I know the founder of DDR spots.
know well maybe you can put out or something I don't know all right so so
there will be one question across three different shows so that means you're
gonna have to listen every night or you can have friends listen and share the
questions but just remember if you go sharing the questions with everybody
that's more people who are gonna enter themselves in the contest so strategize
However, you want I mix I'm actually expecting that only a few people are going to enter
But I want the die-hard fans of the station to have first crack at it
And that's the best thing I could come up with it all like the apprentice only those that
Listen to all the shows are going to have a chance otherwise you fired, but but I was such a die-hard fan
I came and visited the show board at three times all right you get you get to experience all
O-L-R live and in person and we put out for you.
Fire.
You don't autograph CDs for me.
I will take a poo and autograph it for you.
Sweet, is that going to be on air today?
Yes.
All right.
They're putting everything else on DVD, they may as well put us on there.
Complete rules to come later on our website, however, just wanted to get that out there.
We also need a clever name for the contest.
We don't have a name for the contest yet, but.
Win Prize, all of our stuff.
Answer question, win prize.
Ask questions, win prize.
It's the answer question, win prize segment.
So, but it's questions.
Question the answer you have.
I like also the idea of win a piece of Akira.
No.
That'd be Jamie's department.
Alright. We'll see.
Alright, so, uh...
Hopefully... Jamie, you're having way too much fun in our chat room, there.
It's not just me!
Over at www.orangessongsradio.com, clicking on chat.
You can see, uh, me and, uh, Segerd, uh, use, uh, Akira Yamaoka lyrics to, uh, describe the multiple ways that we will be enjoying his presence.
Seegerd is very upset because he's ineligible because he's been to the show like four times.
El Mullet cannot have poo. Only me.
Oh, I like that idea. The next best thing to sex with Akira contest.
I'll win that.
The next best thing to being a faghead with Akira contest.
I don't know. I'm just tired.
Let's talk about some Bamani news that came out this week, and actually, as far as like platform news, like UltraMix 2 and ExtremeGo, there really hasn't been any developments.
We got a new UltraMix 2 clue, but uh, don't know what that's all about. Sorry guys, we don't have any more hints for you.
Was there a song unveiled that I completely forgot about?
Uh...
Oh yeah, and I promised everybody we'd play it as well, so we better do that.
We did have that one song that was unveiled, I totally forgot about that because I played
it Wednesday.
I remember, we did have one new licensed song, well technically it's not a license, it's
one of those, they haven't really said where they got the song yet, but Day Behavior is
the band, and the song is Superstar, and it's the Nevaraca mix.
It's a seven minute song, I'm gonna play you guys like a two, three minute clip so you
can get a feel for it.
So I really like this song by the way, and you're going to be dancing to it this November
I was picked up for a TV show, it's called P24
I am the girl that you all know, to love, hate or adore
I've been waiting all my life, just to be seen
Seen by everyone
I want it to be someone
I'm the super star
Longing to be seen
I'm the super girl
On your secret screen
Like a superstar
Wanting everything
I'm the super girl
I'll do anything
I said goodbye to a lightning ray I lived to a colorful day
Fancy cars and pretty boys Isn't it wonderful day?
Finally I'm here in front of everyone And it just begun
I'm not just anyone
I'm the super star
Longing to be seen
I'm the super girl
On your secret screen
Like a superstar
Wanting everything
I'm the super girl
I'll do anything
I'm a tiny bit disappointed the original wasn't the one that was used, because I actually
like the original.
Let me play a little clip of the original.
Okay cause like-
That sounds like old DDR stuff.
Right.
When I first heard that Day Behavior Superstar was going to be in DDR, I actually got that
one thinking that that was the mix, but it's not.
It's actually that remix.
to check out the original tooth you have a chance I'm really liking this synth
pop direction the Ultramix 2 is going in between this and echo image and
everything so I don't know what do you guys think anybody else have a comment
about day behavior superstar don't me all right
okay we'll be getting in the cage match a little bit I guess I'll open up the
skype line for a minute if anybody has a comment on that song
in other DDR news I may cut you off if we get a call Loki but I know you had
some sim news you want to share
I know something with food mix happened like there was some kind of like hidden
song or something going on what's up
was that last week? I thought that was this week? Did you mention it last week?
Oh my bad, oh cause it came up last Sunday. Well hell. And if people read our website regularly they would have also seen it there too.
I read it regularly but I just forgot it was a week ago
Alright, so, fine.
I wasn't really talking about you, Rob.
Pfft! Pfft!
Alright, Loki, while we're waiting to get a call on the Skyblind, what else is going on?
I know there's some stuff going on in the Sim World this week. Tell us one thing. Something about StepMania.
It's Alpha 23 time! And guess what, it's buggy as hell! And guess what, I don't care.
Yeah, I guess they did stuff, they fixed stuff, added stuff. No one really cares other than the fact that it's Buggy. That's what I read. Buggy.
But, um, other than that, not much else going on as far as sim stuff goes. I know there's that, um, OSC 3 or something like that that's going on right now. OSC 2, I think it's 3.
And, um, that's in, like, uh, round two or three right now of sets of stuff that they have. You can check out BomaniStyle, it's on their front page.
And, um, other than that, really not too much else going on. There's a couple remix contests going on, one on BomaniStyle and the other one on DDR, uh, Maniacs. Both, uh, very similar in content.
But my celly knows some of the artists have been putting their tracks up for people to listen to, but the judging and the actual stuff is going to be coming up pretty soon, I think.
This must be this week, but I think it's probably next week. So I'll be looking for those and maybe we can play some of those a little later. I know you'll at least hear one of them later.
Other than that, yeah, that's pretty much all that's been going on.
Alright. Fair enough. Boy, it's been kind of a slow news week in the DDR world. Do you
think that's because of the upcoming DDR releases? I would think we'd be getting a lot more information
about Xtreme right now. Nobody's listening to me in the room, so whatever.
We are busy being cute and photogenic. What exactly are you doing?
We're taking self-pictures.
That's so girly.
God, there's a slumber party going on in the house now.
I want to die.
You know, can we help it that we have more estrogen than you?
Good, I cut myself out of the picture.
I think it's a good time to have ourselves a cage match.
What do you guys think?
Good idea, Rob.
Alright, let's get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, Echo Image was entered, and because you know they have that song, Skulk, that's going to be in DDR.
Well, if you pick up their CD, which by the way is an awesome, awesome CD, I highly recommend it.
CompuPhonic, I believe is the name of the CD. Check out echoimage.com for more info.
We played a track from that CD which won our cage match last week, it was my pick, and
the song was Standing Alone.
So you get to hear a clip of it because it won last week's cage match.
So remember the way the cage match works, you hear a clip of last week's winner and
then you hear two new songs in their entirety.
You pick your favorite and the best goes into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge
Radio.
So you ready to kick it off?
Show up.
You have to be in our chat room, don't participate.
Here it goes, song number one, tonight's cage match is last week's winner, Standing Alone
by Echo Image.
Here is a clip.
See them standing with new faces, the faces we know why
Standing there alone again, did I meet another friend
Watching down the road of fame, could well never be the same
Standing there alone again, did I meet another friend
We're walking down the road of pain
The truth will never be the same
Give way for another truthless day
Your eyes end up sitting on your toes
You hold your breath while feeling numb
Black rain clouds filling up the sun
The shouting voices in your head
Tell you nothing
You screamed but no one heard you calling
You left with all your lies
Lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies
Lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies
Standing there alone again
You'd have made another friend
And I'm walking down the road of pain
Who will never be the same?
Who will never be the same?
Alright, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, Echo Image with Standing Alone.
You know.
Can't get enough of that CD this week.
I swear that group sounds like Depeche Mode.
They're just the bomb.
They're pretty cool.
I love that CD.
Love it.
9 is my favorite but it's not good for cage matches so I'd like to mention now
we'll post this in the chat room in a little bit there's some the website
actually the artist website their label a different drum has a whole fucking
gigantic age of synth pop free downloads you can get including echo image some of
their stuff including the track you heard staying alone so huge fucking
download pretty much their link to Amazon but hey it doesn't matter
synthpop owns check out the site a different drum calm awesome post that
link in our chat room for listeners if you would like all right let's get a
song number two which comes to us tonight courtesy of the lovely dark
Sakura and I see I see it's a little bit of a different sound yeah I just had to
give her something different but actually it's more just because it's
sort of been sitting on my head for a while we I'll give a little bit of back
story to this you know Dan's have been really big with his main cabinet the
multi-arcade machine emulator and he got another emulator called Daphne that plays the old
laserdisc games like Dragon's Lair and Space Ace. He got Cliffjumper to work. Now if anyone
remembers the game Cliffjumper, it was basically using scenes from Lupin the Third Castle Cagliostro.
So in honor of that, I decided to pick the Tokyo-Suka Orchestra with the theme of Lupin
the Third. This should be great. So DDR folks know this one because Lupin the Third obviously
And most DDR and anime tend to have that hand-in-hand thing going on.
This is classic.
All right, here we go Tokyo Paradise ska orchestra with theme from loop in the third enjoy
One, two, three, four!
Alright though, song number two in tonight's cage match, the Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra,
with a theme from Lupin the Third.
Let's see what the general theme is in this room about that song.
Dark Sakura.
Ten.
Ten.
It's just because I, when I first downloaded that song like a long time ago, I downloaded
a bunch of Lupin the Third mixes, and that one I had on repeat for like ever, just because
it was so energetic all right uh dark child what'd you think uh give it uh i'd say maybe a six and a
half well listen to it all i could think of was like late 70s early 80s people just cruising down
a beach in some kind of movie which i guess fits lupin but yeah i give it about 6.5 just really
is in my style all right not a ska fam that's all right all right ddr colic um i'm not big on ska
either but i liked it a lot i i i'd give it like a nine because it was very fun very well put
together i think and it totally reminded me of hawaii five oh okay i'm done angel ten really
well i was gonna say because uh i like lupin a lot and uh that uh ska rendition was pretty good
And plus Alex got two, so it kind of had a double...
Jesus, stop it!
All the good stuff, all the good stuff for you.
All right, a 10 from Angel.
Loki.
It was okay.
I mean, they just loop in.
So I give it a six.
Me personally, I actually liked it a lot.
It was kind of just jazzy.
It made me want to get up and dance.
I wouldn't be surprised if something like that showed up in like UltraMix with the randomness
that that game is getting in a different genre.
Yeah, it'll be fun! I'd give it like an eight and a half. A lot of fun.
Correct. Jason gives it a six and a half and a hump of cinnamon roll.
Alright, moving on. Let's go on to Loki's
pick and let's see what he's picked for us. Ooh, I see it's a Ditter song.
A what?
DDR. Ditter. Get it?
I'm sorry, I'm not hip to your crap.
uh...
now this is this is not that uh...
that the amateur did he was he made the thought for uh... the from myself
remixed content
one of them being a remix of kong kong and the other one being a remix of you
know max
so this one's kind of interesting it's like a rave version of max but like you
know
not like
you'll gain rate
but you can't do it but but but i don't
Like, fucking hardcore rave shit. Not this, like, crappy, like, you know, stupid, uh, you know, Star Minecraft.
This is, like, fucking hardcore shit. None of this...
Anyway, let's play this song. This is, uh, Max Attack by D.M. Ashura.
Alright, I'm gonna queue it up here, and you guys can, uh, take a look at this and see if you wanna vote for it.
It's a rave version of a popular DDR song. Here it is.
It's DM Ashura with Max Attack.
Just kidding, just kidding, I couldn't resist.
I need a hug.
Whatever.
Alright, no, all kidding aside, all kidding aside, here it is, DM Ashura with Max Attack.
All right, we are back and let's see what everybody thought of Max Attack.
I like that last part that was different from everything else, but I don't like Max.
And I don't like, usually don't like the mixes of Max.
That one was okay, and it sort of reminded me of that scene from Blade.
But, it's still max. I mean, it wasn't bad. It was not bad. It's even better than max 300. Or max any of the other million versions of VR max there are.
So, since I would normally give Mack the four, I'm going to give that a six and a half.
All right.
Just above average.
Six and a half from Jamie.
Dark Childs.
Once again, Loki manages to pick the song that I tend to like, so I'm going to give it a ten.
While thinking of it and listening to it, I could totally picture my homeboy Enrique doing a light show with his orbiter
as all my friends fizz out and get crazy. So 10.
All right, D.R. Golic.
Um, I'm kind of with Jamie on the Max issue. Max is kind of like a noise song for me.
It's not bad, but it's more noisy. But I like the way they mixed this towards the end especially.
It had a lot of energy behind it. It kind of made me tired just listening to it.
but I think I would give it like, let's say a 7.
It's not too bad. It's pretty good. I'd like...
I would listen to it. I like it. Alright, Angel.
Alright, I'm gonna give it a 10, and I'm gonna tell you why I'm gonna give it a 10. Why's that?
Because I respect DM Ashura just as much
as I respect R.Loki over here. Because, I'll tell you what,
I've heard a lot of remixes, and
out of a lot of them, I mean, DM Ashura and Loki, they just...
I don't know. They just have a talent. They both have very extreme talent, and I, you know, I really respect that, so that's why I'm giving it a 10.
Logan!
His stuff just keeps getting better. I mean, I honestly, I hated Max Resurrection when he first made it. I thought it was like, eh, it was okay.
I mean, at least it's better than anything that, uh, you know, what Bomani Ruler did. Man, I totally forgot about Bomani Ruler.
But anyways, he just keeps getting better at his stuff, and I like how he's gone away from more of the midi stuff, and actually starting to use more of the tools at hand.
So yeah, I'd give it a 10, because it's really good.
And I really wanted to play the Clone Clone 1, but I'll just save that for another week, because when we start talking about the remix competition, because it was really good.
It's a really good remix of it. Back since no one's done a remix of that, you know, it's really good.
But, um, there's a lot of good stuff. If you really want to check out some of these remixes that are, um, coming out for, um, this new remix competition,
just go to PomaniCell.com in their forums, under Music Production. There's a whole thread on the remix contest, and there's a bunch of links on, like, page 2 where people are linking to their songs.
So go check it out there.
Did you enter that contest?
No, we did not.
Alright, that's good.
I thought that was an excellent remix. It's very well done.
D.M. Ashura is very talented. He's one of the best
Bimani remixers out there today, and the remix was incredibly well done.
That being said, I give it a four. Because...
What's wrong with that? Because I am absolutely
sick and fucking tired of Max. I am... I'm sorry, but that song did nothing for me.
I sat there going,
God, this is good. It's so well done. I'm like, this should hella be in DDR, but then I'm like,
but I'm fucking sick of this song. I'm so fucking sick of this song.
Sorry. That's just how I feel.
So, there you have it. But anyway, it doesn't matter what I
think or what anybody here thinks. It's really up to you guys out there in our chat room to place
a vote for your favorite song, and here are those three songs once again.
Song number one was Echo Image with Standing Alone.
Song number two tonight was Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra with a theme from Lubin the
a third.
Alright, in song number three tonight, DM Ashura with Max Attack.
you know what's up now place vote now send a private message to sky in the
chat room with your vote if you're not sure what I mean when I say that VX
Jason X V will be kind enough to place a description there of how to vote like he
always does and if you're not in our chat room yet you should get your ass
I mentioned earlier in my live journal that I was going to be finishing one of my songs.
Now I have not finished the song yet, but I was going to let you guys know what I was
planning to do.
One of the best remixes that I think I've done has been the Ecstasy 14 Hours mix.
But I was thinking to myself, what could make it better?
What could make it better?
Well...
Tell us, Loki.
It just so happens that in my family, there is a certain person who has vocal talent.
Obviously it's not me.
It would be my sister, Gypsy Wolf, who was on the show last week.
She's going to be, as soon as I figure out what I'm going to do and write the lyrics,
she's going to be laying down a vocal track for that song.
Sweet.
A completely original vocal track to go with it.
That's awesome.
Wow, I didn't know your sister could sing. That's cool.
So that's my plan. And then I'm going to also finish it off, make it the full length, and we'll do that. So that should be awesome.
What kind of lyrics?
I don't know. I haven't really thought about that yet. That's the problem. I've got to figure that out.
We've set the date to when we're going to record, not this coming up Wednesday, but a week from Wednesday.
I have about 10 days or so to figure out something. I should have enough time.
Have you done voices before? Voice vocals?
No, I haven't. It's just an experiment to see if it'll work. I think it should be fine.
We have a pretty quiet apartment here. It shouldn't be that much background stuff.
Really, the song has a very simple, you know, beat to it, you know, so just figure out something.
I just have to figure out cool lyrics for it.
That's about it.
That's cool.
That's awesome.
Good for you.
Alright, last call for cage match votes in our chat room, by the way.
Here's your last chance to submit a cage match.
We're doing a very, very close race right now between all three songs.
Very close.
While they're voting, we do have an opportunity to put in some plugs there.
Ah, yes.
Go and do some plugs.
Well, we have the one on Monday, right?
Absolutely. Monday Nights is Diversion on Orange Lawn's radio, our Bamani remix show.
And it runs between 7 o'clock and 9 o'clock, and of course you're gonna hear stuff like
Even Though I'm Sick of Max, I think that song definitely deserves to be in rotation on that show.
Max Attack, along with some of the other recent remixes.
In fact, this week we're gonna feature a lot of the newer recent remixes from that thread.
So, some of the good stuff.
So we'll add that in for you guys, and that's going to be this Monday night, and every Monday night, the Monty remixes.
It's an awesome show. Seriously, if you like DDR, if you like 2DX, you're missing out if you're not listening to this show.
There's some good, good stuff on it. I think it's the little gem of our station, honestly.
Tuesday is my baby. My retarded, backwards, beaten baby.
Two-headed from Silent Hill 4.
My two-headed baby from Silent Hill 4.
It's pump up the volume
Named after a really awesome movie from the 80s because I had Christian Slater in it and he was hot
With his little whole Jack Nicholson thing going on. Anyway back to my show
I starts off. It's supposed to start off at 7 with a pre-show
Depends on how my homework goes because I have a dentist appointment this week. Oh joy joy
But assuming all goes well and on time. I will be starting the pre-show at 7
maybe a quarter till and then the show starts at 730 and
And basically I go until about 10 30 or so. This is Pacific time, by the way
And sometimes I go later, but I just play you know, if you're in our chat room, I'll play whatever you request
But lately I've been doing marathons of stuff this past week. I did a strong bad sings
oh god, um and
I
Did something else and I really don't remember what the hell it was. Oh, yeah
I did a bunch of Richard G's lounge against the machine
Like you might have heard for our fortune cookie last week.
So we had a bunch of lounge against the machine.
And then afterwards I just got really bored and decided to play the entirety of Dressed to Kill.
The ideas are just so awesome.
So I'm probably going to be doing another comedy week soon.
But I'm thinking that this Tuesday I'm going to probably play some Desrow.
Oh, we've got requests to play Strong Bad Sings. Well, maybe I'll sneak in a few of the tracks off of Strong Bad Sings again.
But I think that I'm just going to go completely random and just play whatever.
So, you never know what you'll hear. I'm going to toss in some overclock remixes, toss in some stuff from Amplitude, I think, and play whatever.
Alright, good stuff on Pump Up The Volume. Why aren't you listening, if you haven't yet?
You're going to have to listen if you want to win that tier thing.
What the hell is up with Pump Up The Vicodin?
I like that.
I am not on Vicodin!
Wednesday night, brand new show, Outside The Box, is actually going to be on break for the next two weeks.
Because I'm gone, so you're going to get some Vanilla Sky Retro for the next two weeks.
two weeks, Vanilla Sky Retro, some of our old ass shit for the next couple weeks. Old
ass shit. And actually, actually we will do, we're gonna do some old ass shit next week
and then in a couple weeks you'll hear the outside the box preview show because a lot
of you guys missed that, so we're gonna replay that preview show because we didn't announce
it. So, we'll give you guys a second chance to hear it. So, at least you guys have something
new to look forward to. So, look forward to a Vanilla Sky Retro bit and outside the box.
and then when I get back, all new episodes!
Yay! For months and months and months.
Alright. You certainly should do a video game music trivia again, DarkSagra.
What did you just say?
You should do a video game music trivia again, DarkSagra.
Well, I'm thinking about changing my format on that one because it's really...
I can't get as much in, waiting on people to send in votes and everything,
but what I might do is I might do it in an email format.
I'm going to be setting up an email just for video game music trivia for our various trivia things as well as our contests. Maybe I should do that.
Alright. Let's see. Darktowel, do you have something you want to say?
Yes, before the votes are tallied.
Yes.
Slash MSG space sky space vote three. Enter.
Actually, the voting's closed because I'm just about to announce the winner.
So...
Meet your Rob.
All right.
What do you guys think?
What do you guys think won tonight?
What do you guys think won tonight?
Holik.
Holik.
Hahaha.
Loki says Echo Image won again.
What do you think, Jamie?
Holik.
Holik.
What do you think, Angel?
Umm...
That's really hard.
I...
Let me think about that for a second.
Let me think about that for a second.
Okay.
Here it is.
Tonight's winner.
And I gotta say, tonight's winner actually kind of surprised me.
I wasn't expecting this one to win, but it won by one vote.
Oh my god!
Yet again won by one vote
Tokyo skull
With loop in the third. I actually I thought our chat room was gonna go for the other stuff. I was kind of surprised
One vote over echo image and one vote. Oh, or I'm sorry two votes over DMS
sure, it was a very very close cage match tonight Wow and I
Was I'm actually surprised Jamie
I mean, I don't want to dog your pick or anything, but I usually, the pattern of the chatroom is, they go towards the techno stuff, and the Bomani remixes always win.
I think that is the first time a Bomani remix is not won, so.
But you can consider Lupin III a remix, I don't know.
Oh yeah, it did have two, actually, it was in, mainly a three, and as well as being in DDR.
And of course our chatroom's up in arms.
Hey, you voted!
That's right, you guys voted.
You voted. That's right. You need to exercise your right to vote as you should this November as well.
Rob. What? You forgot one. What? What's after Wednesday?
Thursday, the Orange House Radio Rewind. Thank you. And it's a week behind guys. Sorry, but next week
you're actually gonna hear the last week's show with Float Walk, which was a really good show though.
So listen. Of course it was. And then in two weeks you'll hear.
But that's actually a good thing that it's off by a week because it gives me a chance to put in next week's show
go after I'm gone. Maybe we did it that way on purpose. Alright. I'm, wow. I'm still surprised.
That's like the most surprising cage match win I think I've had. Nothing but surprises
here. We have a request in the chat. That means you whores are getting Britney next
week from me. I mean um. Actually I have a great, I think next week I'm gonna go to my
Sesame Street Sings album.
Cool!
Or what I'll do is I'll take a drum loop in the background. It'll be a remix.
Okay, Rob. We need like some Burt songs being all evil.
Alright.
Is that site still up? Birdisevil.com?
Yes. I know there's Birdisevil sites.
Skype line's open if you guys have any comments.
I want to hear that clip of the Sesame Street characters all high.
again yes Larry okay fortune cookie next week
yeah it doesn't even know that Donald Duck having sex one
that you'll have that the Donald Donald getting a blowjob
yeah I actually want to have that summer
I we did that a whole show next week all
fortune cookies that would be cool good yeah
fortune cookie I'm always scared of what happens when we
when I leave for a week, but we'll see. Anyway, Skyblind's ringing and hello, you're on Orange
Lawn's radio. Okay. First up. Yes. Who's this? It's Misty. Hi Misty, how are you? Hi Misty.
We like Misty because she helps archive cam pics for us. She's cool. How you doin'? Well,
as you can tell, I finally got my mic. Hey, good times. Alright. Well, what's on your
Well, cage mash, I say we got screwed over.
Don't blame us!
Do you want to tell what you voted for, Misty?
If Secret wants to, he can.
Oh, well that gives it away right there.
Misty voted for Echo Image, obviously.
I know it's a tough blow to all the Echo Image fans, but you know what?
I promise I will bring Echo Image back to the table in a later week.
Sounds good.
I guess we'll let Jamie have her moment with her little ska thing.
My little ska thing, you said you liked it.
I have to give her a hard time, I have to give her a hard time, totally.
That's a good ska song.
Anything else on your mind, Missy?
I just wanted to say happy birthday to Loki again, even though I said it's him in the live journal.
Personal happy birthdays are always good.
Thank you.
Wasn't that a great present that DD Archaholic got him?
Yeah, giggling is about all I can say about it too.
I forgot the message. Now if I could show up for my birthday, would I get Jack?
Huh? We'll see. Would she get Jack Daniels if she could
make it out here? Sure, why not?
Alright, we're going to let you go, Misty, so we can take another call.
Alright. Have a good one. Thanks for calling. You too. Bye bye.
It's good to hear from new people. Let's hear from another new person. Hello, you are on.
Oh, did I miss it? Oh, the guy hung up.
I tried to pick up the phone from somebody new and they hung up.
Grrr.
I'll call back.
Oh, they're calling back.
Let's try this again.
Howdy, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Sorry about that, Skye.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Who is this?
Uh, uh, S-Ghost.
Hi, S-Ghost, how are you?
I am doing very good.
How are you doing, Skye?
Good, I'm, I'm okay.
Life doesn't suck.
Alright, about the song, you know, yeah.
About the cage match?
About the cage match, I just got back when I heard you announcing all three songs there.
I think I'm personally responsible for Lupin winning.
Thank you!
Because you voted off that little clip there?
Exactly.
Looking back, I was watching various...
I feel sorry about talking about it, but I watched the new kids on the block, Bands Reunited.
Shut up!
But yeah, um, yeah.
Well, you know what, it's all your fault, but that's alright. We'll forgive you somehow.
How rules.
Friends is either ignorant or, you know, maybe they were just
taking some weird drugs that morning.
Seegert is yelling at you in our chat room right now as well. He's a little angry at you.
Seegert made my girlfriend hit me in the balls before the show.
How did that happen?
Wait, oh, you're cutting out, bud. How'd that happen?
Okay, basically, um, I have no idea where this came from.
But we got discussing, and he started talking about, like,
woman's place is in the kitchen, and then my girlfriend saw that,
and she's like, defend me, and I'm like, okay, don't hurt me.
It's okay, because he's a big gay, so it doesn't matter.
Alright.
Alright.
Have a good one, S-Ghost.
Anything else you want to share?
Um, I don't know.
I just wanted to say that, uh, yeah.
I'm happy looping one.
Alright.
Alright, well, I'm glad you're happy.
Thank you.
Have a good one.
You too.
Bye.
At least this program can make somebody happy.
You know, for the longest time, I thought his name was S-Goat, not S-Ghost.
No, it's S-Ghost.
There's an S in there.
Space Ghost, right?
I figured it out now, but before I saw S-Goat, and I'm like, what the hell is S-Goat about?
Space Ghost.
You idiot!
All right. Excuse me.
That's what you get for watching too much porn.
I think that when we... I think when we come back...
You know what I'm thinking, guys? I think we should do a Bomani match game when we come back.
What do you guys think?
All right.
And we'll do a Bomani Match Game over Skype actually.
One person can participate over Skype and the other one will do the chatroom as always.
So we'll set that up.
You know what?
What?
I need something hardcore to listen to.
I want to do some Guitar Freaks, actually.
That's what I was going to say.
I know, I know.
I'm stealing your thunder.
What can I say?
So we're going to hear Liar Liar, because I know you like that song.
And PPR, because I like that song.
And Fireball, because everybody likes that song.
Alright, so we will be back and then we're going to do Bomani Match Game and I'm going
find us some contestants because I want to get some people who haven't played
before. So we're going to get some bamani match game when we come back.
Ma, ke lon sha, sha te lu tai ba, tsukou lei kou shou
Da, shite, dan no ton eke kou, dekou lei, nichi o kou, ni sen no wa
Omei zaou, tsukou jalu toa, tsukou lei, tsukou lei, tsukou lei, tsukou lei, kou
I should show you how sweet it all is rollin' in
Daddy do you want the juice?
Daddy do you want it?
Daddy do you want the juice?
7, 2, 1, let's go!
Come up the stairs, don't stop the fire ball burning out of control
Kick those potatoes from the bottom of the sky like rock and roll
Get outta here!
Kickin' with my transmission, nuclear fissure's made for roll
I need a guy, I'll be a fireball for an hour to go
Why let him sit his head and wait for Sally King on a road?
Speak in his hand, just be a fireball for an hour to go
I'm gonna getcha!
It's great, man!
I'm getting out of this town
Got to pack my bags
And bring my wagons around
Move it out
To the man in the sky of the street
Move it out
When nobody wants to beat anyone
And nobody's backing me
I wanna be with the creatures of the grave
I'll stand by the dark, watch the rain fall asleep
Grab what you can, we'll hand for the wildcat friend
Hi, Dead Air. I forgot to queue up a promo. My bad.
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio, you're a big, stinky, poopy head and it smells like Shermie's litter box.
Alright, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, and we're going to do a Bomani Match Game.
I decided tonight I would just hand-pick the contestants. I just basically picked people that said,
I want to play in our chat room, and I set it up. I picked people that we don't hear from a whole lot.
So, we're actually going to call our first contestant, because our first contestant is coming in over Skype tonight, and actually, oh god, I hope I have the match game music.
Oh no! I'm going to be sad.
You do have it.
I don't have the...
I saw it on your list.
It used to be on my desktop, but I don't think I...
Because I brought it. I left it on your desktop.
Did you?
Didn't we have to download it last time?
Yeah, I just play it over and over and over again, but it's not messed up enough.
Let's give our first contestant a little phone call here.
He's supposed to be there. He better answer.
Let's click the buttons and get that to call.
One ring-a-dingy.
Two ring-a-dingies.
Hello!
Yo!
Hey! How you doing, Dork?
What's up?
Hey, I'm getting a little bit of feedback there, so turn down your winamp a little bit.
Uh, whoops.
That's all right. All right, Dork is good now. Yes, it's very good. You're nice and clear. We like that
All right. All right. Good Dork is contestant number one tonight and Dork will be playing against in our chat room
Kyle Snyder will be the other contestant tonight
All right. So Kyle versus Dork in tonight's
Bemani match game. I'm so excited. You know how this works, right Dork?
Explain it. All right. Well, that's what I always do is I explain it
Anyway, we're gonna give you a sentence and you will be responsible for filling in the blank in that sentence
But what you're trying to do is you're trying to match our famous celebrities here in studio
Who will also be writing something down you're trying to match them. So let's introduce tonight's celebrities
celebrity number one is
a
very famous lady you will recognize her from such films as
Damn it. That's my chicken pot pie
Dark Sakura, I don't know.
Dark Sakura is celebrity number one tonight.
No, I starred in the Watch Me Shove My Foot So Far Up Your Ass You Taste Toenails.
Alright.
Contestant number two tonight, you know him from a variety of gay porno, it is Dark Child.
I started that movie too, but I enjoyed it.
Alright.
Contestant number three tonight is actually going to be the token black chick in the next Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen movie.
She's going to be their cousin from Africa.
Oh my god.
DDR Gaholic.
Hello everyone.
I just had to work in a Mary-Kate and Ashley thing in there somehow.
Alright.
Oh my god.
Alright, and our third contestant will also be seen in the movie.
She will be playing Dr. Evil, however.
DDR Angel.
I did not release the Insane Monkey.
Hi Angel.
And also-
Hi Dork.
Also cameo-ing in the next Mary-Kate and Ashley film as the evil monkey is celebrity number five, Loki.
Hello.
I'm sorry, man.
Also playing tonight, the biggest celebrity of them all, me.
The biggest ego of them all.
I just have to say something to Dork because I like his screen name.
I was in a band called Dork and they have a webpage called Dork.com.
He's not kidding, it's true.
Do we have a TV theme?
Oh, we've got, we've got plenty.
Originality suck.
Okay, we're gonna get some kick-ass music here for the TV theme.
Alright.
Alright, let's see here.
How about we start off with, um...
This is just, um...
Yeah, we'll just play this.
Uh...
Welcome to...
The Body Match Game!
Alright.
Here we go.
Here we go.
the hell is this? Alright. Okay, here we go. Question number one. Shut up. Question number
one. Here it is. There's only three questions tonight. It's a short game tonight. We're
waiting. Alright. For his birthday, Loki decided he would actually go out and play some DDR.
as a special present to Loki, the arcade management let him do whatever he wanted to the machine.
So Loki decided to blank. Oh, me? Not yet. Not yet, dork. Think about it. Our celebrities
are thinking about an answer right now. Alright. Still thinking here, we're getting some answers
from our celebrities here oh one more time Loki decided he would actually go
out and play some DDR for his birthday and as a special present to Loki the
arcade management let him do whatever he wanted to the machine so Loki decided to
blank
yeah I know it's the buying a car theme. Alright, everybody got an answer?
Everybody dinged? Almost. Almost, almost. Jason's still writing.
Ding dong man, Jason's writing a book.
Alright, I'm still waiting for Kyle to send an answer. Oh, we got it!
Oh, we got an answer from Kyle, good.
All right, Kyle remembers participating via...
because we can't have multiple people on Skype, so he's participating via our channel.
All right, here we go. Let's see what we've got.
For his birthday, Loki decided he would actually go out and play some DDR,
and as a special present to Loki, the arcade management let him do whatever he wanted to the machine.
So Loki decided to... what, dork?
Well, first I thought about, like, he might Matrix Walk the damn machine.
That's an absurd answer.
I'm reading the chatroom and Zaku said,
Dukake the machine.
But I would say my answer is to hump the coin slot.
Hump the coin slot.
Amazing.
Let's see what Kyle thought.
Kyle said, Loki decided to strip dance on the machine
was Kyle's answer.
Pretty kinky.
Let's see if there's any match for those celebrities.
We're looking for hump the coin slot and strip dance.
One of those answers.
Jamie, what did you get?
Mine was take an axe after it like they did in office space in honor of the dead step
mania.
Ah, take it out and kick the shit out of it like they did in office space.
Good answer, but not a match.
Darkchild.
My answer was toss the salad and stink finger the Olsen twins while video taping from multiple
angle to make his first feature-length hardcore board.
That's almost a match with the strip dance one, but I can't give it to you, sorry.
DD Archaholic, what do you think? I said,
Hump the Machine. I think that's a match with the coin slot.
Good job! Dork has one point!
Alright, Angel, what did you say?
Loki decided to...
Pretend he's making love to one of the twins and hump the coin return.
I guess that's it, that's another match for Dork.
Hump the coin return, alright.
Loki what did you get?
Loki decided to...
The most obvious outside of the box answer, take it home!
Take the machine home, where it will be safe.
Wow!
That's such a G-rated answer.
My answer was, Loki decided to, he got to do anything he wants, so Loki decided to bend
over and shove birthday candles in his ass and shoot them at Golf Land Moms.
What kind of propellant is he using to shoot the candles?
Taco Bell.
Taco Bell?
Alright.
Liquid or gas.
Alright, anyway, let's move on.
No, worse, Del Taco.
all right here we go question number two dork is up by two points that's all
right Kyle here's your chance to catch up all right here it is question number
two I want music I want me back rhythm dark sacro was so excited that Rob was
going to be leaving for a whole two weeks when she got to take over his
computer to run the show she was extra sure to fill it up Rob's hard drive with
lots of blank
again dark sacra was so excited that Rob was going to be leaving for a whole two
weeks when she got to take over his computer to run the show she was extra
sure to fill it up Rob's hard drive with lots of black. Looking around to see how our celebrities
are doing. They're writing furiously. I had my answer already. My angel looks like she's
still working. She's poking holes in the couch or something. What are you doing over there?
Oh, she's waiting for the pen. Do you have an answer already? Okay. Alright, everybody
looks like they've just about dinged in so I'm making sure Kyle okay here we go
all right good we got an answer from Kyle stop the music stop the music
all right dork what do you say dark Sakura was so excited that Rob was going
to be leaving for a whole two weeks when she got take over his computer to run
the show she was extra sure to fill up Rob's hard drive with lots of j-rock j
Good answer. Let's see if it's a match. Kyle said, fill up Rob's hard drive with Mary Kate
and Ashley garbage. Running joke tonight. Let's see. Let's see if Kyle gets a point
off the running joke. Let's see. DarkSakra, you filled up my hard drive with lots of...
I would treat your computer as well as I do my own. Therefore, it would be filled with
Ragnarok Online, Wonder Woman Episodes, Stargate Episodes, G.I. Joe Fanfiction, and J-Rock, just like my PC.
So, I don't know. Does J-Rock count as a match?
This one is a mini game.
I'll give it half a point. Half a point. Half a point a match for Dork. Good job.
Alright, let's see. Just to clarify, but no Mary-Kate and Ashley.
Oh, hell no!
Oh, that's unfortunate. Alright. Dark Child, what'd you put?
You know, I kind of went the same way as Jamie, except I figured she'd put stuff that's, like, on my computer.
So I said, Chupacabra butt-humping porn hand-selected by me from my personal super nasty collection.
What kind of porn was that again?
Chupacabra butt-humping.
Explain that to me when I'm a little bit older.
I don't get it. They don't have any actual footage of it, but they have porno of it.
Well yeah, you can't get a picture of all of Chupacabra, but they managed to get his ass in the film.
Poor Kyle. Poor Kyle. Let's see if we can get Kyle a match. Let's see if we can get Kyle a match from DDRgolic.
Oh, I don't know. Let's see. I said the entire collection of Vivid Videos straight porn.
Oh, Vivid Videos.
Am I, like, some, like, sex-deprived?
I don't think so.
The genius is Vivid. It's okay.
You know, it's just that Rob's sex-deprived. We were thinking that you might want to help him out.
Oh, okay.
Well, that makes sense.
Or just, you know, ruin his day with something.
Ew, our chat room's nasty.
They're saying nasty things about a Kiriyamoka and ferrets being put on the computer.
Uh-oh.
Uh, DDR Angel, what'd you say?
Gay ditter porn.
Gay ditter porn?
Okay, ditter sounds like diddling.
Fine, DDR.
Gay DDR porn, grand.
Alright.
It sounds like a kinky sex act, too.
Yeah, it sounds like diddling.
She filled up my hard drive with lots of tech.
Taku!
Excellent, excellent, but not a match.
I said she was extra sure to fill up Rob's hard drive with lots of her bank account information.
Not a match, unfortunately.
I have to answer something in the chat room.
Dark Knight is asking why does that name sound familiar.
The chupacabra is the goat eater, you know, people in Mexico believe in him and people in Puerto Rico.
Please change the subject.
Oh, and Florida.
All right.
Last question.
Kyle, here's your chance to catch it all up.
I'm casting a hex on Dork so that he will not match you on this one.
Let's see.
Rob was...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I need music.
Give me my music.
Give it to me.
Thank you.
Rob was excited to finally get to meet some new DDR players on the East Coast.
He walked into an arcade in New Jersey and proudly announced to the large DDR crowd gathered
that my name is Sky and I like to blank.
Rob was excited to finally get to meet some new DDR players on the East Coast.
He walked into an arcade in New Jersey and proudly announced to the large DDR crowd gathered
that my name is sky and I like to blank. Alright, let's uh... Dark Sakura's having a hard time
coming up with an answer. We'll have to give her an extra minute. My name is Sky and I
i like to play
did you do
waiting on the matter
waiting on time waiting on dark sacra hope looks like i was lit up there with
if you got an answer
finance
i want to see
if you could do some very pervert answer
back to your pervert
God, a total perv, disgusting.
Idiot laid or something.
Kyle's sad because he says if I don't score any points
it's gonna be really humiliating.
Look, Kyle, the way it usually works,
usually it always ends in a tie game of zero zero.
Dork is exceptionally good at this game.
This is like playing Ken Jennings at Jeopardy, okay?
That guy who's won for like 45 times in a row,
that's Dork, okay?
I'm sorry, whatever. 75. How many times do you want?
Alright. DarkSaga, did you get an answer?
I hope so, because the music's up. Alright.
What? I'm sorry?
My name is Sky and I like to blank. Let's see. First off, Dork.
Let me read it one more time. Rob was excited to finally get
to meet some new DDR players on the East Coast. He walked into an arcade in New Jersey
and proudly announced to the large DDR crowd gathered that my name is sky and I
like to get drunk while running up the walls claiming that he's in the matrix
and advertising orange lounge run up the wall drunk claiming that he's in the
matrix referencing our last drunk show and that actually happened and I was
passed out pouring orange on radio let's see what Kyle said Kyle said my name is
Skye and I like to make fun of celebrities. Which is true! I do like to make fun of celebrities.
So let's see if anybody got a match on that. Let's go around to... Jamie. Jamie, my name
is Skye and I like to... I couldn't think of anything. I just said whore out orange
lounge. Whore out orange lounge. That's a very good answer. Unfortunately, not a match.
Dark child, dare I ask. My name is Skye and I like to... Can I give my answer last? No.
Okay, I'm going to try to do it in one breath.
All right.
Eat chocolate salad sauce fresh from the arse of young 15-year-old dinner players made only
from the milk of a virgin dairy cow and the chocolate from organically fed vegetarian
pieces of trim and toned meat puppets.
Whatever.
Oh my God.
You were descriptive.
And now we, you know what, this is what happens when you leave Jason at home by himself all
day.
Yes.
Remember, I go to a chiropractor three times a week, what else am I going to fill my time
with?
Porn.
Pukake.
Alright.
Anita.
Both of those were acceptable answers.
DeeDee Archaholic, not a match unfortunately, DeeDee Archaholic, my name is Skye and I like
to...
Play doubles!
Play doubles!
PLAY DOUBLES!
Awww, that's a cute answer!
But not a magic.
That's alright.
For the record, I hate doubles.
I do like to play doubles, but I only like to do my white boy freestyle to it.
Alright, Angel, my name is Skye, and I like to...
Hold on.
Get down and freestyle to Sexy Planet complete with your bitches.
Get down and freestyle to what?
Sexy Planet!
Oh, the freestyle I wanted to do at the Scandia tournament, but got denied.
And you had your bitches!
Alright.
Whatever you called them.
Loki, my name is Skye and I like to...
Yeah, what Jason said.
So you wrote down the exact same thing that Jason said.
No, I wrote down, yeah, what Jason said.
And lastly, my answer.
My name is Skye, and I like to play DDR.
Oh!
Sorry!
Hello, perverts.
Hey!
All right, final tally.
In second place tonight...
Tally music.
Oh, yes, we need tally music.
I demand tally music.
Eat chocolate salad sauce.
All right, that's right.
In second place tonight is Kyle with a zero point score but because we felt bad for him
we gave him one tenth of a point so one tenth of a point for Kyle yay thank you for playing
as our runner up you win nothing absolutely nothing no no no we have to give him something
air all right we'll send you some air and take a deep breath and in first
place tonight the one the only dark with two and a half points and as your prize
you get nothing absolutely nothing you lose do not pass go do not collect $200
then go directly to jail.
Good day, sir.
You get bragging rights, my friend.
Good day, sir.
Turn off the damn music.
All right.
But he's actually, I think, he's our high score.
I think once we had three points.
That was Puppy.
Puppy, I think, got a three-point throw-in.
I was close.
Yeah, you got close once, too.
I was close, because you know what?
I feel bad for Kyle, but it's not as bad as eating Jamie's nuts.
If anybody remembers that, I'm like, what?
Episode 26.
My God, you are a living library of this damn show.
That's right. I love it. Alright. Dork,
thanks for playing. But, also, you do get a second prize for winning tonight,
Dork. You know what that is?
Air? No, you get hung up on.
Alright.
I got a prize Dork can have. Oh, what's that? When I get home, he could spend like an
hour in private instant message with me and I could disturb him and give him bad
dreams and
torment his mind to where he never wants to listen to LR again, at least not while I'm
on the show.
Just find Darkchild.
Darkchild, do you want to give out your email?
My email is dchild999, that's spelled D-C-H-Y-L-D-E 999 at yahoo.com.
Alright.
I was so mean when I did Dork, but it was hilarious at the same time.
Alright.
It's because we love you.
We do love Dork, but we love Kyle too.
We love Kyle too.
In fact, don't we have like a Kyle remix on your computer?
Okay, as a treat to Kyle for coming in second place, we will play one second of one of his
remixes.
So here it is, one second.
Play the whole song.
Play the whole song.
We get one second, because we're running out of show.
Here it is, one second.
There it is.
There it is.
One second.
There it was.
Aw.
Alright.
No, maybe we'll play the full thing on a later day when we have more time.
That was kind of like almost having an orgasm.
It was a great drum roll. It was great.
You know, Poto, that's okay if you fill it with spam, because that is my spam email address.
Alright, um, the chat room is demanding a reverse cage match in the near future. We're going to have to do one of those.
I was going to mention, since he was mentioning disturbing stuff, I'm building my device this week!
Oh yeah!
Oh, you're going to contact the dead!
Yeah, I have to use that magnet wire for something. I'm glad I won't be here for that show
And you know, isn't that like that movie Prince of Darkness
Huh? You remember that movie? No. No, I gotta I gotta get that is it Prince of Darkness? It's like another
Talking to the dead or actually they were talking to the future or something
They can he can listen to the dead and hear him talk shit about him. Can I hope you test your machine looking?
Sure. I mean, you know, I could go into the next world and try and talk to you back.
I can't do that. We need to do our FUs, because we haven't done those.
Yeah. And we are running on a limited schedule.
I agree. We do have to. We're not going to take a break. We're going to go right into tonight's FUs.
So go ahead and send those over private message to Skye. Keep them short. In the chatroom.
Please keep them short. We have lots of people that want to get read tonight. So keep them short or you're not getting read.
Alright, here we go. Jamie, why do we do the FUs of the Week here?
Because we're full of angst.
My first FUs of the Week goes for the several number of people who tried to run me off the road today.
I don't have a problem with old people usually, but I have a problem with them driving when
they drive 30 miles under the speed limit, and that is not an exaggeration.
It was a freaking 50 mile, no, they were driving 25 under the speed limit, I'm sorry.
They were creeping down the road, this is like slow.
It's annoying, let alone dangerous.
Another SU goes to me not being able to get my laptop so soon, but then again I'm doing the responsible thing, you know.
Finally got the AC fixed in my apartment, so I retract my SU to the apartment manager's.
Although we nearly withheld our rent because of that.
Another F.U. goes to my arms for hurting so freaking bad right now, but that'll be over in a couple days.
Really, I'm not as full of the angst as I was just because I have A.C. in my house now.
Very good.
And the weather's cooling off. It's supposed to be in the 70s. It's coming in a week.
No way! Awesome.
And oh, another F you goes to a hurricane Ivan for existing
Yeah, and of course hitting my it's gonna be heading right on toward my family. Yeah, so
well, sometimes we have to deal with Mother Nature and I
Have another one, but it's very vague
People have been bringing up obscure stuff that's sort of making me scratch my head lately.
Not like bad obscure things, but just like things I'm like, huh, regarding, you know?
And like, it happens at work, it happens at home.
And you know what, if you're going to bring up an obscure reference, make sure I know what the stuff the reference is before you bring it up.
Dan said something the other day that just was like, what?
and so yeah so that's it all right let's move on to the ever-so-loving Loki
yeah fuck you the Benny Hana's because I wanted to go eat there at that
establishment on my birthday but they said okay so first we had to you know
They said make a reservation the earliest time they had was nine. I was like fuck that. I don't want you at nine
I want to eat at six so like fine come on down, and you know you'll just have to wait
You know you have to wait a few minutes or whatever to get in there. Oh, yeah, that's fine
You know Saturday you have to wait everywhere so in there. We're like yeah
We want a table for our six people they're all so how long is it gonna be?
well
910
So fuck them for wasting my time for telling me that I had to wait three hours for a fucking table
so
yeah, that fucking sucks and
I don't know. That's pretty much all I have is just been honest
They pissed me off
You know and I just hope I don't get killed by a tree falling over outside because there's an awful lot of them
They're just limbs are falling off
That's all. I'm keeping it short.
No, they get worse. My turn and I would like to give an F.U. to my dad's laptop that he just got from my brother.
The piece of shit doesn't work. I was so excited because my dad was like,
Sure, son. You can take this laptop to Pennsylvania with you. Just don't put any pornography on it.
on it. That's my dad, he sounds like one of the Muppets. He said I could take his laptop,
but I had to just install Windows on it. Okay, I know how to install Windows on a machine.
Well, Windows wouldn't install on this machine because the fucking hard drive was broken,
and it would only recognize that there was a hard drive in there with a size of 16 kilobytes.
You know what? Too bad you didn't talk to Julie, because she's had that same problem
before and got Windows loaded up by doing it through network.
God dammit!
Sorry, that thing didn't have a network adapter on it and I didn't feel like buying one, so...
Fuck the laptop and fuck the fact that I will have no way of communicating with my friends
back home.
No, I'm kidding.
I have a cell phone and everybody better call me after six o'clock your time.
And I'll be updating my photo blog, lots and lots, from Philadelphia.
Or, I mean, not Philadelphia, but Allentown where I'm going, so...
And a pre-emptive F.U. to the New Jersey DDR crowd because they will all be better than
me, I'm sure.
No, seriously, I was looking at some of the DDR pictures on Freak and stuff and I'm kind
of scared.
I hope people don't expect me to be good at DDR just because I have this show.
Alright, let's move on to Dark Child, dare I let him have a chance?
I'm gonna try and keep it short.
I mean, there's still the usual fuck yous to basically the entire White House staff
right now in Bush, but fuck you to my back for not being better because I can't do shit
with an injured back.
No one wants to hire me because I'm either a liability or can't lift shit.
Fuck you to Workman's Comp for not giving me any money.
Fuck you to the laws that are in place right now because they fuck over victims.
Fuck you to SAC PD for not responding when my car was broken into.
Fuck you to the bastards who broke into my car and stole my stereo.
I'm poor bitch just like you guys are, so please don't steal from me, and a big fuck
you to all those French haters right now that keep talking shit about, oh France this, France
fucking this, wasn't saving their ass in World War I and II good enough for them. People
tend to forget that when we were trying to get away from England way back when, that
the French came and saved our asses. Let's give a shout out to Lafayette, right? Lafayette.
Laffé?
Laffé.
It was one of the big people who were involved with that.
Oh.
Okay.
Doesn't anybody pay attention in school?
A long time ago.
But I just hate people who bash the French just because they don't want to go into this
war.
You know, I think this war is stupid.
And I think the French made a good call.
I'd like to order some freedom fries, please.
I'd like to bash the French for being smelly.
See, that's alright.
because they do smell a little bit.
So I mean, don't talk shit like, Oh, we saved our ass World War II.
Wasn't that good enough for us?
Why can't they help us?
Why are they talking shit?
It's because Bush fucking sucks.
Here's another thing.
We didn't do that.
Your daddies and granddaddies who are in the military did it or whatever.
And, uh, yeah, I hate Republicans and I hate Democrats too.
I hate third party now too.
Fuck you to, uh, uh, Nader, whatever his name is.
because his campaign now is trying to get Bush re-elected instead of trying to get him elected president.
What kind of presidential campaign is that? Trying to get someone else elected president.
Fucking stupid asses. I hate all politics.
I'm nonpartisan in case you guys are wondering. I don't belong to any party.
Fuck them all. You should start that the fuck them all party.
All right. I usually vote for the radical meadow party for, you know, Bill the Cat in Opus.
the alcoholic
uh... i i just want to say fuck you to comcast again
uh... no wait no SBC i'm sorry SBC actually comcast didn't do too bad this week
SBC has been calling us incessantly telling us
that we should get SBC DSL it's just as good as cable right?
it's just it's cheaper than cable internet
so we finally gave in and said okay because they told us we do have service in our area
they told us we don't have servers in our area
then they called us back again and told us we do have servers in our area
and had us actually sign up this time. And then they had somebody
almost out to give us all our servers and everything. And then they called
back again and told us we don't have servers in the area.
So they just gave us a runaround.
I just have to jump in on this one because
Anitta doesn't know all of it. They actually called. Told me it was available.
Called a week later. Not available. Called. It was available.
a week later, not available, called, it was available, called again, a couple days later, not available, called again, it was available, I had her triple check it on the phone, she said it was available, so I signed up. So it was like three or four times they called to tell me it was available, then not available in my area.
Fucking SBC, straight back straight.
Could I be writing a letter to the Better Business Bureau?
Yeah, something's gotta be done. It's crazy.
Alright, DDR Angel, you're refused.
And uh, people have been keeping tabs on my lab journal for those people that uh, you
know, are on it, are on my friends list and stuff.
You guys know where this is coming from, um, big fat fucking F you to Hurricane Ivan.
I got family back there, you know, my flesh and blood, well not really mine, but I mean
my brother's baby, and uh, his wife back there.
You know, I'm praying to somebody upstairs that they are still alive, I have not been
able to contact them, and you know what, just a big F you to that, seriously.
know that's it and I'm not I'm trying real hard not to get the choked up here
but anyway you know big fucking if you do that big if you to Andrew's work
because they haven't paid him yet and he needs to get paid so you know what put
that check in the mail and please say Comcast is gonna screw me this week all
right let's get to our chat room if you isn't God hopefully it gets them off
politics because that's all they're talking about right now
not political show god
tell dick and fart jokes
uh...
but you to myself for not going to j tap this weekend as i did really want to go
but i just had other shit so i didn't go
uh...
i want to add that in there
that was myself
dark knight says
Quick FU, FU to the NASCAR races and the awful traffic that ensues after that race, but on
the side note, I did get to go to one of the races that weekend for free.
The X-Chase and X-V says FU to vehicles and they don't start, that happened to my friend
this week.
John Field says FU to my laptop, anyone got some TNT I want to blow it up.
Also FU to whoever destroyed 2.5 miles in North Korea, we don't need a nuclear war right
now.
Karmatitan says F you to Bill Gates because your god damn Windows XP Pro has shitty shit shit shit that sucks out bandwidth you shit shit whore.
I'm sorry edit Bill Gates replace Microsoft with Bill Gates.
And F you to Latinos.
Wow. I guess he has something to say about that.
Dork says F you to Sky for hanging up on me like such a bitch.
Kisses!
What? What'd you say, Anita? Then go pee!
Attention, Anita has got to pee.
Alright, Rychan says F you to Adelphia Cable for continually dicking us around for almost a week.
F you to my brother for continuing to use my parents even though he's living on his own.
Misty says, F today for having to end. Being lazy without getting bitched out about it kicks ass.
Seagurd says, F you to the damn chat room for picking the wrong song in cage match. No offense Jamie, I heart you but it's echo image and they are possibly fourth on my music gods list.
And F you to my car. I feel like I'm playing Mario Kart in one of the ice stages every time I drive it.
Ninz says, F you to the remains of Hurricane Francis, we got tons of rain here on Thursday
and there was lots of flooding. F you to my job, my boss has gotten to the point of not
telling me what actual time I'll be working until five minutes before I punch out. F you
to some of the people I have to work with, I swear one of them needs to ride the short
bus and another is a hypocritical ass. Oh yes, F you to the general population of the
US, I swear I'm moving to Canada, Bush gets re-elected. I heard a lot of people say that,
That would be very interesting if that happened.
Zaku says, my FUs for the week.
FU to our government for not catching Osama bin Laden.
FU to me not having a song or routine for the major DDR
Nationals turning in New York City next month.
FU to State University of New York's University Police
for being dicks and shutting down unregistered parties
this weekend at my campus.
Skye, the second FU, is a freestyle routine.
Just making a note of that.
OK, you got it.
Jazz says, FU to my mom's driving.
I've never seen someone break so many road laws so quickly in my life.
Silent Ben says, hands about what's going on on Friday.
I thought it was nephew.
Esco says, F you to all the telemarketers calling recently.
I have a new strategy though.
Skype me to check it out.
No, I actually, can I make a mention?
Sure.
If a telemarketer calls you, tell them to opt you out.
By under federal law, they actually have to take off the dialer.
I have to admit, even though he's already been on the show once tonight, I'm just too damn curious on what the hell's going on with this telemarketer thing.
We have a telemarketer that keeps calling us, too.
See, with telemarketers, I think you should just say, oh, hang on, let me get the person in charge of the account, and just set the phone down, and leave it.
Let's see if he picks it up.
God damn it, answer your phone.
Ring ring. Ring ring. He said Skype him, here I am.
Hello?
Hello, sir! Would you like to take our survey?
Uh, um, uh, sure.
No, seriously, what's your strategy for telemarketers?
Oh. Well, I was trying it. I was trying it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I had, like, a whole thing. Sky, you ruined it all.
God damn it! Okay, sorry. Rewind.
Put it all on, Skye!
Would you like to take a survey?
I had the- I had the band ready.
Wait, wait, wait. Yeah, he was going to do that!
That's the best!
What the hell's going on?
Hey, I don't know!
Skye, are you happy, Skye?
Are they having a party?
Yeah, I guess. Who's yelling? What the hell?
What's the strategy? Tell me the strategy!
No.
What is the Matrix?
Excuse me, what is the strategy? What is the matrix the matrix or the strategy?
You know, I've completely forgotten what it was after all but you know what it doesn't matter it's it's all about spontaneity so
Yeah
I'm hanging up on you. I think he's just a Skype whore
I think he has as much as possible you Skype whore
Or you need to go to Skyper's Anonymous, get some treatment, because you have a major Skype problem.
I just wanted to hang up on somebody else, the door doesn't feel so bad, so I hung up on him.
Alright. I guess I fucked that up, my bad.
Is that all the FUs?
I guess so, that was all the FUs.
Okay, I got two more real quick ones.
Oh Jesus, what?
George Lucas, for when he releases his next Star Wars on DVD, the trilogy, he made some
changes again.
He needs to learn to keep the movies the way they were, they're classics for a reason.
And then my other fuck you I kind of forgot, so fuck you to forgetting my fuck you.
I think we will take a really quick break and then we're going to come back and wrap
up this show.
Wait, wait, wait.
Rob.
Or do you want to just do some Ask Orange Lounge here real fast?
I was going to ask Lucas something real quick.
On air.
Um, if anybody's a Star Wars fan out there, Lucas has announced, um, 7, 8, and 9. Star Wars. Episode 7, 8, and 9. So I don't know if Loki's heard about that or not.
Does Loki even like Star Wars?
I don't really care, actually.
Yeah, I don't like him either, so...
Hey, I thought it was just nice to bring up, I don't know.
Eh, that's alright.
Alright, let's see.
I wanna prank call people.
I'm going to call somebody who's not listening to our show.
We're being old school.
There's somebody on the list that's not listening to this show, and I want to call him and find
out why.
Hold on a minute, I'm going to see if he even picks up.
Let me telemarket him.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Why aren't you listening to the show?
Uh...
Uh...
I don't know.
Who is this?
It's Unknown Gamer, our old pal.
Why aren't you listening?
Why aren't you listening? You're making us sad.
Why aren't you listening?
Oh, because I'm a little sick right now.
And you guys have a little too much for me when I'm sick.
Oh, I'm sorry, bud. Oh, we didn't mean to disturb you.
It's okay. Alright, you go... Were you sleeping?
Kinda. God, I feel like a real dick now!
Hugs and kisses from us to you!
Alright. Feel better. God, we're bastards.
You're the one who called him. I didn't call him.
I'm sitting over here in the big green chair, and Rob's all calling people while they're feeling crappy.
You are such a bitch.
Yeah, if he's sleeping, how do you answer his computer?
Yeah, maybe he sleeps by his computer. Or maybe his computer is in his bed or something.
If I didn't want to get called, I'd turn the damn thing off.
Turn on your computer answering machine.
What? What? What? What?
What? What?
Sky got owned. Oh my god, you're so mean, Rob. Rob is evil. Prank call me.
It's not a prank call if you expect it. Yeah, it wasn't a prank call. We just, you
know. We announced who we were. We said what we wanted.
Uh, do you have a Seymour? Seymour Buds? I want a Seymour Buds!
I'm looking for a
Oliver, last name Close Off.
You wanna know what? What? I knew somebody in high school named
Benjamin Dover. I knew someone named Peter Spank.
His middle name was Martin so his initials were PMS.
That's funny. You know his parents did that intentionally.
I knew someone named Ben Dover.
Dead air.
Alright.
I think it's time to put the nail in the coffin of this train wreck of a show.
Well, you know, I could have just filled up dead air with more fuck yous.
That's alright. Let's go ahead.
Hi, Unknown Gamer.
Our bestest friend in the whole wide world who's come to this.
That's okay. You can lash out just like everybody else in the chat room did.
Hey, Unknown Gamer.
They got your back.
Unknown Gamer, if you were asleep, how'd you answer your computer?
He sounded kind of asleep. I think he was getting busy.
I know, I totally think we interrupted sex.
We interrupted some hot nicky.
Hey, if I was getting some, I would not answer Skype. Or if I answer it, I just answer it and leave it off the hook.
Alright. God. Oh, we're so rude. Alright, let's finish up the show and get our final thoughts.
Dark Child, your final thought?
Republicans suck more than any political party.
I have a hawkerthorn and he's cute.
Um, Ivan can suck it. I'm sorry. I can't stress that enough.
And, Loki, your final thought?
I need to find a good LCD screen for my portable computer.
Dart Sacra, your final thought?
My final thought is, Unknown Gamer is my bestest friend in the whole wide world and I love him so much!
Don't kill me!
It was just the name that jumped out of me on the list. He's not in our chat room.
Alright, and let's see, final word of the show.
Jamie's making pouty faces, but you know I have to give it to Darkchild.
Because she's going to take the last word next week when I'm out here.
Darkchild, the final word of tonight's show, please.
Analingas.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production. For more information about our station, visit our website at
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
These people shot the fade
These people
These people shot the fade
These people
These people shot the fade
These people shot the fade me
I can't handle it
Come come come come call me on my cell phone
I'm getting busy
These people shot the fade me
I'm getting busy
Come come come come call me on my cell phone
I'm getting busy
Coach Z's got money
But not much
Coach Z's got money
But not much
Coach Z's got money
BUT NOT MUCH
I can use a dollar
I can use a couple of bucks
I'm so old school
1, 2, 1, 2
They tore the school down. Where are my lasers at?
Where my lasers at y'all?
Where my lasers at?
Where are my lasers at y'all?
Where my lasers at?
All the people tried to tell me where my lasers at
and your mother tried to show me all the laser crabs
and I got a bunch of types of other laser thebs!
These people, these people, these people drop the bait!
These people, these people, these people drop the bait!
I can flow, 1-2-1-2
I can freak, 1-2-1-2
Uh…
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
You
I was trying to send private messages to a certain somebody to apologize for something
happened earlier in the show because I feel bad about it now but you live you
learn it's okay I hope I think it'll be okay I have one day we'll look back on
this and laugh yeah but in the meantime I'm going out of state tomorrow so who
cares all right I just thought of something what Pennsylvania's near the
coast kind of ouch oh shit one of my fellow DJ's are gonna be in trouble too
then I'm not too worried about that hurricane thingy whatever because you
know I don't think it really floods where I'm at and I'll be on the second
hotel anyway so I'll be okay of course you're just gonna get the rain part of
it I think all right um wowie Wow I don't know what else to say during the
Why don't you tell us, you were just talking to us during the break while the credits were
rolling there.
You were telling us about a club you were forming and a poll you were doing.
I want to hear more about this.
Tell our listeners about this because there might be other people interested.
Yeah, well my live journal earlier this week, actually I think it started last week, I put
up a poll with two questions about Street Fighter, the Japanese movie.
First question was, have you seen Street Fighter?
And the second question was, what do you think about Sonny Chiba?
So Street Fighter is a movie that came out back in the 70s.
It was either 1973 or 74, starring Sonny Chiba, who's a very big martial arts actor in Asian
circles and overseas.
He's just now starting to become fairly popular here because of Kill Bill.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
He's an amazing actor.
He's an excellent martial artist.
He's well trained in martial arts.
I just saw Street Fighter two weeks ago, and it was just a trip.
I loved it.
I just wanted to share that with people.
I wanted to see if other people might be interested, wanted to watch it.
I would totally, if I could, and I had the know-how, I would totally start a Sonny Chiba
fan club.
I don't know if I could do it.
You could always start one on the internet.
Yeah.
I started to look to see if there is one, I don't see there's been one.
That's what the internet's for, pornography and fan clubs.
Yeah.
I've found a fan listing.
We have the advantage of being a little bit of both, actually.
A little bit of both?
Yes.
Here at Ornishaw's Radio, we are a fan club and a little bit of pornography.
Oh, that's weird, but it's true.
It is true.
Sadly true.
So, anybody out there have any words for Street Fighter or Sonichiba?
Well, we're looking in the chatroom.
Dude, he's so hot.
How about, if you like ninja movies, he has been in some of the best
ninja productions ever. I wanted to see the TV series he did.
Yeah, the Kage no Gunda. Yeah. Oh, I love it. I love it so much.
By the way, if we ever get to do that, I'll watch it.
Cool, awesome. I need to find something that's gonna poke a hole in my belt.
I don't want to go spend 20 bucks on a new belt.
Ice pick. You have an ice pick?
Just don't use a pen knife. I've heard really bad stories about that one.
Yeah, that's why you're wearing it, too.
No. Okay, I'm going home, bye. Oh, no.
Oh, we have to say bye-bye.
Dude, party at my house.
Actually, it's called going to bed when I get home.
Okay.
I actually have to say buh-bye as well. Am I taking you home tonight?
I'm not sure.
Oh, okay.
Good, because I have to finish packing, so...
Yeah, that's why I...
I have to pack and, uh, you know, go away.
And I'm going to miss you guys on Orange Clown.
Oh, by the way, um, um, um, if you need games, um, come to the car.
Oh, yay. Okay.
Yep.
I will do.
Uh, and, uh, I'm going to miss you guys while I'm gone again.
Keep in touch.
I'll take very good care of your Silent Hill 4 for you.
For the love of God, don't ruin the show next week. I'm just kidding.
We'll miss you too, Rob.
Are you guys coming back next week for the show? Because Dark Sakura and Loki need some people.
Okay, somebody has to kidnap me then.
Alright.
We'll be here then.
These people try to faze me.
Huh?
These people try to faze me.
Who?
Nothing.
You were listening to the fortune cookie then.
then oh no I'm sorry went over my head a little there but not many things do all
right I'll those you guys in Pennsylvania New Jersey look out cuz I'm
coming and I like to play DDR all right post show commercial free but money
music and more have a good one you guys thanks for tuning in to and supporting
Orange Lounge Radio. Buh-bye!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
I'm wishing you the bliss of love to find out where my heart belongs
I'm living to the myth of love
To find the place my heart belongs
I'm living to the myth of love
To find a place my heart belongs
I'm here in the middle of love
You'll find the place where my heart belongs
All the
I'll see you in the next video.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Yeah, let's go!
Yeah, let's go!
And the heat of the night, the night, the night
Why did our feelings die of action When we fought for satisfaction?
But our hearts and hearts always save me
Why?
There's a love on this magic
Just a cute kind of tragic
We were here for the best
In the heat of the night
Once you close to the fire
And the power of our hearts
You made us meet by the inside
And I'm here for mine
Marching close to the fire
And the power of my heart
You made us meet by the inside
And I'm here for mine
And the heat of the night, the night, the night, the night
Down around the corner, I head for my phone here
To see them long chain runners, watch them disappear
Without love, where would you be now?
Without love
You know they're running late without love Where would you be now, nah, nah, nah Without
Without love
Well pistons keep on turning and the wheels go round and round
And the steel rail back holding hard and the miles that they go down
Without love
Where would you be right now
Without love
Without love
Where would you be now?
So my baby on the road
Don't have business that I lost
Tryna everyone with a sweeter smile
Oh tonight I wish you
Oh tonight I wish you
Could be killing me but I won't see
Till you've made it back up again
There's a place that shouldn't be
It's far from home
All the time going by
Time for a big moment, oh tonight, I wish you, oh tonight, I wish you could be here with me but I won't see you till you've made it back again
We're going home, we're going home.
