II
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...mukake.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 113 for this, September the 26th of 2004.
You're tuned into the B-Money scene's most absent-minded radio station of all things
B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, yes, the whole crew is back here tonight, my lovely co-host, the
happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers.
You know her better start, Sakura.
O-M-G-W-T-S.
CBQ.
Bite my butt.
Also in house tonight,
the faithful,
lonely man from last week.
Say hello to
Tech Master Loki.
Kitchen Man.
Now he's Kitchen Man too.
I was throwing away the nasty fries.
Yeah, and I'm here.
Oh, you sound a little drained after last week.
Anyway.
Also joining us, we have a variety of
special guest say hello to uh... the always
the couple guests who are always here it seems like they're just kind of the
fourth and fifth wheels of the show respectively
in this rv of mobile home
uh... say hello to bradley arcadia forty-two
howdy
how you doing bradley
and uh... also say hello to angel
oh you're not going to use me but you're not gonna
ddr angel very good
No, you're just Angel for short now.
Oh, damn it. Fine. I guess I'm-
DR Angel USA. That's your new name now.
Shit.
Well, at least you didn't put tics, Angel, pop music, Angel, whatever.
You got the shitty mic. Just to warn you, you gotta hold it at the bottom when you talk in it.
Just careful.
I got the shitty mic right now.
You go, girl.
Yeah.
Alright.
Hahahaha.
Hahahaha. Anyway.
Did they even get what I said or no?
Yeah, they heard most of it.
They heard-
Yeah.
And, uh, no. I'm not gonna go there.
Yeah, okay.
Alright, uh...
Stop sending them hurricanes.
Um, yeah, really.
Uh, we got a really big show tonight, and I'm very disappointed.
We only have about, like, half our usual listeners tuned in right now. Shame on you!
You're watching football.
That's after, you know, I did the show last week, you know.
Yeah, they were all scared off from the Loki experience last week.
Tune in, it's a big show tonight. We got DDR Extreme USA Music for you all night long.
We've got my review of In The Groove. Yes, I actually got to play it, and so now I'm no longer talking out of my ass.
I know what I'm talking about with this show now, or with this game.
Can you tell us all how much it sucks?
Well, we'll see. Maybe I didn't think it sucks. We'll see. I don't know.
We also, of course, have our review of DDR Extreme coming up, and the Skype line will
be open, of course, all night long, and a whole lot of other Bomani news.
It's just been a busy week.
God, we might have to actually stay on topic tonight.
No.
You're right, but first we're going to do How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day when we
get back from this break, featuring licensed music from DDR Extreme USA, including what
I believe would be Jamie's favorite licensed song.
Ooh.
It's an old 80s song by a British lady. She's a little wild.
all right here it is enjoy it we'll be back
I search for the beat in this steady jail
Down town, the young ones are going
Down town, the young ones are going
We're the kids in America
We're the kids in America
Everybody live for the music around
Where the camp, where the camp, where the camp out of Africa
Where the camp, where the camp, where the camp out of Africa
Where the camp, where the camp, where the camp out of Africa
I'm Everybody, I'm going to the Angel United
I'm Everybody, I'm going to the Angel United
We're gonna downtown, oh yeah We're gonna downtown, oh yeah
We're gonna downtown, oh yeah We're gonna downtown, oh yeah
Don't-don't-don't, don't stop the beat I can-can-can-can control my feet
I've been pie-pie-pie-pi-pie-po-in the streets Come on, everybody!
And move your feet Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop the beat
Can't stop, can't stop the beat, I won't stop, won't stop the beat to go
I bet you find me, I'm gonna be angry tonight, oh
Let's be fine, from the end to the night, oh
Some little toy, some little toy, it's comin' gettin'
So little time, so little time
Here I come now
So little hope, so little hope
And I'm praying out for love
Yeah
I should never find the maze we chase
A nice little way
A thousand years, a thousand days
So manipulate
So manipulate in the dark
And I'm praying out for love
Love
Praying for love
Love, love, love
Simply be loved
Simply be loved, it's more than enough
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back with Orange Lounge Radio, and of course tonight, big news, lots of news
in the video game world this week. There was a game that came out that we have all finally
been looking forward to, and thusly, we're going to dedicate tonight's entire show to
this game. Hooray for Final Fantasy XI Chains of Promathia.
No bullshit! It's Sims 2! No way. I like both of those. I need the Sims 2. I need to kill
them in more original ways and better graphics. A certain former intern of ours has my copies
and claims to have lost them.
I'm downloading mine.
You know, the interesting thing about Sims 2,
somebody, one of my buddies out there,
and I'm not going to say who it is,
because I don't want to embarrass them,
but they were sending me pictures
that they took inside Sims 2 of them living out their fantasy
with another certain individual.
I just thought it was hilarious.
I think it's great that you can kind of just
a way into the imaginary world of Sims 2 where you can live out your sexual fantasies.
I am going to kill the Olsen twins in a pool. That's going to be awesome. I can't wait.
I want to build like the house of all pool so I can like take all the people I hate and
have them drown there.
Alright, Seegert's posting in the chat room that it was him so I can say it was Seegert.
Sigurd sent me all these pictures of him living out his fantasy.
Anyway, you can, uh, what's great is, I like saw a
data review on something awful dot com about it, and apparently there's like
three different cities you can star in. One's like completely medieval, and
there's like some other strange one, and some other things.
But what's cool though is you can make like three and four story tall
buildings and stuff in this. Can you push people off?
I don't know, but he had really, really creepy fuzzy chairs,
He kept all of the dead up in his, like, roof.
My question is if the Rosebud code still works.
Oh, from the old-ass SimCity?
Good question. I have a question. You know how they had, like, a Sims that came out a while ago?
It was, like, the Sims Herbs? Like, it was the urban version of the Sims?
It came out not that long ago. I want to know if you have drive-bys in that game. That would be awesome.
That would be awesome.
That's, uh, San Andreas.
different game they need Grand Theft Sims that's what we need and then yes I
but we do we do have to tip our hat Jamie doesn't have to tip her hat but
Matt and I have to tip our hats to Final Fantasy 11 Chains of Prometheus
because you know we've been waiting for that addict for a while have had the
game now for almost 48 hours or like least 24 hours and have not been to any
of the new areas that's the beautiful part we've had the game for a day and a
half and it's been installed and I have yet to see any differences except one new song.
Beautiful waste of $30. You know what, dear dear addicts? Yes? I'm still playing Ragnarok
Online for free! Zelda Online, they do have- I've looked at that and it looks dinky. It's
so cool! I could go play the Satellaview Zelda on my computer and I have to deal with people.
Whatever.
Anyway, we're getting off subject. We have to go back to our roots and we have to do
what this show is all about
in the beginnings of the first chapter.
No, not that. Not that yet.
But, uh...
Oh, oh, it's cool.
The Athens game. I know.
No, no. How was your week? How was your day?
The greatest game of all time.
Oh. Okay.
Jamie, how was your week? How was your day?
Last week.
Not this, like, very past, but the week before.
I was... Sorry, how was your two weeks? How was your day? I was a wreck.
Because the hurricane hit Mobile, Alabama.
Guess where I'm from?
Uh, I'll take Mobile for $200. Not from Kansas.
Anymore.
As if I ever was. Anyway, um...
Yeah, I was up that Wednesday night just watching the news.
Because they had a live feed from one of the local stations in Mobile. So I was
watching
the news until 3 a.m. Ooh!
And then the next day I didn't hear anything from my family so I was all a wreck and my
boss let me go home to get my phone list to call my uncle.
Turned out everyone's just fine.
He had a generator so he's like got power and everything and they're watching TV with
air conditioning and everyone else is like, we're hot.
You need to tell you not to open your windows and doors during a hurricane because it will
get the wind inside and blow out all the rest of your windows.
The pressure, yeah.
But luckily, when the North Eyewall was going to hit Mobile Bay, and they were expecting
it to surge all the water up through the bay and flood all of downtown, you know, hence
Water Street, but instead it sucked out all the water, so it kind of stunk there for a
little bit, but there wasn't any extraneous flooding.
It blew over a bunch of stuff, not down some trees, but there were no casualties in Mobile,
and there were no serious injuries reported.
However, tornadoes decided to drop down in the town I was born in, in Dothan, Alabama.
Dope.
Tore up a bunch of trailer parks.
And nearly hit my granny's house.
Ugh.
If this all dealt like a block from our house.
But it missed her?
It missed her.
That's good.
You're the hit movie gallery.
You're the hit movie gallery.
Their headquarters happens to be in Dothan, Alabama, and I fuckin' hate them.
Dude, I used to go to, like, one of the movie galleries out there that were, like, the crappiest place in the world.
They are the crappiest place. They buy out mom and pop stores, they replace all the employees with retards, and then they just, like, run the business.
So, so, you're missing movies, right?
Yeah, well, we've only checked the first box so far.
Well, why don't you check the second box? Maybe that's where your movies are.
Oh, yeah.
On a serious note before Jamie gets back to her, uh, story, just, you know, we hope that, uh, all you guys are safe from, uh, Ivan, and we hope, uh, everything's alright with you guys, our thoughts are with you guys.
And if you're in Florida right now, run! Run away! There's a hurricane coming! Pick up your Playstation and run!
No, seriously, we hope everything's alright with you guys.
This has just been sort of, I mean, it hasn't ever happened like this before.
Unless your last name is Bush, then by all means, stay.
Okay. You know what? At this point, though, after having a whole week filled with listening, with, you know, seeing the debates between those two particular presidential candidates, and by the way, people, more than two people are running for the presidency! Hello! There are other parties to choose from.
That'll never...
That's because people are so stupid.
For years and years, I know.
It's more like jogging, or brisk walking.
What?
It's like Coke and Pepsi. You can drink other sodas. Hello. Shasta and Fanta and Bosco.
Those are good. You could drink root beer. You don't have to drink Sprite or Coke.
But anyway, yeah. So, uh, I've just decided that neither candidate is worth my precious vote,
so I want them both to burn in hell. I'm voting for Billie Cat. Oh hell yeah, I'm voting for
bill the cat although something that was in I've actually put a link up in my
live journal a couple days ago apparently there's a couple other
candidates but I'll mention that later that I would be considered voting for
all right I might vote for the gay penguin but now I'm uh I'm voting for
bill the cat in Opus radical metal party like I always do because there's never
been anybody worth voting for I have to remember to turn in my registration form
I have to mail it back. I know, shame on me, because I've moved. So, anyway.
I otherwise went to school, yay. Did homework, yay. We got slow at work, finally.
So I've been writing fanfiction at work.
Productive.
Because I'm bored. I don't know, I've been doing other stuff too.
And today Dan and I had a very interesting conversation about that supposed draft coming up for vote.
about, first of all, I don't think that anyone needs to worry about it
because how many years have they tried to bring it back and not enacted it?
But even so, I mean, where it's not good for the, you know,
the forward-thinking, you know, general
middle-class people. It would be a really good thing though for
you know, for all of the people who are out there
like, you know, welfare kids and
People who don't apply themselves and all those people who are you know?
26 years old living with mom and dad off of their money and not you know taking you know
Responsibility for their own lives be a good thing. You know what's nice though is that
Since as a gay male. I won't be drafted because I'm not allowed in the military so you know sorry
Not to go in the military
There's gonna be I I'm just saying they do bring back the draft
there's gonna be a it's it's gonna be the new fad instead of moving to Canada
everybody's gonna start sucking dick I mean that's gonna be like there's gonna
be this big huge inconsistency that's gonna have to be addressed at some point
I don't think it's gonna be overall it's gonna be good for a good for the
military itself you know to have a bunch of people there who they're not gonna
have time and resources to train properly and who aren't gonna really
want to be there yeah but on the other hand you know for especially for larger
cities that are dealing with, you know, high crime, you know, high, uh, well, I'm
trying to, I right now just lost the word I was thinking of, but overall, I think
that it would be, it could improve things on a social scale, but there's so many
drawbacks to it. Otherwise, I don't know that I'd be able to support anything
like it, but my fiance is all for it. So I told them they should have made it 30
so I could go. I'd freaking volunteer I don't care except you know we've got
that little issue with me and him right now about it so I'm working on it.
We'll see what happens. I'm working on it. Anything else you wanna share? No except
Dark Knight's pretty damn funny. All right yes if you want to join our chat
room and see the hilarity that always ensues in there www.orangelaunceradio.com
click on chat and stop by our website it's it's beautiful and perky all right
Loki Loki how is your site perky because orange is a perky color I don't know
Loki how was your week how was your day my week was good up till about Friday
that's what my toe got cut into by the doctor to fix my ingrown toenail the
evil doctor no he was an evil doctor really took a couple minutes there it's
like a bitch he wasn't even moderately evil maybe he talked about what was he
he was rambling on about something of like mad cow disease buzz and deer so
I guess mad deer disease I don't know what the hell anyway this is something
like something to keep me focused on something other than you know them
poking my foot with needles out anyway and yeah so that hurts I've been
hobbling around for days and I just today I ripped the bandage off because
I'm supposed to. Apparently I forgot a process of the bandage ripping off where
I'm supposed to suck my toe in cold water and a little bit of hydrogen
peroxide to loosen the the impacted bandages in there. Well I forgot about
that so I just kind of pulled and with the pulling came the yanking and then
came the bleeding and that came the hurting so that really stuck and so then
there's that and then earlier this week I got DDR extreme I did a show people
got bored so I stopped the show and then I did a show last Sunday and people got
bored and we did a segment called crank call orange on his radio and I hung up
on someone and that was funny and then what else oh yeah and then let's see you
got changed to Promethea, didn't really do anything, leveled some characters, and played
a lot of Final Fantasy because I couldn't really go out and be active. Oh, and got a
book about my device. The, um, Skoal Experiment is what the book is called, and read it, and
apparently my device may be a little bit harder to get working than I thought, but that's
it's okay. I can still do it. And that's it. Oh, and I broke the lamp on Wednesday. That
was funny. Alright. Angel, how was your week? How was your day? Pretty good. Worked a lot
and, you know, did what I was supposed to do. Went to school. School was okay. School
was well school and I actually got some good news from my folks actually I
called them on oh was it Monday or Tuesday I think and I had asked them if
they had gotten hold of my brother and my sister-in-law and the baby and
everything and well it turns out they're okay so that was like a pressure off my
shoulders that you wouldn't believe except for you Jamie because you know
your family and everything so yeah that was just I was just so thankful that you
know the kid was okay and their family is okay and yeah so that was that was
just the highlight of the week pretty much oh yeah and extreme and Andrews
command mission oh boy Megaman more Megaman yay oh wait if he was listening
oh wait he's not listening haha I'm safe see I wanted to see you know I was
I was waiting for, you know, a goddamn title match between Mike Tyson versus, you know, Hurricane Ivan, because I think that would be really sweet, and they could totally set that kind of stuff up. So, you know, and Tyson's not doing anything. He's just being bankrupt. So, they could do it.
Yeah, and, um, I'm probably going to get Final Fantasy XI this week, I guess, and become the, um, I don't know, I'll probably be sucked up into it and stuff, maybe, or I'll just go back to there, or Agnarok, or, God, I could just go anywhere, couldn't I? Oh, well, whatever. Anyway, if anybody wants to know about there, go to there.com. Yeah, okay, that's my little spiel, goodbye.
Thank you. Bradley, do you have a mic over there? Oh, goodie. Bradley, how was your week? How was your day?
Yes, I do. Alright, this week was work, of course. Wednesday, I came over here and did the... played some DDR USA Extreme, or whatever it's called. Extreme USA. I wasn't particularly impressed, but it was alright.
Then, actually I think that was the first time I played DDR in months.
Let's see, then Saturday didn't do very much.
Got the thing about the initiatives for the state ballot in November,
and got to see the two that I did the Tim job with,
because one of my Tim jobs during November, I'm November,
April, March and April was basically checking petitions for the stem cell one and the lawsuit
one.
Let's see.
Oh, there's what I was working on, which was interesting.
And then Thursday or Friday, I had a bunch of old, like, Best Buy gifts to get someone
and got the Aqua Teen Hunger Forest DVD's and watched that most of the time.
Cool.
Those are fun.
So they did very much and came here and that's all.
Alright.
My week and my day, actually my past two weeks because I wasn't here on Sunday because I
was on a business trip.
I was in the lovely town of Allentown, Pennsylvania which is about an hour north of Philly, about
an hour west of Jersey.
You know, just kinda did my thing there.
I didn't get to play a whole lot of DDR,
I was actually thinking I was
gonna get to go out and play more DDR,
but I was still working a lot this time around,
and it was kinda one of those things
where when I was done working at the end of the day
I didn't really wanna go out,
I just wanted to go back to my hotel
and watch TV and sleep so I didn't really do a whole lot.
But I did go out one night to a little mall
out there in the area, which did have a DDR machine.
I was actually going to Walden Books there in the mall
cause I wanted to pick up some books.
But they happen to have a DDR machine and you know me,
I can't pass it up.
this actually was a Namco arcade I believe because they had pac-man stuff
all over I can't remember the name at time something I don't know what the
hell it was called but it was some Namco arcade there in the mall and I played a
game of DDR some pretty decent some pretty decent players were there you
know which is always exciting to see in a new area and I did really good on my
first set like a double-eight every song on my first set which for me who doesn't
doesn't play a whole lot anymore, is still like really good. And it even impressed this
one girl and she just started randomly talking to me and she's like, are you freaked out
by strangers talking to you? I'm like, not really, huh? I'm kind of lonely and sad because
I'm by myself in a strange town. But she talked to me a little bit and that was cool. And
I didn't plug the show though, I didn't want to, oh you shouldn't listen to my radio show.
But I didn't, I know, bad me. But then, okay, but then maybe I was just being an egotist
or something but I was looking at the scoreboards on the machine and the pop
for difficult scores were kind of eh like I was like I could get that you
know like and so I really wanted to do it and not I'm usually not a scoreboard
whore but how cool would it have been to have my name on a machine like thousands
of miles away right so I had to do it so I put my coins in I started to do it and
then the fucking pad like wouldn't work like it was just totally not registering
like half my steps I fucking failed on what irresistible month like standard I
I failed that. Oh well. What can you do? So much for that, trying to get my name on the
scoreboard at the Lehigh Valley Mall, but whatever. It's alright, it's alright, it's
just, you know, let that guy have it. It's cool. And over the weekend I actually got
to take a little bit of a tour of the East Coast a little more. My friend came and picked
me up and we drove through New York City a little bit. I didn't really stop to play DDR
were until we were on the way back and I knew that there was an in the groove machine in
Jersey and I thought well you know we talk about it a lot on the show and we've said
a lot of judgments about it but none of us have actually played it so I'm like I better
go play it so therefore I can give a fair review of the game and actually say well I've
played it so that you know you can't say I'm just talking to my ass so I will tell you
what I thought about that a little later but it was at this place called Eight on the Break
That was it, which I actually for some reason by the sound of it made me think it was like
some kind of boardwalk place.
I have no idea why I thought that because it's not even near an ocean at all.
It was interesting because there was this street fair going on the day we went, and
it was so random because the girl I was with, my friend Amanda and I, had no idea where
we were going.
We were just walking around trying to find this place, and suddenly here I am thousands
of miles away on a Sunday in the middle of some street fair in little town America.
this is really odd surreal for me but then we found a place we went in and I
was actually surprised there was quite a lot of Bemani at this place not only had
in the groove but they had a 2DX machine and a Para Para machine and DDR and just
a lot of stuff so I was pretty impressed I was kind of surprised they had all
that granted not all the machines were in tip-top shape but you know hey it uh
it actually ran on quarters which always impresses me because I don't like tokens
much because I always leave with extra tokens and the machines actually took
quarters so that was good and seemed to be some okay crowds I didn't really talk
to too many people I was kind of just a loner and but that's alright I wasn't
there to make a make a show so I just kind of went in played a few games and
left and that was my weekend pretty much and I've just kind of spent my time here
since I got back home just trying to catch up because when you leave town for
two weeks it's really hard to catch up so I have to go back to work tomorrow
Anyway, that's pretty much it for me for How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, so anything else anybody wants to add?
I watched Rad today, and might I add, I only remembered one scene of that movie, and that's what got me the bite, is where the guy was riding on the fence.
And I actually watched the movie today and that was for like half a second, but for some reason in my mind that stood out, that and the backflip and the hell race, but my god that movie is so cheesy and awesome and just, it's awesome.
It's just pure 80's goodness and I watched the whole thing. It made me happy.
Go ahead.
last saw that movie and huh yes I would like to I last saw that in Albany
Georgia when I was a 10 I think that's the last time I've seen a movie and it's
very scary that I remember where I was yeah what I need to see monster squad
too but now I was in my I was at my my uncle Wayne's house with my cousins and
we were watching this movie and then it was over and we watched it again cuz at
the time that was like our favorite movie and my cousin had one of those
stunt bikes and was in this backyard trying to do all the stunts and
everything it was kind of kind of cool I got asked a question in the chat room
www.orangeandre.com click on Chad said wanted to know how Jay and silent Bob
secret stash was because I completely forgot to mention that was one other
thing we did while we were in Jersey's we went to Red Bank New Jersey to go to
to Jay and Silent Bob Secret Stash which was very cool it was just you know your
typical kind of comic book store but it had a lot of memorabilia from the movies
which I thought was really cool I actually bought Loki's birthday present
there I bought him a comic book called Loki from the store and I got him a
shirt and the shirt says shit on it so that's kind of cool and then I picked up
some stickers and stuff too like I got Jamie a bear is driving sticker so
that's cool and I picked myself up a sticker and I got a poster a brand new
poster which we're gonna hang up at some point tonight. It'll be on the wall that
you can see on the camera. I got a new poster from Jay and Silent Bob Secret Stash
and it's the one where Jay and Silent Bob has a whole little monologue on it
where Jay and Silent Bob are talking on the Ain't It Cool News
style site and they're talking about the movie they say you are the ones who are
the ball lickers. I have the posters that's cool. So it was good times. It was
kind of a fun little place to go so hooray um oh and Jason says I'm a mean
man because on the errors at the Phoenix Airport on the way home I actually
stopped and got to see Jason our webmaster for like 10 minutes because I
had a layover in Phoenix for like 30 minutes or so so I got to say hi to our
webmaster and that was very nice of him to come out and see me on his break from
work so thank you Jason and your airport rocks the Phoenix Airport
It's the best place to have a layover.
Oh, good. Thank you.
The shirt was on the webcam a couple of pictures ago.
Thank you.
All right. Okay.
I guess we're going to go to a break and then we're going to come back and we want to definitely talk about DDR Extreme.
A whole lot we want to say about that.
We'll get your thoughts too.
On the Skype line, if you want to know how the Skype line works, you can actually talk to us.
Just like a phone call, but free.
www.orangelauntrader.com.
Click on interact with us and all the information is there.
Rob.
Yes.
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
What?!
Um, I don't know, some other shit happened. It was, yeah. I know we played the Mary-Kate
and Ashley Olsen CD and that was sad. Okay, there's your summary of episode 112. Anyway,
also we definitely want to talk about this, the Akira Yomoka contest. We have an announcement
we want to make about the Akira Yomoka contest and we'll do that when we get back from this
break. And for those of you that haven't heard yet, we're giving away two signed Akira Yomoka
CDs awesome and we have the details when we come back from this break in this
break Konami original music that's brand new in DDR EX USA we're going to start
it off with Maximizer a lot of guys haven't even heard that yet I don't
think so we're gonna play that for you guys funk boogie we'll get in there too
and of course you're not here because Jamie insists that I play you're not
here Jamie demands it so here it is Maximizer on orange launch radio enjoy
We'll be back
So dance, while I put you in a trance We can get it started, yeah
Sensation, feel the vibration Action, fun
I say hey, hey, hey What you got to say, what you got to say
I said 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
this song is,
It would be a much better fight, with you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
With you, with me, if you hadn't met me
I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supplies fell through
And they gave me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel joy and made you smile
But now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who has time for tears?
Never thought I'd sit around and unravel your love
Love
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon
Noooo!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani Radio
So, we are back, not only crap-free Bamani Radio, but playing probably the only internet radio station on the planet to be playing Maximizer and all that fun stuff at this time.
So, hope you enjoyed that, and it looks like some of you guys maybe missed that, so we'll have to play that after the show is over, definitely for you guys.
So, of course, Maximizer being from DDR Extreme USA, which was the big news this week, some
very interesting opinions on that game, just kind of all across the spectrum.
People love it, people hate it.
We'll open it up for some of your opinions as well, but first, what we think of DDR Extreme
USA.
So, I know some of us have played it a lot, some of us have barely seen it at all, but
kind of, what did you guys think of it?
I'll start off with Loki, he had the most exposure to the game, I'm kind of curious,
What did you think of it, Logie?
revolution cover songs bazaar love triangle that was the only one i liked the rest sucked
the singing was just awful and just crap and the steps weren't eh they're okay the news
is the konami originals funk boogie pretty cool maximizer not exactly what i was imagining but
eh it's okay it's it's like i don't know how to describe it it's annoying but addicting or like
you know I don't know it's just I hate that type of music but it's a pretty
cool song or something and then you know the two transplants I your rage I are
you raining the rage mix I don't like that song anymore it's just annoying and
then and you're not here that's a pretty cool song the steps so suck they're all
up it's just all up and then now the best thing going for it and I really
don't understand why i didn't have this um to start off with why the fuck do you have to unlock
mission mode my god it was the coolest part of the game and you have to unlock it like after a very
long time that you finally get mission mode and that was really stupid because that's the best
part of the game right there then okay let's talk about the itoy the itoy games are eh they're okay
the things that i don't like okay the hands and feet mode actually if you have a well-lit room
It works pretty well. The problem is, it's not hard. It's just stupid. It's easy and stupid.
And, what they really could have used in this game is edit mode, and where you can make your own hands and feet steps.
That would fucking rock. Because you can do some crazy shit there, and it'd be a lot more fun.
Um, then the other thing, um, some of the other games, like the Coconut Panic, that was kind of dumb. Amusing, but dumb.
the ping pong thing the magic ball or whatever completely stupid I spent five
minutes trying to get the fucking ball they hit one stupid block on the screen
and because the eye toy is way too fucking sensitive you move your hand and
like bounces back and forth like six times mid-motion and so I was trying to
fucking get the stupid thing to bounce into the wall and it just would not do
it and it frustrated the hell out of me it was just stupid and the other modes
that they've got I didn't really play any of the non itoy party modes but
they're they're okay from what I've seen they're just kind of I think it'd be
more fun if you're drunk and other than that mission mode I had a lot going for
it there's a lot of good stuff in mission mode I wish it was longer I wish
some of these songs they had some newer songs the character unlocks I really
don't care anymore it's just kind of stupid that's pretty much it you know it
It was okay. It's, I don't know. Mission mode will be the only thing that keeps my attention with this game. That's the only thing. Mission mode. Because it's actually the only thing that's challenging this game. That's it.
Okay, I'm gonna give you my thoughts. I like the game a lot. I like the game so much. It's
probably my favorite home release. It's up there with UltraMix. I'd say this and UltraMix
are kind of like my two favorite home mixes right now. Honestly, I think it's very cool.
I really like some of the new stuff they put in it. I think there's two big mistakes here
though that they made, and this is really... I have to get this off my chest. Everybody's
saying this is a this is a seriously it's a game crippling mistake that they
made with the game and that was the removal of the dance play setting where
you can't turn off the buttons on the pads I don't know how that got
overs associated but I know mistakes happen or whatever but that is seriously
like that is a game crippling option that is missing they they forgot to have
the dance play setting in there which allows you to turn off the buttons on
on the pad. Yeah, I know, that was the same reaction I had. I was kinda like,
wow. And considering that
the whole thing is based on, you know, trying to get up there and dance and move,
I realize for a lot of beginner people, they're probably not gonna have that
problem. No, no, you know what? No, I take that back, because I was having some friends
play it last night,
some beginner friends, and they would try to be picking a song, and they'd be stepping on
my pad, which is an,
you know, it's a $100 red octane ignition pad, and they're fuckin'
back it out because they're stepping on the wrong steps on the bottom. They're trying
to step off the arrows. And, I just, it was, it's just a horrible oversight. I mean, seriously,
I know this sounds insane, but they should fucking recall the game and give us new copies.
Like, that's how bad of a mistake I seriously think this is. Okay, in the bright side, well,
okay, no, let's keep raining down the bad stuff. What else bad did I want to say about
I also do not like the fact that they unlock old songs.
I really just hate the repeat songs and you shouldn't unlock old stuff.
I think that's really bothersome, but...
It would be cool, like, if say, they had an included dropout in every fucking game since
in the U.S. mixes, pretty much.
If they had, like, I don't know, like a song like, say for instance, I'm in DDR 10th Mix
or whatever it is, and look, there's a song from 1st Mix.
Wow, I haven't played that since First Mix. That was a long time ago.
That's pretty cool that they're unlocking old stuff for me to play.
That's the only situation where that'd be good. Not,
Oh, look at that! That was just in that other game I bought!
Yay! No. Sorry.
Anyway, here's the other mistake I think they made, and this may be kind of, um,
this may be kind of, uh, a little bit controversial, I don't know.
But I think the other mistake that they made with this game was calling it DDR Extreme.
Because I seriously think that's why you've got so many people that have their expectations on one level.
When the product that Konami was trying to deliver was something really different and downright innovative, I think.
You know, the fact that there was all these itoi features, and I for one think the itoi features are really cool.
I think the party mode thing, that's exactly where it fits.
I mean, this is the kind of... it's just like Loki said, you know, this kind of stuff is probably only fun if you're drunk.
He's right. This is the kind of thing that you get everybody to come over for,
and you have some drinks, and you're playing TDR, and you look like idiots, but it's really, really fun.
Like, that's kind of what we were doing last night a little bit.
We were playing a little bit of Hands and Feet, beginner stuff, getting some friends into it, and it was fun.
I mean, that's what it's all about.
Those modes weren't for hardcore players to be challenged, I don't think.
They're just stupid fun stuff, and I think it succeeded, and I really like the IToy stuff.
I don't have a problem with it at all. I kind of hope they keep it going.
I would like to see hands and feet mode get a little more challenging in the next mid.
I think that's something they could expand on.
Another thing that they didn't include that really needs to be included,
sensitivity settings and adjustments for the iToy.
How the fuck, if I'm in a dim room, I can't set it to dim room mode,
you know, like you can with iToy Play or iToy Groove,
they don't have any options to set the iToy stuff,
so you can't calibrate it to make it look nice.
So you're fucked if you're in a dark room.
You can't, you know, set it to be more sensitive.
or non-sensitive. If it's too sensitive, then you're fucked. So, that's the other thing
that really sucked.
I think they should have just, honestly, knowing what we know now about the next Japanese release
and seeing as pretty much Konami of Japan made most of this release anyway. You can't
really blame the U.S. for what's going on on this release. The dance play setting thing,
I'm almost positive is Konami of Japan's fault. We all know the story, we all know the story
about the Marvelous Thing and how that was fought by Konami of America to Konami of Japan,
and Konami of Japan said, no, they're not changing the Marvelous Thing. And I'll bet,
I would bet money, the exact same thing happened with the Dance Play setting. Shame on you,
Konami of Japan, for being lazy with that. You really upset a lot of us with that, so,
you know, shame on you for that. There's no way I really want to purchase DDR Festival
knowing that, and especially because, you know, well, we'll talk about it later, but
Festival doesn't really have that great a song list so far. But if that Dance Play setting
isn't going to be in Festival, there's no reason I need to buy it, honestly, there's
zero. But, the, I guess really knowing what we know now about DDR Festival, the next Japanese
release, they probably should have just called this mix DDR Festival, the US one, they should
have just called this mix DDR Festival, and then people wouldn't have gone in with all
these expectations like, oh, Cartoon Heroes has to be in it, and Sakura has to be in it,
no no no no no. Because honestly, Konami was doing something different with this mix, and
And I think it was cool.
I for one like the new interface.
A lot.
And it's not the circle thing that was bugging everybody that people were
talking about, like, oh, it looks like third mix and stuff.
That's not what I'm talking about, really.
That's just one part of it.
But really, the rest of the music ends the game.
And the way it looks in-game when you're actually playing the game is amazing.
It's way better than like any other DDR game.
It looks in-game.
It takes everything that's great about fourth mix, everything that's great about
Max, the 60 frames per second and stuff, and combines it. I think the interface is the
best one they've had yet. With the ONI battery bar and everything, looks great. So what?
The wheel looks a little different. It doesn't really bother me at all.
I like the wheel better than...
You see it for like two seconds.
I like the wheel better than the other way, because you... I don't know, it just... Having
started with second mix, I think that it makes me think a lot more of the older ones, so
I like it better.
So...
Little records, though.
Yeah, the little records would have been cool, but you know, I I don't I don't really care I'd the interface really doesn't bother me
It's not something that like ruin the game for me. It didn't really faze me at all
I kind of thought oh that's different, but I can see where people who have been kind of
Stuck on DDR extreme for several years now
Who have really badly because I can't afford a Japanese PlayStation to have wanted something like that for a console for a long time or a little
bit
disappointed but
I have
I know, I know, I know. Honestly, from that standpoint, if Konami knows damn well there's
not going to be any new arcade mixes, which, from Konami of Japan, it doesn't sound like
they're ever planning on really doing one, it would have not been smart to release just
a port of DER Extreme, because then why would you go to the arcades? So, I think them making
it a lot different was probably smart on their end in the end, because you'll still go to
arcades to play Sakura and all that stuff so I don't know just kind of my
thought supposed to be over here I know but come on come on they know damn well
it's here they know damn well extreme is here I think haven't we have this talk
on the show with somebody from Konami here and and they said that you know
they know it's just one of those things where it's like it's and I always said
this they've nobody has confirmed this but this has always been my opinion on
this is that it has to do with the music licensing and that it's way easier to
get the music license in Japan so if they put that disclaimer on there that
says don't use this outside Japan and then oh well gee imagine that the
machines ended up in the u.s. gee fancy that how did that happen you know they
don't have to you know go and get sued by the record companies because well
they have the disclaimer on there it's the arcade owners fault the games in
there when it's not supposed to be but at the same time you know they got all
great music for DDR and you know I don't know that's just my thought would you I
know you didn't get to play it a whole lot Jamie but what'd you think of
extreme just kind of looking at it it's okay I like the non-stop music when
you're picking the non-stop that music was just pretty cool yeah the mini music
was really good I like the new mods that they're doing in this mission mode those
are really cool and also Aaron Japan's gonna hack those out and put those in
the normal game. But feeding time? Feeding time scared me. So stupid. Angel, I know you
got to play a lot of Xtreme this week, what were your thoughts? I'm going to open up the
Skype line soon for your thoughts, but I want to get everybody in the studio first. Well,
I didn't get to play too much of it, considering I had just gotten it, what day was it, really,
Anyway, um, the thing that kinda got me down was, um, Unlocking Your Rain, like, the second
song I played, I'm like, no!
I wish that it was, you know, like, the last song, just cause, like, that was the song
I was really looking forward to, but actually...
Isn't Your Rain in there by default?
Did you just miss it the first game, maybe?
I thought it was in there by default.
I might have, um, but, I don't know.
I don't know.
I just...
oh okay well anyway yeah that was kind of a downer I know there's other stuff
that I probably have yet to unlock like the BT song and the oh whatever all the
other songs that we've been playing today but you know what that's just for
the week to come and how many games how many games will it take before you make
Make more steps for Max 2 Oni songs, or the Max 1 Oni songs, whatever song, you know,
Max 2 Oni songs, come on now, I mean Zagaru Apple Mix has been out forever now, make some
new fucking steps, it doesn't take that long, seriously, just make new steps, complete them,
they did it in the UK, you know, with B4U before the beat mix in um, history of 2001,
They did it there, because they like to be complete.
But no!
You know, we just have to be lazy!
We're only going to have challenge steps, because we don't want to make new steps.
Yeah.
So get off your ass and make new steps.
Anyway, I think this mix will hold me over just fine until Ultra Mix 2 comes out.
But you know what, seriously, the bar of expectations is just so high with Ultra Mix 2 right now
with everything I've heard about it, it's just kind of like, I'm almost going to feel
feel bad when it comes out because it's probably not going to... I don't know, I don't know.
I mean, my bar is so high for Ultramix 2 that that is really the one I'm waiting for at
this point. I mean, Extreme's cool and all though, don't get me wrong. I do recommend
if you are a DDR fan and you have a PlayStation 2, you should have this game. You should have
this game. If you have a Japanese PlayStation 2, then I guess you have a choice. But if
you have a US one, then you really should just get this game. I mean, it's DDR and it's
good.
Oh. Yeah. Anyway. Okay. I don't know. I'll play more this week. And, you know, unlock more crap. And maybe I'll like it more. But right now, as soon as I saw you ran, I was like, no! Big disappointment for me, but I'll keep playing. Shane, don't hit me, please!
Bradley, you're a DDR fan. You mentioned at the beginning of the show you were a little bit disappointed with the mix. Just kind of curious on your thoughts.
Well, based on what I saw, I wasn't that impressed with it. It wasn't bad. It was just, meh. It didn't make me excited or anything.
But, I probably wouldn't, if I got to see Master Mode, or whatever that is called.
Because we didn't unlock that while I was here.
Oh, the Maximizer?
No, not Maximizer, the Master Mode.
Oh, Mission Mode, yeah.
It says I like to do those kind of weird things, and owning modes and things like that.
It says it's straight up BDR when I play it at home mixes.
You know, that kind of remind-
So I don't have them anymore.
That reminded me of something, is a lot of people were really upset because there were no, like, 10-foot steps for Maximizer,
because supposedly Maximizer is supposed to be this new Ma-
Well, okay, whatever, they have the Mission Mode thing, but you know what I'm talking about.
Like, they don't have, like, steps in-game.
I'm kinda like big deal because for me honestly I don't get
the desire to have like all these insane 10-footers on home because
how in the hell are you going to pass that stuff on a home pad? I mean I realize people do it
but for, and I'm one of them, I've been playing DDR for years and there's no way in hell I'd be
passing half those 10-footers on a
on a home pad. It's like you just can't do it. It's not the same as the arcade. I mean
granted you may have a metal stage or whatever
but if that's the case you are in the minority. Let's face it, you are not
the majority of, you know, the people that are gonna be picking up DDR, you are the minority,
and if, you know, Konami's gonna cater to you, you're, like, extra special if you get
your 10-footer, so,
you know, whatever. I just, I just don't see the point in bitching about there not being
a lot of new 10-footers, because,
especially with the dance play setting not being fucked up.
How in, now how are you gonna pass 10-footers? Now the dance play setting's there, it's like, ugh.
Unless you're playing Button Button Revolution, but that's not what DDR's supposed to be for.
Then they wouldn't be getting their weight loss news stories and stuff. Anyway, I'm done. I'm done
Anything else anybody? Okay
I'm sorry. Let's go to a break and then I'm gonna open up the skype line and we'll get your thoughts and
Speaking of DDR in the news. We want to get to that story because DDR was in the news again this week
So, of course, you know, we got to mention that this break
We're gonna do some of those karaoke revolution songs because there's surprisingly some decent ones
I will not be playing waiting for tonight though because I fucking hate that one
But we will play bizarre love triangle and some other stuff enjoy
We'll be back and with the skype line open up your thoughts on DDR extreme, and if you want to
to argue with us on some point? Go for it!
Every time I see you fallin', I keep your love, my only friend
I'm waiting for that final moment to say the words that I can't say
Every time I see you for a long time Get down on my knees and cry
I'm ready to go, I'll find you now I'm ready to go
And I'm feeling like, oh yes, the blade is in life
Oh, what a night
Oh, yes, the blade is in life
And I'm feeling like, oh yes, the blade is in life
Oh, what a night
Oh, baby
Oh, baby
Mmm, it's a fistful pain in my mouth
Oh, you destroy me, yeah
Yeah, stay with me, my, my
Oh yes it's early in the night, and you're feeling light
Oh yes it's early in the night, and you're feeling light
No matter how hard I try, you keep pushing me inside and I can't break through.
There's no talking to you, it's so sad that you're leaving.
It takes time to believe it
But after all is said and done
You're gonna be the lonely one, whoa
Do you believe in life after all?
I can feel your blood inside your face
I really don't take it from you, no, no
I need a life I can talk
If I can feel the pain, if I can say
When you really don't think, I won't even know
We're back.
I forgot to even talk about the Karaoke Revolution songs in DDRXtreme, but playing those kind
of reminded me of some of the reactions from the chatroom.
Karaoke Revolution is honest, I thought I was going to love it.
It was going to be a great idea.
But to be honest, I'm not a big fan of any of the Karaoke Revolution
transplants.
I mean, maybe a couple are OK.
But at the same time, it's kind of like I kind of applaud
Konami for trying that.
Because it was a pretty clever idea
to get some big dance songs in DDR
without having to pay such a high license
fee is to put in the covers.
It's just that the covers aren't that hot.
But, I think it's a neat idea, and, you know, maybe they'll do it better next time. I don't know, but, I can't say I'm a huge fan of any of those songs, but that's me personally. I'm not really a huge fan of any of those.
I really love that the original songs were good too.
You don't think the original Bizarre Love Triangle is good?
The original, no, the original Bizarre Love Triangle was excellent. I'm talking about the Cher song.
Oh, okay.
Woman's career was over a long time ago.
Gotcha. Alright.
alright
uh... i i've got
i've got to bring up the uh...
i'm glad the uh... mike phone didn't pick that up
i've not even been done
here
i said why can't she ski into a tree she had skied into the tree she would have
bounced off a mobile plastic interface anyway
on a different note i want to talk about the uh... i carry a mocha cd contest
Because you know we're going to be giving away autographed CDs by Kiryamoka.
It is the Silent Hill mini CDs, a mini CD soundtrack from Silent Hill 4.
We're giving those away.
The contest was supposed to start tomorrow, however we did make an executive decision
to push that back by one week because we want to let the hype build up.
Unfortunately because I was out last week and Jamie was really busy last week, we kind
of didn't get a chance to really finalize the rules and everything we wanted to do.
We will post those rules after the show tonight at some point.
Probably check for it tomorrow on our website, orangeandredo.com.
We will be starting the contest next Monday.
You're going to have to listen Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday night.
If you can't listen, get your friend to listen because we've got to be giving out some trivia
questions that you're going to have to answer to correctly be put in the drawing to win
one of those CDs.
You don't want to miss it, so we're going to be starting that next Monday.
And of course, a big thank you to one of our partner sites, ddrspot.com, for helping us
out with this contest.
And they're going to be giving away some CDs too.
So if you don't win with us, go try and win with them, because they're going to be doing
their own contest.
I don't know what they're doing yet, though.
They haven't even clued me in, but that's all right.
So definitely check them out.
And they're going to be relaunching their site.
I don't want to give too much away, though.
I think I already said too much.
All right.
As promised, let's open up the Skype line and see what your thoughts are on DDR Extreme USA.
Of course, I've got to wait because there's the delay, so I probably should open it up a little sooner, but that's alright.
I'm trying to think of other things about the mix that I wanted to bring up.
Things about DDR Extreme USA while the Skype line is opening up.
www.orensontradio.com, click on interact with us if you want the information.
If you don't get through the first time, try again in a little bit.
But we do have a call. Let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, this is Al Mullet again.
Hello, Mr. Mullet. How are you doing?
Pretty good, Sky. How about yourself?
I'm doing great. I feel refreshed after a little vacation last week.
It's good to get away once in a while.
All right. What are your thoughts, buddy, on DDR Extreme USA?
Oh, DDR Extreme. So many complaints. So many complaints.
I still haven't played the game where all these complaints are directed towards, because I played a very decent game.
So you must have been playing some completely different game than everybody else, huh?
Pretty much. I mean, I fully enjoyed the song list. I mean, there are a few that I didn't like, but I mean, out of 70 songs, you're going to have a few that you don't like.
I agree, I agree. There's gonna be that let them move, or in the case of DDR Max 2, Forever Sunshine. Sorry, Seagrid.
Oh, please. Forever Sunshine was good.
Oh, please yourself. Alright, alright. To each his own. Whatever.
To each their own. Agree to disagree.
But, um, what would you say, since the complaints are kinda bugging you, it sounds like, what would you say is the number one complaint that you're just like, shut up.
That's just these one-line complaints saying, oh my god, I hate this game, go get Japanese
Extreme.
What's the point?
So basically people saying this mix isn't Japanese enough?
It's not Japanese enough.
I'm not even Japanese enough.
Ironic, considering this game was pretty much made by Konami of Japan, we've pretty much
found out.
If you don't think it's Japanese enough, just play the stupid feeding frenzy mode.
Seriously, that is very Japanese.
Or just frickin' play DDR Festival, because, as you may have heard, the DDR Festival song list came out this week.
Don't get me started on Festival, dude. We got...
We'll read the song list to you guys later, but so far, it sounds like it's kind of a chance for the Japanese to catch up on everything they've been missing here.
Really, is what it is.
If you own the last four American mixes, you own DDR Festival.
Pretty much. I mean, of course, we don't know. Now, there could be something unlocked, or there might be some cool features they haven't talked about yet, but...
I'm betting on 22 Donk. I'm betting on 22 Donk.
Assumably, it's all the same.
It's gonna be totally like Max 1, the Japanese one, with the whole two unlocks.
Whoo! Two unlocks! Oh my God! There's gotta be more, right?
If I play like 500 times, there'll be more? Nope.
Or was that Max 2 with three unlocks? Oh my God, will there be four?
Oh wait, no, it was Party Collection.
I'm gonna guess that there's gonna be five unlocks in this next game.
Five unlocks. Brand new.
So noted. What was your favorite thing about Extreme USA, Mr. Mullet?
My favorite thing? Easily the mission mode.
I mean, I didn't think there was gonna be that many missions
and I didn't get a chance to play the game until Thursday
so I had to wade through about a billion complaints on the freak forums.
But as soon as I heard someone say something about Mission 75
hold on back at the car 75 yeah I know and there's a lot of missions there I
think even here in studio we're only through like mission 53 we've just
haven't had enough time to play through all the missions have you checked out
mission 38 yet that was the one with absolute it was absolute and it was all
these different speeds oh that was fun but then again wait till you get there's
one in the second half with Firefly heavy same deal oh geez speeds up slows
down and apparently near the very end like 98 or 99 there's the official
fucked-up frozen ray mission where it's reverse scroll, dark, arrows mixed up with
random speed changes. Oh my gosh. What is that? What mission number is that? It's
either 98 or 90. It's in the last five. Oh my god. I did the one, there was a frozen ray one
and I had to turn the controller upside down to do it. I think it was on, it was
like 49 or something. It's crazy. Mission 50. Mission 50. It took me over 50 tries for
that one, and I did it with my pad right side up, and I managed to, I had to memorize the
first part without looking at the screen. I could do this mission now without looking
at the screen. I'll tell you, the one that stuck me for the longest time, and I don't,
I can't believe this one took me as long as it did, but it's Your Rain on point five and
dark
and i swear to god we had to do it like forty times to beat it
it didn't take me that long
do we ever get the one done where you have to use kick the can we have to get
to what twenty of each twenty good twenty grades twenty perfect
we're still stuck on that one that's like in the easy britain budget we're
still stuck on it we can do it i mean it's it's too hard to get goods press
earlier like
of the twenty great good perfect one
again as a pass that
took me a while to
but I mean there's like some of them that were apparently very hard and that I
couldn't um...
pass
or like I could pass that was like really surprising there's apparently some easy
ones that took me forever. I guess it all depends on what you can do and what you can't.
Boy, that came out wrong.
That's alright.
That's alright.
Uh... you know we have... this... this whole show is just one big three hour brain
fart really so don't worry about it. We're doing a show. Yeah I know. Why don't you plug
your site again because you have this really nifty column over on that site and people
should go look at it. Oh yes, www.insidepulse.com. Expect a DDR extreme review that actually
praises the game for what it has rather than what it doesn't have within reason. It's like
It's like I don't bash the game because it doesn't have Sakura, for example, but I will point out some of the fatal flaws as it were, but I mean, to be totally honest, this game has enough material in it to make this the greatest home version ever.
Until next month when we get UltraMix 2, or November really.
Really? I'm telling you, I'm telling you. Based on the hype alone, UltraMix 2 all the
way. But we'll see.
That's true. Well anyway, I'm going to finish my thought if you don't mind.
Sure.
Like I said, it has enough material to make this the greatest home version ever, but it
has enough, it has the critical dance pad error, which really didn't affect me that
much, but it has that error and it has a few other errors to bring it, you know, right
back down, but the good far outweighs the bad, really.
I agree, the good outweighs the bad. The dance pad thing is really annoying, but I'll get
over it some day. Somehow I'll survive.
When are you going to start writing for the wrestling portion of the site? That's what
I'm curious about.
The wrestling portion.
Get some wrasslin'. Are you looking forward to Rumble Roses? All the boys on that site
Must be looking forward to rumble roses. Come on. You got the bimani artist. You got the raslin
boobies, come on
If I get that game, it'll be the here look to the sky again. All right, I don't care. Yeah
Look to the sky and boobies, right?
Look to the boobies look to the boobies exactly. That's rumble road
That's you that should be it. Like, you know how when they advertise things they have that tagline should be rumble roses
Look to the boobies
Look to the boobies!
Awesome action gameplay! Realistic wrestling moves!
Lots of boobies!
And mud! Don't forget the mud!
Flesh colored mud.
Look to the boobies! True color mix.
Alright, I'm hanging up on you, Mullet. We gotta let some other people call in.
But thanks for the input, as always.
Have a good one!
Yay, it's always good to talk to him.
Alright, we'll reopen the Skype line if somebody else wants to call in.
And let us know their thoughts on DDR Extreme USA.
We're going to have to kind of start shifting gears here in a little bit, though, because we definitely want to get to the cage match.
Of course, now we've got to get to our FUs. And I still want to talk about In the Groove at some point, and all that other stuff as well.
Wasn't that a Madonna song?
No, that's Into the Groove. That's Into the Groove. Not In the Groove.
In the Groove's a little different.
Yay, another caller.
Howdy, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, what's up?
Yo, it's Dork. Hey Dork, what's going on?
Not much. I love, I love this name.
We have, I swear, I'm declaring that our listeners
have the coolest handles on the internet. Between like El Mullet
and Dork, come on. Hey, you guys win at the internet. Captain Canada, yeah.
You guys win at the internet. Hey Dork, guess who?
Anyways, on the subject of, uh-
Oh, fine, don't guess who.
You're fired!
What's up?
Angel's taking over. What's up, Dork?
Never mind. What's up, Dork?
Hi.
Huh?
Repeat, please.
What's going on? Sorry, you have to repeat. There was chaos.
Uh, wait...
What? Angel was talking?
Yeah, she was.
It's your turn.
That's right. It's your turn. What's up?
No, what did she say? I want to know.
She was trying to say hi.
But I think there was a delay or something
something and it messed everything up. Well, what's up? What's your thoughts on Extreme?
Well, I got some good thoughts and bad thoughts. I
kind of said some good in bed on Wednesday, but
I might as well just reiterate the
song list. It could be better, right?
It could be better, but at the same time remember that you're trying to please
millions of people, so you really have to take a little bit of everything.
Granted, how stuff like Let Them Move still stays in DDR, I'll never understand, but for the most part, you have to remember you have to satisfy everybody, so there's always the way the song list could be improved to match our own personal taste, but if you change the song list to what you would like, then somebody else would hate the game. So, you know. But I understand, I understand. You could always just have more songs, hey?
Maybe so, but let's see here.
Um, I don't know. I kind of figured that
only in non-stop are a bit too easy, don't you think?
Um, maybe. I think some of the non-stops are a little bit too easy,
but then again, everything is difficult with that dance play option being gone.
So, yeah. But then again,
to negate all that, you have mission mode. That's true. Which is really awesome. Mission mode is very
awesome.
It's one of the coolest things in DDR yet, next to online play.
Oh, by the way, the Frozen Ray on Heavy with the one on dark, reverse, and mixed up arrows, that's mission 98.
Mission 98, thank you. We haven't gotten there yet, we're a little slow.
Yeah, I tried that one like up to like 100 something times already.
So on a scale of 1 to 5, how would you rate DDR Extreme?
Two.
Two?
Oh, ouch.
Alright.
Two.
What would you say was your least favorite thing about the whole game?
Least favorite?
Songless.
Songless.
Ouch.
Songless.
Oh well.
Yes.
Maybe next time.
Definitely the songless.
Maybe next time.
Alright, we're gonna let you go so we can talk to some other folks.
Alright, later.
But thanks for the call, Dork.
We appreciate it.
Alright.
Have a good one.
I think there was a little bit of delay.
Hi, Dork.
I think I could hear myself a little bit in there, so I think maybe there was just a lot
too much noise. Be careful guys, when you call in, make sure you mute Winamp.
I can feel the evil vibes building in this room.
Why? Thanks to Loki's device. Oh god, Loki's trying to finish his little device over there, the one
he's been working on for like the past like three episodes or something.
I feel the evil is close.
I feel that Satan's gonna come up and just burn up the floor.
Alright, we got another caller. This is gonna be the last one for now.
What's up?
you are going to have led to get the last call pay target while the last call
ever but for this segment and you'll take
if we have time to be in the shelter market on this call
yes it is but for now you're the lucky one
what happened
what's your thoughts on the art stream dark night
it's okay and what not to add some little doubt that
i wanted to downsize
agree with you with the dance play thing that kind of knows that one of the late
stuff is missing. I'm like, uh, oh, I can't cut the X arrows off.
Yeah, the dance play thing was a real bummer. What else?
Mission mode was okay. I'm kinda slow because I'm still stuck on mission 15.
It's hard! But they do have the crazy missions on there.
One, it was like all the arrows were bunched up into one big arrow.
You didn't know which way you had to hit it. I haven't seen that one yet.
It's like all the arrows get bunched, jammed into one arrow.
Wow, I have to...
It scrolls like one line.
Loki played like half a mission mode while I was out of town, but it's cool.
I gotta look at some of these other missions that I missed out on.
Maybe I'll just erase the file and start over.
And then there was like one mission where you had to deliberately get no goods on all free zeroes.
I'm like, I can't do that. My feet doesn't let me do that.
Wow.
I know I failed it like six times.
Left the one with Maximizer can't get a combo higher than four.
Or the set points where you have to get it in between points or you're gonna fail, regardless.
Exactly. Crazy stuff. Alright, what would you say was your favorite thing about DDR Extreme USA?
Some of the songs on there were pretty good. I didn't like the UltraMix covers.
Some of the original ones on there were pretty good. Like, I definitely liked the one called Music. I liked that one on there.
Music. We're gonna play that in our next break.
Yeah, I mean that was pretty good. I haven't opened up all the songs yet. I'm way, way behind on that.
And then, of course, they have the ability to go to challenge or non-stop while picking, instead of having to pick it early, you can pick it on the song rotation.
Huh.
So when you're looking at it, you're hearing the second song, and you're like, I want to do a challenge stuff. So you go to challenge, and you go to challenge mode.
Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah.
like that one I guess the odd stuff hyper dash the only thing I'm like on it
anything else I ain't even want to attempt to even try just by looking I'm
like no no but like all in all all in all do I give it but I'll give the REX
about it at least an 8. An 8 out of 10? An 8 out of 10. All right sounds good hey thanks for the
call Dark Knight we gotta let you go cuz we're gonna get to break but thanks for
your input have a good one all right all right bye
We will take more calls a little later on during the show about DDR Extreme USA and your thoughts.
We do like hearing what our listeners have to say, because, you know, they know more than we do most of the time, which is the sad truth.
Alright, we are going to go to a break, though, when we come back.
My review of In the Groove and the Cage Match when we get back.
After this, starting off with some more licensed music from DDR Extreme.
I know some folks in chat room wanted to hear this. So here you go some music for you guys. Enjoy
You
Together
We will go our way
Together
We will leave someday
Together
With your hand in my hand
We will make our friends, we will fight so high
Tell all our friends goodbye
We will be not like you
This is what we'll do
Like a peaceful land
In the almost end
Where the skies are blue This is what we're gonna do
There are many ways
Don't get me poppin' cuz in the century there is such a place that creates such a melody
A work who's by the plan of a murder jam, get up and dance
Diamonds take the green of our streets, make your body weight
Socialize, get down, let's go away, make it now
And now, no ladies, it's amazing, love myself!
Orange Lounge Radio, Bahmani Music, and more.
We are back with Orange Lounge Radio, talking about DDR Extreme USA mostly, but you know,
just by coincidence, tonight was probably going to be dominated by DDR Extreme USA chat,
but I got a chance to play In the Groove this week, which is the other Bamani-ish game.
It's not really a Bamani game, but you all know the story.
You want...
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
Dark Sakura was barking orders at Angel.
Just kidding.
I asked very nicely, okay? I said, would you please get me a napkin?
But you barked it a little. No, I'm kidding.
I'll show you bark.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Alright.
In the Groove's been...it's controversial.
Let's just leave it at that. It's a controversial game.
Many folks are like, what the hell is this?
Basically, for those who don't know, the folks that did StepMania, which is the DDR sim,
teamed up with some other folks in Seattle, I guess, I don't know what they did before,
teamed up with this Rock Store Games thing to put together a new machine for the US,
I'm assuming, to make up for a lack of new DDR mixes in the US. Although,
I'm sure they would tell you this has nothing to do with DDR, they just want to make a brand
new music game to kind of give something for the music fans to appreciate. So I got to play the
game I went to eight on the break where they are beta testing it I guess from
what I understand I actually checked one of the big websites itgfreak.com
funny itgfreak I checked this site out and it's apparently still a beta
machine even though the full version is out but it looked pretty finished to me
it played pretty finished I guess but again it's a beta so some things I saw
may have been different from the final version but I think for the most part my
assessment will be on track. And I realize there's people that love In the Groove, and
I realize there's people that hate it, and hate everything it stands for. So, that being
said, my review of the game is basically going to be summed up with, it's not as bad as people
who brag on it would make you think it is. It's not that bad. But, it's not that good
either. It's not as good as all the people who are talking it up would have you believe.
So, where should I start off? The bad stuff or the good stuff?
You want to hear the good stuff first, Loki?
Start with the good and then go to the honest.
Okay. Good stuff.
The mines.
I thought, now see, this is one of those things that I wouldn't have known unless I
played the game because I thought mines were a stupid idea to begin with
until I actually got to play it
and I thought it was actually really fun.
The way the step charts were done,
the mines were really smartly placed. It's a neat new feature for the game.
I like the mines. The mines can stay.
I think as for other step mania maker folks out there, need to lay off the mines, seriously.
But the folks who did the steps were in the groove, did it smart, and the mines were cool.
So I like the mine idea.
It seemed like the next logical step to go with the dance game to give us something new
after free zeroes, so I thought the mine was neat.
The scoring system, I thought the scoring system was better.
the Groove scores you on this percentage system, which is basically your score out of 100%
of the possible, and this is how you can tell that this game is absolutely slanted towards
people that Perfect Attack, which when you look at the people that work on it, doesn't
surprise me much, but that's fine. For a Perfect Attacker, you know, it's great. The scoring
system's pretty smart, and I like the scoring system, it was cool. And just like I said,
it takes Perfect Attack to the next level. I didn't see a lot of stuff that looked very
freestyle-able to me, however. So I think if you're more of a freestyler, I don't know.
I think you may be liking some of the new songs, but it's definitely a Perfect Attackers
game. That's my assessment.
Also like the fact that they have the BeatMania chart there where it does, you know, it shows
like a little graph that you can actually see where you sucked in the song and where
you were good.
Yeah. Again, things cater to Perfect Attackers. I like that. Again, because now everybody
is screaming and hollering in the chatroom. As I said, it's a controversial thing. Everybody
feels very strongly one way or the other. This is just my big fat opinion. Take it,
leave it, I don't care. This is something I put in my good column. It's not bad for
a first mix. Considering this is the very first thing they've produced, a dance game
they've produced, it's really not that bad. And I think if they decide to continue on
with it, they can only really go up from here. So for a first mix, it's solid, and especially
when you consider basically this game is fan-made, I don't care how you want to put it, you can't
ignore that these people were obviously influenced by DDR significantly. It's not a bad game.
I thought there was more places where you could rank. I just thought the kind of ranking
system was kind of cool, like you could rank in all these different spots and every song
had a top ten list, which I thought was kind of fun, so the ranking system was better.
If you're a mode whore, you're in for a treat, because this thing has about a zillion different
modes on it. I didn't even read them all. I'm not a mode whore, I could give a shit,
but if you're a mode whore, you're going to have a blast. Enjoy. The songs were longer,
which I thought was a good thing, especially as a better workout. The songs were a little
closer to two minutes in length, I think, and I thought it was a little bit better.
So that was good.
Some songs.
I thought the song list, now see this is one of those things I wouldn't have known unless
I played the game.
When I first read the song list I thought, eh, whatever.
But the song list was actually pretty good.
I actually liked a lot of the songs.
I was surprised by some of the ones I'd never heard of.
One of my favorites was something called Zodiac by Banzai.
I thought that song was really cool.
That's something I would like to play on the station sometime.
Maybe even do like an In the Groove hour of songs or something, I don't know.
I thought some of the cheesy cover songs...
Oh, you guys did that last week and I wasn't here?
Alright, whatever.
I thought some of the cheesy...
You guys, nothing.
Well, Loki. Loki and Bradley.
Guys, not girl and guys.
Alright, I thought some of the cheesy cover songs really...
As a person who appreciates the gay music,
I thought the dance covers of Mouth and Torn were really cute.
So, I kind of like those songs.
And then, Missing Heart.
There was like three Missing Heart songs in there.
I thought that was awesome, because I like Missing Hearts.
It was cool. What?
Oh, you have Zodiac. Play a little clip of Zodiac for me, because I like this song.
Pretty Please.
I actually thought this song was really cool. Play a little bit for me.
This is a real fun one to dance to. I thought this was like the best song in the whole mix.
At the same time, though, it's probably the song that gets incredibly hoarded out.
So that's just my guess.
Alright, that was a little bit of Zodiac. I thought that- I liked that song.
Uh, okay. That's what I have in the good column. You ready for the bad?
Yeah.
Alright.
I'm gonna take a lot of shit for this comment, but I don't care.
This is how I honestly feel. As somebody who's been a fan of DDR for four years,
or, what, three or four years, however long it's been,
I realize these guys are taking a lot of shit for it being a blatant, like,
for people saying it's too much like DDR.
It is too much like DDR. It is a blatant DDR ripoff.
I'm sorry, that's how I felt.
I felt like I was playing DDR. I realize there's new stuff and they're trying to be different.
My only, my only
suggestion is that it's not different enough.
I think,
now there's this whole argument going on about is it legal, is it not, is it legal, is it not.
I don't know where that stands. I don't care. It's not my issue. What, Logan?
It is DDR. It's only changed
from DDR enough to make it not,
so they can't get sued.
That's pretty much what it is. It's basically, that's it. They only changed, they would have
left it the same if they could. And also I think that since it's not an actually re-engineered
DDR that it's, you know, ground up, they can't say that they stole the engine. But honestly,
I think if Konami wanted to sue, and I don't know where this thing stands legally, but
I think Konami does have a step to stand on. It is way too much like DDR. It's not different
enough. I felt like I was playing DDR, different mix. I thought the interface was smooth. The
The interface was very smooth, but I thought it was very dry.
The backgrounds were boring, and the arrows were ugly.
It was an ugly game.
It was not a pretty game to look at.
It was an ugly interface, basically.
What?
Compared to Feet of Fury, how did those arrows look?
Okay, compared to Feet of Fury, it looked great.
But honestly, part of what attracted me to DDR in the beginning was that very saccharine,
sugary look to it with all the lights and the cutesy little characters and stuff.
I think In The Groove is ugly.
Um, sorry, but that's just my opinion.
It was not pleasant to look at.
Everything was kind of these greys and blues and whatever.
This is the thing that bugged me most about the game.
And I realize it bugs a lot of people too as well.
And I have played it, and I did get forced to do this in some songs.
I think hand plants are the stupidest thing in the entire game.
And the game acknowledges-
They make you hand plants?
Yes.
But they're forced-
That went up like years ago.
can turn them off. I was not able to, there were so many modes I couldn't even see
where to turn it off, but that's fine.
I understand you can turn them off. My point is they are retarded in the first
place.
They are really retarded and they were not put smart, like
I was playing songs and suddenly these hamplants would come up and I just kinda
sighed.
I did not feel like throwing my back out to hit them. That's not dancing,
that is monkey flailing is when you do those hamplants.
You know what? And I realize it's borderline dancing at first, but the hamplants were stupid.
The thing you said about in the group so far, even the good stuff, doesn't sound enough to even give a rat's ass about it, honestly.
I honestly think that everybody who is a fan of Bomani should try it once. It's different, it's worth a look, but basically my thing is form your own opinion. Play it, form your own opinion.
Of course if someone was to play like a really ass of game- of dancing games, there was that Jaleco one.
Yeah.
With the- what was that one? Stepping Stage. Was that it? No way.
Yeah, I think that- Stepping Stage. Or Stepping Selection.
Stepping Selection. There was that one.
No game is as bad as that.
and I realize it's not really dancing in the first place but the hamplants it's
what I hate about pump it up and it's what I hate about in the group sorry
that's just I hated it um I thought this is gonna sound really cold but I kind of
don't care I thought it was kind of stupid that the step chart makers had a
credit and it was I'm not talking about something like it's in the credits of
the game I'm talking about when you select a song and you go into the song
It shows, in the same font size and type, in the bottom corner, song name, song artist,
and the step chart artist.
Well, the effort went into making the step chart, so you should have some credit.
I think the credit can be given at the end of the game.
This is the part that kind of bugged me, is that in most songs that I played, it was the
same person every time.
Did that person put a lot of work in the game?
Sure, I'm not going to debate that, but the thing is, I don't think that person deserves
as much credit as the person who created the song, for God's sake, the artist and the song
you're dancing to.
I realize it's a little thing and I'm probably going to get shit for that comment, but I
don't care.
I just, it's something that struck me as kind of like, I kind of went, that's kind of dorky.
It's totally something though I would expect from the sim scene.
Oh.
If I was a beginner, I wouldn't want to play in the groove.
It has a really nice tutorial mode.
I'll give it that.
It's probably better than anything DDR has for beginners, but kind of looking at it,
if I was new and I was walking into the arcade and I was looking at it, I wouldn't want to
play it. But the interface is totally turned off. When I was playing, the CD skipped, and
it caused the whole game to skip, and it caused the arrows to skip, kind of like the Ultramix
glitch that some of the service packs have. It's very similar to that effect, and since
this game is so heavily based on Perfect Attack, that is a big no-no. That was a big no-no.
CD skipped. Why the fuck is it running off of a CD? It's got a fucking hard drive in
I don't know if it's a CD skip or what it is, but it was like a CD skip, and it was kind of bad.
Lastly, a lot of the people who are big fans of the game say that the step charts are innovative and the step charts do all these great new things. I didn't see it. I wasn't feeling it. With the exception of the mines and the hand plants, I thought that the step charts were basically what you'd see in DDR, which kind of brings me back to my first point where basically in the groove is just another DDR.
Um, what I would just say is Food Mix did it better. And if you want to do the interface, Technolize did it better. I'm sorry, you put Food Mix songs and steps with Technolize's theme, I'm sorry you've got a better game. That's what it comes down to.
Well, that's one point, but I will agree with you that Food Mix's steps were better. But Food Mix isn't an arcade game either, and I'm not talking about Food Mix right now.
now so alright there's the bad so I gave you good and I gave you bad my final
assessment is that everybody should try it at least once but I honestly don't
see this taking over DDR because here's my other point while I was in the arcade
I just kind of observed in the arcade as well while I was in the arcade people
were playing DDR non-stop people came up and were playing DDR non-stop I was one
of three people the whole time I was there that played in the groove I watched
in my time there DDR make twice as much money as in the groove a two-year-old
old game. That's the reality, as far as I can see. You can't debate that.
Here's another thing, too. Your average DDR mix, and I understand this is brand new hardware
that they're adding to the scene and everything like that. Your average DDR mix costs about
$800 to upgrade. If you were going to take a third mix machine, upgrade it to extreme,
it'd be about $800. This sucker costs over $2,000 to upgrade for an arcade. An arcade
it's risky you know adding this I mean cuz you know TDR extreme sure it may not
be pulling in the crowds it was before but you've already got that game it's
already been paying for it and it's already it's still making money it's got
a fan base it's got a fan base already so you're gonna you know risk $2,000 on
this brand new mix which you know it's a cool idea if you have got an arcade that
does a lot of revenue and you know and you want to bring one of these in go for
but you know it's kind of pricey kind of pricey but i'm sure that pays for all the licensed songs
but even still here's the other thing i said you can have all in-house artists and it will still
be good this still will be good it's just that's been proven right there with food mix i know that's
not an arcade game but it's all in-house artists and the songs are really good that's what it comes
down to. Songs are good, steps were innovative, the backgrounds were awesome. They put more
effort into it. I'm sorry.
I don't know. I'm not talking about food mix. I want to finish up In the Groove, basically.
I don't want to leave it on such a sour note because I did talk about all that stuff. Again,
I just want to reiterate, it's the first mix. I think it can only get better. For a first
mixed it's not bad but to me I and this is kind of my final say on it I I left
this playing this game the same taste in my mouth that I get when I play pump it
up and I don't mean physically but I mean basically the way I kind of react
to pump it up a sign like oh you know cool they have a pump it up I am maybe
I'll play that for fun once in a while that's exactly how I feel about in the
groove oh it's cute I'll play it once in a while for fun but it's not a DDR killer
in my eyes in it in any shape or form that's how I feel about it
all right but I realize people people feel passionately in one way or the
other I know it's okay but it's just a game people all right you know I would
try it to say I have because I'm not usually one to to you know poop on
something unless I've actually played it but everything I've heard on it and
everything that I've seen so far just doesn't excite me I'm gonna open up the
Skype line maybe somebody wants to say something about it but I'm not gonna
have it open very long because I want to get to the cage match because we're
starting to run late but yeah if I do want to allow you know if there's
somebody that has a counterpoint I want to give him a chance to speak back so at
www.orangelandradio.com click on interact with us if you want to interact
with the show and give us a shout on the Skype line and let's see what you have
to say while I set up for the cage match here so I guess in the groove has gone
gold or whatever and they're shipping to different arcades and what have you oh
we're getting a call from our old buddy Jason what's up Jason of course it's me
of course of course but I love hearing from Jason what's up Jason you got
something you wanna say about in the groove there's a few things that are
always on my mind about this all right one little side note is something you
said earlier, Roxor Games made, basically they took the number one game that comes with
most Linux distributions called Tux Racer. It's basically a little racer with the Penguin
Tux mascot for Linux and they put it in an arcade game and shipped it out to arcades.
We actually have one out here. I never knew that. Cracker Jacks. That's kind of funny.
If you go to the Roxor Games company website, there's two things, Tux Racer and The Groove.
I guess so I guess you'll kind of leave it at that point then all right yeah
anyways all right there's the two things that are kind of hanging me up about all
this is that first of all the songs I still want to hear all the songs I still
want a sound truck I still want to get all the songs I do want to play the game
but already the variety is you know I hear USA a nice a nice group of songs
songs, but all along a similar line.
I kinda liked the song list, and that's one of those things I wouldn't have realized unless
I actually played the game, so I'm glad I'm opening my mouth now after I played the game
and saying to the song list, it's not that bad. It was kind of fun, and there were actually
some really, really good songs in there, so that's one thing.
I mean, there are, I still want to play it. But yeah, the main two things that are on
my mind, I don't know how many people I've told this to, maybe two or three people.
We are about to tell two more, because that's how many people we have listening right now.
Two more.
The arcade manager, something to do with the arcade hardware manager for Rockzor, was standing at the corner of the Konami booth at E3, and I was just kind of watching everybody play Xtreme, and we had a nice little discussion.
I remember that guy, I saw him too.
Yeah, and it's the two things are hanging me up is that they're gonna go for a copy of the bimani series
He said they have eventual plans to start cloning the other games starting with beat mania will most likely be their second
It's a good. It's a nice idea because it gets more games in the u.s.
It finally brings these here legitimately and with a variety. That's a good thing at the same time
It's this little company undertaking this whole task of all of this
I don't want to say they're just going to lose, but, you know, this isn't an easy thing to take.
You know, it's going to be tough. If they release some kind of Beatmania clone over here, it's going to be tough, because they're going to beat Konami to the punch, but at the same time...
I don't know. It's a difficult situation. It's a really difficult situation, but I think if Konami has issue with what's going on here, they need to do something about it now before it does get out of control.
But maybe they can't do anything. I mean, maybe that's the sad part of it, is that maybe they can't do anything.
Well, Konami US no longer has an arcade division anyway.
That's... Well, they can still... The whole thing about that article was that they can't...
They don't produce the machines here, but they can still get it through a third-party distributor.
And the bookkeeping is done in Japan. Big deal.
I do want to play it. If we ever got a machine here, I would play it. I know I would.
I want to play it, but I just don't know what to expect from it yet.
I think big arcades with a lot of Bahmani games should get in the groove.
It's just kind of a fun little alternative.
And actually, I think I can see, because I've heard that this place that I went to has these big Friday night tournaments and stuff,
and it does seem like it's a very tournament-friendly game. I'm kind of not surprised by that.
Supposedly like 40 people were already on the reserve list as soon as the public release, the 1.0 gold release came out.
Because people want a new DDR arcade mix, but that's the whole thing, is that again, people want a new DDR arcade mix, so they order In the Groove, yet In the Groove is supposedly not like DDR.
are because we don't want a lawsuit. I don't get it. Whatever. I think big arcades that
have lots of bimani games should get it just as an alternative, but I wouldn't recommend
the whole world jumping on it.
Instead of having three, four, or five extreme machines all in a row?
Yeah, exactly. There's no need for two extreme machines. Get a fourth plus and then get in
the group.
Fifth! Fifth!
Alright. Or fifth. Get a fourth plus or fifth and then get in the group.
Fourth plus. Fourth plus.
That's it for now.
That's about it.
Is there anything else you want to say, Jason?
Console games are going to make this thing very interesting when they finally decide to start working on those.
I'm going to be brave and say it doesn't happen.
Obviously this isn't the authority, but ITG FreeGuardie has locked forums in place for whenever that actually starts.
It is on their to-do list.
Feel free to prove me wrong, but I'm gonna say right now it's not gonna happen.
Feel free to prove me wrong, it's not gonna happen.
Give it a few years, we'll see what goes from here.
Okay, now, supposedly, supposedly, that they have some sort of encryption thing that they did with this whole game on the hard drive on this thing,
where you couldn't, you know, say, I don't know, because it is basically StepMania, you couldn't, I don't know, add songs to it.
Supposedly, they have this, something tells me that they don't.
And I think that all you're gonna have to do is buy this game and be like,
Hey, you know what? I don't want to buy your next upgrade for this thing,
because they weren't gonna do downloadable updates or something like that.
That was one of the things I think they were talking about.
And, um, so basically you could say, you know, I like this DDR Extreme machine I have here,
but what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take all the songs from DDR Extreme
that are already available for download on the internet,
and I'm gonna put them in this, you know, um, In The Groove thing,
and I'm going to call it In The Groove Plus.
And then I'm going to sell it for $3,000 on the internet.
You know what? You know what's interesting?
And this is something I completely forgot to say about In The Groove.
I think what's going to be interesting about it is that basically, yeah,
the irony of the situation is that everybody's going to pirate it to play on StepMania
and then they won't bother with In The Groove.
That's the irony of the whole thing, I think.
I think that's how most, honestly, that's how most people are playing it right now.
Even better, there's people out there bootlegging fucking DDR Extreme. What's going to stop them from fucking bootlegging this thing? It's going to be even easier.
And they'll be able to make it even better.
That's going to hurt the smaller companies too. The less backing a company has, the more it's going to hurt them.
Alright. I'm digging myself deep enough hole as it is here with the group fans.
We'll just end this and move along great and move back to the rest of the normal show.
Sounds good.
Alright, thanks Jason for calling.
Alright. I am offering a cordial invitation to anybody that worked on In The Groove or
anybody that, you know, worked on In The Groove or anybody that had something to do with the
making of this game. I invite you to come on this show. We will set up a phone interview
or something. Come on this show, talk about your game. I would love to know what you guys
have to say about this. Honestly, come tell me I'm wrong. Tell me there's going to be
a home mix. I am perfectly fine with this, but I want to hear it from the official horse's
mouth. So, open invite. I'll be nice. Come to California, we'll buy you lunch. That's
about all we can afford in our budget. A nice McDonald's lunch for our guests. But, you
know, we can open it up to you. Let's take one more call. You're on Orange Lounge. Hello?
Hey, your friendly neighborhood legend is Zaku. Hey, Zaku, what's up? I already played
in the groove because obviously because you know I live in the city and Port Authority
bus terminals and it was in the groove place what'd you think so far so good I mean the
songs are unique for the fact that this is probably the only alternative left our last
hope because you know we're hearing we're hearing word that this might be it that you
know DDR in the arcades might be on its last limb people are gonna get sick and tired hold
Well, I think somebody came in the room.
Hold on a sec. Clean your room! No, someone's asking for my roommate, but anyways,
yeah, DDR, yeah, people have been playing Extreme for almost two years. They're gonna get cranky and sick and tired.
But that's the thing! That's the thing, Zaku, is that I was at this place and people were
playing
DDR Extreme more than they were playing in the group. Now I realize it's just one day
and I realize it wasn't a tournament night or anything, but it was
Sunday afternoon a random Sunday afternoon in the arcade and there were
more people and it wasn't the same people playing DDR the whole time there
were more people playing DDR it's not always it's always gonna be I'm sorry
hold on okay it's not gonna always be tournament night at these other arcades
if this isn't doing good in this arcade it's not gonna do good in another arcade
maybe it depends it depends though I mean one you have in the groove something
you know more net you know national because you know it's made here but you
know at the same time it's not Konami because the timing window is huge you
large enough to drive you know an 18-wheeler through it and I and believe
me that's true I know you already know you know this guy
secondly I mean I don't it really depends it's gonna be hard for you know
the transitions if is that a princess phone ringing in the background you know
makes it official that this is that is that a princess phone my phone as my
roommate's phone all right your roommate has a princess phone your roommate has a
cute phone it's adorable sorry Zaku finish your thought cuz we are your cage
match yeah just you just left this phone right there but what finish your thought
that go we gotta go to cage match soon what's well pretty much it I mean this
is the up all right in other words let's just put it to sum it all up alternative
In the group equals alternative for those who have been playing DDR3 for the longest ever since it first came out.
I'll agree with you there.
This is transitional.
I'll agree with you there.
Period.
Alright. Have a good one, Zaku.
Alright. Later.
Later.
And that's the funny thing. I agree. It's an alternative, not a replacement for DDR.
But here's the funny thing is that, you know, I say it at the same time, it's not a replacement for DDR, but yet it is a ripoff of DDR.
Alright, anyway, uh, before I get- say some more things to get me in trouble...
You know what? I didn't like UltraMix at first, either, and it suddenly became my favorite mix.
Home mix, of all. So...
My opinion could change later on, but for right now, that's how I feel.
Whatever. It's not all about me, anyway. As much as I like to think it is.
Hi, guys! How are the rest of you guys doing?
Some of you guys look like you're falling asleep, or what?
Sorry, I'll shut up about it in the group now.
I want to get to the cage match.
Oh yeah, a cage match. I think it's cool. Yeah, let's get to the cage match. I miss the cage match.
Alright, the way the Orange Lounge Radio cage match works, we play three songs for you
guys. You guys pick your favorite
and it goes into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio. We didn't do a
cage match last week, so let's rewind
two weeks ago. Jamie surprised us all when she beat Echo Image
and something Loki had picked to win it with this ska remix of Lupin the third.
That was her pick and it won.
Like beat rock.
Like beat, okay, beat rock.
Although it is the Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra.
It sounded more like something you hear like in a little moment.
All right, granted, it's now two weeks by default.
It's the winner two weeks in a row and it's going to go for three.
And here it is.
You only get to hear a clip of it because it was the last winner.
So here's a clip of song number one you can vote for tonight.
Remember, to participate, you need to be in our chat room, www.orangeofficeradio.com.
Click on chat.
Here's song number one you can vote for tonight, Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra, themed from
from Lubin III.
Song number one in tonight's cage match, Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra with a theme from Lupin
the third.
It's Lupin the Lupin.
Lupin the third.
Because it's French.
I know.
Lupin.
I like Lupin.
We're going to watch some Lupin.
Alright.
My turn, this is my pick for tonight's cage match. I'm actually being lazy and just picking the song that I was going to play last week, because there was supposed to be a cage match last week, but you know, things change, whatever.
So I'm just gonna pick the same song. And I actually had written a little spiel for you guys to read, so I'm just gonna go ahead and read that spiel now. Let's see, ooh, let's see who's at the door.
Hello! Jonas is here. Alright, anyway.
This is the little thing I was gonna have Jamie read last week before the cage match.
Except I was dead.
That's alright.
Since you cunts voted out Echo Image last week,
I was going to pick Britney or some shit to torture you with in my absence.
But this pretty kickass trance song came to my attention,
and Jamie, I know how much you love trance.
But it kinda sounds like tack in one part of it, so just listen to it.
Tackoo!
And also I know Loki has a total hard-on for this artist
So I thought I'd beat him to the punch by putting this in tonight's cage match. It's also kind of long
So deal with it. This is song number two. Oh, no Ken with the Jory. Enjoy
a
a
a
a
a
a
I don't know what you're going to do
All right, song number two in tonight's cage match, Ono Ken with the Jor.
Jamie!
I really liked it.
It wasn't...
The trance I am sick of is the cookie cutter, repetitive, crap trance that people...
Feel the beat, feel the beat, feel the beat, feel the beat, feel the beat.
That was, that was a lot more, what's the word I'm thinking of, progressive sounding, it was, that was more what I liked.
You liked it, that's an upset.
Well yeah, I liked it.
It's a trance that you like.
But, cage match wise, it was a little long. I mean, I would listen to it all the time otherwise. I mean, that would be one of my songs on repeat, I would have to give it that high of a rating.
However, because of Link, for cage match purposes, I would give it an 8, and this would be what I would originally give it a 9 otherwise.
Fair enough. Jonas, who just came in the house a little bit ago, explicit. There's a mic over there for you guys.
I know you got to hear a little bit of Ono Ken, so what'd you think of Ono Ken? Hold the bottom when you talk. That's all. Alright, what's up?
I'll give it my other pen. Well, I guess.
Alright. Well put. Angel, your thoughts?
I really liked it. Kinda Rave-y. Just my style. Definitely a 10 from me.
My thoughts is I really liked it. It could stand to have been a little shorter, but I'm just lazy, so I give it a 9, because it's not the song's fault that I'm lazy.
It was good. I've listened to it before, so I actually didn't even listen to the whole song at all.
Because I've had this song forever.
So on a scale of 1 to 10?
It gets a 9, because it's just...
I don't think it can do you no wrong.
Fair enough. And lastly but not, or I'm sorry, lastly but not leastly.
That's what I'm thinking. Lastly, I almost said lastly but not lastly.
Ah, Arcadia!
You said last but not loosely.
We never knew that you were loosely.
it was something out of DDR or 2DX or something. It had that background that was sort of...
It was a bit repetitive in the background, but still was pretty cool. Give it a 9.
Didn't you kind of get a little bit of a Taku vibe from it? Like, Still My Words-ish?
Yeah, there was another one that was...
Like, you know, one of the soft traces.
Like traces.
Yeah, like traces.
Yeah, it made me think of traces.
Okay, let's go on to Loki's pick, and I think he tried to come up with something at the last minute, but I don't think it worked. He's going back to an old favorite.
No, I wasn't trying to come up with anything at the last minute. I was just seeing if I wanted to do any new shit.
But, I have to check. And that also reminds me that Fucking Diverse Systems hasn't sent me my CD.
Now, I understand that there is a little problem with that they weren't offering it to the US, but I thought I'd try ordering it anyway.
and they have my money and I don't have a CD and that makes me mad as long as
they send me a CD but anyways so no I went ahead and decided that I'm gonna go
ahead and try the echo image card again because god damn it they will win I
promise you they will win so this is echo image with one of my favorite songs
Come back
Come back for you, it's always the same thing, it's always the same thing
I fall back to you
It's always the same thing
It's always the same as me, dear
Come back to me, let me get the real thing
Let me get the real thing
I want all that you need
I'm lying here waiting
I'm waiting, chasing, sleeping
In my heart, I'm searching out for you
You hear me calling
I know the way, I know the way, I know
To see me fall down, free of all my pain
Singing out to you, you hear me calling
I know the way, I know the way, I know
Know the way I feel, the way I know
To keep me coming
Be my heartbeat, together with you
You keep me coming
Know the way I feel, the way I know
You'll see me for me
Song number three in tonight's cage match, Echo Image with Come Back.
Jamie, come back and give us your vote.
Oh, did I miss something?
Yes, you did. Echo Image.
Oh, yeah. It was good. I really liked that song.
It was just so...
I mean, again, that would be another one that I would just listen to endlessly, but I don't think it was quite cage-matchy.
Still, I'm giving it an 8.
Alright, fair enough. Radley!
Gotta grab the thing.
For me, the background is pretty good, but the lyrics and the way it's sung is kind of blah.
So, eh, I can give it a six.
Alright. Angel.
Um, duh, Echo of Edge, ten. I know, I've been giving a lot of tens lately, huh?
You are, you're the ten whore.
I'm not a ten whore.
You're TDR Angel, USA, tenth mix. Alright.
Alright.
Ugh, a comment.
Exquisite.
8.5 out of 10.
Alright, 8.5 out of 10.
My thoughts, you know what, it's kind of, this is really hard for me.
Because that is like my favorite song at the moment right now.
I love that song.
And in most normal circumstances I would give that song an 11.
But the problem is that I kind of feel the way Jamie does
does where it's not quite the song I would see winning cage match it is kind
of slow and like I think if that played in the middle of the dance music station
it would be kind of weird so so I'm taking my 11 and bringing it down to like
a 9.9 all right but you know what it's not up to us it's up to you guys oh look
he's got a boat well duh I do don't I know I give it an 11 because I'm still
listening to this in my car over and over again I don't even know how long
I've had this CD for and I still listen to it constantly it's just in my player
I'm listening to tracks one or two nine and five those are the three tracks I
like and then I just let everything else play through because it's awesome still
I love four because it sounds like a razor but anyway it doesn't matter um
it's your I feel the exact same way honestly echo image
CompuPhonic, you must get the CD. It is so good.
That's all I listened to while I was back east. It was the only CD I had on me.
And I'm still not sick of it. I love it. But anyway.
Enough about what I think. Let's get to what you guys think and your chance to vote on
tonight's winner. Here are those three songs one more time, starting with
Song number 2 tonight was Ono Ken with Vijore.
Song number three tonight was Echo Image with Come Back.
Alright place your vote now.
Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote and Loki just found something
on the internet that's very cool that we must find. They sung the Neverending Story, or
a version of it, Echo Image. Echo Image did a version of Neverending Story, it looks like.
Yes, I don't know if it's the same song, but it's got the same title, so I'm gonna look
for it. All right, we'll find out. Okay, so anyway, those are the three you get to vote
for right now, Lupin, Vigore, or Come Back. All right, I'm gonna open up the Skype line
one more time. Any of your thoughts you want to talk to us about DDR Extreme USA, certainly,
in the groove, we'll definitely want to hear your thoughts on that. Or, you know, anything
you want to bring up right now, fine by me. And we will get into, of course, the cage
match, not the cage match, the FUs of the week in a little bit. I want to give you guys
a chance for your votes to come in first though. Loki, in the meantime while we're waiting
Alfa24 came out last week, but I'll mention it again. Nothing really new, I think, came with that, except more bug fixes. And then, Technolize version 2.8 finally got released with new, supposedly another Easter egg thing in that, probably some cool stuff in the background. And they have their unlock, or the unlock mode stuff is in there. They finished all the stuff out of the game, and they've got some cool stuff in there, too.
their unlock or the unlock mode stuff is in there they finished all the stuff for
that and fix some of the alpha 24 problems and there's also a poll going
on DDR maniacs right now because the guy that did all the character ripping for
fifth mix is pretty much done with it now and now he wants to know what other
games you want you know to rip characters from and he will go ahead and
get on that so I went ahead and voted for I think party collection or
something they wanted to do ultra mix but I figured there's only two
characters in Ultramix, so that's kind of a waste. But, um, so they're doing that right
now, and, um, I think that's pretty much it. There's not really much going on right now
other than that. Um, sort of sim-related, they're gonna have, um, Aaron in Japan is
actually hacking the US, um, home console version of DDR Extreme, much like they did
with the other, um, versions for the Japanese home versions, to add those modifiers that
found only in mission mode into normal gameplay and I'm sure they'll be
successful at that because they were with the other one and that's how you
got that hacked DDR extreme that's out there with the wave and or the Furu Furu
mode and 0.5 speed and all that wonderful stuff and break that you can
find in the arcade mixes which that is a free download I might add on ddramerica.com
a BitTorrent site and you can actually if you have a really kind operator at
at your local arcade, you can give that to them and I'm sure they'll put it in there for you. Like ours. So. Um, that's pretty much all that's going on at the moment.
Alright. Fair enough. How long ago did you order that diverse system CD that you still haven't gotten?
A couple months ago. Interesting. Are you gonna write them? Contact the Better Business Bureau over it?
They're Japanese, I can't understand my English, so I'll try. I'll like ask them, you know, hey, because I do, I still have the email, so I could email them again, you know, with that email later on once, because I'm thinking that they're just not released into the U.S., so they're not going to send it to me, but later on, you know, when the time comes when they do release it to the U.S., I'll be like, hey, I paid for this a long time ago, send me my fucking CD, so that's pretty much what it's going to come down to, and they'll have to because I have, you know, my
and receipts still from that it shows that it was paid for
so there's no disputing that they can just say no
and then I don't know. When you're dealing with international business
they don't necessarily have to send it to you. The business laws
overseas are a lot different than they are here. Well I don't think it would be a problem.
And you can't necessarily report a foreign
business to the Better Business Bureau. Well I wasn't going to do that anyway.
There's nothing, if they don't ship it to you and you pay for it, there's not really much you're going to be able to do about it.
Yeah. Oh well. If not, I'm out that fifty bucks. Not that it really matters.
Well, I'd be pissed too, but there's not much I can do about it.
And normally, you know me, I'm all like, you know, fight it however you can, but...
After my business law class, I've seen just what exactly happens when you're dealing with...
Did you pay for it with credit card? Can't you stop charges?
You can stop payment on a credit card, like, up to, think, what, five months later?
And you can still stop payment on it.
Yeah, you should be able to stop payment on bank transfer, too.
All you have to do is call your, uh, credit card company.
Yep. Tell them you didn't get your product.
Alright, anyway, uh, let's talk about Cage Match and the winner of tonight's Cage Match.
Um...
Uh, two of the songs, uh, did alright, but it wasn't enough to, uh, beat the third song.
Tonight's Cage Match winner is...
Echo Women!
Songs number one and two tied, but it weren't enough to overtake song number three.
Song number three got about what one and two did combined.
The power of Shane's persuasion to the chatroom.
Damn him for being a DER celebrity all of a sudden.
You know, people wouldn't have given a shit what he said previously.
just teasing a shame all right uh let's do another break and we're in that now
his words have a laxative effect when it comes to opinions possibly all right
we're gonna go to a break no actually you know what in all in all seriousness
I'm glad that song one I just kind of you know I'm still kind of like I don't
know but but some people when they voted for it they actually said I want to see
a slow song on orange lounge I know I did but I'm just a dick all right well
they'd need to they need to wake up and get it on I don't think it would have
been enough we were several several votes behind Jamie so I don't think it
would have been enough when it's pretty clear one songs gonna win all right
anyway let's go to a break and in this break I'm gonna pick up kind of a lot of
those leftover songs we haven't gotten to yet from DDR extreme USA including
one of my favorites diving I like that song by four strings like a virgin and
YMCA we're also gonna gay it up a little bit in this break when we come back did
Dude, I saw them perform that.
That's hot.
That was awesome.
When we come back, the FUs of the week.
You know it, you love it.
And it's coming up.
We'll be back.
Tell me a secret, I'll tell you mine Tell me about desire, you hide in the sky
There is so much that we should have done
I was into Cuba
Now I'm gone
Driving
Knowing it was you I keep on trying
Diving into you
Diving into you
I made it through the wilderness, somehow I made it through
Didn't know how long I was until I found you
I speak instantly
I think hey
I'm sad and through
But you made me feel
Yeah, you made me feel
Shiny and new
You're so fun
And you're mine
I'll be young
Till the end of time
But you made me feel Yeah, you made me feel
I've nothing to hide Like a virgin
Hey, just for the very first time Like a virgin
With your body, you're in the sky
Young man, there's no need to feel down the stairs
young man pick yourself up around and say young man cause you're in a new town there's no need
to be unhappy young man there's a place you can go and say young man when you're short on your
dough you can stay there and i'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time
It's fun to stay at the Y-N-C-A. It's fun to stay at the Y-N-C-A.
Be a family friend, call your mate to enjoy. You can hang out with all the boys. It's fun to stay at the Y-N-C-A.
Y-M-C-A, it's fun to say it's fun
Y-M-C-A, hey
You can get yourself free
You can have a career
You can do whatever you feel
Y-M-C-A
Y-M-C-A, hey
easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song orange lounge radio we are back here
on Orange Lounge Radio, live on this lovely Sunday evening, September the 26th of 2004,
Episode 113, In Progress. What's up with that Village People song? Is it just me or did
it sound different? It doesn't sound like the same YMCA I remember. It sounded like
they re-recorded or something. You are not putting your nasty foot on the webcam. A little
weird. Loki is changing out the bandage on his foot right now and he wants to put it
on the webcam to scare you all with. Look at his Silent Hill, you know, toe. Loki, how
was it to play DDR with that foot that's what I want to know oh I see that
never-ending story thing on WinMX I'm gonna double click it okay oh I'm so
excited that echo image never-ending story thing I hope we get that by the
end of the show so we can play it we'll see nasty anyway I can't believe you're
putting that on cam so Rose all right again we've been playing a lot of EX USA
songs for you guys I know a lot of you guys missed maximizer a little bit
earlier you didn't get a chance to hear Maximizer and that's all you're gonna
hear of it now but don't forget all these EX USA songs are in rotation all
week long now on Orange Launch Radio in our 24 hours a day seven days a week
Bamani music and more program is on and all the Extreme USA songs are in there
for your listening pleasure we always update we like to stay up to date for
you guys and we'll be putting other new songs in I can't wait for Ultra Mix 2 to
out I'm gonna have field day with that one also on our station on Monday nights
tune in for a diversion your favorite fan-made and official Bahmani remix
songs it's really good a lot of like industrial sounding songs there and
stuff really good remixes tune in if you haven't yet seven o'clock specific time
on Monday night and then Tuesday nights that would be where I step in at pump up
the volume on orange on radio where I'm basically I'm supposed to play people's
request except nobody ever requests things anymore so I just play whatever
the hell I feel like it usually I'll play a whole CD or marathon stuff and
like I was so completely impromptu last week I just decided to play just to kill
again the Eddie Izzard routine um pre-show starts at 7 o'clock or
sometimes at a quarter till 7 if I'm bored and then the show show starts at
730 to 1030 and if I'm bored I go longer if I lose track of time or if I forget
go to bed so I play everything I play everything from see what did I play last
week I played the DDR EX v-rare 3 CD I played some comedy I played you know
some Metallica I just play everything so since I've got pretty you know diverse
sense of taste for music.
It's a good time. Yeah, listen. Wednesday night, 7 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
We'll be back this Wednesday after a little bit of a hiatus, but Rice Princess
Lanky Style and myself, we bring you a little show called
Outside the Box, which is a show dedicated to video gaming.
The other games, besides that DDR and foot stomping and
you know, beat hitting games. It's a show dedicated to all that other stuff, and of
course we're starting to get into the Christmas season.
Whole lot of news we got to catch up on from the past couple weeks, so definitely tune in this Wednesday
It's also the home of bot mania, and if you don't know what that is you should tune in and find out
Anyway now we're gonna get into another totally random part of our program, but you know what it's tradition
We've done it a hundred and thirteen weeks in a row now
And we'll be damned if we're ever gonna stop this segment. It is the F use of the week Jamie
Why is it for 113 weeks in a row now? We have to do the F use of the week
Because I'm still full of angst and I can't make it stop.
I would like to give a big F you to the majority of the human race.
For one very big reason.
There's a stupid moron who ran out in front of my car on Madison Avenue while I'm going 60
But I would I would have hit him had he continued
Asshole decides that he's oh, there's a torso heading to meet her and so he jumped out back into lane, and I'm just like
Looking I managed to slow down enough. I was going about 20 where I got where he would have been
I'm just looking at this guy like oh my god
what planet are you from are you from the planet of like perpetually flat
people you know cuz they all get run over by cars you stupid fucker and then
there's like the guy on the motorcycle who like decides that he's gonna speed
up when I'm trying to change lanes I'm halfway into the goddamn lane and then
he blows oh what I yeah I was going 60 on Madison I usually go 60 on Madison it
It was in the 50's though, it was only 10 miles over.
Don't get in the- Don't- Oh my god, me!
Okay, anyway.
So, uh, I was, uh, there's also, like, this old lady who was in front of the line, um,
at, uh, um, the grocery store, who decided that she was gonna be the slowest person ever.
This is in the express lane.
They finally get it all in and then they change cashiers and start counting out the door
I'm like what and then like a big ashy goes to all that Chinese food and all like the carby food
I've been eating all weekend because I decided that I was gonna gonna cheat like mad all weekend and I have and now my
stomach hurts
But I had coconut cream pie this weekend and that makes it all right
And I want to go have a beer I had coconut cream pie when I was on the East Coast
coast was very good. There's that little truck stop style diner too.
The Hofbrau. Hofbrau!
You can't call it the Hofbrau. The Hofbrau! Hofbrau!
Especially in a town where Arnold Schwarzenegger is governor. Come on.
It's the Hofbrau!
And F you to the situation where people say
oh sure we'll call you when we're ready to eat and then they go out to eat already.
And then an F you
goes toward a friend's parent for saying something for completely making an
assumption about something that my fiancee had said and for just going off
on them with no reason okay first of all when you assume it makes an ass out of
you and me okay you learn this when you're in middle school okay and then
another F you go saw the people who drive like huge luxury sedans and SUVs
who park in compact places your car is not little and also learn how to fucking
stay in the in the lines okay if you're gonna park your car there there's
nowhere else to do it at least keep your car between the lines so that other
people can park I used to go around to people who do that at school and pour
honey on their driver's side door on the handle in the middle of summer you're so
mature and I would go back and check the handle when I was leaving and there
would be flies on it and it would be awesome this was you know when I was
first in school but it's like these are the people that I leave notes on their
car now you know the other day I left a diagram on how to properly park the car
on the top of this SUV also another F you goes toward the h2 for looking
stupid okay what was wrong with the Hummer
Rob, what was wrong with the Hummer? Do you know?
Uh, everything. I'm just kidding.
No. They looked, they looked cool.
They were tough.
And now they're all like, hi, we're gonna look, uh, completely suburban.
Aren't those those square cars, the Hummers?
Yeah, they were awesome though.
They're square!
They're cool!
Alright. Whatever.
And I want to put a rocket launcher on one and drive it to work.
And, it's just...
Okay, I've got the inked out. That's really my major B.
Alright. You sure?
I should've run over that guy.
Alright. Yeah, I think you should've too. Teach him a lesson.
Darwinizing.
Well, let's move on to, uh, Loki.
I'd like to say that I can't be that bad. What the hell?
Uh, my first F.U. goes to Rob's chair. Um, okay, there we go.
Okay, that was easy. Um, uh, actually, I'm not that mad right now because I just noticed I'm getting a whole lot of new echo images and that makes me happy.
Uh, but my main F.U. goes to my toe, because it hurts bad.
I mean, it doesn't, it just, it hurts more with the, like, where they poke the needle in.
Because it's actually bruised, and if you touch it, it's really tender, and it's like, ugh.
Now, my toe looks really nasty, and it burns every now and then, so that's kind of bad.
But, you know, I should just have gone to the doctor earlier, and we wouldn't have this problem.
So that's, you know, a rule for everybody.
If you have a problem, don't wait it out, because you don't know, the doctor knows better than you do.
So just go to the doctor, take care of, and that's it.
And, um, other F.U. goes to Paranoia Eternal on Handsome Feet mode for breaking my lamp.
That wasn't my fault, that was purely DDR Extreme's fault for breaking the lamp.
And finally, um, I don't know, that's pretty much all I've got. Oh, um, oh yeah, fuck you to goddamn Jack in the Box for being fucking slow, because they burned the stupid chicken tenders. Stupid.
But that's all. I'm done.
F.U. to myself for not taking Monday off of work because after leaving on a two week trip I really should have taken the next couple days off.
So I could just relax and catch up with everything I missed.
But F.U. to being gone so long because I missed everybody and it was sad but I'm back now and everything's better.
We missed you too but our aim's improving.
I know, you're trying.
trying. FU to the mall where the DDR pad was broken, that kind of pissed me off. FU to
the same jack in the box because that was my chicken tenders they burned and had to
go back and do and they could have given us an update or something, but whatever. FU to
all these video games coming out all at once that I want to buy and not having enough money
to buy them all, but you know, I'll live. And I guess that's really it. I don't have
a whole lot of angst. I never do. I'm a nice person. Okay, maybe not, but I'm not feeling
very creative tonight, so deal with it. Oh, I thought I won. F you to the fact that my
flight got delayed leaving from Phoenix into California, into Sacramento, because we all
get on the plane and we're all sitting there and it's a full flight and it's just all packed
and I don't like all those people being so close to all those people to begin with, especially
when you're sitting next to somebody whose arm is all up in the armrest, and it feels
like they're invading your personal space and stuff. And, ugh, anyway, I don't like
that. And then being told that, oh, we're missing a part, we have to go change a part
on the plane, and then we're stuck there for like 20 minutes while they change a part.
Oh well, what can you do? Alright, let's get to some other FUs in studio. Let's start off
who's got a microphone somebody's got to have on oh god here he comes Jonas with
his F you sweetie two items or less I'll keep it as fast as fast as possible okay
I only give an F you to work we're not giving me we're not giving me some free
time I need to spend some time with my family I can't even keep getting like
five hours oh I mean five week five days a week first of all of school as well
All of us work and go to school.
I know that, but I have to take care of family as well. I gotta move, because I'm moving somewhere. I'm moving to another house.
F you to, F you to some asshole after borrowing a car for, without my permission to actually
change the fluids of the inside light.
You don't put fucking engine oil on to where the coolant is supposed to be at.
That ain't fucking cool.
My car fucked up there.
And FU for not being able to play DDR Extreme for the PS2, I'm hearing some pretty good
reviews towards it.
FU for Maximizer's desk being sucky as hell.
FU to RVGL for not fixing their goddamn pads, I wanted to try the AX2, I wasted a dollar
for nothing.
And not to mention some extra gas money
F you to
storytelling tax on the road
You guys and
People people people don't know what to do
When to quit so you think because throw a bunch of tax on the road
hahaha
And F you for dope people don't know parking and for double parking in the
the school area. We all have to park as well, not just one car hogging two lanes. And thanks
to that, I actually failed the damn midterm because of that. That was 30 minutes late
in class. And I just have to keep the FUs short. Might as well give it to someone else.
All right. Bradley. Bradley, you're FUs.
all right uh let's see uh fuck you to politics as usual
uh okay fuck you to lazy dumb shits at in parking lots to leave their there at grocery
stores that leave their fucking uh grocery carts out in the middle of the spaces
so fucking annoying you can come up to a space and say oh i can go park here oh no the dumb
Shit, put the fucking cards in the middle of the space.
Put it up in one of the meatiest little things, and it's not in the way, that's okay.
It's still annoying, you're a lazy ass for not taking it to the receptacle or back to the store.
But if it's in the way, it's a bitch.
Okay, let's see, what else?
Fuck you to being lazy after work and not really getting much done.
And, I think, and I'll give a fuck you to dial up for being slow, and that'd be part of the reason.
It takes forever to go read the live journal and check up on everything.
And, that's about it.
DDR Angel, your FUs of the Week.
Um, I'm feeling gummy worms from being addicting, dammit.
Because we can't stop eating them anyway.
Don't really have that many. I'm used to this week. I
Was getting all excited about Final Fantasy 11 until Andrew just
Text message me and said my video card might not like it. So after you do that, but maybe we'll get that fixed
Yeah
Yeah, maybe maybe maybe the benchmark I don't know
No, yeah the benchmark oh, yeah, we have that my
I hope to get that fixed tomorrow so I can play with the rest of the group.
I guess that's it. There's not really that much to-
Oh yeah, and I feed him my computer science teacher for getting our webpage project that was due like Friday.
He's like, oh, okay, I'll just bring it on Monday so you guys can do your presentation.
It's like, Dork, you're the one that said you were going to bring it in on Wednesday.
Well, whatever. Yeah, that's it.
All right, let's get to our chat room if use I gotta make this quick tonight if you sent a bunch
They're getting cut just to warn you dark lion f you to myself for giving sky the song Regulus over the clouds mix
I told you not to play it while I was in San Francisco two weeks ago. Sorry
It was fun
If you to J tap for being one of the most boring anime conventions I've ever attended
My only complaint is I didn't get to hang around with friends
I haven't seen for a long time even though I was staffing in the video department. I wish I could have gone
something came up I couldn't go I was originally planning
dark knight says my fu is one of extraordinary magnitude f you to the
local putt-putt in my hometown for taking away the only 2dx machine in
Richmond it's now the only beat mania we have now a second mix complete damn them
damn them all to Haiti Mandarin says f you to dumb Costco customers who don't
know how to put perishable shit back where it belongs but instead put some
frozen hamburger patties on the same aisle with aspirin.
shade23 says F you to my headset for being missing so I can't defend in the
groove. Hey, I said good things about it.
I said bad things about it too.
John Field said F you to spilling soda all over myself at dinner. F you to not enough
hours in the day. F you for not being able to go to Tokyo Game Show and get
PSM exclusive footage.
Sid says, F you to Utah for being a Bimani wasteland, F you to my hands for failing get-on-beat-wild style every time that I play it, F you to the samurai of the world for the suppression of the ninja clans.
Are they still around? I don't know.
And F you to my body for waking me up at 5am every day when I really need to get up at 7.
Siegert says, F you to the whiny-ass DDR freak people who complain that Extreme US is crappy because it doesn't cater there once. Get over it!
FU to those same people who blame Konami of America for EXUS's faults.
Try blaming the right company for once.
Oh!
FU to having Job ADD in Final Fantasy XI.
And finally, FU to the DS only coming out in the silver-black color.
I want some sort of blue.
Just wait. Pokmon Blue.
Zaku says FU to having to spend the better part of Friday cleaning out the shit called Spyware Attaware for my computer.
FU to Fox News Live for basically making DDR Freak Mod Frequency look like a fool when she asked them that she thought she was going to interview a nine-year-old and making DDR look like a fad instead of a serious weight loss tool.
We're actually going to get to that. We have like five minutes left in show, but I want to get to that.
Rychan says, FU to all the American brats acting like festival was made for them so they have every right to bitch about the preliminary song list. Another thing we didn't even get to.
F you to arcade manager for not doing anything to take care of our machine.
F you to Konami style for not making it easier to get ahold of the 2DX8 style limited edition.
Uhh...
DD Archaholic.
Uhh...
F you to my emerging pot belly.
F you to my old CD burner for deciding it doesn't want to burn discs anymore.
So I replaced your stupid head with the new DVD burner. Yay.
Rob, your new icon has a penis in it.
No it doesn't! I did not put a penis in the icon. You guys are just seeing things.
Oh, and F you to this insane beeping sound that keeps going off somewhere in my apartment
complex every five minutes and has been doing so for several days now.
Maybe longer because I only just recently noticed it and now it's fucking annoying because
it goes beep, beep, beep every five freaking minutes every day.
Lastly, Ninz says F you to myself for picking a hard to find topic for my research paper.
F you to my boss.
She has this wonderful idea if someone only works for two or three days a week, no matter
how many hours they work in those days, she doesn't pay you that week and rolls it into
next week.
I'm going to school now and can't work that much.
I need my damn money now!
An F.U. to the creepy guy that was following my friends and I at the movie theater last night.
Later came out from a friend working there that he had been there for hours talking to random people.
And he says he should have that Echo Image Never Ending Story remix in five minutes.
So, pass that along to us. We want it too.
Alright. We're done.
Ah, with the F.U.s.
Ah, one more kind of big story this week we've got to get to.
So, DDR made an appearance on Fair and Balanced, hahaha, Fox News this week, and we actually
got a picture, not a picture, I'm sorry, the clip of the interview here, I actually haven't
even watched this, well I watched it when it was live on air, but I haven't even seen
this other little clip of it yet, it says it's 25 minutes, that can't be right, there
we go, that's more like it, it's only about 3 minutes.
Alright, let's check this out, here is a little interview, and we're going to do, of course,
typical Orange Lounge fashion we will butt in and make comments whenever we
feel like it on the Fox News clip so here it is the audio version for those
of you guys who didn't get a chance to hear it wow and the audio level is very
shitty let me see what I can do about that let me see if I can open it up in
another program give me a minute you guys sorry about that this is what
happens when you try to play something when you haven't really explored the
file yet if worse comes to worse we know I save it for next week let's see what I
can do about turning up the volume here. Let's go into this. Let's try it this way. You can't
hear it. The audio sucks. Ah. The audio sucks. It's in MPEG. Okay, Loki's going to try blasting
it for you guys. It's on my desktop. You should be able to share it, right? Hold on, hold
one
or can i copy it over to your network
we're having technical difficulties everybody
are really well i'm a try putting it on location here which are one of the thing
here
this is i get for trying to do things on the fly are a minute drop it in right
there
let's see that
Alright, here we go. Loki's got it. We're going to try to pump up the volume. What?
Dance Revolution or DDR. Let's kids get their groove on and lose weight at the same time.
With us now, DDR product manager Jason Enos and Don D'Amato, member of a fan club called DDR Freaks.
Pause it. Pause it. Pause it. Obviously they did their research there.
the member of the DDR Freaks. Did you know that you're a moderator on DDR
Freaks?
That woman is a moron.
Alright, start it up again.
Jason, first why don't you explain to me what DDR is?
Well, Dance Dance Revolution is an interactive video game that combines
physical activity with energetic dance music.
It allows you to actually drop your
controllers and get up on a dance floor and actually move to the groove this is
not that much different than twister without the music now yeah a lot of
people have said it's like karaoke for your feet
how's it posit posit I don't know that anyone that's ever called a karaoke for
your feet has anyone ever heard karaoke for your feet I've heard the twister
thing I've heard Simon says I've heard spider stomp I don't know maybe I should
to ask Jason Enos. Hey, you know what, my preschool teacher, her name was Mrs. Enos,
so you know what, respect a little bit here. Pause.
You are part of the DDR freaks, and I just have to out you on your age. You're 21 years
old, you're not a six-year-old, seven-year-old. Pause it. Pause it. That was like the most
belittling comment there. I have to out you on your age. You're not six or seven. Because
I can't tell by the fact that this guy has facial hair, he's got a little goatee going
on him. He looks like he's a pretty well-built guy. He does look like, by looks alone here,
he does appear to be past puberty. So you don't have to remind us of the fact that he's
not six or seven. It is quite obvious he's past his teenage years here. God, lady. What?
I love these Fox facts that read along the bottom of the screen too. I'm going to read
these for you guys so those that didn't see it. Yeah, Jamie?
Remember, the average person is an idiot.
They have to explain these things.
And plus, I'm five years older than this guy.
Jamie's older than this guy.
Matt's older than this guy.
Bradley's older than this guy.
I think almost everybody in this room except maybe,
how old are you, Jonas?
Then everybody in this room except Jonas is older than this guy.
So when she kind of says that to him, I kind of get mad.
But of course, this is Fox News, and they're stupid anyway.
Anyway, I'm positive.
21, yeah.
You like this?
Yeah, you know what, I know people who are 14 years old and I know people who are 40
years old, they're all playing the game, they all love the game, for whatever reason, either
it's exercise or even competition.
Yeah, so since this story has kind of a serious angle, we're talking about obesity in kids,
tell me about the losing weight part, does it really make you work up the sweat?
Pause it.
I want to point out at this moment they're showing people dancing on the
game wearing these kind of like aerobic looking things so let me get this
straight let me get this straight Don when I move I'm gonna work up a sweat is
that what you're telling me? Unpause it.
It makes me work a sweat. It's really, you know, songs can run you, you know, at a very slow pace or could even run you at a very high pace.
Songs can run up to 300 BPM and, you know, a regular song on the radio can only go to about maybe 120.
Positive. Okay, obviously they did not prep him with the questions there. I mean, you know, no offense to that guy.
But songs on the radio only go up to 130 BPM? I don't know so much about that.
about that but anyway I it is obvious that they did not let him know what the
questions would be in advance so you know he's probably because if it were to
go over that you know just your chaos would be bro ah too fast too fast can't
drive too fast just like nuclear bombs that go off the you know it's just the
world erupt into pure anarchy yeah all right I'm positive these songs can end
up being about three times as fast and moving around three times as fast as any, you know,
normal buddy movies.
And is this something like, I know like EverQuest and other games like that people do for hours
and hours, is this something that kids can...
You can.
You can find yourself saying just one more...
I just like, I would like to point out, lady, you can do anything for hours and hours.
You could play DDR, you could play EverQuest, you could masturbate for hours and hours if
you wanted to.
could, um, plot to murder Fox News reporters for hours and hours. I'm kidding. Um, pause
it.
Song. Just one more song. I'll be right, you know, I'll be right there. I'll be right,
you know, and, uh, it's just, it gets your entire body into it. You don't even pay attention
to yourself.
Pause it. Pause it. Yeah, also, they had to show your token Asian playing DDR there. But
I want to point out, I love how she had to compare it to EverQuest.
Excuse me?
So, does this game get you addicted and then you want to murder people like EverQuest does?
Do you think that your friends are orcs?
I want to put my score on eBay and sell it.
Okay, now wait a minute. That's not such a stretch because we all know that there are certain individuals that put their shoes on eBay and some idiot out there is dumb enough to buy it.
I don't know anyone who's done that.
You know, losing weight or having fun, you know, playing the game, just, you know, listening to music.
I might add that the terror alert was elevated at the time. Shut up.
Hey Jason, it sounds like you should be marketing this to adults. How much does this game cost?
Pause it. Pause it.
That is the funniest capture of him, by the way.
There are so many places you could go with this statement. It sounds like a game you should be marketing towards adults.
And why are we all on the Fox News Channel right now? Because I know so many children that watch the station.
And if you do know any children that watch Fox News Channel, they are being poisoned!
Turn them away! Make them watch Spongebob!
Well actually, good timing that you mentioned that. We just brought out our latest game, which is...
Pause it. Totally great.
I love the fact that Jason just happened why it's so funny. You should ask
I just happen to have the game right here in my hand. I'm so glad you asked see obviously he was prepped on his questions
But that's all right anyway
I'm positive stance Revolution extreme for the PlayStation 2 you can get the game to suggest a retail of $39.99
We also have a version that comes with the dance pad so you can get started right away for $59.99. Oh
Oh well, I'm going to have to ask our promo department if we've got any downstairs.
Pause it.
In other words, I'm too cheap to buy one myself.
Give me one for free, Jason, please.
I think we need to write a letter to them.
Please don't report on DDR, I guess.
Please don't report on anything.
Let us.
Fox News Channel is a horrible station. Anyway, pause it.
Thank you so much, Jason Enos and Don.
Enos!
Enos!
Let me talk about pronunciation here.
Does it look like there's an I?
Does it look like there's an E?
It's a fucking O. Enos!
It would even be, if you mispronounced it,
it would be like, you know, pot or something.
It'd be Enos, not Enus.
Enos, Enos, not Enus.
Might as well just call him Jason the Penis Man.
I mean, seriously, that's what you're fucking stupid.
learn to pronounce shit
well thank you mister enos and the little six-year-old from DDR freaks thank
you so much
I'm pausing
Don D'Amato, thank you very much
Greg? Thank you, Derek. Wait, wait, wait
that guy has such a porn star name too
Don D'Amato? That's kind of a porn star name, don't you think?
all right
can you uh... can you play the clip one more time
Cause I really quickly want to read for you guys the Fox facts
that scroll across the bottom of the screen. Pause it real fast before it starts. Because
not only do you have the little thing that rolls along the bottom of the screen,
but you have the little thing at the bottom with your facts, fast facts in it
and then everything else is going on. This is television for ADD. Yes, I realize we're
running over. I don't care.
Here's the fact number one.
Dancing video game can help kids lose weight.
or DDR, let's kids get their groove on and lose weight at the same time.
With us now, DDR product manager, Jason Enos and Don D'Amato,
member of a fan club called DDR Freaks, welcome both of you.
Thank you.
Jason, first why don't you explain to me what DDR is?
Well, Dance Science Revolution is an interactive...
Come on, get to the facts, I know the word. Oh, here we go.
Jason Enos, CDR project manager, we all know that.
we all know that. Enos has helped design numerous video games. Imagine that. He works for Konami
and he has helped design numerous video games. I never would have thought. 15% of American
kids are overweight or obese.
Okay, now that's a fact.
I'd like to add that Mel B was in this video.
I would be embarrassed to be on the station, but anyway.
Pause it.
Another 15% of kids are at risk of becoming overweight.
They are one Snickers bar away from DOOM!
Put that kid on Atkins right now!
Now the risk of them becoming overweight, is that meaning that they're at risk of the
overweight person eating them?
So therefore they are becoming part of the overweight person?
Whatever.
Anyways, back to it.
So Don, you are part of the DDR Freaks, and I just-
Pause it.
I can't resist.
Listen to how she's talking down to him.
So Don, you're part of the DDR Freaks.
you're not nine years old so we got to finish
unpause it over nine million American kids are overweight or obese so they've
taken that 15% and now they just blame for that mommy and daddy yeah I know I
know I'm 21 yeah yeah you know what I know people who are for and then his
course is named on the amato porn star and DDR freaks member teen years old I
I know people who are four years old- And it says DDR Freaks member.
I'm a gay and they all love the game.
D'Mato has played Dance Dance Revolution for years.
For whatever reason he-
Over ten percent of children aged two to five are overweight.
Because you so should get your two year old into DDR.
Two year olds aren't- yeah, those are the people that are fucking putting those stupid kids on the pads.
I want my fat bitch to get you!
Less fat, and less bitchy.
There's exercise or even competition.
Yeah, so since this story has kind of a serious angle, we're talking about obesity in kids,
tell me about the losing weight part.
Does it really make you work up a sweat?
It makes me work up a sweat.
It's really, you know, solid.
Kids need 60 minutes of activity a day for their health.
So kids start having sex early because you get 60 minutes of it every day.
can run you, you know, at a very slow pace. Approximately one half of kids do vigorous
physical activity regularly. Yes, I would like to readjust that number to about 99 percent
of teenagers who masturbate frequently. What arcade is that? I have no idea what arcade
it is. Does it look familiar to you or something? No. It could even run you at a very high pace.
Songs can run up to 300 BPM and, you know, a regular song on the radio can only go to
to about maybe 120. So maybe songs can end up being about three times as fast and moving
around three times as fast as any, you know, normal buddy.
And is this something like, I know like, EverQuest and...
Approximately one quarter of kids report no vigorous physical activity.
And the other one is more of the lying.
And the other... And that quarter would be the liars. No, I'm kidding. Anyway.
It means like that people do for hours and hours. Is this something that kids...
You can. You can find your...
That would be funny because if they muted out that it was about DDR.
So this is something you could do for hours and hours. You can! You can!
Oh, sorry. A quarter of U.S. kids spend four or more hours a day
watching TV. Could part of that four hours be watching TV
to, you know, see the arrows that are going up the screen to play the game?
I think they mean by actually watching television programming. Whatever.
Yourself saying, just one more song. Just one more song. I'll be right...
Just one more drink.
It gets your entire body into it, and you don't even pay attention to yourself
losing weight or having fun playing the game, just listening to music and dancing.
Hey, Jason, it sounds like you should be marketing this to adults. How much does this game cost?
No shit.
Actually, it's good timing that you eventually...
Pause it, pause it, pause it. Can you sense it a little bit in his reaction?
Can you sense it just a little bit in his reaction? He's just kind of like, no shit, lady.
lady what do you think I'm doing on your piece of shit television station I think
so I see it a little bit I'm not gonna say that's what he meant to say but we
just brought out our latest the next time I see him hopefully d3 is here I'm
gonna ask don't you think you should be marketing this game for adults see if he
gets the joke I'll so give you a dollar for that dance dance revolution extreme
for the PlayStation 2 you can get the fast facts went away so that we can see
We also have a version that comes with the dance pad so you can get started right away for $59.99.
Oh, wow. I'm going to have to ask our promo department if we've got...
Same one.
How many downstairs? That looks kind of good. Thank you so much, Jason Enos and Don DeMotto. Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Greg?
Thank you, Derek.
And that's what we're here for.
Look at this. Our longest show ever, thanks to that little clip.
I need to go home.
You know what, it needed to be made fun of, though.
Oh, I know.
With all respect to Don and Jason for being good sports with that interview,
we just had to, I'll take any chance I can to make fun of Fox News.
Anyway, let's move on with our final thoughts.
We're going to wrap up this show.
We'll start off with our guests.
Start off with Jonas.
Jason Ennis.
Angel.
Um, I don't know. All I can think of is Final Fantasy level. Please kill me.
Addict. And, uh, we're out Katie in 42.
Last week is a tip, yay! Finally. Yay.
My thought is, we didn't even get through all of this week's news. That's how crazy of a week it was.
Why is it that the Bamani news always is like, all of a sudden it's all in one week?
We'll just have to carry it over to next week. We'll see.
And, uh, tune into our other shows too, please. Thanks.
And in this corner, weighing 250 pounds, the Raging Fury, Enos the Penis!
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
My intestines hurt. Damn carbs.
Alright, and uh...
Oh, I have one more thing.
What?
The only person you have to blame is yourself.
okay we're all gonna do the final word together today I'm gonna say it once for
everybody you should see this coming all right here it is here's tonight's final
word ready well I got to get it queued up so we got the music ready to go here
ready one two three Enus that does it for another episode of Orange Lounge
radio live orange lounge radio live is an orange lounge radio production for
more information about our station visit our website at www.orange lounge radio
.com and now here is your fortune cookie message of the day so dangerous so
dangerous. He fights the law, but he also fights the crime, but not as much
dangerousque. With Ronaldo at his side, he'll have Ronaldo at his side, dangerousque.
He's got some Chinese stars, and he keeps them under the bed with a leg to pipe,
dangerousque. That guy is dangerousque!
The mighty oak has fallen If blueberries have caused me anything
We'll get a girl
Stick it to the man, stick it to the man Cool glasses, cool glasses
Stick it to the man, stick it to the man Cool, cool glasses
He works alone, except for when he works with Ronaldo, which is all the time dangerous.
He's a private eye, a crooked cop, secret agent, and a celebrity pharmacist, dangerous.
That guy is dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous.
Or did I?
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
orange lounge radio the afterbirth the part after the credits of course we've
already given you given you an extra bonus 10 minutes tonight so you know you
should be thankful for that I know you gotta get home Jamie
Jonas is leaving our listeners are all leaving too so you know it's
gonna be short but actually I definitely want to play this for you guys because I
just got it and we've been talking about it a little bit before earlier so you
know I've got to play this for you guys now that we've got it thank you Ninst
for passing this along but we did manage to get that echo image never-ending story
what is this the never-ending story fantasy remix or what is that
Fantasia mix so we don't know if this is the actual never-ending story
Okay, but it has Never Any Story and Fantasia. I mean, that's kinda not really a...
And it's Echo Image. How can you go wrong with this, no matter what it is?
So let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
let's see
Okay, here we go.
Turn around, look at what you see In your face, the mirror of your dreams
We are not here, hidden in the light
Written on the pages
It's the agenda to another invasion
Hurry up!
Reach the stars, fly up on the sea Dream the dream, and watch as he will read
Keep your secret, we'll fall behind the clouds
The yellow moon, the rainbow
Is the answer to a never ending show
It's all the way around
It's all the way around
Shower in my bed, the shame may fade away And I'm dry, the blood will run you dry
And once you keep those weak ends, they'll fall behind the clouds
And then along the rainbow is the answer to your never-ending story
Never let you go away
Never let you go away
Never let you go away
Echo image there who we've all fallen in love with recently with a kick ass version of Never
any story. Wow. As I told Seagurd in private message, we've been having a little bit of
a private message chat going back and forth, I want to have sex with that song. Down right.
That song is everything that I imagined it would be. Oh, that was so hot. It's so unbelievably
hot. I loved it. Which is why I had to download the rest of it. God damn it, why couldn't
you have put that in Caged Mesh. As much as I love Come Back, that would have been a much
better song. I know. I did download, what did I get earlier? I need to get that off
your computer to that song I did download the icon of coil remix of skull
like a little bit of that the icon of coal coil it's another like a little
clip it's another in the middle oh we kill our speakers there why don't you
I forgot I turned it up for the...
Way to go, genius.
They're an industrial band, by the way.
Wow.
Alright, stop it.
Wow.
I swear to God, I'm gonna start like an echo image.
fansite on orsonsradio.com. I just, God, they are so good. Notes said, and I just noticed
this, now I don't know about this because I was looking at their discography, they only
have one album. I know. It's because people don't know it. One album. I'm spreading the
word. Don't download this shit. Go buy the album, you won't regret it. I swear you won't.
And as soon as I can find a copy of the album, I'm going to buy it legitimately too, I swear.
I'm going to order it on Amazon.
I know to god that they, what they really need to do, and I'm really saying, cause I'm
going to need to do this, they need to gather all these artists on this label here, this,
um, I forget what it's called now, but anyways, gather all the artists, throw a concert.
Just even like two cities or something.
I know it's, I know it's expensive to throw a concert, but these are like artists that
no one's ever heard of.
Maybe you get the label to come on, you know, chip in a little bit of money, you know, or
even just one concert, I mean, something like that, and promote DDR that way.
have a concert you have these artists that no one's ever listened to they
become fans you grow a fan base and then you can use them again use I mean all
All these other songs that Echo Image has done definitely could be used in DDR, so...
