Oh, the sweet child saves me
And so long that confines me
Confines me
Yesterday, back and forth, broken doors no longer open
Breaking down, even now, love is gonna ruin those days
Not again, not again, not again
A dream I can't awake
What is real, what is real, what is real
It's cutting hard for me to take
What I need, what I need, what I need
A little bit of the night
And the white sugar's in the eyes
Oh, the sweet sugar saves me
Heckle when they confide in me
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
Yes, that's right. Here we are. We are live.
And this is episode number 110 for this
September the 5th of 2004. Welcome to
Orange Lounge Radio season number 12345.
Who, you know what, I thought we would have been canceled by now. I don't know about the rest of you guys.
That's because we don't have to bow down and kiss the ass
of the FCC. We only have to kiss Konami's ass. So that's basically just
just one company
a lot smaller
uh... anyway
joining me as always uh... my name's guy robert yeah
joining me as always on my awesome co-hosts uh... this quarter the
happiest money on the farm say hello to
dark sacra
i'm full of meat and well happy
you're enjoying your meat
i enjoyed my
miss jamie summers loves her meat
the ice cream comes next
who gave her her meat that's what i want to know
i paid for my meat
also joining i don't know where it came from also joining us that your other
co-host of the tech massa
with a humongous internet penis
say hello to loki
i'm so disorganized today i can't find my other paper
uh... also joining us tonight we have plenty of special guests say hello to
the one and only floatwalk
bagels anybody
oh you you might know him under another name if you've listened to this show long
that for if you've ever watched a freestyle video in your life. Also joining us, say hello
to DDR Angel. I have pizza, does anyone want one? Or some? Or... No, that's okay, that's
for the rest of the studio. So, um, here, how about like a virtual slice of pizza? Alright.
Maybe a little bit later, we'll get some pizza. Sure, and I have a special surprise for Loki
tonight ah very cool okay hold on also joining us is say hello to sharks girl
so I just have one question where is Rayquan's cuties I miss that movie it's
somewhere around here we have to go find Rayquan's cuties that's the best movie
ever.
Alright, we've got a big show for you guys tonight.
I know a lot of you guys have had bagels on your mind all week and we will be spreading
the news about what the latest clue is all about.
We're not going to, I've got to clarify something though.
We're not blatantly giving you the song, we're just giving you a little kick in the ass.
Give me a little kick in the ass to get you charged up and figure out what that song is
all about.
All this and plenty of Bomani news, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, Ask Orange Lounge,
and all that crap you've loved for the past four seasons.
When we come back from this break, featuring songs from Popin' Music 11, Woot, in this
break we're going to hear a Sana song called Space Dog, Megumi with Frost, and a little
bit of Hong Kong magic from Yamato.
We'll be right back.
A day ago, on a space door, to the next room in order stop.
Can you hear me on a space door? The earth is shining through.
A day ago, on a space door, to seek my mother goodnight now.
I remember the time, when I was born
You were searching to me, in the games that made me glad
One day he told to me
I'll go home, you will get to see
And let us go, he's my friend
Never mind, you'll be born and born
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Can you believe in me?
I'm glad you're up
You're gonna be lucky
Under the light
And the reason I'm sad
Is to leave you for a long time
Don't care on me
I'm glad you're up
I'm gonna be lucky
Under the sun
I
I'm not another phone
T-O, L-A-V-D-E-T O-T-I
M-A-O-P-O-N-O-T-I-M-O-T-I-T-I-T-E
Don't get me!
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF.
And for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend, Melody, can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Gee, that guy sounds awfully familiar.
I...
Honestly, that was.
He sounds like somebody I've heard from very recently.
He sounds very, very familiar to me.
How you doing, Flow-Walk?
walk? Oh man, it's been pretty busy lately and I have no idea who the hell you're
talking about from that promo. Yeah, the answer is hazy. I don't know
what's going on. Anyway, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Here we are in our
110th episode. Way up there. Who thought we'd be doing this shit after two and a
half years, but here we are still going. And you can join our chatroom www.orangeloungeradio.com
lounge radio.com and click on chat and you can interact with the chat room
there and Jamie is chatting with our listeners there having a grand old time
and she she's having to put the smack down when necessary as well because she
don't tolerate no flaming except you know gay kind of flaming that's okay but
like flaming anyway yes no being a poopy head on Jamie's watch also we have the
skype line which we will certainly open up a little bit later in the show
www.orangelauntrado.com and click on interact with us and you can find out
all about the skype line whoo anyway we're gonna start off tonight show us we
do every week show playing a little bit of how was your week how was your day
and starting us off as always our lovely our own dark Sakura I worked and I went
to SKU, and then something that I'm sure Melody will expand on as well.
Interview. We got interviewed for a magazine. For a Lifetime magazine. Like
Lifetime TV for women? I guess so. For the fitness benefits of DDR.
So, coming up next on Lifetime, Sally Field stars in My Burning Vagina, a story about
a woman overcoming her vaginal difficulties in that time of the month.
Also coming up, Sharks Girl and Dark Sakura, interviewed about DDR.
Did you hear how DDR helped them overcome their burning vaginas?
God I love this show.
We jumped the shark like when?
Like episode 2?
Episode 2.
Because I wasn't here.
That set the pace.
going on vacation for two weeks like bye y'all I'm going to Alabama anyway um so
uh my week has been kinda kind of okay um I just hung out did stuff went to
school spent a lot of time at school did homework because I still have no
air-conditioning that's coming up in the FUs of the week and that's really by the
By the way, as a reminder, Orensons Radio is based in the Sacramento Valley, where we
get temperatures of 110 degrees in the summertime.
Yeah, and if you don't have AC, it sucks!
And if you don't have AC in your car, it sucks even more, because I could have just escaped
to my car.
Dan's like, summer's almost over, we don't have to get AC for your car now.
As my mother said, you use the old, uh, as my mother said, you use the old, uh, two and
seventy trick.
You roll down two windows and drive seventy miles an hour.
You know what? That would work if one of my windows would roll down.
You's in the ghetto.
Dude, no, it's not. I don't know what it is, but after my car got raped it hasn't been the same.
Your car got raped?
My car got raped, remember?
Did it have a burning vagina afterwards?
It got raped in the side.
Oh, okay.
Remember when they broke into my...
Oh my God, it got raped in the ear?
Yeah.
Amazing.
I guess they didn't think my car...
well they did get they did you know get in the rear end to you know much was all
empty your car got it in the rear dude my car was all fucked up at least it has
the back window now okay okay anyway I'm laughing at the chat room yeah I'm
playing mommy in the chat room cuz you're just a stupid fucker in there
earlier who is being an asshole to everybody so now he doesn't get to play
with us anymore and that made me feel good because I feel good when I do my
job and when you were young did you used to ban children from the playground is
that no I just beat them with sticks okay and through the you know made you
know played tetherball with them and then aimed the tetherball at them okay
I play well with others when they're the target all right I'm done moving on
DDR angel how was your week how was your day well let's see you better have a
mike nearby because you may laugh at this
i found out
uh... i mean
what uh...
okay i found out that there is a haunted house by my old house that i used to live at that
i just moved away from
no it's not the fort but you know what
i was gonna blame it on loki's little uh...
portal from hell but i can't because it's not even built yet
and then
after i found out about the house
uh...
I found out that two days ago it miraculously burned down without affecting any of the vegetation
around it or the tree, or the oak tree that was right next to it.
I see burning as a running theme on tonight's show.
Apparently.
Was it someone's vagina that...
Ah, da, da, da.
Ah, da, da.
Okay, okay, enough.
Let the joke die.
Step away from the joke.
Speaking of joke, should I reveal it now or later?
I think we need to do Loki's present now.
Okay.
uh... embarrass them now
okay come on though he good you know what you're going to have a mic in my
hand and i'm just going to do it the whole i'm just going to talk the whole
time yeah
by bringing up the next week
i don't care about the president of the union and i like it when i get presents
really doesn't make my birthday last longer
though he's going to open the gift and uh... let's see i need some good
gift opening music here if i can find something
and you have to promise that i did
to take a picture of it afterwards
that's all
and uh... i will give the picture up to orange on three dot com to post it
he's opening the gift
he is opening the gift and mind you this is a joke
upon all jokes
i thought it was really cool
hopefully he likes it
it must go on the webcam oh my other side
it's a little baby
yes it is but what does the baby what is the baby holding
did it drop something i think it dropped something
besides the card
i had a little help with the artwork but uh...
for those uh... listening at home loki has been given an iraqi suicide baby for
his birthday
for those of you who have been listening about fifty episodes ago you'll get that inside joke
at the bed and then i went ahead and then it's a bad and i don't think it's
one that you know
burnt to the ground but i had to bring it yet
okay anything
i thought it was cool
i'll be like that
anything on the webcam now
it
He broke the webcam! For five seconds!
Alright, moving on.
Angel, is there anything else you want to talk about with your week?
Not that I can think of at the moment. I will probably get the mic later.
Then let's speak to Mr. Floatwalk. How was your week? How was your day?
Ah, the week. Well, anyone who knows what I do, it's just been non-stop work for this whole week
So many things getting ready to ship out, you know for this Christmas season
So, you know, I heard a rumor you work for some game company. Yeah who to thunk it
Let's see, but the cool things about that my match to steal myself some good swag during the week got some Silent Hill four posters
so
No, it was given I asked and I took
took. It's a cool thing to go into their boiler room and see all the promo stuff from every
game that's ever been made and like posters, boxes, all that. It's pretty neat. And I saw
about 500 extreme vrares. Ooh. Can I visit Konami and borrow things? Well, you do know
me. You know, I mean, my name doesn't have a lot of clout out there. Just don't turn
into a name dropper. You know, that's not bad. I won't. I'm not like a particular pool
ball anyway i'm sorry sorry but yeah the other stuff in the week um actually went to a concert
on friday night went to go see uh kanye west and usher in concert and uh that was it was
a pretty it was a pretty happening event but uh i must say there was it was pretty entertaining
just to see the crowd right on idea what kind of crowd did they have in an usher concert
i'm curious well everything you expect every girl from like 12 to 35 you know just chicks
everywhere. Did Usher take his shirt off at some point during the concert?
Oh, you can tell. You didn't even have to see the stage. You just heard, like, the loudest
screaming you've ever heard. Imagine, like, 20,000 banshees going wild on them. That was
just real. I mean, it's funny to see just how girls react over just one guy on stage.
I mean, one of the funniest stories about that, I mean, I have, like, so many stories
about that concert alone, but probably the funniest one was, there was one scene, one
part like in the middle of the show where he's doing a ballad so normally
what any you know singer does he grabs some like lucky woman off the stage it
he's gonna serenade her so he looks around and he points out this one gal in
the crowd and when you see this gal like the spotlights going on there she's like
totally freaking out she's you know I you just look at her face because they
put the you know camera on the projection screen and I can say from the
time she got picked to the time she got offstage you did not see her smile once
She was too busy totally like freaking out making the sad face like
Like maybe her vagina was but never mind
Doesn't I sure have a song called burn
Yes as a matter of fact
Funny no, but um so like what they do is when the dancers like they spot this girl the dancers escort her out on stage
But she's not on stage yet
They put her on just like velvet couches sort sort when you see her on the couch
She's like absolutely shaking like a leaf just like
And it's funny I'm just seeing her thinking like the imagery of this girl like on a you know velvet bed or whatever shaking
I'm thinking man. I ain't seen that since prom night, man
Seriously, but it's like cuz now you see usher get up on stage, and he's like walking slowly taking his time
He gets up there
You know he's got like a bouquet of flowers for her and you could like when the camera zooms in on her you can see
Her face. She's like mouthing. I love you to her you know to him, which is pretty standard any family do that
yeah I know I would okay and then so finally like just somewhere around the
part where you know you talk about you know I'll get down with you and all that
kind of where you're singing that I swear to God I'll put $20 on this you
could ask Mike no you can ask little B who saw this I swear she mouth the words
I'll let you fuck me I was just like damn I mean there's just some whores in
this world I guess I mean I know if it's an Oscar concert a girl says it to a guy
He's flattered. I don't know if Beyonce pulled me on stage and I pulled that I'd be out in cuffs in like three seconds
So I just found that kind of curious, but overall it was pretty fun. And then um, yeah today it's just been
Coming up from the bay up to SACTO and hanging out with you guys then the funds only just begun. That's right
We always appreciate when you come and hang out because it's always a good excuse to go have Mongolian barbecue as well always
And before I pass the mic just want to say what's up to the chat room, especially up to you Sigurd and Kyle
Word.
Yeah, I was gonna say, Sigurd is getting there, he's very antsy in our chat room because he
thinks you're ignoring him, when in reality, you couldn't see the chat room because we
were playing with a webcam.
So the chat room was down for a little bit, but he's like, Mel doesn't love me, meh meh
meh, my vagina's pretty heavy.
I got mad loves for you.
And even though my new office mate is still psycho, I still hold a little place in my
heart for you.
And I still have a Silent Hill 4 poster if you come back, if I gotta bribe you, I'll
bribe you, man.
How's your tip jar doing?
Uh, we are over thirty dollars.
Where the hell's all this money coming from?
Okay, well, I explained it a little earlier in the DDR Freakboards, but the short of it was essentially
Me and Sigurd, we used to have a bunch of stuff in our cube, like, if you saw the first montage we ever did, we had, like, red vines, we had, like, granola bars and all that stuff
And so our boss came-
The clue? Clue?
Yeah, clues, quote.
Did you, I actually, I wanted to ask you real fast, fast, did you want to issue like a formal apology to the users of DDR Freak for what you did?
I will say this, you guys totally assumed it was a clue, I only said which of these would you like to have right about now.
I didn't mean to lead you on, you led yourselves, as your own damn fault.
I was gonna tell you not to apologize, but.
Yeah, as your own damn fault.
I tried to say about the inkblot thing, but nobody listens to Scott.
I know, man. You're the third eye of, you know, DDR Freakup in this piece.
That's alright.
But, um, oh gosh, where was I at? Yeah, so, the story was, we had a bunch of stuff, and then our boss came in one day on a Friday afternoon.
And saw that we had a bunch of granola bars, and so he just kind of walked up to us, not saying a word, grabbed about three granola bars, dropped a dollar on the table and just walked off.
We were like, what the hell did he just do? And then, you know, we were just thinking for the rest of the day, wow, that was kind of freaky.
And he comes back to us later and tells us, well, he was doing interviews like all day for people, you know, coming to Konami,
and he just didn't have time to go on a lunch break, and so he figured, well, hey, the testers have food.
So he just grabbed some from us and dropped the dollar as, you know, just payment for, you know, well, I don't want to feel like I'm mooching.
And then just people started picking up on it, and then what started out as like $1.82 came into $30.
I know, I single-handedly put $2.50 in that jar.
Yes you did, and Sharks Girl put in her tip as well, and she don't even work there, so just the fact that people are-
What exactly is she tipping? Never mind, never mind.
Hint, it's not a burning you-know-what.
No comment.
But yeah, that is a week in the life of moi.
Alright. Sounds good.
Sharks Girl.
Hi.
Hello, long time no see. Since like, what, a couple weeks ago on the great mini golfing
expedition? Oh, that was beautiful. That was beautiful. The night we weren't allowed to
go to the Konami dinner, we were excommunicated from the dinner, so we had to go miniature
golfing at Miggle. Although I have to say, Mel and I went miniature golfing in Santa
Cruz last week, and I beat him by one. Good job. Pretty freaking proud of myself. Although
So I would like to remind you that I did school you at Miggle.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever bitch.
Alright.
I was just letting you win.
Oh, oh, I see.
Oh, she let me win.
Did you guys hear that?
She let me win.
Yeah, them's fighting words, huh?
Uh-huh.
Alright, so what else did you do this week?
Anything exciting?
I, I worked, which is more so suited for the FUs of the week, and then I woke up yesterday
thinking I'm going to have a wonderful Saturday and realize I cannot turn my head to the right
or the left.
Oh no.
So, my neck's been kind of sucks-ore and it still hurts, that's why I let Mel drive up
here.
Yeah, I've just been kind of like, hmm, yay, pain.
Back medicines are your friend, although they make me sleep.
So I've just been kind of really out of it, even for me.
Mmm, cry.
So I'll go back to work and I'll have an excuse for being a bitch.
Any shout-outs or anything you want to plug while you're here?
I am now addicted to Mario vs. Donkey Kong.
That was a game I could not get into for some reason, I just...
I just played it for five minutes, I'm like, I must buy this game.
I don't know why, I just didn't...
Mario vs. Donkey Kong.
Oh, she's gonna be the Game Boy again.
Yeah, except Mel just dropped it.
Angel comes prepared.
That's right.
Anything else you want to share?
no i'm boring
no you know you know boring
i'm boring okay i have to pull the joke now if i didn't have this show i would be like
the most boring man in the world yeah angel
okay i must pull the joke now do you realize you have all three males on the
couch
well that's a good point
yeah but people don't know your real name you just gave it away angel
hey hey hey it's only the first three letters they can guess the rest
no nobody start guessing uh...
let's see uh... yeah i'm mel
No, I'm not.
No, he's float, walk, remember?
Float, walk.
Yeah, see?
Loki, how was your week?
How was your day?
My day would have been better if my shit didn't crap out on me.
Shit crap?
You didn't want my shit crapped.
No, I'm talking very vague.
I mean, I'm talking about the little board
that I had for my cabinet.
Not necessarily a main one, because I
didn't play with that today.
My smaller one that I was using from MAME before, but it's now being used for everything else,
crapped out, and I don't know why.
It might have something to do with my shitty soldering job to fix it.
I mean, that might have something to do with it.
So I have to get a new one. That sucks.
But at least it'll be nice and brand new.
Thing is, I had- well, we did get to play a little bit of DDR today.
I had it set up so we could play, and it was pretty.
And my pads worked really well, but they're loud still, so that sucked.
Then yesterday we went to play Qsar, and that rocked because of course I kicked ass anyways.
I kicked ass without even effort. Without effort.
I was actually spinning around on my ass in the middle of the arena shooting people.
Behind my back, all that kind of cool stuff.
Because I rock.
Anyways, and then, um, I tried playing DDR on doubles and stuff at the arcade, and I realized I have no more, um, endurance anymore. It's just gone.
So, um, yeah, I felt like I was gonna die. And, um, yeah, my feet hurt a lot from all the walking from playing QZR. That kinda sucked, too.
And since the girlfriend and sister aren't here, the thing that I thought was haunted is not haunted. I wasted my money. I'm an idiot.
That's all we need to know. And that sucked.
For those who were listening Wednesday, I bought a haunted doll off the internet, supposedly.
But, you know, whatever, it wasn't. So that sucked. And I hate it.
Ooh, food!
Aww. No food.
And a new guest.
Um, but anyways, yeah, so that was that.
And, uh, for that. But, um...
Oh, and I made a CD. My CD for my remixes and stuff.
And, um, yeah.
That's pretty much all that I did this week, I think.
Oh, and La Final Fantasy.
And Logie will be giving away copies of his CD to some of our in-studio guests tonight.
exciting. Alright. Who else wants to play How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day? Jonas,
hello, thank you for joining us. Hey, what's up y'all? How Was Your Week, How Was Your
Day? Uh, the ups and downs. The ups was the tournament being okay, giving St. Kennedy
a good time. Oh, I completely forgot about that. Yeah! There was that little, there was
a tournament that went on over down at Scandia on Tuesday night here locally. Now, who the
hell holds a DER tournament on a Tuesday I have no idea it's their first time I've
actually talked to them no it's not because we did like two tournaments there
but it's no I mean the actual organizer itself all right whatever but it was
like a back-to-school bash type thing and they were given away a trophy as a
grand prize and I happen to know the guy that won it was actually toady if you
were listening on the urine show he was here for that yeah excuse me
Uh, Mel wanted to share something about the tournament? I mean, float?
I'm just saying, if it was... whatever...
If it was a back-to-school tournament, why wouldn't they give away some cool prizes like some trapper keepers or like...
Yeah! DDR trapper keepers!
If it was a back-to-school tournament, why were they holding it on a school night?
No, no, no, no, the trapper keeper is bad news. I mean, we saw South Park, we know what can happen with trapper keepers.
Maybe they could give away... butterfly binders!
I was actually surprised at the turnout for a Tuesday night, I really was, but a bunch
of people I didn't know, and it was interesting.
Yeah, new faces I didn't even know as well, so.
So was the money raised from this thing to go towards making their marquee look non-ghetto?
Because their marquee is pretty crap, I mean, it looked like, you know, I'm gonna glue stuff
to a piece of wood, and it will be our marquee.
Well, they're using the money to actually build the actual scandia place, like the
paths would be better, the speakers...
Maybe they cannot spend it on more skee-ball machines.
My god, they have like eight skee-ball machines in there in the
shooting gallery. Maybe they can use it to dismantle the damn
shooting gallery.
A shooting gallery is fun to annoy people. Dude, the shooting gallery sucks.
You know, my whole reason for going to Scandia, you know, had, had, you know, DVD drive failure, so...
They're sending it to Reno.
It's gone.
They sent it to Reno.
Damn it!
Damn it!
Alright, so we had the little tournament. I dropped in for about 45 minutes, and I was pissed off because they weren't doing freestyle, and I was going to do an exhibition freestyle.
Dr. Dick was going to come out and do Sexy Planet, but I got denied.
And I had my hoes and everything, and I had my uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh part all figured out.
Denied.
Stupid Scandia. I am a total dance attention whore when it comes to freestyle tournaments.
I can't wait for Spiggle 3, that's all I have to say.
They actually gave me some news towards the skit house that they're gonna do tournaments and stuff for Scandia.
They're thinking about doing it every month.
Yeah, I know, exactly.
The over-saturation's calling.
Anyway, anything else interesting happen to you this week?
I got a lot of contact from someone who has organized like Madden tournaments and various other video game tournaments.
The theme will get into the DDR scene as well.
Oh, okay.
Because you know DDR and Madden so much alike.
Yeah.
No, I'm teasing, but that's cool.
There's a tournament of Madden and Tuesday and Steve's Place Pizza in the marketplace.
There's been kind of an over I mean I'm sorry there's been a lack actually of like really like big
Tournaments lately in the past few months like big tournaments there
Haven't been a whole lot, but I kind of fear that this December is looking to be almost a little oversaturated
I mean I've heard of a lot of different things going on so just just be careful check out the calendar
We all know everybody's everybody that has an eye on DDR freaks tournament forum, so you know just check them out
Well, then you got, cause you got SVGL3, you got B3 part 2, I'm not sure when in the hell that's gonna turn out.
Oh. Okay, or, or FU2 on next year.
FU2!
FU2, buddy!
Alright.
The Sacktown Smackdown, that's the subtitle.
Oh, Jesus. Alright, alright. Anyway, anything else you want to share about your weekend any day?
except someone threw a damn beer bottle at my head
for what?
what'd you do?
what'd you do?
no, I didn't say anything, they thought I split the model
you were waving at somebody? hello! and they threw a beer bottle at you?
oh my gosh, yeah
my god people can be rude
Wait a second, he was driving and someone threw a beer bottle at him.
What's wrong with this picture?
I was like, woohoo!
Oh shit!
You lead a very interesting life, explicit, that's all I have to say.
Alright. Well, somewhat, yeah. Alright.
Moving on, let's talk about my week and my day, shall we?
My week of my day was pretty good. I had to say I had a lot of fun at the Qsar thing last night.
Matt and I actually played on the same team for one game, and I was the top gun, thank you very much.
Now, of course, he was spinning around and just blindly shooting things and fucking around, but hey, doesn't matter.
And of course, in that game where it was me, Loki's girlfriend, and DDRHolic all playing in one game, versus Loki, he schooled us by like 200 points, but hey, we tried.
Anyway, I had a lot of fun, and I actually played a game of DDR, believe it or not.
I played a game of Extreme, and this was my set on DDR Extreme, okay?
I played I Believe in Miracles, and Make It Better from DDR First Mix, and then I played
another Second Mix song.
I think I played, like, Let's Get Down or something.
I made it an all Second Mix and First Mix night.
It was awesome.
I miss my old DDR mixes, anyway.
Also tonight, I don't know if you caught a glimpse of me on the webcam earlier, but I'm
dressed in all black, because I'm going out to a goth club after the show.
That should be fun.
You goth.
Yes, you know, I'm so gothic.
That's so wrong.
This is pretty much what it's going to sound like at the goth club, you know, like, oh
wow, the lights.
I'm so tragic. I need another clove, cigarettes.
I'm just teasing. I'm just, I'm just hoping that somebody I know is listening to that
so he'll kick my ass when, you know, I go out later. Anyway.
I, I, I didn't... I, I...
Okay. You know where I'm from
And you know that damn near everybody I hung out with was like uber goth, right?
You know, but I never imagined that there would be like a a club
What did you do go around and just be depressed and wave your hands around like you're trying to bat the ghosts away from you
I'm so gothic that when the night comes
So do I
They fucking play industrial and like
was industrial synthpop that kind of stuff it's really good stuff I actually
like the music at that I went once and then I got I was with one of my friends
who's like in this goth stuff and this one guy wanted to take me home and have
sex and he was like and he was dressed up and like like it and some sort of
like I don't know it was just wrong and again I don't know how many times I've
had to apologize for that Loki I'm sorry to do that to you but I just don't if
your life is so tragic why would you dance about it you know what it no in
reality it's actually a lot of fun if if I if I didn't enjoy it I wouldn't pay a
whole four dollars to get in the door so I'm looking forward to it because I
actually haven't been in like two years and there's a lot of fun people to go
it's all about the people all right um moving on we're gonna go to a break but
I wanted to talk to you guys about something before we go to the break. I
think Floatwalk wants to talk to you guys about something too. About a little
something, a little bit that's been confusing to some of you guys out there.
Can we get Floatwalk a mic? Now those of you guys that visit DDR Freak have seen this
picture of a of a bagel and you don't know what it means. It means something
but you don't know what it means. Well we're gonna give you a little bit of
help. And Floatwalk has gotten a clue relayed to him from Dancer X, the mysterious Dancer
X, but you know, Floatwalk talks to him, so you're special. And so we've gotten some things
here, so maybe just these first two bits here we'll give away for right now.
Okay, well it's pretty obvious so far no one has answered the question correct yet, although
I will say, I have seen some very close answers on there.
And as I mentioned before, a lot of people are trying to, I
guess, sort of think that the song is three steps away from
what you literally see.
Well, it's actually right there.
It's a little more literal than you think.
But also, if you read DancerX's post, he said in
there that it is a new song.
It's something that has never been on DDR before.
so that should narrow down some of the ideas that you had
and do you think we should go ahead and give him the new clue yet?
let's wait a little bit let's see if that new song thing helps him out a little bit
so it's a brand new song and you guys it was actually in his original post
it was like the subject line and you guys completely missed it but hey you know
what can you do we can only hold your hand so far
but if you have some guesses we'll be fielding guesses over private message a
little later
Don't just shout it out in the chat room, because we're not paying attention.
No, actually, we are paying attention, but we don't want to miss it.
So that's why we like to field the guesses over a private message.
So after the break, we'll take some more guesses and have a look.
And I'll even put it like this, if someone can guess it just from the clues that I've
given you, if you somehow pull it out, I will guarantee you some cool Konami swag.
Ooh, swag!
Speaking of swag.
Can I guess?
Oh, we have a huge announcement on swag coming up for Orange Lounge later.
You will not want to miss this one.
Floatwalk's going to talk to us about this.
This is very exciting news for Orange Lounge Radio.
Floatwalk's going to tell us all about it right after the break.
And in this break, we're going to have three songs
that all have a central theme.
You try and figure out what it is.
We'll be back.
I'm gonna show you how to burn
show you how to burn
It's time to burn
Burn, burn, burn, you burn me
Your mind is talking so loud
You burn me
There's an expectation
Our bodies are flashing inside
I'm on fire
Burn, burn, burn, you're fired
Can't I thank you more?
Don't shoot me, I'll fire you with me crazy
I'm down to find the force, find the force, find the force
Like a greedy man, I'm comin' back to you It's time to play my game, I can't do without
you Oh, I got you, baby
I'm gonna take your love, cause I need it Let me be your man, let me kiss you
Yeah, I need to touch you, but it's gonna be alright
Maybe I wanna get your love, to make love now
I wanna be close to you, I wanna see your body move
So take a rest, and make it hot tonight
Like a bum bum bustin' out
It's a burning desire
Fighting me seeks my heart and my soul
Whoa whoa
Cause you're just like a fire
I'm going out of control
And it drives me crazy
It's that burning desire
Riding me seeks my heart and soul
Woah woah
Cause you're dressed like a fire
I'm going out
And getting crazy for you
I want you baby
I will pray now and for every day to be with you
To make your sky more than blue
As I'm going my way
Get me up inside
I want something new
I'm trying to get through
I'm burning up for you
I'm burning up for you
I burn every time that I'm close to you
I burn it up for you
I burn it up for you
I never loved anybody the way I do
I believe one day we'll find the key to leaving
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back, Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 110.
Okay, we told you before the break that the clue has something to do with a new song,
so here's your chance to give it another guess, send a private message to Sky in the chat
room with your guess.
If you get it right, you get to be the one to announce it, ooh la la, and you could even
do that over the skype line if you have access to that our skype line just go to www.orangelaungeradio.com
click on interact with us and get the information about the skype line so we're looking for
your guesses meanwhile before we went to the break float walk and i were teasing a little
something that's coming up for orange lounge radio and float walk why don't you tell us
a little more about what's going on i thought we had a third mic somewhere we can get for
Jamie maybe maybe not I don't know anyway the giveaway that's coming up oh
yes yes well okay um as I've seen in our challenge I know there are a couple
people that we hold in high regard in this realm of Bemani and such people who
we'd like to sleep with is this list we have no I'm kidding and atop that list
which I think holds true for quite a bunch of people you know figuratively
and conceptually or reality. We do have someone who has decided to donate us some swag, autographed swag, no less.
And that person would be... Drumroll, anyone?
Yeah.
Okay, we got clap on the clapper. But that'll do. And that person is...
Akira Yomoka.
Yes indeed, when DDR Spot did the interview with Kiryamoka a couple of weeks ago when
we posted it on DDR Spot, he mentioned somewhere in the email that he would be willing to give
out some swag to our listeners and to our readers at DDR Spot and given the business
relations between DDR Spot and Orange Lounge, I figured why not share the wealth with everybody.
So, we do have a handful of CDs to give away.
How we will do that, we are still determining right now,
but you will have to listen to not just Orange Lounge Radio
on Sunday nights, but I think there's a little more
attention you'll have to be paying.
Yes, we're cooking up a scheme right now
on how we're gonna give away the CDs,
but we are very excited to be working with DDR Spot
on this exciting giveaway.
Ooh, I know a lot of people out there want those CDs,
so we're gonna make it tough,
but the prize is gonna be well worth it,
so look forward to that.
some giveaways, a little piece of a Kiryamoka for your bedroom or wherever you decide to
put it.
Yes, and DDR Spot as well will be giving them out.
We're actually going to be redoing our interface in the next couple weeks, so probably expect
by around the end of the month, we'll have a new relaunch, and this time, the reason
why I think we're going to be a little more successful is we actually have more staff
helping us out.
More staff?
Har, har.
Har har. Who'd be sucker enough to help you guys out?
People who like something different. I mean, I'll say this as far as like DDR spot one thing I do
Like to pump up about us is the fact that any kind of Konami news that breaks
About the from the u.s. Side of things. I mean, no one's going to beat us to the punch
How the people who are on spot staff work, you know there is that is that difficult having to have a DDR fan site?
yet at the same time you work for Konami. If you wanted to blow the lid on the whole UltraMix 2 song list and the Extreme Unlocks and all that stuff, you could do it.
Oh yeah, we absolutely could.
I mean, you could get sued, but you could do it.
You could do it, but at the same time, there's, you know, movies that you geek up over. You don't want someone to tell you, like, how it ends. You know, word for word verbatim.
Yeah, you know what? The boat sank, and, uh, Darth is Luke's father. Sorry, guys.
Yeah, essentially. I mean, just working for a while, it's like, I mean...
And Jesus does die.
At the end, they hang Jesus.
Yeah, I mean, I think the best way of putting it...
Wow, Jesus dies and laughter ensued.
Sorry for the spoiler guy, but Jesus does die at the end of that recent DVD release.
Oh yeah, but the thing about, I guess, working there, like, the first day, obviously, you're surprised just as anybody to find out, you know, this news,
but then, once you start playing something for 40 hours a week, the novelty dies out after the 15th hour, so...
But I think we've gotten to the point where it's something, I mean, it's something we've all done before, it's pretty standard nature to understand the nature of the beast, how people are on boards.
I mean, obviously they're going to pester you for a clue here or there, but now that I work closer with the product managers and all the PR people, I kind of know where my limits are, and once those are drawn out, it's easy to hold on to those, stay within those boundaries.
So speaking of limits, any other hints about things we could look forward to?
I'm trying guys, I'm trying to get something out of them.
I will say for UltraMix 2 SP7 will be ready when UltraMix 2 ships.
Right on?
Yeah, well we know it is and there's new stuff on there, so you're not just getting run-of-the-mill
things.
The Xbox Live is going to be pretty awesome. It's going to be more robust this time on
Iron. You've probably heard, obviously, you can trade edits online, you can download
step data.
Awesome. Have they made an official announcement, you don't have to say it one way or the other,
but have they made an official announcement about being able to play those edits? I know
there was a little bit of confusion about being able to play edits.
To, like, challenge someone online with the edits?
Yeah, with playing edits.
Quite honestly, I can't remember. I mean, there's so many things that go into, you know,
like...
All right, all right. It's cool.
It just slips me.
It's cool, it's cool.
I don't want you to say anything that's going to get you in trouble, so don't worry about it.
What else do I expect? A lot of people geeked up over DDR Extreme having a v-rare.
I will say there's a high chance, not 100% sure, but there's a high chance we'll have a v-rare number 4.
Ooh, okay.
You heard that here first.
A v-rare number 4?
Possibly.
How would that... okay, alright.
I think I see where this might be going.
Alright, we'll leave it to our listeners to figure that one out.
Maybe. Maybe.
Other than that, Ultramix 2 is looking snazzy
right now. We're almost ready to send it off to Microsoft
and just let them give us the good word.
Now, I don't know if you can repeat any of this, but you were telling me some funny stories about working on Microsoft
earlier. I don't know if that's something you've got to keep on the down low.
No, actually, it's kind of fascinating. I mean, anyone who works in video games
and does stuff with like Microsoft or Sony, there's actually standards you have to follow.
Like one thing is things on the PlayStation controller for example, you know those little
analog sticks you have on the sides, you know in the front of the controller? They actually,
like any time they're referred to in a game, they actually have to be called right analog
stick or left analog stick, you can't call them anything else, or you can call them L3,
R3. But if you say like, yeah, in the instruction book, use the thumb stick, you would actually
get zinged for it. And what exactly is a zing? Does that mean they come out and kick your
ass or find you? They'll say we're not going to ship your game. Oh my god! There are some
things they'll let slide but there are some things they're pretty strict about and like
just how you name your stuff is actually a big deal. Well not big deal but a semi. Wow.
That's crazy. Yeah. I mean it's when you work in QA and video games there are things you
have to test like you have to make sure your game can run 72 hours without crashing. You
know? Oh my gosh. There are things you have to do like you have to pull the controller.
How did Driver 3 get through QA? That's what I want to know.
Yeah, you didn't go through Konami. That's for damn sure.
But yeah, it's an interesting beast. A lot of people think when you're in QA you have to play games.
You know, you just played Ad Nauseam, but you're supposed to sit there and you're supposed to break what you can.
So anyone who's trying to get into the game industry, you gotta learn how to break games. Not how to play them, break them.
break them. Wow, that's good. Yeah, Loki's very good at breaking games, I must say.
And I broke Ultramix last night. I don't know, I was telling you this earlier, I actually broke Ultramix, so
something got through the cracks somehow, I don't know, but. Well, Ultramix
was a half-rush job, but I mean,
like any other game in the series, the first will always have flaws, which is why you come out with the sequel to correct.
And it wasn't, it honestly wasn't a big deal. I found it more amusing than anything else.
It didn't piss me off or anything.
Besides, flaws in Microsoft products is nothing new.
Hahahaha.
Service pack 2, anybody?
What else? Yeah, I mean, most people know that a lot of the
step data for new songs has been done by Konami QA. I think people who...
there's, you know, usually two people, people who like fun songs and people who like challenging songs,
I think they're going to get a good variety of both.
I'm very excited about Ultramix too. But something we haven't talked a whole lot about, DR Extreme,
it's just about out, it's almost there. I gotta say, because we were talking about this last week,
we were kind of like talking about the whole GameStop leaking the song list, some of the song
list unlocks early and stuff, we were like, boy, Konami must be really pissed off at what happened.
Was there a little bit of frustration from the clue givers and things like that about the GameStop
article, or? Kind of sort of, yeah, actually. I mean, you know, I was talking to- I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, not GameStop, GamePro. My bad. My bad.
Um, yeah, um, Jason Needles was actually kind of, uh, I would say mad, but he was definitely surprised that
they would just blow out a whole bunch of, uh, screen caps that more or less gave away a lot of the secrets.
And I don't think necessarily it was intentional, it was just kind of like, somebody just wasn't thinking.
They were just grabbing screenshots and not thinking about, oh, maybe somebody's trying to keep the unlocked stuff a secret.
Yeah, well, I mean, I actually saw, like, what a press kit, you know, there's, essentially there are different types of versions.
you get of a game, like for example, they got what's called a media version, kind of
like when a place that, you know, has movies, they get screeners and all that kind of stuff.
Right.
I don't know anything about that.
Yeah, well, he doesn't know anything about screeners.
So essentially, what that happened was, when you get this screener, you get practically
most of everything unlocked already, so they can just kind of review the whole game because,
I mean, there are some, when you get a game review or something, you kind of want to know
how it ends and all that stuff, so you could say, yeah, this game is great, but man, the
ending sucked.
You know, I mean, they may not tell you explicitly what happens, but, you know, they didn't want
want to kind of play through it and you know so they can formulate a great
opinion. Now I would think stuff like You're Not Here and Maximizer and stuff
you guys are really trying probably trying to keep under under the lid a
little bit and then it just kind of got blown out I mean You're Not Here was a
little bit spoiled by the dancing stage fever song or I mean fusion
song list so it was kind of like you know man there's a good chance that
people were kind of thinking okay yeah that probably would be an unlock but
Maximizer that was even though you can go back to the whole reading the master
song list thing and Maximizer had turned up there before this is really the
concrete confirmation people were looking for and yes there is on there
it's basically to put it it's America's own version of max I don't know whether
it be excited or scared no I actually I mean a lot of people look at that they
say oh it's an eight-footer gosh you know that's like a big letdown but I
there was a guy who know Pacquiao and Kenobi who's you know pretty well known
in the DDR community you know on DDR freak and he was not able to full combo
that I I have to say I am actually glad it's not a 10-footer because honestly I
can't play 10 footers at home I can mean I can barely blame the arcade as it is
but the home versions aren't meant to be 10 footers yeah exactly I mean I just
You're playing on those freaking ignition pads, you know?
Yeah, that's true. But I will say, Maximizer really sounds cool.
I think of the Maxes, I actually like the way that sounds the best.
As like Dancer X talked about, it's sort of like
has a very, very gabba sound to it.
Gabba, gabba, gabba, gabba, gabba. Yeah.
Alright. Very interesting. Alright.
We will, we here at Orange
will play that song for you as soon as we can.
We have to, you know, probably rip it from the game first, but as soon as we can we will
get it for you guys so you guys can hear it.
As well as any other surprises that are still in store.
Are there still surprises in store for DDR Extreme?
Absolutely.
Alright.
We'll leave it on that note.
I'm looking for it.
I am looking...
It is not a clue.
Yeah, absolutely is not a clue.
Oh my God.
Wow, so, gosh, I'm out of questions for Mel.
Does anybody else have anything to say about this whole extreme and Ultimix 2 we've been talking about?
Loki, Dark Sakura?
It's your show too, dammit.
Oh, Lanky Style's here with Rice Princess.
Yeah, I just want to know, Mel B., how do you stay so sexy?
Easy for me.
Bloat walk, not Mel B.
I'd say do about 50 push-ups a day and one pack of pork rinds.
Awesome.
I guess I'll open up the Skypline in a little bit for those folks that may have a question or something about UltraMix 2 or DDR Extreme. I swear I'll hang up on you if it's something else.
So let's see, we'll go to the Skypline and see if anybody has anything they want to say.
Oh, I just missed that call, my bad. We'll see if anybody calls back. Over on the Skypline.
Ah, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello?
Hello?
We can not hear you. Can you turn up your microphone volume or something?
Is this better?
A little bit.
Is this better now?
A little bit. How you doing?
Alright, I missed all the UltraMix II things. Can you fill me in?
You missed everything on UltraMix II?
Well, I only managed to pick up the other half, but I just came in and...
Shame on you for being tardy to the show.
on you you had to clean your you could clean your room while listening to the
show I don't buy that excuse all right all right it's gonna be on a disc
ultramix to Xbox the Xbox live portion is gonna be bigger there's a clue still
involving the bagel out there and if it's for a new song and ultramix 2 is
gonna have a variety of different kinds of music and what else folks that are
into DDR are doing the steps we know that much and there's going to be a mix
of challenging versus fun
and who are these people they're actually doing
are these people well-known? can we
give any more information about the people doing the steps I guess not
really
can we give names? I don't think we can give names
I can't necessarily name drop I mean I'm sure it wouldn't make a hell of a difference but that said
the people who are in QA are actually... wait we can't hear you exactly let Mel finish
They are accomplished GDR players, there are people who have won tournaments, there are people who not only PA'd, there are people who freestyle.
So they take into account like, you know, for basic steps for example, you often want steps that are pretty easy and like freestylable, so we take that into account.
We take into account that, you know, for maniac steps, there are people who are total difficulty whores, and you know, we do stuff that is ergonomically doable.
I mean, we're not going to do something that's like we strive for 11 feet, you know, because there's such thing
You need to have as like game balancing and such. So it's you know, we're like that
We're trying to find moderation, you know balance in other words in other words that goo just go pre-order it tomorrow
Word but yeah one more thing
Okay, only focused on one half of the country or is it all you know all over for these players?
The certain players is it only one part of the country in other words are all these players coming from NorCal
Well, let's put it like this. It's based in Redwood City, so it's not like we just sat out there and we had this big audition.
Anyone could apply to Konami, but they had to go through the whole interview process.
They had to go through people like me who have worked there for a year.
I have to gauge their acumen on how well they play the game, what they think makes the game well.
I mean, yeah, most of us are based in Northern California.
But not 100%?
no not hurt there are some people who have been imported so uh...
it's it's not as uh... all
concentric imported from different places that's all we can tell you but
all right how about this
anything anything new about that anything that we know about the song list
is already up on the site we don't have any new info tonight though
not yet we may have one more song for the night's over
it's up to you guys
are the song packs going to be better
are the song packs going to be better
That's an opinion. Like I mentioned about SP7, there is new stuff on there.
I'll answer it, yes.
Wait, the new stuff for Ultramix is coming out already?
Service Pack 7 will be out the day that Ultramix 2 is out.
And which one, do we have the names of the songs yet?
Not yet. Not yet bud, we'll have them soon.
Alright, thanks for your questions. It was engaging and fun.
Bye bye.
Alright, let's see if anybody else wants to call in questions about Ultramix 2 or DDR extreme in the meantime
Let's go let's go over some of these clues
We got some people that guessed some of the songs that were in the game
And now we're gonna let you know if anybody was right
So, let's see. We had Seagurd put in a guess, but unfortunately, he's not allowed to participate because he was right
But I will say Sigurd was right on his guess. Good for him.
He better be right, man.
Jazz said the sweetest thing by some band whose name I have no idea. I'm thinking maybe U2?
Now he's thinking too abstract.
No. That was a decent guess, though. That was decent.
I think that's the one thing I like about this whole thread thing, is you really get to see how people think.
You know, it's like, they'll come up with the strangest word associations, and like, they'll try to go three steps, because this, this, and this, I think it's this song.
I mean, it makes for great reading material and sure kills time at work.
Alright, uh, White Rob has a guess. Pam Baker and the Blue Plate Special, with Bacon the Blues.
Very interesting.
Very- he says, the plate was blue, and the bagel is baked.
You can't get more obvious than that. But unfortunately it's not it.
Yeah. No dice.
Bummer.
E.B. Sumaru says, John Desire with Hot Limit.
Maybe because the bagel's hot? I don't know.
But, nah, I don't know.
Sorry bud, doesn't work.
Alright, so those are the guesses we got so far, so we'll just have to see if anything else comes in later.
Mel was talking about a V-Rare that is coming out for DDR Extreme, and that song list was leaked to the internet this week.
It sounds like some retailers are getting their copies.
There was a scan of the back cover and everything.
It's out there now, so we gotta tell you what's on it.
Well, damn.
Here's another one of those things where they beat you to it, didn't they?
There's only so much you can do.
We held up our end of the bargain.
We can't handle what the retailers do.
That's right. Yeah, the retailers leaked it.
People like the VRare list, and you know, hey, all is good in the end.
Track number one is Scorching Moon by Sean the Horny Master, which did not get censored. People thought it would be censored to just the master or...
Well, what's the censor? The dude plays horns.
Exactly.
I mean, not anymore, you know. I still have like a little sadness in my heart for the fact show T's no longer in Konami.
number two a by DJ amuro is the second track on the CD track number three is
ecstasy by D complex track number four is your rain the rage mix yay kiri almoca
featuring Mary Elizabeth McGlynn the track we premiered for you last month
wild rush factor X is track number five track number six is the departed show T
with a stupid barber a track seven mobile mocha by our favorite orange
track number eight jet world by Mutsukiko Izumi I'm white and track nine
three two one stars by DJ Simon track 10 V for extreme by DJ Taka and here are
the bonus tracks eleven is I need you the inside door three mixes never heard
of that one before um actually that was uh yeah party collection of you rare
also I don't know actually door one of the viewers that came on Japan had yeah
Yeah, it's like, it has all three mixes, like, all kind of fused together, just fused up with the Inside Out and All That, I think.
No, it's just the Inside Out and All That mix, they have the three or...
Oh, okay.
Also on the Party Collection OST.
Party Collection OST? I didn't know that. 13 is B4U Glorious Style. That would be the
long version from DER 5th Mix. You guys trying to hint at something there? Maybe? Maybe.
Maybe not. Track 14 is So In Love, the train version by Caramel S and the Master. And track
number 15 is I Need You, the True Platinum Mix by ShowTee. And that's the V-Rare. Actually,
While it's still on my mind, one thing I'd like to point out also for anyone who's a
fan of Konami artists and like the Bimani musicians, one of the games that's coming
out this fall, Rumble Roses for PS2, the all-female wrestling game, you know, high, best things
ever made.
A lot of the Bimani musicians did compose music for that, like DJ Taka did a track there,
which was called Sota Fujimori did stuff there, yeah, let's see, who else?
The guy who did Jet World, he did something, Dez Road did a track on there, so yeah, it's
actually funny enough, they were called, they were commissioned somewhere at the last minute
to do music for the game, and from what I've heard, it sounds pretty cool.
Nice, I can't wait to see it.
So definitely, if you're a Bomani music fan, you're going to have to pick up Rumble Roses.
But of course, as soon as we can get our hands on a soundtrack, we'll play some tracks for
you.
Kuriyamaoka did tracks on there as well.
Gosh, thank you, Sigurd.
Awesome.
Alright.
The other night, a bunch of us were at Lions, and it was like a dance GameStop people, and
they were there discussing on how they were looking forward to the realistic physics engine
of Rumble Roses, and the invigorating mud effects, and it was a funny conversation that
it was yeah talking about how they were going to admire the aesthetic qualities
of rumble roses and and yeah we did we did talk about this a couple weeks ago
chat room but I didn't know about the desero thing there was there's more
artists in there than we originally thought I knew Akira and I knew some of
them but I didn't know like desero there's way more people than I thought
that's pretty cool any chance we might see some rumble roses songs on DER
complete with some new characters as I do my little bounce thing all right
question from explicit here in the house how many polygons are in each breast and
rubber roses more than a handful on that note on that note I think we'll go to a
break and to make up for float walks grotesque error earlier we will be
playing an entire block of a kyriamoka music all right including some requests
we had some requests so uh we will go to this what you know what do you want to
Should we do that other clue? Should we do the other clue, Floatwok?
Um, why not, sir?
Why not? Hell, Floatwok, let's give him another chance.
Let's give him another chance, Floatwok.
While we have to pull up Dancer X's clue over here.
I've got Dancer X's clue right up here.
Really? Let me peek.
Okay, clue, colon, a unique aspect of a type of cells in the body.
Hmm. Hmm. A unique aspect of a type of cells in the body.
So, uh, those of you who took physiology in high school, time to dust off your books and your brains and you just might find something.
have fun boys and girls will be back
I cry out of my head And I don't know what I've found
Over and over I feel it break me down
I'm waiting for a gentle rain, a gentle rain, a gentle rain
On the sidewalk of the city, on the streets just for a whisper
Busy people going nowhere, see me soaking my rain
Nothing for passion, nothing matters, my resistance is waning
Like a flower in the basement, waitin' for a long time
Your gun is on me
I'm not the one that's on me
You are too deep and dry
I'm not the one that's on me
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
We are back.
Orange Lounge Radio Season 5 has just started and in case you missed it, a unique aspect
of a type of cells in the body. It's time to guess one more time. Send it in over private
message to Sky in the chat room if you have a guess. All right, moving on. I thought we'd
talk about other stuff. Let's see. Oh, by the way, there's drinking going on in the
house tonight. It is the three-day weekend, which is traditionally an Orange Challenge
Radio Drunk show. However, DarkSakura, you can't participate tonight because you drove,
ice cream booze. Oh my god. I've actually sort of, I had this creme brulee
liqueur that was really good. So I decided how to cheat. I decided that
tomorrow is going to be my cheat day. So when it hits midnight I'm having some
Guinness at home. There you go. That's the spirit. I'm gonna finish off the Guinness
in my fridge and have some amaretto. All right. Any special plans for Labor Day?
sleeping. Sounds good to me. Actually you know I'm like I'm gonna do my homework
tomorrow I'm going over to Julie's where there's air conditioning, air conditioning
Wow and I'm gonna do my laundry cuz see look what I did not bring over tonight
laundry with my laundry. Impressive. So I'm doing my laundry at Julie's tomorrow and
making use of one of her five computers that she built. Sounds good
yes Loki no okay no I'm actually working on right now building my own laptop like
actually it's not really a laptop I'm gonna be putting inside of a case of a
Dreamcast and be a portable PC with its own LCD monitor which will also double
as a car PC with its own navigational and GPS system and will be an on-road
computer for our show well you know the Dreamcast uses Windows CE well I'm
I'm actually gutting it, I'm just using the case.
Oh, like the Nintendo PC?
Some like that, but because I'm gonna use, I wanted to use a nano ITX piece, um, you know, a motherboard, but they're not available yet, so I'm gonna have to use a micro ITX board, which is, uh...
No, why not build one out of a, out of a, uh, PS2?
Well, because...
Because you can find plenty of broken PS2s.
Well, Dreamcast is small, um, I wanted to use a, um, old PS1, because they sell for 30 bucks on the internet.
I could give you one.
Well, a PS1, but the board's too big for it. If I had a Nano ITX1, it would fit perfect, but as it is, it's, I don't know, I'm just pricing it, because it's kind of expensive.
The Nintendo one was built out of laptop parts.
Yeah, it's, that's one with a laptop hard drive, LCD monitor. I'm actually going to hack a portable PlayStation 1 LCD screen.
They have a Dreamcast mobile monitor, though.
I'll have to check that, too, but...
Um, I think, um, one of the, uh, uh, ones on, um, Licksang.
Licksang, I'll go check them.
But anyways, yeah, that's what I'm gonna work on.
It's gonna be kinda cool, cause I wanna, like,
I was actually, what I was setting up for was Minimame,
or, like, Minibomani stuff,
so, like, making a micro, um,
turntable Beatmania-type setup for, like, that kind of thing.
But the only problem is they're not very powerful PCs.
They've only, they only go up to, like, one gigahertz, and, um,
cause they're just, you know, they're mic, no, um, fan or anything, but it's awesome.
They make the like they have like tiny fans now and heat sinks. Yeah. Anyway, that's the project. I'm working on
So you've given up on communicating with the dead. I
Have I have my eight and a half pound
eight and a half pounds of magnet wire in my room and
I have my germanium on my desk and
I
Actually is looking at copper today, but they only have a copper plated
Um, circuit boards, but that might be good enough just to stick on there.
You can order copper from, from the science ordering places.
Well, I just need a copper plate, and it's small.
Copper plate? Uh, I'll talk to you about that later, I think I know what to do with it.
Anyways, but yeah, I'm just, I'm looking in the parts for that.
The only thing is I figured out that the guy's design's physically impossible,
because if you were to make something that strong in that small space, it would literally melt.
melt. It would just be gone, so I don't know. This dead would take it over and it'd open
a portal to hell. No, it wouldn't do that. The only portal it opened would be burning
down the house, and I just don't... It couldn't... It couldn't maintain, though, the structural
integrity it needs to keep the portal to hell open, so it'd just burn up from the, you know,
the... from the Hades. No. But anyways, yeah, I'll do that later. It would be hotter than
I was pricing it today at RadioShack, but I don't like RadioShack because they're too expensive.
Okay, anyways. I'm gonna go back to drinking.
Yes, you learn quickly.
I don't know, I'm in a sound effects mood today.
today anyway let's go see if we got any guesses we actually only got one more
guess it looks like some people they want more time with this clue they want
more time with the a unique aspect of a type of cells in the body clue I'm
wondering how it feels to want well we will give another chance for guesses if
there's still some people want to google it so they're googling away but we do
have paid attention in school that's all right
Chaos Dimension suggests a song, and I've never heard of this,
You Got Beef by Chuck E. Akins and V Unit.
Rob. Mel saying no, no, no.
Rob. What? Isn't it nice to want?
Isn't it nice to say something that Jamie just said?
Yeah, I just sort of said that.
Rent! Pay it!
Anyway, Seegerd got it right on the second guess as well as the first guess.
Amazingly enough, he sent me another message and he got it right. I was so amazed.
If you got it right on the second guess, that's kind of like saying he battled himself in a race
and he came in third place. Beautiful.
Beautiful. That means his ass came in last.
Yeah, as somebody says in the chatroom,
as I recall, you got beef is not a unique aspect of a type of cells in the body.
Maybe, well, you know, if you... We got the beef cells.
If you call yourself maybe a beefy built guy, I don't know. Anyway,
moving on. Where'd Loki go? Did he disappear into the bathroom? Seriously. I want to talk to him.
Just, like, pay attention in school.
See, people don't like to be made to think.
That's alright. It is hard. It is a hard clue.
They're hard clues. This is why it's taking you so long to get it. Nobody likes to be
made to think.
Because nobody thinks anymore. Chat room, prove me wrong.
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp. Anyway.
See what I mean? Moving on. Uh, you guys know about the big
day of November 18th coming up. 18 November, some
folks have been referring to it, where we get a whole shitload of new releases from Japan, including
Poppin' Music 10, and there is a brand new website open for Poppin' Music 10,
and it doesn't give us a whole lot about the game, but
it does show us those cute little Kubricks that are coming with a limited edition.
So cute! Okay, I need to get that, because I need Poppin' Music Kubricks.
There's some more information in our chat room if you care.
A link to the website that has more information.
Also, 8th Style is going to be getting a limited edition with it, and apparently the
limited edition comes with some kind of
not what I thought was cool. Not only do you get a little EMU's card, but you also get
from what I understand, there's going to be a DVD coming with it with videos of all the
new consumer songs on 8th Style.
And who knows what those songs are? We haven't heard yet, but hopefully it's
good stuff.
I think it will be. We'll soon find out. I was going to add a comment on
8th Style. Yes. Actually, I got a report from DarkLionXVI this afternoon
AKA Siggy. Yes. He was saying that the
limited edition was going to be like retail that like a hundred thirty
dollars
you know what I wish he was on Skype right now that column make him tell us
more information about the game
nevermind I was gonna say something but no
we knew who cares I want a style I guess that's true now saying
who cares what's in it it's a hundred thirty bucks by it
you know what's the problem just by it
And how?
Alright.
Ziggy's not on Skype right now. I'll try to call him later. Maybe he can give us more information about what's going on with the...
Because I haven't been paying close enough attention. I'm getting confused enough at all the U.S. news going around that I can't keep track of the Japanese news as well, so...
Anyway.
Shall we have ourselves a cage match, boys and girls?
Let's do it!
it yay we's gonna have a cage match last week in the orange lounge cage match I
need a quiet in the studio please there's too much sidebar conversation
going on we can't hear ourselves thank you last week in the orange lounge radio
cage match we had bond one that was Jamie's pick with a song called shine
and what was so special about shine Jamie it used to some of the same
samples from Afronova yes so it has a little bit of a DDR tie into it so we'll
hear that but you only get to hear a clip of last week's winner as a reminder
the way the cage match works we're gonna play three songs for you guys a clip of
last week's winner and two new songs and the winning song goes into rotation all
week long on orange lounge radio as chosen by your votes in the chat room so
we will get to it here's song number one you can vote for tonight but please
remember do not vote until I say so song number one bond with shine the job
chakra mix. Here's a clip. Enjoy.
Alright, that was last week's winner.
That was Bond with Shine, the dub chakra mix.
That song just makes me happy.
Will it win for two weeks in a row or will it succumb to one of our challengers tonight?
Let's find out.
This challenger tonight is one of my picks, and you know what, I have to admit, ever since
I heard that Skulk was announced for Ultramix, I've been liking that band Echo Image more
and more, and not the secret has anything to do with that by, you know, allowing me
to borrow the CD for a little while, but honestly, like the more I listen to it, the more they
remind me of like Erasure and all these cool synth bop bands I love, and I gotta say, I
love this song, and I want to put it in tonight's cage match, it's a song by Echo Image from
their CD and the song is called Standing Alone. It's track two from their album. I believe
it's called CompuPhonic. I'm going off the top of my head there. So here it is. So if
you like Skulk, you might like this. I don't know, we'll see. This is Echo Image with Standing
Alone. Enjoy.
Make way for all the words they say, how could you know that they were true?
Whispering voices in your head
What can be done, what can be done
And all the words they seem to be
Not a statement
See them standing when you face it
They're facing with your wife
Standing there alone again
It all made another friend
I'm watching down the road of pain Truth will never be the same
Standing there alone again Still I need another friend
I'm watching down the road of pain Truth will never be the same
Give way for another truthless day Your eyes end up sitting on your toes
You hold your breath while feeling numb
Black rain clouds filling up the sun
The shouting voices in your head
Tell you nothing
You scream but no one hears you calling
You left with all your lies
Lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies, lies
Yee-haw!
Yee-haw!
Yee-haw!
Yee-haw!
Standing there alone again,
You shoulda made another friend,
Warted down a load of planes,
To tell them I need the same.
Yee-haw!
Yee-haw!
You don't need another friend
Watching them float away
Truth will never be the same
And then they're alone again
You don't need another friend
Watching them float away
The truth will never be the same
All right, as typical Orange Lounge fashion dictates, we'll go around and see what everyone
thought of Echo Image with standing alone and not standing alone there in the corners.
Dark Sakura with her impression.
It freaking sounds like Depeche Mode, I like it.
So that one gets a 9 for me.
Nice solid 9.
And it's not trance.
Not really.
I was going to give it an 8.5, but it really pushed it up to a 9 because it wasn't trance.
It's like trance enough to satisfy my taste, but it's not trance.
You're right.
It's synthpop.
Big difference.
Really, it just made me think of, oh, this is the days when Depeche Mode was cool.
I like it.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki, what did you think of that?
Well, I have this CD in my car right now, and I've been listening to it over and over
over and over again, so it gets a 9 for me also.
Mr. Floatwalk.
It's pretty solid. It's a smooth track. That's what I like. You know, you got all the cues to synth it off, but it's not overly, you know, like...
It's just not very loud and over-imposing. I just think it's something you can really relax to, and that's why I dig it a lot. I think I'll give it a 9 and a half.
Ooh, lanky-style.
I like it, man. So far, the two tracks I've heard from them have been really good, so I gotta listen to that CD sometime, so I'm gonna give it a 9. Good stuff.
Sharks Girl.
Pretty. 9.
I'm gonna do something a little different, because I haven't given one of these in a while, but I'm giving that a nice, round, fat 10 out of 10, boys and girls, because honestly, that's one of the best CDs I've heard in a long time.
a long time. It really grew on me. Like the first time I heard it, I was kind of like this is cool, but the more I listened to it, I was like, fuck! These guys rock!
So, um, honestly, whether you call it a race or a departmental, I don't care. They just rock. And I hope to God they put out more music and continue to be in DDR. Angel?
Uh, that sounds hot, as well as the rest of the CD, so you know what? Fat 10.
Cool. Another fat 10. Explicit.
This song gave me an orgasm.
I like this song a lot though, so I give it a 9.5 out of 10.
Alright. Moving on.
Hi, how you doing Heather?
I'm like, who the hell did the mic go to?
Loki's sister's here, to give her an impression of the song.
Fine, I don't matter. No, I have been drinking, but not that much.
but not that much. I honestly wasn't listening to it so I really can't rate
it. Then you're gonna give it a 10. Yeah, okay. All right. Hey, what's it like...
Anorexic 10. What's it like to be Loki's sister? Is he really as evil? Was he evil
like out of the womb? I don't know he was born before I was. Oh, that's right, you're
a younger one. Okay, well has he been evil since being a toddler? As far back
as you remember. He's chasing the fire poachers. Right on.
I want more of these embarrassing Loki stories after Cagematch.
It was a fire poker. It was one of those log, like, you know how they have those things that pick up logs?
It was a log grabber thing you could move logs in a fire poker.
We are so sending Loki out of the room after Cagematch. I want more of these stories.
Alright, anybody else? Does Loki's girlfriend want to give a number to that song?
Anyway, what song?
Next up is Loki's pick, and Loki has picked something very special for you guys tonight. Very special. It's special.
Okay, now I was gonna go with my remix, which, you know, that's just standard because I make it, and so it's gotta be in there.
But no, no, um, you know my fiance had better plans so she picked this song. I don't know who it's by
it's
Called Papa Smurf lick my ass
From Loki's girlfriend via Loki, this is song number three tonight. Papa Smurf, can I lick your ass?
Make me smile in between the mountains
Come on in and on my face you'll see a big grin
I like a girl with a big tongue
When she opens up her mouth she can touch the rung
To get what's this, you gotta have guts
I like it when they rub my nuts
Lick my booty from the bottom to the top
Just don't bow, come on bitch just drive me crazy
Stick out your tongue, make me cry like a baby
To push from the bottom like hoes
All them girls booty lickin' bros
Take your time, don't do it too fast
And remember be gentle when you're lickin' my ass
Stop this look, I lick your ass
Oh yeah, feel the light everywhere.
Smurf it in the chocolate factory.
Give it me goosebumps.
fathers will panic your ass.
Yeah lick my ass bitch.
Lick lick my ass bitch.
Yeah lick my ass bitch.
Make it count, ooh, lick my ass!
Uh-huh, ooh, let me...
Uh-huh, ooh, let me...
Make it clear how I'm broke without my eyes
Ooh, let me know...
What you wanna say
Yo, I thought I'd be ready on the back now, Here we go, check it out
Uh-huh, ooh, ooh, let me know...
Uh-huh, ooh, let me know...
I knew you were cool
Yeah now don't forget
Lick my ass
Lick my ass
Lick it, lick it
Lick my ass
Lick my ass
Pop a Smurf, lick your ass, you make me want to cry baby, Pop a Smurf, lick your ass, lick
them hairs, lick them hairs, Pop a Smurf, lick your ass, just stick it, stick it till
you're halfway there and pull it out, I'll be able to do that, oh, lick my ass bitch,
and that's the tour of the Chocolate Factory.
right that was uh papa smurf lick my ass jamie would you lick that song's ass or
what exactly would you do with that song that song was a really good song
for me to poop on
it gets a negative infinity
a score of negative infinity from Jamie let's hear from Loki I tell you this is
my fiance's pick I did it for her so it gets a 10 it's gonna be Rob song Rob
was gonna use this in another week so don't be getting pissed off at me this
is all Rob it's all his fault he's acting all innocent but it was all him
besides the flash video is much better flow walk wow I didn't even know pop it
through black that said yeah that said I got two words for it solo 2005 on scale
110 let's see well if we're talking booties I think an eight kind of looks
like a booty you know if you tilt it sideways no yeah I'm gonna give it an
Alright. You know what? I was going to put that in the cage match, but just because I was mad. I was just mad that I lost last week.
But, honestly, it gets a 6.9 from me because it's just not as funny without the Flash animation to go with it. So, a 6.9 from me.
Sharks Girl!
That was the deepest and most meaningful song I've ever heard in my life.
Deep.
Wow, I'm just overwhelmed by the beauty of it all. I give it like a 3 for the comedy factor.
Alright, DDR Angel.
It looks like an ass too, there you go.
DDR Angel, what do you think?
Let's see, Comedial Factor 6.
Explicit.
No fucking comment. I'll just give it a question mark because it all depends on the people.
Okay, I'll give it an 8, equal sign 3.
Alright, 8 equals 3 from Jonas. Uh, lankystyle, did you have a vote you wanted to give?
Penisheep.
I think what I have to say is that, uh, Pop the Smurf should watch out because I'm sure she looked all the other Smurf's asses before she got to him.
him yeah I give it a I mean it's a great song and all but gag factor is basically
all so yeah comedy ten song is a whole eight that's not reminds me of the
fanfic that my roommate roommate from college had printed out on that you
remember back in the days when printer paper was all green and white and had
the tearing edges on the side well my friend went to the computer lab at my
school this is in 1995 mind you printed up the smuck fest someone had written a
lemon fanfic about the first getting it on rose it was scary but that's what I
thought makes me think of let's wrap this up so we can get past this topic
got one more do you have an online name on that should refer you as just Loki
sister gypsy wolf what did you get what would you give that gypsy wolf I love
Having seen the animation for it, I have to say a ten.
Oh wow, a ten.
You're easy to please. You gave two tens tonight.
Alright, that's alright.
Been drinking, keep that in mind.
Let's review so you guys can vote. Here we go.
Song number one, last week's winner, Bond with Shine, the dub chakra mix.
Song number two is Echo Image with Standing Alone and song number three is Papa Smurf
can I lick yo ass. Alright place, vote, now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat
room with your vote. And we will tally up those votes very shortly and let you know
who won tonight's cage match. Let me, oh, Jamie already beat me to the place vote now
things so thank you Jamie moving on you are welcome moving on let's uh Loki watch
give us a sim update what's going on in the sim world I know you've built your
own thing and I know there's food makes news all sorts of fun stuff well done
okay anyways um no there is some another I think camera versus last week or this
week there was another update to techno fiend it looks nice it's got some cool
What's Techno Theme?
just announced this week that Food Mix Plus had hidden content in it. And now I have on
our website how you can get to that hidden content. Basically there is a dummy file in
one of the directories there and you turn that into a zip file and you get a brand new
song, new steps for some of the older songs, and new Oni courses. So that's pretty cool.
And then, other than that, really not that much else. Oh! Oh! No, it should be mentioned. The first pack of ripped characters from DDR 5th Mix has surfaced online. You can find the link on DDR Mania X for that one.
And they're pretty nice looking. They're ripped directly from the DDR games because the guy that, um, he built his own software to do that kind of stuff, so that's kind of neat.
And, um, other than that, really, um, not too much else, uh, DDR OSC 3 is going on right now. I think the first pack of songs has been released for that.
And I know DDR the remix contests on the my style and
DDR maniacs I think are up already. They're done. They should be posting those
Those songs online for voting soon, and I think that's all yeah
What you need a mic because we're not gonna hear you
They added a comment section on be my install already for the Sims
Yeah, that's that's new. You already have that
Yeah, because I just noticed about that.
answer answer answer answer
yeah believe it or not we're calling out
we don't do this whole lot
when a radio show calls out
that means you're a shock job you're doing stupid bits
is your refrigerator running
oh hey Siggy what's up
haha
I thought you were going to scot me after cage match
well the cage match is done we're just waiting for the votes
oh ok alright
so tell me what you know about these new eight style limited editions and stuff
Because I haven't really been following it, because I can barely keep track of what's going on domestically, let alone importly.
So, share what you know with us, would ya?
Well, here's what I've known so far about 2DX 8-Style Special Edition.
They have a, well, along with 8-Style, they have a 2DX Red E-Amusement card.
It's gonna be random, so we'll never know what's inside each art cover for that.
Huh.
Yeah, they have a 2DX Visual Emotion DVD.
Oh, I can't wait for that DVD.
Yeah. Let me see, I'm reading the translation right now.
Yeah, they have the H-Style V-Rare soundtrack.
Ooh, an H-Style V-Rare, really? Yeah.
Ooh, that should be cool, okay. And then the H-Style special edition,
special-made box, like, you know, like a box for
stacking your preview styles from, you know, from
5th, 6th, 7th, or whatever. Very nice. And then, of course, here's still a little bit
interesting.
It's a BeatMeIna 3DX style mail magazine.
Like M-A-I-L or M-A-L-E?
M-A-I-L. Okay, darn.
Alright. And with any other information on what's going to be on that magazine?
Well, it's just a subscription about, you know, the 2DX styles.
Huh. However, you can only subscribe...
We're losing you. Speak into the mic a little more. We're losing you. However, you're only going to have to subscribe within Japan.
And I checked out on the WebKonami website for T-Rex XL, the price is about 106,000 yen which is, I think, or actually 10,479 yen, including tax.
That sounds like a lot, but it's not quite that bad.
Which is approximately $130 according to ntsx.com.
Alright. Well, I'll be looking forward to it. Thanks for the update, Siggy.
No problem.
Alright, take care, bud.
Later.
Later.
That's also known as DarkLionXVI. Some more information on 2DXA style. Very cool.
Just to clear up something from our chat room.
Hey OrangeLawnsRadio, if I'm not correct, isn't this the first time you've ever called out?
called out. Actually it is not. We called out one other time and that was we were
calling the person who correctly guessed. You remember Zonk Tittle Tattle? We told
you guys about that a couple weeks ago and Jazz was the person that got that
right. We actually called him so it's not the first time we've called out but
second. Anywho, speaking of guessing since the cage match voting is now closed I'm
gonna tell you guys who won that. Let's go ahead and let you guys have another
chance to guess what that mystery song could be. So, Footwalk, did you have
anything you want to add? Oh yeah, like when people tell you, you know, are you
getting cold, are you getting hot? I will say someone in the room is pretty
freaking hot. Mmm, very interesting. Yeah, I know I'm not talking about myself
either, but. Some of us just can't help it. Oh my, all right. We're gonna go to a
break pretty soon I think we're just gonna we're just gonna do like a bunch
of like random songs in this next break so we'll probably do that well I gotta
find those songs though so somebody has to help me fill time who's gonna help
full time oh I've had how many shots now like I think well most of this glass so
that would be six shots yeah I'm feeling okay but a little dizzy little slightly
dizzy you know what not really I feel we're like it's you know if it were a
cheat night it would be on I need to sit down with someone with some either dark
rum or tequila and just do shots.
Um, let's see.
Okay, um, other than that, let's see, what else can I talk about?
I should have brought my amaretto for you.
Oh, oh!
You know what, actually, um, where's Gypsy Wolf? Because the chat room is reminding me of
something. Gypsy Wolf,
We need- we need embarrassing Loki stories.
Can we give you a couple minutes?
I suppose we can give you a couple minutes. Alright, in the meantime, Loki.
We'll do embarrassing Loki stories after the break.
We do have to get into the Effies of the Week soon, though.
Do you guys want to hear who won tonight's cage match, actually?
I guess.
We'll get to it in a minute.
But I will tell you that one song just, like, obliterated the competition.
It totally blew the competition out of the water. Can you guess what song it is?
Which song would you guys think it is that obliterated the others?
Papa Smurfs Papa Smurfs. What do you think women because our listeners tend to go for the gross potty humor
All right. Well, I mean how else did Loki win the cage match by singing? I'm staying in here
Here's tonight's winner of the orange lounge cage match
Chat room, you have restored my faith in you.
All right, very nice. An upset there by Echo Image winning tonight's cage match was standing
alone.
I'm still getting my revenge next week.
About twice the votes that Bond got. Papa Smurf got one pity.
Oh my God, our listeners have taste.
Very nice.
Oh, and Nelly says they obviously don't.
Oh, Nelly's upset.
That's alright.
You know, I would even, I would even go on a limb and say that this almost restores my
faith in humanity.
Almost.
Almost, but not quite.
I know, I wouldn't go quite that far, but okay.
Let's see, I'm still trying to prep for the next break, because there's songs
I'm looking for a little random mix of songs. I want to play for you guys certainly
I want to know who that one person was what one person the one person who voted I would share, but I'll let them
Reveal their identity in the chat room if they want to oh
Free
Mel says a free max to be rare if the max to or an extreme. Oh, he only says max to
Hey, hey, that's stupid. How's it going? Hey, I might have fallen for that because I would have been all be rare
I'll just throw a, like, a giant paper mache V at them.
Alright, um, sorry guys, sorry guys, we can't take requests this break because we have songs
we really, really want to play for you guys, and, uh, here we go, we will be right back
with more Orange Launch Radio and the FUs of the Week coming up when we get back as
well.
Please don't send those in yet.
Any more clues?
More clues?
Maybe, but, um, send in those, uh, guesses right now.
The Clues Never Stop here on Orange Lake Radio. We'll be back.
Anytime that I hear the jacks play I gotta tell them have a double skit out my way
Puts up the kids and I'm playing some keys I can buy a stereo, you can keep the receipts
And nobody moves the crowd the way I do I've hit brand new boys on my charges
Heard the boom boom baby girl never get beat off Johnny Dynamite
Let them know I've been here, the jacks the only one
And the music is bumpin' CJ's got the whole crowd
So enjoy the doors and go for yours All we want is some more, more, yeah
yeah
break it down for me now yo
like they used to do with the house beat to it and before i'm through with my
Just a nightfall, the first time
Just about half past ten
For the first time in history
Gotta start prayin' then
It's prayin' then
Hallelujah, it's prayin' then
Amen
It's prayin' then
Hallelujah, it's prayin' then
informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Logie. Hallelujah, it's raining men.
Moving on, we are
speaking of, you know, things that have been
coming over me private message we have some more guesses
for the song that we've been trying to guess all night long
Mel, it starts off with, I'm sorry, Float, it starts off with this one
this is a good one from El Mullet the guess is Divine Sweet Divide by Tanya
Donole and this is why
the jam on the bagel is sweet and sells divide
too abstract sorry yeah a little bit too abstract but
not a bad guess there I like the way you're thinking
Yeah, I like the ways that you do.
John Field says, cytoplasm by WND Games.
Cytoplasm is unique in all cells.
In fact, it holds everything inside a cell,
and a cell always has a nucleus, which
is round like a doughnut hole.
Sold.
Not quite.
Although probably right now, with these guesses,
I'm probably relearning everything.
I've forgotten physiology, man.
I sucked at biology, except when we talked
about the reproductive system.
Oh yeah, I aced that sucker.
Alright, that's all the guesses so far.
That's all?
Yeah, that's it so far.
My goodness.
We'll see you a little later.
We'll open it up for more guesses.
Like I said guys, I mentioned before the last music bed.
Someone in the room is very hot on its trail.
After that last batch, somebody else is just like smoking, honestly.
I mean, just thinking a little too far into it.
Can you honestly clue me into what we're talking about?
Shut up.
Alright.
Let's see, I think we should do the FUs of the Week now. What do you guys think?
Okay, we don't have to. I mean, we can just stay here.
Damn it, I need to vent.
You know what? No, I'm sorry. Before we vent, though, where's Gypsy Wolf?
Because the chat room is begging for more Loki stories.
Loki, could you please leave the room for a minute? Bye, Loki.
Yes, bye. No, Loki. Bye, Loki. Nellie, can you take him in the bedroom?
Oh, what's the worst? All he's going to do is object to things.
All right, all right, yeah. He won't have a microphone, so it won't matter.
So, any funny childhood stories from Loki?
Okay, well, okay. Anybody's familiar with constructs?
The building toys? The kind of snapular? Those little blue things?
Whatever. Okay, well, one thing that, you know, I used to do
would be this this was also before i was no this was after i was born but i was too young to
remember most of it i saw pictures my mom showed me so anyway but you would build um power suits
out of the constructs and run around the house with them you know shoot the dog whatever was cool
but uh i don't know i can't really remember all that dad oh the one that was the best thing i
love this this wasn't embarrassing this is just fun um it was uh it was mission control with our
dog and Matt would look you would sit there and he would our dog our Labrador
would walk around the house and do stuff eat drink etc her normal thing and he
would say Houston we are taking in water and she would drink basically I would do
I would do the you know the ground control at NASA's commentary on
everything that my dog was doing as if it were like some sort of spaceship or
something it made people crack up like craziness funny um it was great when she
was downloading you know cargo and taking a dump out back oh yeah but it
was great jettisoning fuel my dog is awesome she's dead anyway pets are cool
but you know I mean that is so wrong what else were they used to do oh yeah
we have like um what else was it um I can't remember much we I mean we did a
We did a lot with Marble Works. We did a lot of crap with that. We put water down them and shit.
We hit Army Men in Mom's Bicus Tree.
No, I remember now. I have a water balloon launcher
and I used to launch tennis balls at the people on the bike trail
over the green belt from us. It was cool because you can, like, hit those people
from 200 yards away. And we got lucky one time and we hit a guy
and he fell over and that was funny. Yeah, that was that and then there was those little
guys you could do, or you could get army men and strap parachutes to them on really windy
days, they'd fly right over the house. You'd watch them go. Like, bye! Melted quite a few
army men too, that was kinda cool. I'm trying to think. Did he ever shit himself or anything?
I ate dog food. As a kid. He ate a whole entire bowl of gravy train. Gravy from ear to ear
when he was a kid. Dude, it had meat in it, okay? If it's good enough for the dog, it's
Meech!
Give me Meech!
The dog's like, what the hell, where'd my food go?
Alright, well thank you for sharing those with us, we needed some good embarrassing
Loki stories, so...
They weren't that bad, but they were still funny.
They were cute.
They were cute.
I killed the man with a trident through his chest.
I found-
It's from Anchorman, I'm sorry.
Alright.
Okay.
Yes, Dark Sakura.
Nothing.
Alright.
Then I think it's...
I think it's...
I have pictures too.
Do you have pictures?
They have pictures too.
It's in my photo album somewhere.
My baby photo album.
Does this mean we can call you Alpo?
Uh, I think it was Gravy Train.
Gravy Train!
It was the kind that you pour in the water into it and it makes the gravy.
Did you go around chasing the little imaginary, you know, wagon?
No.
I have a question. Loki, what does this remind you of?
L3?
No.
Rob?
What?
I just had the worst idea ever, and no, this had nothing to do with Andrew.
Okay?
Next remix for Loki.
Uh, long chain runnin' but he has to do something with
dogs or something. He probably needs to do a remix of Disco Dog.
Anyway, let's get into the FUs of the Week.
Alright, Jamie why do we have to do the FUs of the Week every single week on
this show?
cuz we're full of to anger
an FU to John Fields for making me laugh while I have a headache
for shiny disco dog balls
My first F.U. goes to the chat room for not guessing correctly, and not enough of you guessing, so god damn it guess, and to Silent Ben for misspelling the word that you misspelled.
There's a site called dictionary.com, just use it, learn how to spell please people and
learn grammar and by the way, you is not spelled you, that is a letter, it's y-o-u, your is
spelled y-o-u-apostrophe-r-e or y-o-u-r depending on the context you're using the
word not you are okay now if they put apostrophe u apostrophe u then that
would be okay how would it be okay because an apostrophe is for if you're
shortening the word so but there are only certain allowed abbreviations of
words that are grammatically correct that are commonly accepted by people who
have been educated that doesn't matter we the third grade they're not educated
we know that and normally normally I'm I've gotten a whole but I've gotten off
of my whole grammar fiend kick I got it like but it just I hit my saturation
point sometimes.
So anyway, another F.U. goes to the people on the road who
are major assholes and don't know how to drive.
Amazingly enough, my drive here was without incident.
But a lot of my driving lately, especially to and from
work have been full of people who usually drive semis who don't know how
to drive semis are cool okay I hate the ones that are like the trucks full of
gravel but the gravel flies all the way up I have a crack in my windshield now
because of the freaking rock truck it's like you asked and it's gonna cost like
$300 if I wanted to replace my windshield I mean it's so minor that I
can live with the look but it's there and right in the corner of my vision
it's like it's it there's what my car is already raped and now I've got a crack
it's not a crack it's like it's not a crack it's a chip in the windshield is
what it is and up his meal so so uh another if you goes to the hot I I
really dislike this part of living in Sacramento I love the winter because I
like the rain a whole lot and I like the one I moved out here it was raining and
I was like, oh, it's just like Alabama, yay.
But anyway, it's just a pain in the ass.
You know, we think this is getting real cool.
And then it's hot, so it's like, what's up with that?
Also, an F.U. goes to my apartment manager for me
having told her weekly for the last month
to fix my goddamn air conditioning,
and it's not fixed yet.
And again, with it getting into triple digit heat
and not having a working air conditioner,
That's like a health hazard.
You know in Arizona, if your apartment manager doesn't fix
your air conditioning in your apartment, you can take them
to court for it.
And I wouldn't be surprised if you could do it here.
And seriously here, I mean, I honestly would have grounds
for negligence, because there is a statute that's referred
to as duty of utmost care.
And see, I know this because I'm taking business law right now, so don't fuck with me.
But no, it's especially like for hotels, for people who run facilities, there's a duty
of utmost care to provide services to tenants, to guests, you know, that they need to make
sure that they provide a place that's going to be safe to live, safe to exist, you know,
to operate in, and this is not, you know, safe. You know, when it gets up that hot and
there's no way to keep cool, then that's dangerous. It's getting bad.
Leave my foot alone.
Another, um, F.U. goes toward, uh, American River College. And this is why. Alright, for
For anyone who's been paying attention to my live journal, there's been the saga of
my student loan check.
And see, I work for my lender, so I know where my money is.
I know when my funds have been disbursed.
I know how to do your job, financial aid department at ARC.
I could do your job blindfolded.
So when I'm told that my check is mailed out last Friday, and it's, you know, I check the
every day I'm not meaning last Friday as in two days ago I'm meaning the week
before it does not take seven days to mail a check in town okay maybe two but
not in Carmichael when ARC is six minutes from my house and the post office
is six minutes from both ARC and my house no this is just it so I'm gonna
call them on Tuesday and say excuse me bitches if my money isn't here within
the next two business days give me my money your asses are getting reported to
the Department of Education and you know what they will do to you they will pull
your funding oh okay I vented that's like been my rage for the week yeah you
forgot it was a three-hour show here for a minute yeah I just had a build-up of
rage and no I feel better. You feel better? Yeah I feel better. What do you have to say?
My foot says get this thing away from me bitch. Oh we found the third mic, scary. Moving on
let's go to Loki and Loki's FUs of the week. Yeah I'm starting to get a little dizzy, that's
uh... yeah
I'm starting to get a little dizzy, that's cool
now first F.U. goes to my stupid cabinet in the god damn I-Pack 2 for not working
I don't even know why, because it works for like two seconds, or like, well maybe a little longer
two seconds, but like 30 seconds or like half a song in DDR
and it just stops working for no reason, and I don't know why, I thought it was
conflicting with the I-Pack 4 that I had in there, but
no, that's not the case because I unplugged the other one, and it still breaks
So apparently, my shitty solder job that I did on it, um, didn't work, so I need to, um, I don't know, get a new one, I guess.
Maybe it's because it shares the name with a crappy Mac it off the computer.
Oh, oh, I'm sorry, I forgot there's a Mac lever in here.
I'm gonna go run and hide now.
Oh yeah, I'm coming after you, and I'm gonna clock you over here with my iPod.
Fuck you to the new, um, iMacs, because, um, well, you can make them look prettier, but they're still gonna suck.
I see you can make them look prettier, but they're still gonna suck.
Dude, what is this? Like, crap on the Mac fan bay?
Sorry, it's just, it's no fair to you, because you happen to have a bunch of IBM freaks here, so...
You know what, if I had $3,000, I'd love to buy it.
What the hell is the I in the iMac and iPod? What the hell does i mean?
Internet or something, I don't know, what?
Like, I don't know how to use computers, so I'd buy this piece of shit. Mac.
The opinions expressed on this show by Loki.
Seriously, I think Apple computers are for people that don't know how to use computers, but think that pretty computers are good.
Loki is very lucky. He's far across the room from me right now, but he's not far enough to miss being hit in the head by a soda bottle or something.
now now now now now we have
and defense and Apple I
played on an Apple II computer and I played a lot of kicks on that loadrunner
so okay
I forgot without Apple we would not have had Oregon Trail represent
yeah or the first version of Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego
or or Odell Lake yeah I was gonna say Odell Lake
My first computer was a Mac, and it came in that little box with the 5 inch screen, and I played a lot of Where in the World was Carmen Sandiego on that thing.
Oh my god, and you know, who needs to upgrade my computer or even work on it? Because I can't get to it because god damn it, the monitor and the computer are the same damn thing!
My first computer was a Texas Instruments computer, where I spent five hours programming in BASIC to watch a little ball bounce back and forth across the screen and change color.
And I forgot about Max's contribution to the first person shooter realm, Marathon, because that game is so much better than Quake and Unreal any day.
Okay, those games weren't even out yet when Marathon came out, man.
Whatever.
I can go on for hours about how bad Apple sucks, but I don't think I will.
Let's talk about Microsoft.
Microsoft sucks too, because Service Pack 2 is lame.
At least he's an equal opportunity offender.
They said Microsoft Windows is never going to be secure until about 2011, 2015.
Well, thank you for warning me. I'm buying your piece of shit now.
Oh wait, no, I'm not buying your piece of shit now. I'm downloading it for free. Ha ha ha
Anyways, you know by then the hackers will have new, you know, things it doesn't matter
It's just you know, their software's gonna suck no matter what they have it's all we have. Okay?
That's what you get when you outsource
You know those people in yet. They're just not sharp as those people in you know America. No, wait, I'm wrong
They are sharper than them
Anyways, um, no, other than that, um, really not anything else I'm mad at other than, um,
well, not anyone being accused last night because there, I don't know where the hell
people were in Vacaville.
No, no, no, I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about the Vacaville folk that normally
are there.
Oh, is that normal?
You know, there's no skater cowboy, no anything.
Oh yeah, no skater cowboy.
It was just, no one there.
like oh my god they left Vacaville that's scary anyways were there any cows
there no I don't know I think they're on vacation too but yeah that that's pretty
Pretty much all I've got right now is just those few things and yeah, I'm done.
No things just keep getting worse, no actually it's been an okay week but I would just first
like to say you know what, if I was going to say FU to Apple that's because I was a
Commodore 64 fan back in the day but you know but I have been I've been
contemplating buying a Mac laptop I am NOT gonna listen to Loki I kind of want
one anyway cuz laptops are different I think laptops are different because you
can't upgrade even a PC laptop very easily so not very easily you can put up
like a memory upgrade that's the main thing you can do I want one I want one
where otherwise an F you I don't know an F you to the fact that I'm leaving
again in just over a week and that makes me sad and I don't want to leave again
for two weeks especially with everything that's kind of going on back home I don't
want to get a lot of money I could get stars you get paid in money and sex yeah
I'm on the other hand at the same time I shut up Nellie at the same time like
Like when I do go, the company pays for all my food, so like that'll be extra money that
I can spend on video games!
No, go ahead and finish the FUs, I completely forgot about that.
I guess I'm done since the rest of you are going to take all the time.
Ooh.
Aww.
No, no, no, this wasn't about FUs of the Week, this is, I won a trip to San Diego in October.
I'm going to be staying at the Hotel Del Coronado
which is basically a fucking expensive hotel, which is also haunted
and uh... take your germanium, I mean your portal to hell, I mean your...
Shut up!
I'll never get past security on the plane. They'll think it's a bomb.
Oh, nevermind.
What is that bomb you have? It's not a bomb, you said bomb, you're a terrorist!
Okay, that's all I have. But yeah, Hotel Del Coronado.
Awesome place in San Diego. All expenses paid by my work. Awesome. Yummy
OLR stalker fans now you know where to find them. All right, moving on
Let's go to float walk with his FUs of the week
Lordy, well, I'm gonna keep this actually pretty short. First FU of the week goes to all the people over
there in Japan's board to say that the people who are creating steps for Ultramic 2
who don't deserve to be doing any of it.
Oh, like you people do over on the board. Come on.
It's funny because one of the biggest arguments is,
well, I've never seen any of these guys ranked on the Simphile community.
I'm still here thinking, what the hell?
That should be a credit.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm still here thinking, OK, wonderful.
90% of Simphiles I've seen are 1,100 finger step patterns.
I mean, okay, you try putting 200 pounds of pressure on those fingers and doing that,
then maybe, just maybe, I'll give you a little bit of credit there.
And like, you know, meanwhile, you're doing, you know, having a real life and making money
doing your job, where these other people who have no jobs are sitting there doing nothing
but making steps and putting them on communities and stuff.
Hey, I know there's a lot of probably a few cool, you know, people there online doing
these steps, but seriously, you've got a life you need to take care of first.
uh... i mean you got all that going on in our thinking with all the ed to make
it simple
guess what you're just make your basically played two d x there you know
yeah it was the other day you know i don't want to know i'm on
arrow smashing
uh... you know it is and noticed they weren't we don't know we're talking about
were under qualified for it
i'd i could go off about
how could you know we
you know we are in all of that but you know it played a m
that they are a lot of it
but already
uh... i mean i think you know what the game drops i think people are
definitely going to be pleasantly surprised.
And you know what though, people are still going to hate, same thing I was telling Seeker
when he was here, I said, you know what, no matter what, when the game comes out, people
are going to hate the steps that whoever those folks at Konami put in the steps did put in
there, because it happens every single time. And damn right those people are going to bitch,
because they didn't do the steps, they're going to say, I'm going to make something
better.
It's funny, it just cracked me up, because I remember stumbling upon like an edit, you
know, vault online, and their headline is called, who needs Konami original steps anyway.
And oh man, the people around the office were ready to throw down with the maker that side.
But you know, it's all good. You know, we're rich. They ain't.
Scoreboard. Look at the scoreboard. Our scoreboard says we got paychecks.
And um, last nephew of the week just goes to work.
I know, yeah, you guys are thinking, why should I bitch about working at Konami?
Guess what? I have to work tomorrow for Labor Day.
And not on a fun game at that. But, that said, you know, that's just a fright.
You know, I got people who want to spend time with me, you know, I got a lady who needs some lovin' and, you know, what happens?
I gotta leave her in the morning, man. Like, you know, I'm just, uh, you know, John Depp picked her up and, you know, dumped her off, man.
Well, what's up with that?
Huh.
You know, it ain't really like that.
Preach it, brother.
Having to work in the morning sucks.
Oh yeah, and one last few. Goes to Order of Chaos, actually.
Sure, you know, people say you shouldn't crack on your own. Well, guess what?
Ever since he posted that rubbernecking post of all the car accidents, every day I've commuted to work, I've had to be stopped because of, like, traffic accidents happening.
So he's made my commute, like, half an hour worse every single day ever since he posted that two weeks ago.
Thanks a whole hell of a lot for nothing. You get no Oreos. Bye.
Wow.
I love you anyway.
So, special lady, shark's girl, do you have any FUs you'd like to give us tonight?
Well, I kind of did and then I'm just in pain and kind of mellow now so this a few space for rent highest bidder
I'll bid a penny. Give me a dollar bitch
Angel your FUs of the week. All right a few to SBC for
Basically giving us the lowdown of having or we have to pay a hundred fifty dollars to get a
phone jack in the den to have DSL and you know what I don't think I want to
play that I'm gonna shop around a bit see if well yeah we can do cable too but
we want this is true but I want to or other people in the house want to
exhaust all options first before submit error you know subjecting to cable so
we'll see what happens well cable in Sacramento is just better than all the
I might want to research that.
Yeah, it's looking at the internet.
I created the internet.
Alright, and um...
I don't know. I guess that's it.
Because I can't think of anything at the moment.
Alright, let's go on to explicit.
I want to give an F to Texas Hold'em. God damn it. I need some cards that goes at least
an 8, 9, 10, Jack Queen King at least. All I'm getting is nothing but 2s and 3s. How
the hell can you win an actual Texas Hold'em game with just those cards?
Someone's cheating.
Play 2-7 off suit. Best hand in the game.
Yeah, but, fuck. I'm not wasting no fucking forty percent.
Another F.E. goes to my family for forcing me to play the damn game.
Goddammit, I told you I'm not wasting more money.
I only play games that I know I'm going to win money on, like Blackjack.
I get two hundred on cash for getting that.
Takes a total of them, ah, no wins whatsoever.
I was trying to just say fuck you to the cars itself for giving me the bad luck.
And fuck you to some lady throwing a damn beer bottle in my head.
What?
I just mentioned this before.
That's just her way of saying I love you.
Whoa!
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, she wants to share a drink.
Nothing says I love you like a beer.
a drink. I got hit in the head right here. Aww, dude. Got hit in the top of my head,
dammit. You should have been like, aww, you want a drink, huh, bitch? Beer tastes good.
I was just waving like this. You didn't have to put a damn beer bottle at me. Perhaps you
were thinking taste great and she really meant less filling. Oh, yeah. That's not a word.
Alright, anything else?
F you for some kids pissing on my Toyota Corolla S-Tire!
What?
Yes!
Dude!
Holy crap!
You know, waving is the first step to rape.
She was only defending herself.
There's a reason why there's porta-
There's a fucking reason why there's porter potties and bathrooms.
You can't piss on tires, they don't clean the tires.
If you do the security up at the rage for breaking up a battle and stuff, and for breaking
up people freak dancing in there, this guy's gonna have a nice boner by accident after
some girl's freaking on me.
There's no fucking way I'm raping her!
Remember that part about TMI being in the show? Remember that part?
Raping is a crime, but freakdancing is not.
Oh, man.
Alright, anything else?
Uh, let's just say, dude, be continued.
Alright.
There's too much, there's too much.
Thank you, Sal.
Uh, do you really want to go there?
Say what you want, buddy. Say whatever you want.
Hey, uh, all I have to say is big F you to people who want to fucking, miserable people who have made their lives fucking horrible on their own and want to fucking bring everybody else down because they're fucking immature little fucking pricks.
You go ahead and do it without us. Go ahead, drive your fucking car off the road and kill yourself because no one's gonna fucking miss you. Don't bring us down because of your shit.
And I don't need to really go into detail. It's kind of a personal thing, but it's been a fucking rocky weekend.
And they have to understand, to open a door, it does not require your fists going through the door, but there's a handle there.
Okay, yeah.
And yes, goddammit, Diet Dr. Pepper does taste like regular Dr. Pepper.
No sacrifices here, Rens.
Yeah.
Uh, I think we have a segment, or a little subject for a Wednesday show, right?
Alright, uh, Gypsy Wolf, do you have any FUs?
It's brilliant. Okay, FU to Sacramento for not having any decent clubs.
I haven't found one yet, I still have yet to find one.
I've been to a couple, most of them are either really ghetto or really teeny-boppers.
Have you been to Paces?
No.
If you can put up with a gayity, it's a lot of fun.
I just haven't tried it yet.
And there's sexy men there. I'll take you there sometime.
My car just opened.
I have not been to a car. I haven't had time.
Anything else?
Wait, no, nothing else.
Blasphemous for me to say it, I know.
The FU is for the game being too short.
I'm almost done, over 90 stars, and only at 22 hours, and FU to parties not wanting my
sexy level 12 thief in Final Fantasy XI to join them.
Karma Titan says, he wants to get political, he says, FU George Bush, Bush lied, people
died.
FU I lived through 110 plus, all freaking day and it ain't that bad.
FU All your basars belong to us...
VXJsonXV I would like to submit one on behalf of my
Rai Chan, FU to Adelphia for breaking cable two days ago and not planning on doing anything
about it until wednesday...
Ninz FU to my job and the people I work with,
the job is getting to be bullshit and people are getting more stupid
Ninz also says FU to my computer, I had to format earlier and of course there were a
problems during the format.
DDR Nemesis says, F you to Floatwalk and Dancer X for giving clues that are too
fucking hard.
It would be really easy clues if you had paid attention in school.
I don't know, the more you scream, the harder it gets. Ooh, there you go.
Wait a second, isn't that what you told me last night?
I was just gonna...
Damn it, you stole...
I was just going to say it's like sex, the more you relax, the easier it will get, anyway.
BlackDevilRx says, you know Loki is really a good guy, so F you to the guy who threw
a beer bottle at him, except that was explicit, they got the beer bottle.
And he says, he also says F you to service pack 2.
Misty says F you to the little kids that like to screen their lungs off when I'm at work,
the arcade and already have a headache
shade twenty-three says f you to california for having such better arcades
than us on the east coast bastards
come to sacramento sometime you'll feel right at home
by better you mean broken than yes
lunaria says f you to dj potato for all of his music especially for killing
five one one with his remix three four four and also f you to hurricane francis
f you to wicco for not sending me my white popping buttons and delaying me
building my poppin' ASC. I happen to like DJ Potato. He's a cool guy.
Meanie. F you to Black Devil RX for not caring about me, dammit!
Silent Ben says F you to Sakura for singling me out. I think he meant Dark Sakura.
She's different than the song in DDR. Please don't boot me.
Okay, you need to realize something about me.
I only single people out out of love.
go. She's singling you out for a hug. Uh, hugs! Legend of Zaku says F you to the fact
that summer is over, F you to having to spend three hours shopping for a new backpack today,
F you to Sam Goody for selling $18.99 CDs for songs that have been out almost over nine
years, F you to having nothing to do this Labor Day weekend, and F you to myself for
having to exchange a belt I bought at Hot Topic today for a larger size thinking that
the first one was going to fit me, ouch. FU to Microsoft for shitting on XP users with
piss poor fixes such as service pack 2. Pixydust says my FU goes to carpal tunnel syndrome,
the hospital doctor that saw me was such a cunt and happened to tell me that he hates
Bel Air so much so fuck him. Typing one hand sucks monkey balls, other than that FU goes
to pain, FU goes to boredom. SAME says FU to GameStop for looking at me like I was a
dumbass for asking for the u.s. extreme v-rare and f you to float walk for
dissing my edit site I did just have more of I didn't see a damn thing on
there dark night says Oh sky a bonus f you to the major rain we had in
Virginia recently almost made Richmond look like the new Atlantis totally
underwater flare on a says f you to scandia for still not fixing the DDR pad
karma Titan says f you to all toys tangerine sours are sour and misty has
FU to the Arcade for bringing the EX to three songs for credit. It was four. And taking off the unlocks.
Oh, I'll give John Fields one. FU to Construction on Highways that should have been finished years ago.
Okay, that's it. No more FUs. We're done with the segment. It's done. It's over. Complete. Finished.
Alright. Oh, God, that was a long FU segment tonight. Shit.
shit
i think we need to talk about some like actual bimani news at this point is
is there anything else we could uh... bimani news what's that bimani crap
i forgot what that was
cuz we haven't talked about it in a long time
uh...
well it's not really bimani news but it's dance mania news and as we all know
the japanese
Folks always get a lot of their songs from the dance media CDs. There is a CD calling called
Transparadise it was recently released in Japan for
1995 yen
Transparadise tracklist isn't here yet. We'll post it to our website soon and
In not really related to Bemani per se
But those you guys that play a lot of video games if you were listening to Wednesday's show you heard about
Acclaim, the video game publisher for such games as Turok, they went bankrupt.
Acclaim is gone.
I remember back in the days when Acclaim was cool, back in the days when we had NBA Jam.
I say a moment of silence for Acclaim.
Okay.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Did you say a moment of silence for acclaim?
You know, I have a problem with the volume of my voice. No, I can't do that because that'd be too obvious.
I liked NBA Jam, it was awesome. You know, I would always kick ass on it, and it was really cool.
So, I wish that game was still around though, because I think they got rid of it, but whatever.
Yeah. Anyway, let's give the folks in the chat room another chance to guess at that news.
I hope someone gets it. I want to play this song. Don't let Dancer X have another victory, you guys.
You need to get it.
I will say this. As I was scrolling back through the text of everyone in the chat room, someone got half of the clue correct.
Like, dead on.
Dope. But you gotta send it over a private message.
I mean, as they were thinking aloud, they actually stumbled upon a key part of the answer.
Alright, well, you better send those guesses right now to Sky in the chat room with your guess.
Meanwhile, Loki has a song he would like to play for all you guys, and I have to yell at everyone a little bit
because we've been trying to get you guys to participate by naming this remix in our forum.
To hell with you people.
gotten like maybe like two guesses or two suggestions that weren't that great so
some of you guys said though you were like we need to hear it one more time
before we can give it a name so fine here you go your last chance to hear
this mix and give it a name fair enough yeah all right so I already have a name
if you don't pick one all right so Loki with a remix of radical faith as yet
unnamed so go to our forums www.orangetownsworded.com look for the thread
and Bimani discussion and guess and give it a title, whatever you want.
And Seagurd Rocks, as cute as that was, is not a good remix title.
That would be for like an Echo Image remix or something.
All right.
All right.
Here it is.
Anything else you want to say about this remix of Radical Faith,
Loki, that you did?
Brand new?
No, not really.
All right.
And again, we're open for guesses, and I've gotten one guess so far from
Seagurd, and he's guessing, is it Love Love Shine?
No, this song is not Love Love Shine.
And you can't guess, you dumbass!
You should have guessed the same thing you guessed the first two times, because you were right the first two times.
Alright, here it is. Loki's brand new remix of Radical Fate.
I want some... no.
Name this.
I'm not gonna... I'm just gonna shut up now because I'll just give it away.
All right, www.orangeletree.com, forums, name it.
Very sexy from Loki, Radical Phase.
an unnamed remix, and I gave you guys the URL to post to on our forum, so...
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm a little loud. Sorry, sorry.
Yeah, quit yelling.
Okay, Jamie still has, like, a raging headache right now.
Alright.
And explicit as a raging boner.
What?
And you noticed.
Well, no, he was saying earlier in a story that freak dancing is not illegal.
It's like...
Raging boner, I don't know.
It's like, I don't know, remember realultimatepower.net?
No, sorry.
This script is awesome.
Again, as a reminder, please don't send me your suggestions.
I should say, over private message, you want to go to the forums and post those.
That link I posted in the chatroom that says suggest here with a big arrow.
Yeah, click on that.
Don't talk condescendingly to your listeners.
I know.
And now you've heard someone speaking with you.
Way to go, Loki.
Way to go.
You're off our listeners, Loki.
Way to go, Loki.
You're off our listeners.
That's right.
You know what, Loki?
Your music sucks.
You should never...
That's right, your music sucks.
You know what, this vacuum sucks.
Alright, let's talk about the Orange Center radio spinoff shows.
who always have to plug these at some point during the show. Monday night on our station
you can hear Diversion, the Bimani remix show. Are you going to do maple syrup shots over
there, Logie? He has a thing of... Spin off, spin off. He's showing me a thing of Mrs.
Butterworth's going, Rob, as if like I find Mrs. Butterworth hot or something. Spin off,
spin off. Oh yeah. Monday night, Diversion, Bimani remixes, 7 o'clock, tune in, love it.
What's happening on Tuesday night, Jamie? You need to be mixing some Malibu with that
That happens on Tuesday night?
No. Tuesday night, pump up the volume. Starring me, the awesome and...
You know, I went to Game Crazy, and the guy there gave me my official nickname.
He was asking me what my name was because we were putting in something for some order.
And I was like, my name is Jamie, the great and terrible.
And he was like, how about Jamie, the truly awesome and never nice.
So that's my new official title.
And never nice.
I'm never nice. I'm I am officially completely awesome and never nice
anyway
My show is on Tuesday, and it's called pump up the volume, and I have a pre-show that starts at 7
although when I'm really bored it starts earlier than that and
The show show starts at 730, but because I now have to get my ass up at 5 a.m.. Every morning. I
My show is usually over right at 1030 unless I'm like really bored, and I'll keep it going
going. I was supposed to do my show last Tuesday, and I had to do an emergency announcement
because I had to get my homework done. So, blame my apartment manager for not turning
on my AC, so I couldn't concentrate on my homework on Monday, so I had to do it on Tuesday.
As promised, I'm going to be doing overclock remixes, and I'm thinking about marathoning
another CD. I don't know, maybe Sim and Flow, I don't know.
Maybe Echo Image.
The echo image, that's a good idea.
I don't know, I just, give me ideas.
I'm dropping the key, oh shit.
No, you don't got to be doing.
Oh crap, I just closed the.
Oh, I think she just out F4'd the chat room.
That was an accident, I don't even know how I did that.
And she hasn't even been drinking either, I mean.
I just.
Nice.
Okay, the cam's still going.
Okay, yeah, if you don't see DarkSakir in the chat room,
it's all right, she'll be back.
Where's IRC?
I think it's over here.
Okay.
Well...
Hey Rob.
Yes.
Pick up the flack.
Quick.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, Rob!
Well, we were gonna go to break, but it's only ten minutes left in the show, so I thought
actually we'd just go ahead and just kinda skip the break and come back to what we were
gonna do.
Wait.
Wait.
One more show.
Huh?
One more show.
Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
Wednesday nights.
Mikey style, tell us about Wednesday nights.
Wednesday nights is the night, you know, you're probably like, hey, it's Wednesday night,
home night you know starting to feel good about the work that week you know
so why don't you come on over and tune in at seven o'clock at Orange Lounge
radio on live 365 and listen to outside the box because like the name says it's
quite outside the box even though we talk a lot about boxes I don't know why
but the main reason why you should listen to show is because I co-host it
with rice princess you know so it's not just rob all the time because Rob's the
the queen that always takes over the show you know runs it so please listen
seven o'clock Wednesday nights we have another guest on the song yeah and I
definitely want to share something we're almost out of show I really want someone
to get it so it's an open forum tell the rest for the rest of show send in your
guesses for the rest of the show and hopefully someone gets it here's what
What's a jazz guest?
Loki, don't even. You're gonna get somebody in trouble.
I have a guess. What?
It's a song. Yeah, it is.
Uh, Flo Walk. Let's get a Flo Walk mic.
Okay, lay it on me.
Jazz is guessing
nucleus with something smooth.
There's a cell in the body that does not have a nucleus and the jelly and cream
cheese on the bagel are both smooth.
I'll give you something smooth.
Wow.
You know, when I said people were onto something, I was not kidding.
is on to it however he is only half right oh well you got 10 minutes to
figure it out or else you're gonna go another week without knowing sorry guys
Rob I think we should just keep playing Gemma Marmalade. Nah just just just don't even go
there don't even go there cuz you're gonna get somebody in trouble shut up
all right Loki you're not allowed to talk the rest of the show. Give to Radiskull.
Let's do some Ask Orange Lounge, boys and girls.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge, some stupid question. What will we find out tonight on Ask Orange Lounge?
We're gonna make a jam, and then we're gonna get it on, and hopefully someone will get that clue right about...
Did you say jam?
Moving on.
The show's on something after all.
Umm, Skypline's open as well, but please don't call if you've already been on this show.
We want other people to have a chance.
Well, I mean, I'm just saying that, you know, don't, you know, let's spread the love.
I wonder how jam shots would be.
Shut up! Shut up, seriously.
People are never going to come back to this program.
Alright.
Alright, I was going to take some questions from our chat room, but I don't see any questions
from our chat room.
Ask your question now!
Shut up, I swear to God I'm going to clock you with this microphone.
Hey, don't clock him.
Alright, Zaku has a question.
did you spend your summer vacation at work answering 40-plus calls in queue
from people trying to get student loans to go to school that's how I spent my
summer vacation next at work supposedly answering calls but it's
I was supposed to be answering calls, but I was brought on the internet instead.
Like many of you, I spent my summer not getting laid.
Luckily, summer's over.
I'm not included in that.
I was talking to our chat room.
Flowhawk, how'd you spend your summer vacation?
In a room right underneath an air conditioning vent, making step data for Ultimix 2, and I got to do a lot of different things.
I got to do some writing for Konami games, not just some project I've been on, but I got to be creative, and I got to use the words bitch and whore quite a bit.
So I think I was entertained.
someone figured it out finally we have a winner
thank God we get to play the damn song before the night's over
you don't say so what's the guess Rob?
well who got it first of all well the winner is white Rob is the person got it not me
I'm a white Rob as well
ho ho ho that's very obvious given your outfit Rob
and I'm giving him permission to tell our chat room what it is so the next
thing white rob says to you guys will be the name of the new song god it's about time so
white rob it's on you buddy a white guy getting he does not have skype he's on 56k so we can't
skype him but uh white rob figured it out so he just gets to post it in our chat room
and once he posts it by the way i really like this song watch him get booted i'm gonna queue
it up so you guys can hear some of it oh but he misspelled it he misspelled it but he still
got it right close enough. Nucleus. All right, so what is it guys? Let's tell the
people who are not in a chat room. What is the song?
Anybody want to say? It's Flo Walk, you should say. The song is by a group called Nucleus
back from the mid 80s and the joint is called Jam On It. And this is a very
unique song for DDR. All I can say is this song is a little bit special for
The only mix of the song I have is eight minutes in length, so I'm gonna only play you guys a clip, because eight minutes is a long time.
Oh, I'm sure the first, like, minute and a half, two minutes should be good enough.
So I'm just going to kind of start in the middle here and see what we get. Here we go.
Rockin' body right back, rockin' speed on the moon, right off the track
It's the whole wide world of funky time
Up to the beat, y'all, get down
Let me rock you to the rhythm of the funky sound
From hill to hill, above sea to sea
I went jam ons, rockin' everybody's screams
Jam on it, jam on it, jam on and on and on and on
It won't feel a lot, you wanna dance on that thing
Go on ahead and blow it
Cause jammin' on is what we do best
It's what separates us from the rest
And if you don't think about it, cruise down for real
Alright, that should give you a good idea of what that song sounds like.
Many of you guys remember that blast from the past song there.
Hopefully, Dancer X isn't too upset that, you know, somebody got it figured out, but,
you know what, that is the longest clue that ever went without being figured out, and so
for that, we give Dancer a big F-you, buddy, for making our lives hell. F-you, buddy!
I can't believe they didn't get it after we played Jammin' Marmalade on the Jazz and It's
Raining Men. I thought that would be like...
I thought that was completely obvious, too, but I guess people just, people don't think
we can have any fun with it.
Like I said, you guys did not have to think very abstract. There was a bagel, there was jam on it, and the bagel kind of looked like a nucleus or something.
Well, don't blame me. That's probably Dancer X's lame idea.
Don't explain the method to your guys' madness, you know, or to his madness.
Our madness is, we give you clues, you suffer.
Rinz, repeat.
Alright, hope you guys enjoyed and congratulations to White Rob for figuring that out.
You all owe him sex, or her, I imagine he's a him though because his name is Rob.
You all owe him sex for getting that right before the end of the show, just under the
wire.
I'll send him some chocolate instead, same difference.
Alright, I'll buy him one of those blow up pillows from Jlist.com.
I have to say I'm excited to play that song. As booty as it is, I think it brings back
solo, everything that was great about solo.
Well I think this is just showing up, like for UltraMix 2, how eclectic the music really
is. I mean, you heard everything from like, you know, just sort of like, you heard trance,
you've heard house, I mean obviously now you're hearing like old school rap, so we're trying
to touch as many, yeah, you know, break it, we're just trying to hit as many basses as
we can.
More to come.
fun ideas for clues in the future? I don't know we're still working on what
to do next. All right okay you know what guys it's time to wrap up the show I
hate to say it but the show's about over here so let's go around and get
everybody's final thought and for those you guys that didn't get your Ask Orange
Lounge questions in stay tuned to After Birth we'll get those answered. Let's see
Let's start with Lankystyle, your final thought.
Hi.
Alright, let's go to...
Oh no, what?
Oh, I've been drinking a little bit and I feel pretty good.
Alright, sounds good.
Let's go to, I guess, FlowWalk, you get a mic. What's your final thought?
Message over to you, same in the chat room. I got three letters for you. L-O-L.
And Sharkskroll, your final thought.
I'm feeling very Jerry Springer here.
Angel, your final thought?
I got a present from Loki.
Yay.
Yay.
Yay.
Oh, the CD?
Yes, the CD.
Good job.
Explicit, your final thought?
Can you come back to me on that one?
Can I what?
Come back.
No.
Damn you!
Alright, Loki, your final thought?
If I shake my head, I get dizzy.
He's getting drunk, guys.
Gypsy Wolf, your final thought.
Um, whoever's throwing beer bottles at people for waving, keep doing it. It's kind of entertaining.
My final thought is, um,
listen to our station a lot and whore up our hours and win in a Curio Mocha CD.
Uh, DarkSakura, your final thought.
My final thought is
I want to go on leave
like travel but I want to be paid for it so pay me to travel send me to what the
fuck are you doing with my final thought is I want air conditioning and money
insects all right we're gonna give Wow Wow no order in that order in that order
because air conditioning is more important.
All right.
The final word of tonight's show,
I'm gonna give it to somebody
who didn't say a whole lot tonight.
Sharks Girl, you gotta give us one word
that sums everything up.
The final word of the show.
Okay, my friend Donna will understand this.
Beans!
That does it for another episode
of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live
is an Orange Lounge radio production.
For more information about our station,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com and now here is your fortune cookie message
of the day.
Oh my god Becky, look at her butt, it is so big.
I like big butts and I cannot buy.
You other brothers can't deny
That when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist
And a round thing in your face
You get sprung when I pull up top
Cause you noticed that butt was stuffed
My homeboys try to warn me But that butt you got makes me so horny
Cause I'm long and I'm strong And I'm down to get the friction on
So fellas, fellas Has your girlfriend got the butt?
Tell her to shake it, shake it Shake that healthy butt
Baby got back, baby got back
Baby got back, baby got back
L.A. face with open booty, L.A. face with open booty, uh, double up, uh, uh, L.A. face
Baby got back, baby got back Baby got back, baby got back
Baby got back
A little in the middle but she got much back
A little in the middle but she got much back
A little in the middle but she got much back
Baby got back, back, back
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright, here's the afterbirth, the part of the show after the credits have faded to black.
I got to make this quick tonight because I'm going out tonight, but I wanted to get the rest of these Ask Orange Lounge questions in because there were some good ones in here.
I didn't think anyone was going to get the jam on it thing. I seriously didn't. Two minutes left in the show.
It was my drunkenness and saying I should do jam shots that clued them in.
Seagurd was gonna ask
Dear Ask Orange Lounge, why can't the chat room figure out this easy clue?
Well, you got owned, didn't you?
You got furred!
Dark Knight says, I got one out of all the drunk shows. What's the record for
most
drinks in an episode? I have a guess. Maybe Dark Sakura wants to share.
Okay, what are you talking about? The time I had like, what,
10 beverages within an hour? Uh, you think?
The last trunk show that we did I had four double shots of tequila
That cheap-ass stuff too and I had half a bottle of
The mudslide mix the TGR Friday's mudslide. I
Finished off the rest about that much of a bottle about maybe three inches worth of the bottle of the Long Island iced tea
What else did I have? Oh, yeah, and I kept making these screwdrivers out of
Malibu and
And I kept drinking those too.
So, I was very drunk, and the thing is, is that where I have really good tolerance,
that much alcohol in the span of an hour, I ended up passing out on Rob's bed and eating like half of Matt's box of waffles.
Yeah, I remember that.
Which I probably still owe you the waffles.
Yeah.
I'll get you some waffles.
Um, tonight I had, what was it, five screwdrivers. Both are, all of them with, um, two shots of vodka in them. So, I guess that'd be ten shots of vodka over the course of three hours.
Right now, really, I don't feel that drunk. I mean, I'm a little dizzy.
Over the course of three hours is a lot better than over the course of an hour.
Well, I didn't want to kill myself, but, you know, um, no, right now I just feel very full because that's, like, a whole thing of orange juice right there. I mean, that's a lot of orange juice.
What I'm worried about though, Loki, sorry, what I'm worried about though, Loki, is you haven't like, I haven't seen you go to the bathroom in these three hour span.
You're a time bomb waiting to go off, man.
Why?
You drink that much alcohol and orange juice, something's gonna explode, man.
My stomach, yeah.
Yeah, all over the...
No, I've never thrown up from alcohol.
No, not throwing up, I'm talking about something else. You haven't been to the bathroom.
I'm not into water sports, so take care of that.
All right.
I'll wake up in the middle of the night.
Why am I all wet?
I've got to hurry up through the rest of these questions, you guys.
Zaku, will you be playing drunk DDR and or any Bamani tonight?
Probably not.
I think most people are going home, and I'm going to the club.
Karma Titan says, question number 108, booga, booga, booga, yay or nay?
Oh my gosh, you guys should have a copy of that.
If you're referring to Booga Booga, no, I'm not playing any game where I stick a finger up someone's ass.
I think it was just Booga Booga Booga. I say yay to Booga Booga Booga.
Booga Booga Booga is cool. Booga Booga is not.
What is Booga Booga Booga?
I don't know.
Uh, Shay23, last question. Any idea when the 8th style limited edition can be bought?
They're taking pre-orders on Konami style already.
Taking pre-orders on Konami style already.
From Flo walk take
