Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week we're doing the Time Warp back to 2006 when Nintendo's hottest new console was nowhere to be found, the NES Classic Edition. Also, OLR was only 4 years old back then. Stay tuned for more news from a now-teenaged OLR right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and Time Warp indeed. We are not live tonight with episode number 665 of our show.
For this, a special Wednesday edition, November the 16th of 2016. My name is Rob Roberts and joining me once again, reunited without the use of radio magic and it feels so good, say hello to DarkSakura or Tami Summers.
We're definitely Time Warping back to 1938, 1939.
Yes, I know there's a lot on everybody's mind this week, but we're just going to try to play some video games instead.
If I could live in several different video game worlds, I would be pleased.
Which world would you want to live in? I think, even though I'll probably get a lot of crap from Shane for this answer because I don't know enough about it according to him, I would want to live in the world of Pokemon. I would. What world would you want to live in? Video game world.
It's actually pretty hard to say. I mean, because, I mean, maybe like a hundred years pre Reaper Mass Effect, maybe, you know.
So you have a nice, a chance to live a nice life.
So I can die before that's done, you know.
A nice full life before, yeah, that all starts.
Or, or even I would say maybe post Inquisition Dragon Age.
I see BioWare fangirl to the very end.
Oh, maybe. Or I would just be a nice barmaid on Azeroth.
That works too.
I would be the barmage.
Would you, would you, would you work at the Goldshire Inn on the Moon Guard server?
No, because it has those fucking creepy kids. You know what I'm talking about.
I do. I know what you're talking about.
Oh my God.
Alright, welcome back. Sorry, I got to do some audio adjustment on the fly for Dark Soccer because it's been so long since you've been here live. We've missed you.
But welcome back. Quickly, how has your gaming month been?
What is up with my mic?
It's just super sensitive tonight.
No, it's actually like weird.
Oh, it's like falling apart in there or something?
Maybe. Hi, Mike. I'm nice to you, pet, pet, pet.
We'll figure that out. Just don't swing it around too much. We'll, we'll operate on it.
I'll swing my thing where I wanna.
No, I'm, it's been interesting because I've had some voice problems.
Yeah.
And, which I sound okay right now, but.
Do you? No, you sound fine.
Girl. So, but like I'm on like a big work restriction where like I have to spend 10 minutes every hour just not talking.
And it's, it's made my life interesting. It's made me learn to listen a lot more.
Interesting. Alright.
So forced silence. Everyone should try it.
Well, I hope you feel better.
Thank you.
And don't, you know, it's, it's great to have you back here on the show though, where luckily since we have several people to share the responsibility here, you don't have to talk nonstop for an hour, which is nice.
You're, you're no Bobby Black Wolf, but I would encourage you to join us sometime.
I'm glad, he's hairy.
I would encourage you, encourage you all to join. What's wrong with that?
Until Dan, I was going to shave him.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I mean, like shave his back.
Alright, anyway.
Just to see if he would notice, like if he woke up with no hair on his back.
OMG. Anyway, you can usually listen to us live Sunday nights, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com immediately after the very handsome Bobby Black Wolf and his show, which you're on.
He is handsome.
But we're not live this week. As mentioned on the show previously, I was out of town last week over the weekend.
So we're giving you this kind of podcast only special bonus show.
Usually I would introduce about now Techmaster Loki, but sadly, Loki couldn't be here tonight.
And, you know, as tempting as it is to make a joke about can Loki and Jamie be in the same room right now?
Like what's going on?
Actually, Loki had a family emergency he has to deal with. He had to bow out this morning.
So our thoughts are with what's going on.
I was just going to say reasons.
Yeah. Well, yeah, I don't want to, you know, it's not my place to disclose.
He's fine. Wife's fine. Kids are fine. It's something else.
That's all I can really say.
Reasons.
So hopefully he'll be back Sunday.
I would really be sad if he missed a huge landmark episode like Sunday Show, which is episode 666.
However, the reality is real life first, family first. We all know that.
So fingers crossed and all that stuff.
However, joining us in studio at last minute notice, which I really appreciate.
Say hello, everybody, to somebody else who we haven't heard from in a while on this show due to work
and the environment and place where he works. It's Alan is back.
Hello.
Hi, Alan. No, not Shane. It's Alan.
Oh, right.
How are you, Alan?
I'm good.
Good. Happy that the elections are over since you work in that polling and all that stuff?
Yes.
Yes. So.
I'm happy that the election is over because of my work schedule, not for any other reason.
Right, right. I wasn't trying to set you up for anything there, but it's nice to have you.
It's nice to have you back on the show this week.
So you're going to help step in and do some of the stories that Loki was going to do for us tonight.
And how's life been treating you recently?
Good.
Yeah. Oh, let me ask the question that came up with Dark Soccer and myself at the top of the show.
If you had to live in any video game world, what video game world would you want to live in?
Possibly Skyrim.
Yeah.
It's fresh on my mind and the version of the game that I had before the special edition, all the dudes were basically like naked.
Like they were technically wearing uniforms, but.
So you don't want to live in Skyrim. You want to live in modded Skyrim.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Alan Alchemy's head cannon Skyrim.
Do you have the Skyrim where the dragons come out to the Macho Man song?
Because they have Macho Man's face.
I thought it came, but they actually came out to the Village People's song.
Oh, yeah.
Instead of roaring, it would say, oh, yeah.
Oh, okay. I thought it actually came out to the song.
There was also a Tommy the Tank Engine mod.
Yeah, that's right.
Is that a part of your Skyrim head cannon?
No.
Because I would want to, oh.
No.
The world of Skyrim is pretty brutal. You got to have something to lighten it up a little bit.
Yeah.
That's why you roll cabbages down the hill.
I could probably mod it. I could probably find a mod to put like Taco Bell in it or something.
There you go. No, that would be Shane's Skyrim head cannon.
It would be the Taco Bell in every village.
What about what Jamie's suggesting, the 5,000 cabbages rolling off a hill?
Is that something that would exist in your Skyrim world?
It could.
Okay.
Well, because if you have access to console, that means basically you're God, so.
Yeah, okay.
I would also want to live in Rezworld because it would mean that I was high as balls.
Is that from watching me play Rez the other night on PlayStation 4?
Yes.
Or you were playing Rez with the headphones on, which is the cruelest thing that you could do.
I'm sorry.
Because of that incredible music. And I'm like, ooh, he's playing Rez and I can't hear a damn thing.
It's more selfish. Let's get it right. It's more selfish because I wanted to be surrounded.
I wanted to be cocooned like Jasmine Masters in the experience of Rez.
But it was selfish because I wasn't going to share that with you by putting it to myself.
You weren't willfully inconsiderate. It was just a symptom of the true reason.
Yes.
Okay.
All right. Anyway, we'll get into our gaming weeks a little more specifically in a little bit.
We don't have a chat room tonight, sadly. Usually I would plug our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
But again, we will be back on 20 November with episode number 666 of our show live.
So if for some interesting reason this is your first episode of Orange Lawns Radio,
I realize this episode's a little different because we actually don't have the live thing going on.
But we wanted to do something a little bit special. We don't like missing shows.
But I will mention real quick before we get into our kickoff topic, I did spend the weekend in Chicago.
And I didn't get to spend a lot of time there, so it's not like I could meet up with all these different people and so forth.
And I wasn't really there for a gaming convention or anything like that.
Although I was there, well, I don't like to say I went to play Ingress because that wasn't the sole reason I went.
I went to Chicago to visit Chicago and Ingress was a good excuse to have something to do while I'm there.
But it was really about visiting my friends that were out there.
And I have some friends out there, several of the hosts of a show that used to be around Koopa Club live there.
And we became friends through the podcasting community and all that stuff.
So I was able to hang out with them and just really get to see Chicago.
And I had a great time. It was a fun city.
You really need to go, Alan. Next time, we'll go when there's not an election happening.
And I think you'd enjoy Chicago a lot.
Let's go like early February. Just like the worst part of winter.
Not during the winter. That's the one thing. I love Chicago, but I don't love the winters there.
That airport is cursed because you briefly had a scare.
Everybody gets delayed at O'Hare.
And actually, I learned that for transit, it's honestly easier to do Midway.
So, note to self.
The weather there is really Bucky.
Yes.
Bucky O'Hare.
Anyway, didn't really do a lot of gaming in the city.
Didn't do a round one or a Dave and Buster's.
I mean, it was just Ingress.
I've talked ad nauseam about that game and so has Loki.
So I don't know what else I want to say about the event.
We lost. I mean, that was that.
But I had a good time. It's not really about winning or losing because it was just meeting people.
And I met people from all over the country and had a really good time.
So, yeah, I really found a lot to love in Chicago.
You got to eat pizza flavored casserole. So that was good.
Yes. Yes.
That is authentic deep dish pizza. It was amazing.
They took me to a place in Chicago called Cheesy's, which like everything on the menu is like super cheese.
Like I had a grilled cheese sandwich, but instead of just grilled cheese, it actually had mac and cheese in it.
And I knew it was going to make me sick, but actually it didn't.
I did very well. I was ready for it mentally.
Prepared. Anyway.
All right. Enough about food.
Let's get into video games.
Although I suppose snacky foods like mac and cheese go hand in hand with games sometimes.
And things from the past, which is our kickoff topic tonight.
So a lot of the stories we're going to focus on this week are things that have come up kind of in the last week.
And then on our next live episode, we'll focus more on the stuff this week.
But obviously this is a big story that kind of continues to go on is the release of the NES classic, the miniature NES.
Right. And, you know, we've talked about this on the show before leading up to this, but these retro consoles have been doing very well.
Like Atari has had a new one.
I think they're up to what, like flashback seven or something.
They've had a new little Atari on the shelf every year.
It seems like of some type of flashback console Coleco.
There's one out there in television.
Sega is really big on these now too, right?
Like a target, you can get a Genesis or a handheld, but they didn't call it.
They didn't name it after the Sega handheld.
They just have like a handheld Genesis that you can get too.
Well, now Nintendo's getting in on this action.
And since there's not really a lot going on for Wii U this holiday,
granted 3DS has Pokemon, there's not a lot going on on Wii U.
This is kind of Nintendo's big thing for the holiday.
And it was released on Friday and it pretty much sold out instantly everywhere.
Like most Nintendo things tend to do these days, it seems.
Jason mentioned in the intro there, the Wii had this problem, right? Big time.
If you weren't camping outside back in 2006.
Remember 2006 Dark Soccer when we traveled around to all the lines?
What was it we gave out?
Orange soda as promo for the show. Some cheesy thing. Donuts.
Donuts is part of it. Maybe coffee.
I know that Kristin and I bribed our way into the Wii line with donuts and coffee.
No, they were great. It was just Kristin.
Maisie wasn't here for that, right? It was just Kristin.
But she was great in helping us go around and all that.
Yeah, I just had a great time.
Anyway, so there was that with the Wii.
And then with the Wii U, there was lowered supply.
It was a little harder to find, but I think because the demand for the Wii U wasn't as high,
it wasn't as big a problem. Just kind of depended where you were.
I remember when you got your Wii U, it was a week or two after release,
and you said, I'm going to open up the Target app.
No, it was the day of. It was the day of.
Oh, it was the day of.
But it wasn't like 6 a.m. camping out front.
It was like after brunch.
Yeah, we were out eating and you're like, I'm going to check the Target app,
we can find one within 30 minutes drive that just has one, I'm going to get it.
And they had like three of them.
Yeah, they did. So I ended up getting it.
So it wasn't as bad, but then Amiibo was a fucking nightmare.
So this has a lot of people asking, why can't Nintendo figure out this supply and demand thing?
And are they doing it on purpose?
And this question was asked around the time that Amiibo were launched.
Is Nintendo doing this on purpose?
Are they driving it up or are they, I guess, artificially, maybe in some way making demand
so that this becomes the hot must-have Christmas item that news stations are going to report on to get this thing more coverage?
What do you think, Alan?
Do you think Nintendo is doing this on purpose?
Or do you think Nintendo really just doesn't understand that there is an audience for this stuff?
I would say that it's on purpose.
Yeah, I think it's calculated.
I think they will figure out how many they think will sell and then kind of do exactly that amount
or maybe scale it down a little just so that it's like all profit.
Like they just move every single unit and they just be like, we'll catch up later.
What about you, Dark Soccer? You like to collect collectibles.
What are your thoughts on the mini NES or classic NES, whatever they're calling it?
Is this something you and Dan are interested in or?
We talked about it, but we have, I think we do have all of those games.
You have the real thing.
And we also have an EverDrive.
I just wanted it to sit on my desk because it's cute.
I mean, you wanted it as a prop.
I wanted it as a prop.
As a paperweight.
We discussed that the big problem with it has to do with the length of the wires on the controller.
Yes.
And that they're hardwired in.
It must be for like college kids in a dorm room because you have to play the thing on your lap.
Like it's crazy.
Well, I'm thinking it's designed for an office.
It's not designed for your living room. It's designed for your office.
That's my thought.
But look at the length of the ones on the original Famicom.
They were also hardwired in and pretty short.
Yeah.
So.
I guess that's true.
It's just, it's weird though that it won't support like wireless through the Wiimotes or something.
It's just, it's some of the, some of the decisions are really baffling sometimes.
Yeah.
Like the thing that gets me, here's the thing.
And I talked about this when the mini NES first came out is that I kind of felt like I don't need one
because we already have virtual console on the Wii and the Wii U.
So, I mean, what is this thing?
It's just basically virtual console with 30 preloaded games that will never change.
At least that's what they say.
And I don't think that thing suddenly has internet capabilities in it.
So I'm pretty certain that they're going to keep it at just the 30 games that are with it.
It's a power AC plug and HDMI.
That's it.
That's it.
But then I heard that, well, the emulation in these things is actually supposedly better.
The picture quality is going to be better than what you get on the Wii U and the Wii.
And to be honest, I don't know why, but that actually like it really bothers me that that's the case.
Because I'm kind of like, you can't be asked then to patch that into the Wii U,
give me that same software in the Wii U, whatever you're running on that $60 device,
put in my $250 device that I spent $5 a game for NES on,
whereas this other thing is $2 a game.
I don't know. There's a part of me that's just really irritated with this thing.
But then of course there's the half of me that's like Jamie where I'm like,
but it is really cute and I kind of want one for that reason.
But I don't know. It would be a hate purchase. I'd hate myself after buying it.
If you're a Nintendo fan, I think the code of life you live by is fool me once, shame on me,
fool me 20 times, yay Nintendo!
That's so true though! Nintendo always gets a pass on this.
And like, when are we going to draw the line?
Like how many times have the people listening bought Link to the Past?
Probably six or seven.
And I'm honestly probably included in that.
I can't wait to buy a Zelda game. Which one? Oh, the old ones again and again.
Just buy them forever.
I don't know. I know people have been buying them and they've been having a great time with them.
And it is a really solid collection of games that's in it.
And to be fair, if you're not stocking up on virtual console games on Wii and Wii U,
it is only $2 a game versus $5 a game.
So in that regard, it's a pretty sweet deal.
So like, I get it. I'm not knocking it.
But I'm just, I'm kind of irritated that Nintendo's got one thing going on over here
and they got another going on in the Wii U.
And you fucking know. You know when that Switch comes out, they're gonna make you buy them again.
Now, I can only hope, fingers crossed, toes crossed,
that Nintendo's gonna do something like their upgrade program from Wii to Wii U
where it only costs a dollar or whatever it is.
Hopefully they do something similar for the Switch.
But then my question is, well, but what about the ones that we bought on the 3DS?
Because now you've got two ecosystems becoming one,
although Nintendo says the 3DS is still separate, blah, blah, blah.
You guys all know I don't believe that.
The fact that it was a dollar upgrade is still shady as hell,
but because that's more than what we're used to from them.
Because think about what Xbox does.
I mean, they are porting the games piecemeal, but you're still getting them.
That is very true.
At least I could justify the one dollar because it is a picture quality upgrade.
You do have the fact that you can play it on the gamepad.
You have just minor, minor features that, okay, a dollar is fine.
But if I had to pay another five dollars, I would have been very, very upset.
So I'm hoping Nintendo does something like that with the Switch,
that at least they charge maybe a nominal fee.
But I don't know.
Do they have a need to do Virtual Console
if now it's shown that the mini things can sell fine on their own?
Does the Switch even need Virtual Console?
I kind of think it'll have it anyway.
I had that day off, and it was around three or four in the afternoon
when I realized, oh, that came out today,
and I wanted to maybe just see, just like you in the Wii U,
if I could find one for the lulz.
But by then, I had decided that it was already too late.
Because between Walmart, GameStop, Target, Best Buy,
there are a lot of places where you could try to hunt the sucker down.
But I think if I had that crazy notion at like 10 or 11 a.m.,
I would have gone for it.
But at 4 p.m., it was like, no, it's gone everywhere.
Yeah. No, and I understand. I understand.
Yeah, I mean, and so it's one of those things where it's like,
well, maybe if I come into one sitting on the shelf somewhere,
maybe I'll buy it.
But at the same time, I've spent enough money on gaming lately.
Final Fantasy XV is out next week, or sorry, two weeks.
I mean, Pokemon Sun and Moon is out this week.
I mean, there's so much other stuff that's happening in gaming.
I don't know if I'm going to pick up on that NES Classic thing right now.
Maybe next year. Who knows?
I'd be very curious to see if they do a Volume 2
or what that's going to look like in 2017.
But we'll see.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks
and what kind of video games have you been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, it's been a while since we've heard of one of your gaming weeks.
How was your gaming week?
Fuck.
A little bit of Dragon Age.
A little bit, actually a lot of WoW lately
because now I think I just hit 865, no, 856.
It was the other way around.
I honestly still don't know if that's good, but I could do Mythic, so whatever.
I was playing some Animal Crossing, actually.
Well, the Happy Home Designer.
Danganronpa 2 because I've been playing just a little bit at a time.
Have you gone back and checked out the major update to Animal Crossing 3DS
with the Amiibo support and the stuff?
Apparently there's like 20 pieces of furniture
if you've done Happy Home Designer or something like that.
Really?
Yeah, make sure you check that out. If you missed that.
I might have to move back into my village.
Oh yeah, get your game card out and download the update
because they did a huge, even I checked that out this past week.
Now there's RVs that show up and there's a whole new currency
you get for doing quests in Animal Crossing.
Yeah, it was like a whole shit change, Joe.
And they fucking cleaned up all your weeds.
I know.
Fuck.
Isabelle was like, I hired a guy and they're gone.
Isabelle, get shit done.
Isabelle for president.
I support that over plenty of other things.
Over the orange Cheeto.
Yes.
Sorry, Cheeto Hitler. Sorry.
Anyway.
Anyway.
God, I played other stuff too.
Oh yeah, Dan did an Extra Life marathon.
So guess what the fuck I played?
You guys were playing random shit.
You had your Twitch thing going.
I remember tuning in at one point.
You guys were playing Street Fighter Alpha 2
on the Game Boy Advance through the GameCube thing or something.
It was like random fucking shit you guys were playing.
Dan was going for weirdness and then I busted out the Guardian Legend.
And I hate to say I suck balls at it now.
It's hard.
Yeah, a lot of these games we were good at when we were kids.
We go back now and we're like, fuck, no wonder our parents sucked at these games.
I got through, it took me four tries to get into the game.
You know, you have that intro thing.
And finally I felt like my skills were coming back.
And then I kept dying on the first level and finally beat it
because I realized I forgot to go get the other weapons I needed.
Right.
And so, but it was just like, I bet if I sat and played and played,
but I found something actually that I had to use rubber grips
on the edge of the NES controller because of my wrist.
And so it was interesting, but we also played, what else did I play?
We actually had Fantasy Zone, the Tengen Fantasy Zone going on.
Nice.
No, we played other things though.
Oh yeah, Dan played through The Legend of Zelda.
Just straight played through it.
Nice. The original?
Yeah.
Awesome.
It only takes like, what, an hour?
Did you guys raise any money for that?
Yeah, what about 250?
Oh, that's still really good.
Yeah.
I don't remember you guys doing a lot of build up to that or anything.
Is this really good?
Well, Dan was just saying, oh, just get me this off.
I was like, well, do you even have a Twitch channel?
I'll just use yours.
That's fair.
Okay.
So, but yeah, the next thing I think investment list is.
We have an Orange Lounge Radio Twitch channel,
and I need to remember to go in and set that up so it auto hosts you, me, or Loki.
I don't know if Loki has a Twitch.
I think he does.
I think he did something one time on it.
I think he's like my stream from his PS4 or something.
But I need to set it up so it's like you, me, Loki,
if any of us are ever streaming, it's on there.
And then, you know, some friends of OLR too,
like Xtopher and Shane or something, you know, set up some of them.
We used that Elgato thing.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I have one of those. It worked great.
That Loki loaned us.
Oh, I have like one of the cards in the computer now. Yeah.
But it was like maybe a 20 second delay, but it wasn't terrible.
And I'm thinking, I've actually been thinking about getting myself
a condenser mic anyway for stuff that we might record on the go.
Yeah, you should.
I bet a lot of people would get a kick out of that if you did more
streaming.
Yeah, we'll see.
Because I mean, other than that,
it's just going to be me streaming while going fuck this shit.
Fuck that shit. Fuck you.
Oh, I am foul now, especially fouler on doing stupid.
I mean, heroics are easy as balls now,
but doing anything that relates to Ayah Vajra, I will cuss.
I will cut every bitch in that game in my head and I will not be nice
about it. I will cut them with syrup.
No, not even serrated because that would be too easy.
I would cut them with spoons with little plastic Dairy Queen spoons
and break every single one of them breaking into their faces because I
hate that dungeon so much.
Is that the one with the big worm in the middle?
Yes.
Oh, God, I hate that one.
You want to know what, though, is stupid about that worm?
It's easier in Mythic and Heroic than it is in Regular.
Interesting. I believe it. I believe it.
Regulars are really oddly balanced. Really oddly balanced.
Heroics are easy as balls. They're easier for me.
Yeah.
And what's funny is that I didn't even realize that there was a hole
when I skipped over until I started doing randoms.
And it was like the one where you fight like Helia on the ghost pirate ship.
I don't think I ever did that one.
I did a pug for it earlier today.
And I said something that everyone just goes,
Oh, my God, you're right. Like, if this is based off of Norse mythology,
why are they using pirate terminology instead of acting like fucking Vikings?
And that was my WoW revelation of the day.
It's Warcraft. You have to suspend disbelief.
Yeah, but it was still pretty just random epiphany.
They should be Vikings, not pirates.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Uh, oh, yeah, I got really, really bored and played through and beat Regency Solitaire.
That is very bored. You have to be really bored.
Solitaire?
It plays like the fairy solitaire, where it's kind of weird
and you have to just match the numbers instead.
Still, though.
But Regency Solitaire, I was like, she has got to marry what's-as-fuck.
And I even hate like...
You were playing it for the plot, really?
You were playing solitaire for the plot?
I was that bored.
But I mean, I was just like, oh, whatever.
And then I was like, you know what, this actually is kind of a decent story.
I mean, but I don't like like the Regency era, like, you know,
Pride and Prejudice, not Pride and Prejudice, what am I thinking?
Pride and Prejudice is zombies.
No, um, who was the writer? God, I can't think of her name now.
Jane Austen?
Jane Austen, yes. I was never a fan of Jane Austen.
I mean, good writer.
Oh, I'm a big fan of Clueless, but that's about it.
Yeah, but still, you know, it's not my era of classic literature.
All right, only you can take your gaming Wii to classic literature.
We're going to move on, if you're good to go.
I reckon. Oh, yeah, Miitomo update.
Eh, Miitomo update can kiss my butt.
It blows my phone up at seven in the morning now.
Well, you can turn off notifications.
I'm yanking its privileges, that's for sure.
But I like the sending messages and decorating my room.
So now I have my Cullen poster and my Geras poster,
and I have the European Guardian Legend poster,
and I also have, like, some Danganronpa.
I'll have to come over and visit.
Come visit.
And steal your posters.
No.
All right.
Okay, I'm good.
Alan, how about you? How was your gaming Wii?
What have you been playing?
I'll just rattle off, like, the last month or two.
I was playing Overwatch to death forever and ever, hundreds of hours.
Overwatch forever.
Was? Have you broken up with Overwatch?
I barely play around a day now.
Really?
If even.
Even with Sombra just coming out this week?
It's really hard to get her, because even in Quick Play now,
there's only one hero allowed per team, which I understand for balance,
that way people don't do stupid stuff like six Bastions or whatever.
Okay, although the time we had six Torbjorn's, that was hilarious.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
But, yeah, I haven't really tried her yet,
and I was spinning my wheels in the...
Build them up, pick them down.
I was spinning my wheels in the mud with the season two ranking.
I was, I peaked at about 2,300, and then the last month or two,
I've been just floating between 1,900, then I'll go up to 2,000,
get six really bad games in a row,
fall back down to 1,900, go back to 2,000, 1,900.
So it's not fun.
I was playing the hell out of Dark Souls 2.
I did my anniversary run of Half-Life and Half-Life 2 in the episodes,
or rather Black Mesa, the remake.
And then Mortal Kombat X finally got acknowledged by Warner Brothers
or NetherRealm Studios for PC,
because they just didn't touch it for a year or a year and a half.
So they came out with a huge quality patch
and also the XL content with Alien and Predator and Leatherface,
so I played that.
Then that made me go play story mode again in MK9 with Freddy Krueger.
And now I'm back fully into Skyrim Special Edition.
I knew that was a rabbit hole waiting for you to fall into.
Yeah.
And a lot of the really complicated mods
depended on this third-party extender for the scripting program.
Because there's a whole programming language, obviously,
with the creation kit that you can write in to make mods.
Well, the extender that allows for much bigger scripts,
because it's a 64-bit program, that hasn't been made yet.
So a lot of the mods are really pared down
and gone back to their roots.
It's difficult for your save to get corrupted,
whereas before, if you uninstalled a mod
and it left tons of scripts in your save and you didn't clean it,
you might have lost that career,
unless you put the mod back, and so on.
So Special Edition is in this really neat Renaissance period
where all of these great mods are coming back,
but in a stripped-down version.
The game runs great. It looks incredible.
I put some really awesome screenshots on my Twitter today.
Yeah, it looks really good.
I'll look over my shoulder sometimes,
and it looks really pretty on your computer.
So I've got to get that installed on mine at some point.
Use your Steam login or something to figure that out.
That'd be nice.
But that's it.
All right. Awesome.
I won't take up too much time.
No, don't worry about it.
My gaming week, I've been playing, you know,
I hate to say it, but a lot of the same stuff.
Still trucking along in Final Fantasy XIV,
although, you know, a lot of that now is just basically
grinding my later gear and getting the tomes and everything
and trying to do the Wonder's Tales books every week,
even though the randomness of that could be really infuriating.
Otherwise, I've actually been playing a little bit of Overwatch,
just casually.
I'll play a match or two a night, and that's still fun.
I think I might finally break and get that on PlayStation 4
with some of the Black Friday deals,
just because I know so many people that play it on PlayStation 4.
And I honestly feel like console might be better balanced for me.
Yeah, I've heard that it plays almost completely different.
Yeah, well, they had the free weekend a few weeks ago.
Remember that?
And I played that.
Yeah, that just happened, I think.
Well, there's one coming up this weekend.
Okay, that's what I'm thinking of.
Except Pokemon's happening this weekend,
so, you know, there's a lot going on this weekend.
But I probably will try it again, Overwatch,
because I also got a PlayStation 4 Pro,
and Overwatch is one of the games that supports Pro.
Now, I don't have a 4K TV,
so I fully expect that I'm not going to get a ton of stuff out of the Pro.
Bring it to my house.
I might.
I also, I mean, it's a really tricky scenario,
because we just got this TV.
I was going to say, not to reveal our business,
but you paid a nice chunk of change for the great TV we have,
and then to find out,
oh, there are these three features that we don't have on this year-old TV.
That's cute.
Yeah, so that part kind of sucks, so I don't know.
We have to kind of decide,
because Alan and I don't really have a need for a second TV,
so I have to kind of figure out, like, do we just sell that TV
and try to, you know, cut our losses?
What do we do?
But for the meantime, I still, you know what?
There are some things with the Pro
that some games will run at 60 frames a second,
like Final Fantasy 15,
and, you know, obviously there's going to be some support
of Mass Effect and Andromeda,
so I still kind of want to get it.
I kind of looked at it as getting a video card,
because I'm selling my PlayStation 4,
so I'm recouping some of the cost back.
So it's like upgrading your video card.
That's kind of what I looked at it as in getting the Pro.
So, but anyway, I still want to check out Overwatch,
because I want to see, you know,
just how that feels on PlayStation 4, you know, with that,
although I anticipate it's not going to be that much different,
but I'm excited to, like, try Sombra,
although I have the same problem as you.
I don't really get to use her in any match, because everybody is.
So now the question is, who's a good counter for her?
And apparently I'm hearing it's Winston is the best counter for her.
So you're now seeing a lot of Winstons show up,
whereas I rarely would see that character ever pop in.
He's very hard to play.
He's very hard to play.
I like playing him better than a lot of the tanks,
but yeah, he's hard to play.
But I guess he can zap her while she's invisible,
and that goes a long way.
Yeah.
Did you see the Sombra, was it Sombra?
I don't play the game, but...
Cosplay?
No, no, no, no. Exploit for private matches,
where you turn off the cooldown.
She apparently has this, like, jump thing that knocks her into the air.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She can throw, like, she basically throws a teleporter,
and she can teleport to wherever it lands.
Exactly.
So people were using it to get, with no cooldown,
to get to the top of the map.
Oh, okay.
And then get, like, a free view of everything,
or try to free fall into certain locations.
Oh, that's clever.
There's videos of it.
Wouldn't you be able to do that with Pharah?
No, it was Widowmaker.
You take one of the basketballs that are in the starting area,
and you get someone to knock it up,
and then you use your grappling hook,
and you just keep going up, up, up off the basketball,
and you could break the map, or break yourself on the map.
I'm really surprised.
I would think with Pharah, if you can remove cooldowns,
you could do the same thing with her boost.
Well, she is limited by her fuel, though.
Oh, and you can't change that.
Oh, interesting. Okay.
I mean, I noticed in just looking at some of the maps there,
if you, you know, can find a place that, like, would work sort of as a ladder,
but, I mean, does fuel recharge on its own,
or do you have to find it for her?
For Pharah?
Uh-huh.
It's just on a cooldown.
Yeah, it's a meter that recharges.
So you do it, like, ladder style, where you pause on your ladder,
and then see how high you can go.
But, I mean, actually the levels look really nice if it wasn't still, you know, expensive.
Yeah.
And I've, I don't have time for that.
Look, well, Black Friday is my suggestion,
because I think some places are going to have that down to 35 bucks on Black Friday.
We'll see.
So that's a little more reasonable.
But I know you have the motion thing, and it's a first-person shooter.
Don't forget that.
So that could be a problem.
Yeah, we'll see.
I don't know, I did okay with portal.
That's true.
Watch streams.
Well, but then you're not in control in the streams.
Maybe that's different.
Maybe.
All right.
Okay.
So I'm trying to think if there's anything else in my gaming week,
and I'm kind of coming up short right now.
I haven't played a whole lot else.
I have one thing to add, only because I haven't been on the show in so long.
I do live under a rock in that I had never heard of No Man's Sky until it came out,
and everyone shit the bed.
So I got on PC just to see, because I, again, knew nothing about it.
I played the hell out of it for a good month, month and a half.
It was really meditative and chill.
A lot of it is because the planets were beautiful,
and it was just a good way to just decompress.
And then one day I just stopped playing it, and I haven't touched it since.
And they haven't done any updates to really bring people back,
like I thought they were going to do.
Occasionally.
I don't think one's come through in a couple weeks,
but even through all of the radio silence,
I would occasionally get a patch once a week or twice a week,
little one or two meg patches, consistently from the release through about six weeks,
or whatever, through start of September or start of October.
So they were patching it, which kind of lends itself to the,
we're not talking to anyone because we're busy fixing this broken game that we released.
But yeah, nothing as far as features that I know of.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah, I think being in a bubble and not letting yourself fall into the hype too much
ended up being a really, really good thing for that game.
Because I don't follow E3.
Like, if Half-Life 3 was announced to E3,
it would take a good hour or two for me to find out about it.
Until I'm screaming about it, right?
Yeah, I would see it on Twitter.
Yeah, right?
I just found something that makes me super happy.
What's that?
The Kung Fu Panda director is working on an adaptation of Bone.
Oh yeah, I'd heard that on Twitter or somewhere.
The graphic novel?
I love Bone.
That'd be cool.
All right.
Well, I may as well share some happy news, right?
Yeah, that's true.
All right, well, we're going to share some gaming news right now with you guys.
I don't have a lot to say for housekeeping.
Just remember to follow us on Twitter at OLR,
and we're also on Facebook at Orange Lounge Radio on Facebook,
Google Plus as well if you're still trucking along over there.
And again, we will be back Sunday on our normal schedule
at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Our next hurdle now that we've cleared Rob's Chicago trip is
what are we going to do during the holidays?
Because did you know this, Dark Saga?
December 25th, January 1st, January 8th, all Sundays.
You want to know what else?
Christmas through New Year's is Hanukkah.
Oh, is it? Great.
So we have Chris-ma-kah-nah near year.
Yeah, all of it.
All of it's happening all at once, so I don't know.
We've been throwing around some ideas.
What do you think, Dark Sakura?
Do you think, I know since, you know,
well, if December 25th is the first night of Hanukkah, though,
that might not be, that might not work out so well.
Because I was going to say, YOLO, I mean,
I know Loki won't be here, but he wouldn't mind
if we did a show with Adam on Christmas Day.
I would certainly not mind.
I don't think that we do much with the family.
Oh, wait, wait. No, I actually, I would be off.
Yeah, so.
Because work is usually open on Christmas Day.
We, but we, and we usually do a thing,
but we would probably be done in time.
So figure something out.
So.
I mean, unless they call me into work.
Yeah.
Then.
Don't quote us on that,
because the reality is there's the 25th, the 1st,
and then January 8th.
Guess what?
I'm at MAGFest in Washington, D.C.
Woohoo!
So I won't be here.
But guess what?
You know what?
We shouldn't do a Christmas show.
We should do a first day of Hanukkah show.
A first day of Hanukkah show?
A first day of Hanukkah show.
What about just a holiday show?
No, Christmas gets way too much,
and we need to reclaim some.
You know what?
Festivus for the rest of us.
No.
No, it's the, it's Orange Lounge Radio Day.
That's what we're going to be celebrating.
A holiday for us.
Why?
Because it's us.
Right?
Yes.
Alright.
Anyway.
I'm still, I actually, I found two shirts.
I'm trying to decide which one I want.
One of them says Happy Holidays.
It has a piece of bread on it.
And the other one says Happy Hanukat.
I like that.
So, I don't know.
Don't you think December 25th should be Orange Lounge Radio Day?
It's Decemberween.
It's Decemberween.
Alright.
I guess some folks would argue,
no, that should be 20 November because of your roots,
but I don't know.
I'm coming.
I'm coming for Christmas.
Well, it's coming for you.
Alright.
Screaming.
You think the deviants have killed Christmas.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Alright.
Anyway, let's get into some actual gaming news that has happened.
While we've been gone, Allen,
you have something to start us off with tonight.
Yes.
In Grand Theft Auto Online,
they released a new adversary mode called Deadline,
and in Deadline, you can use the Tron bicycle.
Like, it's...
I don't know how they did this because Disney...
Grand Theft Auto is not really a property Disney would license to,
but maybe it's the guy who...
Because it's not actually a Tron bike, right?
It's just something that looks like a Tron bike.
Wink, wink, nudge.
It's like, yeah, I was going to say,
maybe they changed the handlebars and, like, said,
okay, it's not copyright because we changed this one thing about it,
but it's...
It's when they do those pornos and they'll say, like,
a blank parody type of thing, you know?
Like, I don't know, what are...
I don't even know it's important.
Like, the slut of the rings or something.
It'll be a Lord of the Rings parody.
Wink, wink, nudge.
That type of thing.
Yeah.
So these things...
Or the Lord of the cock ring.
These things are 90% identical to a Tron.
I think, oh, you're sitting more upright.
You're not completely like...
Because, you know, on the Tron bikes,
they're completely like Superman.
It's semi-recumbent.
Yes.
Yes.
That was me.
And I just started an ad on my phone.
Oh.
Good job.
I'm sorry.
So if you order it now, there's a limited offer.
This came out a week ago, though,
so I don't know if it's still valid.
Oh, through November 21st, there's still time.
You can get a Nagasaki logo t-shirt for your in-game avatar.
That's cool.
And the mode of...
You leave a trail of light behind you that stays there,
and it's basically the last man standing.
You try to cut people off and get them to slam into your wall.
You know, Loki sent me a tweet the day this was announced and said,
this is how I'm going to get you to finally play that fucking game.
And I'm like, you're probably right.
But it's GTA Online, not 5.
I'd still check it out.
You don't have to play a monthly fee for online, right?
No, I know.
But I thought the game that he was desperate to get you to play was...
Honestly, Grand Theft Auto 4.
Any of it.
Which I've played and beaten.
It's a really downer game.
But yeah.
I think as far as Loki's concerned, any of it, to be honest.
Yeah.
Probably make him happy.
All right.
We'll ask him when he gets back.
What else happened this week, Darzagra?
I have some big news for you, right?
Oh, so many Mass Effect Andromeda things.
They introduced the crew, which I'm waiting for one to be called peanut butter.
Or jelly, sorry.
So they have peanut butter jelly time?
They have PB, who's somebody.
But it's...
Sorry, right?
Yeah.
Who is supposed to be just kind of a bit of a badass.
But it's supposed to take place between Mass Effect 2 and 3.
Well, at least the beginning of the story does.
And the writers are siblings and everything.
It's just...
That was cool.
But I'm trying to find the last thing.
Other than that, the only thing that I know is that there's a new race.
Who look vaguely Prothean anyway, because just about everything that they create
kind of has that same head.
The big, poofy head in the back.
It's supposed to be a more, I guess, robust morality system in there.
Where you have different types of responses based on heart head, professional or casual.
And so it's supposed to lead to more interesting directions with how people judge you in game.
Also, it's supposed to be a more nuanced romance system, things like that.
And multiplayer.
Yeah, I'm excited they confirmed multiplayer.
Although it sounds like they're really gonna cash in on multiplayer.
Like they did last time?
Like that super deluxe edition.
Well, speaking of multiplayer, I still need to go back and check this out.
But on N7 Day, they made Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 3 backwards compatible on Xbox One, finally.
They did that.
Which is exciting.
So I want to go back and play Mass Effect 3 multiplayer on Xbox One.
I think that would be super fun.
But when I went to go do that, my Xbox was like,
you have a seven gig update to download.
And I was like, God, can't you download overnight when I'm sleeping?
That's what the Wii U does. Let the Wii U have its own gimmick.
The Sony does that too, but that's a PlayStation Plus gimmick.
It had the update anyway.
Well, also thanks to a couple of leaks, one of them being from Best Buy,
that they have a dynamic cover system where if you say that you're hiding behind a rock,
the rock that you're behind could get destroyed.
So lots of blowing up things and particles and stuffs.
Oh wow, okay. That's gonna be different.
And that it's actually, in fact, a very similar comparison has been The Last of Us.
And then we have a jet pack. We finally have a jet pack.
And they'll be using them to go to places they shouldn't
because somebody will mod it so that jet pack has unlimited fuel.
Right?
That's the first thing Dar Sager is going to be looking into.
How can I fly around and see everything?
Well, you know I do that shit anyway. It's so much fun.
You know what struck me as interesting about the whole story in the setup?
You kind of mentioned it really quick,
but I think it's something that's really interesting to me
is that you have the rider or the brother and sister, right?
You have a brother and sister.
Whereas in the original Mass Effect trilogy,
there was a very distinct male shepherd or female shepherd.
They were the same person.
Yes, they were, but it's like, but now in this one,
my point is, if you were male or female, you had that representation.
The other sibling is also out in the...
Exactly. And that was it.
There was no other half or whatever.
But in this game, if you're going to go with male rider,
you're not eliminating female rider.
She will still be there and a part of the story,
as well as vice versa, obviously.
So that's very interesting to me.
I reckon if that's kind of like, well, I mean,
while it wasn't throughout the whole game,
at the start of Fallout 4, you had both characters together.
You know, I sat and designed both of them because that's what I do.
Of course, you know, spoilers, one of them dies still.
Yeah, you can spend hours in the character creator,
especially if you have mods designing your spouse,
whether it be the husband or the wife, and be like,
I have my hot couple. This is me.
The other one is who I'm married to.
And then they're like, they're dead.
We're going to steal your baby.
All right.
Have fun being frozen.
All right. So I'm super looking forward to Mass Effect.
More gameplay. They said, when are the game awards?
They're soon, right? They're probably like in a couple of weeks.
So that's when we actually get gameplay.
I'm excited to see gameplay.
I'm sure Dark Soccer is excited to see gameplay.
I want to see the interface because they've been very good at hiding that.
They have not shown the interface at all,
so I'm very curious what that's going to look like.
So many questions will be answered soon.
One question I'd like to have the answer to is
when are Generation 2 Pokémon going to show up in Pokémon GO
to try to lure people back to the game?
Well, apparently, it may be a little sooner rather than later.
A new update to Pokémon GO, which showed up on Android devices,
and I think iPhone's got this too eventually,
was version .45.
And inside the APK, which is basically the package file
that goes on the phone that the game comes out of,
there were actually new Pokémon, the 100 new Pokémon
from 152 through 251.
That's Chikorita through Celebi are now actually in the game data.
I don't think that means graphics.
That just means in the game data.
But I do think graphics of Ditto showed up.
So that's telling me that Ditto will probably be the first Pokémon
that they either do as an event,
because now Pokémon GO has been doing more events recently.
They did a Halloween event.
They did an increased drop thing recently.
So they may do the event in-game,
but Ingress has an event right now,
so maybe Pokémon GO is sitting out while the Ingress is doing the double AP,
which is going on right now.
Or if it's going to be a live event.
We still fully know Niantic plans to do Pokémon GO live events.
Whether they're staffed to handle it, I don't know.
But we'll see.
So that could be something that that comes from.
I'm not sure if they can follow the Ingress model,
because imagine if kids, there's an event,
and it's like an hour's drive away.
Let's say they do...
Because the Ingress, it's like three or four cities in the whole country.
So let's say they do several cities per state.
You're going to have kids that parents can't take them to
for whatever this is, where you have to be there
if they follow the Ingress model,
and the kids will have a total meltdown.
Ingress does have a van that they take around the country.
Didn't we go to one? I don't remember if you went.
I have not been, but you've been once or twice.
Yeah, I went. Okay, so you didn't go that night.
But they have a van tour thing that goes around,
and maybe that's how they do it,
is they have to literally take the Pokémon on tour.
And they're only going to be able to do this at very large parks.
You can't play in the middle of downtown like you do Ingress
with kids and people on the street and stuff.
It's going to be big parks, like Chicago as an example.
It will have to be Millennium Park or something,
like a huge park where they can do this.
That's really the only place that's going to be set up for that.
I'm very curious to see how the live events turn out.
But anyway, we'll talk about this
whenever we're able to do a new Pokéstop podcast.
But with Sun and Moon coming out this weekend,
Shane's basically said, don't call me.
We'll see. We'll see what we get around to doing that.
Shane was talking about his Pokévacation.
Yeah, he's taking six days off to play Pokémon.
Yeah.
Is he getting four copies of the game,
two in English and two in Japanese?
Last I heard, yes, that was his plan.
Oh, I was kidding.
No, he is...
I knew he was getting an English and Japanese.
He's getting two of them digital and two of them physical.
Gotcha.
He said he may cut it back to three,
but there's some type of double dual edition thing or something he wants.
I don't know.
I'm getting one copy of the game. One.
And you know what? If there's Pokémon in the other game that I don't have,
you know what I'll do to get them? I'll trade for them.
That's what you did in Pokémon back in the day.
Or I'll just say, Shane, you have 5,000 Pokémon.
Shane can't trade like that, though, because he doesn't have any friends.
Stop. He's not here to defend himself. Be nice.
All right.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, train.
Let's travel back in time to a time when you didn't buy four copies of a game
because you were probably begging somebody for money to buy the game.
Or you were mowing the lawn or gardening or something.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Or stealing from a convenience store.
And Dark Soccer is here.
She's back with no radio magic. She's here to...
We've had to fill in a few weeks without you.
Because I was, like, dead.
Well, I hope the picks were worthy.
I picked it because it's unique, and then I found out it's not as unique as I thought it was,
but for a while it was exclusive to a system that people hardly remember existed.
Well, it must be because I heard it's the 15th anniversary of Halo this week,
so you finally did it. You finally picked Halo for the classic game of the week, right?
I'm going home.
No, you're not. You're here forever.
Bitch.
What is the classic game of the week?
Al Khazar, the Forgotten Fortress.
And this game has very little audio.
It bleeps and bloops.
I will still leave it up in the background so you can hear some bleeps and bloops,
but there's not a lot.
Besides Dark Soccer and meowing.
Just like the piercing internal speaker on an old IBM computer.
Pretty much.
Oh, here you go.
There you go. There's some music.
I had Chipotle earlier. I'm sorry.
An abrupt record scratch right there that you would hear on an old Atari system.
Anyway, Al Khazar.
It's an action-adventure game.
It actually very much resembles Legend of Zelda and Dungeon Master,
and it came out in 1985 for the Coleco Adam,
which was also the first computer that I ever owned for the record was Coleco Adam,
which kind of sucked, but hey.
It was downgraded later on for a Coleco Vision only version that came out later.
So for the longest time, it was only on Coleco systems,
specifically the good version being the Coleco Adam.
And it was done by, not specifically by Activision,
but by one of their designers.
I just realized for the record, this clip I'm using is the Coleco Vision version.
Sorry about that. That's probably why the bleeps and bloops are more bleepy and bloopy.
Yeah.
But, Rob, you will be happy to know it was ported to the Commodore 64.
Well, thank God.
Yeah.
Anyway, the goal is to get to the main castle, Al Khazar,
by going through different castles, enemy castles,
until you can retrieve the stolen crown.
So you start off on a world map.
Okay, this is an important question, because this is something I'm noticing about this game.
This is important, because it's very Dungeons and Dragon-esque, right?
There's torches, and it's a dungeon, and you've got castles.
But the weapon he's using is a gun.
It could be a wand.
No, it's a gun. It looks like a fucking gun, like the graphic and everything.
It's a gun with bullets.
So it's like, we're going back to medieval times, or I'm going to get medieval on your end.
They have guns in Warcraft.
I guess, no, but this doesn't look like-
I call it a boomstick!
No, this is like a fucking, like, gun.
Okay.
Can I finish?
Gun.
Actually, Gun was the last song I was listening to in my car.
Churches.
Tim Gunn, make it work.
That's Peter Gunn.
Anyway.
Anyway, you have a world map, and it's got 22 castles on it.
And your goal is to move through each of the castles until you get to the main fortress on the right-hand side of the map.
Each castle has different rooms, it has traps, it has floors.
The maps change every time a new game is started.
And you've got different difficulty levels, like beginner, intermediate, advanced, and expert.
You also have different items that you can get, such as a pistol, gun, rob.
You can also get a grappling hook.
And you have a little map to help you, you know, remember where you are.
You do have traps, you have enemies.
You know, if you get too much damage, you lose a life and you die.
There are no continues in the game.
The only way that you can save is on the Coleco Adam version.
And good luck at that, because the Coleco Adam was notorious for erasing shit.
Just sayin'.
Okay, pause. Rant time.
The Coleco Adam ran-
I'm literally pausing the bleeps and bloops for this.
It's power through the printer that connected to the tape deck.
Yes, it used cassettes.
And if you had a power surge, like hello me living in Alabama, it would power surge through your cassettes.
And you know what happened? Erase.
It burned the cassettes, or magnetized, yeah.
Yeah, demagnetize them.
So, I found, like, packs of the Commodore 6- not Commodore 64, what am I saying- the Coleco Adam cassettes.
And in the box and everything, it's like, I don't know if I can sell these, because I don't know if they're demagnetized or not.
So I put them on eBay, I said, good luck, bitches.
Anyway.
The game is also one of the earliest adventure games to have a demo mode.
So it actually gives you a demo, you wait for the title screen for about 30 seconds, it goes into demo mode.
And believe it or not, there is an earlier version of this that was initially created for the Apple II.
For all of its various versions, apart from the Apple II version, Coleco Adam, Coleco Vision, and Commodore 64, it also was ported to the MSX.
And that's it.
Alright.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Alcazar. Algazam.
Alcazar, The Forgotten Fortress.
It's very Zelda-y.
I would almost say, like, oh, I wonder if Zelda was inspired by this, but no, the years don't work out.
I mean, they probably came out nearly at the same time.
So, in fact, maybe Zelda was even a year or two earlier.
But yeah, still really cool looking.
Yep.
Alright, good choice for the classic game of the week.
Let's get back right into it.
We're not going to do a break tonight, we're running right through.
It's going to be a shorter show since it's something we're taping mid-week.
But let's get into a few more news items.
Alan, what else do you have for us tonight?
I'll try to make this quick.
Final Fantasy XV, when it is released in a couple weeks, is supposed to run allegedly between 40 to 50 frames per second, depending on what's going on.
It's been announced via Active Time Report that in December, for the PlayStation 4 Pro, they're going to drop a patch that should take the whole game up to 60 FPS sustained.
And 60 FPS, of course, is the magic number for, I guess, the true gaming experience for hardware people that fap over graphics or whatever.
Well, 60 frames per second, too, isn't that when the picture starts getting that fake look almost? Like it's too real?
Yeah.
That whole type of thing? So that's going to be great.
So that is happening in December.
And then, let's see, is there a date for when this is coming out?
Anyway, Square Enix has partnered with Machine Zone for a Final Fantasy XV franchise mobile MMO.
Machine Zone, or MZ as they go by now, are the makers of Fire Age Game of War and Mobile Strike.
We actually did a story on Fire Age Game of War that I think I reported on when I guested.
After they did the Kate Upton model campaign when she was in their commercials, they also had Mariah Carey money.
Oh god, yeah, that was them?
Yeah, so they'd be like, Mariah Carey, do you want a cape for a video game? Fuck no, here's how much money we'll pay you. Okay.
That game after the Kate Upton campaign was making a million dollars a day in microtransactions.
So it's them. So they know what they're doing. Typically, Squeenix is used...
So now there's only one degree of separation between Mariah Carey and the Final Fantasy franchise.
And she didn't even have to sing the song at the end of the game to do it.
Who's the one that did Record Keeper and the other one that are supposedly really good?
DNA? That's who Nintendo's partnering with for things like Super Mario Run and whatever else they've got up their sleeve.
Yeah, so they're not going with them. They're old standard. They are doing it with Machine Zone.
And yeah, Mobile Strike and Age of War or whatever are consistently top five games.
And they've gone to the top five or top three and stayed there on both the Apple and Google online mobile stores.
And the spokesperson for Mobile Strike is Arnold Schwarzenegger, if you've seen those commercials.
Oh yes, I have.
So those games are all the same company and they're going to be making the 15 equivalent mobile game.
I wonder what celebrity they'll get for those commercials for this game.
And as far as when it's going to come out, I'm not sure if there's a date. Just Google it.
I'm thinking David Hasselhoff.
Oh God.
I don't know. I'm trying to think. Who's a celebrity that's kind of like way past their time in the spotlight?
They'll get the Backstreet Boys and just put gel in their hair because practically the crew that you play in 15 is a boy band anyway.
So just get like NSYNC minus Justin Timberlake and put them in a black convertible on a green screen and be like,
Kirkpatrick, take out your Android.
No, didn't you see they're going on tour because it's coming to the new arena thingy we have here.
It's the Backstreet Boys, whatever, boys to men. Cool. Right.
But then do you know who they just added to that tour? Paula Abdul.
And like the 12 year old little gay and me was like.
Because it's it's all fun and games when you're in your 20s and you see those monsters of rock like State Fair of like foreigner and.
Or when you're me and you see the Spice Girls.
Or or like Journey and or whatever, like some Led Zeppelin cover band.
But now the ones that are coming up is like I think they had like a triple header of Smashing Pumpkins, Marilyn Manson and like Garbage.
And it was like 90s goth like festival. And I'm like, that sounds so fucking good.
And it's like, how old am I that we have these three bands that are teaming up to play, you know, the vacant lot behind Shakey's.
My mother messaged me and said, New Kids on the Block are touring.
The same woman who bought me my sheets. Who is your favorite of the new kids?
Back then, honestly, it was Joey. The gay one, right? Was Joey? No, that was John.
Jonathan Knight. Oh, I can. He just seemed the one I'd want to hang out with.
I see. But I thought that Joey was kind of cute. Jonathan Knight had that nasty song, too, and he had his comeback.
All right. Anyway, so the mobile. Oh, yes. Final Fantasy 15 mobile game. Yes.
Well, I was just the only thing I was going to comment is that, you know, that's that sounds really exciting and will be a cool little like thing for this for the series.
But it's like, my God, there's Final Fantasy 15 spinoffs everywhere.
It seems like it's everywhere like that. And that's not the first mobile game for Final Fantasy 15.
I already have one on my phone that's like a pinball type game that they put out for 15. Brave Exvius, which I think is their latest release.
Damn it. This article had what rank it is. It's currently number 46, which I imagine is not very good for a new game.
I imagine Record Keeper has kept its momentum better than Brave has. So they could use MZ support on that.
Well, I just, you know, it's very interesting how much they are saturating with Final Fantasy 15.
They really want to make sure they get their money back on this game. But this could be a make or break game for the franchise, I guess.
Well, I'd rather have them do freemium games, as awful as that sounds, than have them charge $20 for a Final Fantasy 5 ROM for like the 10th time.
Oh, yeah. Or that horrible, but I didn't like the Final Fantasy 5 remake on the phones. I didn't like that at all.
Yeah. Well, I think they realized, oh, these won't sell because they're bad and they charge too much money for them.
Yes. Good. Good. All right. Anyhow, Dark Sakura, we got one more from you, right?
Yeah, you do. Well, two of my favorite franchises. Well, the producers of one of them wants to marry it to another one.
The producer of the Tekken, let's say the more recent Tekken series, Harada Katsuhiro and the designer Michael Murray,
were asked before about what their favorite fighting game franchises were, and one of them mentioned was Samurai Showdown.
And it came up again very recently at the King of Iron Fist 2016 North American Tekken 7 finals.
And asked again, the quote from Harada was more than still talk of the possibility of a collaboration.
We would like to buy the rights and make ourselves a new Samurai Showdown title and put the franchise back on the map through our vision.
It's a distant dream, but a dream.
Yeah. How long has it been since the Samurai Showdown game?
Samurai Showdown 5 was the last official one. And I think it was also, if I, I may be wrong, but I think it was also the last official Neo Geo cartridge release.
Interesting. Well, that'd be cool. I think that would be a franchise that would be fun to have come back.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'd be into that. Well, one more story for this little special show this week.
And that has to do with another kind of retro franchise, Super Mario Brothers, specifically number three.
Apparently there was an interview that happened on the Japanese Nintendo website with Takashi Takusa,
who actually talked about that Super Mario Brothers 3 originally was going to have an overhead perspective rather than a horizontal one,
which is kind of the more, the style we're used to. But can you imagine if Super Mario Brothers 3 had been an overhead game?
That would have been kind of like, like a Zelda type game. That kind of, that would have been very interesting.
But apparently the plan actually would work. So in this interview, not only is Tezuka there, but Miyamoto is there too.
And as part of this, Miyamoto said, he said, I want the game to be viewed from a little bit above,
but having a clear indication of where you're going to land after jumping was a key part of the original Super Mario.
Viewing everything from above made it very difficult to tell how far you were from the ground.
So I told Mr. Tezuka, this will take forever. And Tezuka does a laugh in response and said,
in fact, there are still remnants of the top down view in the final game from before we switch to the horizontal view.
And the interviewer calls out the black and white checkered floor and they admit that, yes, that is one of the relics of the overhead view.
And my thought was the overhead map probably came from that too a little bit, but that's just my, you know, thought.
Nothing concrete on that. But it is interesting that all these years later we did get, like, Super Mario 3D World,
which is an overhead per se, but it definitely, you know, is a little more like tilted up.
So that way, you know, but it has the 3D to help lend that perspective to it a little bit.
And obviously the additional processing power that the NES didn't have probably helped fix a lot of those issues.
But I just thought it was really cool that, you know, Super Mario Brothers 3 started out as something completely different
and then turned into what it is now, which many would argue is the best Mario game.
Although there's always going to be that Mario Brothers 3 versus Super Mario World debate that we're not doing tonight.
Yes, Star Shocker?
I like Super Mario World.
Yes, I knew it. You couldn't resist.
I'm surprised that this made it to the point where there are assets to be hidden in the actual cart
because just listening to how they're describing it, I'm surprised that it...
I would imagine it pittered out during like the storyboard, like not even a proof of concept.
Like they decided this is too much work. So the fact that they had assets is surprising to me.
Have either of you ever watched Beta64?
Is that like a YouTube thing?
It's a YouTube channel.
Yeah, no, I haven't.
Beta64 is actually really cool. It's one of my favorite channels because, you know, I like to dig around and play around in places.
But they go through things like E3 coverage, test copies, photos and magazines, and try to reconstruct the design cycle of a game.
Oh, like what it looked like before and how it really ended up.
Interesting. I'd like to see the episode on No Man's Sky.
I don't know that they've done that, but as I recall, I think they did do one for Super Mario World.
In fact, I know they did one for Super Mario World, but I'd like to think that they did one on Super Mario Brothers 3, or if not, then it's been requested.
But the ones they did on Star Fox 2 was amazing, especially since Star Fox 2 now has been given...
The final release copy is still in the possession of the designer who doesn't have the right to re-release it, but it was finished.
And someone's actually gone through and done a finalized version and put it out on, you know, Protocarts.
But I mean, I'm just saying as an example, you know, they're pretty resourceful when it comes to finding that type of information.
So it'd be worth it to see if they've done one.
Yeah, cool.
I'm a big fan of Beta64.
Yeah, I'll have to check that out. I like that type of hidden stuff you weren't supposed to see, vault type stuff.
There's that one website that has all that type of stuff too, and I can't remember the name for the liveme, like, Forgotten Stuff.
I don't remember what it is.
Doctor Tsuruya posts links from there all the time about new things that are found, like, in games.
This is where not having a live audience tonight is hurting me, but we'll talk about it maybe on Sunday show.
But yeah, those are, like, it has, like, all the stuff that, you know, they deleted from games and hidden things.
I like that stuff. It's interesting.
Alright, well, we are getting ready to wrap up, but before we do, I mean, usually we would take phone calls at the end of the show,
but since we're not live tonight, we can't just do that tonight.
You know, the phone's ringing, Rob.
Hello?
Sit!
Just imagine if you called, like, DarkTekTsuruya or TigerClaw and is like,
alright, can you just sit on hold for the next hour, and then they'll be like, I need you to look this up really quick.
Like, we just have to sit on Skype.
No, you don't get to listen to us record. We're just gonna cut over.
We should just call one of our people randomly.
One of our people randomly.
Let's do it!
Oh, no, I did that once. We did that at an early OLR, and I'll never do it again.
Why?
Because we woke some guy up or something who was in, like, a horrible mood or something, and I swear that guy stopped listening because of it.
Let's call Dan.
We're not gonna call Dan. We're gonna get to the mailbag.
Fuck.
Every week, you guys email us. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And DarkSakura enthusiastically jumps into the mailbag and finds some emails to read here.
And you know what? Since she's back this week after, you know, what, like, six weeks not being here, I'm very happy to put her to work.
So DarkSakura, read some emails.
Do your job, DarkSakura.
Okay, I'm... I just caught some keywords in here, but I'm still gonna read it.
So, um, this... I wonder if these are... Okay, never mind.
Because I'm reading them sort of secondhand.
Anyway, um, the first one comes from Robert M.
And it says, quick clarification, the Six Flags food service, we were having to wait an hour and a half in line for basic meals.
Still not relevant to this right now.
Oh, that was a follow-up from last week's show, since you weren't here. He had talked about this whole experience, and we were kind of... Okay, anyway.
I suppose the carnival games of old would, in fact, be the redemption games of today.
Note, forgive my use of the term dongless, as opposed to anatomically-inexplicit. It just seemed funnier and more direct.
I've been having serious issues sleeping for the last few weeks, partially from general anxiety, undiagnosed, and partially from excessive caffeine, due to lack of sleep perpetuating the cycle.
And I've been browsing YouTube nearly all night.
Late last night, while browsing Let's Play-type videos, I came across the Rooster Teeth guys looking at a prototype release of a gladiatorial game on the HTC Vive called GORN.
Where the player battles various numbers of cartoonishly muscular naked dongless warriors with fists, flails, shields, swords, bows, and so on.
The game features a fair amount of blood and dismemberment, with an audience of blocky heads that are clearly from the silly physics-based Wolfenstein 3D game, if you've seen that one.
I'm not really sure if this is the same developer.
Overall, it's very much the vibe of Ridiculous Game presented semi-seriously.
I do see a later build of the prototype gives gladiators armor and basic leather briefs to break away plate mail and helmets.
Wait, so this is nudity and violence we're talking about? Because I'm kind of sold.
More like no genitalia nudity. It's Ken doll.
And more blood and bruising.
I'm sorry, I'm looking at something. Of course I had to dig up a YouTube. I doubt it's the same one.
But I'm actually watching somebody play this game and it looks fucking ridiculous.
Are you watching this, Talon?
It's like a 3D Choniki.
It's not even that. It just looks...
We have a winner. Raise your arms in victory, peasant.
I think you'd laugh at this, Darasaga.
Okay, well let me finish what you mean.
Okay, sorry.
Giving it a slightly more serious feel, even the gladiators still look like a wrestler from Looney Tunes.
I imagine what I've seen in the... Is it the Veve or the... It's the Veve.
It's the Vive.
Vive. Vive. That's so weird.
This could be more than a little overwhelming. I encourage you to look up Gorn.
Looks interesting if obviously unfinished.
That's from Robert M.
Well, yes. By your recommendation, I'm looking at this now.
It does look very plain. There's still a lot of fluff that they could put into this.
I really don't know what the audience for this game is.
If they're going to sell this beyond the WTF factor.
They need to pad those guys.
But the WTF factor is very strong with this. So, congrats, I think.
Congrats.
Sorry, they just knocked the guy out. It's funny.
Alright, next email.
This is so stupid.
Yes, I'm closing this YouTube now.
Hello, LR.
Hello.
Some people might have been confused about the reasons for my email last week.
Especially me since I didn't hear it.
Specifically, my calling out of Shane.
I don't actually dislike Shane.
And in fact, I find him to be quite entertaining.
But during episode 663 when mailbag had been empty for the second week in a row.
Rob specifically suggested that we write emails ranting about Shane.
I did. I did.
Okay, now it makes sense.
See, I don't even remember what my ass said a week ago on this very show.
I have to message Dark Soccer on Twitter. Did I do that?
What episode did that happen on? I can't remember.
I'd be like, bitch, I don't know.
Yeah, I know, right?
So this was just before the 2-0-2 mark.
And I happen to be quite good at following directions.
How are those receipts?
If you go to episode 663 and check the two hour and two minute mark.
You said this. This is why I'm fucked.
It's Red Shirt. It's Red Shirt guy for O.L.R.
This is why I'm fucked when it comes to politics.
Because, you know, somebody's going to dig up some clip of something stupid I said
when I was drunk on a particular show.
Or, you know.
We only have to be extra careful about that with the fur now.
Well, that's neither here nor there.
But, you know, just in general, I'm really surprised and I shouldn't encourage this.
But I'm really surprised somebody has a strung together, like a clip of things
where like I said something in one episode and then said the exact opposite thing
like three weeks later. Because I know it's happened. I'll fully admit.
But opinions change.
I am sure there's an early episode of O.L.R. where I said
I don't really like Mass Effect whatsoever.
Like I tried playing Mass Effect and it wasn't very good.
Right? And we all know that my opinion on that changed.
I think that did happen.
I think I did it too.
Yeah, because I remember playing it and I wasn't like super into it.
But then when I give it...
And this happens all the time with different types of art.
Like sometimes you'll see a movie a second time and you're like,
Oh, this is... I just must have been in a bad mood when I saw this the first time.
Or music. Huge thing with music, right?
Haven't you ever listened to an album and the first time you were like,
Well, whatever. And the second time you listen to it you're like,
Okay, this is really fucking good.
Okay, get this. I have been...
However many decades broken up with this guy,
I still can't watch The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
The Disney movie?
The Disney movie.
Well, the good news is it's one of the lesser Disney movies.
Yeah, but still.
Yeah, I know.
I saw it in the theater right after.
Yeah.
With him and other friends.
I mean, he's married. He's got kids. It's all fine.
But I'm just saying it was just that emotional impact of the moment.
Sure.
It's hard to do it.
Sure.
There's certain songs that remind me of X's to this day.
I mean, it's just the way it is.
Now at the same time I have certain songs I listen to on repeat because they get me mad.
I actually have one.
Well, what song gets you mad?
Daughters of the Chaos by Luscious Jackson.
Interesting.
It's not my angry song.
It's my fired up song.
Well, I always tell people if I'm listening to Tori Amos, something's wrong.
Something is really wrong.
So look out.
Yeah, no, no, no.
If I bust out the Tori Amos, you need to take me out and feed me because I'm depressed.
It's intervention.
And food will make it better.
We'll fill your face with noodles.
Yes.
Noodles always make it better.
Noodles always make it better.
Anyway, I don't know how we got here from YYR's email, but I think it had something
to do with how forgetful I am.
But anyway.
Receipts.
Yes, receipts.
I hope that you guys are recovering from the election.
No.
No.
At least it is over.
It's not gonna be over.
It seemed like it went on forever.
Which it is.
Which is bad.
Because, yeah, damn right it's bad.
It's this one time I saw it out on TV saying I should call my doctor if I have an election
lasting more than four hours.
Oh well.
I bet he wrote that email before the election even finished just to make that fucking joke.
I bet that's-
Wednesday, November 9th.
Oh.
Lots of love, Aaron YYR.
No, it's not over.
I am not saying this in jest either.
It's fucking not over.
Put on your hard hats.
Put on your marching boots.
We got work to do.
And we got a lot of video games to play to get the fuck all out of it sometimes.
Fuck yeah.
Anyway.
Why do you think I've been playing so much WoW?
I'm doing the fucking 80 Soul Shard Illidan quest right now.
I'm like, okay, okay.
Dear Blizzard Activision assholes.
First of all, happy 12th anniversary of World of Warcraft today.
Thanks for the fun history quiz.
Happy dozen.
They should celebrate with a dozen donuts.
I should celebrate with a dozen donuts.
Here all about the 12th anniversary of WoW on the next Horde house.
Coming on the 20th anniversary.
Coming never.
Coming never.
Never say never.
Never say never.
Never say never.
But, this is a really obvious grasp for time because they must have been so ill prepared
for the patching.
They should have just left that quiz, the quiz, quest for when the patch comes out and
just had it be like 40 so you don't have to spend two months farming those pieces.
At least they have it now that you can do it on heroics and not on just mythics.
But fuck.
There's only so many times I can run Darkheart Thicket.
Don't give me a new quest every time I'm done with it to do the same damn thing.
But at least there's always something to do unlike Final Fantasy 14.
It's now as funny as I feel the exact opposite.
As I log into WoW and I'm like, I guess I'll pick flowers because I'm kind of not interested
in the end game content.
But then I log into Final Fantasy 14 and I'm like, ooh, I've got wondrous tales to do or
I've got roulettes to run or so it's not going to work with me.
I think it just depends on what you're into.
Coke or Pepsi.
All right.
Anyway.
But you still have to go run things with me.
I've got four more days to do it and thus I get thirty thousand gold in the next four
days.
We'll see.
I'll give you 20.
That's you should buy your own month with that.
I have like one hundred and twenty, one hundred twenty thousand.
My God.
How are you making money in that game?
Starlight Rose.
Oh, is that really what they sell for like three hundred a pop.
OK.
One sells for three.
Yeah, no, I was trying to gather that was trying to do that in the fell fell something
that I'll work is the daily sells pretty well to sell where it's not quite a daily, but
you get like a seed to plant and you can grow more.
No, you can collect like one a day somewhere.
I sell the seeds.
You make a ton of money off those.
Just make a ton of money off the plant to you.
Yes, that's true.
All right.
Anyway, I think I think those go for like six hundred a pop.
So anyway.
All right.
Well, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I hope you enjoyed this special, shorter, but still fun episode number six hundred sixty
five.
I want to thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening to the show tonight.
If you like what you heard, please tell a friend or five about the show.
Help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only
if the voices are here to use them and the voices will be back live this Sunday with
episode number 666.
We made it, Jamie.
We have a treat.
We made it.
I know I'm excited.
We've taken off the podcast because it sounds different.
Yes.
There's gonna be a lot different next week.
Devil's food cake in the studio, hopefully.
Oh my God.
That's what I want.
That's how we celebrate.
You know what we're talking about.
What are we going to do for episode 66?
We eat devil's food cake.
There's the celebration.
I love it.
I'm down for that.
I got the day off, OK?
That's great.
It is great.
Y'all should come to the bar with me like the night before.
Should I cancel the order then for the three live chickens because I figured we'd just
kill them.
That was every D&D game every week.
I've got that down to a science.
All right.
Anyway, no, no, we don't need the live chickens, but we do need chicken strips.
Just saying we do need chicken strips.
Anyway, that's going to do it.
A nice five star review, of course, on a site like iTunes or Google, wherever you found
this show is going to go a long way as well.
Before we wrap up, of course, we have to get everybody's final thought.
Alan, thank you for filling in, even though it was a shorter show tonight, but it was
great to have you back on the show.
And I say that because I'm completely biased.
Yeah.
So thanks for having me.
You're welcome.
But, you know, you can kind of invite yourself on whenever you want.
Oh, I do.
I'll just walk up and snatch the mic out of your hand.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I like pizza.
I'm going to make a pizza.
Sounds good.
P as easy.
I was saying that.
All right.
Anyway, my final thought tonight is I'm excited for Pokemon this weekend and the Overwatch
free weekend and lots of games ahead.
Yay.
Yay games.
And Dark Soccer, last but not least.
And you'll be here next week.
You get two Jamie shows in a row.
And then we're only going to lose you for what, like two more weeks and you're back
full time, right?
Like December 10th or something was your first show back?
11th?
Something like that?
No, it's the 18th.
Oh, okay.
So maybe three weeks.
Yeah.
All right.
But something like that.
But you'll be back full time soon.
Yeah.
But in the meantime, give us a really good final thought.
I got to pee.
I guess that's what we get.
Anyway.
Thank you guys very much for listening to the show.
We'll be back live on Sunday.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
