Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, less than a month after PSVR hit stores, the process repeats with the release of the PS4 Pro. If you're hearing this an hour later than you expected, you might have forgotten to set your clocks back last night. No matter the hour, it's time for the news and so much more right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, November the 6th of 2016 with episode number 664 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter though, at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining me as always as he does every week, say hello over there to Techmaster Loki!
Yes, this time not popping and locking.
We may have had to do a take two while we were live tonight, but we wanted to have everything nice and clean for those of you listening on the podcast. We had some major audio issues, but I think we've worked it out.
And we're just setting the audio levels appropriately so that when Nintendo comes up later on and your voice gets a little louder, the audio can compensate for that without making some of our listeners deaf because I don't think they appreciate that.
But how have you been otherwise, Loki? You had a good week?
Yeah, it was alright.
Well my week sucked, thanks for asking. I was sick on Thursday and Friday, and a little better Saturday, doing much better today although I'm still a little stuffy. So if I sound a little different than usual, that's what's happening as I'm getting over a nasty little sinus cold or something.
So yeah, that part has sucked. But I'm happy to be here with you guys with what is essentially our last live episode before episode number 666 on the 20th of November.
So I'll go out of order a little bit here and do housekeeping first. We're not actually, and this is a bit of a change for what we announced in previous weeks, so listen up y'all.
Those of you that listen to the show live, there actually is not going to be a live show next week and unfortunately there's not going to be a taped one either.
My schedule before I leave for Chicago just got too crazy busy with me making crazy money, except I'm not. So unfortunately we can't all align to tape a show in advance for next Sunday.
So what we're going to do is we're going to do a special podcast only episode number 665 which will be our last pure episode that will go up in about a week and a half.
It'll go up a few days before episode number 666 in a couple weeks. But don't, I don't know what you're expecting with episode 666 y'all.
I know we've been joking about it for a long, long time.
We have no plans.
Yeah, I think we're just kind of doing the same show we always do. Except I will say this, one of Dark Soccer's friends at work did make a new intro just for that episode.
So that'll be that'll be kind of fun and a little bit different. And you never know what other surprises might be in store. We'll try to pull through in the next couple weeks.
So we will be back in a couple weeks with that. Speaking of Dark Sakura, she will be here for that episode. I know you guys have missed her.
She's been on a break for a few months due to her day job. She will be joining us for the mini episode.
She will be joining us for episode 666 and she will be back in mid-December. Confirm that she will be back on the show in mid-December.
So that'll be fun. The gang will be all back together up to our usual selves. Although I think, Loki, we've done an outstanding job holding the fort down.
And we have yet to make Halo the classic game of the week. But who knows what will happen tonight.
Not without me trying.
Anything is possible.
Alright, let's get into some actual gaming news tonight. Top of the show.
This is why I don't do Classic of the Week. Or Classic of the Week, you'll notice.
As I say, Loki, you can do any game you want except that one. Because I don't want that phone call. And you don't want that phone call.
Oh, I don't care.
Like, I won't answer my phone.
Alright, anyway. Let's talk a little bit about some of the big news happening in gaming this week.
And of course, if you are listening live, a big hello and thank you. We do tape live every Sunday night at the VoiceGeeks Network.
vognetwork.com. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And some comments in our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Black Wolf suggests Sky is just going to replay episode 1 as episode 666.
Oh, then we can get another night off. That sounds great. I love it.
Let's see. Rageinator in chat says, will Sky do another D.Va rant on OLR 666?
Let's see how the election goes on Tuesday. I'm kidding. Maybe.
Tech2030 in chat says, OLR should do an episode negative 1 where they pretend it's 200 whatever again.
Yeah, like our Minus World episode. I like that as well.
sg100matt says, or replay the episode that Travis, John, and Rama did that was labeled OLR episode 666.
Yeah, we were gone one week. So we had like some substitute hosts fill in.
And this was way back when OLR was maybe like in the 150 or 200 range.
And so they joked and called it episode 666 because the show is never going to make it that long.
15 years for the show. But oops, now we have the upside down episode 666.
And that's what I'm referring to that episode as.
That is the episode 666 from the upside down world. From the parallel universe that was communicated via Christmas lights.
That is that episode 666. They did a fantastic job, but it exists in a world we can't see.
So anyway, I promise gaming news. Let's get into it.
Big Expo that happened this weekend was BlizzCon, which was a convention I went to a couple years ago.
Had a pretty good time. That was the year they announced Overwatch was the year I went.
So that was a pretty big year. They had a lot of announcements. It was a pretty big seven.
That was when people got to play Overwatch for the first time.
This year people knew that there wouldn't be big announcements because there was no real new...
You know, Warcraft just got an expansion so they weren't going to announce one of those.
I don't think Blizzard had anything secret they were working on so there was no real game.
But I think a lot of people expected that there would be a Diablo expansion.
A lot of rumors about Diablo 4, but then I think I had even said on last week's OLR the week before.
And it'll probably be a Diablo 3 expansion. I would gather as a Diablo 3 fan, we're due for an expansion.
And that didn't happen either.
No, lower your expectations even more.
Apparently. Apparently.
So no, the big Diablo news was that they are going to be recreating the original Diablo within Diablo 3 as an event.
So you can do the original maps.
I mean, they're going so far as to actually do the original bosses as new bosses that'll be in these maps.
I don't know if the dude was joking or what, but he was talking about a retro filter as well.
And there's going to be unique rewards in this so it's going to be worth running.
So that's neat, but there's also a part of me that goes,
wow, all those resources you spent on recreating old bosses could have went to a new expansion and new bosses for that expansion.
So that's a little bit disappointing as a Diablo fan.
But it was cool that they announced that the Necromancer is going to be making its debut in Diablo 3.
And a lot of people played the Necromancer in earlier Diablo games and were excited to see that it was coming back.
But they are going to charge for that.
They really slipped it in there that it's going to be part of a character pack that they're going to sell.
I understand Blizzard's got to make money, so I don't think it's crazy that they're charging for the character, but I'm just...
Yes, I do.
Why is that?
Because they're making a ton of money already.
They're making plenty of money.
For example, look at Overwatch.
Overwatch, you have the $60 base game, and then they're charging microtransactions on top of that.
It's like, come on.
Again, it depends what that price is.
If it's something like $9.99, then all right, cool, whatever.
If it's something like $20, I'm going to start to give it a little side-eye.
Because that's half as much as...
No, actually, I think you can probably buy the original Diablo 3 for $20 right now.
So if it's $20, I'm going to give it a little side-eye.
But there's a part of me that worries they're going to sell the Necromancer in some pack that will be like,
you get the Necromancer and you get a banner for Heroes of the Storm and you get a pet for World of Warcraft.
They're going to use that to justify the $20 cost.
And I'm going to be like, no. No, no, no.
Stop putting it...
It's like those forced...
Remember when everybody was pissed off when the Wii was really hard to find?
But GameStop would sell a $500 Wii bundle that was the Wii and a bunch of games and a controller.
That's so strange that GameStop would do that.
In fact, I saw similar things with the NES, was it the Classic that they're doing?
That little micro console that's coming out?
They're bundling it with a book.
And they're bundling it with an extra controller and stuff and they're charging $120 for it.
And I'm like, wait a second, that's not supposed to be $120. What the fuck?
So, needless to say, I'm going to be a little irritated if that's what they end up doing with the Necromancer.
But we'll see. Again, I don't know what price that's going to be yet.
Alan Alkeby pointing out, with Overwatch, you can buy loot boxes at rates like $4.99, $9.99, $20, and $40.
Tech2030 saying, I just looked and Diablo 3 with Reaper of Souls is $30.
Now, all things considered, that's a really good deal for that game.
If you're not playing Diablo 3 or haven't tried it yet, it's not what it was when it first came out.
It's a really fun game and worth your time. And it's pretty good on consoles, too.
And they did announce, as part of BlizzCon, that Seasons, which have been a PC-exclusive thing, are going to come out on consoles.
I miss the details of that. I don't know if any of you chatters over at live.vogniteware.com picked up on,
does that mean that the consoles are going to have to be always online when they play Seasons?
Because how are they going to keep the integrity of Seasons?
Or do they just don't give a shit at this point?
Because you know those console versions are hacked to filth. Exploited, whatever you want to call it.
People are running through there with Paragon 1 billion levels that they got through Artificial XP Boost and things like that.
So my question is, how are they going to keep that?
That was the PC thing that was very controversial, was it's going to have to be always online.
But, hate it or whatever, the nice thing about it is that people can't really cheat in it.
Or if they do, it gets shut down really fast. So the leaderboards are pretty pure in that.
Whereas the console version, I'm not sure you could say the same thing with that.
So, yeah, I'd be very curious if this console Season thing is going to be online.
Anyway, Diablo wasn't the only thing they talked about.
They didn't say a lot with World of Warcraft, just because, again, their expansion just came out.
But if you're really into that game, they started to detail what's going to come out with patch 7.2.
And they're going to do a mini patch for 7.1.5 or something like that.
I think they realized they've been really weak in patching.
And they really got dragged for that in their last expansion, where that game went a year with no content patch.
So I think Blizzard is really making a commitment to do that better.
Especially when one of their biggest competitors, a game that I play a lot, Final Fantasy XIV, does kind of have their patching thing down pretty well.
Blizzard is now under pressure to step that up. That's why that competition is good.
Even though, as a fan of Final Fantasy XIV, I'll readily admit, it doesn't have nearly the number of subscribers that World of Warcraft does.
But, I mean, WoW's come down a bit from its heyday. Final Fantasy XIV has done pretty okay for itself.
So, I mean, it's not even a blip on the radar type of thing.
So that's cool that Blizzard is stepping up their game in that regard to patching and offering a lot of stuff for the upcoming patches.
Starcraft 2, admittedly, I don't play that a lot, so I kind of tuned out.
But I think I caught that they're going to have an additional single player campaign that they're going to sell.
So basically another DLC pack type of thing. That's what they're going to do for Starcraft 2.
But they didn't spend a lot of time on that.
And then they mentioned with Hearthstone, that Hearthstone is getting another expansion.
Which is, I think they do about two expansions a year for Hearthstone, so that's kind of par for the course.
They spent a lot of time on that. I'm not super into Hearthstone, but I realize a lot of people are.
And the fact that you can kind of pick it up with a tablet makes it very alluring for a lot of people.
So, you know, I think it's good they're keeping that going in that competitive scene and so forth.
So, cool, cool, I guess.
But I was very, very, very interested by what they were saying about Overwatch.
First off, Overwatch had the best reveal trailer out of anything.
Because Overwatch announced that they are going to have a new character that is not DLC.
That will just be in the game, as they've promised new maps and characters will be.
And this is the one that they've been teasing for a long time, Sombra.
And they announced Sombra with a really cute reveal trailer that was supposed to be an Overwatch behind the scenes thing.
And then suddenly, like, the audio cut out and does all this stuff and you start to think,
Uh-oh, LOL Blizzcon fuck-up live, haha, just like our first take earlier this evening, haha, that type of thing.
And it turns out, oh no, gotcha, it was Sombra hacking it and they did a little reveal thing and they did a little short.
And it was very, very well done.
And, you know, the strength of the character design in Overwatch, I mean, when you play Overwatch, it's like, you would think Disney did it.
I'm not saying like Disney games necessarily, I'm just saying you would think you're playing a Disney movie.
Even though Disney movies don't usually shoot people in the face, I can't explain it.
It's just like the character development in Overwatch is that strong.
And these characters are so good and Sombra really, really sticks out as well.
And I could go into the whole spiel on, and they're diverse too, which is great, but, you know, I've said it before.
But, then they announced, it wasn't even so much that that caught my attention, although that makes me happy, even though I'm still terrible at Overwatch, but I like the character Sombra a lot.
But it was the fact that they announced this Overwatch League. Did you see this? Their announcement for the Overwatch League?
Yeah.
Because you know Blizzard has really been pushing into esports, and half of Blizzcon is esports.
It almost feels like more than half of Blizzcon right now is esports.
It's the finals for WoW Arena, it's the final for Hearthstone, now they do Overwatch, it's the finals for all these big competitions.
And now they're talking about, they're really making this push for Overwatch, they want to make a freaking league.
Like, NFL style league that is based on the cities you live in, and not necessarily, you know, these other types of teams that are formed around corporate sponsorship.
Not that that's necessarily bad, because that's how esports has kind of maintained itself today.
So, Blizzard is kind of wanting to change the game a little bit, I think.
And I'm going to, I will readily admit, I am not well versed enough in the world of esports to really understand how this is different, and like in the weeds, how this is going to be very different from what we see today.
But it really feels to me like Blizzard is really, really pushing this to be that game that is going to be, you know, the sport that is on TV.
And yes, I realize ESPN2 has aired some matches in here and there, things like that, and they've done some stuff on what, TNT or TBS, one of those networks as well.
But, I mean, this is probably going to be Blizzard's big, big push to really try to maybe dominate that conversation in a way, with one of their games.
They're talking, what, salaries and benefits with contract signing and all this stuff? Like, again, the same thing you would expect of like a player signing up for the NFL.
So, this is very, very interesting how the game is going to change with that.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Dungeon Buster says, Overwatch knocked League of Legends out of the top on Twitch for a bit after Sombra was announced.
I think Hearthstone also came in third after League of Legends, that BlizzCon hype.
Kaijuto says, if they do a league, they have to do a minor league. I would be curious how that would work as well.
Sign me up for the minor, minor, minor league.
That's right, right? Can I be the water boy for the team? Because I'm not sure I can do too well at the game itself.
William Ritterface says, I wonder if they have the money for that because that's a whole other ballpark.
Yeah, I don't know how that's going to work. I'm assuming we're not talking multi-million dollar deals here, but I don't know.
Where is that money going to come from and how is that all going to work? We'll see the details.
Well, you see, we charge for an expansion for Diablo 3 to add the Necromancer.
Yes, but Diablo isn't fucking Overwatch.
It doesn't matter. It's all the same umbrella there.
Really, we charge way too much that we should be charging, but we'll use it as an excuse as we're promoting this esports thing.
Meanwhile, line in our pockets.
I don't know. I'm very interested to see more details and see what this really looks like when it starts to unfold.
I'm not going to kid myself that I'm any good to get into something like this, but can you imagine?
Loki, can you imagine? Can you imagine if 15 years ago, Konami had started the Dance Dance Revolution League?
Can you imagine what that would have looked like, Loki?
Can you imagine if we'd been making salaries and benefits off dancing to arrows on the screen?
I mean, my my, how far can you...
Considering the current state of Konami, you probably wouldn't look that great.
Sad but true, but...
You'd be dancing with a, you know, wood arrow on the corner.
Kaijuto in chat says if they don't do a minor league, they can do fantasy draft so we can play along.
They're gonna have to go more interactive than just watching shit, and maybe that's where the money comes from.
Fantasy draft, really? Just play the fucking game at that point. I mean, it's just not even worth it.
But maybe it's something where you play along with the pros? I don't know. I don't know how that works out.
But I figure like that's something there.
Stoppy in chat points out Tracer is already in my fantasies.
DungeonBuster says you're doing a dance event. Okay, where are we going? A pachinko parlor.
SSG100Matt says I remember when DDR was considered in ESPN's Summer X Games.
I remember those days well too. They're long gone.
I could have been an Olympic contender once, but then I took a DDR arrow to the knee.
I could have been a contender, but then I gained like 50, 60, 70 pounds.
I could have been a contender.
Could have been a contender, but I stopped exercising.
But then I started a podcast.
I got married, had kids, and they sucked all the life out of me.
Anyway, that was pretty much all I got out of BlizzCon.
What about you, Loki? Is there anything you caught out of BlizzCon I didn't touch on there that you wanted to mention?
I was like, oh, hey, BlizzCon's going on right now?
I didn't realize that was going on.
I heard people complaining about Diablo, and I'm like, alright, I'm done.
Well, since I was home sick, and yes, I really was sick.
I was not one of those people that was like, I'm sick and I gotta stay home and watch BlizzCon.
I like Blizzard, but I could have looked at a live blog on my phone on break or something.
You weren't staying home to watch, was it Animal Crossing? Their little...
No, no, I was really fucking sick.
But I was like, well, I might as well make the best of it.
So in between naps, I did watch the live thing.
Which, you know, I think may be the first time I've been able to do that.
Besides the year I was actually there in person.
So, I mean, that was cool that I could watch that, I guess.
But, you know, pretty much the same stuff you'd catch on a live blog or what have you anyway.
But yeah, I hope those that went to BlizzCon had fun.
You know, a large part of BlizzCon is just being with the people.
Especially for these people that are so...
And I count myself, I say these people, but I'm really one of them.
That are so invested in games like World of Warcraft, where you play with people from across a great distance.
You know, BlizzCon for many people is like the one time a year where everybody can kind of get together.
If you were able to get a ticket.
And get in and celebrate, you know, in the same place.
And people meet up with guildies and all this stuff.
So, I know that's a big part of it for a lot of people.
And, you know, the WoW community when we were doing Horde House was always very welcoming and so forth.
So, you know, nothing but hearts for the folks at BlizzCon this weekend.
And I'm sure the event was run better than the one I ranted about a few weeks ago.
But we won't go there because I still love that game too.
And I'm not going to get negative tonight. I'm just not.
I'm too sick.
That's why I'm here.
That's why you're here.
Alright.
William Murderface says he got that BlizzCon flu.
The year I went, I probably did.
But this year, no.
I didn't go to any conventions to get this flu.
I just, I went to work and that's how I got sick, I think.
Somebody at work was probably sick or something happened.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Let's talk about our gaming week.
So, how was your gaming week and what types of games did you play this week besides BlizzCon stuff?
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I reluctantly played Ingress this week because I felt some sort of obligation to keep a streak of, was it, 13?
Well, 12 cycles.
And so, you know, they're trying to make it 13.
And it's just, it's very conflicting because it's at the point where it's like, it really feels like a chore.
And, yeah.
And it just, I don't know.
But I'm still doing it for some dumb reason because I sit there with like a, you know, time to waste.
And it's just like, I could be doing something else.
But no, here I'm going to try to play Ingress and I really don't know why I do it.
I think you really have to treat that game like any other MMO.
I think you really do.
And that's really what it is.
It's just an MMO, but it takes place in the real world or what have you.
I like the win, but there's like, you have to understand the odds are stacked against us.
It's our team right now because the other side has lots of people that are retired that play this all day long.
For one. And two, there's a lot more people in my area on the other team that are playing versus me.
So it's like, you know, it's very frustrating because it's like, what am I going to do?
There's really no way that this is going to come out in my favor.
Well, without getting too far into strategy discussion or things like that,
you have to remember you're also coming off this 12-week winning streak type of thing where it's like,
okay, for a while we've been kicking a lot of ass and the team still kicks a lot of ass.
But it's just that I think the other side is really sick of losing.
So they're trying some new tricks and some things like that.
So when the old tricks don't work, you have to kind of put on your thinking hat and say,
maybe I'm going to take solace in.
I'm going to be the biggest pain in the ass.
And now you're going to be the spoiler for what they're doing.
And that's where you can get your rewards out of the game.
And for the first year in the game when it was like that the entire time I was playing,
that's where you kind of get a lot of rewards from it is that, oh, well, I'm spoiling their shit.
That's funny.
So I think you just have to kind of take that approach.
It is just a game for fuck's sake.
It's like any other MMO.
It's not that serious at the end of the day.
But it's a very zen thing.
The other night I was like, I'm going to go out and just play for an hour
because I don't want to play my console games right now.
I just kind of want to go for a drive.
So I went out and played and made some fields, had fun, and that was that.
The other stuff I played, I meant to actually play something other than Ingress this week.
So I went ahead and played some more PlayStation VR.
So I fired up, I downloaded that Call of Duty demo thing that they've got.
I don't remember the hell it was called, but let's see here.
That was the Jackal Assault because it meant that much to me knowing the name.
And it's just, I don't even know why they put it together to be honest.
For people that have a PlayStation VR or played the demo disc,
it's like that demo that they've got for Eve Valkyrie, which I think is badass.
But a very budget, not so great version of that.
So it basically starts off the same thing.
You're flying this ship around and you're scanning some shit.
And then all of a sudden things warp in and you have to destroy ships.
It's like literally the same fucking demo as Eve Valkyrie.
The problem is it's so cheap looking.
Like Eve Valkyrie feels fucking amazing.
Correct me if I'm wrong though, but isn't the Jackal one free
and the Eve thing is a demo for what's going to be a $60 game?
Right, it is free, but technically both are demos for $60 games if you want to.
But in the other games that aren't even in VR, it's just...
I'm comparing demo to demo because I'm not buying the $60 Eve Valkyrie game.
Seriously, we need to fill that void of a really kick-ass single-player flight sim game would be amazing.
You want to go old school and go Wing Commander VR?
I want to go fucking Colony Wars or Wing Commander or some shit like that.
Because Eve was fantastic. I don't want to play constant MMO.
Not necessarily, just like an online multiplayer game.
That's not what I'm interested in. I want to play a solid campaign or something.
That game felt very badass.
This game on the other hand, this little Jackal assault thing, felt very fucking cheap.
In fact, one of the things I noticed on it, the explosions when you destroy something are flat sprites.
It's like, holy shit. Seriously? This is the crap that we're pulling 2016?
Flat fucking sprites on the explosions? It looks so goddamn cheap.
Zero out of ten. Explosions are completely unrealistic.
No, it wasn't that they're unrealistic. It's just so cheap. It's so terrible.
I'm not using the proper VoG network scale. F the bad explosions.
It just wasn't good. It just wasn't interesting at all.
It was just kind of like, well, cool. This isn't going to get me the buy Call of Duty.
You just see how many ships you can blow up in a certain amount of time.
It's free I guess, but the demo for Eve Valkyrie is free as well.
I got a lot more enjoyment out of that than I did this.
I don't know. It was just kind of lame. I'm kind of disappointed.
I was hoping Lisa would be on par with the other one.
I do want to point out Bobby Blackwell says,
I thought Jackal Assault was well done for what it was.
Also points out Elite Dangerous is in VR.
I don't know if that's a game that interests you, but maybe something to check out.
Yeah, but that's not on PlayStation 4. I know Elite Dangerous is on PC.
Oh yeah, because you had to get rid of the Oculus to get the PlayStation VR, huh?
I don't have a computer that can run it anyways, so it's no big deal.
The other thing I did play through is I played through Rez Infinite, which is pretty fun.
I kind of understood a little bit more of the game mechanics than I did the original time playing through.
I didn't really remember too much of the game, but it was fun.
And then the Area X thing, which is interesting, because for people that may not have played Rez,
may think, oh, that's just an extra level that they added to the game.
But no, it's actually a completely separate game that's in the style of Rez.
It's in a completely different engine. They made the whole thing in Unreal 4, and it's just fantastic looking.
It's unlike Rez, which is kind of an on-rails shooter, this is pretty much a free form.
You can go wherever you want and stuff in the game, which is kind of cool.
And then Rez is very kind of old school, like, vector-y, just very low poly stuff.
Whereas the Area X was very particle crazy.
Like, everything you blew up exploded in a cloud of particles, and it looked cool.
That game's kind of visual presence.
I thought it was really neat, especially being able to fly wherever you want in there.
And it looked fantastic. It's like, this gives me hope for another Rez game.
Make it like that, because that was fantastic.
And it looked much better compared to the actual game in VR, actually.
But they're both great. It was a fun experience in both of them, so I enjoyed it.
But yeah, it was quick. I finished that really fast, and I guess I still have the bonus levels to play through.
But I don't know. I enjoyed it in VR. I thought it was a fun experience.
And I guess I found out that I don't get motion sick from any of this stuff.
Because on all these games where they're like, okay, you can have a few settings.
This is for VR experts, you know. It's a lot of movement. This is this.
I'm like, always crank it up. The more movement, the better. I don't really care.
So, I don't know. But yeah, definitely if you haven't gotten a chance to, check out Area X in Rez Infinite.
Because it's fantastic. It's basically a sequel to Rez, almost. But sadly, only one level of it.
Alright.
That's it.
That's it. My Gaming Week. I don't really have...
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Oh, excuse me.
One more thing. Because I wanted, you know, this was a recommendation. I tried PolitiCats.
Oh, you did?
I did try PolitiCats. I played it for a little bit, and I uninstalled it because I hated that game.
I'm sorry. You know, I like clicker games. I do. But for some reason, that one just did not hook me.
It would just, it didn't hook me.
I have failed in checking it out, I regret to say. So, I can't really argue with you one way or the other on this.
Or support you. But why was it so bad?
I don't know. It's just the presentation of it. I just didn't like it. I don't know what it is.
Cats are not cute enough. Kitten explosions were bad. F.
No, the cats are fine. The art style is cute and everything, but it just didn't seem interesting to me at all.
It just, I don't know. It didn't hook me like Katamari or something.
Maybe it's because it's a completely random, random franchise or something.
SSG100Matt suggests, it didn't hook him in because he couldn't cheat in it.
Now, that's not true, but yes.
Alright.
It wasn't because I couldn't cheat in it, it was because it just wasn't interesting.
Alright, my gaming week. Sadly, not a lot of new stuff to really report. I've been continuing in Final Fantasy XIV.
I was also playing Dragon Quest Builders, and I finally got to the end of chapter one.
Which I know doesn't sound like very far, like, oh, good job, you got to the end of chapter one.
But I swear, it took, like, I've been playing at least ten hours. At least.
And, I mean, like, yeah, I feel like it took me a while to get there to the end of chapter one.
So, maybe I'm just slow with the way I've been progressing things, and doing kind of like that OCD collecting and side quest thing.
But, yeah, so I finally got to the final boss, who's a bit of a pain in the ass, and I realized that I need better stuff.
So, I think what happens, based on some other stuff I picked up around Twitter, is that I think there's only, like, three chapters in the game.
So, even though I'm like, ooh, chapter one, I think that actually is a lot further than you'd think.
And I get the sense that you have to, I mean, minor spoiler, but I don't think so.
You have to start over when you do chapters two and three, basically, but you're in a new part of the world with new stuff.
So, it's kind of like starting over.
So, yeah, but anyway, for fighting the boss at the end of chapter one, I realized I didn't have enough of the end game stuff that I needed to really effectively fight the guys.
So, I was like, alright, I've got to spend more time killing the rocks that explode, which is their version of creepers, to get, you know, to craft the bombs I need to take down the boss.
But anyway, so that's something I was working on.
And then, I've also been playing Civilization VI, which came out a couple weeks ago.
And I'm finding that that game is hard.
It's harder than any of the previous civilizations, based on the fact that I don't, like, when I play on the easiest difficulty, which is where I will always start my civilization experience, the easiest difficulty.
And then, when I feel comfortable, I'll kick it up another level and again and again.
But, like, this time, even on the easiest difficulty, I'm having trouble just trouncing the competition.
And so, I think the type of old strategies I've been using are wrong now.
And I understand that they want to do that to mix up things a little bit and that not the same old trick, like we just mentioned, sometimes you have to use new tricks.
So, I understand that I have to do that.
But, yeah, I just kind of wasn't ready for how different that was all going to be.
So, yeah, again, it blows my mind that some people say Civ VI is, like, the same thing as Civ V, because unless you're looking at it on a purely visual, aesthetic level, I don't know how the fuck you can say that.
I really don't. Like, the game plays very, very differently than Civ V to me.
So, yeah. So, I'm still kind of learning and moving along in that game.
And I'll let you guys know if I'm able to actually get in a position where I can win a damn game. I'll let you know.
So, yeah, there was that. And I'll mention this quickly.
Last night, I was hanging out with my pals, Captain Spike and First Mate Slidekick.
And you might know them because they do a show here at VOG Network called gamebuoy.org.
But we were all playing a game called TKO, which is part of the Jackbox Party Pack, right?
So, Jackbox Party Pack 3 came out. And I think we talked about a couple of those games last week, right?
Yes, we did.
We played Murder Party. Well, this time, Captain Spike was doing, like, a late Halloween get-together type of thing.
So, there were several people there. And so, it was like, okay, you know, Jackbox Party Pack being with a bunch of gamer nerds, it made for a great, like, easy thing to just put on the TV.
That's what everybody can just kind of do. So, we were playing Trivia Murder Party, okay?
But then we played TKO, which, you know, when I had heard it described to me, you know, it was mentioned that, oh, you know, some people draw things and you come up with slogans and then you kind of put them together in their shirts and you vote on the best shirts.
And I was like, that doesn't sound funny. Like, that doesn't sound as strong as the other stuff.
But I was totally wrong. Like, that game is fucking hilarious.
And I laughed. I don't think I've laughed that hard in my life since the episode of South Park where Mr. Garrison gets a sex change.
I have not laughed that hard in my life that I did last night when we were playing TKO.
And, granted, this was with sick, disturbing people, so I'm not going to repeat for you the things that came up in the game.
Oh, come on.
I don't need, I'll tell you off air, because I don't need Tumblr against me. But, I mean, this was just, it was hilarious.
So, yeah, what happens is you draw pictures, and you can draw anything you want. You just draw pictures so you know somebody's going to draw a dick. You know somebody's going to draw a dick.
Okay, I'll tell you one shirt that happened that is, in my opinion, is not that controversial.
Take me through, like, how do you play this? Because, like, does everybody draw, like, a picture, then everybody comes up with a slogan and you mix and match them to come up with, like, the best shirt?
Kind of, yes. Okay, so, first round comes up. You draw three pictures. Okay, so you use your shitty little paint program on your phone to draw the pictures with your finger.
Although, Alan was like, you know, oh, I left my stylist at home. I was like, oh, you would. You would have been trying to use your stylist to play this shit.
But, anyway, so you draw pictures. So, somebody always draws a dick, you know, depending on the group you're playing with, or even worse, with the group I was with.
And then, the next round is just submit as many slogans as you can. And you don't have pictures, it's just submit slogans in, like, 60 seconds.
So, some people will get four in, some people get ten in. Then what happens is everybody on their phone gets one picture, or no, three pictures and four slogans.
And you have to mix and match between the pictures and the slogans which one makes the best shirt. And then the shirts go head to head in a strongest M&M style competition.
Where, basically, it's like the first one fights the second one and then, you know, you push them together. Whichever one cracks first, you eat.
And then the surviving M&M goes on to the next M&M, right? The M&M gauntlet. It's that type of voting. And then, yeah, that's how it works.
And then the shirt, there's a gauntlet winner and then a streak winner. And then the whole process repeats again, but you only draw one drawing to replace the one that got picked, like you do less slogans.
And then, in the very last round, all the winning shirts go through one more battle and then you come up with a supreme champion that way.
So, like, one of the shirts that almost won was somebody just drew a bunch of dicks. It was just like a little dick and a big dick and different colored dicks.
It was like all these dicks in the picture, right? Because my friends are mature. And it got matched up with the slogan, which if you've ever seen RuPaul's Drag Race, Tatiana was very famous for saying, Choices.
So, you had this shirt with all these different dicks on it that says, Choices. And that shirt almost won. It was like the second place thing.
But then what was brilliant that they did, and I would be dying to know how much money they're making off of it. If Jackbox people still listen to this show, somebody send me a tweet on the down low, so I don't want to know how much money you're making off this.
At the very end, there's a button that says, Click here to purchase the shirts in the game. So, if I wanted to go to the next Rocky Horror Show and wear a shirt with a bunch of dicks on it, crudely drawn, that says, Choices on the bottom, I could do it through TKO.
So, I thought that was pretty funny.
That's pretty awesome.
Yeah, it was pretty awesome. So, that was one of those games that, in execution, it actually worked a lot better than I thought it would in theory.
And then real quickly, we also played the Fake In It game. I didn't like it as much. It's too hard to be the faker. It is too hard to be the faker.
Like, in theory, it's a cute concept and stuff, and I know bluffing games are really fun, but it was way too easy to figure out who the faker was every time, even when it was me.
I tried really hard to lie, but one of my friends was like, Your lip quivered slightly before you pointed, and I know you're the fucking liar.
And I was like, How the fuck? Are you a fucking cop? What is that? I'm like, I know you're not a cop.
You're a cop?
I know, right? Are we all cops?
Some sort of cop or something?
Anyway, it's okay that there's one game in a pack that makes you go, because we played a little Quiplash 2, which was good as well, so there's a lot of strong games in that pack.
And I think even the last pack had a game that made you go, They all kind of have one game that's okay.
But there's probably somebody out there who loves that game the most, so whatever, more props to them.
Going to chat, SSJ100Matt says, This sounds hilarious. Rob needs to stream this next time this happens.
No, because again, I don't need Tumblr. Here's the thing, I'll give you the watered down politically correct version if we're going to stream it.
But some bad things happen in these games, so I'm just, it's not as bad as I'm making it sound, but I'm just like, I might want to run for elected office some year, let's put it that way.
I would still do it. I would stand up on stage, you know, doing the debates, wearing my Dicks and Choices shirt.
Alright, let's see. Vidpower in chat says, Gamers draw penises? Shocking.
Stoppy says, I'm guessing there was a lot of make blank great again shirts. No, I don't remember seeing a lot of that as a slogan.
I did submit the slogan, I'm Captain Spike and I approve this message, thinking that somebody would again like draw a butthole or something that that would get paired up with.
But no, the slogan never got used. Unfortunately, not all the slogans get used, so it didn't work out. But anyway.
Alright, Dark Tetsuya in chat says, Doesn't Travis already have dirt on you though Rob?
He's still desperately trying to find the public access show, but it's, I'm pretty sure those tapes have disintegrated by now. That shows like over 20 years old at this point.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on. We pretty much already talked about our housekeeping, so again, no show next Sunday.
So for those listening on the podcast feed, you're going to have to wait a little extra longer for a show, but the good news is, it's kind of like interest.
You don't get a show next week, but you'll get two shows the next week.
And you can use that time to play all the games that are coming out because there's so many games.
Oh, this is that week. This is that week before Black Friday, well not right before, but there's always a huge week in November where like everything comes out.
So, I'm going to go on a random tangent, well it's not a random tangent I guess, it sort of has to do with my game week.
So, I seem to be completely making 180 decisions, everything that I've come to like decide originally, and I'm just like hmm, I'm going to do the exact opposite.
Oh, totally the same.
So, I'm thinking now I'm probably going to get a PlayStation Pro.
Me too, me too. I am getting the PlayStation 4 Pro.
And if you ask me why, I can't even really give you a good reason besides like, oh no, I want to play Final Fantasy 15 the best way possible.
Well, just like looking at like some of the enhancements that they're doing for like VR and stuff, I think that might be kind of useful as well because the games look better on that.
I don't know if I'm going to get one right away, but I think that would be the best time to trade in a system and stuff because like even like if I went to Evil G or whatever, you get 150 bucks and then you've, you know, pretty much 250 at that point.
So, it's not that big a deal. I don't have to say though. It may wait because it's not, you know, a whole big deal, but eventually it might be nice to get one.
Because right now I have a 1080p TV, so it's not, you know, it's not going to notice a huge difference. Once I get a 4K TV, then fuck yeah, but right now it's not going to happen.
Nope, I have my PS4 Pro in pre-order and I'm probably going to go ahead and let it go through and get the system and I probably will sell my PlayStation 4.
I'll probably sell it like, not like on eBay, but like kind of go to Facebook first and be like, who wants a PlayStation 4 and, you know, kind of do it that way and then, you know, kind of go from there.
Because I'm kind of like, okay, well, if I can sell it like really cheap and one of my friends gets it like, and I still get some money recovered, like it's kind of a win, right?
So, I'm really probably going to do that and then get the PlayStation 4 Pro, but I didn't end up getting the PlayStation VR and I was convinced I was going to.
But even still, I'm kind of like, eh, I think I'll hold off a little bit. I want to wait and see what 2017 makes for right now.
I'm not sure there's enough like single player, I just want to sit and play by myself type of stuff right now on VR.
And a lot of it's really short, like Robinson The Journey looks all right, but even that's kind of like, okay, I don't know.
I just want to see what develops. I really enjoy it when Shane brings his over or at least the time he did, I enjoyed it, you know, but, and hopefully he'll bring it by again sometime, but I'm not in a rush, I'm not in a rush to pick up my own system.
Yes, and I am thinking about that as well is that, you know, 15 is coming out soon and I know I'm going to play that a lot. So, yeah, there's that.
So, all right, well, let's get into the gaming news that we do have for the week. Loki, starting us off.
So, there was the rumor that Nintendo had stopped production on the Wii U, but apparently that is incorrect.
And they're saying that apparently IT Media contacted Nintendo and a spokesperson said there has been no change in continuing Wii U productions.
So, apparently it is still being produced. At least that's what we're led to believe.
Honestly, with there not being any new games coming out for it, I don't think it's going to be much longer that it's going to be produced.
Yeah, I mean, I think one reason a lot of people were running with the story when it was reported is, well, it sounds plausible. Your favorite, everybody.
No, not the, I mean, it makes sense because, you know, there's still the Wii U version of the Zelda game coming out later on in March.
So, obviously you're going to sell some systems maybe for that, assuming hopefully they'll be smart enough to drop the price of the system if they're releasing, you know, the Switch and everything.
But how many-
We still don't know how much the Switch is going to be.
How many more Wii U's are they really going to sell?
Not a lot.
Yeah, and so there is going to come a point where they have to say, okay, we're going to sell through what we have left on shelves and that's that.
And Nintendo probably does want that to be at a point where people instead go over to the Switch. I mean, they don't necessarily want both systems existing on the Switch.
They want them to Switch over.
But, I mean, if we do see that a lot of Wii U games are being redone for the Switch, like we saw Mario Kart 8 and we saw Splatoon in that trailer, I fully realize we don't know exactly what that looks like yet, but hear me out.
If the Switch is doing redone, reimagined versions of those games or whatever, then I can see where maybe they're a little more eager to kind of push the Wii U out the window.
Which I know seems weird, like why would a company want to push their system out that fast? But, you know, I think to really make the Switch come out with a bang, I could see why they'd want to do that.
But, you know, I fully realize Nintendo denied the story. I understand why they kind of need to deny the story going into the holidays.
I mean, they would still like to sell Wii U's this holiday, don't get me wrong.
I think we fully realize that Nintendo is instead looking to Pokemon Sun and Moon on the 3DS, the Nintendo Mini, and these other ways that they're going to make money during the holidays.
But, I don't think Nintendo wants to suddenly say like, oh no, don't buy a Wii, you're not going to be able to find a Wii U this holiday. Nintendo does not want to say that.
It wouldn't make any sense, yeah.
But, I mean, can we, I mean, Loki, I don't know, I didn't look at the direct quotes. Can we read between the lines that maybe Nintendo could scale back productions?
They're not stopping, but maybe one factory is type of thing.
Yeah, I mean, I'm sure they've got the plan to ramp it down. I don't think that they're producing a ton of them. There's not like it's going to be a shortage on the Wii U.
I just don't think there's anything out there that's really driving that purchase right now.
Granted, in March, you know, you will have the Zelda game, and that's a big factor is what those two systems are in price because of the Switches.
If people are looking to buy the Switch for Zelda, and they have a Wii U already, and the price of the Switch is higher than we want, they may hold off on the Switch.
True.
I mean, especially if all they're offering is like, hey, there's these games that you've already had that have some extra shit in them.
I mean, I don't know, I just, we need to get more information on what's going to be launched with it.
Because if it's just old Wii U games, that's great if you're getting into it, but if you already have a Wii U, it's kind of like, why am I purchasing these?
But now we know, right after the holidays are over, what is it, January 12th, Nintendo's coming out swinging with the Switch stuff.
So these answers we're going to have right at the beginning of the year.
Although they have a new Excite truck, I am going to have to purchase that day.
Oh, even Loki.
That is my, but you know what though, they're not. You know why? Because that would be too good.
And because if they're making an Excite truck, it makes no goddamn sense because why wouldn't they make an F-Zero?
Yeah. But what about a new F-Zero? A new F-Zero would do it for you too, right, Loki?
Nah, I don't really like F-Zero that much.
What? Get out. Out my house.
Well, I'm sure the Switch is going to be luring a lot of people over.
You know, we've had several AAA companies saying that, you know, they're planning on supporting the Switch.
And there are indie developers as well talking about supporting the Switch and that some already have games in development.
Nintendo Life did an interview with several different indie developers to get their thoughts and if they plan to support the Switch.
Are they going to support the Nintendo Switch in the future?
Yacht Club Games, a rep from them, said of course.
Engine Software said we're already working on the platform and we hope to support it for a long time.
Drinkbox Studios says yes, we do hope to support the Switch.
Choice Provisions says we hope to.
We got our start with the Bit.Trip series on WiiWare and we plan to continue to bring our games to Nintendo platforms.
We're not ashamed to admit that we're huge Nintendo fanboys and girls over here.
Atui simply said yes and Shinen Multimedia said we've already been working on it for some time.
So, it sounds like the Switch will be luring a lot of these, you know, well done indie studios as well as the AAA stuff.
And that's important. You know, the big games are important but, you know, if the next Undertale or the next Five Nights at Freddy's is exclusive to the Switch.
A lot of people are going to be looking at that.
Okay, you guys ready for Switch rumors? Your favorite part.
Oh yeah.
You ready?
Should we bring out the wheel of plausibility?
Hold on, I think I have my song.
Wheel of plausibility. Turn, turn, turn. Tell us the lessons we might learn.
Alright, these are coming from Laura Kate Dale, which is one of the folks that was kind of doing a lot of those early rumors on the Switch, right?
Didn't she call a lot of the early stuff going on with the Switch before the trailer was out there?
I don't know.
Well, the Nintendo Switch supposedly is going to support NFC ID cards.
The card would allow you to download content from your friend's personal device, allowing you to get anything from new characters to digital games downloaded through the eShop.
This could minimize the potential battery drain while the Nintendo Switch is in portable use.
A basic card reportedly included with the Nintendo Switch but additional cards for $10.
This sounds a lot like Amiibo, so why are we getting both?
I mean, is the NFC thing supposed to be a little bit more like, I guess I'm assuming you can fit maybe more on one of those little cards than you can on an Amiibo?
Like, when we say NFC card, we're talking about like an eAmusement Pass type thing, right?
So what's the point of this again?
Well, we don't know.
Allegedly, what is the point of this again?
Easily download content from your friend's personal device, allowing you to get anything from new characters to digital games downloaded through the eShop.
Why would I want to do that?
Well, here's, okay, and some of the chatters are saying this as well.
Act F says, yeah, sounds like eAmuse.
Get your tinfoil hats on, alright?
Get the tarp out, get the tarp out, because I'm going to do fan wank everywhere.
You ready?
Alright, what if, like eAmuse, and if one of these comes with every Switch and you can get additional ones for extra charge, which I'm sure they would happily print cute Nintendo characters and things people want on these cards.
What if these cards were like your identity, no matter where you are and what Switch you're playing.
And that maybe you can unlock your own personal achievements on a friend's Switch when you've tapped into being the one playing that console.
Or your records and your scores and your Super Mario levels, you can tap in on a friend's Switch, just like that.
Like it's basically, essentially what I'm saying is that you are the amiibo with a fantasy card.
That's dumb.
I'm sorry, it's just, that's just, it's completely unnecessary.
Now, and I'm making this up, I'm pulling it out of my ass based on what this is.
So we can't say Nintendo is or is not doing this, but I'm just thinking like, how could Nintendo kind of do this whole like, online gaming thing but put their own spin on it?
And I think maybe rip, I don't want to say ripping off, but taking what's happening in the arcades with things like EMUs and stuff and maybe putting that into a console type environment.
It's not a bad idea. I don't know why you think it's dumb as hell. I think that could be kind of neat.
Because, okay, you're comparing the arcade.
Especially if it, okay, especially if it could also work on things like Pokken Tournament in the arcades. That's awesome.
And it's your Nintendo, it's your universal Nintendo ID that you'll inevitably lose because it's on a card.
Yeah, that's assuming that they have that kind of support in the arcades. Like, it makes sense with EMUs because you're going to arcade machines, which you're not exactly going to be bringing that into your house.
And you want to track your progress, of course, across all these different machines.
And that makes sense. I'm not going to go over to my friend's house and tap my amiibo card or whatever the fuck it's going to be to log into their system for what, achievements and shit?
Couldn't we just like, I don't know, like any other fucking system out there already, sign in, oh hey, I'm a guest, log in with your username and password, we're done.
But, to be fair, Loki, that's a pain in the ass on the Xbox 360. I'm not so sure about the Xbox One because I haven't done that. Remember how you have to sit there and wait for it to download your entire fucking profile?
And this wouldn't happen with the whole amiibo card thing, too, because those things aren't going to store a ton of data on it.
Well, now that I'm thinking about it, aren't the Wiimotes supposed to have a little bit of memory in them? Can't you save a Mii to the Wiimote?
Yeah, you can.
So you can take your Mii over to a friend's house?
That's also very little data. I mean, that's basically the same type of data that's stored in a Mii.
But, so it would show that there's precedent. So, Loki, it's plausible.
No, it's stupid because no one ever uses that feature in the first place because, I don't know, it's just they're doing things just to do things. It doesn't make any sense to do them.
It's not something that people are like, oh shit, I would totally play over at my friend's house if it weren't so cumbersome for me to log in on their system.
I don't think it's that, Loki. I think it's that people don't realize they can log in on their friend's Xbox 360s.
Most people don't realize that's a thing you can do. Nintendo can make it part of their ecosystem and they can sell it in a way where they'll be like,
that cute little toad on a card, that is your identity. And all you have to do, and they'll show the little video of somebody going to their friend's house, be like, bing!
And like the little sound that it'll make when they tap into their friend's Switch or whatever and then it's like, oh look, my Mii appeared and look, it brought over my Mario levels and all this shit and look what we can do now.
You know that Nintendo can explain it to people in a way that Microsoft can't. That is why I think this idea is not as bad as you think it is.
You explain it like it's gonna do that, but it's not.
That's true, that's true.
Because this is Nintendo and they don't fucking get it.
We don't know, I am, again, I'm rolling around on the tarp right now.
I mean, I'm just, I'm sorry, but this is not gonna happen. I mean, it's, you're still gonna have to download a profile, whatever, you know what, who cares?
Enough wank, enough wank, mom's home.
It doesn't matter.
I'll move on to the next thing, I just want to quickly say.
Oh, and can we, while we're on the subject of Miis, can we please like fucking update that shit because they look fucking stupid at this point.
And they look fucking dumb.
Do they?
They do, they look fucking dumb.
I don't think so, I think they're kind of part of the Nintendo culture at this point.
Because they force fed that shit, it's just like fucking, you know, removing features from your products is part of Apple's culture, it doesn't necessarily mean something that we need to have.
Alright, anyway, I don't know how you feel about this, Loki, but it sounds like those little previews of things we saw in the Switch trailer are Director's Cut editions.
Mario Kart 8, Super Smash Brothers, apparently one of them as well, and Splatoon will be games that are rolled out as a Director's Cut edition for the Switch.
It will include all previously released content and new extras.
That is the other rumor going around too, which, you know, I think what many people are already thinking it probably is, except for the fact that Super Smash Brothers is included in that.
But it makes an awful lot of sense, why not do Smash Brothers as part of that?
I guess maybe because there's a lot of people that like to see an all new Smash Brothers on the Switch, but, you know, do you want to wait five years for them to develop one?
So, you know, anyhow.
StoppyInChat over at live.vognetwork.com says, what if you took a hottie out on the first date, you pull out your wallet to get your credit card, and your Nintendo Switch It card falls out instead.
You both stare in silence. What do you do next?
Then she taps it to her Switch and finds out that you've made an amiibo that looks like Hitler as your fucking me.
And then, you know, or penis head or something like that.
Yes, that's what happens next, Stoppy. She pulls her Nintendo Switch out of her purse and she says, let's see what kind of gamer you are.
And then taps the Switch card to her Switch and finds out that you are MrDicksLOL on the Nintendo Network.
Then what happens, Stoppy? Then what happens?
SSG100Matt says, Sakurai says he wanted to take a long, long break from Smash Brothers.
Then again, Nintendo could pay him to reconsider. That's very true, money does talk, but at the same time, the man's earned a break.
Bobby Blackwolf says, and his me name is Choices.
Exactly.
Fuck you all, next story.
So this was, this was, so this was the live thing that I watched, because it was like, oh, Nintendo Direct, cool.
Maybe we'll get some cool information, but then the back of my brain said, you're right.
So there was a free update for Animal Crossing that they announced for Animal Crossing New Leaf.
It adds amiibo support, because why the fuck not? And then RVs.
Yeah, so it's called Welcome Amiibo.
And basically you can, you know, take your amiibos and you can even bring in, I guess, some of the non-Animal Crossing amiibos,
which I think also like kind of adds skins and stuff for your characters or like different clothing.
Some of the other stuff that they have, you can actually get an RV and a new RV campground.
And you can even, I guess, they have some different mini games, including Animal Crossing Puzzle League.
Oh, that's cool that they brought in like some of the mini game stuff.
Yeah. And they said that Desert Island Escape.
But I guess with the amiibos, what that does is it actually brings the villager, whatever villager you want into your village.
So like if you have a favorite villager or something, you can go purchase one of those amiibo cards.
Although if I remember correctly, I think they're all blind packs, so fuck you guys.
But you can try to find one for the villagers that you like and then you scan it and then they come in their RV and you can, I don't know, hang out or something.
And question your life that you purchased cards.
Stop it.
Get a character in your town.
Hey, you know what, I think it's rad that Nintendo put in this pretty major update to a game that is what, like three years old at least?
At least four?
It's a pretty major update to this game.
So I think that's kind of rad actually.
Like I want to go back and check this out for like to see like how the mini games are and apparently you can sell your town.
And now here's the thing though.
I still have the old 3DS, so I can't use the amiibo.
I mean, I know I can buy one of those adapter things, but why? Why would I do that?
Because you're an Apple fan and you like dongles.
No, I'm not going to do it.
But I'm sure there's 50 amiibo cards you can buy. 50! Think of all those 50 purchases you can make.
I don't need the 50 amiibo cards because I already have way too many of the fucking regular amiibo.
Are you sure?
Well, and I understand. Didn't they put the Splatoon stuff in it too? And Zelda stuff?
So there's other amiibo that I already have that I can use in it.
I just need to find a friend with a reader. Maybe Shane has an adapter.
No, Shane doesn't have an adapter because he has like seven DS's and so he has all the new DS's.
Somebody I know has to have one of those adapters and I can just borrow it to get what I need and then that's it.
It's just like the cards. You find your friend that has the villager that you want and you just borrow the friend's card.
You don't actually need to buy 5,000 packs to find the one blind card that's eluding you.
ActDeft says four years old, release date November 8th, 2002.
So that's, I mean, that's pretty, look.
2012 I'm assuming.
2012, sorry, 2012. EA would have shut the server down this year.
Nintendo updated the game. You gotta give them credit for that. Come on. That's pretty cool.
They're not making any other animal products.
Yes, it's just sell more Abibo, but I think it's still really cool.
RageNator in chat says, Sky, you have how many versions of Mass Effect 3, yet you won't get a new 3DS.
Is Mass Effect 3 on the 3DS? Thank you. Have a seat.
No. And I'm guessing that the reason you're buying a PlayStation Pro is because the Pro support for the new Mass Effect game, right?
Yes, that would be correct. And Final Fantasy.
And are you, are you hyped up for N7 Day tomorrow?
Yes, I am. And you better believe that, especially because DarkSakura will be back on our next mini episode.
Loki, you could just have a, you could have a little nap the first 45 minutes of the next episode,
because that will be, and we'll get out the tarp again,
because Jamie and I are going to have a time with whatever comes out tomorrow in N7 Day.
So, bring a book, is what I'm saying.
Alright. If you have no interest in Mass Effect.
I don't.
You should.
Alright. Anyway, let's move on with, I'm sorry, what is this?
Rama in chat says, Mass Effect 3 isn't on 3DS because there's a no trash games policy enforced.
Okay, you and I both know that's not true, and for that comment, I'm going to right-click, control, kick.
That was fun.
Alright, let's move on and talk about that PlayStation 4 Pro that somehow I'm being suckered into buying,
and yeah, probably because of Mass Effect, and because of Final Fantasy, and Lord knows what out.
Lord knows what else.
The PlayStation 4 is coming out within days, and we're finally getting an idea of what all is actually going to be supported by the PlayStation 4 Pro,
and that includes things like Battlefield 1, Battlezone, Call of Duty, Black Ops 3 Infinite Warfare, Modern Warfare, Dishonored 2,
Drive Club VR, Firewatch, Hitman, Infamous First Light and Second Sun, Mafia 3, NBA 2K17, PlayStation VR Worlds,
Rez Infinite, Rise of the Tomb Raider, SMITE, Elder Scrolls Online, Elder Scrolls Skyrim Special Edition,
Super Stardust Ultra, Titanfall 2, Uncharted 4, Until Dawn, Rush of Blood, World of Tanks, XCOM 2.
I didn't even read everything on the list. That is a lot of games that are going to be getting some additional support,
and that's just what the old games are that are going to be getting new stuff in PS4 Pro.
This doesn't talk about everything moving forward, although now that the PlayStation 4 Pro is in play,
we kind of know based on the first press conference that Sony is really encouraging developers to think about the PlayStation 4 Pro
when they're developing games, and obviously with things like Mass Effect, like Final Fantasy XV,
we know the PlayStation 4 Pro will be a part of that.
But there are some games that have said they are not doing stuff. I know Witcher 3 was one of them.
The publisher of Witcher 3 was like, we are moving on to developing our next game,
and it's kind of one of those we don't have time to go back and do it for PlayStation 4 Pro.
But that game is solid as it is. Plus, that game was out a while ago already.
I realize they did a best of edition that has all the DLC included and all that, but that's different.
I'm just hoping they go back. I know that they just released Skyrim Special Edition, and they have Fallout 4 already.
I remember Bethesda was talking about how they were going to have a full VR version of Fallout 4 at some point.
It would be nice to see that support added. I would say that's what I'd like to see, is VR support added to older games.
You know which game could really use that right now, could really benefit from that?
A game called No Man's Sky. Because honestly, no one's playing that right now. I'm not playing that right now.
But with VR, I would certainly go back and try it again.
Are they still working on patches for No Man's Sky? I don't think we know.
The only way to get a response out of them is to hack them. Apparently at this point.
Not that I'm saying you should, but I'm just noticing that's the only time we've gotten a response lately.
Yep, I don't know.
Alright, anyhow.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at VoGnetwork.com, use the past phrase, hot.
Moving on, Logie.
Alright, so this is kind of a good policy that they're putting in place.
Valve has asked developers now to stay away from using just concept art or other art assets on their Steam pages for these games.
And use more in-game screenshots. So it's part of their Discovery 2.0 update on Steam.
And they're gonna actually kind of follow along with that because one of the games that was a culprit of that was Dota 2.
And so they've actually gone in and updated the page and removed the concept art and put more screenshots in there.
Which I think is a genuine thing that they should be doing.
And a lot of games really should be doing that to be as honest as possible for the players.
Because you're looking at this concept art and you're like, oh wow, the game looks really good.
And come to find out, it doesn't look like that at all. Sorry.
Yeah, I don't think any of us like when the only stuff we see in the game is a full CGI trailer.
And it's like, the game doesn't really look like that.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So that's cool. You know, I think people want to know exactly what it is they're buying.
So encouraging more actual in-game screenshots is a good thing.
Not that you can't have some CG because, you know, especially some games kind of build themselves on epic CG cutscenes.
That's fine. That's still a screenshot from the game.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. But, you know, there's gonna be a lot of people that are gonna ask, as in the case of No Man's Sky, for example.
Where's the game? What's the game? What is it? Show me the game.
You know, and I think it's good to encourage those types of screenshots as well.
Well, and also, yeah, too, that's a perfect example because look at No Man's Sky.
A lot of the screenshots they were showing were from those E3 trailers, which don't look anything like the actual game.
This game can only look better with time and age, and that's the classic game Bastion, which was released on the Xbox 360.
Gosh, it was several years ago at this point. That's why I'm almost calling it a classic at this point.
It was a while ago at this point when Bastion first came out.
But, what's kind of neat is that Bastion is gonna be coming to Xbox One, but it's not just backwards compatibility.
They're going to do a new adaptation, Supergiant Games that is, a new adaptation of Bastion on Xbox One.
They've rebuilt it to make it feel native to the platform, so it will now run at a full 1080p, and it's gonna include the Stranger's Dream add-on.
There will be new achievements in there as well, and this is really cool.
So it's coming out on December 12th, that's when the Xbox One adaptation comes out.
And if you own it on 360, you can get the new one free if you get it before January 1st.
So you will have like, what, a two and a half week window to get the new remaster free if you had it on Xbox 360.
Otherwise, if you're looking to get it for the first time, 15 bucks, which I believe is what the game costs the first time.
So yeah, that's really cool. I think I did own that game on 360. I owned it somewhere, it was PC.
But I thought I had it on PC. I think I had it on 360, I can't even remember, isn't that sad?
I think I had it on 360, and then I played it again on PC because I got it as some type of bundle thingy.
And so, yeah, but I'm pretty sure I had picked it up when it first came out on 360, because you know, it was a rad game.
So I'm glad we'll kind of have an excuse to revisit it.
It would be cool if more backwards compatibility stuff did this, but I understand its resources.
And you know, like CD Projekt Red, the Witcher guy is not wanting to do PS4 Pro.
It's because they want to focus on new stuff. I get it, I get it.
But this is a cool little, it's a cool little perk. I like that.
Alright, Logy.
So while we have Microsoft supporting some of that stuff pretty well, this is something that really could use some work.
And that would be the Windows 10 store.
So, if you were buying Call of Duty on PC, where would you choose to purchase it from?
Most people would probably decide to pick it up on the Steam store, because you know, that makes sense.
Although some crazy people like to, you know, go against the norm and decide, hey, let's purchase it off the Windows 10 store.
Well, if you happen to purchase it off the Windows 10 store, you'll be unfortunately, or you'll be pleased or surprised to find out that you can't play it against any of the people that are owning it on the Steam store.
So, if you own the Steam version, you can't see the people that have it on the Windows 10 store, and vice versa.
They have actually split the PC version for some reason. I'm not really sure why.
Yeah. Apparently, I don't know, according to Activision, they're saying that they support cross-play between devices and platforms for partners who want to enable it.
Well, I guess that's what Microsoft said, but I'm not sure why these versions were split on PC.
But hey, if you're planning on picking it up on PC, probably go with the Steam version if you want actual people to play against when you go to play online.
Because I'm sure there's like a handful of people that probably bought it on the Windows 10 store.
I don't understand why anybody thought this was a good idea.
Well, here's why I would think maybe why people might have decided to purchase that. Maybe they thought that this was one of those games that you purchased it on PC.
You also get, you know, the Xbox One version or something like that, which is not the case at all.
But if you do make that mistake and end up purchasing that, you can't play, I mean, no other game does this where you can't play on, you know, another person on PC.
It's stupid. Why? Why would that exist? Activision, why would you do that? I mean, I only get it.
Raginator in chat says, aside from the free version of Killer Instinct plus the Windows 10 version of Minecraft, I've got nothing game-wise from the Windows 10 store.
Well, I think I got Jetpack Joyride and maybe whatever Mahjong thing they had for free, I think, on the store.
And then the Minecraft. I think that's about all I've picked up on the Windows 10 store, too.
The Minecraft version's fantastic, but that's really the only thing I'd be interested in picking up.
And you know what? The only other thing would be, like, stuff that, you know, you do that cross-buy thing where you purchase, like, Forza or something and you can download.
But fuck, if I'm actually gonna make third-party purchases on that. That goes with, like, even you play or anything like that.
I'm not purchasing shit on your store. It's all Steam, unless that's the only place I can purchase that.
Which, if it was a Valve game, yes, Steam would be the only place you could purchase that.
Right.
Or a Blizzard game. Can't get those on Steam. Can't get Diablo on Steam.
So, some companies get, which, by the way, also Activision. Funny how that works, huh?
So maybe Activision thinks they can do it that way.
Well, but no, that doesn't make any sense, though, because they have it on both storefronts, so it's like, who said that those versions should be incompatible with each other?
Was that an Activision call? Because that doesn't make any goddamn sense. If it was a Microsoft call, that still doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Yeah, no, it doesn't. I would think it would have to be on Activision's ends, because it would be their servers, right?
I guess. There's, like, literally two different versions of the game, but I just don't understand.
Or does the Windows 10 version go through Microsoft servers? Is that the problem?
But if that's the case, then would they be able to play against Xbox One players? Because then that would make sense.
Oh, I'm sorry, you just won't be playing against PC players, but you'll play against Xbox One players.
But if it's just, I'm sorry, you're stuck with this tiny subset of the PC players and you're playing with... that's stupid.
It's still a little weird to splinter it that way.
If you want to sell it for $19.99, I'm on board, but, yeah.
All right. Well, you know what? We're going to take a step back into the time machine here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to take a step back with the Classic Game of the Week.
And every week, we step into the gaming vault here at OLR Studios and pull out a game that we think,
hey, you kids should be checking this game out. This is back before they could splinter audiences.
In fact, this is a time when the only thing that's going to give you a splinter is the console, because of all the wood in it.
It's the Classic Game of the Week. DarkSakura is sadly unable to join us, thanks to Radio Magic.
That could be related to the fact that I've been sick the past few days, and I hear she was, too.
So, being sick sucks. But, again, she will be back joining us next week,
where we can fill her in on what a good job we've been doing keeping this segment going while the Radio Magic has been broken.
So, the Classic Game of the Week this week is one that I'm picking, and you might have guessed based on my opening joke there,
that I've picked something on the Atari 2600. And it doesn't really have much of a soundtrack.
Usually, we play the music in the background, but because this is Atari 2600, there isn't much.
But there is this, so let's see if you can guess from this sound what game this is.
If you were only listening to that, Loki, what does that sound like to you?
Any Atari game ever?
The game is Kaboom! Kaboom!, which was on the Atari 2600.
It was published in 1981 for the 2600, although it did come out later on the 5200 in 1983.
It was designed by Larry Kaplan, and then David Crane, who was a legend in the 2600 games, Game Days.
He did the sprites, overlay sprites for the game. This game did very well.
It was a million-plus seller, which the interesting thing about Kaboom! is, like many Atari 2600 games,
it was very, very simple in concept. There wasn't a whole lot to it.
You controlled these buckets. You had a series of three buckets that were stacked on top of each other,
like a little elevator, that you controlled with the paddle, moving them left and right,
as the mad bomber at the top of the screen would drop bombs in a swirly pattern or whatever,
so you had to move the paddle left and right to catch the bombs.
And if one of the bombs hit the ground, Kaboom! That's where the game gets its name from,
when the bomb hits the ground, which hopefully won't happen to you.
It is a lot like a 1978 Atari coin-operated game called Avalanche,
but when Activision, believe it or not, again, this is when Activision is a very old company,
and this is when they were doing games of the 2600.
When Activision did this, and Larry Kaplan and David Crane put this together,
they rethemed it to be the mad bomber instead of falling rocks,
probably so that it wouldn't get confused with the Avalanche games.
Anyhow, so again, you use the paddle controller, you have multiple buckets,
but if a bomb hits the ground, you lose a bucket.
So, like, the bucket on the bottom will disappear, which actually makes the game a little bit harder,
because you don't have as much time to actually catch one of the bombs.
So, yeah, I wouldn't recommend letting a bomb hit the ground on purpose,
unless, you know, it's some part of some weird strategy.
Because when a bomb does hit the ground,
it will resume with the bombs falling half as fast as they were previously before you screwed up.
So, I have seen some high score runners purposefully lose a bucket
right before they're about to get a free bucket to purposely slow down the game.
So, I have seen that happen.
But otherwise, you get points for every bomb caught.
Extra buckets are awarded to every thousand points.
If you pay attention to the mad bomber's face, he's usually not happy,
probably because you're catching all his bombs.
But if a bomb hits the ground, he smiles, because he's an asshole,
and he's trying to, you know, drop bombs on you, and that's not nice.
However, there was always this tease that if you could get 10,000 points in the game,
something special would happen.
Do you know what that special thing was?
The mad bomber would look surprised.
That was the special thing that happens at 10,000 points.
The mad bomber's surprised.
Anyway, if you could score over 3,000 points,
that is how you could get the old school achievements on the Atari 2600.
You mail in a Polaroid photo of your TV,
and they would send you a patch for your super cool jacket.
So, that was what you had to do.
3,000 points would earn you one of those patches.
So, again, this was one of the all-time greats on the Atari 2600.
It was just, I remember playing this game at a very young age,
and I think because it was so simple, yet it was so engrossing,
and so easy to pick up, and, you know,
it's like just one of those games you can kind of sit there and you Zen out.
It's like following the pattern and trying to make sure you catch the bombs and everything.
It's a lot of fun, and usually the games are pretty short,
unless there's some YouTuber out there who uploaded his video
that he submitted to Twin Galaxies of scoring, get this, 999,999 points.
Took him three hours, no, almost three and a half hours, I think, to do it,
and then the game finally fucking breaks when he hits that number.
It freezes because the game doesn't know what to do.
It can't count that high, so the game freezes up.
That is absolutely the highest score you can get is 999,999.
So, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Kaboom.
Which, yes, it was part of, as some folks in chat are mentioning,
it was part of the Game Room service.
You could get this in 2010 as part of Microsoft's Game Room service,
which is no longer around.
Screw you, Microsoft, for that.
I'm not a fan that they shut down Game Room.
Although, honestly, nothing matches that paddle controller.
The little analog stick is okay, but it doesn't match the paddle controller.
Like, the closest thing I've used that actually kind of works is a mouse.
A mouse will do an all right job, but, I mean,
the paddle controller was really where it's at.
So, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Kaboom.
Something really, really, really old for you to check out,
but I think a classic.
Certainly one of the best Atari 2600 games,
one of the best selling they ever put out.
Anyhow, we are going to take a break, but don't go anywhere, you guys.
When we come back, plenty more Orange Lounge ready to come,
including your calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
When we come back, with the conclusion of Orange Lounge Radio,
right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Tonight, episode number 664 in progress.
For this, November the 6th of 2016.
Hey, shout out to everybody that participated with Extra Life over the weekend.
I know that was something that was going on this weekend,
and looking at the tote board over at their Twitter account,
Extra Life 4, the number 4 kids,
they raised over $6.6 million for the Children's Hospital Miracle Network,
or, excuse me, Children's Mir- I got that out of order.
Children's Miracle Network Hospitals charity.
Sorry about that, but we know it's a good cause, no matter which way I order the words.
I had some friends that participated in that.
I tried to host a couple streams on my Twitch channels,
but every time they switched games, it broke the hosting,
so I wasn't able to do that all weekend long.
I do know Dark Sakura and Dan were participating in that at some point,
because she was streaming at some point,
but their setup, they couldn't really talk, so it was just raw gameplay.
But they were playing some cool games.
They weren't playing anything new.
They were playing at one point Street Fighter Alpha 2,
just random shit, because you know Jamie and Dan.
They drove over to their house.
They're always playing some random shit that probably isn't from this decade,
but that's why we love them, because they play a lot of classic games as well.
But anyway, very cool that that marathon raised a lot, a lot of money,
so congrats to everybody involved in that, and job well done.
Let's get back into some rapid-fire news.
Start with Loki.
All right, so aside from getting one of these with a Google Pixel or something like that,
the Google Daydream View VR will be releasing very soon, next week in fact, on November 10th,
and you can get it at a variety of locations.
For example, in the United States, they're going to be selling it for $79,
and that's going to be through Best Buy or Verizon.
If you're in the UK, you can get it at Ee, our car phone warehouse for 69 pounds, it looks like.
Some of the games that they said are going to be supported by it, Danger Goat, Gun Jack 2 End of Shift,
Home Run Derby, Hunter's Gate, Macorama, Need for Speed No Limits VR, and Wonder Glade.
I thought about picking up a Pixel just to get one of these, but no, I got PlayStation VR instead.
Fair enough.
And then finally, as I mentioned earlier, Call of Duty Infinite Warfare's Jackal Assault is out now on PlayStation VR.
It's free, so you can go check it out, download it, and see if you think it's more impressive than I thought it was, but it's free.
That's right, make your own damn decision. Don't listen to Loki, especially when the game is free.
It's free, but jeez, you know, it's just...
Although I use free with quotey fingers, because you have to buy a PlayStation VR.
So there is a little investment to make up front, but yeah.
At least it's something else you get to experience when you put down the money for a PlayStation VR.
There's like the Apollo 11 thing that they have on Oculus and stuff,
and I thought that was supposed to be coming out on PlayStation VR as well soon, but for some reason that hasn't been released yet.
It might just be in a couple weeks or something.
November is a very busy month for games, as we'll find out here shortly, right?
Anyhow, some other news.
Hey, remember the game Destroy All Humans?
The game is only about, what, 11 years old, but it is now available on the PlayStation 4 digital store.
Now there's trophies and widescreen support.
So yeah, there was I guess supposed to be a Destroy All Humans 2.
Oh no, I'm sorry, I meant there's supposed to be one as well coming out for PlayStation 4,
because it's been spoiled by the PEGI ratings board, but it is not actually out on PlayStation 4 yet.
It did not come out with Part 1.
So yeah, there you go.
So if you want to check out another PlayStation 2 classic on PlayStation 4, there you go.
That's available for $20.
Speaking of classics, Blue Dragon has made its way to Xbox One backwards compatibility.
So if you own a copy of Blue Dragon, which I do, yay, you can go check that out now on Xbox One backwards compatibility.
But I would ask you, have you beat Lost Odyssey yet?
Because if not, don't go back and play Blue Dragon yet.
No, I'm just kidding.
Both games were fine.
I preferred Lost Odyssey a little more.
Some people really love the art style of Blue Dragon,
especially because they had some very well done characters and so forth.
So yeah, check that out.
I don't know if anything else was announced at the same time for backwards compatibility.
I didn't check if there were, because usually it's like three games at a time,
but I didn't check if anything else was released that same day.
Blue Dragon was kind of getting all the press on that.
Alright, let's get into what is in stores this week.
Although our pal Bobby Blackwolf in chat has an update for you, Loki, on Apollo 11 VR.
We will be releasing the PSVR version of Apollo 11 VR later this year.
We are aiming for release of the PSVR, but we felt we needed to update the experience first before release.
It's coming very, very soon.
Cool.
Alright, well speaking of coming very, very soon, Loki, this Tuesday in stores.
So yeah, this week we've got quite a few things.
So The Silver Case on Mac.
Trillion, God of Destruction on PC.
Cartoon Network Battle Crashers on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and 3DS.
Eagle Flight, that weird Ubisoft game where you play as an eagle.
That's on PlayStation VR this week.
Lethal VR on HTC Vive.
Harvest Moon, Skytree Village on 3DS.
Robinson, The Journey on PlayStation VR.
Small Radios, Big Televisions on PC and PlayStation 4.
Sword Art Online, Hollow Realization on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Transport Fever on PC.
Fate, Excella, The Umbral Star on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Motorsport Manager on PC.
Senran Kagura, Bon Appetit, Full Course on PC.
Tyranny on PC.
Candle on PC, Mac, and Linux.
And Dishonored 2 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
That's it.
Big Week, are you picking up anything on that?
No.
Maybe I might check out, I had to see about Robinson, The Journey, how expensive it is.
And what the reviews look like on that.
But maybe that one.
But no for the rest.
Alright, well things in Japan, not quite as noisy as they are here.
But we do still have some releases to point out this week.
Which includes the Metal Gear Solid 5 Ground Zeroes plus Phantom Pain combo pack is out this week.
As well as the PlayStation 4 Pro of course also gets its release in Japan.
And there is a game called Fate, Excella.
Which comes out in a Regalia box and a Velbor box.
Which are I guess two different types of collectibles there.
That you can get that is out in Japan.
Also there is a red and a blue controller that you can pick up.
That's the new Dualshock that goes with the new PlayStation.
You can check that out.
And you can also get a full PlayStation 4 with Fate, Excella actually included with it.
Where some of the artwork from the game is like on the PlayStation 4 itself.
So this release is big enough to justify that type of special PlayStation.
So you can check that out over in Japan this week.
Otherwise over on the Nintendo 3DS this week.
There is also some new Nintendo, I'm sorry that is another countries release that snuck in there.
So I will mention Beyblade comes out this week in Japan.
Saikai Kusou no Sainen.
Shijuu Sadae no Saina comes out as well.
And Rilu Rilu Feralu Kira Kira Hajimeite no Feralu Magic comes out as well.
Obviously all of this will not matter the next week because Pokemon Sun and Moon are out.
Which is a huge release.
So that's why things are, you know, there are some games on the 3DS but it's going to get really noisy on the 3DS next week.
As it will over here.
Lastly on the Vita since, you know, it's still a thing, the Vita in Japan.
We do have that Fate, Excella also releasing there in Japan this week.
There is also a Vita to go with Fate, Excella also releasing in Japan this week.
It's a white PlayStation Vita with some of the artwork from the game on its back.
And AkumaJP is in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com and says,
Fate has its mania.
So basically like there's definitely a lot of fans over there that will buy this stuff up.
So there you go, that's what you have in Japan.
How about the UK, Loki?
The only thing listed for this week is Dishonored 2, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
Alright, before we get to our mailbag, I thought this is a good time for us to get a little bit angsty
and get some things off our chest because we've been waiting until the end of the show the past few weeks.
And you know what, I don't have time to wait, I'm mad, we're getting it out right now.
Loki?
I would like to try to act more angry, but unfortunately I have a really killer migraine right now
that hasn't gone away for a few hours.
I mean it's dulled itself for the medication, but as soon as that 4 hour mark hits, it's coming back.
So just have to get the migraine.
Well, my F.U. goes to being sick because even though I thought I'd shaken most of this,
my God, this is hard to get through a 3 hour show.
I'm like, oh my God.
Oh, I'm sorry, go ahead. And I have one more actually.
Oh, sure. F.U. to Loki for cutting me off.
But yeah, God, being sick sucks. I hate it.
I cannot miss any more works. I need to go back tomorrow.
And it's just like, oh my God, don't let me feel like crap tomorrow.
And I'm supposed to go to Chicago on Thursday. Don't ruin my trip.
What did I do to deserve this? I'm a good person.
Loki?
Okay, my other F.U. goes to people that drive cars who blow through intersections
or just flat out just try to hit you with their car.
And then when you look at them like you fucking idiot, they're like, sorry, and shrug their shoulders.
Like I literally saw a guy do this.
He ran through the stop sign, just completely blew through it at 40 miles an hour in a residential.
He just kind of like shrugged his shoulders like, sorry.
I'm like, you're not fucking sorry.
You dumbass, you're not sorry at all.
They're like this old woman, I was like crossing the street.
And she like nearly hit me with her car.
And she's just like, sorry.
I'm like, you're not fucking sorry at all, you old bat.
I just hate people like that.
It's like seriously, just, yes, it's your road, of course.
I'm interfering with your driving.
All right.
There it is, the F.U.s of the week.
Let's try to better our mood a little bit by reading some fan mail.
Every week you guys send an email to the show.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to do it.
And we pick our favorites and we read them here live on air.
You know, it's been a while since we've really had some emails, but we have a few this week.
We're making up for some lost time this week.
So I have some emails to get into tonight.
And our first email tonight comes from our old pal YYR.
And this email caught my attention immediately because the subject of the email was that Shane.
And I was like, oh, good, we're going to have an email to drag Shane a little bit tonight.
Hopefully he's not listening, but we'll see.
Anyway, let's get to YYR's email.
It starts off like this.
Hello, my name is Aaron Tepletsky.
I hope I said that right. Sorry, buddy.
And this email is about how much I hate Shane Alinko.
You have my attention. I'm a fan of this fan mail. Let's get to it.
And then says, just kidding. Oh, bummer.
Actually, this is regarding the discussion you guys had on last week's show about Super Mario Run.
The way that Nintendo is choosing to sell it and their ambitious goal to make it as popular as Pokemon Go.
For years now, it's been obvious that Nintendo mostly ignores what their competitors are doing.
And instead, they do things their own way.
The Switch trailer clearly showed that they will continue down that path.
Super Mario Run is no exception to this.
One of the ways the most popular mobile games have held on and grown their audience over the years has been continuous expansion.
Hate all you want on Candy Crush, but the game now contains over 2,700 levels.
What?
I think I got as far as level 40 and then it was like, I literally could not get past the stage without some of the pay to win stuff.
And I was like, fuck this game.
Exactly why there's 2,700 levels.
Oh my god, that's how there's 2,700 levels? Jesus.
You gotta beat them all and if you can't beat them all, then you gotta pay to beat them.
Even Rama, who played that game more than anybody else I know, said I hit level 375 and bailed.
And even when he was that far into it, I was like, intervention! Call A&E.
Believe it or not, over 1,000 of those levels, email continuing, were added just over the last 18 months.
King, along with the makers of other popular mobile games, have been able to keep and grow their player bases just by continuing to add content to their games.
And many of their players have not actually paid them anything at all.
Nintendo, on the other hand, seem to be releasing a game that unlocks entirely after one purchase.
On one hand, it sounds nice, but this also implies that the purchase game will be complete as is and will not be expanded in the future.
If this is the case, I expect that the majority of the audience will complete all the levels within days, if not sooner, and then will never come back.
That's not going to generate much word of mouth.
If Nintendo wanted to use this sort of outright purchase strategy, I feel like a better idea would have been to release level packs,
and then continue to release level packs every month in the future to keep the players engaged in the revenue coming in.
But it seems that's not what they're doing. I wish Nintendo luck with Super Mario Run, sure, and I'll look forward to just trying it personally.
But to think it can match the previous success of Pokemon GO is just delusional, unless they borrow a page from Candy Crush,
or just about every other long-term successful mobile game.
Sigh. I blame Shane for this, and for every misguided idea Nintendo has ever had.
As well I should.
Until next time, YYR.
Now, unfortunately, Shane is not here to defend himself.
But SSJ100Matt enters a very plausible Shane plea.
I'll give you Shane's thoughts on it, from SSJ100Matt's.
Um, whatever, you're wrong. Also, I don't care.
I think that's very fair. It's like he's in the room with us right now.
No, all that aside, I'm actually, all seriousness, I'm actually not sure what that had to do with Shane so much.
Shane must have taken a stance on it last night. I know he's been very hard on Pokemon GO.
On the Pokestop podcast, which we just did another episode that I have to put on the feed, but he still is very, very harsh on Pokemon GO,
and the fact that, you know, that game's kinda over, basically.
Yeah.
The minute, but to YYR's credit, he's absolutely right.
The minute they release more Pokemon, there'll be more people back in the game, for sure.
Imagine when they release shinies on there.
Yeah, exactly. Imagine when they release shinies, even Shane will be back. Absolutely.
But they're kind of drip feeding some of that now, because, you know, just today, like hours before we went live,
Pokemon GO added that whole daily bonus thing, which I think we'll cover in detail a little later in the show.
So, I mean, Pokemon GO is, you know, trying to add some of that stuff.
So, I can see for one perspective where, based on, you know, YYR's, kind of what he's saying in his email,
Super Mario Run does have to do great business out the gate, because it might not have a lot of longevity otherwise.
But at the same time, YYR, to be fair, we are also talking about a company that put out a very major patch for a four-year-old game this week.
So, anything's possible. Maybe there will be some free level packs that come out throughout the line,
or some other types of expansions, or so forth. Who knows? Who knows?
Alright, let's get to some other emails here. Next email comes to us from Robert M., who says,
I went to Six Flags with my brother's family. Some major issues with food service, but that's not the relevant part.
My corn dog wasn't cooked. When we went by the arcade, I quietly lamented the very small selection of redemption machines,
and got to thinking, what were the original, literal Penny arcades like before Space War and Pong?
I imagine largely simple pinball machines, before flippers even, and hand-cranked movies.
Personally, I'd love to see a clever and forceful steampunk group build an elaborate,
mutoscope version of Dragon's Lair with art more resembling iWorks? I don't know.
That's referencing an old technology that I don't know the name off the top of my head.
Then Bluth, and somehow fully mechanical. Oh, it's a name. Sorry about that.
What's your historical knowledge about that era of arcades? Clearly, if I'm fumbling over your names, not enough.
Would some form of redemption machine have been a thing back then? Thanks.
Well, I do know pinball's been around a very long time.
Pinball's been around certainly longer than video arcade machines have been.
Pinball was always kind of a bar thing, although certainly there were arcades and things like what you're talking about as well.
But yeah, a lot of the Penny arcades was also those old visual crank-turning things. You would see that.
And then, you know, we really didn't start seeing arcades as they were now until it was really like Pong,
and then just the floodgates that opened in the late 70s once Atari started doing more like asteroids and things like that.
And then you started getting Pac-Man, and just like in the early 80s, it was really like the floodgates were opened and just unleashed there.
So before that, I don't think you had as many arcades, but you certainly still probably had them in places like boardwalks and stuff,
where I think it was probably a lot more like carnival games and those sorts of things.
And then like you talked about in there, like the very old crank machines and things like that.
I do know that, at least for a while, I don't think they have it anymore.
I know for a while Disneyland had a place called Penny Arcade, but it was like there was a few of those crank machines.
You could see old Disney cartoons, and then the rest of it is a souvenir shop. Like there's not really a whole lot in there.
But now it's all about Penny slot machines, but that's very, very different.
I suppose in Nevada, if you went to a Penny Arcade, it was a very different thing. It was slot machines.
Anyhow, oh, there was a PS on that email. I want to make sure I get here.
I did pick up Severed and Crypt of the Necrodancer during the iOS spooky game sale.
Not sure how long I can dedicate a full gigabyte to the latter, but certainly recommendable.
Alright, let's get to our last email tonight from Ragenator, who says,
Hi Sky, Loki, and Shane and or Alan, if either one of you are there.
Well, you missed, it's just Loki and I hope that's okay.
It's Ragenator yet again. Seeing as it's become more or less my thing, I just wanted to point out a deal for everyone.
As I type this, GOG, or Good Old Games, is having their fall sale.
While not everything is on sale, there are plethora of games that are.
On top of that, the sale does have a gimmick of sorts. You can gain XP by performing certain tasks or spending money.
And once you cross certain thresholds, you can unlock free games.
I actually had no idea that was going on, so I do need to check that out.
Now that I got that news out of the way, I'd like to pose an open-ended question.
As we all know, PC gaming has multiple online storefronts, with Steam and GOG being the two most popular of the bunch.
Of course, there's a certain amount of overlap game-wise that these stores carry, plus sometimes there can be differences too.
For example, you could buy GameX on Steam, and when you play it, the game drops cards that you can either sell for a profit or use to craft badges.
If you bought GameX on GOG, it may not come with cards, but you'd get digital extras like wallpapers, OSTs, ebooks, etc.
Steam also tends to have the better sales more often.
With all that being said, do you guys find it difficult to choose what service or storefront to buy the games from, or do you just say fuck it and buy on both?
No, I would not buy on both, that's for sure.
Although, certainly in one of those bundles, I've probably bought something on PC that I also had on console, but that's also a little bit different.
I don't think I've ever bought the same game from two different stores. I don't think I can say I do that.
And I think honestly, Rage Nader, a lot of what you just basically said is what weighs into my thinking.
Well, what are the perks here, versus what are the perks here?
I don't really view the trading cards as much of a perk. It's pennies at most, and it's not really a big thing.
But at the same time, I also don't really use a lot of those books and things that they do on good old games, because there's this thing called the internet where a lot of the same information comes from.
However, I can appreciate what they're trying to do from a collector standpoint, especially for the classic stuff.
So I'm not trying to shade that stuff, I'm just trying to say, realistically, especially for the newer games, a PDF file is not really going to make or break where I'm going to buy this game from.
So it does usually come down to the sales, which yes, Steam tends to have the better ones.
I tend to stick with good old games for classic games, and I'm actually kind of bummed that they're moving more into the newer stuff, because there's still so many classic games, I would like to see them get on their service.
I'm sure they're trying, but there's things like the original Civilization where it's like, please get this game on your service.
And I understand, I'm sure they've asked, and there's reasons why it's not there, but I still feel like there's more to develop in that back catalogue.
And maybe this is just what they have to do to stay profitable and so forth, so I get it, I get it.
Loki, is there anything you want to add to this? Any insight you have on where you choose to buy your games online?
Well, it tends to be worth it, especially on PC, since most of the stuff I purchase I don't end up playing anyways.
It just ends up in the back catalogue that's ever growing.
So typically it's just bundles a lot of the times. If I'm actually going to go out and purchase something, it's usually on Steam, but it's whoever offers it cheapest at that point.
Yeah. Dungeon Buster points out in chat over at live.vog network.com, says GOG still does classic games, but there's the whole sorting out the rights of who has what now thing.
Yeah, that can get complicated sometimes.
And AkumaJP is trying to invoke Mass Effect again, but hold on, because Mass Effect 3 was only available on Origin, so it kind of made that decision easy.
And I think I did get 1 and 2 on Origin as well, but only because all of them, I bought all of them when they were on a deep discounted sale.
Like it was long after I'd already played the trilogy on Xbox 360, and I bought, no, Mass Effect 3 actually I did buy on PC, not on a deep discount, because I wanted to play online on PC.
I really loved multiplayer on Mass Effect 3, don't forget, that was a big thing I was super into for a while.
So, yeah, and I really hope that's something in Andromeda as well. We'll find out tomorrow! I hope. We better.
Anyway, lastly, Raginator concludes the email with, this email was not brought to you by Loki, because if Loki had anything to do with this email, it wouldn't have been finished and sent.
That was unnecessarily mean. That was unnecessarily mean, but I laughed.
Alright, there it is, your emails. Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
I'm just looking at chat over at Live.Vognor.com. This isn't relevant to what we're talking about right now, but it is kind of relevant to gaming.
ActDeft says, did an emote, ActDeft needs to not pay attention to R slash Pokemon Go. Jesus Christ, the salt going on right now.
Yeah, and you know what, that's not the only Reddit that gets a lot of salt. I don't know if they finally cleaned it up, but I know No Man's Sky was really bad for a while.
I would say for Pokemon Go, what the hell is the name of it? It has another name, it's the Silph Road, that's the name of it.
That's where there's a lot of people that play Pokemon Go, but it doesn't have quite as much salt.
And that's sometimes what happens on Reddit, is that the communities will form something with a more niche title that you have to search for a little bit to kind of keep the ranters out.
To keep it more of a fans only thing because you had to search it out a little bit.
So, anyway, just an observation from your comments there in chat. Let's get back into some other news. Loki.
Alright, so there's a hedgehog movie guest coming out, which I was unaware of that, but apparently now they've got some people attached to it.
Tim Miller, who was working on Deadpool, is now working on developing an adaptation of Sonic the Hedgehog for Sony Pictures.
So he's bringing one of his collaborators, Jeff Fowler, to work on the project as well.
And it would be his directorial debut. It's supposed to be a CGI animated slash live action hybrid family oriented movie. Oh god.
Yay, family oriented. I just think it's funny that, you know, Deadpool is going to have this in common with Sonic the Hedgehog, but it's not like I suddenly expect Sonic the Hedgehog to start coming out saying fuck.
That would be fucking amazing. Like, it's just all family for a little while, then something happens like, fuck.
And it's like, it just goes downhill from there. That would be awesome.
Tigerclaw in chat pointing out Tim Miller's background is with animation since he worked at Blur Studios.
Right.
SSJ100Matt saying, just don't have Sonic's friends in the movie. For god's sake, don't put his friends in it.
I would be fine with his friends being in there if it was like a joke. Like, you know, like all of his friends.
Or they all get brutally murdered.
But I imagine some like Tails, Knuckles, Doctor Robotnik, some of them are going to have to be there, but the other ones, murder.
This kind of sounds like it's like one of those, oh, they've entered our dimension and now Doctor Robotnik's going to try to take over Earth and it's lame and cliche and tropey.
Tigerclaw says, I bet the live action Sonic is based on the Sonic Adventure games. It's the only ones that had Sonic on Earth.
And Dark Tetsuya says, oh god, so like the Smurfs movie?
And Bob Coffee suggests, that's when Sonic says fuck as soon as his friends appear.
Aw, fuck you guys.
Alright, we'll give this movie the benefit of the doubt.
You know who should write the Sonic the Hedgehog movie? You know who should write that movie, Loki?
Whoever's running their Twitter account should be writing the movie. That would be an awesome movie and you know it.
Anyway, so there was a, I guess there was an arcade convention thingy going on this weekend, right?
We're getting some information about some new products that are going to be unveiled at IAAPA, which I think is something like International Amusement.
So we get some new games that are being unveiled and Sega Amusements actually unveiled a lot of their lineup that can be expected that they're going to be showing off at this expo.
So they have a game coming out called Target Bravo Operation Ghost.
So this is a game where it looks like it's kind of an update of a game that they did back in 2011, which was Operation Ghost and this is a new sequel to it.
So it looks like you've got an actual scene from Operation Ghost in this giant blue camo cabinet there, so that looks pretty cool.
Thank you, Dark Tetsuya, it says International Arcade Amusement and Pinball Association. Thank you, that sounds a lot better than what I said.
Also, Let's Go Island Dream Edition, another classic game coming back from Let's Go Jungle.
This is a casual light gun game where you're in a tropical setting blasting bugs away, so that's been updated.
So yeah, there's lots of cool stuff as well.
And, apparently, it doesn't stop there, because at the, I guess this is the AAMA Gala, it was announced that Daytona is coming back.
That's right, Daytona 3 Championship USA is coming back.
And I always would love an excuse to play this song here on Orange Lounge Radio, although it's tragic Dark Soccer is not here to celebrate.
That's right, Daytona is back, motherfuckers, Daytona 3 Championship USA.
That's it, I don't think we know much more about it right now, if it's a remake or remaster or what.
It's gonna have new tracks, and it's also gonna be the old tracks that are remastered as well, but it's gonna have the same arcade physics feel of the original Daytona games.
And if this song isn't in it, throw it in the garbage. Throw it in the garbage if that song isn't in it.
It's gotta be in it.
Am I right? It's gotta be in it.
Hopefully a remix.
Ooh, that'll be even better.
Maybe they could get a celebrity singer, maybe they could get Ariana Grande to sing it or something, complete with the...
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
David Hasselhoff.
Oh, that'll be even better.
I'm excited about that.
Yeah, it seems like, I mean, that's the type of thing that'll probably end up at a Dave & Buster's or a Round 1, so I'm really excited to check that out.
Heck yeah.
Loki, what's next?
Alright, so as we kind of alluded to earlier, Pokmon GO is getting some new daily bonuses to get you to check out the game each day.
So after the Halloween event, they actually launched this.
Each day, resetting at 12 midnight local time, you'll get some new bonuses.
So that'll be different things like activating a Poksop or catching a Pokmon or something like that.
You'll get extra rewards for doing those activities seven days in a row, and it'll give you extra experience and extra stardust.
And maybe the stops will give you more items.
That's cool.
Because I sure as hell don't open this game up anymore for, I don't know, I just don't want to play it anymore.
Is this just not something, I mean, is this something that might bring you back, or is this just not a game you're playing again?
I've been playing Ingress, so it feels like it would take away from that, but it's just, I don't know.
Fair enough, fair enough.
The interesting thing is, apparently the client is supposed to be getting an update, but I didn't get the client update,
yet I got a bonus for catching Pokmon just right outside today, which I'm sure you already know.
They decreased the Pidgey and Rattata spawn, and so now different stuff spawns everywhere.
So like here at the house, I'm always catching Nidorans, and I've caught like three Pikachus, just randomly opening the app here.
So somehow our house in this neighborhood is a Pikachu nest again, so that's pretty cool.
So that's cool if they shook up those spawns too, is that it's not just fucking Pidgey and Rattata.
I mean, they're still out there, don't get me wrong, but it's not nearly as many as it was before, so that's kind of cool.
Alright, but it's not like you're going to suddenly see Porygons everywhere.
It's just like the Sandshrews, the Nidorans, the Cubones, the stuff that was like common, but not too common.
You know, it's just showing up everywhere.
Anyhow, I am really, really, really, really excited about this announcement,
and that is that Inti Creates has revealed that they are now holding the rights to Blaster Master,
and they've announced Blaster Master Zero.
That's right, the classic 8-bit series Blaster Master is coming back on the 3DS eShop in Spring 2017.
This was shared during the company's Fan Festa event in Japan.
So they got the rights to the original Blaster Master game, and they're working on this title.
They are creating a fully 8-bit experience in a way that harkens back to the golden age of the NES,
but uses the current generation hardware to optimize and power up the game for the players of today.
This, of course, includes new areas and bosses, and new gameplay elements such as extra sub-weapons,
improved gameplay when battling outside your Sophia III tank, a more robust scenario,
refined and expanded exploration mechanics, and more.
And there's actually some screenshots out there, so this definitely isn't like a remake of the first game,
but it certainly looks like it, yeah.
Well, there's parts that are definitely inspired by it, for sure.
But then you look at some of these pictures, like there's some parts of it where the pictures,
like especially in the outdoor scenes, they don't look the same at all.
So they've definitely changed some things with this.
Now, I don't know if you guys remember, but there was a Blaster Master game on the Wii,
in the Wii Shop 2006, maybe, was when that was out.
The problem was it was a little bit clunkier, it didn't control quite right,
so it just didn't have that same feel of the original game.
But, you know, there have been attempts to do this before, and it didn't work so well.
Although, I don't know, that Wii one, it wasn't bad, it just didn't capture the magic in the same way.
So I do think it's pretty cool that they are kind of going back to the 8-bit roots type of thing,
and the 3DS certainly is an interesting platform to try that on.
You know there's a part of me that's like, why don't you put that on the Switch, though,
so I can put that on my TV in all its 8-bit glory?
Like, would it be that hard for them to move a 3DS game over to the Switch?
I'll just put it on the Wii U eShop.
Oh yeah, or the Wii U eShop, heck yeah, I'd go for that as well.
So that would be very cool if that would happen.
Put it on another console that's not the Nintendo.
So, I don't know, we'll see, I'm waiting to see a video as well, all there is is screenshots right now.
But, yeah, excited to check that out when it comes out next year.
So, yay, Blaster Master, I kind of figured that series was done after the Wii version didn't really energize things as well.
However, I do want to take this opportunity to say, NTCreates, if you happen to be out there listening to this program,
if you are in the business of buying up old franchises from the NES that are long dead that deserve a new game,
I got four words for you.
The motherfucking Guardian Legend.
I think that might be five words there.
Motherfucking is one word.
Ah, fine.
Alright.
Loki, before we get to the Skype line, what do you have for us?
Alright, so this is kind of cool.
So, Left 4 Dead getting an unfinished campaign that you can download.
So, Turtle Rock Studios had released this on like a third party site,
and it includes campaigns for two previously released, or it combines the two campaigns of dead air and blood harvest.
And they say it's not an official release, it's what they call a gray box.
Which means some of the environments lack proper textures, and some of the code and features are missing,
but it's playable from beginning to end.
You know, that means modders will just finish it though.
Also adds two survival maps, which have never been released as well.
That is also an old game, it's nice to see it getting support.
Wow, it seems to be a running theme tonight.
Everything old is new again.
Sorta.
Fresh coats of paint for everything.
Which, speaking of things that are old, is new again.
How many of y'all are picking up that NES Classic Edition that's coming out next week?
Although, there's been surprisingly little information on where to pick this thing up,
considering that it's coming out in days.
Yeah, and then also the other big bitch about it too is those cord sizes.
Yeah.
That's kinda like fucking stupid.
Yeah, they may have really made a mistake with that.
Although, I'll probably just get one for my computer room.
Even though I said I wasn't gonna buy one originally.
However, remember, Loki, we're in that year of we say we're gonna do something and then we do the exact opposite.
So, that's been a trend on this show the past year.
Exactly. Like I said, I've been working on my game, but I really haven't because I've been fucking exhausted every night.
And like, I seriously, I do open up, Unity is opened up on my computer,
I stare at it for five minutes, and then my brain's like, fuck that, we're going YouTube.
And it's just, it just can't handle programming.
Alright, well anyway, to celebrate the re-release of the Nintendo Entertainment System Mini NES,
for three days from November 11th through the 13th, the power line is coming back.
It's available from 6 AM to 7 PM Pacific, and the advice line will be available at,
I guess I can give the number out, area code 425-885-7529.
So, the advice line is coming back.
However, there's a catch, it's fully automated.
You won't be speaking to anybody live.
You'll get recorded tips for several games and behind the scenes stories from original Nintendo gameplay counselors.
So, unfortunately, no, they're not bringing in temps to get overwhelmed with questions for three days.
To try to find the answer in a binder somewhere.
They are going to just do recorded things to try to...
Hold on, let me type that into Game Facts to see if...
But at least it doesn't seem like it'll be 99 cents a minute.
At least there's that.
There, there, I guess, and now that we live in the age of cell phones that,
I don't know anybody that has a cell phone that charges long distance for calling a different area code this day and age.
So, I mean, I'm sure there'll be a lot of people that are just calling that for the lulz.
So, we'll see.
Anyway, check that out.
By the way, also, some other events going on.
The official Nintendo Store in New York.
There's going to be a retro 80s-themed launch event.
The first 250 visitors are going to be able to play classic NES games,
participate in a costume contest,
and show off their NES knowledge in a retro Nintendo game show.
Is Rama going to go as Luigi?
Like, tell me that's happening.
Hopefully he can swing, I don't know what his schedule's like, but hopefully he can swing that.
So, there it goes.
That is launching on November 11th, which is Friday, right?
That's Veterans Day.
I guess so, yeah.
Wait, am I, no.
Am I timing there? Yeah, 11th is Friday.
It's Veterans Day, or Veterans Day Observed is on the 11th.
So, cool.
Alright.
We're going to go ahead and open up the Skype line.
It's that time. Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype if you would like to give us a call.
And talk about anything we've talked about on the show so far tonight,
or perhaps there's something we haven't discussed yet that you'd like us to bring up.
Skype line is open now.
While we wait for any calls, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us tonight?
No, I was just taking a look at some of these.
They have some pins some guy made that are mashups between Simpsons and Pokemon.
They're fucking awesome.
Wait, they're pins?
They're pins.
Is that like an Etsy thing, or what is this?
I don't know, but it looks cool though.
Cool stuff. It's just on Reddit.
Okay. That's pretty cool.
Again, and I'm not going to keep this open long.
If nobody calls, then I'm going to say screw it.
I'm going back to sleep because I'm fighting this cold.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype.
Kaijuto says, calling that Nintendo power number back in the day was so cool.
We are getting calls.
Oh, my threat apparently paid off because now we're getting calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hola, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello?
This is a caller that calls in an awful lot to the show, and the audio usually works.
I don't know what's up, buddy. If you can hear me, I can't hear you.
So, give it the good old Echo 123, turn it off and then on again, and give us a call back.
So, we'll try that again.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype.
Yeah, it sounded like a muted mic or something like that.
I don't know what was up with that.
So, we'll just wait for them to call back.
Oh, somebody else is beating them to it, getting back in here.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Act F.
Okay, good. I know it's not our end.
Hi, Act F. How are you, buddy?
Really great, really great.
What's in your mind tonight?
Pokemon Go.
Ah, how are you enjoying it?
Well, I've been playing daily, so I pretty much enjoy it all the time.
It's what I play the most.
I've been playing it more now, probably, than when it first launched.
Well, I actually haven't stopped, so yeah, my experience with it hasn't decreased or...
Well, it has increased, so yeah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, we were talking about it in chat a little bit earlier. You mentioned it.
Yeah, the subreddit for Pokemon Go, it's full of complaints right now.
Now what are they complaining about, dare I ask?
Hello?
Hello?
Oh, oh, we just, okay, here in studio, we just lost the entire internet somehow, which caused us to lose the call.
And I got that message on the computer that said a local network cable is unplugged, which means we lost the entire internet for a moment there.
Well, I saw the lights flicker, so I wonder if it was like a...
Oh, do we maybe have a power surge for a minute?
Yeah, because I did see that light turn off and turn back on again.
Well, thank God we didn't just lose the entire recording there, because y'all know I still don't have one of those little emergency brick things.
So, we lost that call.
I guess that's it.
Well, let me see, nope, we're getting it back. I think it's coming back.
Hello, are you there?
Hello again.
Hi, we had a power surge or something weird happened.
So, sorry about that, buddy.
So, where did we leave off? You were talking about Pokemon Go, and that you've been playing it pretty steady.
Oh, we were talking about the Reddit, and what is their complaint now on Reddit?
Well, I was talking about the client update, and it has something that many people are complaining about.
It's the speed limit, and it has been affecting people for the last month or so, because if you go over 30 miles, I think, or 25 miles, I cannot remember right now.
You cannot see Pokemon either on your tracker, or even those that spawn.
With this latest update, you cannot use PokeStops if you're going over that certain mileage.
Oh, ouch. Okay, so now people can't hack the gear as fast anymore.
Well, it was that way in Ingress. You can't hack portals if you go any faster. It's 35 miles an hour, which actually, or it's about 35 miles an hour.
That's not entirely true, but yeah.
Well, it is and it isn't. Here's the thing. It has to be, the game doesn't necessarily know where all the legal roads are.
So the distance between the two portals that you hack, the game can't think it took you more than 30, that you were going more than 35 miles an hour to get between the two of them, if that makes sense.
And it's an average speed.
Yeah, it's basically like an average speed.
See, Pokemon Go works by basically, it pings where you are every few seconds, or not even every few seconds, every second or so, and then it calculates your speed that way, whereas Ingress, it calculates it based on your last action.
So if you either charge a portal or you hack something, that's where it counts it, and then when you do it again, it calculates the time it took you based off the distance, and then it tries to estimate your speed.
But I mean, I understand that people are probably irritated because they can't just drive through downtown and hack everything in sight anymore, but I don't know.
I mean, I can also understand why they want to put this in here for safety reasons, although it certainly sucks if you're the passenger, especially if you're on a train or a bus.
Yeah, it kind of sucks. I do kind of understand the complaints and all, but really, the subreddit is going like crazy complaints. Like, fuck.
You cannot read that subreddit because it's like really a downer, and I don't understand how many people get upset like that.
Yeah, if you're a passenger, it sucks, but the game pretty much states that you have to walk. You have to go out there, walk, and do all that stuff.
Let's see, I'm looking. Since you don't want to read PokemonGo's Reddit, I will. I will right now. Let's see, we have,
What the actual hell is Niantic doing with their PokeStop speed cap? I am so confused as to why they try so hard to kill their own game.
Well, I mean, could some of this be due to some of the lawsuits they were getting, too? I mean, think about that.
I mean, if somebody got in a car accident and blamed PokemonGo, which I seem to recall was in the news the week this game came out.
You can't blame PokemonGo. You can blame yourself for violating, you know, cell phone laws.
That's right.
Yeah, but people are stupid, so.
That's right. Let's see, final nail in the coffin. Oh, friendly reminder to Niantic that not everyone lives in San Fran.
Yeah, they expanded the whole San Francisco thing out to, here's the hilarious thing.
Okay, so the new range thing, the new scanner thing works outside the Bay Area. It's the extended Bay Area now, right?
So that will work in Davis. It will not work here in Sacramento, which is literally on the other side of the river.
So we're like the cutoff point for where that thing no longer works.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. It also works in some parts of Arizona, which I don't know which parts. I didn't ask my buddy in Tucson if he sees it.
The Bay Area parts.
And Seattle has it now, too.
Well, at least they are rolling out to other places.
Yeah, at least they're rolling out to other places.
I imagine that it's going to be like, oh, we're gonna do it first, like, in the US, maybe Japan.
But I live in Mexico, and I don't see how or when I'm gonna get that tracker.
This has been a frickin' slow process, and they kinda need to get on it, like, you know.
And, you know, if you listen to Pokestop Podcast, Shane is very adamant about the fact that the original tracker was the best.
And that's the one they need to bring back, was the whole hot and cold game.
And so, you know, the game kinda lost something when it lost that. So, you know, and it's a fair criticism.
Yeah, it's criticism and all that, but some take it way too far.
Anyway.
Even then, because, let me continue just a bit.
Because with the new update, I don't know if you read it all, or read it all, the gym thing where you can get sniped from other people.
Right.
If you take down the gym and other people just can pretty much put their Pokemon and you're screwed.
Yeah, they fixed that, right?
Yeah, they fixed that. If you take down the gym or the gym leader, only you can put another Pokemon on the gym.
So, yeah, Niantic finally did something great. They're doing some really great things right now with Pokemon Go.
Yeah.
And people also need to see that, that they're actually listening to us.
If it's anything like Ingress, the game that people are playing in Pokemon Go in a year won't look anything like the game that it was originally.
And I remember Ingress from the early, like, beta years.
Yeah.
Well, beta game, like, and I played it recently before Pokemon Go and it's a completely whole new game.
Yeah, it's different. And there's big rumors, big, big rumors that an Ingress 2.0 is coming soon.
So, we'll see. Because that would be a big deal.
They're thinking that Ingress is going to get updated graphics, kind of like what Pokemon Go has.
And maybe some other stuff to go with that. So, we'll see.
That would be nice. I know lots of people that still play Ingress, so.
Yeah.
They'll be really happy about this.
I still play as well, but, you know, I'm kind of getting to the point where I don't know if I want to say I'm burned out.
Because I still like a lot of the social stuff, but it's just, I'm just, I'm ready to play other games.
Like, it's just like, I played Warcraft fucking Pedal to the Metal for like four or five years.
And then I just kind of burned out on it. And I think that's, I'm starting to kind of get there with Ingress.
Which I'm sure if any of our local competition is listening to the show, they will be thrilled to hear that.
But, you know, I think it just happens with games. Sometimes you're sick of playing.
But I still like the social stuff.
Yeah.
So.
Yeah, I did get burned out on Ingress, like, really. Well, not fast, but, yeah.
After Pokemon Go started, and I didn't, like, have any interest for Ingress after that.
But, yeah.
But if some of my friends are like, hey, come down to this bar and, by the way, we might frack a portal there.
I'm going to be like, alright, cool, I'll drop an eight. I'll open the game to do that for you.
You know, it's that type of thing. I like the social stuff still.
Yeah.
Alright. Well, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can try to sneak in one or two more calls.
Thanks for the call, okay?
Hey, thanks for having me.
Yep. Take care.
Alright, let's see if we can sneak in this one other call here.
Hello, you're on Orange Dogs Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron.
Hey, fixed your mic. What's up, buddy?
Yeah, I had to unplug the mixer and plug it back in so it'd kind of reset itself.
Uh-huh. So you did have to, you had to turn it off and then on again.
Something along those lines.
What's on your mind, my friend?
I just want you to know, I was on the other side of my little small studio apartment being a responsible adult for once in my life, folding my clothes for my laundry.
Good job.
Thank you. And I hear you say something about me having to make an appearance as Luigi somewhere in New York City, so what's going on now?
You just called in to get more information?
Yes.
So the Nintendo Store in New York is doing a launch event for that mini Nintendo on November 11th is the launch.
I don't know when the launch event is, but they're saying the first 250 visitors will be able to play the classic NES games and participate in a costume contest dressed as their favorite Nintendo character.
So I don't know if that's like a midnight launch or if that's like when the store opens or something, so you're gonna have to look into that, but it's for the mini NES.
Well, you know, I am going away this weekend, but I think I could fit that in on a Friday, see if I could do it.
There you go. You can pencil it in.
If the timing is right, I may have to show up as Luigi from Super Mario Brothers Super Show.
I love it.
Well, I did do that version, you know, for a couple of conventions, and I did buy some more tools, so you know, gotta add to the tool belt, you know?
Uh, yeah. Where are you going this weekend?
I'm visiting a friend upstate New York.
Oh, okay. I thought it was a convention. Sorry, I didn't know.
Uh, no, no, no. I have one more convention on my list, and that's if I can get into it. If I can get in, I'll be going. If not, you'll only be seeing me at MAGFest.
Oh, you are going to MAGFest?
If everything falls according to plan, I will be at MAGFest.
Yay, I'm excited.
Oh, yeah. The main reason is, I will be breaking out one of my favorite cosplays I haven't worn in a very long time, so I've been looking for a reason to wear that one again.
SSJ100Matt says, again, isn't Exeterfer going to be in New York City next weekend? Oh, is it that soon? It's whenever GamerX East is. He's going out there for that. So, wow, that's great.
You know what's interesting about GamerX East? Do you know where it's being held at?
Yeah, it's like at Microsoft's office or something.
Yep, right on 42nd Street on the 5th floor, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, they're converting conference rooms and stuff into what this is going to be. That's why, apparently, you cannot get tickets at the door. You will have to get tickets in advance, because it's going to be kind of locked down to people who only have the tickets, basically.
Yeah, pretty much. Before I started working for the company, I was there a couple of times previously for a couple of independent gaming events, so it's pretty nice.
And I already told Exeterfer to keep in touch with me, that way I can drag him around to some cool spots in the city.
Awesome. I know you'll take good care of him.
Alright, but one thing, though. Do I have to take him to the West Village?
That's up to him. I don't know if he's really super into that type of stuff. I think he has to go to where Christopher Street and Gay Street meet. If he doesn't go there, I don't know why the fuck he got on a plane.
Okay, I think we can arrange that. I'll take a picture and I'll post it to somebody's Facebook or Twitter so you can put your seal of approval on it.
Perfect, perfect. How can he go and not get that picture? He has to.
Well, you do realize if this happens, you have to do the same thing, too, mister.
I did when I was there in 2006, because I sent it to him. I took a picture there and I showed it to him. I said I took that picture for you.
Ah, so, turnabout's fair play.
Exactly, exactly. Alright, my friend. I'm going to let you go, but if you end up going to the event this week, be sure to let us know how it was.
I will be posting pictures. I'll have a battery with me. I'll try to do a livestream or something. We'll figure something out.
Sounds good, my friend. Take care.
You, too.
Alright, bye-bye. Alright, and I think that is going to do it for the calls. Those are the two folks I saw trying to get in there. I think I am going to go ahead and close up the Skype line.
Sorry if you didn't get through, but please consider sending us an email to participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
But for now, I've about hit my limit for how much I can talk with still being this sinus cold is still horrible and I need to rest up so I can get back to work tomorrow.
But thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening to the show. Really appreciate it.
Again, as a reminder, we will not be here live next week. There will be no new show on the feed next week.
However, we will have a show on the feed. I'm thinking Wednesday the 16th, I think is the date, there will be a show on the feed, episode 665.
And then we will be back live on 20 November with episode 666 of Orange Lounge Radio. So that will be our next live show.
Thank you so much for tuning in and supporting our show. If you like what you heard, please consider leaving us a review on a site like iTunes.
A nice 5 star review goes a very, very, very long way in helping us out. So we really appreciate that.
We don't ask for your money. We just ask you to tell a friend or five about the show.
Otherwise, time for final thoughts. And my final thought is I'm ready to edit the show and then lie down and take a nap or something.
It's going to be more than a nap at this point. And then face the day tomorrow. Loki, your final thought tonight?
I don't know. I'm deciding where I'm going to drive tonight.
Alright, well I hope it's a good drive. And that's it. Have a good night everybody. We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio. Bye bye.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music
