This week, Twitch gets bigger and legal pressure gets stronger.
Long known to be a source of contention, copyrighted music on streams has become a large content
liability with Twitch choosing to delete large amounts of archived content from streamers'
channels where copyrighted music was present.
This is a complicated subject that I can't properly express in 20 seconds alone, so I'm
turning it over to your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to discuss this and
all the night's news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again tonight with episode number 840 of our show.
For this October the 25th of 2020, my name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joined as always by
my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey.
Hey, Jamie.
How you doing?
I'm all right.
Yeah?
I'm in-
Well, I'll be honest, headache, but I'm here.
You're here.
All right.
Well, appreciate-
There's no bright glowy circle halo like usual.
That's okay.
That's okay.
It's all right.
But anyway, so it's okay for things to be dark and a little bit moody tonight, I suppose.
Moody?
Well, yeah, that would be me.
I'm trying to pick out everything on your shelf too, and I'm having a hard time.
Okay.
So I have my mini Impala from Supernatural.
All right.
I have my Sam Pop.
I have P-P-Puddin, Parappa, there's a Magikarp back there, I have a weighted companion cube,
and my pumpkin because it is Halloween-y.
All right.
Well, unfortunately-
I'm enjoying my Supernatural love because the show is almost over.
For those that are listening on our podcast feed, they can't see all that stuff on video,
but it's just incentive to try to be here when we record live Sunday nights at six o'clock
Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at twitch.tv slash vog network, The Voice of Geeks network,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So we are live on Sunday nights.
And if you're a subscriber here on our Twitch feed, which I think you can pay five bucks
for, or you can use your free Amazon Prime subscription that will give you one free Twitch
sub a month.
You can use that, and that will allow you to access all the video on demand.
So if you're listening at home on your podcast feed right now through Spotify or something,
and you're like, I want to see Dark Sakura's recording space, you can hit up the Twitch
channel and check that out.
Also joining us, of course, as he is every week, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
And I see the listeners who are participating live tonight with us have recognized the game
behind you as Carrion, that game that came out not that long ago.
Is this something you've been playing lately or?
No, I just I have to think of a Halloween game and I could have done the other one.
I was kind of going with thought about Friday the 13th from the NES, but I was like, yeah,
that's a good one.
I'm sure we've done that before, but probably I haven't really played much.
I haven't really played any of this game, but I know that that they have as part of
that Devolver Digital E3 game thing that they did.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So and I love the Friday the 13th video game.
I know it gets a lot of crap for being a terrible video game, but I don't hate it.
I think the music was good, too.
It was creepy, very creepy.
And those those first person sequences in the house.
I'm sorry, that was that was some scary shit.
All right.
So those of you that are watching us live can see we're on the four shot tonight, which
means we have a guest joining us.
And say hello, everyone joining us all familiar face here at Orange Laundry.
Say hello to Shane.
Hello.
Hey, Shane, how are you doing?
I've been better.
I was going to say, you don't look so great.
Do you do you care to share with listeners what's going on?
No, because I've already talked about it before and posted on social media that I got COVID.
So, like, legit, you tested positive for COVID.
Yeah, it was this this is probably why I got it.
I took a test so I would have to not go to school the next day because we only have one
car and my husband needed it for something else.
Like, well, if I take a test, then I won't have to have I can't go to school.
And I was already like I had like a sore throat and a cough.
I was like, it's a good enough reason to let me get tested and then you can just take
the car.
Well, I got tested and oops, it was positive.
So it was that.
There's a name for the show if I ever heard one.
Oops, it was positive.
Well, obviously, I'm I'm giggling about it now, but it's not, you know, it luckily we
can make a little light of it because your symptoms, although they've been lingering,
haven't been serious enough to send you to the hospital or anything like that.
Right.
So the sore throat and cough, the sore throat was the worst thing for me.
Thankfully, I'm on day nine or ten now and my sore throat went away yesterday.
So that's good.
A cough, fatigue, general just breathing issues and crazy amounts of headache.
I don't normally get headaches, so it's very frustrating.
Now what is interesting about this scenario, too, is that, you know, I wasn't here on Orange
on Radio a couple of weeks ago because I took a trip out to Idaho.
I'm not sure how explicitly I said this, but I went to go visit Shane.
Like Shane is, you know, one of my longest friends.
And we thought, you know, you and your husband take this situation very seriously.
Me and Alan take this very seriously.
So we don't really get to see other people a lot.
So we kind of figured that the risk was low.
So something that you guys may not know, two hours before OLR last week is when Shane sent
me a text that was like, boy, do I have some news for you type of thing.
So I had to get a test Monday and mine was negative.
So there's that.
So it seems likely that you probably got COVID like a day or two after I left.
The way the timing works out, right?
Yeah, I think maybe one day, um, and it's, it's, I guess, I guess the term is funny.
It's funny too, because Dustin didn't get it.
He tested negative.
We have two roommates.
They tested negative.
It's just me, the person who screams all the time about wearing their mask and will not
take it off even in the car if I'm going to go get drive.
So I probably picked it up at school somehow.
Shane is joining us to talk about video games and not just COVID, but I have to say, just
to kind of back up your story a little bit, like when I got there on Thursday and like
got to your house, you and Dustin were wearing masks in the house and so was I.
And I was like, well, I don't want to be rude and take mine off.
They're going to keep theirs on.
And there was a point where I was like, are we just going to have our masks on in the
house all weekend?
And I think Shane was like, yep, but we did.
We ended up, obviously it just, it became too much and you know, but, uh, yeah.
So, um, well, obviously, you know, the, our chat is lighting up over at twitch.tv slash
VOG network.
Uh, there's a lot of people wishing you well, and I'm hoping that, uh, you feel a lot
better very soon.
Uh, and the good news is you have been slowly, like it just seems like this whole
process is just long is what's, what's annoying about it.
Yeah.
I mean, once I kicked the sore throat, everything else is manageable to me.
I don't mind getting fatigued.
I don't, headaches are stupid and I'm glad I normally don't get them because they are
so annoying.
Um, the cough is like, whatever, but man, it does suck.
And it does take a while.
And supposedly starting tomorrow, I'm okay to do stuff again.
Excuse me.
I'm okay to do stuff again, but like, no, you're not like, I'm sorry.
Hey, hey, Shane, do you feel like you have an adult Maine Coon sitting
on your chest the whole time?
A what?
A Maine Coon, giant cat, big cat.
Oh, I hope not.
No, I don't feel like that.
It doesn't feel like that.
See, when I had pneumonia quote fingers, I felt like that all the time, but I had
the sore throat and I had the headache the whole time and I couldn't move.
I felt like doing nothing but sitting in the chair.
Thank goodness Animal Crossing had just come out, but still, yeah, I hope you feel
better.
Yeah.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
The doctor told me that he's like, you're probably not going to feel better really
for two weeks at least so, or like all the way better.
So I'm just gonna find a, I'm still not going to school.
I can't, I told them, yeah, I don't have a sore throat anymore, but the cough is
probably not a good thing to go back to class with.
So they listened and yeah, I'm still just going to take it easy.
I don't really have anywhere I need to be.
So let's just listen to your body first.
Uh, it took me six months, not six months, six weeks to fully get over all my
symptoms.
So listen to yourself first.
The doctors may tell you one, you know, blanket answer, but your body's going to
be the best judge.
Yeah.
Um, no one special 77 in our chat says the fact that Shane has yet to say
whatever during the call is a sure sign that he truly is sick.
Get well, dude.
Well, we haven't really talked about games yet, but I didn't bring you here
just to grill you about COVID, but I think it is one of those things people
are genuinely curious about, you know, cause it's, it's, it's everywhere.
Obviously.
Um, I mean, I'm laying in bed in the bedroom right now.
It's not like a normal studio experience.
I had to explain to the viewers why you look like shit.
Like, let's just, let's just say it.
What it is.
I'm not, my hair looks okay.
Your hair does not look like shit.
Like he's in bed with not bed hair.
I can tell Shane's like sick, like, but his, yes, your hair looks amazing.
I'll give you that.
All right.
Always does.
Thank you.
Okay.
Let's talk about games.
So obviously this whole COVID situation is shitty as it is means you get to stay
home and play a lot of video games.
Right.
So you've been playing a lot of the Pokemon DLC, right?
The Pokemon content, right?
Yes.
Oh my God.
I played it till like 6 AM the other night morning, something like that.
And I would tell us about it.
Cause I got to say, I don't, I mean, I know there is sword and shield DLC, but
I haven't played the first one yet.
So is this second one just like the first one, but with different
Pokemon or how's it different?
No, I feel like it's a step up.
Whereas the first DLC also kind of felt like a step up from the game.
Cause it was nothing but the wild area, but done a lot better.
This one is even better than that.
In terms of wild area, you know, there's some new legendaries, some new Galar
forms, but the part that matters is the Dynamax adventure.
The Dynamax adventures are what the max raid should have been.
And I cannot quit playing them.
There's so much fun.
What, tell us a little bit about what those entails.
So they're, they're, they're not quite like the raids, but there's some
similarity, right?
Correct.
They're like, they're a different style, right?
Because you still have four Pokemon against one, but in this one, you
don't bring your own Pokemon.
You are given a choice between like preset Pokemon, which is great because
then you don't see a lot of the same ones over and over again.
It's not like four legendaries against one thing that you're just
going to overpower really.
And nobody brings a fucking Magikarp that does nothing.
No, no, nobody brings a Magikarp.
I don't know.
Maybe you could get one on the way.
I don't know.
But anyway, you start out with four and you have to go through these tunnels.
And each at the end of each intersection is a Pokemon you fight just
like a normal max raid battle.
It has no shields.
So it's just one life bar.
And after you beat it, you and the other three people you're with get the
option to take that Pokemon with you for the rest of the journey.
And so you do that three times.
And at the end, you fight a legendary.
If you catch everything on the results screen, you get to take one of those
four Pokemon you caught to take back with what's great about that for people
like me is this is a fun way to shiny hunt while you're playing, none of the
Pokemon show up shiny, but at the end, the results screen where you pick the
Pokemon, if they're shiny and they have a one in 100% or one in 100 chance to be
shiny, it'll just show up on screen as a shiny, and then you take it and you
got yourself a brand new shiny.
Um, in fact, right before the show, a little, maybe a couple of hours, I ended
up getting a shiny, uh, legendary and I was super excited and it just made my
night.
Which legendary did you get?
Reshiram from black and white.
Oh, okay.
Congrats.
Thank you.
So is this kind of, um, one of the big, excuse me, is this one of the big, like
perks of this particular DLC is that you kind of get to do shiny legendary hunting,
which I don't think is something that's very easy to do in the games otherwise.
Right.
Maybe Pokemon go, but that's a non-issue.
Well, yes, I think the big draw for this content was supposed to just be
legendaries in general, but once the shiny odds for everything, plus the
legendaries that you, um, encounter in this new style of play, um, got figured
out, I think a lot more people were more excited.
Um, so yeah, the draw is legendaries, but for me it's yeah, shiny legendaries
or just random shinies.
Like, uh, maybe it was like my third or fourth time going through one of the
dungeons or whatever caverns I got a regular Pokemon.
I was like, whoa, I don't have this one yet.
That's awesome.
So it's neat.
I feel like my time is not wasted where max, max raids, I constantly
felt like my time was wasted.
Do you, do you think that they're going to end up doing a third DLC?
I know that that's been rumored for quite some time and, and could
potentially fill in the final remaining gaps and, and maybe make the national
Dexter's stop bitching, although I don't think they ever will.
But what do you, what do you think the status is on a potential third
DLC, just being a fan and follower of the series, as long as you have been.
Well, since my favorite Pokemon is not in yet, still, I want a third DLC.
If they didn't do a third DLC, I could see that still being okay.
And then next year we just get another new proper game.
Um, but if they were to do third DLC and not do a new proper game next year,
it's gotta be more expensive than what we've been given for, I feel like.
Do you think it's going to be a proper, um, game next year?
Or do you think it's going to end up being like a remake of either gen four
or like a let's go gen two type of thing?
What do you think?
I never want to let's go game after again.
So not no to that.
Well, I didn't say what you wanted.
I said what you think will happen.
Those are the same thing.
So no, I don't want nor think the let's go game should happen.
Um, I don't want a gen four remake either.
I'd rather have something new personally.
I'd rather have a third DLC over a gen four remake.
Okay.
Um, over at chat, uh, sg100 matt says, are the national deck
sirs still complaining?
Is water wet?
Like look at the responses to any Pokemon tweet.
Sorry, buddy.
Uh, at depth and chat says, uh, I don't think we'll get a third DLC, but I do
think we're getting Sinnoh remakes next.
So kind of on that train of the gen four remakes potentially next.
Yeah.
If gen four does come next, at least that means we're one step closer to a gen
five remade and that's all I realize.
Um, so anything else you want to say about Pokemon?
No, no.
Okay.
Let's talk about another game that, um, you've been playing a little bit and I've
been playing a little bit, so I'm getting into my gaming week just a little bit, but
with good reason cause Shane's still here.
Um, so, and, and this is also one of the things where I've been sitting here for
several months now saying, um, I'm probably not going to do this.
I'm, I really don't have any interest in doing this.
I'm not going to do this.
And, uh, I went and did it and that is, uh, playing world of warcraft.
And the reason why is because, uh, Shane, you've been playing it a little bit
because of the, uh, well, actually what, what made you want to play that again?
Actually, two things, uh, just curiosity to kind of see how the game has been.
Cause even if, even if I don't love it or even like it as much as I used to, it's
kind of like revisiting something, uh, like your hometown or something, you know,
I spent a lot of time in that stupid game and it's just kind of neat to
check out every once in a while.
So that's one reason.
And the second reason was they, um, decided to do a whole bunch of additional
customization for the game, for the races.
And I thought one of the problems that game has is every character
looks very much the same.
There's not a lot of diversity in what you can make.
And they were really trying to step up the diversity.
So I thought I would go check it.
Yeah, I'll say that the character customization.
I'm going to get, that's a big win.
Like it's, and it's not, obviously the diversity stuff is a huge win,
but like, it's even more than that.
Like, it's just like the way you can customize like Torrens.
I noticed, I was like, dang, you can make a Torren look really good.
And it's, I was very impressed with that whole thing.
I will say that.
Um, but yeah, you know, I was, I was dragging my feet in the sand.
I'm like, I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
And we have this long running joke on Orange Launch Radio that Shane has these
mysterious powers of persuasion where he can usually convince people to play
whatever game he wants them to play or do whatever.
But I was, I was standing firm on this one.
I'm like, no, I'm not dropping that kind of money on wow.
I'm not a huge Blizzard person these days.
Anyway, I'm going to sit this one out.
And then it's, you know, Rob, I got COVID and I'm bored.
Okay.
No, no.
Well, there's a, there's other stuff we're not going to bring up on the show.
You had a very bad week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I had a very bad week.
Um, but also in my defense, I did not really ask you to play so
much as you offered to play.
I finally caved because you had a lot of stuff going on and I recognize that.
And I'm like, okay, if I could do this thing to make Shane happy, I'll do it.
And I was like, you know what, if nothing else, I'll have an educated
opinion when I talk about it.
And, um, my educated opinion is like, it's again, the character
customization is cool.
Um, the level squish is interesting, but I'm, I'm kinda, I don't know.
Like I, anything is always more fun with friends.
I like playing with you.
And I like playing with the small friend group we have that still plays.
Wow.
Wow is interesting when that's happening.
But like I was starting to do kind of like a little priest on my own and I
was running it back through the Missa Pandaria areas and stuff and kind of
like getting reunited with stuff.
And I have to admit there kind of came a point where I was like, Hmm, this
isn't really fun alone.
And it's not something I really like.
I was just like, I'm going to go back to Final Fantasy 14 and
get my goals done in that game.
So like, I dunno, I hope the expansion turns out well for that community.
Cause there's a great, you know, community there, but I can't say there
was like, as much as they talk about this, this, um, uh, Shadowlands pre-patch
was huge changes and huge things going on with the levels, which is the
biggest changes to the game since Cataclysm, like as much as I hear all
that, and I can see that from the technical levels and everything, I
just couldn't help but feel, eh, this game is the same old shit.
Like this really hasn't changed that much in 15 years.
Well, in the, since, since Blizzard started going down the, since Mike
Morhaime left, it hasn't changed much.
So I think both and 14 are fine games in their own rights.
What's been good about Lout is that it's a game I can kind of
turn my brain off playing.
Whereas 14, even if we do the same two dungeons on an expert roulette over and
over, and there's not much variance, I still somewhat feel like I have to think
more and wow, like I got a character from, uh, zero to 40 in like two days.
Cause I could just sit there and mindlessly play.
So maybe it's cause it's all old content still, but I don't know.
It's good for mana and stuff.
It is really fascinating how Blizzard has just basically said, okay, so old
world of Warcraft is going to go squish like, and you're going to get through it
in the blink of an eye, and then we're just going to move right on to the latest
expansion.
So they really are hedging like the future of WoW basically, or maybe not on
this new, I think WoW will still be, if EverQuest has like 20 expansions, WoW
is still going to be around a long time, but, uh, they're hedging a lot of the
future of WoW on this new expansion.
So, yeah, and that they ended up delaying.
So it'd be interesting.
Okay.
So we talked Pokemon.
We talked, wow.
Any other video games I've got to talk with you about Shane?
Okay.
We'll talk about that.
Let's actually tie that into the other kickoff topic I had planned for tonight.
Um, so Loki, if you don't mind me throwing the ball to you, uh, there was a huge
historic event on Twitter.
Everybody knows what this is going to be, uh, that involved that game
among us this week, right?
Uh, Loki, just so you know, you're muted and I can't hear you.
Sorry.
I thought I had unmuted.
It's 2020.
We're all used to asking when people unmute happens.
Yes.
So, um, uh, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, um, streamed on Twitch, which,
uh, she had teased about doing.
Uh, she is one of the representatives in the, I wouldn't say the house.
And so, um, it's just kind of a really unique thing because normally, you know,
you don't see a lot of these representatives and stuff, uh, connecting
with their constituents in kind of a more modern way, for example.
So, um, of course it was met with, you know, uh, a lot of viewers because
everyone was really interested in this and it was overall pretty wholesome
about it, but it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was,
it drew in over, uh, four thousand, four hundred and thirty thousand viewers.
I want to say that number's probably a little low because I think that's
just her stream was the peak on that.
But considering that all the other people that were playing along with
her, um, lots of other streamers, there's probably folks watching
through them as well.
So I would, I think that number's probably a bit lower.
And it was also, um, that was the concurrent viewers.
If you go and you, so now, and Twitch didn't always do this, but now with
the VODs or the video on demand, it actually shows a view count.
So like most of the VODs on VOG Network were one, two, three, four, five
views, you know, very few people going in the archive and looking at old shows.
Um, but now what happens, it doesn't do that anymore.
Well, it does for the highlights of the show, but like if you go back
and you watch the live uncropped version, basically with all the, you
know, standby, we'll be live soon and all that stuff, it actually shows
the number of views that this episode got while we were live all together.
So a lot of them have, you know, 120, 130, however many people
dropped in and out during the show.
My point is AOC's stream had, had 5 million less last I checked.
Now, obviously this made, yeah, this, this made news.
Maybe there were people going in and out several times during the thing.
A lot of people checking it out after the fact, I'm sure as it was linked
on all these news blogs and things like that, but that's, that's huge.
That's a lot of people.
It was, and it was really, it was really like a wholesome, the whole
thing was like a very wholesome stream.
Um, it was fun to see a lot of different content creators get
together to kind of pull this off because originally the whole thing
started off with, um, she was posting on Twitter, Hey, who'd be interested
in an Among Us stream and everyone's like, yeah, me, me, me, instant exposure.
Yeah.
So you had, you know, like lots of online personalities.
Uh, first off another representative Ilhan Omar was in there as well.
So that was great.
Um, yeah, she was vicious.
So many people, uh, yeah, you had a Hassan piker, a pokey main, uh, Dr.
Lupo disguised toast, uh, moist, critical myth, um, jacksepticeye.
I know Gus buckets or Gus Johnson was in there as well.
Um, uh, what was it?
Corpse husband who that guy had a voice voice.
Um, so yeah, it was just, it was a great, great event overall.
Um, lots of just kind of promoting folks to go to the polls, vote, um, get
registered to vote if you're not registered, um, I mean, it was just great.
And it was just like, it was a nice change of pace with all the chaos going
on, just to like, be able to connect with someone, you know, a politician in a way
that's not like just wanting to drive you nuts, it was like someone relatable at
least, and I think that's kind of what she was going for with that.
So overall really great.
For sure.
And over in our chat, SSJ 100, Matt, let me give you a, for, uh, for, uh, for
instance, game number one of the world series that happened that same night had
about 15 K concurrent worldwide.
And that's compared to the 400 plus K, uh, plus, plus when you count the
other streamers, the AOC had now, look, I'm not bringing this story up on OLR.
We're not bringing this story up on OLR necessarily for the political side of it.
Like it's no secret that, you know, the host of the show tend to lean a little
left.
Okay.
Like I know you've picked that up over the time.
Um, I don't necessarily a hundred percent agree with AOC all the time.
Like I don't necessarily agree with every of her ideas and things like that.
Um, but, uh, I agree with a lot of them.
And I was more taken by, as opposed to agree or disagree or any of that stuff,
putting all of that aside, I would like to think that if I was someone who leaned
right, I would still be somebody that would be pretty impressed with, and I
think that keyword is relatable, how she really made politics and politicians
feel relatable and it's, it's ironic that the whole game was called among us
because I'm sure there'd be some people that are gonna make the joke, LOL, she's
an imposter, but I kind of felt she was really among us, you know, and Ilhan Omar
as well.
And even, and if you want to talk about right-leaning versus left-leaning and all
that stuff, uh, during the thing she was talking about, shout out, because I know
other congressional representatives are listening.
She's like, I'm getting text messages from Justin Amash right now, da, da, da, da,
da, and she's like shouting him out and now he's talking about, and he's more
right-leaning, right-leaning, sorry, I can't talk tonight.
Um, but he's talking about setting up some type of Twitch feed.
Now this isn't the first time we've seen politics on Twitch, right?
We know Bernie had a channel.
We know Donald Trump had a channel, had a channel.
I think he might have it back.
I don't know.
But, but all that jokes aside, most of what you would see on both of those
channels, and that's a very left and a very right channel, most of what you would
see on both of those channels were just, eh, simulcasts of rallies, simulcasts of
other events that the news is covering, so on and so on.
What made AOC different and what I very much believe is newsworthy in the game
industry, no matter where you lean politically, what made that stream
interesting was that it was a political event bringing awareness to early voting
that was, that really went into what Twitch is all about.
It was a standing congressional representative, one that gets talked about
an awful lot, uh, getting in there, playing video games, having fun, and
again, that keyword relatable.
And you know, I've said this ever since I dated my ex 10 plus years ago, who you
all met at one point or another, and what, what was the message I took away from
that?
Any idiot can do politics.
If that guy can do it, you can do it.
And I think AOC, I think brought that same message in a much more positive way,
uh, that like, Hey, I like to play video games on Twitch too, and this is
something, you know, you could do if you wanted to get into politics.
I just, I thought that was just rad.
And like Loki said, I thought it was just like a wholesome, positive thing that
didn't get, I mean, sure the chat comments would range from, you know,
wholesome to dumpster fire.
But I just, who's, who has time to reach out in general?
I mean, on a stream who has time to reach out, it's scrolling by so fast.
I'm more into the actual, like, I'm more into the way she's acting when she's like
an imposter and she's like, I don't know if I can, I don't, you know, she's like
super skittish about it and she kills somebody.
She's like, I'm sorry, you know, and like all those things, it's just watching her
go through that was, was really something.
Uh, Jamie, I, I, I, did you catch this by chance or any of the highlight
reels after the fact or anything?
I couldn't because I was working on Project Nunway.
Oh, right, right.
So, um, I sadly had other priorities that needed to be taken care of.
Like, you know, uh, fighting a Google Meet stream with many, many viewers on it.
Fair enough.
Been doing my lines, so sorry.
That's okay.
I read, I read a lot of the tweets about it though.
And I was, she was just really, really cool.
Just in her tweets about it.
I thought it was really cool.
Yeah.
Um, going to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Um, as she says, AOC grew up in my hometown and I'm friends with folks
who knew her back in high school.
She was always a hardcore gamer.
She was playing Smash Brothers Melee in the gaming club in high school.
That's pretty cool.
Um, you know, and I, and one of the big takeaways I took and, you know,
I, the reality is, you know, you've got the president doing these big
rallies and people aren't really wearing masks, people aren't really
social distancing, we can all see that.
It's not exactly taking the COVID guidelines seriously
and all that's going on.
And those big events, I mean, they are big and they draw several
thousand people, we know that.
But AOC, interestingly enough, found a way to do a big political
event in a very COVID safe pandemic, safe way, that reached out to a
generation that oftentimes doesn't get targeted with these types of
things and needs to have sometimes that fire lit under their butt to
go vote a little bit, right?
The younger generation and drew in 400,000 plus people while doing it.
So if you think about it, she just put on the biggest political rally
of 2020 on Twitch.
In a way, I realize I'm, I'm logically connecting some big dots there,
but I, I can't help, but find it fascinating.
And like Loki said, I was also kind of glued to the TV.
It was, it was just a good stream because she's also not one of those
streamers that completely gets sidelined with, you know, all the
other stuff going on on Twitch.
She was just in there playing the game, having a good time.
Shane, I've been making you wait, but you love Among Us and I'm sorry,
but what did you, what did you think of the stream?
Oh, I thought it was great.
Like, I don't really know what else to say beyond that.
I thought it was really informative and entertaining and like for what
you could kind of consider a political stream, I didn't feel it was preachy.
And I obviously lean towards her too politically, but like everything
was presented in a way that is not your typical old person politician.
And so it felt like it felt a lot easier to digest and like, okay, yeah,
this is just, this is great.
I loved it.
I watched pretty much all of it.
It wasn't preachy.
You're right.
But definitely there were little things that were being dropped.
Like when she talked to the guy from the UK about healthcare.
And then I think Pokimane was from Canada as well.
So she was kind of talking to them about their experiences with healthcare.
And she was asking all those questions.
She's like, so you can just walk into the doctor.
Wow.
You know, that whole thing.
And she kind of gave her perspective on that.
So, but you're right.
It came off in a way that didn't sound at least to me, but maybe, and to be
fair, maybe it's because yes, I agree with her more than I disagree with her.
But it didn't come off as preachy to me.
I thought it was just an interesting, she's just asking questions from people
around the world, literally trying to get to know her people she's playing with
and, you know, get to know the game.
Yeah.
So, um, uh, no one special is asking in chat.
Okay.
Question.
Normally, if a viewer makes a comment that a streamer doesn't like, they can
purge the comment or timeout ban the viewer, which is all fine and dandy.
Now, since AOC is a politician and Twitch is now serving as an avenue to reach out
to politicians about whatever issue, does purging comments, timeouts, bans, et
cetera, get a little iffy legally?
Um, yes it does actually.
It does get a little iffy legally.
Um, I believe the stream was moderated, but they didn't accept, like if somebody
came in there and wrote a pro Trump thing, I don't think they like legally or would
really have the time to remove it.
I think they just let it sit because, um, and this was a big problem.
You remember that story?
It was about a month ago about the military streaming on Twitch and they
started to ban people who had come in there and asked these questions about,
you know, certain, you know, military thing and all these things asking the
hard questions and the military started like banning people and people like suit
them over that.
So the military has a very like rigid policy on what they do and they don't
allow, but essentially as long as you're not threatening or, you know, do this,
you can go in there and ask about war crimes and stuff and they really can't ban
you. And so I, I think, and I don't really have all the details on how this
works, but I think the way AOC kind of approached her stream was similar.
Like if somebody had said something threatening or extremely gross, I'm sure
it got taken care of, but all the MAGA 2020 spam and all that stuff, it didn't,
they just, you know, what are you going to do?
You, you couldn't ban that stuff fast enough, right?
Well, speak, speaking of spam as you would, please.
Because of the popularity of this AOC driven event and among us, apparently a,
um, a guy by the name of Eris Loris, he went in and hacked among us to spam a
bunch of, uh, messages and cause like this, uh, black screen kind of, um, thing
where the map basically disappears because of it using some bots that he
created. So, you know, stuff, you know, saying like the whole hack your device
or blow up your phone, if you don't subscribe to his channel and then also
Trump 2020 at the end, apparently he, uh, he did cop to that.
He did it and basically said that, you know, he doesn't care that it's a small
company, you know, run by three people that they should have, you know, patch
their game up better or something like that.
And he did it for the, the lols and trolling people because that's what he
does. And apparently, of course, you know, when asked about whether, you know, he
was, you know, he of course added the bit in there because he is a Trump
supporter, but just kind of shows you the con, you know, the contrast between
how, you know, one side will try to get the word out.
And then the other side is just like, Oh, let's, you know, let's spam some, you
know, anger and hatred stuff because I don't like, I don't like something that
you guys did.
Yeah, that whole stunt kind of backfires for your team when you do that, I think.
So, um, not, not great.
And, you know, God, imagine you are the creators of Among Us.
Like, seriously, they created this game two years ago and, you know, it, I'm
sure it did well enough cause they were planning a sequel, but not nearly the
fanfare we're talking about now.
Two years after these three people put out this game, you have a congressional
representative playing it on a Twitch stream to the third largest stream of all
time.
That's crazy in a good way, you know, like just, just how far that game has come.
It's, it's, it's something else.
It's something else.
Yeah.
I basically said, he's all, I was curious to see what would happen.
And personally, I found it funny.
The anger and hatred is part of what makes it funny.
If you care about a game and are willing to go and spam dislikes, some, um, random
dueling internet, because you can't play it for three minutes, it's stupid.
So anyway, um, it's, it's sad that that is happening when Among Us probably doesn't
have the staff to be able to handle that fast enough, but I'm, I'm sure they will
get some help, but it's gonna be, it's gonna be bumpy as people choose to, uh, do
these types of stunts to pick on them or whatever it is they're doing.
It's, it's silly.
Um, Shane, I, I know you've been playing just a crap ton of Among Us and you were
really into this game.
What is it about this game that you enjoy and, and tell us about kind of like what
you've been doing because you've been playing on streams and stuff too, right?
Yeah, I've been playing with some friends.
Um, so I think my first way to describe it, which is like the best way I can, or
like, uh, yeah, the best way I can describe it is it's as close to playing real life
Danganronpa as I'm ever probably going to get.
Um, that's pretty cool.
I actually, that's a very apt description.
Yeah.
I, without pink blood.
Yeah, no pink blood, but like you all gather around like a little table at, you
know, after every, after somebody dies and you'd talk about it.
But, um, I don't know.
I like, I like being sneaky and murdering people while also convincing them I didn't
do it and making other people argue.
Like it's my game that it's just like what I want to do in real life.
Basically, so I don't know.
It's great.
Like last night I had a few rounds.
I had, I got to be imposter back to back and, Oh, I killed so many people
and nobody ever suspected me.
And I just, I kind of shut my mouth, let every, all the, the louder people talk.
They kicked each other out the airlock and then I just went
and I killed more people.
It was great.
It's just fun.
And the best part is for me is I'm playing right now with a group of people
that don't get mad about the game.
Like we may get loud during the, like during the discussion times, but after
like we either win or lose, like we're all just laughing and like congratulating
each other and, and just, it's fun.
Like you cannot play with randoms.
Do not play with randoms.
If you're playing the game, it will take all the fun out of it.
Play with people, you know.
All right.
So, uh, let me get some comments from chat.
So, um, as Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, Shane is deep down a chaos monster.
True.
Oh, deep down.
No, that's pretty outward.
Uh, act Defton chat says, act Defton chat says to this day, I haven't played
among us, not even once, but I've seen a lot of videos and streams of people
playing it same, I'm almost afraid to play it at this point because I'm not
going to know what I'm doing.
And so many people have played this game.
Like they're going to be like, where'd you find the body?
I don't know.
Like I was, so I'm still technically new at it.
I forget the names of locations all the time, but you know, like, Oh, I'm
in the upper left side of the map and like, yeah, I don't think, I don't
think it matters about our engine.
I'm like, sure.
Yeah, that's exactly where I'm at.
And I'm usually telling the truth about that.
Cause I just don't.
So I, and this is another game where Shane has been trying to use his power
of persuasion on me and honestly, I'm not exactly resisting, like I'm
not opposed to playing among us.
I just, it has to be kind of like the right time in the right environment.
But so Shane, some things he keeps asking me when we're going to play.
Cause he wants to play with us.
Cause he keeps asking me to play with him, but.
Um, there's not a lot of people that want to play.
All right.
My niece plays it.
She's yeah, she's like a little kid.
They love it.
I'm like, wow.
So, so Shane pay attention.
Cause some things are starting to come together here.
Okay.
Listen to this.
Black and Pat and chat says, I haven't been able to get a group together to play
or been invited to play on anyone's stream.
Hmm.
Uh, let's see.
SSU 100 Matt says, so VOG game night among us when, um, pod culture says,
have yet to play it, let's get a VOG group together.
Hmm.
Hmm.
So maybe let's do it.
Let's do it.
As long as everybody's cool and not going to yell at each other for real and not
hold grudges, it's totally a fun game to play.
All right.
So we'll have a VOG among us night in the coming days.
So stay tuned, Black and Pat for your invite and a who a pod culture and so
forth, uh, stay tuned cause we'll want to dev definitely, uh, all those folks.
I just named, we want to get involved with that, uh, type of thing.
And, uh, you know, rule number one, just fucking be cool about it.
It's rule number one.
All right.
Yeah.
Sometimes the games go like the, one of the last games we played last night,
one person got seen venting.
So we knew exactly that person was going to get kicked off.
And then the other person was trying to vouch for them.
They're like, no, you can't, we literally saw the event.
So the game lasted like two minutes.
So what are you going to do?
And it happens, but the nice thing is you don't just play one round.
Do you play like 10 rounds in a night?
And so, you know, you'd, you'd, you'd be able to brush it off at some point.
Yep.
It's probably a great time.
Well, if you want to get in on the action with among us, um, let's, uh, we'll set
something up on our discord channels, uh, discord, so stay tuned, uh, over at
vognetwork.com that's vognetwork.com slash discord, uh, stay tuned and we'll try to
put something together for the coming weeks at some point here, I know with this
week being Halloween, there's probably a lot of stuff going on.
We'll try to get something Saturday.
Yeah.
But you know, people will be doing stuff throughout the week, uh, hopefully
virtually, but I do know there's a lot of outdoor type of art events and drive
through things and stuff going on.
So, you know, people are making the 2020 thing work, so, uh, we'll make it work.
Anyway.
Um, Shane, you've been holding that iPad above your head for so long now.
So thank you for doing that.
I know you're fatigued and have COVID.
I know you're sick.
Uh, please feel better.
And everybody in chat, as well as here in the, the, the chat here, uh, definitely
wish you feel better and do better and all that.
And the good news is you, you have been getting better as the days go on.
It's just slow, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm kind of feeling like I'm plateauing now, but it's not as bad as it was to
start.
And so I can't complain.
All right.
Um, anything else on any games or anything you want to share with us
tonight before we let you go?
As always, everybody needs to play the game of the year.
Hades.
It's the best.
I forgot to ask you about that.
I haven't started it yet.
Oh, it's so good.
It's just so good.
Quick, quick update on how Hades is going for you.
Somebody in chat asks, like, why hasn't Shane brought Hades up?
I forgot to get back to, we just had so much other stuff to talk about.
I would never not bring Hades up.
So it's okay.
Don't worry.
Um, I romance the character I wanted to.
That was awesome.
I've unlocked a few weapon aspects.
I still have not got the prologue, but to be fair, the past week I've not really
been playing, um, because of the fatigue, like holding a controller for a long
period of time, just kind of wears on me.
Like even Pokemon I've not like, even though I'm playing it a lot, it's easy
because I can set a command, put down the controller for a minute, then pick it back
up or even just rest the controller on my desk and do it.
But, um, no, Hades has gone great.
I'm technically almost done in quote marks, but that game is so good.
I won't ever be done.
All right.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go and move on with the rest of our gaming weeks,
but, um, have a good one.
Feel better.
Check in and chat in the next week or two and let us know how you're doing.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Bye.
Kick me out.
All right.
Can someone click and dry?
I can't do it because I'm on my phone.
Can someone just drag him out of the channel somewhere else?
All right.
Bye.
Uh, all right.
Uh, so we're going to, uh, shift gears into the rest of our gaming
weeks here and get into that.
So, uh, dark soccer, why don't you start us off?
How was your gaming week?
What have you been playing this week?
I've only had time for animal crossing to be perfectly honest, just because of
project, uh, none way, which was a success.
We're still taking donations and the videos are going to be up at
capital city sisters.org.
So you can see me walk the runway looking really thrifty.
Um, but, uh, other than that, it's really just been time for animal crossing a
little bit, um, doing lots of video editing, lots of audio editing.
Um, and, uh, God was playing something else.
I am back to word scapes just to try to keep my brain active, but I do have
Hades and I am going to be playing it probably during the next week.
Cause I don't really have many projects right now.
Um, I'm taking November off of projects.
Um, and I'm actually plan well, other than, other than my, my blog at, uh,
Gen X geeks with an X, um, but I'm, uh, I'm going to be, uh, getting my streaming
going starting in November and I still want to do that charity stream.
So when I'm gaming, I'll let people know right now, real life has intruded.
All right.
Sounds good for now.
I hope the event is, continues to be a big success.
Cause you can like still do watch it online and stuff.
Right.
Um, well, uh, we had trouble with it because they decided to use Google
meet for it, um, uh, instead of a streaming service, cause I put a lot of
work into the video, the video is going to be up and if people want it, just
ask me about it, I'll try to get it to you.
Um, but, um, it should hopefully be up by, uh, in Monday evening, um, on
capital city sisters.org.
Um, but, uh, I, we actually did get something else.
I don't know if I mentioned it before, but we got the new Jersey Jack
pirates of the Caribbean pinball.
And so I actually did play some of that.
Very loud, very fun.
Lots of, lots of modes.
It's pretty nuts, but the Jersey Jack games are pretty, pretty tops.
Um, Hindemith 1980, or excuse me, 1895 in chat says in response to, uh, what you
were saying, dark soccer, no projects, November.
Well, I might do, um, novel writing month, but it's more or less just a
catalyst to actually get my ass in gear to put this world that I've built in on
to quote paper.
Um, I am working on an urban fantasy novel.
Well, not really a novel.
I'm going to do it as a serial.
And it's, uh, when I get everything out and get everything ready to go, it's
going to be available through, uh, the Apple bookstore and, uh, uh, for Kindle.
Soon as I get all my, my ducks in a row, there'll be more about that, but I'm
announcing it here.
Now I'm writing a book, a serial serial series, not not Remo or whatever they call
it, not no national novel writing month, but I'm, I'm only using that as a
catalyst.
Um, I'm not doing a full novel.
I'm doing them as, as, as serial series.
I've also heard of non no pod Mo, which is, uh, do a podcast every day for a month.
Um, I know I've heard of that.
I know I've thought about participating, but, um, that's a lot of podcasts and it
would have to be a separate feed.
Cause I like, it's not going to happen on a well or anything like that.
Um, but like, just like a personal thing, but I don't know if I would have put it
together that fast.
We'll see.
No, I, I don't think I could do anything like that with a lot of, you know, a lot
of crap.
And tiger call says that I'm going to be a superstar author and my books are going
to get turned into movies.
Um, you don't want to know the weird shit that goes in my head that I'm thinking
about putting into a book.
Um, but I, I, I will tell people that the, the apocalypse is not what you think it
is.
You can, we can be living through one right now.
The it's not, it's not at all what people think it is.
Post-apocalyptic is a genre for a different world.
You know, it don't, don't take that.
Why would I write a Garris Spock fanfic?
That's not a novel.
I do not write slash.
Okay.
I don't, um, I, I, I'm asexual.
I don't like writing that stuff.
Um, but anyway, um, but I'll have more about it as stuff comes out.
There'll be, there'll be things.
And of course I'll blog about it because I blog about every fucking thing now.
All right, fair enough.
Well, let's move on to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, well, let's see.
My gaming week was not playing games and it was just, uh, working on my game.
And that's pretty much what's going on.
I'm still not working.
It's still not working.
It's just frustrating me so much.
So I've been working on, um, a random spawning generator and I've run into
issues still in a fight for the last five days, so that that's been my week.
Um, I played Samorna as well, but, um, mostly just working on coding the entire
time, fair enough fighting, uh, it should be simple, but it's not working.
I look forward, um, to when we can finally play this game.
So I'm excited.
Yep.
All right.
Uh, good luck with all the bumps in the road.
Um, so my gaming week, um, has been kind of, you know, a same Z as previous weeks.
We already talked about, wow.
I already mentioned that Final Fantasy 14 still going.
This was the week.
So a couple nights ago, I finally hit level 80 max level level cap on every
single crafting and gathering class.
So there's like eight crafting classes, alchemy, carpentry, and so on.
Those types of things.
And then three gathering classes, fishing, botany, mining.
I hit 80 in all of them.
So, and what do I get for that?
I feel real good.
Ooh, I hope so.
Cause I actually like candy corn on your, on your doorstep.
Someone posted turkey dinner, candy corn, and I was, I was alarmed.
I don't know about that, but they, they do like the maple candy corn.
They have like other flavors this time of year.
I like, I like the candy everybody hates.
I like black jelly beans cause I like licorice.
I like, I like it.
I'm sorry.
Not sorry.
You and Dan can have all of that, but maybe I'll make candy
corn cookies again this year.
They're, they're kind of hard to do because the candy, uh, crystallizes,
you know, into sheet candy if it's exposed out of the dough.
So we'll see what happens.
You know, the other thing, I know you're going to hate this Jamie plug your ears.
I'm sorry, but the other big, big candy that I love that everybody
hates, circus peanuts, love them.
They're great.
You, you can have them.
Okay.
Yeah.
Just don't eat them in front of me because I will vomit.
I would honestly have those than like a Hershey's bar.
Really?
I, anyway.
All right.
That's so there you go.
Happy Halloween.
I will get you peeps and that's all you get.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Um, so also for my gaming week, uh, I've been playing.
So there was a couple new things.
Um, I played that demo, so I guess I'm going to talk about this.
I don't think I actually put this item in our news, but I'll
talk about it a little early.
So Google Stadia had a big thing, and I know that's coming up later in the
news, uh, an event where they were talking about some new things that are coming.
And one of the things they talked about was a Pac-Man style battle
Royale game that's coming out first on Stadia and there's a demo.
You can actually play online right now and you can check it out.
And so I was like, eh, why not?
I'm going to go check it out.
So I played it a little bit and it seems to be a pretty feature filled
demo, meaning you can pretty much play a match start to finish.
I don't know what, I'm assuming the full game will have more
customizations and other things you do.
And I know the demo is also time limited.
Like you can do it until October 27th.
So I feel like, cause I don't always love to talk about demos as a review,
but I do feel like this demo is intentionally set up to be pretty full featured.
Um, it's not good.
It's not fun.
Um, it's, it's Pac-Man.
Um, it's, it's here's, here's the problem with it.
Like Pac-Man is a good game.
That's fine.
But look at how Pac-Man's really evolved over the years.
Right.
And the last few releases in the Pac-Man universe have been things like
Pac-Man championship, Pac-Man championship edition, uh, Pac-Man championship
edition two, those games are pretty fun.
Uh, the music's great.
They're pretty fast paced.
It's intense.
They're fun to play.
Um, this Pac-Man tunnel battle royale thing, whatever it's called.
I don't even remember the name of it.
It's you, you here's the thing.
I'm not even sure I understand what the fuck's going on, which
is one problem I have with it.
Um, but basically you're playing Pac-Man.
Um, it's cartoony.
It's cute.
You can customize a lot.
I guess that's a plus.
Um, but the whole catch is you can open up the gates and instead of doing a
tunnel to the other side of your map, you do a tunnel into someone else's map.
I don't know why.
I mean, you, you, I guess technically can eat a power pellet and try to kill them.
Um, you can also take points and, and ghosts and stuff away from them.
Um, but it's just, it's not interesting at all.
It's just, it's not.
Um, they tried to put some more power ups in the game to, uh, mix it up a little bit,
like something that will make ghosts repel from you and do you see it?
It's re it's a step backwards for Pac-Man.
And I'm going to tell you what I've come on this show and talked about.
I like Pac-Man championship edition.
I liked Pac-Man chip addition to a lot more than most reviewers did.
As much as the random ghost train on rail thing kind of bugged me too.
I, I felt the style and substance and the way it kind of changed the game and, and the,
the, the kind of the, just the joy I get out of playing it.
I kind of felt balanced out some of those things here.
It was just not interesting at all.
I don't know what else to say.
Like, um, let's see, I'm looking in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
And, uh, Bobby is talking about if you take just the technology of the streaming 4k
with low latency and that wifi controller, Stadia is amazing and wonderful.
The problem is the service that is Stadia negates all the great tech.
I got to admit it played all right, but it didn't, it didn't play as well as when I
was playing like destiny two and stuff.
It, I, I was getting more, more artifacting on fucking Pac-Man than I was when I was
playing like destiny.
Maybe that's just the nature of my connection today or what have you.
I don't know if Alan was streaming something at the same time or what, but it
just, wow.
Uh, Questbuster says, I spectated a few games of that on Stadia and it was more
Pac-Man.
I didn't really feel compelled to play it though.
Exactly.
Here's, here's, here's the thing, and here's why I'm so negative on it.
Is that obviously when we heard about this, we saw, Oh, it's Pac-Man, but it's a
battle royale.
That's it.
That's what they did.
I got nothing like it's, it's, it's, it's the most basic ass fucking game.
If pumpkin spice were a video game, it would be this.
That is how basic it is.
But you like pumpkin spice.
That's right.
I like, I usually will defend pumpkin spice, but I can't, it's just, it's really
bad you guys.
And this is a demo.
This is what they're trying to put out to save Stadia.
Should we start playing Taps already?
Uh, wait till the next segment.
Um, but, uh, yeah, so that was, that was the Pac-Man game.
I'm sorry.
I, I really want to love the game cause I loved Pac-Man.
I just don't, it's not good.
Um, okay.
Uh, so let's see what else, uh, did I play this week?
I felt like there was one other game, but I'm so, so bent on that out of shape on
that game.
I can't even remember what it was.
I did play a little more Hades.
Oh, I know the game.
Um, I went into the Super Nintendo emulator on, uh, the official one on the
Switch, Nintendo online, and I started playing Mario's P-Cross.
Because P-Cross is very Zen and relaxing and kind of fun.
Um, and I, I enjoy it.
So, uh, I played, I played all of round one on the Mario side, a plot twist,
minor spoiler alert.
So I did all of that.
So, uh, and that was more fun than Pac-Man.
All right, let's get into some news.
I don't think I have anything else to discuss.
Uh, that's about it.
So let's get into, uh, what else is going on in the gaming world in the news.
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yes, let's, let's talk about some more stadia stuff.
So, um, there was an interesting tweet exchanges, uh, going on with the creative
director at Typhoon studios, Alex Hutchinson, who has, um, of course their
studio was bought by Google's, um, by Google last year and is actually making
stadia games.
He, um, brought the wonderful hot take that, you know, what talking about, you
know, all these DMCA things that are going on with, uh, the music and stuff on
Twitch.
Um, he also brought up the thing saying, Hey, streamers worried about getting
their content pulled because they use music and didn't pay for, uh, should be
more worried by the fact that they're streaming games that didn't pay for as
well.
It's all gone.
As soon as the publisher decides to enforce it, the real truth is streamers
should be paying the developers and publishers of the games they stream.
They should be buying a license like any real business and pay for the content
they use.
Well, of course that was received very well by everybody and no one had any
issues with it.
Of course, um, everybody had issues with it and, uh, there's a lot of
interesting feedback.
This is also the same guy that, uh, was complaining a while back about how he
felt that Japanese games get kind of a pass by media outlets when they're,
um, reviewing them versus, um, American games.
Cause he was the creative director at, on Assassin's Creed three at one time.
As well.
Um, you know, comparing his games to, you know, basically like, um, super
Mario brothers or stuff like that.
He's all, why did they get to make games in the same thing?
And people just kind of love those.
It must be because there's some sort of, uh, subtle racism in the business
on the journalist side.
So yeah, he's full of hot takes.
Uh, of course, no, nobody liked it.
Um, no, no, but you sound like a telltale game.
It just popped up in the corner.
Nobody liked that.
Yeah.
So Google, of course, you know, basically saying, Hey, uh, the recent
tweets by Alex Hutchinson, creative director at Montreal studio of
stadia games entertainment.
Do not reflect those of stadia YouTube or Google.
Yeah, but you know why he's, he's representing a company.
He's one of your, and he kind of missed, I don't want, I don't know if
you'd say he misrepresented himself.
I kind of think that's a accurate way to say it, but, um,
let's see.
So it says, uh, creative director at S S G and E Montreal studio is what
it says now, but that's not what it said before it said creative
director at, uh, Google stadia.
Is what it said before.
Yeah.
So, so he changed it there.
Yeah.
I mean, so the kind of pick it apart, obviously it's a weird take from
somebody that's making stadia games on a device that literally one of the
features that, Hey, you can stream your games on YouTube straight out of,
straight up using the service.
It's like, what are you doing?
I mean, as it is, it's hard enough to sell stadia as like a device that
people want to use because of their service and just the way it's structured.
It's not very good.
Yeah.
And now you have somebody that's like, you know, you should be
paying us because we're so good.
I'm sorry.
No, no, that's not it.
I understand the argument, but it's also, you know, it's a bad take.
It's just like, there's a lot of companies right now, especially with
like, you know, the new X-Box and the new PlayStation systems coming out
that they're engaging with streamers to get the hype out about, you know,
those systems they're paying them.
And, you know, obviously there's this kind of synergy between, you know,
content creators and these hardware platforms or even software platforms
to be able to promote their stuff.
And I'm sorry that he doesn't get that.
Um, yeah, even, even your cat, Stella has a hot take on what this guy had to say.
She's just being irritating.
It's more, more treats.
She's been receiving treats all day long and she knows I'm on a call.
Obviously now's the time.
Yeah.
And I, I agree with Bobby in chat, who's basically saying he'll be fine.
People will forget his comments soon and he'll still be
working in the game industry.
I agree.
Like people it's going to blow over.
It is.
But I, this is one of those things where I, I don't think it's so much about
what he said, but it's how you say it.
And I think he just came off as like, so smug and so, and I, I would like to
compliment myself because I felt my drags in response on Twitter were really good.
I'd like to share them with you now.
So in response, I wrote, people can't stream Google Stadia effectively because
they need that bandwidth to play the games and how's that lack of community
for your product working out in sales.
I thought that was a good drag.
Now here's, yeah, there is like some digs that he made against like
giant bomb and stuff like that.
And it's like, you know, here's the thing.
And I'm going to elaborate on this tweet too.
While I agree, and this is my tweet, while I agree something like a jukebox
license should exist for streamers and I'd be open to some sort of revenue
share with developers, these industries are too slow to come up with something
just like Google Stadia was too slow to release outside Chromecast before X cloud
and Luna, you work in tech for Christ's sake, evolve or die.
And that is basically what it is for me.
And I, I actually don't necessarily disagree that the clock is ticking in of
sorts for when are some video game companies going to start to say, maybe
we don't want you streaming our game.
And to be fair, that has already happened to some extent on YouTube, right?
We've heard about companies leveraging that DMC 80 at certain videos taken down.
Nintendo didn't have a great take on this in the beginning either.
So yeah, they took that approach.
Nintendo took that approach.
They thought that they, you were playing their games, you should pay
them for the right to do that online.
And that's the approach that they took.
And, and they did that and obviously they backed away from it.
So it wasn't working out well for them, I would assume because it's either it.
It shines poorly on them, like that they're not embracing their community
or that the money wasn't worth it.
I don't know, wherever the case may be, they backed away from it for a reason.
So just, you know, let's just say, for example, that this Stadia studio or
whatever wants to take that approach, which is really stupid on their
device that you has that built in.
So let's just say they're stupid enough to do that.
There are tons of other companies out there that will
let you play their games for free.
I'm pretty sure that the developers behind Among Us probably don't care.
So if, if you have these companies, that's fine.
You know, these AAA studios can go ahead and take that stance and do that, but
there's always going to be independent developers or even AAA studios that
don't share that same opinion and I'm sorry, but eventually, you know, you'll
find that your games get less exposure because you're just, you put up roadblocks.
I, I actually, I actually kind of agree with you for the most part on this.
I think it's one of those, if, and that's why I'm kind of like, it would be nice if
they would come up with something, a fair system so that if a developer wants,
they can get a cut of profits.
Now, I believe before you all start dragging me, I believe
it should be at a threshold.
I don't think somebody who's making, you know, the bare minimum to be an affiliate
on Twitch and bringing in simple dollars and cents every month on Twitch should be
somebody that should be subject to those type of guidelines, but I think once you
hit a certain threshold and you're at these, you know, I'm making a living off
of it type of things, I think there maybe is room for a conversation about what
should a developer be entitled to in those cases, but, and this is where I
agree with Loki, I think a developer should have the right to say, we're not,
we don't, we want you to be able to stream this for free.
We're not interested in claiming that we want to encourage you to
stream our game by doing that.
And I think if you do that, then I think the rest of what Loki says absolutely
comes true is that the streaming market starts to gravitate towards those games
and the market kind of work, it's works itself out, but I do think we need to
have a little more definitive guidance in a legal sense so that this isn't
such a gray area anymore.
I, I, because, because unfortunately, even though the way he said it was kind
of crappy where he's, you know, especially as somebody who works in the game
industry, he did have a point.
If these guys, if the game makers want to come in and start shutting things
down, they could, and I'll tell you, and with all that stuff, I just try.
Yeah, like seriously, like just let him try.
Well, Nintendo did, Nintendo did, and they, maybe not on Twitch, but they did
on YouTube, but I also think, so everything I just said, Loki, cause
here's the thing it's funny.
Nintendo is always the rule breaker.
And I think this would be no different.
I think if rules were to be set, I think Nintendo would be like, oh yeah,
we're claiming max share.
And I really think Nintendo fans, like, I'm sorry, but Nintendo fans wouldn't
care because Nintendo fans are willing to die on their sword for Nintendo.
I just feel like that again, it would be an anomaly, but at least
we'd have an answer.
And at least we wouldn't be sitting here saying it's a gray area.
It would no longer be a gray area.
But the problem is, sorry, Loki, the problem is, but, but I'm, it's a
callback because go back to what we were just talking about at the top of the
show with AOC and her live stream, no matter how you feel about AOC.
And I think, Loki, it was you that said.
It felt a lot better than just an old, a bunch of old people standing
around talking about politics.
That's not very interesting.
And I think that's it.
That's the disconnect.
We need people like AOC and fight, let's say Justin Amash too,
because he's on the right.
Fine.
Let them come together.
We need these younger folks that get it to come together and talk about trademark
laws and rule and, and, um, uh, copyright and modernizing these types of things
for what makes sense in the year 2020.
The whole DMCA needs to be rewritten and whole copyright law
needs to be rewritten anyways.
It's just well outdated.
It's been driven by Disney too.
It's just, I just say it's been, um, what's the right word here?
Uh, exploited, exploited by Disney, um, to an nth degree.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
And so there needs to, it needs to be modernized and, you know, put in place
to where fair use is actually something that is considered because I know it is
written in that they have to consider fair use, but they don't because there's
no, there's no sort of punishment.
If a big company, like say, you know, Warner music doesn't, uh, follow fair
use because what are you going to do?
You little person, you know, individual person that has no money, you're
going to fight a huge corporation.
Yeah, there's no sorts of, you know, repercussion for them.
So the laws need to be rewritten.
Loki.
I do want to jump in because the, the live fact checking
that happens in our chat room.
This is worth saying, uh, like what company has done it.
And actually a couple of people act deft and Bobby both chiming in.
Atlas did it with persona.
If you went too far into persona, they DMC aid people.
It's it's only one example that we can really think of in recent memory, but it
has happened, so there is proof that companies will use it if they feel like
they need to, so, I don't know.
Uh, dark Sakura, what do you, what do you, what do you think the rules should be?
Or do you think where's your head out with all this?
Do you think game companies should be entitled to some money?
Do you think it's too far gone?
Do we need to have a conversation?
What's, what's your opinion?
I think if anything, that the places that offer the streaming service need
to have some sort of licensing deal with some of these companies, I
think on behalf of the users, I mean, users are getting a kick in for, you
know, like sort of direct payments, but, um, there's also the subscriber
fees and everything, the more subscribers, you know, if anything,
maybe bump up a subscription by a dollar, have that go into paying
licensing charges and keep it off of the people who are providing the content.
Or how about let's not pay these companies any more money because
they're already making tons of money from all the microtransactions and
stuff that they're throwing in and pretending these multi-billion dollar
companies, not all of them.
There are other companies that would benefit from having a deal like that.
I understand that, but the ones that are complaining about it, Google, or I
should say this developer of Google, it's owned by Google, whatever, I'm
going to lump them in, you know, complaining multi-billion dollar
companies that are complaining that they are not receiving enough money for
their games, that's why they're charging $70 for their brand new games with
season, multiple season passes and DLC on top of that and special editions
on top of that and cosmetics on top of all of that, I mean, like, I
can't feel bad for you when you're giving your CEO several hundred
millions of dollars it's, or tens of millions of dollars, you know, as a
bonus, sorry, don't feel bad for you.
So no, I don't think you need to make more money, especially, you
know, gatekeeping this stuff.
And if you really want to do that, I'm sorry, but there's plenty of
other companies out there that won't necessarily go that route and they
could go very well the same way as Twitch, where Twitch has like kind of
this white listed music selection that you can choose from, then you can
have a white listed game selection you can choose from.
Well, let's go back to the music scene.
I was still making a point before, saying that I still stand by what I
said, it's a way to get the big companies off of people's back and it's
a way to offer freedom for the streamers that want to do, I mean, the
big companies are going to do what they can to be richer and richer.
That's all there is to it.
My point is living in the real world.
We should have a way that they get, you know, their little, what, two
cents on every game that's, uh, that's played on a stream and stay
off of the players backs, realistically.
That's kind of where I, and I think there is an intersection here where
you guys actually really do agree because it's where I'm at too.
And that is, we've got to get out of this gray area.
That is that, that, and that is what it is.
We may not ultimately like the result, but it, and what you're saying, Jamie,
it's going to get us out of the gray area and that's the most important thing.
And I totally agree with that.
Now, well, like with, with music streaming services, for example, right.
All these companies, they do pay licensing fees to, you know, whatever
the production company, et cetera, you know, who owns the rights to
the music, whatever publisher.
It's going to be this, I think it's going to be the same thing.
You know, you have that one licensing charge that they have with major,
with major companies, you know, maybe have a coalition though, for the
smaller, for the independent ones have like some sort of deal with them.
That then say, well, I want to step in and get a little bit off, you know,
for my games that they signed into this, you know, agreement or
whatever they can afford to do.
But, you know, it's like active, just said in chat, the companies only
care about money, so give them something to shut them the fuck
up and let us have our games.
Well, and it's, it's funny you bring that up as a solution because I, I
really think now going back to the music side of things, I think the
music industry, of course, as always is being slow to evolve and ridiculous
and really short-sighted and losing potential money by not, and not even
the cool kind of petty like Lori petty, but they are like being really
ridiculous in not offering something similar to a jukebox license.
So that streamers can just have music in the backgrounds of their streams
and not have to worry about it.
Something similar to what, you know, like a small business or, you know,
like a small streamer license, you know, and it, maybe it's not going to be
the type of money that everybody's going to want to pay, but at least
again, you'd have something to get you out of that gray area anyway.
Well, in a perfect world, these, these companies would actually be
held accountable for paying their taxes, saying the, you know, people
who make stupid amounts of money over 400,000, you know, a year, they would
get taxed.
So I'm just saying, you know, this goes into a bigger picture.
We may be looking at it.
This, this being one symptom of a problem, but we've got a bigger picture
that will be solved by voting.
Just saying.
Um, Loki, I'm going to do something a little weird here and go out of order
because it just makes no sense to not pair this with your next story.
Can we hop ahead to the other story about Twitch?
I'm sorry.
It just makes sense to couple this here.
Just so unprepared.
We're having this discussion already.
We got to bring this up.
So bringing up the RIA, of course, there was this huge, massive, uh, DMCA
purge and it's by Twitch.
The issue is it's kind of a compound issue.
So one, apparently Twitch was receiving, I think these DMCA take down
notices for a while now they've been backing up since the summer.
And now they just sent out information to streamers, letting them know that
one of your pieces of content has, you know, a piece of music or whatever,
and it that's been hit by this and you need to delete it.
And if you don't know which one it is, well, just delete all of them.
Cause they're not going to tell you which one it is.
Which people are doing, which is ridiculous and stupid.
Like just incredibly stupid.
You have apparently, yeah, these claims have gone back since the
beginning of back in June, um, that they were happening and they finally
got around in, which I mean, clearly they're not following, you know,
Twitch is not following the law here.
Um, could make them lose their safe harbor status being that they've waited
so long to respond to these claims.
Um, but yeah, it's just, it's a problem because they're going to have, people
are having to mass delete these videos.
Um, all their VODs and everything are going to be gone because they don't know
which clip it is that they're claiming, which I also think is not necessarily
following the rule of the law for DMC on this stuff, so I don't know.
Um, I haven't gotten a strike, so I'm aware.
Just for the record, VOG network did not receive one of these and I didn't
get one on my personal channel either, but I, I've generally been pretty
aware about this type of thing.
And I've kind of, you know, I just kind of know like, okay, if I play
something like Forza Horizon, I'm going to play on the classical music station.
That's not going to get, you know, struck a strike.
I don't do the whole like Spotify, iTunes, whatever, playing
potpourri in the background.
I don't really do that.
Um, it's usually always the music in the game.
Um, and, uh, unfortunately, and I'm, I'm kind of with, uh, what, uh, see
Black and Pat had a comment earlier.
I was going to read, Oh yeah.
I've been looking forward to playing harmonics, new game fuser
when it comes out next month.
Me too.
Uh, but I know I won't be able to play it on stream because I'll be
DMCA'd within an inch of our life.
Yeah, totally, uh, where I'm at as well.
Um, so yeah.
And Bobby says technically they could still strike the classical music
station because it's the recording that's copywritten and the classical
music station does have music written in the 20th century.
So, um, fair point, but it's, it's, it's jet.
I've generally, I've been okay.
I found, I did not get hit with one of these knock on wood.
Um, but I would do that.
I who's going to watch my Forza horizon four stream from like three years ago.
Like I would do the same thing other people are doing.
And if I started getting these notices, I'd probably just delete
everything, um, which sucks, but yeah.
So, um, orange rice says I didn't get the email either.
Uh, and, uh, interesting.
I wanted to read this from a quest buster.
Cause I thought this was very interesting that I wasn't even aware of this.
As a side note, Facebook gaming already has licensing details with the likes
of universal Sony and BMG to allow their streamers to play music during their
streams, at least those that have partner status still at something that's better
than nothing, even though it's Facebook.
Um, yeah, that's, uh, very well said.
Um, so, but it also does show that the platform, i.e.
Twitch could negotiate something at that level if they wanted to, but Twitch seems
to be a little more on this whole, which isn't necessarily bad, like I'm not
critical of this, but is on this more, we're doing this Twitch safe label with
indie stuff and because that's what they want to push and we all know that that
type of thing is going to be cheaper.
But, uh, who am I to complain about them wanting to push indie music?
I don't think that's such a bad thing.
Um, this is interesting, but, uh, yeah, it, the fact that you can't counterclaim
some of these things and that you're not really told a lot of the reasons, that's
the part that's kind of dicey and bad, that's following that a lot of these
violations and that falls on Twitch, that falls on Twitch.
Yeah.
Well, not having the counterclaim process, I think it goes against DMCA as well.
Um, I think a lot of what they've done could get themselves into a lot of
trouble with these music labels because they didn't follow the letter of the law.
I mean, in ignoring it for four months, not that, I mean, they could easily
be taking the court for that stuff.
I think this is just trying to save face right now, but like, yeah, I don't know.
It's not, that's, I can't imagine that they didn't know this was a problem.
Um, Questbuster in chat says a number of big streamers have already said they've
decided to just wipe out thousands of VODs to be safe.
And to be, to be fair, VODs aren't exactly where it's at on Twitch.
Like Twitch has not done a very good job of competing with YouTube on the VOD level.
And I know it's ironic cause I talk about the VODs here of the show and so forth.
Yes, they are available, but they're not really that well utilized.
Like there's a couple of people that will watch the VODs of this show and I see you.
Hi.
Thanks for being there.
I appreciate it, but it's not nearly the number that watch live or that watch on
the podcast feed.
And I think for anything else, my personal channel, there might be one or two people
that were where it's completely open.
I don't have subs or anything.
Um, I might have one or two people that watch a VOD, but I have way more that
watch it live.
Like Twitch's area that they, they are do well in is live.
So maybe in a way that's what makes it easy, quote unquote, for a lot of streamers to
throw things away is because it's like, eh, VOD isn't really where it's at anyway.
It's all about getting those subscriptions and bits and so forth in a live environment.
Cause that isn't coming in on the VODs.
So, uh, Bobby in chat says even the clips aren't safe.
And if there's something we do on our shows, that's extremely heavy on the video.
We post it to YouTube.
Yeah.
So, uh, and Phoenix 77 26 says this will lead to DMCA abuse.
I sadly, I see that coming too.
So there needs to be a way to kind of respond.
It took YouTube forever to get there, but at least they have something in place now.
So it's, um, yeah, the whole thing's a little bit scary.
But not much.
I mean, it, there's nothing that really sought people from making false DMCA claims.
So Ray.
Yeah.
Very, very for that.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Uh, I'm going to talk about the next story here, which has to do with, this is pretty
exciting and something I really wish Nintendo would have embraced this stuff a lot sooner,
but fine.
We're here.
Yay.
The original NES fire emblem game is going to get a localization and come to the U S
for the very first time.
Sort of, there was a remake that happened on DS 3DS, but this is, this is the true original
NES rom from 1990.
That's coming out, which is a fire emblem, shadow dragon, and the blade of light.
Interesting enough, this game is already part of the switch online program in Japan.
So if you open up the Famicom library in Japan and which you can do, uh, even with an American
account, all you need is just a Japanese account temporarily to go to the eShop and download
the Famicom player.
But once you do that, you're not breaking any laws doing it.
The switch is a region free system.
You can go in and play this game already with your switch online in Japanese, but they're
going to be localizing it for the U S and because of that, it's not just going into
the switch online library, which I think is going to make a lot of people frown.
But they are going to sell it separately as a $6 game or $5.99.
It's another limited time release, meaning you will only be able to get it through March
31st, 2021, which is a whole other, I don't understand this, outside of they are trying
to inflate their, um, because notice that March 31st is no coincidence.
That's the end of the fiscal year.
They're trying to sandbag as much as they can to sell in the physicals.
They don't really have a gigantic holiday release to buoy them.
Mario 3D All-Stars is it.
And then otherwise they're relying on third parties, like, um, probably the Hyrule Warriors
2 is kind of like the other big holiday release, which really isn't their game.
But it is their IP, obviously.
Anyway, that's a whole other discussion.
But what is pretty cool is that, um, there's going to be a $50 physical version of this
with an NES style box, replica game cartridge, 200 page art book, and a download code.
Because obviously you can't just put a cartridge in your switch.
Well, I guess you can, but they're not going to bother just putting this tiny, like an
NES cartridge or like, it's an NES style box and replica game cartridge.
So you can't actually put it there rep.
So you can't actually put it in a Nintendo.
It's a rep it's for looks only.
So, okay.
Yeah.
But anyway, uh, that is, and then it's a translated game manual that you get in a fold out world
map now for collectors, especially people that really love their eight bit NES libraries.
That part is pretty cool because that isn't even like something, oh, limited run games
who does these types of Nintendo's doing it.
So that's neat.
I'm going to give them credit for that.
But I just, I hate the whole limited time release thing for one.
Um, I actually, I'm not as hateful on the $6 surcharge as others might be.
I get that localization isn't free and they're going to need to pay people to do that and
so forth.
So I'm not, I still think there would have been value for Nintendo to put that into switch
online because that library is really slowing down and it's not as amazing as it used to
be.
But I just sat here and talked at the top of the show about playing Mario P cross.
So maybe I'm wrong.
Um, I don't know what low key dark soccer.
What do you guys think?
I'm not a fan of fire emblem.
So yeah, I'm probably gonna get it just to have it for reasons.
Dan likes fire emblem, so we'll see.
I'm also just not as big on fire emblem as a series, but I'm really happy for those people
that are like, I'm not, I'm not a hater either, but yeah, I'm definitely one of those people
that's like, so if this does well, does this mean mother three?
That's I'm definitely never going to get you what you want.
No, for the record, Rob and release, I have the translated, uh, uh, cartridge for mother
three if you will.
Yeah, they're, they're out there, but I would love to see Nintendo embrace it.
You know, that's, that's the, that's the thing.
I'm just joking.
I've never played any of the earthbound series.
So, you know, Oh, you should, do I care about mother three?
Um, Bobby black over chat says, uh, I think the surcharges for the added features, they're
adding more in game options, like rewinding a turn.
So it's not just the straight ROM.
Um, you could like the, the online emulator, you can do a rewind.
I'm not sure it's this, like, even in the Japanese Famicom, you can do like a real one.
I'm not sure it's implemented the same way.
So I'll give you that.
But, um, yeah, I mean, I, I, again, I'm actually not upset about the $6 surcharge.
Like I get it.
There's things that go into it, but I also think Nintendo could have weighed, would there
have been value in just putting it in the library anyway and not doing a surcharge,
but that was their decision to make, I think.
So, um, interesting.
And Bobby says it's literally in the in-game menus.
So it's like a actual feature in the game.
Now that makes me wonder how far along was this game localized already?
Cause you know, with those hacks and things that happened, I get it.
It's a shady, shady slippery slope, but we know that there are things that Nintendo started
to localize that they pulled back on for whatever reason.
These things happen in the gaming industry all the time.
And Nintendo themselves embraced it years ago with the Earthbound Zero release on Wii U.
Remember that?
That was also pretty cool.
And I don't know why the fuck that's not on Switch still, but okay.
Um, so Nintendo was not exactly a stranger to putting these things out.
So I'm, it's just interesting.
That's all.
So anyway.
All right.
Let's move on because this is also about the Switch, Dark Sakura.
Well, um, some good news since, uh, you know, a lot of us have been dealing with Joy-Con
Drift, which I still need to call to get mine taken care of, um, is that Nintendo is dropping
the price of a single Joy-Con controller from, uh, where it was before for $49.99 and is
now $39.99.
So it's only a $10 drop, but it is something, um, it's going to be available starting on
November 9th.
Um, and they are also, um, specifically discounting two, uh, uh, specific models.
So it's the right Joy-Con red and the left Joy-Con blue.
Um, so it's the, you know, the same ones that were included in the, the default, uh, with
one of the original releases of the Switch.
Um, and they are still offering free repairs.
So I need to look into, you know, that as well.
Um, there is a, not a price change for the full set of controllers.
However, it looks like Amazon might be having a sale for $69.99 instead of $79.99.
So there is that.
So there you go.
It is what it is.
Um, as SSG100Matt in chat, uh, over at Twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, so the prices are
drifting down.
That is not funny.
You of the dad jokes.
No, sorry.
Did Drew go out to visit SSG100Matt?
Like what's happening here?
All right.
Okay.
So anyway, all right.
So, uh, I'm here for prices coming down, especially on really expensive Nintendo hardware.
Uh, so cool.
All right.
Let's move on to some PlayStation news.
So let's talk about Travis Scott, um, who's been a lot of places lately.
And so I'm surprised and I'm not surprised to see that he is teaming up now with PlayStation.
So this is Travis Scott and his brand, which is Cactus Jack.
If you didn't know that already, uh, who's also already worked with things like Tesla,
Fortnite, McDonald's.
Like I said, like he's, Travis Scott is not just a musician, but very much a businessman.
He's, he's in a lot of places.
So it was announced this week.
Um, it went in a interesting PlayStation, uh, video, uh, that was, uh, owed to the Maxwell
high fidelity tape and sound thing.
You, you know, this you've seen this before.
It's the guy sitting in the chair and then the TV turns on and whoosh, like the sound
and all that, everybody.
It's like an infamous commercial.
And this was kind of a homage to that commercial, but of course it was Travis Scott.
And it also kind of puts together that, Oh, is this why Travis Scott posted a dual sense
five controller on his Instagram last month?
Like, how did you get that?
So, uh, and it's because he is going to be working with PlayStation.
Now I'm not sure exactly how they don't really say like, he's, I guess like a creative mind.
Um, but in a post on the PlayStation blog, which apparently he authored, um, it said,
I'm really looking forward to being able to showcase everything that cactus Jack has worked
on with Sony and the PlayStation team.
Most importantly, I'm excited to see how the PlayStation fans and family respond.
And I look forward to running some games with everybody very soon.
So we don't exactly know what that entails, but like, I could see that, you know, we know
that a year after this PlayStation is out, there's going to be a re maybe not like a
full redesign, but like a recoloring of it.
Right.
Or a re like a pattern version of it.
Right.
Cause that's, that's what happens all the time with like, like Xbox, but now it's a gray
Xbox or a see-through Xbox or a PlayStation.
It's a, it's a blue PlayStation or any of this stuff.
So I'm sure this is just a matter of time before something like that.
And so maybe there'll be like a Travis Scott designed or a cactus Jack kind of PlayStation.
Like, I don't know any thoughts from you guys on, on what this team up could involve for Travis.
Okay.
Maybe not.
It's all right.
Loki, you're muted.
That's, that's why I'm like, pause, awkward pause.
I don't know what he would be necessarily doing.
It's just usually marketing stuff.
I know he does a lot of merchandise online, but I don't know.
Hopefully it's better than that mortal combat re arcade one up cabinet that we had for Supreme.
I don't think it'll be better than that.
I don't think I'll do that.
Jamie, you had a thought.
I'm more with Loki on this one.
I think it's just, I don't really think it's very big.
Well, it's, you know, but he, it's interesting, you know, cause I know he's, he's most known
as a musician, but again, the business side of things like that McDonald's deal is a lot
bigger than I think most people realize.
And like, like, like, cause you know, he had his own meal, like he was actually on the
menu, he'd get the Travis Scott meal and it was all in a commercial.
He was narrating everything.
And the whole catch was, I think the burger was customized and the French fries came with
barbecue sauce instead of ketchup, because that's how he does it.
And McDonald's were running out of barbecue sauce because of that.
So, I mean, his name and his endorsement obviously carries weight.
Or I I've always said long before Travis Scott, that barbecue sauce is the way to go with
fries, but that I digress.
I disagree.
That's fine.
Some people do ranch, some do ketchup, some do nothing.
Because mayonnaise is delicious and ketchup is the devil.
Oh no, that's the Nickelback meal.
Bleh.
I'm just kidding.
All right.
Uh, yeah, I'm not a mayo person, but I know that's what they do in other countries.
Yes, you're right.
Of course you go over to like Europe and other places mayo or mayo.
No, bleh.
What?
Rob, do you like the In-N-Out sauce?
No, it's mayonnaise based.
Okay.
It was worth asking.
No, I don't like it at all.
No, and Thousand Island.
No, no, no.
Aioli.
No, no, no.
I know all the tricks.
No mayo allowed.
That's what Pixel Baka says.
No, I can't.
Despite my love of the other weird thing, that is my weird thing.
I hate mayonnaise.
Hate it.
But you know what I also don't like?
Our McDonald's hamburgers.
So I've never had a Travis Scott meal.
You know what?
I think the last McDonald's hamburger I ever thought that I really liked was the Arch Deluxe.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Remember the Arch Deluxe?
Yeah, I do.
I do.
Because my vegetables were not wilty pieces of shit by the time I got my burger.
Bring it back.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I love dipping fries in mayo.
I also don't do that in front of Rob.
You have permission to dip.
I don't care.
You can eat mayo.
Just don't do that stupid thing.
And I know you won't, Bobby, because this isn't your personality.
But people in my past have done this.
They dip it in the mayonnaise and go, oh, you want it?
You want it?
Eat it.
Well, if you do that to you, I just I'm like that, though, about ketchup.
Yeah.
If you have to dip their fries in anything, then they haven't made their fries well enough
because their fries should be just good enough as it is.
The problem is, see, so the way I used to describe fast food fries with a lot of the
stuff McDonald's, their their consistency, it varies a lot.
It's just whether they could be really garbage or they can be really great.
If they're fresh, they're great.
But there's other like not even necessarily fresh.
They have to have them cook the right amount of time, seasoned right.
All that stuff.
But like there's other fast food chains that their fries are more consistent, but they're
never going to be as good as the best in and out fries.
I'm sorry.
Now that we have a Shake Shack here locally, nothing Shake Shack fries are great.
Nothing can touch those fries.
Done by Rob.
Five guys has better fries.
I didn't it's the peanut oil.
I didn't like the bag of grease.
All right.
However, however, I have found an ultimate fry replacement.
Even my delicious sweet potato fries have been bested by the habits.
Tempo green beans.
Really good.
Some of you on the East Coast will get a kick out of this.
We just got a Shake Shack here locally, like right when the pandemic started, I think is
when they finally opened, unfortunately.
So, yeah, now that's here.
And yeah, their fries are bomb.
And the closest thing to it is Del Taco fries is the only other place I've seen do the crinkly
fries.
But Del Taco fries, like as good as they are, they have a tendency to make them soggy, dry.
The one with my health makes them very dry and flavorless.
And for the record, SSA 100 Matt, yes, if you're going to have in and out fries, you
have to have them animal style because it's pretty amazing.
Nope.
You know, though, they're the fries that I loved as a kid, though, were from Checkers
or Rallies or whatever the fuck the companies.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
With the with the kind of spicy little bits to it.
And Whataburger does not have the best fries.
I'm sorry.
Crystal's has crappy fries.
I'm sorry.
Um, because again, that's where I grew up, you know, just saying, um, I'm trying to think
that we're had really good fries that Oh, you know, I miss Steak and Shake.
Oh, not yet.
It's in Reno.
It's in Reno.
It's getting close.
Yeah, but we can't really compare curly fries because that's a whole different thing.
I mean, that's kind of its own thing.
Okay, I just gonna say, though, it's interesting because in chat, they're talking about like,
wow, I didn't know.
Shake Shack finally branched out there.
We're all of a sudden getting these things that like the rest of the nation has had.
Like, we just got our first Cracker Barrel, which I kind of think is overrated.
But people are into it.
Cool.
Fine.
But it's the only place I can get good fried catfish.
Fair enough.
Uh, that just happened within the past two years.
We just know we need Waffle House, Bobby.
We need fucking Waffle House.
California will never have a Waffle House.
That's already been.
I know why.
Yeah, because the wage thing.
Our minimum wage is higher.
Exactly.
We have some decent knockoffs, though, because since we don't have Waffle House.
Can we get a White Castle?
No, we do not have a decent Waffle House.
Knock off the end.
We do not.
I don't know.
I think there's an okay place.
No, we do not.
As someone who has grown up and has eaten at Waffle House, I've eaten at the child.
No, no, you've eaten at Waffle House a couple of times.
I have eaten at a Waffle House weekly.
I'm allowed to have opinions.
I'm allowed to have opinions.
You're allowed to have an opinion, but in this case, it's wrong.
Waffle House does not have a West Coast equivalent.
End of story.
Yeah.
Carlos, your fries are good, but you need to have ketchup for those.
But those are actually, so they read as in their fries and they're all right.
But they're not as ever.
They're not going to ever be as good as me.
So our next story is about voting.
Wait, one more fries, and then we can go to voting.
Sia Tabiri in chat says the worst are the new KFC fries.
I totally disagree.
I think those KFC fries are so freaking good.
I can't make my brain know what KFC fries are like, so I can't comment on that one.
All right, but you can use your voice to vote.
So I will say that I agree with Black Compat.
Waffle House does have the best grits.
And my mother, bless her.
I was gonna say, you cannot get those here, even at the knockoff places.
So I will concede that Rob, you can get them at my house because you stole a bag or your
mom got you a bag or something.
No, it's not because I stole them.
If you ask behind the counter, they will sell you a bag of their quick rice grits for 99
cents.
And my mother freaking sent me two bags of them.
And I love them.
And I will have really good butter in them.
Or I will, if I'm feeling extra trife, I'll make shrimp and grits.
Isn't it amazing that we get this passionate about French fries?
But when it comes to, are y'all voting?
Okay, so now that we've gotten everyone's passions all built up.
Use that voice.
We gotta eat now.
And this is something I am ridiculously passionate about.
I have been participating in SPN votes.
I've been working with vote.org.
I've been trying to spread the word on my social media as much as I can.
So I'm super happy to hear that more in the gaming industry is stepping up and offering
up now a voting location.
You know, we've got states like what the fuck were they thinking Texas with, you know, only
allowing like one voting location per district or something like that.
The lines I'm seeing on like from our listener is from our listeners.
And I'm seeing on their Twitters and things.
It blows my mind.
Do you have this?
Sorry.
I just say sorry listeners.
You know that we just got mailed ballots, filled them out and dropped them off at the
library at the grocery store where the or mail them in any type of.
Now there was that whole scandal about the official drop box versus the not official
ones.
We won't go there.
But it is completely unrepentant.
If you look in the with your ballot, it tells you where you can drop them off.
So I was like, okay, the library nearby.
Okay, that's where I'm going to go because that is an official one.
So that's what I did online.
And my mind's already been accepted.
So anyway, so the lines are blowing my mind anyway.
Go ahead.
Yeah, they are.
And by the way, I actually do have to give some kudos to a couple of rather famous people
that I follow on social media who stood in line on purpose in solidarity.
Good.
So but anyway, 100 Thieves has turned their home office in Los Angeles into a voting center.
They, they basically were saying that their 100 Thieves cash app compound, which is a
15,000 square foot building, opened earlier in the year is now serving as an LA County
voting center.
And it's open for early voters starting on October 30, through November 2, and on election
date November 3.
And they also partnered with a graffiti artist goes by slick to have a mural on the on the
building that says vote.
It's kind of in Mickey Mouse hands, you know, but then it's going to change to we voted
on November 2, they are going to follow all this safety guidelines, voters will have to
be masked and gloved and social distancing for those in the area is 6050 Jefferson Boulevard,
Los Angeles.
And so I really think that it's great, you know, they, they're known for their professional
teams for League of Legends, Fortnite, Valorant.
You know, I think that this is really good that they are using their, their location
and their voices to encourage others to vote because we do have a lot of damage that needs
to be corrected.
And it's awesome that they're doing that.
It is awesome that they're doing it.
I don't want to lessen it.
My gut reaction, though, is like, dang, it's too bad that they're not in New York or Georgia
or one of these places that I'm seeing the crazy lines because California, again, we
all it's every county now, it does what this county has been doing for years with the mail
in thing.
And so technically, I mean, technically, they don't really need it.
But it's nice to have options.
And anything that'll get more people to vote is a good thing.
I don't want to lessen that.
But that was I was like, dang, too bad it wasn't in Georgia or, you know, New York,
or why I think it's good they are doing this because they are setting a example.
OK, I'll give you that.
Yeah, yeah.
If they can do this, why can't other places there's you know, we have companies all over,
you know, the nation, not necessarily, you know, centralized in California.
And on top of that, you know, there are other major tech businesses that could stand to
do the same thing.
You know, you know, call center campuses.
I think that they should be allowed to set up for the same thing for some of our major
companies.
I we were blessed, we were very fortunate that we could do a mail in drop off.
Yeah.
But a lot of and I'm just going to go out and say it a lot of red states are are actively
working on their voter suppression because they know that that it can switch.
They could at least, you know, hang out in the purple region for a little while.
But they know that the tide is changing, that people's opinions are changing and have really
restricted voters.
So I think that we need more companies stepping up and adding this kind of of availability
for people.
Now, Bobby Black Wolf does want to correct because he's I kept kept bringing up Georgia
because I was seeing videos from there.
But Bobby does say, Hi, Georgia resident lines are better now.
The reason you saw the long lines on day one was because it was Columbus or Indigenous
People's Day.
So people had the day off.
The lines are about 30 to 45 minutes now.
See what's interesting, though, like, I got to be honest, I got to be completely honest.
Even when I hear 30 to 45 minutes, I'm like, oh, that stinks.
Like, I just filled mine out at home while I was watching Twitch and then just ran it
by the library.
That's it.
That's all I did.
So I, you know, I'm not trying to be like, yay me, boo you.
But I got to admit, like, I'm like, why can't every state just do it this way?
More people would vote.
But yeah, Jamie is right on.
It's unfortunately some people are afraid that if it goes that way, then the elections
will turn out differently.
And that's that's unfortunate.
Well, and I think the big thing with Texas, too, is that there was and now I with the
caveat, do not rely on the polls for your decision because we saw it happen in 2016.
But they are seeing that.
Well, and Hot Pockrey, by the way, Austin is like mini California.
I'm just saying, you know, Austin is this little blue pocket in the middle of a sea
of red.
And so, you know, which honestly, if there was anywhere in the south that I would move
back to, it would be Austin in a heartbeat.
I would live in Austin.
I would never move back to Mobile.
I'm just saying.
But back to what I was saying, you know, is that they know that the state is already starting
to shift to blue overall.
And they're afraid.
They're afraid that the you know, that their way it's like that with any kind of way of
life, we even see it in, you know, in evolution, you know, that the whatever the newer species
is, the newer way of thought is always going to be attacked on by the older.
And so, you know, this is more important than ever.
I'm glad that we're seeing more turnout than ever before.
Texas's turnout was pretty insane already.
I've been watching the numbers on on some of the the polls I've been watching for the state
just because I have friends that live there.
And so I think it's amazing.
But yeah, we need more companies doing this and we need them to be allowed to do this.
Why our vote is even more important.
And I got to say, and one message, you know, as despite I'm sitting here going, I just
was able to drop off my ballot at the library.
I really salute those of you out there that are waiting in line.
And please, that's why I was been harping on last week's show and the week before and
before that make a voting plan.
That's why I say that, because, you know, when I say plant, you might have to plan to
wait two and a half hours to vote somewhere, whatever it is, even longer, depending on
where you're at.
So I just I really salute those of you that are getting in line to do it.
And I just I'm tipping my hat to you like, Jamie, do you know of any like since I am
in California and I'm spoiled with the mail in thing, can I like buy those people coffee
somehow?
Like, is there an organization that like, yeah, is that legal?
I don't know if it's legal, but I would think that if there's no harm and like, can I somehow
cheer those people on?
Yeah, there are companies that are doing it anyway.
However, it's illegal to do food giveaways in some places, but there are there's like
snack.
What's it called?
I think snack the vote pizza to the polls.
OK, there there's there there are places like that, but also look for some of the suggestions
coming from.
And it's a group that I'm involved with very recently is random acts dot org.
It's our random acts of kindness.
And they've they they're a nonprofit that's dedicated to doing kindness in the world,
just making the world a better place.
And I know people on there have been working on gathering together, working with some of
the food banks, working with, you know, some of the covid support.
And I think that there's some people with random acts who might have been trying to
band together to do some things in their name.
But on top of that, anyway, I just say, you know, if you see people in line, you know,
bring bring bring out a bunch of, you know, protein bars, bring water with you.
You know, if someone says, hey, you can't do that, go away.
Well, you've even if you've given out five bottles of water to somebody, you've done
a kindness and you've helped encourage them.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, let's let's move on.
But please vote.
That's the message.
All right.
Let's talk about this next story.
And I think, Loki, we're back to you.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we are.
Sorry, I'm backwards.
OK, cool.
Anyways, let's talk a little bit about more streaming stuff.
So, you know, we talked a little bit about how Google Stadia has had support for some
of their streaming six, but not all of them, unfortunately.
But what's kind of fun is seeing what may be coming for Xbox games pass.
So, for example, one of the things that's being teased is that there may be a bundle
with a TV streaming stick to be able to stream game pass via like a basically like an HDMI
device that you would plug into your TV, you know, similar to Amazon Fire or Chromecast
using X cloud.
So it's interesting.
That might be something that's coming as far as the Xbox ecosystem.
But, you know, what they're talking about is kind of similar to, you know, like Stadia
where, you know, you'd have a controller, you know, the games pass subscription and
the stick itself.
So I'd be interested in seeing that.
I think that'd be really cool, especially if it seems to be that they're focusing a
lot on X cloud.
And that would be a big way to get people into that ecosystem.
Yeah, for sure.
So and it's also interesting because it competes a little more directly with Google
Stadia, perhaps on that level.
Yeah.
So, yeah, Phil Spencer basically say, I think you're going to see lower price hardware
as part of our ecosystem when you think about streaming sticks and other things that somebody
might want to just go and plug into their TV and go play X cloud.
So, yeah, that'd be pretty cool to see something like that in the future.
They'd be able to do that.
And I would imagine that's probably, you know, very feasible considering Android devices
are able to support this.
So if they can put a stick together that can handle something like that, I think it's
feasible within the next probably year or so we'll see that.
Yeah.
All right.
And then, oh, yeah, I was going to say one last thing, though, of course, to go along
with that, I was going to say the iPhone streaming stuff as well.
There's, of course, you may remember this whole thing with the App Store and wanting
like separate, like practically separate programs for each one of the games that you would stream.
So now they've, I think, worked out a way to actually use basically, yeah, so using
the App Store, you can stream as well.
I want to say through, it's kind of a convoluted way through the Xbox app.
So you sign in with that with your Microsoft account and you click on the library and do
all that stuff instead of a console.
It's interesting to see they're going to have like a workaround for that to be able
to use it on the iPhone, but still not probably the best way to do that.
Yeah.
And I think I heard one of them got taken offline as well.
Like there was some type of like backdoor app or something, and they ended up taking
that offline.
So just wait, wait for, wait for all those companies to work it out.
If nothing else, it sounds like, you know, if they're not able to get an official app
or something, it sounds like Microsoft may go the way that Luna's going and do like an
integrated web app type of thing.
Just they got to get the technology working first.
So it's only a matter of time before, you know, it comes to iPhone one way or another.
Yeah.
So with the workarounds right now in place, you know, you can try that, but I think if
they're going to, yeah, go through like the web browser or something like that, then that
would be probably the best way to do it.
Unless they can get, you know, Apple to agree to allow them to put it on the store in its
current state.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk a little bit about a game that we never shut up about,
even though it never came out.
It was just a demo of a game that came out, God, years and years ago.
What was it like five years ago, at least five years ago at this point, more than that.
It's a little game called P.T., which of course was the playable teaser for what would
eventually or supposed to be a Silent Hills game that of course didn't end up happening
due to Hideo Kojima leaving Konami and so on and so on.
So with all the games that, and I think this came up last week, we were talking about that
there's only 10 games that are not going to be backwards compatible on PlayStation 5,
according to Sony.
So this leaves people asking, oh, does this mean P.T. is backwards compatible?
So a news outlet out there, GamesRadar, contacted Konami and actually asked, can we play P.T.
on the PlayStation 5?
And the answer they got was, P.T. will not be available on the PlayStation store, so
users won't be able to redownload the content through the backwards compatibility feature
to the PlayStation 5.
Which isn't really the answer they were looking for, because, well, OK, so I can't download
it anymore.
But technically, if I put it on a drive and then I can move that drive over to the PlayStation
5, I should be able to play it.
You're never going to be able to play.
Well, I don't know if it's so much and here's what I think is going on here.
I don't know if it's so much as they don't want you to play it.
I mean, yes, Konami would probably like to forget that that is out there.
But the reality is the answer they gave is not wrong.
They don't want to endorse the methods that people are using to still play P.T.
They don't want to endorse that, oh, you can download it somewhere else and use a loophole
to get it on your drive and get it to work that way.
That's the problem and why Konami has to stick to this line that, no, P.T. is not playable
on the PlayStation 5 because there's no way to download it.
In their mind and in their league, that is the answer.
So I also don't necessarily think like I know people want to jump all over Konami, like
stop blowing smoke up our ass.
Tell us what the reality is.
They're not going to, because if they were to say, oh, yeah, it works fine on PlayStation
5, bam, they just endorse these techniques people are using to play P.T. when the game
was delisted five years ago.
So I think looking at the list that there's 10 games, I think we could all safely bet
it's probably going to work, but.
Will it work right?
It may not, because even the PlayStation Pro, I thought, brought some nuances to that that
was kind of dicey.
I don't remember.
Of course, I have PlayStation Pro and was able to copy P.T. over because you can copy
kind of like everything over.
But I don't know.
I can't remember.
And I have to ask the expert if Flaco Jones was here, because he knows that game in and
out a lot better than I do.
But I could see that there could be some problems with PlayStation 5 and the emulation that
it may not work correctly.
Not all the tricks you're used to using may actually work.
So we'll see.
Um, it's dark soccer back by chance.
She stepped away for a minute.
OK, she's not back, so I can't get to the next segment.
So we need to buy some.
Oh, OK.
No, I was eating cake.
Oh, I was eating cake.
Sorry, I was doing my story.
OK, back to you.
All right.
Sorry, sorry.
All right.
Well, I hope the so the cake was not a lie.
No, it was an apple streusel cake.
OK, because I was like an apple coffee cake.
It was pretty good.
The question in chat everybody's going to want to know is what kind of cake?
OK, it was it was an apple coffee cake.
It was delightful.
And it made me remember that I've only had a half a protein shake and a sausage and some
peanut butter pretzels today.
All right.
Well, I'm sorry to tear you away, but it is that time to finish it.
OK, good.
Look, I don't see anything.
My Ikea bowl.
All right.
Let's get to the classic game of the week.
Every week, our soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds the game that she thinks,
hey, you brat should be checking this game out.
But actually, in a twist for twenty twenty once a month, she picks a pinball game.
And it's actually been a little while since we had a pinball game, because I think we
did one like early September and now we're in late October.
So it's been a little bit.
But Dark Soccer has picked a pinball game for us tonight.
So I think Dark Soccer, you want me to announce this by playing this actual commercial for
the table, right?
Just the first part of it, yes.
OK, let's do that.
And Jamie, you're not going to be able to hear it.
So I'll tell you when it's over.
OK, so here we go to introduce us to the classic pinball table of the month.
Hello, darlings.
Yes, it's me, the titillating temptress in the flesh and not much else.
Elvira, mistress of the dark.
And tonight I have an especially terrifying tale from those monster hit makers of Bally.
It stars my favorite actress of all time, me.
And it's destined to become a true cult classic forever,
or at least until you croak, whichever comes first.
But I can see you're ready for some action.
So get ready to get scared.
All right, Jamie, you can go.
There it is, Elvira.
I love her.
I love her.
She is what I love about Halloween anyway.
Yeah.
So, yes, the classic pinball of the month is scared stiff, which I mean, how could I
not?
It's perfect.
It's perfect.
And it's Elvira.
Look, here's the funny thing.
Elvira invented dad jokes.
I know, I know.
Just I know it doesn't make sense when I say it.
But really, like puns are her strength.
And think about that scared stiff and Elvira.
It's I love it.
Anyway, go ahead.
And by the way, I do have a little, little teensy correction.
The new pinball is not scared stiff.
It is Elvira's house of horrors, just saying.
So it is not scared stiff.
Um, anyway, scared stiff, uh, came out in 1996, uh, was designed by Dennis Nordman and
released by Midway as Bally.
And, um, of course it stars Elvira and it is the follow up to 1989 Elvira and the party
monsters that was also designed by Nordman.
Um, it uses Midway's, uh, WPC 95 system.
Um, and it has this B movie horror theme.
Cause I mean, it's freaking Elvira.
You have to go through the six tales of terror to level up this different meter and you have
eyes of the Bonnie beast terror from the crate stiff in the coffin, the monster's lab night
of the leapers and return to the dead heads.
Um, and of course it does have this like interactive back box is really cool.
It had this, uh, spider in, um, you know, in different, uh, different, uh, neat modes.
And of course, uh, when they, uh, exhibited the game, they had Cassandra Peterson there
as Elvira to help with the promotion.
Um, and it was supposed to have some other things in there.
It was supposed to have a rubber boogeyman figure that would, uh, be mounted over slingshots.
They're supposed to move forward with the kicker when the ball was hit.
Um, and the ROM actually still allows for them to dance to the music during boogeyman
boogie mode.
Um, but it was removed because their arms were going to break off.
Um, so, uh, but the code is still there.
And so people have still done the mods on it.
Um, scared stuff is also licensed for pinball arcade until, uh, June 30th, 2018.
So a little bit more about that.
Of course, you know, we had, uh, her doing voice acting for, for the, uh, for the game.
There are so many things going on with this table that it's, uh, it's pretty good.
It's, it's got a lot going on.
Um, and so, uh, there's also this skull pile in the upper right-hand corner of the play field.
Um, that was supposed to have lighter buys, but the production versions did not do that.
And so people have also added in, uh, after factory LEDs.
Um, so there is a website out there though.
That is like, and it, it looks like one of those old web pages that was designed in like
19, you know, 95 using AOLs, you know, designer tools, like very, very rudimentary HTML,
geo cities, but, uh, maybe, but it's this guy's like domain and everything.
So, um, but, uh, he's got some very cool stuff on here, like some different treasures and
behind the scenes stuff for, uh, scared stuff.
It's just, uh, robertwinter.com slash pinball slash SS.
And I mean, just got, I mean, yeah, it's not a pretty site, but it's got some really neat
things to look at, like the back glass and the differences between the different machines.
And I don't normally bring up, you know, another website to talk about a game that,
that I'm discussing, but in this case, while it's not the best site,
it's got some really neat stuff on it.
So I totally suggest people look at it and it's got the rulesheets up and, you know,
we had, you know, we had a scared stiff in my house for a while, but due to COVID,
no one could come over and play it with us.
So there you go.
It's scared stiff.
All right.
I didn't realize there were three Elvira games now.
Yeah, the, the current one is a stern pinball.
And, um, if you watch Netflix channel, um, he's done, uh, some play on it already.
I think.
Um, so, uh, what's his name?
Jack danger.
Um, really, it looks really solid, but I mean, I've, I've hardly played any of the stern ones
that I haven't enjoyed as a table, even if I haven't enjoyed the theming.
Um, so yeah, scared.
I mean, if I was going to do a modern pinball, I don't, I would actually have done Munsters.
Um, like that Munsters, uh, black and white le, um, that has like a mini play field in
the middle.
That is really, really cool.
Um, but, uh, but I mean, we're going classics.
This is a classic game.
And pinball is a classic.
You know, 1996, I was playing this at a bar, um, at, gosh, it wasn't, it wasn't Solomon's
that got it in.
It was another place that had gotten to pinball in.
And I played this probably not too long after it came out.
Nice.
And yes, Bobby, I agree.
The Hot Wheels, uh, table is actually pretty decent.
Um, I have seen it in play on a live stream.
I haven't been able to play it.
I will say about this table, and you can actually see this as the, the person is playing here
on, on Twitch and you probably can hear it too in the audio, especially earlier in the
sequence, but jackpots are really easy to get in this game.
Like, because every mode that you activate has some way to get like a jackpot.
And so as you, if you're decent enough at this game, you can just get jackpot, jackpot,
jackpot, jackpot, like over and over.
It's pretty, pretty interesting.
So yeah, but the thing is that the skill is to get your multipliers with it, but I do
love this table.
I do love this table because I love Elvira.
So yeah, honestly, I think this one's more fun than a party monsters.
So yeah, your mileage may vary.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic pinball of the month.
Elvira scared stiff.
All right, let's get into some rapid fire news and talk quickly about some other things.
Happening around the industry or actually, Jimmy, are you staying with us or did you
need to go part way?
I can't remember.
You know, I actually, um, my, my headache has come back with a vengeance.
Um, so, and, and just to let everybody know, you know, I, I really wanted to stay and finish
the show tonight, but, um, I either I have neck pain caused by migraine or migraine caused
by neck pain.
So either way, I'm fucked.
Oh dear.
We'll feel better.
It's okay.
Thank you so much.
And you know, guys, I, I love all of you.
You're all amazing people and, um, a little, little teeny plug if I may.
Yeah.
Um, don't forget that on Thursday I am going to be a guest on am I mental?
If you go to am I mental.net, um, I will be talking with, uh, E who was on the show last
weekend, um, about mental health and, you know, I'm, I'm probably going to be pretty
brutal on here.
So you're going to see a side of me that I don't often, uh, talk about.
Uh, I might talk a little bit about on the show, but I, uh, I don't go off into too much
detail about, so we're going to get dirty, whatever you're comfortable with.
So enjoy the show.
He was a great guest.
That was a good talk last week.
So he's a, he's a great person, a good friend, and I'm really happy we could have him and
I'm happy that I get to be on a show.
All right.
All right.
Well, we'll talk to you next week.
Feel better.
All right.
Love y'all.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
So meanwhile, just, uh, nevermind the visuals here.
I got to get sorted around, uh, but perhaps we will get into some rapid fire news and
I will have Loki start us off with rapid fire news here while I fix the visuals.
Yeah.
So a game I was talking about a lot, uh, earlier this year was what the golf, and of course
it being an Epic games exclusive at the time.
Um, you could only purchase it there, but of course, after a certain amount of time,
it does eventually appear on other storefronts and this time now appearing on steam.
And with an added bonus that they've added a level editor for it.
So it's a great time to go purchase it now on steam and you can go check it out, uh,
with the level editor.
Um, and it's also on sale, so, um, definitely go check that out as well.
Um, I'm not sure if the level editor is going to be coming to other platforms, but at the
very least it's on steam.
So I may have to purchase it again.
We'll see.
And then, um, as we had talked about a while ago that you play is going to be phased out
in place of, um, uh, let's see Ubisoft connect.
So they've got, um, one of the things with you play that actually kind of dug a little
bit is playing certain games.
Like, you know, like for example, I used to play South park a lot, um, would earn you
points that you could then use to unlock.
Not necessarily DLC, but like usually cosmetics in like things for different games.
I saw it in just dance.
You could get some remixes that way and little things, little costumes and things.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I used to do that for like different classes and stuff in, um, the South park games and
stuff like that.
So, uh, with that though, because that service is going to going away, they've decided to
unlock all of the rewards.
So you can go check them out before it's finally phased out on October 29th.
So you have the rest of this week to do that.
So go download all those extras.
If you can time to get out all your old Ubisoft games.
Exactly.
I think I've gotten most of my stuff already, you know, cause the points are pretty easy
to get.
Um, so, but I still have to revisit some of the Ubisoft games that I have to go download
all that like bonus things for that.
So, um, just a reminder to go check that out.
Um, so yeah, so that's pretty exciting.
It was one of those things that, um, kind of made you play feel, feel a little better
than some of the other third party, uh, signup things is that they kind of had that whole
like achievements make you, you actually get tangible things from achievements and that
was kind of neat.
Yeah.
It was nice to have that little bonus in there.
Um, so I do appreciate that.
It wasn't such a bother on like console when I was playing most of, you know, these games,
but I know with a PC having the extra launcher kind of sucks, but you know, whatever.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, moving on, let's talk about a new studio.
Um, that's up and coming frost giant studios.
And, uh, you probably wouldn't be surprised that when I tell you frost giant studios is
formed by a lot of blizzard enter to get it frost giant blizzard.
I it's hilarious, but, uh, the actual little mascot, it's not so obvious at first cause
a little mascot for frost giant is an actual little like frost giant.
Um, but anyway, it's a former blizzard folks and look, I, I get it.
Uh, you know, blizzard is in an awkward place.
Uh, they're not quite the cool company they used to be.
Obviously we had all those, you know, issues with the, the banning of the starcraft player
that was supporting free Hong Kong.
Um, last year, uh, that was really awkward and their response was really awkward and
like a lot of awkward things have been happening with blizzard lately.
But I suppose the good news is that, you know, blizzard will still continue to put out their
products and you now have this frost giant studios who has raised $4.7 million to make
their first game, which will be a real time strategy game, which.
Where did blizzard get, get their roots with Warcraft star?
And I don't mean world.
I mean, Warcraft, uh, two and three and then star craft, you know, it was really that RTS
genre.
Um, so, which is interesting because I'm not usually into those kinds of games, but I liked
old Warcraft a lot and I liked, no, I don't, I didn't really play original starcraft.
I guess I just played Warcraft two and original Diablo, which isn't really an RTS.
Um, but I'll try this.
Uh, it'll be interesting.
Anyway, Tim Morton and Tim Campbell from Starcraft and Warcraft, uh, said recently in an interview
that the RTS genre hasn't gotten as much attention lately, uh, like battle royale shooters or
console action games, but they think the RTS on the PC can still be a big, big part of
gaming in the future.
So good luck to them.
I'm going to look forward to see what they have coming.
Uh, cause that sounds pretty cool.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about Pokemon go, which has added AR mapping to their tasks.
I talked to similar to, uh, well, yeah, it's the same damn thing.
Um, but just the implementation is different.
So you might remember it was about three months ago on this show, but I was talking about
the cemetery creeping, which I did pull back on a lot between the heat and the smoke from
all the fires.
I wasn't really able to go out on the weekends as much.
Um, and I just, since I got back, you know, from being gone a couple of weeks ago, I just
haven't gotten out this weekend or last weekend, but I want to go out and do that more.
Cause that's kind of fun.
Um, so you might remember, I talked about that on the show, like where I was scanning
portals.
Well, guess what?
That is now just in Pokemon go.
Um, but it's been in there for like a month, but there was no reason to scan.
There was no motivation or anything.
So Pokemon go Niantic, they actually added some incentives.
So there's some tasks that you can get called AR mapping.
Uh, and then if you do the actual little scan of the portal, you might get a cool little
reward, like 10 Pokeballs or whatever it is.
Of course, when I was reading Reddit, some people are already kind of fucking with this.
Like when they get a task, they'll just scan the ground or something, um, which is like
not what you're supposed to do, but I guess if Niantic doesn't quality check, then I guess
people are going to do that.
Although I will say now, I don't know if this is in Pokemon go yet, but I will say in Ingress
in the last patch for Ingress, probably about two, three weeks ago, they actually made it
so that the scan will detect motion.
And if you don't move, you can't, you, you won't be able to finish the scan and you have
to have well lit conditions.
So if it's too dark or dark, so dark, you can't see the portal, which happened to me
the other night.
I was at a park and sundown is just happening earlier and earlier.
So we're getting later in the year.
Um, so I could not actually scan anymore at the park because the game said it's too dark
out.
Um, so I don't know if those fail safes are in Pokemon go cause I haven't been scanning.
Okay.
S.J. and Hunter Matt says it is in Pogo.
It won't accept the scan unless you move around.
Thank you.
Cause I haven't been doing it cause I'm already doing it in Ingress.
I just wish my Ingress credits would come over to Pokemon go.
But what's interesting is that you can see some stops and gyms have the tasks, but not
all of them do.
And I like, for instance, one right by my house doesn't have the task.
Well, I'll tell you why it doesn't have the task.
I scanned that fucking thing lots of times.
It doesn't need anymore.
And, and not just me, but people that wanted to knock me off his scout controller, um,
and other people on my team as well, who just were nearby.
And cause sometimes we get together and exchange gear and stuff.
And so they wanted to scan it as well.
Uh, that is probably why it doesn't show up as a place that you can do scanning in, um,
Pokemon go.
I just thought that was interesting.
So if some something by your house doesn't have a task available, somebody from Ingress
probably already scanned it a ton already, but I'll tell you hardly anyone's doing it
in Ingress either.
Cause the rewards in Ingress are minimal.
It's like a badge.
You don't even get gear or nothing.
So it's a little silly.
All right.
A hot pocketry in chat says, bring a flashlight.
I tried to use the one on my phone, but it wouldn't work.
I didn't think to bring a separate one.
I didn't think I'd need it.
So, all right.
Uh, let's move on.
Uh, Jamie had some stories too.
Are you able to do these Loki or you want me to do them?
I don't care.
Um, yeah, I can, I can talk about them.
Okay.
Um, so apparently.
Let's see.
There's a new, I mean, as with all times of the year, Humble has some new, um, a Halloween
sale kind of going on there.
So of course, discounting lots of different Halloween games.
I'm pretty sure that there's a lot of different store friends that are doing similar things.
I know Epic had something marked down.
I'm sure PlayStation Store did kind of everybody's discounting all the Halloween themed stuff.
So of course, Resident Evil 7, uh, Batman Arkham Knight, uh, game of Arkham City, all
that stuff's like, you know, 75% off, 80% off.
So, uh, just go check all your storefronts.
It's probably a good idea.
And then, um, to go along with that, of course, also there was, uh, Zen Pinball had some,
uh, new titles that are being announced.
I guess from Alpha Numeric Pinball.
So they've got, let's see, Williams Pinball 6, and the tables include Fun House, Space
Station, Dr. Dudes, and his excellent Ray.
I am not familiar with any of these.
I apparently don't play enough pinball.
Fun House would be the most well known.
Fun House had a very scary looking face on the table.
Okay.
I do remember Fun House.
I'm not sure about, but, um, so yeah, so that's pretty cool.
Um, you can check those out for, uh, Pinball FX 3 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo
Switch, Windows 10, and Steam, as well as on the Williams Pinball app, iOS, and Google
Play.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games that are
coming out near you real soon.
As we start to ramp up to the release of new systems, if you can believe it, we're what
we're three weeks away from new systems.
Two weeks.
Wow.
Not even three.
Yeah, no, it's three because next week is Halloween.
Then we get the November 7th, it's three weeks, but it's close.
Yeah.
So, uh, starting off with this week, we've got Cobra Kai.
The Karate Kid Saga continues on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Ghost Runner on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
The Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel 4 on PlayStation 4.
Oddworld New and Tasty on Nintendo Switch.
Pacer on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Shin Megami Tensei 3 Nocturne HD Remaster on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
And we've got Watchdog Legion on PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Stadia.
Angry Video Game Nerd 1 and 2 Deluxe on PC and Nintendo Switch.
The Dark Pictures Anthology Little Hope on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Mad Rat Dead on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Pikmin 3 Deluxe on Nintendo Switch.
The Mahari Kawasi Fresh on PlayStation 4.
Visage on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
That's it.
Just a random question from chat, um, over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Pod Culture asks, how many system launches is OLR covered?
Um, so I mean, launches, we weren't on the air.
So our first show was in 2002.
And even though we were pretty exclusively about music games in those early years, like,
you know, it came up all the time.
We would still get tangents.
You know, Dark Soccer loved her classics and her Dreamcast and stuff.
So we would take tangents all the time outside the music and stuff.
So I would say we were covering the PlayStation 2 and Dreamcast and we were covering that era.
But it was kind of like, we didn't cover the launch, obviously,
because Dreamcast came out in 99, PS2 was what, 2001.
So we weren't quite on the air yet.
I remember one of the big things was I just got my Japanese PlayStation 2 before OLR started.
So that was like a thing.
Um, so when it comes to launches, then we did like PlayStation 3.
And I think Xbox 360 was just before that.
And then PS3.
And I think Wii came out around the same time.
So we covered all that because that was the big lines where we were handing out donuts and stuff.
Uh, and then of course we did the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And then now the PlayStation 5 and so forth.
So, um, as Bobby said in chat, this will be the fourth generation of the, of the big three.
And that's about right.
3DS and Nintendo DS and Vita and PSP.
And I think, uh, and Amico next year.
Um, let's see the, um, let's see, uh, what was I going to say to, um, Xbox?
The original Xbox had also already been out, uh, when the show started.
I, I bought my Xbox, I think a couple months into doing the show.
Cause I finally bought one for Halo and, uh, to play DDR.
So, uh, yeah.
Yeah.
All three consoles are out by 2002.
So it's, it's been a lot, but it's also interesting to think considering that we've been doing
this Loki for 18 and a half years.
Um, it is interesting to think it's actually not that many.
When you think just how long we've been doing this show, it's not that many launches all
things considered.
This is the first one that should have been, this was supposed to be a 10 year generation.
Well, this is the first one.
This is the first one in a pandemic.
So it'll be interesting.
All right.
Anyway, sorry.
Uh, tangent question, but I thought it was a good one.
Uh, going to, uh, Japan and checking out the releases there.
We have coming out on the 29th, Mad Rat Dead, Shantae and the Seven Sirens on Nintendo Switch.
Uh, Shimagami Tensei 3 Nocturne.
It's an HD remaster of that.
Cool.
Uh, and then Common Rider Memory of Heroes, uh, is coming out as well in Japan.
That's on the Switch.
And also Taishu Cross Alice Heads and Tails is coming out as well.
Uh, going over to the PlayStation 4, I imagine we're going to see some overlap.
Uh, yeah.
Watch Dogs Legion actually is also out, uh, this coming week in Japan.
So that's pretty cool.
As is the Mad Rat Dead.
Uh, there is a Kemco RPG selection.
It's volume five of some various RPGs from over the years by Kemco put together in that,
including As Divine Menace, Wizards of Brandel, Sea Carts and Innocent Revengers.
Those are all the games that are going to be in it.
Uh, and then Shimagami Tensei remaster is out on PS4.
Uh, Saints Row the Third remastered gets its Japanese release.
So they must've done some things to localize it for Japan.
Cause that came out here a while ago.
Uh, it was on the Switch probably I'm guessing, right?
This one's on the PlayStation 4.
Oh, PlayStation 4.
Yeah.
That's been a while.
Yeah, but they, they might've localized it.
I don't know.
That's why sometimes why it's a little delayed in Japan.
Some of the releases that are a little more, uh, made for this audience, they take a while
to localize.
Uh, Common Rider Memory of Heroes also released on PlayStation 4 this week and, uh, a price
reduction and game of the year edition for Sekiro Shadows Die Twice.
How about the UK, Loki?
Um, in the UK we've got Cobra Kai, the Karate Kid Saga continues on PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One looks like Company of Heroes 2 All Out War Edition on PC.
Who Wants to be a Millionaire on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch.
Watchdog Legion on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Mortal Shell on Xbox One.
We've got the Dark Pictures Anthology Volume One on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Pikmin 3 Deluxe on Nintendo Switch.
Ninja Legends on PlayStation 4.
The Dark Pictures Anthology Little Hope on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And last but not least, Dead Cells Prisoners Edition on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.
All right.
So lots, you know, we're getting into November when all the games are going to come out.
So, uh, busy, busy, busy.
All right.
We are going to now, uh, get back into some other news.
Um, I can't believe it's already 8 30.
So we may cover this news a little quickly because we want to get some of your questions.
There's no emails tonight though.
So we, we only have time for questions at the end.
Hopefully we'll get some, but we have a few stories first.
Loki.
Yeah.
So, um, Mojang announced that they're going to be migrating everybody over to Microsoft
accounts, including folks that are, well, I should say only the Java edition players
of Minecraft because everybody already is on Minecraft or, um, Microsoft accounts.
If you're playing Minecraft on consoles or the windows 10 edition.
Um, so they are going to be migrating folks over to Microsoft accounts.
You're going to have to create one for the Java edition soon.
Um, which will allow you to have the two factor authentication and, you know, improve parental
controls and all that wonderful stuff.
Nothing else really changed about the game aside from how you log into it, instead of
having to have a separate Mojang account or Minecraft.net account.
Uh, you'll be able to log in using that to incentivize people to do so.
Um, you will actually get a free Cape.
So they're going to offer you a free Cape that you can use for your character as well.
Um, and starting this fall, you'll have to create those Microsoft accounts.
So they haven't really specified a specific date yet, but it'll be pretty easy to do that.
I kind of liked that cause I don't use the Java version too often.
So I tend to forget my Mojang, um, login credentials.
So, um, it'll be nice to just have it all under one.
But some people are trying to equate this to the Facebook Oculus thing and I'm like,
no, not necessarily.
It doesn't seem nearly as bad.
No, they're the, I mean, you have to have a Microsoft account already for like the other
versions of, um, Minecraft.
And it's not necessarily like, this isn't tied to like social media or anything.
They're not requesting your real name.
They don't really care.
It's just, it's just basically a centralized, um, login service.
It makes sense.
I mean, why have it just for consistency across the board?
Why would you have a separate login for the Java version versus everything else?
You just, it's much more simpler than maintain one system.
Especially one that they're using across all their products.
I don't see the point in having to create a separate login and maintain that.
Um, it's much easier.
And plus this way too, it makes it a lot easier.
Cause, um, I know I'm not sure if they're still offering it, but they used to be, if
you buy the Java version, you get the windows 10 version for free.
And it's just easier to link that all together this way versus having to give you a key that
you then go log into your windows 10 account and, you know, get the game that way.
It doesn't make any sense.
It's just, it's much easier.
So, uh, and I, I'm, I also failed to see what the big deal is about this, honestly,
but I want to, you know, let every gamer have a voice.
And I see in chat, Zen monkey 11 says, no, thank you Mojang and says, just make Java
open source or leave it be.
And I can kind of get that perspective is that, you know, Java is kind of like, wow,
classic in a way, you know, it's, it's caters to
a very specific audience.
Um, and I can also understand where it's just kind of like, just, just let it, let it,
let it live in its own little corner and stop bothering it.
Do you see that perspective?
Loki?
No, I mean, they're, they're still doing upgrades for it and everything.
I don't see, I don't really see an issue with this.
I don't equate this to be the same thing as, um, what Facebook's doing with Oculus.
Well, and it is, it isn't, I'm saying some people.
And I also agree cause Rama says that's a stretch and I agree.
And Bobby says the Facebook Oculus thing is because Facebook can decide you shouldn't
have an account for whatever reason.
And that means you can't use an Oculus device.
For instance, if you don't use your exact legal name, boom, no Oculus.
Um, which is one of many reasons why I'm going to say I will never buy an Oculus and I'm
going to encourage all my friends, including Bobby Blackwolf, who is a VR guru.
I understand.
But I already have one.
You know what?
And that's fine.
And I understand because Bobby might be like, I need one because I'm such an enthusiast.
Fine.
I'll let it go.
But I'm going to be actively encouraging people.
I know not to buy Oculus because then there was a whole thing this week about you can't
like share things on the store.
Or like if you delete your Facebook account, then you basically lose everything you've
bought.
It's it's bad.
Like, no, thank you.
I mean, I will say thank you Facebook for making the decision of which VR platform to
go with on the PC a lot easier for me by taking yourselves out of the equation.
Thank you.
You can't have multiple quests, one quest per account, because they're afraid you're
going to give a quest with your account to someone else.
Yeah.
But all right.
Anyway, so I think I think we've made it very clear.
It's not the same thing, even though some people are trying to say it is.
But I also like this way, like like I think here's one of the things I think that they're
trying to do.
They're trying to get parity across Java and the bedrock conditions already.
So what I think they're trying to shoot for here is with maybe 117 that they're going
to try.
Maybe they're going to have enabled some sort of cross play option for Java and bedrock
to be able to do it that way, because I know right now it's still very different.
And there's like features that are in one that aren't in the other one.
But maybe the end goal is to have everybody be able to play together if they want to.
And definitely, you know, the new log in doesn't affect anything like modding or using like
bucket or any of that stuff.
It's just strictly instead of using your Microsoft to count the log in, you'll use your or your
Minecraft log in.
You'll just use your Microsoft log in.
Okay.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about another hot Microsoft property, and that's Halo.
And Halo, the Master Chief Collection, I believe was a launch title for Xbox One, if I am not
mistaken.
No, maybe not a launch title.
It was pretty close.
It was pretty close, if not like a launch.
But anyway, it had some rough spots when it first came out, but they've been working on
it consistently really throughout the years to make it better.
And it's in a really good place right now.
And it's going to be further upgraded to essentially be a bit of a launch title for Xbox Series
X as well as S as well.
So November 17th, Halo, the Master Chief Collection is going to get some upgrades.
And that means you will now be able to play the game at 120 frames a second on both X
and S. On X, you can do this in 4K.
That's pretty cool.
So it's going to be a smooth game.
Can I find a TV that can actually support that?
Probably not.
Oh, but as a quick aside, Loki, you might get a kick out of this.
I bought my 4K TV yesterday.
It's just I'm having it delivered so that they can take the box and all that crap out
of here and that stuff.
I did it all through Costco.
It's only 20 bucks to do that through Costco.
So I was like, whatever.
And so I bought my TV.
So and I'm sure you're all dying to know, what did I end up going with?
Did I get the OLED I'd been talking about?
No, I did not.
I finally decided that was just a little too expensive for me.
Not knocking the TV.
They're pretty devices.
So I did not get that.
I did get the Samsung QLED, which was kind of like the other kind of fancier
LED.
I'm aware it's not the same thing as OLED and the whole concept of the pure black and
all that stuff.
But I felt for the price I was willing to spend, it was pretty enough.
So that's my new TV.
And that's getting here on this coming Friday.
So I'll be able to talk more about that on the next OLR.
But I will actually be able to enjoy my Xbox Series X.
That's another reason I had to be a little bit price conscious is like getting a TV and
a new console.
I could not do a TV and two new consoles.
So PlayStation 5 has to wait for next year.
But TV and one console, it's going to be nice that I'm going to be having that because it's
almost like it's going to be just a new gaming experience.
It's the first time I really will have been doing a lot of gaming in 4K.
I've done this much on my PC.
And it's things that will actually run on my current setup in 4K, which is stuff like
Diablo 3.
Wow, wow is 4K right now.
So yeah.
So I'm really excited to check something like this out.
Like Halo, the Master Chief Collection.
And I think it's pretty nice on Xbox how you have Game Pass is going to have all these
games on it.
It's like you're going to have quite a few games to check out right away or yeah.
Only Sonic says you need HDMI 2.1 or something like that.
This TV does have it.
So it's a new enough model to have that.
DJ Rama S says Rob, what size TV?
65 inch, which is five inches more than I have now.
No one special says can the human eye even see 120 frames per second?
I don't know.
I didn't think they could see 60 and yet I can see it for what it is.
So anyway.
All right, let's move on.
Next story.
You want to talk about this, Logie?
It's our favorite.
It's our favorite company.
Yeah, so Konami has re-upped their trademarks for Goemon and apparently a spinoff of the
Suikoden series.
So they've upped their trademark for Gensou Sui Gaiden and Ganbare Goemon, an emotional
voice system.
So that was the system that was implemented by the Tokimeki Memorial series.
Oh, yeah.
Cool.
I wonder what they plan on doing with that.
They probably don't necessarily plan on doing much with it aside from maybe re-releasing
some of this stuff or doing collections or something.
Maybe they'll do a Goemon collection.
Going on collection would be awesome, especially with all these collections on the Switch where
the Mana collection where they actually localize things.
Like, I would give Konami a little credit.
A little credit.
I love The Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
Yeah, there's a ton of Goemon games.
They should localize some more and put them out.
I think that'd be cool.
Not Nino Kuni collection.
Sorry.
Kunio Kun collection that came out not that long ago with all the River City Ransom games
and those guys and all those NES games, like the soccer game and stuff that had never
come out on here locally.
I think that would be really awesome.
Orange Rite does point out they did just announce a new Tokimeki Memorial game for the Switch.
It's a girl's side game, if I recall correctly.
I hope they make another anniversary collection.
Those were neat.
And Pesto Pacas is laughing at my Nino Kuni collection.
Well, with that news on level five last week, sadly, that's never going to happen.
That's sad.
So but yeah, I you know what?
I didn't think it would necessarily be for a Goemon collection.
I thought, oh, maybe they're working on a new game, but I somehow the idea of a Goemon
collection as opposed to them doing a new game sounds better.
Stick to what you stick to your history.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
You have another one for us, Logie.
Sorry, I've been like trying to fight with the new PlayStation.
Store page, the website.
Oh, no, I haven't looked at it and I heard it's garbage.
It's garbage.
So like I forgot to get my PlayStation Plus games for October and I have this button here
says join PlayStation Plus.
I'm like, well, that's weird because I'm on PlayStation Plus and I've already been paying
for it.
So why can't I download my games?
And that's just in a big loop.
Get the games, click the button.
It takes me to a page where they want me to join.
But I've already joined and I'm also logged in.
So what the hell?
It's garbage.
Did they add titles of games yet?
We mean titles of games.
I guess I was like, I don't know.
They said I was reading some website that was like, when you're in the store, you see
the box art, but you don't even see what the whole name of the game.
And you can't even see what is Minecraft, the game versus Minecraft DLC packs and all
this other stuff.
It's just so hard to tell the difference.
I don't know.
Right now, I'm on the PlayStation Plus page and it's all get the game.
So I click the button.
It takes me back to the PlayStation Plus page, which says join PlayStation Plus.
I don't want to join it because I already have.
I'm on it.
It renews.
In fact, a couple of days.
So I guess I got to go through my system.
What the hell, man?
I don't get it.
Anyways, sorry.
No, it's fine.
I want to know how that was greenlit too.
Um, but anyways, so let's talk a little bit about, uh, actually funny enough, I forgot
to mention this back when we were talking about Minecraft.
So you may remember that Minecraft, uh, Steve was added to, uh, super smash brothers.
Well, there's been a small tweak that they have done because apparently it wasn't that
small.
His winning pose had him holding a cooked piece of beef.
And fortunately it looked like a pixelated penis, um, on the screen.
How did that get by the Nintendo?
I don't know.
Whatever.
It's pretty funny.
So they said, Steve, you need to put your meat away.
Yes.
So you're excited you want, but you need to put your meat away.
He's not holding his meat anymore.
Um, so that's funny.
Okay.
So, um, if we still, you know, back to, you know, kind of a throwback to when we were
talking about earlier, how, um, certain, certain people at certain game companies feel that,
you know, gamers should pay to stream their games because they aren't making enough money.
Well, I mean, as if it's any surprise with sports games, it's gotten ridiculous with
the amount of like, um, stuff that they're throwing in people's faces.
So UFC tried this a while back EA, um, putting, you know, little ad bumpers in there as well.
Well, NBA 2k now has unskippable ads.
That load before the, um, the game street fighter, street fighter five houses too.
Cause it was a PlayStation plus game last month.
And when you, before you get set up for a match, it's like present this match presented by,
and like every single one I was getting was like the Capcom cup or whatever it was
going on at the time.
So it was a, it was a local ad, but it was, I kind of rolled my eyes.
Yeah.
So, so they have an unskippable ads for stuff like, you know, uh, converse snowfall,
Oculus quest, um, all sorts of things.
It's ridiculous.
Also considering I'm kind of curious to see what's going to happen with this one.
I mean, cause I, I get it.
They're doing it while it's loading, but you know, these next gen systems are going to load
much, much, much faster.
Are they just going to artificially increase that load time in order to do these ads?
It's it's garbage.
Anyways, NBA 2k has basically put out a tweet, uh, seeing as many of you are aware in the
recent years, ads have been integrated into 2k TV segments.
Yesterday's 2k TV ad placement impacted our players experience in a way we didn't intend
bullshit.
Um, as these ads are not meant to run as part of the pregame introduction, this will be
fixed in future episodes.
Thank you for your continued feedback.
I don't buy that one bit.
I think they just, they make the excuse, well, we didn't intend for this to happen, but.
Well, it did.
They're like, oops, we made a mistake.
Whoopsie doops.
You know, they're just waiting to see what the reaction is going to be.
I'm telling you these guys that are trying to fleece everybody for, you know, microtransactions
and season passes and all of this nonsense each year.
Um, you know, not, well, I don't know so much about 2k, but like EA doesn't really even
update their game very much year to year taking away features, selling those back to you or
whatever the case may be.
Um, and there's still demanding more money on top of all this, like, you know, endorsements
with different, you know, food brands or, you know, with shoes or advertisements, you
know, throwing stuff, they're making money, like tons of money off of this stuff.
You can't tell me that.
And then they're going to, you know, not them particularly, but I could easily see them
jumping on board.
If some AAA studio decided to start charging people to stream their games, get right on
board with that because, Hey, that's money.
Why not have all the money?
Um, I could easily see them doing that.
I mean, 2k and EA, I mean, it's just bad.
All right.
What, uh, there's another thing with EA, right?
Yes.
So EA talking about, um, you know, they're incredible, uh, loot box systems that they
have with Madden and whatnot.
Apparently they're the case that's pending in Canada, a class action lawsuit against
EA, um, regarding their loot boxes that violates the country's criminal code, basically accusing
them of running unlicensed illegal gambling systems.
And they're seeking damages for unjust enrichment arising from the defendant's operation of
illegal gambling systems through the sale of so-called loot boxes in popular video games.
Well, you know, this, this is serious shit when Canadians are not going to be polite
about it anymore.
This is the legal part of it.
You don't know what will be in those loot boxes.
And I'm not sure if they necessarily upfront with the odds on that stuff.
They may be, but like, it's still, yeah, it's, it's still something that of course
that several countries have brought up as far as saying that this type of stuff would
fall under gambling laws.
So I'm surprised that they haven't.
In other words, the PlayStation five and Xbox series X launches may be a good time to get
rid of this crap.
Although we know they're not, we know, but, um, maybe Canada's not so subtly suggesting
now is a good time to change their habits.
Yeah.
Um, so yeah, I don't know.
I don't think they're going to change.
Not until somebody steps in.
Yeah.
Until someone steps in to make them accountable.
Here I am yet again this year sitting here saying Canada, save us all.
All right.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk.
I seriously love Canada and all my Canadian friends hearts.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about.
Oh, you know who else needs money?
Atari.
Cause I don't think that computer is going to sell.
Like I couldn't even tell you, is it the Atari VCS?
Is that what they're calling it?
I, this is a problem.
Number one, this is a problem.
I could tell you more about that Intellivision Amico, uh, than I could Atari system.
And that's no shade against Intellivision.
I'm not here to do that.
It's so expensive.
Their system is so expensive.
I could tell you anything about that new Atari, except that $350 for the Atari thing.
I think it's a real computer slash it plays Atari stuff slash.
At one point I heard and stream was on it, but then I'm not hearing that anymore.
Um, so it's a computer.
Like it's.
So anyway, let's talk about something besides that's not that.
Okay.
This, this, I understand, uh, Atari teaming up with Eunice, U N I S U N I S, uh, to release
a Pong arcade machine for your home.
This is a little different than the, uh, table sized ones that are a little more akin to
like an arcade one, a one up bar top.
This is a Pong mini.
So it's a 7.9 inch LCD string screen and two dial controls that you can play.
Pong with 10, excuse me, 10 different difficulty settings.
Uh, there's no battery built in, so it runs on AA batteries.
But, um, it's Pong, so I don't expect it's going to use a lot of power, uh, but you can
also power it with a USB cable and adapters.
So if you don't want to use batteries, you're trying to be eco-friendly, whatever, you do
have that option as well.
Uh, you can get it this holiday season.
Uh, Arcade One Up will actually be distributing this here in North America because U N I S
is a Chinese company.
Uh, no pricing details yet or pre-order details yet.
Yeah.
I noticed, by the way, I was at Target today and I didn't even realize this was a market
Arcade One Up was getting into, but they are beyond just the, uh, replica arcade machines
stuff now.
Those little controllers that have games in them, Arcade One Up is doing those now.
Yeah, they're garbage.
Are they?
I saw a Mega Man one, which I don't know why I'd get that because it exists on the switch
and there was a Namco Pac-Man slash Mappy slash, uh, those games won.
So here's the fun thing about those.
So they, they are kind of garbage based on the reviews that I've watched for them.
Um, it's mainly that the controller is kind of garbage.
The games themselves emulate just fine, but you can actually, they're emulation boxes.
You can load other games onto them, um, using an SD card, which is kind of cool.
And then with that, you can also like hook up USB controllers to it and stuff.
So it might be worth it for that, but like the, the included controller is not good.
Okay.
Okay.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, I just thought it was interesting.
They were getting into that line of business anyway.
Sorry.
The story was actually supposed to be about, um, Atari and the mini Pong,
but it just shows to go arcade one up is really like, they're pre-
I feel like two years ago, I didn't know a thing about these guys.
And then as much as a year ago, it was like, oh, I'll never be able to afford that shit.
Anyway, that's a company for rich people.
And now I feel like they're showing up everywhere, you know?
So this is very interesting.
So, um, but you know, uh, you know, we're, we're, we're the 40 somethings now.
I know you're not 40 yet, Loki, but we're, we're-
I am.
Oh no, that's right.
You just hit that on September.
Yes, that's right.
So, so brand new.
I wanted, I wanted to-
Okay.
So I'm looking at the Atari VCS page.
Okay.
And I can't help but laugh.
It's just ridiculous stuff that's on here.
So I saw this thing at the very bottom.
It said, uh, talking about like the features of their console, you know, it's like Ryzen
processor, wifi, Bluetooth, Atari speaker hat compatible.
I'm like, what the hell is that?
So apparently they've released a hat that has speakers in it.
You can listen to music or something.
It's high fidelity microphones and stuff.
They're in all sorts of businesses, that Atari.
Hey, whatever happened to the hotels?
I mean, pandemic.
Those are still coming.
Are they really?
Cause that was the most interesting thing I'd heard.
It like, as far as like using their brand in a crazy way.
I thought those hotels sounded fascinating.
So, um, I'm curious if it, I would, I would stay at one just to see, um, and see if it's,
you know, what, or if it's kind of like, you know, garbage, but I'd be curious.
I'd be super curious.
Super curious.
DJ Roma S says the speaker hat has been around for a couple of years.
Bobby Blackwell says, I can't wait to go and stay at hotels again.
Technically you can, but I, I understand the point you're trying to make and I get it.
Uh, I can't, I can't wait to get on a plane again and I could if I wanted to, but now,
now they're going to be, uh, selling the middle seats apparently on my favorite airlines.
So, uh, I don't know how I feel about that.
So I'm not in a rush to go anywhere anytime soon.
Um, especially it's going to be, it's going to be a good several weeks after Thanksgiving
and Christmas, because those holidays really worry me.
Uh, I just don't think people are going to give a shit and, uh, we'll see.
We'll see.
Um, DJ Roma S says the speaker hat's been around for a while.
Well, that's cool.
All right.
So this is the part where we would get to the listener round table and open up to our
chat room for your questions, uh, or comments on anything we've talked about tonight or
anything we haven't talked about yet that you hoped we would talk about.
I would also typically do the mailbag at this time because you can send your emails every
week to participate at orangelandradio.com and we read our favorite emails here on the
air.
But, um, there's an empty mailbag this week.
We didn't get anything.
We've had a, we've had a good run of, uh, mailbag weeks and dark soccer is not even
here for me to talk about drag race with.
So now what do I do?
Loki watching drag race Holland?
No, damn it.
All right.
Uh, okay.
Good.
Excellent.
The chat room here with the save when in doubt, bring it back to food.
SSU 100.
Matt says rank your top three Halloween.
Is it from a distance?
I thought it said candles and I'm like, um, let's see bed bath and beyond.
No, I know it's candies.
All right.
Rank your top three Halloween candies.
I don't really eat a lot of candy.
So like it's always tootsie rolls.
Um, so that's what I, I've been just buying that stuff, you know, from the store and getting
that, um, gummy bears.
Um, and I don't know, I don't really like a lot of the chocolate stuff that they give
out.
Um, yeah, I mean, that's pretty much it.
Um, I'm with hot pocketry peanut butter cups, probably very high on the list near the top.
Um, I would say for Halloween candies, I'm trying to think of things that you usually
see around Halloween that you don't see other times a year.
I would actually, I would actually, you know, I never got those in trick or treat bags.
Uh, and it's not actually my favorite.
I like it, but it's not my favorite.
Um, I would say, um, the Wonka candies, I see more this time of year than any other
time.
And so specifically like bottle caps, I've always really liked, you know, those, the,
the soda flavored candy.
I'm not as big on nerds, uh, and runts.
I only like the banana ones.
So, um, so I would say, uh, yeah, uh, uh, bottle caps, um, and, uh, vanilla tootsie
rolls specifically, or any fruit flavored one.
I like those as well.
Yeah.
I don't know if I like those.
I don't know.
We have a bunch.
I like that.
I just buy like a five pound bag or a bite, like not five pound bag.
It's like a $5 bag of that stuff.
And it lasts for months.
Yeah.
And black and Pat says Kit Kats, Snickers and nerds.
I would agree with Kit Kats.
I always like, like if I'm just like at the convenience store and I'm like, I want candy.
I usually will buy a Kit Kat bar or a Twix is the other one that I really like.
Cause now all these companies are doing their crazy flavors.
You know, ever since Oreo started doing it now, I feel like every sweets company is doing
their crazy flavors.
I guess that was the thing they had to do because of the dieting that everybody's doing.
Made people start cutting that stuff out.
So they tried to do crazy flavors to bring people back.
But like Twix has like a peanut butter Twix.
That's really good.
And there's a cookies and cream one.
That's pretty good too.
So I'm liking the crazy flavor and Kit Kat is finally, finally doing some crazy flavors
like they've had in Japan for forever.
Like there were some apple pie Kit Kats I had not long ago.
Really good.
So those would be my answers.
Good question.
While we wait to see if any other candy or candies, sure.
I'll take candy.
If we wait to see if any other questions come in, uh, Loki, do you have any last minute
stories?
I don't.
I was like, I feel like we hit everything.
It wasn't really that big of a week.
All things considered, there were just some big moments.
I was gonna say Epic games has got the, uh, the, the, I know that they've got the, the
Ghostbusters remaster.
That's going to be free next week, which is pretty cool.
I want to check that out.
And then, um, there was also, what's the other one that they had for next week as well.
Uh, Blair, which is going to be free next week as well.
So check those out.
Um, as Joe and Matt says, I used to like butter fingers, but as I got older, I'm not a fan
of them.
I still like them, but what I really liked, I don't think they sell them anymore.
The butter fingers, BBs, the little, they were like tiny little, do you guys know what
I'm talking about?
They were like little, I think like a whopper, but it was filled with butter finger instead
the malts.
Yeah, I like those.
Um, Bobby Black Wolf says favorite quote from my 1982 history book.
Didn't read it.
Uh, no one special 77 says favorite vog host.
Oh, that's, that's a question that's asking for trouble.
Um, I'm going to say captain spike because I really want game buoy to come back regularly
and slide kick.
It's a tie.
Um, let's see.
That's it.
I don't think we have any other questions.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says grandpa.
Yeah, we want starboard power coupling back too.
So, all right.
Anyway, I guess that's it.
We're not really getting a lot of other questions.
We've run a pretty long show tonight.
We've had a very busy show, lots of things to discuss, so I think we're good to start
to wrap up.
I want to thank you guys for coming out and supporting the show.
Uh, thank you so much for listening to orange launch radio and supporting us every week
the way you always do.
If you, uh, enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, please tell a friend
or five about the show.
Um, spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can only put the voices that are here
on the air if they're here.
So, um, uh, tell a friend, uh, auto hosts on twitch go an awful long way, which by the
way, um, if you didn't know, if you're not listening live, if you're listening on the
podcast feed, uh, after we do the credits, we'll come back and acknowledge everybody
who did the donations and the following.
I have not been able to read hosts for the longest time because twitch got rid of that
feature.
Well, guess what?
Y'all twitch brought it back, but guess what?
What y'all you have to be logged in as the account and not one of the deputies essentially
in order to see the list.
So I'm logged in as Rob Roberts, my personal account, which is deputized to do whatever
I need to do on bog network except see the damn hosting list.
So I'm hoping we'll get that fixed unless, um, Bobby's going to copy paste for me.
I don't know, but in future weeks I will be able to read the hosts again.
So the hosting and even if it's an auto hosting, that stuff goes an awful long way.
So thank you.
Thank you.
Bobby says there's 30 hosts.
That's amazing.
Thanks you guys.
You guys rule.
That's, that's way more than we had in December.
It was like 11 when we first started.
That's great.
Thanks you guys.
So auto hosts going off a long way.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And then a five star review.
If you use iTunes or any place that accepts reviews, we really appreciate those as well.
Um, yeah.
Word of mouth.
That's what we got.
So let's get to final thoughts, uh, and then wrap it all up.
So I guess Loki will start with you.
What's your final thought tonight?
Final thought is I hope I get this, uh, code bit that I'm working on to actually work correctly.
It's it really should be much simpler than what I'm doing.
There should be no reason why it's not working, but of course it's not working for reasons.
All right.
And, uh, my final thought tonight is vote, vote, vote, vote, vote, vote.
And, um, I'm excited.
I'm glad to hear there's many of you out there who have also been shy to play among us.
So I'm looking forward to our first VOG among us night.
I think there'll be a lot of fun.
I don't know when it will be, but I'm I'm we'll work on that.
So cool.
Um, that's it.
We're going to wrap up and, uh, roll the credits.
Thanks you guys for being here and checking out the show with this week.
Have a happy Halloween.
Have a safe Halloween.
Please remember COVID-19.
We just like Shane was on at the beginning of the show.
Thank you, Shane, for being here at the start of the show.
Even though he has COVID he came here on the show virtually, of course, uh, tonight to talk to us.
Um, and I hope that also kind of brings it home.
Like COVID is real.
It's out there and thank heavens, uh, Shane is, is relatively healthy through it.
And, uh, not, uh, one of the more serious cases.
Um, so I say that all because have a happy Halloween, but don't, don't be reckless.
Science does not care about your opinions, uh, political or otherwise.
So just because you wish COVID away isn't going to make it the case.
Uh, so please keep that in mind.
I'm not saying don't like leave your house, but just please take precautions.
Okay.
Take precautions.
Thank you.
Oh my God.
Bobby miscounted and said it was 40 hosts.
That's amazing.
Thank you.
All right.
That's it.
We really are going to roll credits now.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
