Tonight, May 27th, 2012, a new Star Wars game is set to be unveiled.
After weeks of speculation, 38 Studios shuts its doors, and a major game publisher is sued
for fraud.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about
video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, with my co-host here in studio.
Welcome back tonight, the one and only Dark Sakura.
Hi.
Boy, you missed a fun show last week.
No, I didn't because I was eating at Bucket of Meat.
I guess that is a little better, but we'll talk more about that in a minute.
Yeah, I was very sad though.
I sent you my support from afar as I was eating barbecue chicken.
Now, for those that don't know what Bucket of Meat is, dot, dot, dot.
It is the Big Thunder barbecue restaurant at Disneyland.
Of course.
Where it's like 30 bucks a head and you get all you can eat meat, like beef ribs, sausages,
chicken, cornbread, coleslaw, beans, and they all come in these big shiny, well not kind
of shiny, but big iron buckets, which a couple of people ran off with one.
Are you a fan of finding big sausages at Disneyland?
Oh yes.
Oh yes, Rob.
All right, also say hello, joining us tonight, to Tech Master Loki.
That sounds like a Southern Brazilian barbecue.
It kind of does a little bit, but Brazilian barbecue is amazing.
Oh, I don't know though.
Cornbread could make it better.
You know what?
Well, they did, they did have cornbread, but they also, the people there on the stage performing
did You Got a Friend in Me, all kind of blue grassy.
Oh, how fun.
It was great.
All right.
Um, we're going to go around and talk about how our weeks were in video games, but first
I want to start off tonight talking about what happened last week because the podcasties
are sitting here going, wait a minute, Dark Soccer was on the last show.
There just, there wasn't a show on the feed last week.
I also have to say one thing for GOVDA.
The place did have vegetarian options.
They had a skewer with peppers and vegetables and tofu.
Well, isn't that special?
It was delicious.
All right.
Anyhow, off food on show.
I'm just saying it's cool that they have vegetarian options, but I mean it's bucket of meat.
If it was bucket of salad, I wouldn't be touching the place.
Same if I was a vegetarian and I went to a place that's called bucket of meat, probably
wouldn't be my thing.
All right.
Look, last week's show.
So live, we were here last week live and no, this is not a case of me being lazy and not
updating the podcast feed.
Here's what happened.
We were live, we were doing a show and while we were in the middle of the classic game
of the week segment, which as you know, is always at the end of the first half, the power
went out completely.
The power shut off in the apartment.
It wasn't just my place.
It was the whole unit.
It was the whole stretch.
We still don't know to this tonight what caused the issue.
But unfortunately what happened is that it caused the live listeners got to hear at least
half a show, but because we were unable to retrieve the MP3 from backup, which, you know,
if you want to get technical, it's not really an MP3.
It's a raw Adobe audition file, but it was all wrong.
Like it's just, it was, it was too much to be able to fix and props to Travis from other
station life.
He tried to fix it.
He tried to go in and move the little packets that were out of order, but he said after
about 10 minutes worth of show, he gave up and I don't, I don't blame him.
I don't have the patience for that either.
So that's like trying to like knit something.
So unfortunately last week's show is gone.
So we want to catch you up a little bit on what you missed last week.
So last week we were joined here in studio by Flaco Jones, who you might know if you
listen to Hoard House, he's the number one fan of Hoard House, my Warcraft show, but
I don't think he'd been on OLR.
He certainly had not never gone on as a host before.
I don't think he'd even been on as a guest in a very long time.
He talked a lot about his days working at Konami and some of the stuff he got to beta
test who has a league tester on the winks games, which I'm really sad.
That's that was, that was the part of the show you have that raw file.
I do.
And it's like, that's the part of the show I might have to stream together and put on
Twitter.
So you guys can hear, you should just send it to me and maybe I'll, yeah, we'll see.
But that's a, Oh man, that's the part of the show you really have to hear if anything else.
But there's a couple important revelations that came up last week too, that for the OLR
continuity, cause believe it or not, this show has a storyline over the past 10 years.
It's very important.
You understand one of the discussions we had last week, so we're going to rehab it a little
bit here tonight.
So Loki, how was your gaming week last week that no doubt spills into this week?
I play a lot of Minecraft.
A lot of Minecraft.
As did I.
A lot of Minecraft.
As in every night I signed onto Xbox, Loki, OLR is playing Minecraft.
And I'm very sad when I see you sign on and you're not playing Minecraft.
Because I'm playing Mass Effect 3 multiplayer usually.
But here's the deal, as you guys know, a few months ago on the show, we talked about, you
know what, we tried Minecraft.
We don't get it.
I don't, you know, it's cool.
For those of you that are into Minecraft, it's cool.
But for us, we don't understand.
All hell broke loose when the 360 version came out.
Because for me, it was about, Oh, there's a tutorial mode that is explaining the point.
This game now has a point.
And I just, once I kind of was able to get the basic parts down, and plus it's important
to note that the 360 version really simplifies crafting and da da da da da, once I understood
all that, I was like, okay, I'm into this.
And Loki, I'm imagining it's a similar thing for you.
Yeah, pretty much.
It's just, you know, I went through part of the tutorial, not even the whole tutorial,
just like the very basic stuff and then once I figured out, okay, this is how I craft stuff,
this is how you do this, this is what this is for, okay, I'm just gonna start my own
world.
Yeah.
But you know what?
What?
Tacos.
Yeah.
Dark Sakura is yet to try Minecraft on the 360 and she has not been turned yet, but we're
working on her.
You know what, if I have to pay for it, probably not.
Well, there's a free one on PC, technically, but anyway, we won't go there.
We won't go there.
I played the PC one.
There's the trial.
But anyway, anyway.
Um, so what you need to know, Loki and I are both now really, I mean, Loki more so than
me, both really into Minecraft.
Bobby Blackwell's a part of this too.
He's, I mean, I visited his world, he visited mine, we're both in Loki's world.
Which is...
By the way, you really do need to visit the southern part of the map.
See, we're playing on the same seed, so, you know, but you need to visit, the southern
part of the map is friggin' awesome.
Now here's another important comparison I brought up last week that the podcast-y folks
didn't get to hear, because we realize there's been a lot of slammin' on the 360 by the PC
fans because it's not as advanced.
It's based on an earlier version of the game.
And the other big, big, big one I hear is the finite size of the map.
Is only, what, 1024 by 1024, which for me is big enough, I got enough to work with,
but I understand where the PC fans, especially if you're playing a bunch of people on one
of those servers, really feel a little constricted by the map size, although they say they might
change it on Xbox.
But the comparison I made is I said, well, you've got Civilization IV, Civilization
V on the PC, it's kind of a complicated game.
It's a hard game to jump into and just learn and kind of figure out all the facets of it.
But on the consoles a few years ago, they made a console version of it called Civilization
Revolution, which really kind of, for lack of a better term, dumbed it down.
And they didn't make it a bad game.
It actually is a really fun game.
It's a good way to get a Civ fix really quick when you don't have hours and hours and hours
to play Civ V, because Civ V can go for hours and hours and hours.
But Civ Rev is a really good way to kind of get a quick fix.
So I enjoyed both games, and I think that's where I'm at with Minecraft now.
Because of me getting into the 360 version, Alan has been obsessed with the PC version
lately.
I mean, well, I see, just as like kind of getting ideas, one of the first things I did
after I built a few things was, okay, what are cool things I could build on the 360 version?
So a bunch of internet searches on YouTube, well, just YouTube searches and stuff.
And it just kind of bookmarked a bunch of things that I want to make.
And so I did that.
But there's a lot of cool mods, like industry craft and stuff like that, that you could
build machines that'll do mining for you, and like ridiculous stuff like power drills
and like batteries and piping and all sorts of crazy stuff.
But I mean, it's really cool, and I hope they implement.
Within the next week, I want to go back and give another game a try that I originally
kind of, I didn't really diss it on the show, but I just kind of gave it a review of I Don't
Get It, LOL.
And that's the game Terraria.
Because supposedly that's the 2D Minecraft.
So now that I get Minecraft, I'm going to try Terraria again and I'll let you guys know
next week how that goes, because that's something else I want to explore.
By the way, since we did Bring It Up, Civ 5 is on sale on Steam today for $7.49.
Thank you.
And I was going to actually call that out from our chat room, which I have yet to mention.
Sorry, guys.
Vognetwork.com.
I just want to get you caught up on last week.
Vognetwork.com, it's right there on the page, is the chat room.
And we have Act Deft giving the FYI on that as well.
And Civ 5 for $7.49, that's a steal.
That's an absolute steal.
They're pushing that expansion pack coming out in a month, I bet, but I love Civ 5.
It's totally worth it.
Well, my friend's been playing it on Xbox.
Becky's husband.
There is no Civ 5 on Xbox.
You must be thinking Civilization Revolution, which is the game I mentioned a minute ago.
But I've been watching that and it actually was pretty cool, except you know, that's totally
not my thing.
Just like Minecraft 360, it's a good way to get your feet wet with the series.
All right.
Other things you might have missed last week.
We had an exclusive story, but we're going to repeat that at the top of tonight's show,
so we'll come back to that in a minute.
You guys missed a lot last week.
And there was also the Classic Game of the Week, just for housekeeping purposes.
We decided because Jim was not able to finish his Classic Game of the Week, we're not going
to have that officially be the Classic Game of the Week.
We are going to invite him back on the show, whenever he wants to come back as a fourth
host even, and let him finish what he started.
Jamie said she would kindly give over the Classic Game of the Week segment, whatever
week he comes back, so he can finish what he started that night.
So just, and if you didn't, if you don't know what the Classic Game is, well I have to leave
some suspense.
So you'll just have to figure it out in a later week.
I think that was about it.
I think that was all the stuff that came up last week that was important and worth mentioning.
So let's get into, how was your gaming, oh, VOG Network, I want to say really quickly
about VOG Network.
Friday night, 7 o'clock Pacific, 10 o'clock Eastern, the next phase of VOG will be revealed.
Yes, I'm teasing a teaser, but I think if you guys are really interested in what we're
up to and what the full vision is here, and I know there's a lot of people out there that
still have questions like, why did you leave where you were at before just to do yet another
radio network?
There's more to it than a radio network and some of that is going to be unveiled on Friday,
so I'm really excited about that.
So again, Friday, 7 Pacific, 10 Eastern right here at vognetwork.com.
We're supposed to have an interview at 6.30 tonight and I teased that on the Twitter a
little bit.
Her name is Susan, she's with the website hackedonxbox.com and we're going to talk a
little bit about what, she's basically the Nancy Drew of the gaming industry this week
and I say that with love, I love Nancy Drew, but she really got down to the bottom of what
is really going on on Xbox 360 with what they're not calling Xbox hackings, but Xbox jackings
and we'll talk a little bit about the difference and why that is.
Hopefully we get her on the show here in 10 minutes, unfortunately just, we don't see
her, it's kind of like that interview we had two weeks ago where the dude disappeared for
a little bit.
I haven't heard from her on Twitter or Skype today, these things happen, especially because
her piece got picked up by a lot of the big gaming blogs.
She might just be very popular and in demand right now, so we're going to see if we can't
get her on.
If we can't, we'll just roll it over to a later week when she can come on, but we'll
check in with you guys in 10 minutes.
Alright, for now, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
DarkSakura, you've been out for a week, how was your gaming weeks?
I've actually played stuff.
Played lots of things, although I still haven't played Mass Effect, I'm very sorry.
I played a lot of Portal 2 while I was out.
I've been playing Words with Friends because I figured since I already paid for it, Zynga
already got my damn money.
And honestly, while I'm at work, it's kind of something I can keep up with Dan, so I've
been keeping up with that.
I did try to play Draw Something, but I'm using the free version just because I want
to see what all the fuss is about.
It's cute, I like it.
I am playing, I started playing a lot more fractal.
In fact, if you look on my Facebook fan page for Jamie Summers, I posted a screencap of
what fractal looks like.
And I'm going to be actually showcasing a different game on Steam that I'm playing so
that everyone can see what it is.
I'm going to be starting Fallout New Vegas again, just starting over from scratch.
I've been playing Droplets, I got Droplets on iPhone, which is kind of weird and not
as fun as playing it on Steam.
And I've played some WoW, but I've really been playing Diablo 3.
I played a crap ton of it last night.
And I was like, you know what, this is like playing Ragnarok online without people.
This is great.
So I've really been getting into Diablo.
Because it was free, because I signed over the blood pact.
It was free with a big footnote.
Yeah.
Well, as you saw, when I told my friend on Facebook that it was free, he said, great
Hal, Dan said she signed her life away.
For a year.
For a year.
Which, you know, was what, a third over?
So it's not bad.
But yeah, I think everyone's playing Diablo, because I'll log on to WoW and say, hey, where's
all my peeps at?
And they're all on Diablo, and whatever.
And then I've been playing some more Puzzle Bobble again, best move.
Because I really love that game, and it's really great to play when...
I don't know what it is, but when I'm sick.
And I'm over my cold, guys, I just sound like I'm on the tail of it.
But I slept for two days.
It was glorious.
I was really sick two weeks ago, you might remember, and I'm still coughing.
I'm still having coughing.
People at my work.
And see, I had that sinus attack.
And then I had it bad at Disneyland.
And then I came back to a full blown cold.
I ran a fever.
You know what I just remembered?
I have coffee brewing in the kitchen.
Bye.
Yes, you do.
Anyway, so when I'm sick, it's like I don't really have this mental focus.
However, I think when my brain shuts down, I become really fantastic at puzzle games.
And that was like clearing out levels on Fractal that I had never been able to pass before.
And for anyone, it's not an easy game.
It really is not very easy, because you've got so much to keep in mind with the direction
of how your little things move.
But I still tell everyone, get Fractal, it is worth the money.
It is such a fun game.
Again, it's called Fractal, make blooms, not war.
And I hope that they pay me for my sponsorship, because I am doing that for free.
And then I'm also supposed to be sitting down, because our friend loaned us the Street Fighter
cross Tekken.
And I'm kind of afraid to try it, because I do not want to play against the Mega Man.
But I'm thinking about it, so meh.
Did you play anything other than Minecraft?
I play Minecraft, lots of Minecraft.
Let's see, what did I do this week in Minecraft?
I think I finished my rail system.
Now we mentioned it on Bobby's show, but I don't think we mentioned it here.
Your Minecraft level is intricate.
You built a tunnel underneath the ocean, I don't even know how the hell you did that,
or underneath a lake.
You built a tunnel under the lake, and you have a glass ceiling on said tunnel, so that
you can look up and see the water.
And you built this entire tram system.
He built the deep run tram.
He did.
So when we are talking that Loki started playing Minecraft, we're not fucking around.
He is really into Minecraft.
And what's great is when I go into Loki's world, I can hear Nellie laughing in the background
whenever something stupid happens.
So she's got to be into this a little bit too, right?
She's not into it at all.
She keeps asking me, aren't you sick of this game yet?
What's the point of this game?
And I'm just like, there is no point.
It's just like Legos.
But yeah.
It's Legos.
For men!
And girls.
I have been playing Minecraft more than Call of Duty this week.
I did play Call of Duty though.
We finally got to check out the new, well they're maps technically for the new game
type face off, however you can use them for anything.
So we've been playing on them for just our deathmatch maps since we only have like two
to four people usually playing at a time.
Well three to four people.
But you know, it's perfect for what we use it for.
So we've been actually enjoying those quite a bit.
However one of the new maps, Ground, it's quite apparent that the spawn points in there
aren't that random.
And like there was one time I literally, I killed somebody and they spawned again right
in front of me.
So I knifed them to death and then they spawned again right in the next room.
It's like wow, that's pretty close.
See other things, well let's go back to Minecraft.
So the first thing I did in Minecraft this week is I explored the whole map, or as much
of the map as I could because I was looking for a spot to dig with dynamite.
And that's what I did.
Because I duped a bunch of dynamite and that kind of stuff.
We also made a portal to the Nether and went there and I got my glowstone and my, I don't
remember what it's called.
It's the dirt that's all in the ender that you can set on fire and that will burn forever.
So that's kind of cool.
And there's some other like sand, soul sand or something that makes people walk slow.
I don't really know what the point would that be for.
So I have that.
And then, oh so I started digging with dynamite and I did that and unfortunately I did make
it all the way down to the bedrock but I got killed by lava many, many, many times.
So I decided to go ahead and build a roof over the top of the giant hole that I made.
So I did that and now it's a glass top roof so you can walk over it and see this giant
hole all the way down to the bedrock.
And I'm slowly hollowing it out for I don't know what purpose.
I'm just doing it right now.
You should fill it with candy.
They don't have candy.
I can't fill it with candy yet.
That's why Minecraft isn't a 10.
It's only about a nine.
You should fill it with whatever those things that try to kill you are.
There's no, there's no, um, there's no coffee and there's no candy, but there are, well
see you're Jewish.
I was going to say there are pork chops, which is pretty exciting, but, oh yes, there is
cake.
Fill it, fill it with cake, fill it with cake and sheep.
Like throw sheep down the hole.
You apparently can, however, I don't know if you've noticed, if you pick up an egg,
have you tried throwing an egg?
It'll create a chicken.
Does it really?
No, I didn't try that.
You throw an egg, it creates a chicken.
So I've seen an actual video where someone took eggs, well see they probably didn't dupe
them like I would, but okay, let's say I duplicate all of them.
So I have stacks of 64 eggs and you put that in one of the dispensers, you maybe put those
in like say 10 dispensers or whatever, and you turn them all on and then all of a sudden
you have hundreds of chickens, which then I can automate a system to kill all of those
chickens.
Wait, are you talking about an automated death machine for chickens?
Yes, I've actually thought of that.
Nothing is safe.
I've thought of that for the pigs, but, and I actually built a trap to catch the pigs,
but it doesn't seem to work too well because they, when you sleep or whatever, the animals
respawn and they don't get, they don't stay in the pen that I made, which is kind of lame.
But yeah, then Bobby helped me dig out.
See basically I dug down in that initial cave system that I found until I got to the furthest
point away, and then I dug straight up into, he's all, you know you're digging into the
ocean dude.
I'm like, eh, we'll worry about that when we get to it, and so we did.
And ended up, it was kind of cool, I started by digging a hole up through the top.
Swam to the top, and then basically built a barrier around where my staircase was, and
you know, if you fill it in with anything, dirt or whatever, and then you dig it back
out again, the water's gone.
So that's how I did it.
I just dug to this, I basically created a stack, boxed it all in and filled it in and
dug it back out again.
And that's how I got a thing through the ocean.
Tacos.
And then I tried putting a glass top ceiling in one of the caves, you know, under the ocean.
And I kept drowning myself, though, when I did that, so I said, eh, fuck that, I'm not
doing that.
Now, at least.
So that's what I did.
I also played Pocket Edition, Pocket Edition's pretty fun.
More Minecraft.
My gaming week.
I didn't play a lot of new stuff, mostly because I've been content playing Diablo 3.
Mass Effect 3's got a big multiplayer thing going on this weekend, and I don't know what
made me think I would even remotely possibly hit that goal of promoting three people during
the weekend, but, you know, I thought I'd try.
And yeah, I don't think I've really played a lot else other than that in Minecraft.
A little bit of Minecraft, too, not as much as Matt.
And the stuff I build isn't nearly as intricate, but I'm just lucky if I can kind of get down
to finding lava without getting killed.
I think I'm going to try playing a little more often in peaceful mode.
All right.
So here's the part where I'm going to get judged by some people, and I'm going to get
congratulated by others.
I bought an iPad.
Yeah, I bought one of the new iPads, and, you know, I wanted one.
I'm really not going to give you any better reason than that.
I wanted one.
I'm in a slightly different position at work now where I might be doing some more travel-oriented
things again, and I thought the iPad would come in very handy for that because my laptop
is kind of getting a little bit old, and there is some stuff you can do with an iPad, and
some of that does include remote taping and broadcasting a podcast.
I've thought of that, too.
But in the meantime, before I get to all that busy, busy work stuff, I'm doing fun stuff
on the iPad, like playing games.
And one of the games that I got addicted to is Temple Run, and it's one of those games
that's really stupidly simple in design.
It's like one of the, the game itself could have been on the Atari 2600 for all I know.
It's like you swipe up to jump, you swipe down to slide, left and right to go left and
right, and the whole kitchen of the game is you're running fast to escape these monkeys
that if they catch you, they're going to eat you because I guess you took their treasure
or whatever.
And it's so, so, so simple and so stupid, yet it is so addicting, I can't stop playing
it.
So yeah, Temple Run's what I've been playing a lot on my iPad.
That's like the iPad go-to game right now.
And the screen's really pretty, you guys.
We were watching Archer.
I'm like, it's pretty for a cartoon.
Don't shake your head at me.
That's you judging me.
I can hear you.
I am.
So that was pretty much my week.
All right.
So a little bit of housekeeping, and then we're going to get into some news and so forth.
Housekeeping.
I want to mention, this got a little bit derailed in my eyes and in the eyes here in studio
because this whole VOG network thing happened in the past month and we were not able to
give our full attention to The Hunt going on on orangelandtrady.com.
Dark Tetsuya really put a ton of effort to make this like pseudo-game going on based
on, you know, Ready Player One, that book series, and he ran this whole virtual contest
where people had to like play and joust and find the hidden Easter egg screen in adventure
and just, you know, cute fun stuff.
You know, there was no point, no seriousness, just let's have fun on the internet.
And that's really what it was.
And it has a winner.
So I want to congratulate Orange Right won The Hunt this week.
So yay Orange Right, you win something.
We're going to send Orange Right something from OLR Studios.
I will find out if I get his address later.
I know he, do you mean that?
Cause I'll go.
All right, we're going to send Orange Right a lock of Dark Soccer's hair and something
else actually useful from OLR Studios.
I think I know what we can send him.
Some cat litter.
All right.
We're not sending him cat litter.
It's useful.
You can use cat litter for a whole bunch of stuff, Rob.
All right.
You know, if you spill oil, if oil drips from your car, you can put cat litter on it.
I think we have posters over there.
Just stop.
All right.
I'll send him a post.
Well, posters are kind of a bitch to mail.
I was thinking we have, we have a bunch of these little guys here, so I'll send him one
of these.
All right.
All right.
Um, I also, I know he's a Bamani fan and in the other room I have literally stacks and
stacks of promo CDs we were going to give away at live events.
We never did.
So I'm just going to put a bunch of those in a box and be all like, LOL, have fun.
And I think he'll get a kick out of that.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Second place.
You get nothing.
Sorry.
That's a tough life lesson learned.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
The other housekeeping thing I wanted to mention was that we will not be here live next week.
Sorry to say I am going to be at bucket of meat or Disneyland.
Um, so I have to make the most out of my past because the prices just went up and I, there's
no way I'm renewing at the end of the year.
So, uh, I am going this next week.
Um, so there will be no live show.
We are going to try to pre tape a show earlier in the week.
We just have to find something that, uh, blends with all of our schedules.
So I'm sorry, uh, live listeners, you won't have anything here, but think of, think of
it as fair because last week you got a show that the podcasters never heard.
So next week you're going to have to get the podcast show just like a lot of other people
do.
So that's next week's show.
I think that's it I have for housekeeping.
All right.
The other thing I have for housekeeping, um, we were supposed to be having an interview
right now with Susan from hacked on xbox.com.
Uh, unfortunately she's not online.
This is almost exactly what happened with mega ran a couple of weeks ago.
What is it about our show?
Are we, are we scary?
I don't know.
No, I don't.
You know what?
I was looking at her personal Twitter and it said something about, I got two hours of
sleep last night.
That was yesterday.
Oh, was it?
Oh, I thought it was today.
Well, you know, it is a busy weekend here in the States.
I don't know what's up.
You know, I don't take it personally.
You know, we did talk about it on Friday and I'm always the kind of person that's like,
if I don't write it down five times, I'm going to forget.
So for whatever reason, she's unfortunately not online.
If she shows up later, as we did with mega ran, we'll bring her on the show later.
I was going to use this interview to talk about something that's been going on in the
news this week.
Loki, hopefully you can talk about it instead since Susan's not here, but apparently there
was some stuff going on with the whole, we think we know how some accounts are getting
stolen.
Yeah.
So basically, um, Susan had actually put together, um, an article on her website talking about
how she kind of figured out, um, how some of this is going down.
Now I'm not sure how she came about the website.
I'm assuming just web searches because, you know, doing the same similar type of web search
was able to pull up, uh, the same information.
So basically what it was is she found out that it's not necessarily account hacking
that's going on.
It's basically jacking or, uh, the so-called hackers are social engineering, Microsoft
and other companies to get information, to recover your account on their system.
And it doesn't matter what sort of safe, um, you know, any sort of passwords, uh, questions,
whatever.
It doesn't matter cause they find a way to get that information from Microsoft or the
third party companies representing Microsoft customer service or whatever it is.
So they basically, there is this, um, it was on, uh, I'm trying to remember which website
it was now.
Um, picked it up and then it was originally on hacked on xbox.com and then Kotaku picked
it up.
Right.
And that's where it really kind of blew up.
Yeah.
Um, but basically the, the one of the websites, I can't remember what the original website,
um, that had this step by step information, uh, cause they actually had this like a tutorial
on how to do it cause this guy's like, Oh, I'm quitting hacking.
Well, yeah, it didn't now, now I had joked at the beginning of the show, Susan was kind
of the Nancy Drew of the gaming industry this week because she kind of got down to the bottom
of what exactly was going on.
But part of the way she did that was that I guess turned remorseful Jackers, game tag
Jackers.
I shouldn't just say remorseful Jackers.
I could be talking about other stuff.
Game tag Jackers actually contacted her and I don't know, I told her how it was.
I don't even think they contact her.
I think it was just a post that happened that she happened to run across on this website.
And um, cause I actually, I remember reading it, I couldn't view it because it was basically
one of those underground forums, whatever that you have to be, you have to be invited
to.
But however, one of those people that normally are entities that gets invited to any website
would be a Google, you know, bot that happened to cash the page and that pops up in the preview
and you can read information from there.
Um, so basically, you know, the, you know, they talk about what, you know, the strategy
to do it.
First you go to xbox.com, you click support and basically at the bottom of the page there's
a contact us stuff.
Um, on that page you click the email us link and then xbox live and then you basically
at that point they, um, impersonate an employee of Microsoft.
So they put, you know, an email address at Microsoft.com, they put the agent's name,
somebody that they, I guess, talk to, they could, you know, call up customer service
and hi, blah, blah, blah, my name is blah, blah, blah.
They write it down, you know, and they go through this web form.
Um, you put the customer and basically they, you fill out like a little note to them, you
know, customer and you put the name, you know, verified the 16 digit, um, credit card number.
He has made an inquiry and about how he has forgotten his accounts information.
Since I am tier, I am a tier one agent, I am unable to view the customer's gamertag.
He has requested to have an answer change to, and then, you know, you put some realistic
answer I guess for the question, uh, the xbox slave gamertag is, and you put the gamertag
down, um, you know, and then the person's name is supposedly contacting them that you're
spoofing.
So basically they're working it by because Microsoft is so big and there's so many departments
that don't talk to each other, essentially they're impersonating department to department.
They're impersonating the many branches of Microsoft in order to get your gamertag and
there ain't shit you can do about it except don't put a credit card on xbox.
Yeah, there's really nothing you could do about it because they're literally going and
finding the answers to your, you know, the questions that you put down.
Even if you put down, you know, which city were you born in and you put down Abraham
Lincoln or something like that, they can still get the answer to it and they're basically
changing it to whatever they want.
Um, now unfortunately, you know, one of the things I want to ask Susan tonight from hacked
on xbox.com and I got to hand it to the chatters at a vog network.com.
SGA 100 Matt says, even the best show hosts get canceled on Carson Letterman have been
canceled on too.
And what up?
G says, when the interview comes on, it should be good even late.
And I agree.
And hopefully maybe she forgot it was Memorial day weekend.
I don't know.
But anyway, uh, we'll, we'll hopefully get her on next week.
Yeah.
There's always another time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll figure something out.
But anyway, one thing I want to ask her about was that apparently Microsoft responded via
Kotaku to her, to her report.
Did you see that?
Yes.
They basically said, um, well, you can't do this anymore.
Well, okay.
I don't really see.
They're basically, you know, um, yeah, I thought it was irritating because they really tried
to poopoo her story and it, it kind of pissed me off because it's kind of like, well, you
never Microsoft, you never acknowledged that this was happening.
And now you're trying to poopoo it like, well, you can't do it anymore.
And I understand that Microsoft certainly to save their image, doesn't want to admit
that they had a problem, but at the same time being that they are, I mean, they are on the
stock market.
Yes.
They're a publicly traded company, right?
Yeah.
Isn't there some sort of responsibility that they should be reporting this shit's happening?
Yeah.
And they basically said, okay, here's what their Microsoft or Kotaku asked for comment
from them.
And they're all, their response was, there are several or there are several different
methods malicious users employed to gain unauthorized access to accounts.
Social engineering is one of them.
We are aware of vulnerabilities that social engineering pose and continue to address these
through tools and training to help our members, um, uh, keep our members safe and secure.
Well, right there, that sounds like tools and train their members.
It sounds like us.
They're teaching us how to not be social engineered, which cool, but that doesn't really seem to,
you know, apply to us because we're not the ones being contacted by these people.
It's your customer service reps.
Here's another thing I really wanted to get into as much as I respect what Susan's done
this week and what she's been able to find out and put out what needed to be out there
on the internet.
She put out what people needed to hear this week and I so respect her for that.
I don't think it is the sole reason this stuff is happening.
Now I'm having a hard time remembering when I was hacked.
I think it was about six months ago at this point.
I seem to recall my password was never changed, which would tell me that this didn't happen
to me because they're resetting your password in this, right?
I don't think that they're resetting your password actually.
Really?
Yeah.
Cause I took away from it that they're trying to get into your security questions that they
can reset your password.
Not necessarily.
So here, here's what it is.
Okay.
So, so it starts off, they send the inquiry about the security question via email and
then, um, obviously they're not going to your response because you know, they're not at
that email that you call up Xbox, um, 30 minutes later.
And uh, after the ants, after the answer, you say that you got disconnected from a tier
two agent and asked to be transferred back.
So they transfer you to a tier two agent.
You give them the number, the one that you wrote, um, the one that you, I guess your
customer, so they act like they have, what was it?
Um, once they pull it up, say, um, they'll say it'll take a little while to change it.
Uh, call back, say you forgot your email, but you know what the security question or
the secret question answer is and they will ask for your gamer tag and um, answer them
and they will give you the email.
So now, um, so I guess, uh, let's see here.
So basically now you have their email and I guess their security question, I'm not really
sure how, I guess I don't know if that allows you to change it immediately.
I thought they would send you a, maybe I just want to deny, deny, deny.
Just like I want to deny that I couldn't have been phished either.
You know, I just, maybe I'm just being a little hard headed, but I kind of think like, why
would someone want my account?
I mean, granted, maybe I, although I don't think I have much of a public face, I have
a public face thanks to this podcast nonetheless.
So maybe some a-hole out there wanted it.
I don't know why they used it to play FIFA 13 though.
I don't, I don't think it's necessarily that they're, they're saying there's a few reasons
why they have our accounts get hacked.
One is the original gamer tag, which means, um, you know, you have a gamer tag that's
like, you know, awesome or, you know, which I don't, I don't think I have a name people
want.
Yeah.
So it's not necessarily that.
Or, um, sometimes accounts get hacked because you're, you know, you're a member of live
for X number of years.
That could be that I would agree.
I don't know why zone one account for that, but, but I, okay, but the other, sorry, but
the other thing I have friends who were hacked that hadn't touched their Xbox in years and
it's just, it's not clicking for me.
They can just, they can just probably find random people.
Maybe there's try it on one or another.
Perhaps it's a given the amount of time has gone since it's been used.
It makes it an easy target because it's someone less likely to check.
I feel like this story has blown a hole in it, but it hasn't still yet shown us everything
that's going on.
Let me quickly go to the chat room because there's some good comments here from the chat
room.
Uh, DJ Morpheus from under station live Saturday nights here on VOG says, has anyone considered
the possibility if there is inside help within the Xbox call centers for the Jackers?
That's a scary thought, isn't it?
But it's not unheard of.
It is not unheard of.
Well, here's an example.
When I worked for, um, the, uh, mortgage service or I used to work for one of our clients had
a bunch of information stolen by one of their employees stealing a laptop.
Wow.
And it had something like, um, I want to say, uh, 3000, uh, bank account information, new
bank accounts.
So just saying it happens within companies.
It does.
It does.
You know, I work in the insurance industry and there's laws set in place to prosecute
people who use the information that they find in malicious ways because, you know, imagine
if you could access a celebrity's medical records, the things that might happen there,
you know, but there's, there's laws in place to protect everybody.
Like with my job now, I have, I run into the same thing, you know, with inspections.
Yeah.
Let me, uh, let me read this comment from ACDEF in our chat room as well, cause I like
this too at vognetwork.com ACDEF says, let me put it this way.
PlayStation network handled their hacking issue horribly, but they handled it nonetheless.
Steam handled their forums being hacked really well and keep, kept the users informed of
and users of what was happening.
Microsoft handling the Xbox live jackings is non-existent, which is worse of what Sony
did.
And, uh, DJ Morpheus added to that, remember this is Microsoft.
They never admit issues until necessary.
Look at Vista and how it was a disaster and ACDEF said, yeah, pretty much what I'm saying.
Microsoft denying the whole issue is worse than what Sony did.
And we're talking that Sony didn't handle the problem that well to begin with.
And I've said this for months now, as much as we give Sony shit and yes, they do deserve
quite a bit of shit over what happened and you know, kind of how they made themselves
a target and everything.
Although we give them shit, at least they said what was going on and they did take their
network down when it was a problem.
And you know, most of all, they never had money actually stolen.
Yet here we are on Xbox this much later and we're still hearing stories about how it's
done.
And you go to that website hacked on xbox.com.
It is still happening.
If you have not changed your password on Xbox live in the past six months, you are a fool
to not do it.
Now, if you do not change your password on Xbox live, you have sat through all of these
stories and it's still not changed your Xbox live password.
You are a fool and I wish you the best of luck.
Now that I paraded everybody, hopefully that wasn't anybody actually listening and let
you know, I should go change my password right now.
I forgive you if it's the first time you've ever heard me ranting, maybe you didn't think
to change it before, but if you've been sitting here for the past six months and you still
haven't changed it, you're, you're, you're just asking for it.
I've done mine twice since then cause I routinely change my passwords every three months.
Well, here's the weird thing too, and this actually just came up in the past week and
a half.
I got an email or I tried to log into xbox.com or something and it made me change my password.
But it wasn't a reset or something.
It was some type of somebody's been trying to log into your account too many times.
You better change your password.
And so that made me, you know, the first thing I went to my bank account to make sure no
more money had been stolen or any of that crap is going on.
But they, you know, I looked in the game history of they've been in there, been able to play
anything.
Thankfully, no, um, no one actually got in there, but it made me go, they're still fucking
trying.
All right.
Anyhow.
Anyways, there was hackforms.net is where this stuff originated from.
They have the whole priv7 how to jack any xbox account.
That's where all that information was from on her website.
All right.
Well, I'm hoping, um, you know, we can get her on here to tell us more about the story
about how she found it and you know, kind of her opinions really having heard so many
of these stories on what Microsoft should do.
But we'll have to get that in a later week.
All right.
For now, let's get into the rest of the week's news.
We're going to start off with a repeat from last week because this, this still hasn't
really broken, right?
No, it hasn't broken yet.
All right.
So sorry, live listeners, you're going to be hearing this for the second time, but for
the podcasters, let's, let's take it away.
So this is a kind of neat, um, we figured out, uh, who the lead character is going to
be for dead rising three, or at least who will be voicing said lead character for dead
rising three.
Um, that individual is actor, uh, George Diaz.
George Diaz, in case you're not familiar with that name is, uh, done quite a few things.
Um, one of being, uh, the brothers Garcia, which was a TV series, um, back in early two
thousands.
Uh, also recently was in, um, was it Love Concord, um, which is kind of like a video
game-ish movie, but, um, this is directly actually from him, um, kind of long story
short how we kind of came about that.
I had a coworker who was actually talking to him about Love Concord, um, you know, cause
he's kind of big in the indie stuff and actually, um, saw, you know, the friends of my coworker,
um, had, you know, friend of his Facebook or whatever.
Say, Hey, um, so by the way, man, uh, tell your friend, um, who liked this post that
I'm the new face of dead rising three lol.
I saw he works for, um, for video games, the trailer should be coming out soon in the next
month or two.
It's crazy.
They sent me to this place called Mova in San Francisco, insane technology.
They did Benjamin Button.
Looks so real.
I'll post it on here when they give it to me.
Um, just real quick.
Are you sure the name's not Jorge?
Who starts with the T?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, it's Jorge.
But okay.
Just making sure.
Jorge Diaz.
Jorge Diaz.
Um, and he'll get a kick out of it.
So, um, kind of neat.
It's actually, I mean, if you go go look up Jorge Diaz on Facebook, you can actually see
said post.
Um, but yeah, uh, I guess we'll see that in, um, uh, well, when they talk a little bit
about during E3 and also kind of goes back to the rumor about the plot for dead rising
three where it's supposed to be this, uh, auto mechanic and there was supposed to be,
um, you know, an LA and sort of this, you know, illegal immigrant spin thing on there
where they have these aliens, um, that they're trying to smuggle across borders.
But the aliens are actually a little controversy to, uh, let's, let's use something, uh, politically
buzz worthy to try and sell more copies.
That's taste.
Yeah.
And the aliens would be these, uh, or illegals they call them, um, would be a group of infected
people that aren't ready.
They're literally illegal aliens because they're silly.
All right.
Anyway, whatever.
Um, but it also confirms dead rising three basically because every Capcom has not confirmed
dead rising three.
Everything out there is speculation.
Yes.
So they will be announcing dead rising three at E3 for sure.
That'll probably be one of like Xbox or playstations things.
Sure.
Sure.
So there you go.
No Frank West or the other guy.
No, of course not.
Okay.
Yet.
Until DL.
No man.
Like Frank West.
Yeah, dead rising two off the record bond.
So well, because I think a lot of people will kind of saw it as a, I think a lot of people
saw it for what it was.
It was a cheap attempt to try and get dead rising two more popularity when it just should
have been there to begin with.
You know what I mean?
I think people are starting to call Capcom out on a lot of this shit and it's kind of
fun to watch like watching a soap opera a little bit and it's just, Hey, just like,
you know, all the on disc DLC for street fighter cross Tekken and dragon dog, dragon's dog.
Let's talk Minecraft.
I bet Loki will be excited about this.
I bet you never thought this would be something happening on OLR Minecraft segment.
All right.
We used to talk about Minecraft updates all the time.
I will have, you know, okay, here, here we go.
No, this is some serious Minecraft news.
Um, Xbox live arcade.
What game is being played the most online?
Well it's still modern warfare three, but Minecraft has now edged out call of duty black
ops for the number two spot.
This is a game that's been out a month, not even, not even.
That's pretty and online completely.
Can't buy it in stores.
That's pretty impressive.
There is supposedly an adventure update thing coming to Minecraft, Xbox live arcade eventually.
Now I guess the next update for Minecraft is going to be 1.7.3, which will add pistons
into the game, which is awesome.
That's the next thing that Xbox is slated to get, but at some point 1.8, which was the
adventure update on the PC that will be coming to Xbox live arcade, uh, the quote from four
J studios.
They're the ones who ported the game for Xbox live arcade.
There are no big architecture changes with the move to 1.7.3 so it's been quite straightforward.
The move to 1.8.2 is much more challenging.
We are working with Daniel Kaplan at Mojang to define what is going in the Xbox version,
but the aim is to include as many of the PC features that make sense on the Xbox as possible.
The game isn't Minecraft on the Xbox.
It's Minecraft Xbox 360 edition.
So it isn't really a direct port of the PC game.
That's kind of them as I'm trying to weave these tangled words of, we didn't promise
you everything, but I got to say it's still, you know, especially for somebody who's new
to the whole damn thing like me, it's still pretty impressive and I'll be looking forward
to these updates.
So there you go.
This update, by the way, the endermen, those are the ones that you can't make direct eye
contact with.
Right?
Oh, Alan was showing me one of those guys and I thought creepers were scary.
Good Lord.
Uh, new kinds of building materials, a new mode called creative mode and some changes
to combat mechanics.
And that'll be the patch where you're going to have to eat food to survive.
Although I imagine there'll still be a casual mode that won't have that element in it.
So Minecraft sales figures, 6 million sold on the PC, 9 million across all platforms
when you factor in Xbox, Android, and iOS, maybe 9.2 million.
That's according to Daniel Kaplan with, uh, Mojang has a lot.
That's a lot, especially considering I don't think the iOS and I can't imagine those sold
a lot.
I mean, I don't think in the millions, maybe a million a pop.
I mean, the Xbox ones probably sold at least a million and a half at this point.
So I, well, they said they were profitable within 10 hours.
That's that is, this is, this is the type of thing that they're going to look back on
in 10 years and be all like, Hey, remember in the 2010s when people played Minecraft,
just like we kind of look back and go, Hey, remember the pet rock, you know, I think it'll
be that whole thing where it's still, um, I just have a feeling that like Lego is just
kicking themselves going, damn it.
We could have done something like this.
Like we could have so done something like this.
You're going to see this on VH1 in 10 years.
Michael Ian Black commenting on VH1's I love the 10s anymore.
I love the 10s.
Remember Minecraft?
Remember when we used to have this show, do countdowns of decades and stuff and just stopped.
All right, so there you go.
That's, that's what's going on in Minecraft world.
So dark soccer, if you want to talk about a different game, now would be a good chance.
Well, I said, if people want me to play the damn game, they need to buy it for me on PC.
That's cute.
You live in a world, you think you live in a world where that will happen.
That means I don't have to play it.
No, no, don't even try to get out of it like that.
You can download the classic version completely free on their website, but I don't want the
classic version.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I've tried it.
The terms have changed.
I've tried it because I want to see what all this, you know, neat crap is, but it's not
worth it to me unless I'm playing for free because you know, I'm cheap that way.
So how about some Star Wars?
There's going to be a new Star Wars franchise unveiled next week.
Ooh.
And it's a bold vision.
Ooh.
And we don't know what the crap it is, but it's going to be on GTTV.
So good.
That's on Thursday.
What it was said though is that it actually had a pretty high caliber team on it and it's
going to be very bold, very bold, but we don't know what it is.
So I mean, hopefully it's going to be better than the MMO because the MMO is losing people
and it really wasn't all that great that I saw.
I'm not impressed by it except I do kind of like the alignment change thing, but that's
about it.
That's really about it.
Yay.
It's going to be a new Battlefront series and that sounds awesome.
You think?
I think so.
That would be worth it.
They're just going to call it something different.
How about, you know, how about a return to like the, um, uh, super Nintendo style side
scroller games?
That would be rad.
Yeah, that'd be cool.
But, and of course a lot of times when I think about Lucas art, I think about the point and
click adventure games from back in the day, like loom and Indiana Jones and shit.
So how about a fucking like, you know, Hey, tell tales kind of, you know, made that industry
like cool again with the whole walking deads doing very well.
Right.
Since they're already on a star Wars game like that, since they're already, you know,
stealing from Blizzard, why don't they just keep doing it and do like a Diablo style,
you know, play like that since they're already, I'm sorry, borrowing from Blizzard.
I am with dark Tetsuya in our chat room at vognetwork.com as long as it's not Han Solo's
dance party for the connect.
You know what Han Solo's dance party would be?
Him shooting people.
The end.
Uh, God, I just, I hope they don't make a sequel to that game cause it was terrible.
It probably sold okay, but man, it was a terrible game.
Speaking of terrible, there's been some terrible things going on at 38 studios and big, huge
games.
They've laid off their entire staff.
Apparently, uh, kingdoms of Amalur wasn't doing very well and, um, they owed a lot of
money to Rhode Island, you know, they had a, basically they were supposed to be paying
back $50 million and, uh, of the $75 million loan that they got from Rhode Island.
And you know, their franchise wasn't worth very much.
Um, kingdoms of Amalur reckoning didn't sell like they had hoped it would.
They needed to sell 3 million units to break even and they only sold about 700,000.
So, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wasn't there a tweet that something like they had sold 1.2 million or something or was that
like shipped versus sold and that whole clever math that we see in the gaming industry?
Honestly, I don't know when that update was, but it sold well under 3 million units, that's
for sure.
Um, I mean, that stuff takes time, but not enough time to repay their debts.
And it's just, there was a whole bunch of, uh, just terrible stuff going on there.
I was reading things, uh, oh yeah, 1.22 million units in the first 90 days is what they said.
Um, but also like I heard stuff where some of the employees that were relocated to work
for this company, oh, by the way, you know, that house that we bought for you, um, yeah,
we never paid for it.
So you've got, we took a second mortgage out on your home to see, you know, yeah, I heard
about that mortgage now.
Yeah, that sucks.
And that kind of stuff can really fuck your credit.
I mean, that's, that's the really sad thing about this, you know, but hooray to the gaming
industry for at least trying to, you know, cause usually you think of the gaming industry
and it's, you know, you think of the people on Xbox live, you know, fuck, fuck, fuck,
fag, fag, fag, you know.
And also, I mean, considering that there was almost 380 employees at 38 studios, um, so
they, you know, people on Twitter have been kind of rallying, um, to, you know, with 38,
the hashtag, uh, 38 jobs, also Facebook group, um, 38 jobs.
And they've got, you know, people including like Alex Rubens, um, you know, game journalist
and he's been, you know, collecting like a stuff into a Google doc with all these different
studios with openings and stuff.
And there's also job fairs going on in their area and they're kind of letting these people
know.
Uh, he might be a listener of the show because him and I have followed each other on Twitter
for a while.
And so I actually kind of saw his tweets about that when he was putting it together, his
whole Google docs thing.
And I thought that was a really cool idea.
So props to him.
I'm glad you're getting your, especially cause I know he's an aspiring game journalist.
This is a good thing.
You know, good begets good.
You know what I mean?
So good for him.
Yeah.
Um, so yeah, it's, it's a terrible situation, uh, thankfully though they're a talented group
of people and so they should hopefully be able to find work pretty quick.
And God, I mean, that's just, I don't know.
Now that's not good.
SSJ 100, Matt has taken the cheap shot in our chat room at vog network.com that a lot
of people have been taking Kurt Schilling always been a douche.
So I had a clever retort.
Okay.
What is your retort young lady?
The douches keep girl bits clean, so how's that bad?
Well look, whatever he is, um, uh, he's apparently not the best businessman in the world.
Uh, we can certainly say that.
So I mean, what about the repercussions that are being felt for, you know, the fact that
his name basically got a state to believe in his company enough to give them this huge
loan that now they're going to have to eat.
I mean, what's the longterm repercussion of this?
You think, well, taxpayers are going to have to pay for it.
And I think they estimated it was like a over a hundred million dollars that the taxpayers
would be accountable for.
I want to say it was like 112 in chains or something like that, but, um, yeah, it sucks.
Rhode Island's not a big state.
That's that's a lot of money.
A dungeon buster in our chat room says Amalur wasn't that bad of a game, but the timing
for its release couldn't get out from Skyrim shadow, which I mean, I don't know what a
lot of people are going to do Skyrim by the time they come out.
I wouldn't blame Skyrim because it was a few months after Skyrim.
I would blame Mass Effect 3 because it came out literally like three weeks before Mass
Effect 3.
Well, not even that, but maybe it's just me and the fact that I don't watch a lot of TV
or when I do, I watch it without commercials.
I hadn't really heard a lot about this game, which, you know, considering I do this show,
you'd think be honest.
It's the first I've ever heard of it.
Right.
Maybe that's a problem.
Well, it is a problem considering it's EA, the one publishing it and they usually pimp
the shit out of their games.
Um, I mean, I heard about it and stuff and they, I saw, you know, they had a demo and
I didn't really see any TV advertisement for it.
But then again, I don't watch a lot of TV, so I mean, it's possible that they had stuff
for it.
Um, but it's not like, you know, Madden or something that you'd spend a lot of money
on it.
Uh, Phantasm, our chairman says reckoning had a bad release window with Skyrim and Mass
Effect 3.
Is it possible that the game just released at a bad time?
I, once again, I'm not going to blame Skyrim.
Skyrim was two months before it, but what about could contribute, but I think there
might be other factors.
What about just the fact that maybe the month it released usually isn't a big month for
games, especially maybe they should have held it off till summer because those first few
weeks really do make or break your game.
You know what I'm going to blame?
I'm going to blame the fucking online pass because it was a game that had an online,
they literally called it an online pass for a game that had no online component.
Oh, that's right.
That was this.
They had no online component, but the online pass, they literally called an online pass
was just, you know, bonus DLC.
Yeah, that didn't help.
So I mean, just call it bonus DLC, you know, then if you don't buy it at launch, you don't
get the bonus DLC and all you can do is go, well, damn, I should have bought the game
at launch.
I mean, I don't see how that's a bad thing at all.
And instead of calling it an online pass, oh, you got to pay this extra money to get
online and download this extra DLC.
I don't really know what the spin was on that, but all right, well, continuing with things
that might, um, drive the gaming industry further into a hole, um, you've got to hear
about this patent that was discovered this week.
Sony Computer Entertainment America or SCA filed for this patent in 2011.
It usually takes a little time for these patents to be found.
So yes, it's an older patent, but it's just being found now.
Um, the patent was for an advertising system where a game will be suspended during play
for an advertisement to come up.
Then the game will continue.
Think of it, excuse me, think of it like how TV commercials interrupt your show, Hulu,
or Hulu ads would be proceeded by a warning and a slow down of gameplay with another warning
displayed when gameplay is about to resume.
So it's kind of like ad incoming.
Everything's low.
Bye Pepsi.
Oh, okay.
Let's get back into the game.
Yeah, seriously, that, that reminds me of Mr. Sensei with 2000 movie sign.
Um, now just because they filed the patent doesn't mean it will be implemented.
It's just, you know, again, patents are to kind of protect ideas or what have you, which
is weird because I thought I, I thought IOS games did this shit already.
Doesn't word with friends kind of do something like this where you play and then you get
mad.
If you have the free version, yeah, if you, I have the paid version of words with friends
that never does that crap to me.
I don't know, would this be terrible if it was to support like free full console games?
Like for example, ad supported stuff like for, you know, say I want to get a little
big planet too and it, I can add supported version that stops gameplay once in a while
to pimp me Pepsi or something.
I would probably, I'd probably just want to buy the regular game, which is what they want
you to do in the first place, but they can make more ad revenue.
If this shit pops up in a fucking retail game, I'm not fucking buying that.
This was in wipeout as well, wasn't it sorta, sorta.
I mean, it didn't really pause gameplay, but it doesn't like the loading screens.
Well, that's one thing if they have it as a, as something that's not gonna be obtrusive,
you know, if it's not gonna interrupt your gameplay, I don't so much have a problem with
it.
I'm cool with the billboards and racing games, but I think that if they're doing this as
a way to bring in more revenue, they need to decrease the price of the game.
Absolutely.
Now, Brad from Pod Culture is in our chat room and says, don't effing get me started
on patents.
Had my phone delayed in customs a week or so ago because of a BS Apple patent.
Well, you know, a lot of folks are saying the patent industry in this country is really
screwed up right now.
And it's a lot of just offensive and defensive maneuvers.
Remember when Twitter came out and said, we have all of these patents, they actually put
out a press release that said, we have acquired all these patents and we only plan to use
them defensively.
Like, it's a fucking game of chess.
That's what the patent industry in this country has become.
So, yeah, maybe Sony is not even going to do anything with this.
It's just, we just want to, you know, defend ourselves against when somebody tries to call
us on it or something weird to throw my political two cents into it.
This is what happens when you allow certain businesses to go deregulated DJ Morpheus is
in our chat room and gives us an example of what could come to a PlayStation game near
you.
We'll return you to your blood carnage marathon game after this message from some feminine
yeast infection product.
Could be that would be freaking hilarious actually that I could support just for the
comic value alone, because I'd want to see a reaction videos to that on the interwebs
be hilarious.
Now maybe this is related news, but Sony online entertainment or SOE has announced a free
to play game called bullet run.
It's a revamped game from Acony games or this head head head one or head in was the game
with a new title.
H-E-D-O-N-E.
Head one.
Yeah.
Had one.
Could be heading.
I don't know.
But this is the bullet run is now kind of the new version of this.
And you can see this at bullet run the game.com.
It's a free to play shooter.
It has a reality show premise to it.
So, you know, reality show killing sprees are all the rage right now, thanks to hunger
games.
So I guess this is kind of like the hunger games, but with like commandos and stuff like
that.
So, uh, there you go.
The developers known for such games as APB and battle forge, meaning they haven't had
a lot of luck so far, but maybe this will be it.
And maybe this will make Sony money because, Oh, I'm about to score a headshot on my opponent
and have you tried summers Eve?
Speaking of douches.
It'd be funnier.
It's just relative to the conversation.
Yes.
It'd be funnier if it was in max pain three bullet time advertisement, bullet time over
advertisement gone.
Interesting.
Tiger call on our chat room says, and you know, those ads that appear in billboards
and games and such, they actually find ways to block those ads from loading in games.
You know, that ad that pops up on the Xbox live dashboard, there's a little tweak you
can make the blocks it.
So it doesn't load.
I seem to remember reading something about that once where it's like on your router,
you block a certain domain or something.
It's never have to see that shit.
You basically, you redirect, um, certain IPs to your local domain so that it doesn't pop.
Doesn't load those things up.
Um, but yeah, I mean you could do that.
It would be, it depends, but you would all, you would be, you'd be interrupted with a
blank screen instead.
You know what my favorite way of getting rid of ads is?
I'm not giving a fuck.
Ignore it.
How about that?
Don't give a fuck.
Or just don't.
I mean, this is the day, age of the internet.
You're going to know when there's going to be some source software out there that has
ads in it.
It's getting me out of fucking blocks.
Hey, can you imagine this next, uh, God of War game has fucking ads for like, you know,
subway in the middle, middle of the damn game.
Are you out of fucks to give?
Try new Folgers instant coffee.
It will perk you right back up.
You'll have plenty of fucks.
This is my thing.
If it's free or a very inexpensive service, I don't really care about if there's ads.
You know, if it keeps the costs low or free, fine.
That's great.
You know, if, and then offer, you know, a paid option if you don't want to see the ads.
That's, you know, that I think is fair.
But when you've already paid the money for the game, that's, I think, and then you have
your game interrupted, that's a little too far.
I'm with you.
If that and the micro transaction stuff, the Facebook style game in your $60 game, that
shit pisses me the fuck off.
They're going to keep doing it because they can charge $60 for a game and someone's going
to pay for it and then they'll just watch the game.
If they charge 20 bucks for the game.
That's why there's going to be another video game industry crash.
Wait.
If they pay, now if they charge $20 for a game and then had, I refuse to use the word,
had individual transactions within the game, that I could understand a little bit more
because then you're paying for the cost of development.
You're paying for the cost of advertising and you're paying for the shipping.
So you're a supporter of Ridge Racer for the Vita, which was basically a $30 game that
came with nothing.
It was basically a six, six, no, I'm sorry, six cars, three tracks.
That game can ask my D. You know what?
I paid two bucks for Bust Move and I paid for all the maps, all the puzzles.
I ended up spending six bucks on that game.
You have a two versus 30 is a huge difference, but I'm saying as an example, all right, going
to our, a couple more comments from chat and then we'll move on shadow next gen in our
chat room at vog network.com says too much effort for something that really doesn't mean
anything.
And I believe that's in regards to blocking the ads.
A Sep when says, I don't have a problem with ads when they fit like ads in a sports game
that look like the ads you see at a real game.
Yeah, believe it or not, I don't, I don't give a shit about those at all.
It kind of adds to the experience really.
It makes it more realistic.
I mean, it really does.
Um, YouTube ads, however, Infinel says stupid ads like on X-Box dashboard make me want to
avoid that product or service.
Here's what you do.
I don't know if I go that far with it.
Here's what you do.
Add people, and this is pure ad genius right here.
You make a fighting game, Allah smash brothers or you know, Sony mascot battle rail where
they're calling it.
Um, and you just make it with the mascots from those advertisements and there you go.
It's one big ad that actually fits within the game.
There were a whole games around mascots.
Remember like the yonoid and cool spot and exactly and I'm saying make kids, but you
know what people and how about like Burger King did with their little sneak king and
all of that.
I saw a copy of sneak king at the flea market yesterday and I almost bought it.
Where the fuck is my goddamn connect games Burger King.
I've been waiting.
It's so may connect.
That's good advertising.
I think that is clever.
Those Burger King games were one of the best things I've seen actually.
I mean, although the games were stupid, I mean just the fact that they even made them
is quite astounding.
All right, quickly, I want to read this comment from chat and then we need to move on for
time.
Blender in our chat room says I bought a subway sandwich for the uncharted three freebies.
I got to say that was a really good promotion too.
It really was.
Yeah.
I bought a subway sandwich for those uncharted three freebies as well and they didn't give
up to me.
Yeah, but that's, that's your individual subways fault.
I've been like multiple subways for the stew.
I've been getting like the large, you know, they're all, yeah, by a large drink and you
get code for some battleship thing.
I have yet to get a fucking code and like five different subways, a battleship thing.
It's like for money.
I don't know, but it's, it's tying it with the movie, but not one of them.
I get it.
I get it because, because they're sub sandwiches.
Congratulations.
You figured it out.
That movie is gonna be such a sink.
I saw the best article on, oh no, they didn't, which is one of my favorite websites on the
entire internet.
It was an article that was just, here is the complete bits of dialogue that Rihanna had
in the movie battleship.
Oh my God.
It was just, it was great.
Anyway, let's move on.
Video game news.
How about something that's actually cool?
Less battleship.
Yes.
Let's move on to the Jima news.
There's been some artwork revealed for a particular game that I know a lot of people are super
excited about.
You know what that is?
No.
A new zone of the Enders.
It's the Enders project is in an experimental phase and he's trying to develop the game
using the Fox engine.
So hopefully we can see this out before too long.
Right now though, it's supposed to be a fully fledged sequel to Zone of the Enders, the
second runner.
And so hopefully we can see that out before too long.
And there's also been plenty of artwork tweeted by people who were at the press event.
I'd like to see a new zone of the Enders game.
That would be fun.
Yep.
And this event actually was specific for the Zone of the Enders HD collection.
What's up with all these HD collections?
People are buying them.
That's what's up with them.
Alright, let's travel around the world and look at some games that are going to be coming
out a whole lot sooner, as in this week as we travel the world with release dates.
Loki, US.
There's not a whole lot coming out this week.
I mean, some re-releases I guess, or I don't know.
We've got Batman Arkham City Game of the Year edition, which is coming out this week, on
PS3 and Xbox 360, with that wonderful Harley Quinn's Revenge DLC and crap thrown in.
Hey!
I like how they talk about...
I know people genuinely excited about that, and I gotta say, it sounds pretty robust.
I'm into it.
Robust.
Like Catwoman.
It's robust.
Bust.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Let's see, other fun things this week, Dear Drive, Legends on the 3DS.
Get your deer hunting on in 3D.
Atelier Maruru, The Apprentice of Arland on PlayStation 3 this week.
Resistance, Burning Skies on the Vita.
Might have to check that out.
That looks pretty neat.
There's not a whole lot this week.
A lot of it getting cancelled.
Max Payne 3.
That's right.
The first is this Friday.
Max Payne 3, Special Edition and the Regular Edition on PC coming out as well.
And that's it.
Alright, let's travel to Japan.
Check out the games that are coming out over there in Japan on the Nintendo 3DS.
I don't think there's a Disney game this week, but for some reason a bunch of character cases
are coming out.
So if you've ever wanted to stitch character case, import one from Japan, because there's
a bunch of those coming out there from Hori.
Must tie in to Dream Drop Distance somehow, it must.
But what is coming out on the 3DS, this is kind of a big deal.
Dragon Quest Monsters, Terry No Wonderland 3D.
So it's not in the main series of Dragon Quest games, but still it carries the name.
It is from Square Enix, so it will be a little bit of a deal there.
Guild 01 from level 5 comes out as well.
That's all again on the Nintendo 3DS this week.
Taking a look at the other handheld real quick, the Vita, nothing this week.
The next big game is Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Battle Destiny on June the 7th.
Taking a look at the consoles real quick on the Playstation 3, Atelier Meru Alchemist
of Arland 3 gets a price drop into the best collection.
That's also Atelier Rorona gets that same price drop.
Coming out from Sega this week, Jisen Pachi Slot Hishihoho Hokuto no Ken F Sekimatsu Kaishu
Seisu Densetsu, it's basically another Pachino game, Pachinko, Pachinko game.
Not like Al Pachinko.
I heard legend in there somewhere.
Yeah, it's a Sega Pachinko game.
That's what you get.
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13, but that is in English, but it's getting a Japanese release.
And hey, Portal 2 gets a price reduction, so if you want to hear what GLaDOS sounds
like in Japanese, there you go.
Lastly in the Xbox 360 in Japan this week, Portal 2 gets that same price reduction, and
that's really it.
How about the UK, Darkstalker?
Three things.
Mad Riders for Xbox 360 and Resistance Burning Skies for Vita on the 30th, and then we have
on June 1st, Max Payne 3 for PC.
That's about it.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the
week.
But first, Loki.
Ah, yes.
Um, so let's talk a little bit about, this is kind of funny, uh, Kinect.
They have new technology now, new technology, where they can detect you sitting down.
That's right, Kinect Software Development Kit Update 1.5 now features the ability to
Kinect with you sitting on the couch.
And uh...
Now, it can't tell if I'm wearing pants or not, right?
Because you know I have this legit fear about the Kinect, that if I, you know, it's my house,
I'll do what I want, and if I'm sitting in front of the Xbox 360 not wearing pants and
playing Minecraft, I don't want that image broadcast to the internet, and I have this
fear in the back of my mind.
I put a little box in front of the Kinect when I don't want to be seen by the internet.
Um, yeah, they don't have that ability in here.
It's not one of the listed features, but uh, other fun stuff, they've got a development
kit for face tracking, um, also some human interface guidelines and other improvements.
Um, also, they're saying that, um, you know, they have full seated skeletal tracking mode,
which is, you know, to track people sitting down, and uh, they said also that um, I think
this is more, obviously this is only on, you know, PC, but I think a little bit, since
most people on PC are probably sitting down to interface with stuff, I would hate to have
to stand up to, I don't know, read an email or something like that with Kinect.
Well it'll be nice too that now you can play Kinect without actually having to move.
It's kind of the nice, you know, antithesis.
I'm pretty sure, I mean, the Kinect does detect you sitting down, um, like for some things,
like you can browse menus and stuff like that on the Xbox Kinect, just, uh, I think sitting
down.
I can stand up to browse video menus and stuff like that, um, then again, I'm not, you know,
stupid enough to hook up Kinect to do that when I can go, huh, controller is faster,
you know, seriously, why would I need, I never understood why I need to browse those menus
with my arm when I can just put the controller in my hand and just do that, I mean, I, it's
faster, it really is faster.
Voice searches, that's kinda cool, but, you know, moving my hand around to select things,
that is slower.
Well we will see what this brings into games later on, although couldn't you play Joyride
sitting down?
Was it supposed to be able to see your hands driving the car?
Um, I didn't play that long.
Maybe it's because it was only looking at your hands, it wasn't looking at the rest
of your body, I don't know.
Well there's somewhat of an in-joke amongst the, uh, community of Konami fans that have
been following them for some time and it's called Konami Will Sue, but maybe this week
the joke should be changed to Konami Will Be Sued, because Konami was sued this week
and, uh, you'd be pretty impressed what it's for, it's pretty crazy.
City National Bank is the one that's filed the suit against Konami and Autumn Games,
and it's over fraud, and the reason why is because the bank hasn't received any return
on a 15 million dollar line of credit that it approved to both Konami and Autumn Games,
and the court documents claim that the financial state of Autumn and Konami were faults at
the time that they were made and that defendants never had any intention of repaying the loan
as promised.
That's all a quote from the court documents and so is this, rather than paying game-related
proceeds directly to CNB or City National Bank as agreed, defendant have kept all game-related
proceeds for themselves and have refused to remit any such proceeds to City National Bank.
Here's what I think, here's what I think the problem is.
I think that they think that those games, or, you know, Def Jam Rapstar was going to
be successful, and they're like, where's our percentage of, you know, of the profits?
Why are we only getting, like, ten dollars?
Well, that is your percentage, actually.
You can't divide by zero, stupid!
Sorry, uh, that's how much, that's how many copies we sold.
You get a big fat check for twenty dollars.
By the way, that's not the first time there's been a lawsuit over this game, because what
happened in March, EMI Music Group actually also filed a suit over the game's licensed
tracks were not supposed to be there, apparently, so this game has caused a lot more headache,
probably, for these companies than it was worth, although I do still stand by it, even
though not everybody's into rap music, it really wasn't a bad music game.
It was really kind of too bad that all this shit has fallen out because of it, because
it really wasn't a bad music game, if, you know, especially if you actually like rap,
so.
Alright, let's travel back to a time when we didn't have to read about all these lawsuits
going on, because there was no internet, or I guess in the particular case of this game,
there was a little internet, but there were no lawsuits.
There were no laws.
There were no, yes, right, there were no laws in this game, actually, I think this is a
perfect thing.
It was lawless land.
Let's travel back in time and visit the classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Sakura dives into the vault and pulls out a classic game that she thinks,
hey, you ungrateful little brat, so you're newfangled crap, go back and play something
old school, like this.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
There was a game that used to eat up all of my time in early 2000, and I would sit and
point and click and click and click and click and click, and my husband was so pissed off
because I was deaf all night playing this damn game.
Diablo 2?
No.
Keep in mind, I didn't play the first two Diablo games.
This is Ragnarok Online, which was my crack, and I have, from time to time, been known
to go back on a free server.
I am also one of the people who basically has a permanent account on IRO, the International
Ragnarok Online, because I played in the beta.
I played in the Korean beta, I played in the Japanese beta, and I played in the US beta.
Yeah, I've played a lot of Ragnarok.
And my last, I think-
Fuck, even I remember this music.
I remember when I gave you the hair bow, Rob, when you were playing with me.
I was very pretty with that little hair bow.
You were lovely.
And you had the red hair.
The red boy hair.
Back when my hair actually looked like that.
Yeah.
But I played the ton of this, and I think the last server I played on was EssenceRO.
Good server if anyone's looking for a private server.
Great people.
Anyway, it's made by Gravity.
It is based off of the manhwa, which is called Ragnarok, and there was a Ragnarok 3 animation
based off of it.
It was actually a pretty, pretty good little anime.
It really captured the game very well.
You've got different types of gameplay that are in that you have PvE, you have guild versus
guild, and PvP.
So you can initiate PvP anywhere.
Guild versus guild, I really, really, really liked that function.
Because it was a big capture the flag kind of thing.
And I think that's something that-
And now while I'm not a PvP fan, that is kind of the only reason why I like Battlegrounds
at all in WoW.
It's because it kind of reminds me of this, even though I didn't do it that often.
Because honestly, I was a PvE person.
I'm always a PvE person.
It's sprite based, it is with different 3D environments, and you basically travel all
over this little world in the game getting different creatures.
And as long as I played this damn game, Rob, I have not been everywhere in it.
It is big.
I mean, yeah, I've been to every needed thing on the main map, but there's all the little
caves and the dungeons and the special areas, and I haven't been everywhere in the game.
Although I have been to certain areas of the game many times, like the freaking toy factory.
Or pronterra.
Pronterra.
Warp to pront, please.
Warp to pront, please.
I'm glad that they took out that warping thing, because that was such a pain.
Usually priests could teleport, and they could open warp portals, and they did something
because that's not there anymore.
But yeah, you also, it really was based heavily off of Norse mythology, and you have different
classes.
They also offered transcendent classes that keep going forward.
So yeah, with the different versions, you have your jobs.
Swordsman starts off as a novice, and then you actually can become a super novice, where
you get different aspects of other classes.
Then you have a swordman who can become a knight or a crusader, and then rebirth classes
where you start over and rebuild them with more goodies.
So basically, your first job class is swordsman, mage, archer, merchant, thief, acolyte.
And then you can expand to guns, you also have expanded classes such as gunslinger,
or taequan, which, playing a taequan was actually really fun.
The chat room was getting upset with the music, because it's the only music you ever heard
in the game, so I switched it, because there was more than one song in Ragnarok Online.
Oh I love that music, that's Juno, isn't it?
I love that area.
Anyway.
I thought you might approve.
After the 2-1, you can actually become a knight, wizard, hunter, blacksmith, assassin, or priest.
I played a blacksmith for a while named Tony Stark, just saying.
Because you can get mecha later on, too.
Moving forward, you also have the 2-2 classes, which is crusader, sage, bard dancer, alchemist,
rogue, and monk.
And then the further go, once they rebirth, you have the 2-1 job, which is lord knight,
high wizard, sniper, master smith, who gets a mecha, that's awesome, assassin, cross,
and high priest.
Or the 2-2 job classes, which are paladin, scholar, minstrel, gypsy, biochemist, stalker,
and champion.
I actually have to say that minstrels are pretty fun.
For female ones, you had a dancer, who basically looks like a harem chick.
There's a soundtrack come out.
There's all kinds of stuff for this.
There are pay-to-play servers, and then there's tons of freemium stuff that goes on with it,
too.
Like the caffer shop, you can buy different stuff.
With free-to-play servers, basically, you can play for free, but to support the servers,
they usually have special freebie goods, or special goods that you can pay for.
Like for one server I played on, there used to be these little dolls you could get that
sit on top of your head.
They were selling doll hats.
They had a sprite artist who would make doll hats.
And you paid like 20 bucks, and you got a doll hat.
And it was good because it kept the server paid for, because it does cost money to keep
these going off.
There's also Ragnarok Mobile, that you can use to focus on your characters.
And then there was the Ragnarok RPG that I've been playing.
And there's a version on Game Boy that I, um, you got me the Japanese version of it,
didn't you?
Yeah.
I played the crap out of that.
Because I could read Prontera, and I knew where I was on the damn map.
And I think an English version of that since came out, too.
But it is really fun.
I would say that if you're looking for just like a little freebie RPG to get into, Ragnarok
Online is really fun.
And like my favorite class still to this day is Assassin, because it's like pow pow pow
pow.
It's just all speed.
It was awesome.
So yeah, my game is Ragnarok Online.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Ragnarok Online for the PC.
And various spinoffs on other devices that Darsak are named.
Yes.
A game I haven't played in about 10 years.
I have, I've been playing the one on the iPhone lately, and it's pretty fun.
That's cool.
Yeah.
I might have to check that out.
You play a total- On my shiny new iPad.
You play a total asshole, though.
He's so fun.
Good times.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
We're going to take a break here live as we are taping our episode number 458B here live
on May the 27th of 2012.
We're going to take a quick break here.
But don't go anywhere, guys.
We've got plenty more show to come.
We've got some rapid fire news.
We have the mailbag FUs of the week, and your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Lounge Radio
on Skype are all coming up in a little while.
So stay tuned.
Don't go anywhere.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Memorial Day weekend, May the 27th of 2012, with episode number
458B of our podcast.
Why is it episode 458B?
Well, go back and listen to the first part of the show if you want to know why it is
458B.
Anyhow, we're going to get back in with some rapid fire news here.
Again, I just want to really plug the VOG conference on Friday at 7 Pacific 10 Eastern
live at vognetwork.com.
And I'm getting some people that are just sending me their ideas for VOG stuff, and
I love it.
And I know Bobby wants to hear it.
Dark Soccer would like to hear it.
Shit, anybody you can talk to that's one of the hosts on VOG somewhere, Loki, Travis,
whoever, we love hearing the ideas.
And I'm talking to somebody about one idea right now, I'm like, well, that is a good
idea actually, yes, we should do that.
And so I love it because it's, you know, just like Orange Lounge Radio, where every gamer
has a voice was never really just about us, VOG network isn't really just about us either.
So it's about me, everybody know me and my fabulousness.
Stop hating, Rob.
Stop being a parody.
All right.
Stop hating.
Let's move on.
It's about the gaming news.
Now we're going to travel around and check out some quick stories in a segment we call
Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about some upcoming games.
XCOM Enemy Unknown actually has been announced to be coming out on October 9th.
Now I thought, you know, when I first saw this that this means, ah, damn, I guess, you
know, I guess we're not going to have any Grand Theft Auto 5 game announcement for October.
I'm not so sure if that's going to be the case anymore because actually there was an
announcement for, was it Take-Two put out their estimates for their fiscal years and
for 2013, which would cover up through now through, was it March of, March 31st, 2013,
and then we'll play some awesome music.
They have about $700 million or, you know, unaccounted revenue in there and even if like
some of these games do really well, I don't think they're going to hit that spot.
So people are thinking, maybe that's Grand Theft Auto 5 in there somewhere, which honestly
if it were to come out in October, it would, it probably wouldn't compete very well.
You know, they wouldn't, wouldn't cannibalize stuff.
So God, I hope it's October.
Anyways, so yes, XCOM Enemy Unknown, October 9th and I guess 13th internationally as well.
So pretty cool.
And then of course, there's rumors, spoiler, I don't know, that EA's next Need for Speed
game is actually going to be Need for Speed Most Wanted.
Perhaps a reboot of that franchise.
Wait, they already had a Most Wanted.
Yes, they did.
They also had a Need for Speed Hot Pursuit, but that didn't stop them from having that
last year.
So perhaps Most Wanted could be, you know, put out again.
You know, a new title with the same, I hope it's not the same thing.
It's like Apple's methodology.
It's the new Most Wanted.
Yeah.
So.
More Wanted-er.
Maybe Most Wanted 2, I don't know.
Apparently there's, you know, a schedule going around showing, you know, that the game's
going to be shown on like EA's booth and also apparently it was, there was a Twitch TV feed
or something like that for E3 that also has that listed on there as well amongst some
other TVA titles from Ubisoft.
So yeah, we'll probably see something from, you know, EA for Need for Speed Most Wanted
whether it be, I hope it's not the same damn title because that's going to be confusing
because it didn't come out that long ago.
That was only like five years ago.
That's not, that's not that long in game time.
And last but not least, Carmageddon Reincarnation has hit their goal with ten days left to go
and of course, you know, I guess that means we're going to be getting a remade Carmageddon
game.
Also they're saying that they're going to be adding some DLC to it now and probably
going to be setting some different stretch goals for that as well and, you know, funding
will be done in a few more days.
All right, let's move on with some other news.
You ever been to a website where you have to punch in CAPTCHA?
You know, like if you want to like download something or if you want to register for an
account, you have to put in CAPTCHA.
And sometimes the words are very like nonsense.
I love this mock up where somebody put kill me in the CAPTCHA.
Well I love this.
Apparently there is- I had destroy enemies once.
Did you really?
Yes I did.
That's awesome.
I guess there is a new Detroit based startup company and they're called Are You a Human?
And what they aim to do, they want to replace the CAPTCHA box that people use with mini
games.
Why not?
It accomplishes the same thing.
You wouldn't be able to beat the game if you weren't actually a human.
The tool they're developing is called PlayThrough and it's going to allow a website owner to
fight bots and spammers by using simple mini games.
For example, there could be a level where you put tools in a toolbox or you put toppings
on a pizza.
Some websites that are already using this, Quicken Loans and Fathead.
I don't know what Fathead does, but-
Fathead makes giant posters on the wall of sports figures.
Oh.
That's why I had no idea who they were.
I don't own any of those.
But I do have a sweet Tron poster.
I don't own any of those either, but the reason I know they do that is because they also have
that option for your Xbox Live avatar and I'm like why the fuck would I want a six foot
tall picture of my avatar on the wall.
I really have a big problem with your Tron poster.
What?
Because it looks like all those little teleporting effects are just really bad use of the blur
tool.
Well, I'm sorry.
Speaking of Tron, I did happen to see that that episode of Tron Uprising was on Disney
last night and I was like, ooh, that's right, we're only a couple of weeks away from actual
new episodes.
Well, you know what I found out is that funny enough, a week from tonight, they are going
to be doing some type of kickoff event at Downtown Disney.
Guess where I'm going to be, yo?
So I plan to bring you a vlog-
Better bring me Tron stuff.
I'm going to-
We're going to have a neon blue carpet.
I am so going, and there will be a full report on vlog for sure, so I'm not expecting much
though.
For all I know, they're just going to have a giant screen out in the middle of Downtown
Disney that's playing it.
So we'll see.
Elijah wouldn't be there.
You're going to get kidnapped by a recognizer.
I'd be alright with that.
Paul Rubins was there.
Oh my gosh, it'd be awesome.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
He needs to record a bumper.
You know who was at Disneyland, by the way, last weekend when we were there?
Lady Gaga.
Shut the front door.
She was posted on Facebook.
Isn't she like touring?
Like she was supposed to go to Indonesia and there's the whole hub-a-loo going on there?
There was a post on her Facebook thing that was at Disneyland.
Well maybe she was at like Hong Kong Disney.
I don't know, but-
I don't think Hong Kong Disney exists anymore.
We looked for her.
Yeah, they have.
It used to be an airport years ago.
Anyhow, don't ask me how I know that.
That's Shanghai Disney.
Alright, moving on.
Uh, rumors about a new Castlevania game on the 3DS.
Apparently the name has leaked out, Castlevania Mirror of Faith.
Supposedly this is a game that's going to be shown at E3.
Makes sense to me.
It's about time there's a new Castlevania game out on a handheld.
I have no reason to disbelieve this.
Yeah.
Especially because, it's funny because this particular site is a site Nintendo Netherlands
or whatever.
You might remember, OLR blew the story on that about six years ago.
One of the DS games we had the exclusive on.
So I have no reason to doubt them.
They're sloppy.
Let's get out.
It would be interesting if this information that got out is also true.
It has to do with Wii U details.
These are very specific details from Ubisoft Milan apparently leaked these details.
It's Wii U related information.
It was found on an Italian message board.
Some very specific details.
Now granted this could all be fanboy wank, but I don't know.
They're claiming it's directly from Ubisoft Milan and Ubisoft would know some of this
shit because they are doing some of the launch games.
Which include for Ubisoft Rayman Legends, The Avengers, Assassin's Creed 3 and Just
Dance 4.
A game called Killer Freaks from Outer Space, supposed to arrive a few weeks after launch.
Those are some pretty specific, I mean granted about three of those are a duh, but Killer
Freaks from Outer Space.
You can't guess that.
That was announced at E3 last year.
Oh was it?
I don't remember that one.
Yeah they even had video of it.
Alright, so maybe it's just somebody using logic, but we'll see.
It looks like a cross between the Rabbids and Critters.
Like the Rabbids were like evil alien things.
Wii U does DirectX 11.
It's already running Unreal Engine 4.
Two gigs of RAM.
560 megs of that dedicated to the OS.
November 23rd, the launch date, but remember that's coming out of Milan so could be a little
bit around there for other regions.
Launch price hasn't yet been decided, but they're saying 350 to 450 which tells me 399.
Multiple versions of the console out there with developers.
Graphics being powered by a Radeon HD 6770 chipset.
Assassin's Creed 3 is 60 frames a second at 1080p.
It is only running 720p on the other consoles right now.
November 23rd would be a Friday, I don't know if they'd launch it.
But that's, again, that's Milan.
That's not America.
So there's some time is some shift with the days.
And you know the other thing.
Add those Italians.
Well here's the problem I have with Ubisoft, this information coming from Ubisoft Milan,
because Ubisoft Milan would be a, it's basically a portion of the company that does development
for certain games.
So which game are they working on that they would be privy to this information?
Because, you know, Ubisoft Milan, let's see, let's, I'm sorry, I can't hear Ubisoft Milan
without hearing in the back of my head RuPaul saying, London, Paris, Milan.
I fully expect nobody listening to this show will get that joke.
But maybe one, maybe one person.
Alright.
The Wii U comes with pre-installed software, which really wouldn't be a stretch for Nintendo.
You know, they have some basic shit on all their platforms, like the Mii Plaza, for example
on 3DS.
Most interesting about this, Valve working on a digital distribution platform and portal
ports.
That could be very interesting if Valve is involved with the Wii.
That's going to bring a heck of a lot of, you know, like, core gamer quote unquote oomph
to the Wii U.
That would be amazing.
One other thing I'll say here, the new button supposedly has some link to the Wii Vitality
sensor.
So maybe a new form of it or something like that.
Well I figured it would be a biometric button.
Alright so, that's it for the Wii U rumors, so let's move on with some more rapid fire
news.
Okay, Rob, well, how about some stuff having to do with touch screen graffiti controls
for Jet Set Radio.
This is for the Vita release.
Basically, well, and there's still not a date on it yet, but they're saying that they're
bringing in touch screen controls and camera integration so that I guess you can, for customizing
your tags in the game.
So that should be pretty cool.
And then this is the thing that I lusted over yesterday, and, oh my god I want this so bad,
it like seriously makes me moist, the Street Fighter 25th anniversary collector set that
comes in a big black box has a Ryu figure, 15 discs that includes on it, Super Street
Fighter 2 Turbo HD Remix, Street Fighter 3 Third Strike Online Edition, Super Street
Fighter 4 Arcade Edition, and the DLC, and Street Fighter Cross Tekken, and the DLC with
a documentary, two anime movies, the full Street Fighter animated series, and 11 discs
of music.
And it has a light up Ryu statue and Ryu's belt.
That is too much Street Fighter.
For 150 bucks.
You know what?
I want it.
Of course you do, because you are a consumer whore.
And how.
But really, I don't care because I freaking love Street Fighter.
I'm looking at this set and oh my dear god, it just, I'm literally moist right now, I
can't help it.
So how about Harry Potter stuff?
How about it?
Um, apparently there's going to be a Harry Potter for Kinect and there's a trailer out.
It's got a really creepy face capture thing on it.
It does, but it actually looks pretty good.
As long, I, it looks good in the trailer, but then I'm like, the games are never really
like that.
Just make the damn MMO already.
You know what?
Screw Harry Potter because fucking Ryu, no he's underage, statue, not anymore, statues,
statue of Ryu that lights up with, it even has a certificate of authen-fucking-ticity.
How can you pass that off?
So you know it's authen-fucking-tistic.
It'll go on my wall and I will stare at Ryu for hours because that, you know, that was
my first video game crush was Ryu when I was a little kid.
Aww, that's kind of adorable.
Yep.
Okay.
I'm done.
I'm spent.
I'm really spent.
Alright.
Let's move on to the foogle question of the week.
The foogle question of the week is a segment of our show where we ask a question on Facebook
and Google Plus and we read some of our favorite answers here on the program.
We didn't ask one tonight.
Some of you might have said, hey, I didn't see a new question on Facebook or Google this
week.
That's because, you know, we never got to read last week's answers because of the crash
and it was a pretty timely question.
So I want to go through some of those right now.
So we're going to start on our Google Plus page.
Shit.
I just dropped that brand new iPad of mine.
How convenient.
That's why I have a case on it.
Well, here's the weird thing.
I can't access Facebook right now.
Can you access Facebook, Logan?
Can I access Facebook?
Oh, there it went.
It just went.
Okay, good.
Because I was getting worried that I was going to miss the questions here.
Alright, anyhow.
The question of the week, more and more games are incorporating multiplayer into their games.
For example, Mass Effect 3.
Some in the industry have been quoted as saying that multiplayer is essential in this day
and age to having a successful game.
How important do you feel that multiplayer is to the games you purchase?
Have you ever been swayed on a game purchase because of the fact that it did or did not
have multiplayer?
Reddertainment answers the question and says, multiplayer is irrelevant to me due to my
ISP being fucking incompetent, PSN being incompetent, and me canceling Xbox Live Gold as part of
my effort to buy a house.
So in other words, the world is out to get him.
Vilagas responds and says, these are all from Google Plus again, Uncharted, Gears, Halo,
etc.
All have some form of competitive multiplayer that I've never tried.
I only buy games for the single player component due to the rampant negativity on the online
services.
I do love co-op multiplayer with my family or friends.
Tell Jamie I apologize for my bad grammar and punctuation.
Well, you apologize to the wrong person.
And I'm mad.
No, I'm just kidding.
You actually didn't do a bad job.
I'm, I'm, I have pretty bad grammar myself, so I'm usually pretty forgiving.
All right.
And lastly, Jim from who he was supposed to be here last week to answer this in person,
but he decided to go on Google Plus and answer instead.
Flaco Jones, I don't care much for multiplayer modes in games because I'm all about the story
and it doesn't make much sense story wise when there are seven Nathan Drakes running
around shooting other players at the same time.
Plus, I rent or buy used, so I don't get even get to play multiplayer thanks to online passes.
Let's go to the Facebook community now that Facebook is working for me at facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio and read some of the answers that you guys sent us over there.
And we're going to start off with a reply from DDR dollar bill who says never as in
has you ever been swayed, never multiplayer, never made or break a purchase for me.
It was nice, but it wasn't life or death either.
And it wouldn't change a game grade by one point if it was included nor excluded JV Mon
says I almost never play multiplayer online.
And if I do, it's only with friends who usually don't buy the same games as me.
Even then cross game chat fixes that problem and we can hang out while playing.
So would it sway me?
Not at all.
So we have a lot of people that are like no, no, no, never, never, never.
Let's go to an answer from Red the Haze.
I've no problems with added multiplayer as long as it's good, builds on the single player
game and adds to the experience but has no negative consequences to the single player.
Just like when I bought Mass Effect 3 when it was on sale for 30 bucks just for multiplayer
even though I haven't played Mass Effect 2, but I plan to play 3 once I get to.
So that's somebody who kind of went and bought a game that's more known as a single player
experience for the multiplayer component.
Kind of interesting.
Panaxium responded and said I do enjoy multiplayer as an option but only when the production
quality is high.
An example is Metroid Prime 2.
It included multiplayer but it was half-assed and got boring very quickly.
However Prime Hunters was a lot more fun except for the cramping controls but I digress.
In the end I would rather have an amazing single experience than half-baked multiplayer.
Mike B. responded saying I think it's great as long as it has a co-op story mode.
It is fun playing through the story with friends.
I kind of like that whole co-op versus versus too because I think the type of multiplayer
can really change a lot too.
I think that's really important to state too.
I think a game like LittleBigPlanet really is enhanced by the multiplayer and that's
one game I didn't really see get brought up here but a game like LittleBigPlanet really
gets enhanced because it's more of a co-op.
And of course I'm into Mass Effect 3 right now and a lot of that is because it's co-op.
Acidic Vampire brings up Mass Effect and says it isn't necessary especially for established
single player franchises but sometimes it can be a welcome addition that doesn't take
away from its campaign.
Portal 2, Dead Space 2, and Mass Effect 3 are just a few examples.
Those are all really good examples.
Let me read one more from John K. I've never bought a game because multiplayer was included.
In fact, sometimes attempts to shove multiplayer into a great single player franchise can take
a lot away from the experience.
For example, the most recent Ratchet and Clank game.
All for One was designed to be four player co-op and the changes to the camera and controls
to allow for all that but made the game unplayable.
Even playing as a single player, it was more frustrating than fun.
So again those are all answers from our Facebook account, facebook.com slash orange lounge
radio.
Come thumbs up us over there and you can answer a question in a future week.
How about you guys here in studio?
How important is multiplayer to you?
Not at all.
I don't really give a crap about it.
You really go out of your way to avoid it.
But yet you play an MMO.
Yeah but you notice what do I do most of the time?
I quest, I play by myself and just chat with people.
It's the having to play with other people.
Like I like raiding okay because I'm with my guild mates.
I'm with people that I pretty much know.
PvP I hate.
I mean I don't really mind doing like the most fun that I have in dungeons is when basically
I've just tagged along with you know with the ones that you've done for like what was
that one that was really fun that you drug me around in your motorcycle for?
The Isle of Conquest?
Yeah, Isle of Conquest.
That was fun because I was playing with you and Alan.
Yeah.
That was fun.
But I I just have this thing about the random stranger thing.
I'm all you know appearances to the contrary I am a bit of an introvert.
You know I I've taught myself how to be outwardly extroverted but really I kind of like to do
my own thing and stick with the folks I know.
You know so I lost my train of thought.
That's all right.
I'll go ahead and just say I really agree with the answer that said it's best when it
more enhances a single-player game that's already there especially the the examples
of Portal 2 and Mass Effect 3 I think are two great examples of where multiplayer really
just sweetened the pot for a game that would have already been worth the asking price.
See I would play Portal 2 multiplayer as long as I played with someone I know.
Right which I think you I don't think you can play Portal 2 with strangers can you?
But it's like now when I used to do PSO fantasy star online you know you could run into people
just wait looking for groups in random but for the most part I played with my friends
we would lock the room and put stupid passwords on them like butt cheese.
That was one of our passwords.
You're so mature.
All right before I get to Loki's answer let me get to our chat room.
Some folks talking about Skyrim because you know obviously Skyrim gets brought up as a
game that didn't need multiplayer to be successful.
Jim Sally says Skyrim is awesome but it would be twice as good if a co-op mode was added
and a lot of people have been asking for something like that.
But Shadow Next Gen says I don't know if Skyrim would be good with co-op that game is really
all about your personal choices.
Very true.
Loki lastly with you what how important is multiplayer to you?
It all depends on the game I mean some games I don't really care other games kind of want
it in there like Grand Theft Auto or Call of Duty or Minecraft I don't know it just
it depends like I don't necessarily need multiplayer for Final Fantasy or something like that.
Blender brings up a great point in our chat room what about Journey Orange Lounge Radio
and he's not talking about the one from the 80s about the band he's talking about that
new one on PlayStation Network and I gotta say no one's bought it for me yet well I have
it and I've played through it and I gotta say Journey is like on a whole nother level
with the multiplayer it's like a new type of multiplayer experience you can't even really
define don't have to talk to them do you know you never do perfect you that's the beautiful
thing about Journey they're there and they're with you they can only talk to you through
song through one button that kind of hums a little tune and it's your choice you can
follow this person you can try to work with it and try to develop your own communication
style it which it's it's so crazy like the simplicity of the game and kind of what it's
done for multiplayer games Journey again if you haven't played it on PlayStation 3 and
you own a PlayStation 3 you really gotta check it out it just it's amazing it was better
when people didn't tell you there was a multiplayer component and I did not even know there was
gonna be multiplayer in it and I was just blown away amazing anyhow that's gonna do
it for the frugal question of the week thank you to everybody who responded we had a ton
of answers on Facebook I'm so sorry I didn't have time to read all of them but answer us
in a future week and we'll try to get some in you can always get your thoughts through
to our mailbag mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and we'll read those in a future week for
now we don't have any yeah sadly we didn't get any mail this week so we don't have anything
to read but maybe in a future week for now though let's get to some news Loki all right
so let's talk a little bit about I don't know Activision you may remember that Bungie has
entered into an agreement with them to create this next big franchise and they are they're
actually right now according to the leaked documents that you know kind of show this
agreement it's for a project called destiny and also you know they're talking about like
some of the expected you know bonuses and stuff based on you know performance and also
saying that you know they're gonna have you know a version of the game is gonna come out
on the Xbox 360 you know also in the fall 2013 and that there's gonna be follow-ups
in multiple years and it's supposed to be a four-part you know four game deal and also
at the end of that they're gonna have the option to fund a new marathon game so that's
kind of neat I mean that's definitely a lot of corporate mumbo-jumbo at least in the leaked
document but it'd be cool to see what this new destiny game supposed to be like a code
name it'll probably be like Halo I'm thinking it will be I was hoping it would be Pimps
at sea but you know unfortunately we can dream but that's not gonna happen but yeah it'll
be pretty cool all right let's go to a story about Diablo 3 because unfortunately Diablo
3 allegedly hacking going on in Diablo 3 right now and a lot of people coming into Diablo
3 remembering Diablo 1 and 2 as a single-player game have no part of this whole authenticator
and ways to protect their account so you know Blizzard's coming in and saying well people
need to be more careful with their account information but apparently and I apparently
it has come through in recent days that there are a small number of accounts that are being
hacked with authenticators on them but it's coming through malware on the user system
and the blue posts that are on the forums are very adamant that yeah we're looking at
the msinfo files of people that are saying they're getting hacked with an authenticator
and they've got all sorts of malware on the system and that's where it's coming from so
this whole single-player always connected experience is really starting to rub people
the wrong way and this is just the latest feather in that hat like really I did not
want to fucking deal with this and now people are getting hacked and all this shit because
they don't have an authenticator on their account I mean Blizzard or Diablo 3 had amazing
sales in their first week but what is the long-term damage this shit is causing we talked
a little more about this on Hoard House this week at www.hoardhouse.com my World of Warcraft
themed spin-off show but to kind of ask here a little bit Loki I think you're a good one
to ask because you're not as sucked into this Warcraft phenomenon as Dark Soccer and I are
what are your thoughts about Diablo 3 being always connected and have they screwed PC
games that might want to explore this in the future with this consistent botched thing
after another well I never like any always connected games there you know especially
if it's not required if it's not an MMO then what's the point of me having to be always
required you know a connection for this to happen I mean because you know say if I want
to game my laptop doesn't mean I'm gonna have Wi-Fi anywhere you know everywhere I go and
you know that kind of sucks if I can't play my game that I purchased because I don't have
an internet connection at the time I mean I don't know it yeah it's another reason why
I wouldn't get the game I guess other than you know just don't really want to buy the
game burn our chat room asks so it's malware the rumor was it was joining public games
that opens you up to it you know Blizzard is passionately denying those claims as we've
learned though throughout other parts of the game industry that doesn't necessarily always
mean anything though I would like to think that that they've tested that and it's true
but and just because you have more where I mean because there's a lot of malware out
there but I mean just saying up well we can see that yeah malware on your system is it
the same malware for each thing I mean is it I mean what kind of what exactly is this
malware do is it's like because there's malware that just I go search something on Google
and also I get transferred to another page that has nothing to do with what I just search
for it's like another search engine or is it something that's like I'm specifically
putting this malware on your system to steal your information also why can't Blizzard just
to give extra protection to the accounts very similar to what Star Wars the Old Republic
did you have these personal questions that only you would know the answer to and whenever
Star Wars suspects that you're making a major change or you're doing something weird where
it might not really be you it asks you to answer three of those questions at random
you know why couldn't they gee you usually play Diablo 3 in Sacramento California all
of a sudden you're trying to log in from China maybe I should ask you a private question
that only you would know the answer to because the odds that you were playing in California
and now you're suddenly playing in China are very very low or here's a thought since we've
you know we've gotten these MS you know these little readouts of what processes you have
running and stuff and we've noticed that there's specific malware you know programs or whatever
running hey you know you have some sort of device that runs before the program launches
to detect for people using cheat devices and stuff maybe I don't know add these programs
in there so that you know hey you try to launch Diablo and you get this you know pop-up saying
hey there's more and your system is gonna steal your Diablo identity if you play Diablo
maybe you should I don't know clear that off or something why don't they have that since
they could do that very easily oh it's because probably none of that has any information
it's like saying oh well you know you you've got some sort of virus on your computer so
there must be how that must be how they're hacking your system and seriously most malware
that you'll find are usually like site trackers that type of thing nothing that's really going
to have anything it's for advertising that's all it is so all right let's hope Blizzard
can patch this shit up I I seriously think they're doing some long-term damage here I
did find a new patch applied last night oh yeah yeah I didn't see what it was for but
they did patch my game last night I think they've been doing as a variety of fixes they
keep pushing back that real money auction house that's the other thing that tells you
there's a problem that was supposed to be Diablo's bread and butter and hasn't happened
so anyhow we were going to move on to the mailbag at this point but I believe when you
check before the show started it was empty right to quote a line from a masterpiece of
a movie which is called Spaceballs we ain't found shit if you I guess some people in chat
are saying they emailed within the past hour or so well check it again you want to check
it again we'll do that we'll do the FUs of the week first so usually the time we do that
oh I was looking was to jump in well I was just gonna jump in with some random stuff
so I figured I'd already logged in we have one I was doing Google searches for information
regarding you know this Xbox jacking stuff it's actually a whole bunch of information
about doxing which is finding up finding out the information on people like their name
city state all the personal information based on some of their stuff and that's how they
steal accounts it's by knowing all your personal information tons of ebooks on it too be careful
who you add on your social networks that's for sure so we have one all right yay we do
have an email after all of course question for the staff what has to be the single most
expensive gaming accessory you have purchased for your gaming console and to read the disclaimer
this email was brought to you by anime jam session the podcast about anime cosplay convention
roasting pop culture and everything in between podcast guaranteed to derail in ten minutes
your money back check us out at www.animajamsession.com that was the cheapest fucking plug I have
ever seen in the history of this show I'm gonna ask a really generic question and then
plug I read it out of my mic mic machines that's all right you know what because we
love anime jam session john machina was great we're gonna allow it yes all right I did buy
my husband steel battalion oh yeah yeah I paid 300 bucks and bought him steel battalion
of course he in return has bought me thousands of dollars of beymani equipment you know we
bought my uh both my dance pads for uh together for 160 for my dreamcast ddr which I think
the game was also about 70 bucks so um but keep in mind if you look at my beymani collection
I've got a pop music controller I have four 2dx controllers now I have two guitar freaks
controllers a key I have a keyboard for keyboard mania I have a drum controller for um drum
mania and then we have all this crap we have for guitar hero so it's really hard to say
when you look at the whole thing but I think the single most expensive has to be the steel
battalion controller because that was 300 bucks um I would say the most expensive I
know this probably doesn't count for the original question but I fucking bought a Japanese PlayStation
2 just so I could play all those beymani games back in the day so I think I think I get that
one especially you know I bought the controller I bought the ddr mats all to work with the
Japanese we bought a jps2 yeah keyboard I bought I bought fucking keyboard mania okay
I think I think that qualifies I can tell you what our most expensive game was what
was probably dracula x oh yeah yeah that's right Loki um I bought an arcade cabinet to
put in ddr in never really got around to putting ddr in it though but looking at accessories
on their own what is the most small my rock man stuff because I have you know a hundred
dollar guitar here and drum set and another bass guitar they got specially that's collecting
dust under my desk at work now what was your most expensive system what is the most you've
ever paid for a single video game system my first xbox 360 oh you you dumb bastard you
did pay a lot for that most I paid for a system might be my playstation 3 I think a ps3 was
more expensive than importing the playstation 2 I will second that because keep in mind
when we bought ours we still have our first model ps3 and thanks to discover we got a
hundred bucks knocked off of it because we got a reward on it so we paid 600 bucks for
our first model ps3 now the one and only bobby blackwolf in our chat room at vog network
dot com said I own a very expensive set of Roland V drums and I just put it on twit pic
so that is that does work with that does but that's not really necessarily an accessory
okay so then moving forward to it let's because I really like elaborating on this one what's
the most you've ever paid for a game the most I've ever paid for a game um again Japanese
importing probably beat media 2d x6 style I want to say was probably the most expensive
one I got because I got that when it was brand brand new I eventually paid more than a hundred
dollars for a game no I don't think I paid a hundred and twenty dollars for the Sailor
Moon's super s fighting game on Super Famicom actually I take that back add up all the months
of World of Warcraft but I'm saying for the game itself hey Alan's joining us and I think
wants to say something hi Alan so we're talking about more most spent on a game yes sir when
I was there was a year or two where I was importing Japanese games and I only got four
or five of them but I want to say Tobel number two the sequel to the square fighting game
I think I spent close to like 90 95 bucks all told to get that game it also had the
demo on it though for um Final Fantasy 7 wasn't it yeah uh Alan remember when we had disposable
income I know right what about you let me ask my iPad says hi what's the most you've
ever paid for a game standalone didn't come with anything else Motorstorm apocalypse because
it was a beta or it was a bear yeah you bought that on eBay or something didn't you yeah
yeah so I would know what about people who bought that Capcom met game that was like
200 bucks because they had the whole controller oh still battalion I've got I've no check
this now I have two copies and two controllers you're sick but I mean that would love okay
so no no no no what is the rarest system that you own I love SSG 100 Matt the most I've
ever spent on a game was Yaris for zero points paid way too much for it I agree I'm sorry
the most we ever spent on a what a system what do you think is your most valuable system
that you own in terms of personal value and then in terms of financial value my still
working Super Nintendo in terms of personal value in terms of actual I don't really have
a lot of rare systems I don't really have any old shit that still works the HD DVD player
on my Xbox 360 arcade system for most valuable and for personal value the Xbox of Fame the
Xbox oh good answer the one that's been autographed by one of the Avengers now yes look at that
so for me and yeah I know I've got the collection and this is unfair but actually I think that
our most I think our most valuable one is our Neo Geo although we do have a turbo duo
but my personal favorite is the turbo duo because no country lockout you can play your
Japanese games no problem unless you get a game that requires the arcade card and then
you have to have a duo RX alright let's talk about how much money we've spent on this sick
obsession here burn the chat room is trying to call me out saying sky had disposable income
that could have gone to improving the show talking about that stinkin power device did
but it's a lot of money into the show hey this iPad I just did the Facebook questions
for the frugal question of the week off the iPad so it did go to improving the show just
so you know me by the way I'd like to answer a niche or is it niche or niche whatever I
think is Nietzsche Nietzsche that's not how the philosophers name is spelled well whatever
there should be a T and a Z in there we did not buy a 3do because there is all of crap
for 3do we did almost buy a CDI if you want me to go through the list of what we own no
we'll need a whole other show for that all right that's it for the mailbag now we will
do the F use of the week angst anger rawr
I'm angry at being sick because I mean I feel tons better now this is what's funny I slept
all day yesterday I mean literally almost all day yesterday and that sucks most of this
morning had weird ass freakin fever dreams and then I go out on my bicycle feeling like
crap because I needed to go get Nyquil from the Kmart around the corner for my house so
I mean it's about a mile you know I rode my bike a mile there got all my stuff wrote it
back with a backpack full of stuff and I was so hot and feverish and shaky when I got home
I think my fever broke from my bike ride because now like my lungs feel better I still have
a do you know the stupid sinus headache but I feel like infinitely better than I have
in weeks so F you to having to go through all of that just to feel better and and F
you to bread I'm having to go back on raw food again and Nina and hey I don't not Kmart
because I got a sonic hedgehog shirt there so and it's cheap Loki if you'd my cold and
F you to power not being available during our show sometimes F you oh wait what F you
to the music stopping F you to burn our chat room for saying the frugal questions just
had to be read from a retina display to protect sky's precious eyes that's right F you and
then my other F you the week goes to this cough that will not leave because I've had
this cough for like two weeks you remember when I was sick on the show a couple weeks
ago that I still have the cough if I may just hiding it well yes ma'am dark soccer's medical
advice which I'm not a doctor disclaimer disclaimer yeah right um are you taking any gua
venison excuse you what is that I'm used to next this is this is the former what's that
store G C whatever they used to work at GNC yeah that's a GNC well you can go to dollar
store Rob and get plain old gua venison and take two doses of it and it is the the pharmacy
dose and I guarantee you it will clear up your cough yeah what else will we do to me
it's the same doctor gives you a prescription no seriously I like my big gay life dammit
all it all it does is the mucus thinner it helps you produce it so that you don't have
it causing the cough anymore okay that's how mine has gotten better all right and lots
of nyquil a couple more stories for you guys then you guys on the skype line at one eight
seven seven game olr or a username on skype orange launch radio loki all right so let's
talk once again about more Activision drama this kind of ties in with the whole lawsuit
between you know the Wesson Zampella versus Activision and just some of the dirty stuff
that went on obviously the first part of the lawsuits been settled but there's still the
whole lawsuit against those people there was this thing that came out called project icebreaker
apparently it was an initiative designed by Activision to secretly scour the computers
of those two individuals for evidence that would support a firing this involved them
attempting to hack into their accounts or their systems also the possibility of faking
a fire drill to get them to leave the building so that someone could go and hack into their
computers just dirty shit I mean seriously I can't believe that they would even I can
believe that they could do that because it's Activision also you know of course some of
the stuff you know during that's been released is spreadsheets talking about the top 20 and
Finney Ward employees and their salaries and of course Wesson Zampella have made quite
a bit of money apparently they've each you know they were expecting bonuses over six
hundred thousand dollars and supposed to be getting additional losses from you know the
sale of new games for one point four to two point five million dollars that's quite a
bit of money thirteen million dollars in bonuses total for 2010 I was reading some of that
crazy shit on the internet those Activision emails and so forth and it's just it's a scary
inside look to how some of this shit operates it's it's man it's almost evil it is evil
it's not almost evil we know how evil they are when you're asking some for like a lawyer's
asking somebody to do something illegal and they're you know they're like I don't know
if I'm comfortable with doing that you know it's just ridiculous well let's move from
something evil to just kind of shady it has to do with THQ and I guess they're gonna be
having a June 29 stockholders meeting where they're gonna do what's called a reverse stock
split to avoid a delisting from Nasdaq I guess that's really not shady it's just business
but it's I guess it's sad a tricky way of doing it is it's totally is a little bit like
the shell game they are gonna have some pissed off investors so anyhow apparently what's
gonna happen is that they have to do the stock split to maintain one dollar per share minimum
that Nasdaq requires apparently they're gonna be three options in the process one of three
one of five and one of ten reverse stock split ratios any of these options it means there
are fewer outstanding shares with an increased apparent value per share so for example if
they do a one to three reverse stock split each stockholder will own one stock for every
three that they had prior to the split even though the total value of the company doesn't
change so that sixty one cents that they're currently trading at they do a one of ten
now it's oh it's six dollars ten cents a share but hopefully one share and say I only have
one share instead of ten exactly but they can do that they have happens if you have
like two stock or two share that's how I was gonna say there's a lot of not people to get
novelty stock you know they just buy one share but then again how many people just buy one
share of thq probably not you got more people to do that shit with like Facebook or Disney
or you know coca-cola or Pepsi you know what big companies there's there's there's actually
a company out there some website and I hate that I'm giving them free advertising but
whatever it's like buy one share calm or one share calm and they actually do this whole
little stick where they they'll print out a certificate you can frame it you know it's
like a gift-giving thing it's kind of a kind of a neat idea for a gift like imagine it
I think they did a report on some website the other day and it was like if you had bought
a one share of Apple in like 1982 it would be worth a thousand dollars now my mom who
actually worked for Intel for a while you know part of their thing was that each employee
got you know a certain amount of stock well this is way back you know in the seventies
and eighties and stuff and she still has to she found their certificate in the attic the
other day wow and it's funny as we looked into it and that's split so many times since
you know that one like one share of stock were around I only think is one shares like
a few shares of stock is like a hundred and fifty shares of stock now it's just like ridiculous
oh wow that's still really cool though yeah like you can sell that you know alright well
now we're going to get to the show where we're going to open it up to you guys to give us
a call right now one eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype orange lounge
radio give us a call we'll talk about anything we've talked about prior tonight or maybe
you have something else that you want to bring up again that's one eight seven seven game
olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio I do not have the twitter topics up
yet so maybe loki I know there might be some last minute stories tonight because there
was a lot of stuff we had to cut from tonight's show and it's just it's picking up as we move
towards e3 um I'm sure we've got some stuff here of course I'm not ready as usual um still
looking at those the hacking stuff it's very interesting just I can't believe all the information
that they have out there you know basically telling you use like those like white pages
or reverse searches and stuff like that to find um how people's personal information
um that you know your phone company and stuff collects so you can hack someone's xbox live
account it's ridiculous um let's see here we can talk about uh silicon knights this
is kind of funny silicon knights you know they were um had this lawsuit against epic
because they're saying your engine was too hard to use that's why our game sucked balls
um and apparently they they failed to um provide evidence you know of damages or whatever uh
for their lawsuit and so the um the judge assigned them their own value of a dollar
so if they win their claim they get a dollar a whole dollar a whole dollar you can buy
a candy bar with that maybe all right we got a call coming in let's go to the phones hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this it's the one person actually sent an email into
the mailbag ron you know what's funny is that the chatters were like no rama doesn't get
through tonight rama does not get to calling because he sent an email but when nobody else
calls you guys i can't help it i have the fastest internet in america to beat everybody
else 99 at a time you're just that awesome what's on your mind tonight rama um my what's
on my mind is a bit of a hardware review which is in conjunction with the email that i sent
earlier when i was at pax east playing uh at the squirt enix booth they had these nice
headphones and i was playing a theater rhythm with it i was like the music quality is just
phenomenal where did you get it they told me they had it at the astro gaming booth i
checked out their equipment and after thinking about it for all of five seconds i decided
to buy them but not right away i decided to save my money get them for my birthday and
which i did so now i own a pair of astro a30 gaming headsets with a powered mix amp which
is perfect for xbox 360 pc television and cell phone and i have to say audio quality
is quite phenomenal compared to what i was used to listening to sorry we just we i'm
yelling with the chatters because apparently we had a drop but i'm showing that we've we
didn't usually if we drop we show that our scent information drops way down but i don't
see that so whatever no they're just saying it because i'm on the phone they're just like
drop the stream so i get off the phone no haters gonna hate the timer reset to one minute
30 seconds so maybe there was a hiccup but that's weird because usually that number resets
anyway podcast listeners don't care about this so exactly the hardware so how how expensive
is this thing supposed to be okay the headset itself is 129 dollars the mix amp is 99 but
you can get it as a bundle for 199 dollars is it worth it if you're an audiophile i say
yes but if you're looking to change your normal headphones for your cell phone or mp3 player
if you're looking for something a bit of a change like for mobile gaming i would definitely
go with the headset stand alone the mix amp like i said gives better audio quality i mean
one of the songs i actually tested to see how well the clarity of the music is was low-keys
uh verbalicious remix which is one of my personal now here's the thing though are those um headphones
surround sound headphones or are they just standard headphones the headphones itself
are standard you get the surround sound 7.1 with the mix amp i have those kind of headsets
i like the headset with the surround sound built-in it's kind of fun yeah i've got a
pair at home but i i paid a lot less than 200 for them yeah me too uh because they're
i don't they weren't turtle beach i don't remember how i got their tritons the ones
i have i i actually tried on a pair of tritons and they were phenomenal i was playing them
with uh bioshock too all right well rama i'm gonna let you go so we can get some more calls
but uh anything else you want to plug here on the show real quick before i let you go
no uh ook chan already plugged it for me so i'm gonna run high back under my rock for
the next seven days we'll see you in seven days you got it all right bye all right uh
thank you rama sorry i was a little distracted during that call but those things happen 1-877
game olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call
oh there go look at that phone's ringing right off the hook hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this hi this is act deaf hey act deaf what's on your mind buddy uh i just want to
talk about um the email uh rama sent you okay a little tangent about it uh i i don't uh
well i don't have any accessories or a very expensive video game i think the most expensive
one i have paid for is uh vidminia 12 right sky but i have spent tons and tons of money
on pokemon plushies pokeballs and why is that is it and you know i was thinking that this
call was going to go in the direction of because you live in mexico and not every company releases
their products officially in mexico sometimes you have to pay these crazy ass import fees
and is is it kind of along the same lines for pokemon well most of the time uh since
a friend helped me uh get get most of the stuff i uh i get from the united states so
i very important so i i pretty much pay what you would pay uh for something like that but
it's still a pretty expensive uh little hobby if you want if you want to call it like that
how often do you because you don't live that far from the u.s border right you're about
what two hours i think you said once uh i live pretty much uh 10 minutes to the border
oh shit i live pretty close oh okay shit that's nothing so how often do you just drive up
into uh the states to pick up what you want well uh unfortunately i can't right now because
i don't have a passport or a visa oh so i cannot cross the border but i used to and
uh well depends on how much traffic is there it usually it can take up to an hour to cross
the border and pretty much go to the to the to the next town there's a game stop uh there's
a mall too and there's a best buy and there's pretty much uh uh well very uh renowned stores
uh to go and buy stuff and so it's not that difficult and please tell me you live in one
of those parts of mexico i'm not seeing on the news like you live in one of the safer
parts i hope um more or less you know take care of yourself buddy i don't i don't like
some of the stuff i see on the news it makes me very sad so it is safe around where i live
but we we live pretty close to to some of the other parts that you do see on tv so yeah
it's it's not that bad right now but it's not that good either well i'm sending happier
thoughts your guys's way because i always you know it's when i see that stuff on the
news i believe it or not i do think about i know people in mexico and i hope this is
not something they're they're having to deal with you know but mexico is a big place so
i know there's a lot of like parts you see on tv and parts that are just fine so um anyhow
didn't mean to steer the conversation a totally different direction but that'll happen sometimes
on olr um yeah recent games you've been playing you want to talk about uh not many that uh
pretty much i i did play uh the walking dead on steam i got it for free on uh on the tail
tall tale twitter account oh okay very cool yeah pretty thoughtful of them to give me
one yeah but it's a pretty cool game not not that much action but story and and the decisions
you take it's pretty much uh well compelling it sucks you in i hear it's a great game i've
really got to check it out at some point i just i know nothing about the books or the
tv show but that doesn't matter it can still be a great game i still need to play the jurassic
park game which even though i know that game got kind of razzed i i like the movies well
enough right now i have weird al in my head jurassic park is frightening in the dark oh
donna summer are running i remember another song but um no i don't sing dead well all
right all right act up i'm gonna let you go buddy so we can try and get another call but
take care okay you too and i mean that take care bye 1877 game olr username on skype is
orange laundry donna summer i know i was trying to say at work i was i was legitimately verklempt
by that news i was so sad i mean granted i know honestly i'd go ahead there was a death
i was more saddened by robin gibb no no bg's no um by uh adam yelch uh mca yeah that that
was because he was young too well it's not just you know that he was famous it was all
the good stuff he was doing and just how absolutely brilliant of a person he was that big chorizo
fan so donna summer you know and i know there's been a lot of stuff said about her and some
of her relationship with the gay community in the past but you know a lot of that was
in the past and sometimes the media likes to take things and run with it so you know
what i think donna summer was a pretty okay lady and and she had a lot of wonderful wonderful
songs and and it's just me or did she stay gorgeous yes she did she sure did so you know
1877 game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio um oh we have a call coming in
right now so let's go to it hi you're on orange launch radio who's this chugga chugga chugga
choo choo you sexy people it's jib sally hey your trains your trains behind schedule you're
usually on the bobby blackpool show but you're delayed three hours tonight i got delayed
i went on the wrong side of the tracks well you know we we've been saying for a few weeks
now that you know we made a left turn at alberkirky and other folks we used to work with made
a right so i was thinking maybe you just maybe you just made the wrong turn at alberkirky
listen you can't you can't make any can't do anything right when you're doing it in
alberkirky that's very true that's very true so what's up jim listen we were talking we
talked earlier about putting multiplayer and things in different games it needs to be in
skyrim i'm playing this stupid game a lot and lately and i i wish there was like every
night again i'd roll up to somebody like me that was uber powerful and could kill everything
and it had way too much money well what do you think about the whole elder scrolls online
we were talking about that either last week or the week before you know i guess that's
trying to appease some of these people who want their multiplayer uh elder scrolls is
that enough for you i think it would be great if it was just little missions like go out
and hunt a criminal like if i do a lot of bad stuff in the town maybe that town can
just pay another player to come chase me and good luck because you ain't gonna kill jim
sally in this game i'm stupid powerful do you find when you're playing these games like
i'm an accountant so i'm very good with numbers and maximizing productivity i find i just
overpower everything in the game it's it's pretty insane right now i i wonder if um
there'll be some type of how do you play skyrim on the pc or do you play on console um i played
on the console because consoles are better and and um i'm better so that's why i played
on the console i gotta say though that might end up being the problem and what keeps you
from multiplayer because i seem to remember on pc now granted i play on the console too
and i play on the playstation 3 which most people say is the worst way to play it but
i don't care um the thing is is that on the pc that game gets modded and even oblivion
ended up having a multiplayer mod in it at some point so i don't i i would firmly believe
there's going to be some type of unofficial multiplayer mod for skyrim eventually yeah
but i'm never gonna see it on the console that's true that's when they when they did
it on the on the pc it was janky like someone would pause the game and then my game would
just not work i'd have to sit there and wait for two minutes while the guy plays with his
menus and then i would get the pause and he'd have to wait for two minutes while i play
with my menus they need like oblivion needs to do it oblivion sorry bethesda needs to
do it right well you know it's anything's possible we don't know much about these expansions
that are supposed to be coming to skyrim i imagine an e3 will finally hear about this
first expansion that's coming to skyrim um but since they haven't been releasing them
with the frequency that they did for oblivion you know these packs are going to be huge
so i would say nothing's off the table maybe we're going to get multiplayer in an expansion
pack but i kind of don't think they're going to cannibalize from elder scrolls online i
kind of think it's skyrim is going to stay single player and they're going to really
try to push you to pay that monthly fee if you want to take it multiplayer so it's about
time that they just let obsidian do it for them they make the best sequels to games perfectly
solid and stable they should just let obsidian make it they've done it with follow let them
do it with oblivion well i i hope they're listening to your suggestion but sadly they
probably aren't all right you got that right all right well jim anything else you want
to share with us tonight also yeah i play way too much of that walking dead game that
the last caller just called about hey people are loving it oh my god the one you you know
what brother i'm going to tell you this right now the only the hardest part about the zombie
apocalypse we'll be pretending i'm not excited oh my god kim sally's getting ready i'm getting
ready well i i i will pass the word along to my friend at telltale because they're very
proud of that game and they should be and you know before we were talking about minecrafts
you know record-breaking figures uh walking dead was doing very well for itself on xbox
live arcade so uh i i think that's some really good news you know because there's a lot of
people that think adventure games are like a niche thing you know and yeah telltale's
filling that niche very well but walking dead's really kind of broken a mainstream forum and
i'm happy for him and for adventure game fans everywhere really you got that right but anyway
brother i gotta take off but i was probably with people i want to call in all right so
i just want to say everybody that if you go to bed and you don't think about zombies coming
then maybe you're not scared enough or too scared something to ponder in bed tonight
oh jim hung up there you go i like it when he calls us i like it when he calls bobby
too but you know it's okay if he misses that train and calls us once in a while too do
a little alternating all right that's going to do it for the skype line tonight thank
you guys uh who tried to call i'm sorry if you didn't get through but please send us
an email mailbag at orange lounge radio.com in the meantime um any other last minute stories
i want to get to these twitter topics i have a few of them my brain is broken rob it requires
pinkberry let me quit we might be able to manage that let me quickly do some twitter
topics here from act deft a lot of indie games on sale until june 1st for the pc steam and
ios android support indie devs because we made dot com that's right we didn't even bring
that up during the show shame on us i think that's a great thing to support at least look
into it guys because we made dot com uh act deft also wants to share that you can get
the awesome knots theme song for free if you haven't played awesome knots yet it has an
awesome theme song and you should definitely check it out uh i'll do a few more tweets
here but let me ask uh loki first any last minute stories uh yeah i was gonna talk about
um shoot mania which was part of this mania planet series you may remember them from track
mania um shoot mania is their um fps editor and it also is a game um shoot mania storm
is the first thing they have right now that's in beta and they actually have the registration
open for that uh you can check it out but um it looks pretty cool and you can basically
create your own fps game with this and they've got all the tools to make i think it's an
online fps maker um also should be noted that they're supposed to have quest mania at some
point so that means a really cool rpg maker so kind of interested in that sign up for
the beta so we'll see when that happens i was checking that out by the way the binding
of isaac's one of the games when they were two bucks oh yeah yeah i was actually gonna
pick that up this weekend thanks for reminding me a couple more tweets here ionotropic tweets
us on uh twitter.com slash olr ragdorok odyssey for vita is it gonna be awesome or not well
it's hard to say when the game's not in front of me but uh did you even know that that was
coming to the vita no yeah i didn't i don't even know anything about it didn't care i
will check it out put up exceed oh why not why not i don't i don't have a vita so i don't
really care you can borrow mine all right uh going now that you've got your ipad going
to a couple don't hate me going to a couple tweets from tiger claw death spank the bakening
indie game the movie will be steam's first full-length film release i had no idea steam
was looking into doing this but apparently steam is going to start giving out movies
that's right the 1080p video will be drm'd as much as any other steam product or game
for those of you that were worried about that um so you will have to have the steam client
in order to watch it but you can pre-order the movie on steam for $8.99 that includes
a 10 discount until june 12th when the movie's coming out so this is a new area for steam
now they're gonna take on itunes hey by the way huh you know what else is um on that uh
sale on steam since you mentioned it what's that psychonauts five bucks five bucks guess
who's buying it and not buying minecraft you know what though it's pretty hard psychonauts
is a good choice even even the most hardcore of minecraft fan would be hard to argue with
you there um i'm trying to load up this other story from tiger claw but our internet's being
a little wonky but it's titled a video game designed to help doctors to recognize drug
abuse what the hell would that game be but it's not loading because the website is being
wonky let me try one more time here there it goes um let's see it's probably heroine
hero or heroine hero where you have to chase the chase the giant sword it's using the same
technology used to train fbi agents in interrogation tactics a combination of self-disclosure and
non-verbal cues the game uses an actor's voice to stimulate a hypothetical conversation with
a patient seeking for example pain relievers the program generates responses based on the
doctor's questions and the doctor must identify indicators of possible addiction or abuse
based on the simulated patient appearing on screen before them so this is something where
you're the doctor you're trying to recognize a patient that's asking for a drug who might
be addicted to them this sounds like la noir you're looking for those hidden cues to let
you know if there's a problem or not that's kind of weird in a way but but neat i guess
that you know video games are being used out there in the real world that's going to do
it for twitter any other last minute stories tonight loki no that's it all right then that
brings us to the end of the show we're ending a little bit early tonight but uh that's because
you know we unfortunately didn't have that interview happen but hey you know what things
happen i really hope you guys out there enjoy the rest of your memorial day weekend um let's
go around and get everybody's final thought before we wrap it up for tonight dark soccer
we'll start with you your final thought freaking steam and stuff on sale taking all your money
uh my final thought tonight is be sure to check out girls gone wow we love them they're
a great show and i was their guest this week so i need to make sure that i plug that appearance
at some point girls gone wow dot net uh loki time for more minecraft time for more minecraft
uh thank you guys so much for downloading our show or listening live however you are
tuning in and for supporting independent radio and independent broadcasting you know we say
if you like what you hear tell a friend or two or five about the show apparently i blender
was telling me he brought in some friends of his from playstation home to listen to
the network tonight that's exactly the types of stuff we're looking for so thank you to
blender and thank you to everybody who is helping to spread the word and no thank you
to playstation hope for not upping the caps limit of their clubs right because we want
to have like everybody in our clubhouse but we can only have 25 people and it's it was
maxed out a year ago so i'm sad but maybe maybe things will change someday anyway um
that's it we're done we're out of here have a wonderful week we will not be here live
next week very important bobby will we will not we will see you live in two weeks we will
be on the podcast feed next week however with a pre-taped show hardcore yeah all right have
a great week everybody be safe don't be a dick and good night you've been listening
to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us
for a live show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern
the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or fog network but you know they were all still true see you
next week
