Today, May 6, 2012, Call of Duty Black Ops 2 is revealed, The Elder Scrolls Online is
a reality, and we talk to video game hip hop artist, Megaran.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 456, yes that's 456, of our show on this May the 6th, that's
5-6, 2012.
A lot of you numerology skeptic people have a lot to look forward to in tonight's show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you to talk about numbers and video games
and gaming culture and all that good stuff with my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to the one and only Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
To quote Eddie Izzard from Mystery Man, to paraphrase I should say, but Mani isn't dead,
but Mani is life.
Eddie Izzard was in Mystery Man?
He was the leader of the Disco Boys.
That was Eddie Izzard?
I'm gonna be honest, I know this isn't the popular opinion, I didn't really care for
that movie when I saw it.
That movie was great.
It was okay, but I saw it so long ago.
Avengers, Avengers, Avengers.
The other cynic voice you hear over there is the one and only tech master, Loki.
I have also not seen the Avengers.
I have not seen the Avengers, I'm like the one person in the world.
You both are lame.
We are lame.
Well I'll explain my reasons in a minute, but first I have to plug the ever present
fourth guest on our show, The Chatters.
That's right, head on over to vognetwork.com, you can't miss it, we're a brand new start
up network at VOG, so our chat is right there in the middle of the screen, and you can join
our chat room and chat with us, and you might have heard on tonight's show, we have an interview.
I'm excited, we haven't had an interview in a long time, and I was thinking about this
last week, I was like, can either of you name who the last person was on the show and when?
We had like a legit interview going on on the show.
I don't remember.
I could not remember.
What about Snake360dude?
No, it wasn't Snake360dude.
It wasn't Snake360dude.
No, it wasn't Snake360dude, it was the guy that was behind Technokitten Adventures.
That was a year ago, it was Technokitten Adventure.
Well we talked to him again, didn't we?
No, I don't think so.
Because he has Nyan Cat Adventures, which is the same thing.
Anyway, he sold it off to an iPhone developer.
And we had the Orange Lounge game.
Mmhmm.
Yeah.
Well I think we did have YYRs, who you're thinking of.
And he was on the show.
But I wasn't technically on the interview, because he did, you know, was he plugging
the new game?
Yeah, he's kind of a listener of the show anyway, so it's weird to call that an interview.
Where is the new game?
Where is it?
He said it's being worked on, but I think he had some other stuff going on.
You know what?
Beggars can't be choosers.
Let him take his time.
Alright, but anyway, tonight, we posted to Twitter earlier in the week, and we were like,
hey guys, who do you want us to interview on the show?
Like within reason.
You know, we're not going to be able to get Reggie Fils-Aime, okay, we're not a television
network or something.
We're not going to get those folks.
And so we kind of fielded some of the responses.
And one idea that I really liked was getting Mega Ran on our show.
Now if you guys don't know Mega Ran, he also goes by Random, and he does this like video
game hip hop music.
And I know some of you guys are probably sitting at that going, what, what?
Video game hip hop?
What is that?
It's awesome.
This is what it sounds like.
I'm only going to tease you a little bit with this.
Check out this.
That song is called Splash Woman, and you can like hear it in the background, like that
riff.
And then he's kind of, you know, has some verses that he's laying down about Splash
Woman or his Splash Woman.
It's brilliant.
I love it.
Anyway, I can't play the whole thing.
I can't give that away because you got to go to his website if you want the whole thing
there, iTunes or whatever.
But that's one of his like bigger, well-known songs, Splash Woman.
That was amazing.
Capcom loved it, grabbed him, said, you got, you got to do more.
So he's got like a Mega Man 9, he's got a Mega Man 10, and we're going to ask him about
some of his other projects.
He's not just a Capcom guy.
He's got Final Fantasy.
We're going to talk to him a little later on in the show, 6.30 to be exact.
So if you're a Mega Ran fan who saw the shout out on Twitter and all that, it was waiting
for him to come on the show, 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern is when he's going to be here.
But join our chat room because we are a live show.
Random was awesome enough to agree to do a live interview.
And so you can actually ask your questions live in our chat room, vognetwork.com.
Don't ask them yet because I'll lose them before the interview starts.
But when we get going, when we get Random on the phone, you can ask those questions.
All right.
Anyhow, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks or VOG Network right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
Hope you'll join us live sometime even if you missed our action-packed show tonight.
Before we get into our gaming weeks, the type of video games we've been playing, we usually
like to kind of have a kickoff topic and we kind of got into it a little bit already,
but everybody's talking about everybody, everybody in the geek world talking about the Avengers.
Dark Sakura, I know you were there.
I know you went and saw the Avengers movie.
You're a comic fan.
You're a Marvel fan.
Ed Joss.
What?
Ed Joss.
Oh, Ed Joss Whedon.
You're a Joss Whedon fan.
How was the Avengers movie?
Oh my God.
It was beautiful.
And I'm sorry everybody if I sound kind of like a 12-year-old boy today, I've had allergies.
I went to see it.
I loaded myself up on Sudafed and Allegra and ate Ricolas and Junior Mints the entire
time, which are an odd combination, but oddly work.
And I was just like, oh, Hawkeye, this is the Hawkeye movie.
Why is he evil?
Not to spoil, but I mean, Jeremy Renner's ass, I mean, please.
I wanted to reach out and touch it, but Dan was next to me.
Anyway.
In full 3D?
Anyway, I have to tell you about what was running through my head the entire movie.
All right.
I have a new ship.
I am totally sailing on the Hawkeye Black Widow ship because, oh my God.
Aren't there, I know a lot of you don't read gossip websites, but I think I read something
about, cause you know, I read all that trash.
I think I read something, something about Jeremy Renner and Scarlett Johansson.
They've been flirty.
Like there's pictures of them on the red carpet, flirty.
So you know what?
If I get pretty, I bet there's a lot of men out there that would like a shot at Scarlett
Johansson.
So, you know, and it's all because of him is the whole reason I want to see that Mission
Impossible movie, him and Simon Peck because hello.
Um, so yeah, I can say first of all, because it's a Joss production, there is the Joss
death.
I will not tell you who.
And Dan's like, it's going to be Hawkeye.
No, don't spoil.
I'm not spoiling, but it did make me go, damn you man.
Like I did with Wash.
Okay.
And stay during the credits.
Yes.
Oh my God.
What was that?
What was that?
So one does not simply go to a Marvel movie and not stay through the credits.
Exactly.
Cause now keep in mind, I'm not just meaning the cause you know, there's that like that
lovely designed a bit of credits where they give you the big stuff and the main guys who
is in it, who were in it, sorry.
And then they give you a preview for whatever the next one is, which I'm not going to spoil,
but if nobody gets it, please ask me.
I will be more than happy to explain to you what it is and why you should pee your pants.
And then, but the very end of the movie and really listen very carefully to the dialogue
right before the credits.
That's all I'm having to say.
Tiger claw on our chat and chat chatters.
Don't spoil.
Don't do it.
If you spoil your getting kicked to the private messages, take your spoil into the private
messages.
Uh, just double click on some of these names and you can private message him.
Uh, and you can, you can talk a double click on dark soccer.
I will gush you all.
You're in the show.
Okay.
Talk to her.
Um, I have to tell you, everybody in that movie was cast perfectly.
Let's go to the chat room real quick at vog network.com a tiger.
Claw says you're going to see a lot more of Jeremy Renner.
He's taken over the born movies, the Matt Damon, born conspiracy, all that stuff.
Yeah.
Those board movies are pretty awesome.
Actually.
I'm, I'm excited about that.
How do you think so?
I'm better than Matt Damon.
I mean, come on.
It's Matt Damon.
I just didn't care about the board movies.
SSJ 100.
Matt says I give it to Joss Whedon.
He didn't mess it up because I had my doubts.
I think there were a lot of people.
Did you hear this?
Over the weekend, not only the biggest opening weekend ever, which nobody thought Harry Potter,
you know, part two or part eight or whatever could ever be topped, but two, 200 million
plus for the weekend.
And a, this is the, this is the other real telling thing.
Um, hunger games beat that.
No, no.
Hunger games didn't beat it either.
A, I mean, hunger games was huge, but didn't beat it.
A plus cinema score that in cinema score.
Those are the pollsters that go out and talk to the people right after the movie.
I actually pulled for them once.
They were out in Roseville one time and I don't even remember what the movie was, but
they pulled me on it and they actually take, you know, they grade it a plus rating from
cinema score.
That's, that's huge because that means word of mouth is going to get out there that, Hey,
this movie doesn't suck.
Go see it.
And, uh, going to some other chats, uh, panaxium, I hope I pronounced that right in the VOG
network chat room said Avengers did something amazing.
They combined multiple heroes in a single movie without breaking it because hello.
Who else could do that?
But the Joss, I'm sorry.
So I have to say, I have to say, I have to say everybody was characterized perfectly.
The interaction was perfect.
And um, for those of you who read ultimates, yeah, it does take a little bit from the first.
It really does seem like it's based a bit more off of ultimates with a good splash of
six one six universe in it.
So yeah, it, it, um, it's really good.
And no, the Hulk doesn't smash Jar Jar Binks, although I'd pay to see that.
I would pay for that Star Wars slash, you know, Avengers movie.
I have to tell everybody what my favorite line in the movie is and it's not a spoiler,
but it, cause they did the first half of it in the trailer is this whole scene where Iron
Man's flying back and the huge thing is flying behind him and he says, guys, I'm bringing
the party to you.
Well, the next scene is Black Widow standing there with this completely confused look on
her face saying, I don't see how this is a party.
That's the best line in the whole movie.
All right, let me go to a couple more comments from chat and then we'll move on.
It is a video game show, but look, we're all geeks at the end of the day and they're making
an Avengers video game.
So well, actually I was going to ask, where is the video game?
It is coming.
It's strike while the iron is hot.
I mean, well, I guess the Avengers is something that's kind of always rush the game out.
Okay.
Perfect.
Let's have a sub plan better.
It would have been out for the movie, but I'm willing to do something like ultimate
Alliance honestly, cause that was both.
The second one did the whole civil war thing and it was kind of crap, but the first one,
I love the gameplay in both of the games.
They were just fantastic.
I would totally dig an Avengers movie done in ultimate Alliance style.
All right, so go into our chat room.
There is a hater.
We do have a hater in the chat room.
You know that every, every big fandom is going to have its haters.
Rama's in the chat room saying, fuck Joss Whedon, James Cameron will come back strong
with avatar too.
Yeah.
Cause he came out strong with avatar one.
That was some cheesy piece of shit.
Uh, okay.
Look low key.
Okay.
Yeah.
Cause everybody bought into, Oh my God, I have to see this in 3d.
My eyes will be blown out of my head.
It was just such a terrible story and just wasn't bad.
It was terrible.
In one of those movies, you want, I don't want to admit they like just like guys, guys,
guys, man, man, please, no, don't worry about ripoffs and who's going to come out on top.
There hasn't been a real original idea since the sixties.
Maybe they're all going to take your money.
Let's be real.
One day we hit the day where all of the ideas have been used up and everything is derivative
deal the fuck with it.
They're going to make Titanic more 3d it's what's going to happen.
Deal with it.
Falling sunglasses.
A technist in our chat room says, this does mean that if they ever do an Avengers sequel
or another Marvel movie without Joss Whedon, it will never be as good.
What do you think?
Agreed.
And honestly, given the big spoiler, not spoiler, I should say, but the big preview of the next
movie, Joss has to do it.
There's nobody who can handle that except maybe, and, and please forgive me for saying
this, Chris Claremont, please tell me it's Buffy and the Avengers.
They'll just have Treyarch do it and then they'll add zombies.
I mean, the only other person who I've seen handle characters like that and yeah, he did
kind of fuck up most of the modern Marvel stuff, but back in the day, Chris Claremont
was the man.
He's the one who gave us dark Phoenix.
He's the one who took X-Men from being, you know, just the crap of the bottom of the Marvel
bin and made it the top a player it is now.
So now I don't mean to start a nerd war, but there are two movies I am looking forward
to a lot.
Like, you know, the Avengers.
I was like, okay, I don't really read a lot of Marvel, but you know, I'm into it.
I liked the, the Iron Man movie was good and all the movies are good.
I'll go see it.
I just don't want to see it opening weekend.
I don't, I knew the crowds are going to be insane.
One thing Tiger Claw also did say, and let's not forget Joss Whedon also wrote comics.
He did write Astonishing X-Men when it came out.
But there are two movies coming out that I'm really looking forward to.
One of them I'm going to get smack talked for and I don't even care.
I want to see the Dark Shadows movie next week.
I want to see it.
And I know people are like, it looks stupid.
What's it?
The original soap opera was stupid and so was the 90s revival, but that's what made
it awesome.
And like if, if they, I'm a little worried cause I hated that Alice in Wonderland reboot,
but if they did it right, it's, it's going to be a fun time.
So I'm looking forward to that cautiously.
And Michelle Pfeiffer is a flaw free goddess.
Just Michelle Pfeiffer is a flaw free goddess.
Helena Bonham Carter.
Also a flaw free goddess.
Go see Stardust to know what I'm talking about.
I know, right?
With Michelle Pfeiffer.
Amazing.
I'll see anything to her in it.
I have that on HD DVD.
I sat through an Oprah book of the month turned into a movie for Michelle Pfeiffer cause I
love her that much.
And hello, the best, the only Catwoman, which leads me to, I am still excited a lot about
this Batman movie, really, really excited about the third Batman movie.
You know, I'm kind of two thoughts about that one, but you know what preview I saw that
I will be there to see because I love the original so much.
Frankenweenie I'm serious.
That looks adorable and I freaking love Frankenweenie so shut up.
Don't judge.
I see you judging.
I'm judging a little bit.
Stop judging me.
All right.
Video games back.
Yeah.
As much as we love to talk movies and all that.
We got it.
It's all about the Tron series starting in June.
We can all agree on that.
Tron is King.
Yes.
A couple of weeks away.
Disney XD.
I am there.
Finally.
OLR Avengers assemble.
Tron.
Woo.
Okay.
OLR is assemble.
All right.
Thank God.
We agree on something.
As long as I get to be Hawkeye.
All right.
There's no Hawkeye in Tron.
You fool.
There should be Hawkeye in Tron.
You know?
Oh, I have to say, I have to say.
We got to get to games.
We got to get to games.
You know why?
You know why?
There were all these Disney trailers before.
There were a bunch of Disney trailers before the Avengers movie because Disney bought Marvel.
But they also did a whole series of superhero comic book covers.
Duntron style.
Yes.
I saw that.
It was amazing.
Yeah.
They were epic.
I loved them as Marvel.
But anyway.
Okay.
All right.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
Join us in our chat.
Vognetwork.com.
We're getting into.
The Spider-Man trailer was good.
What was your gaming week?
What kinds of games did you play this week?
I played Portal 2 because that's the only thing I could get to run because my internet
was just, has been crap all week and it's the last week before finals.
I've also had a crap ton of design work to do.
So Mass Effect came out of the box.
Oh my gosh.
I didn't get played, but it got opened.
You tease.
I know.
And yes, Frankenweenie really.
Frankenweenie's awesome.
Shut up.
Zombie dogs.
Anyway.
Uh, I, I actually did play through some Portal 2 and I played a little bit of WoW, but like,
okay, this is what was so stupid.
All right.
I get in queue and I'm sorry for going off on WoW stuff, but this just made me fart angry
farts.
Okay.
I was trying to play WoW and I was in queue and then while, and then I didn't realize
how close I was to a level.
So I did a cooking daily level got kick out of queue.
Oh shoot.
You know, at 13 minutes of waiting in queue.
So I get kicked out, whatever.
So anyway, yeah, it did take me 13 minutes to do a cooking daily.
Um, so then I get back in another queue and we all get in and everything's happy.
We're in there.
Yay.
Queue.
And then, Oh, I'm going to leave.
Log off.
Fine.
Offline.
What?
Everybody leaves the party.
As soon as I get my quest, I'm like, all of you suck.
And I just logged off for the day.
Die in a hundred fires.
May the fleas of a thousand camels nest in your genitals.
You didn't even get, I, I was here, I was waiting for you to talk about Warcraft and
your anger rant about children's week.
And speaking of things that he's saving that for the FUs of the week, because I cannot
get my Drake this year because of children's week whores.
She just wanted her virtual pony.
Bring your child to your virtual world.
Your orphans into bloody battlegrounds and slay things in front of them and have a little
five year old wander behind you while you're in the firelands.
She's right.
That's what it is.
It's like, I was telling, that seems very unsafe.
I was telling Becky and Becky doesn't really, she's not really into well, she doesn't play
it.
Nothing to that.
I was telling her about children's week and her reply was, Oh my God, that's fucked up.
And it is the best place to, when you had to do the five dailies thing, the fastest
place to get it done is firelands if you're 85.
So you just run them through, Oh, this thing is setting you on fire.
Oh, you're stabbing fire dogs in the face and little kids wandering behind you going,
this is cool.
And then you eat ice cream in front of them for an achievement.
Yes you do.
Called bad example.
Yes you do.
That was great.
And then you give them a gun and a kite.
I never really thought about how messed up Blizzard is with this holiday.
Actually, it's kind of disturbing.
And then you give all of the children toy swords and say, go back to the matron.
She has to deal with you now.
You're not my problem.
So I'm not really understanding why this is a problem.
Is it because you have to make sure that they're safe or is it just like, no, they just have
to follow you because they're, they're lonely orphans cooped up in the orphanage all day
and they want to get out and see the world and children's week is a time for them to
do that.
Oh, and one of the achievements is you have to hearth back while you have your orphan
with you.
So you leave your orphan behind in another town across the world, like no child left
behind or something like that.
Oh my God.
And of course I have the stupid human kid following me around.
If I do this crap next year, cause I get, I do want the pets and I did get my pet, but
if I do this next year, then I'm gonna get the drawn eye kid.
You know, the only children in the game that I like is that little bloodthirsty blood elf
kid that hangs out with all the orcs.
You know what I'm talking about?
I have to kill this guy for my daddy and I like the gem and the holograms wandering around
dark wind fair.
Uh, Ziba in our chat room makes a great suggestion for dark soccer.
Just stop playing.
Wow.
Then shut up.
Picaruna wants me to be on hard house.
Rob, we can arrange that.
You should come back on hard house.
I love it.
All right.
Hoard house.com is the spinoff show all about work.
All right.
Other games.
Loki.
I know you got something else to talk about.
Uh, yeah, I don't play a while.
So um, I play Call of Duty, my warfare three and honestly that's, it's all I really played
this week because I only played it at work and um, you know, the rest of the time I've
been working on my portal to papercraft thing, which I'm almost completely, I'm about 99%
done with the body of the portal turret.
Did you see that amazing portal cake that was out there on the internet with like a
cake falling through the portal?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
You gotta see it.
It's great.
I'll find it and link my tumblr.
Everyone should be looking at my tumblr.
Uh, kurotsubasa.
You know, kind of a running theme throughout tonight with the, you know, our guests to
make Iran and the Fugu question we're going to get into is, you know, creating art inspired
by video games.
What is it about?
And you're, you're basically making art based on portal to granted it might be on a template
that's already out there or whatever with your own flare.
But what is it about this game that makes you want to have a piece of it in the real
world?
Because they're funny.
They're funny little things.
And if they sold those, I'd probably buy some.
Um, and I don't count the, the stuffed ones cause they look stupid.
But I'm talking about like an actual, you know, if NECA for example, made a full size
portal turret that talked in like, you know, shut air stuff, BBs or something like that.
I would probably buy two or three.
Um, but I don't know.
I just kind of wanted to put it together just to try it cause it was a cheap project.
Um, although now I'm looking at, you know, okay, I want it to look a little bit better.
So now I have to use Bondo and Plex or not Plex, uh, fiberglass, which sounds like a
load of fun except it's not.
Um, so I don't know if I'm going to do that or not.
Uh, we'll see.
But, um, yeah, that's just fun right now.
You know, I did a portal turret in, uh, uh, Maya as my final projects.
Yeah.
I remember seeing that.
Um, I don't know.
It was just fun.
So that's what I did.
I've been looking at, um, getting portal two for, well, redeeming my copy of portal two
on steam that I have for my PS3.
Um, I still have to do that or look at it or whatever.
I mean, if it doesn't work, whatever.
I mean, it's so cheap now.
I'm sure I can get it, you know, a few bucks.
And then I also want to get Skyrim on PC now too, because of all the like cool mods that
they have.
Oh, I regret buying Skyrim on PlayStation three just because I'm missing out on all
these darn mods.
I thought Sony said they were, I, maybe I was just hallucinating, but I thought Sony
said they were going to bring some of the best ones to PlayStation three.
Yeah.
Well, what did they ever do?
This steam stuff for, you know, portal to nothing.
I mean, it's, I don't know.
So I may do that.
And then, um, I mean, I guess I played a little bit of the perfect strangers adver game thing.
That was kind of fun.
I actually played it a few times because I liked watching the, or reading the dream board
that had a lot of references to having sex with very large women and, uh, you know, stuff
of that nature.
It was kind of funny.
Um, yeah, that's pretty much all I played.
Um, yeah, yeah, that's pretty much it.
I kind of wish I'd, I did want to play some Skyrim this week.
I'm going to go back, but I'm afraid if I, if I dive back in, I'm going to be, that's
going to be another, like three months of my life.
Well, it's going to be more than three months because by the time I get to about three months,
they'll release the expansion.
Just over from there.
That's why I was like, Oh no, Skyrim online or not.
Skyrim.
Well, the other scrolls online.
I'm like, ah, crap.
Well, I'm going to have to play this, aren't I?
And then, uh, I started reading up on it and I was like, well, maybe not.
All right.
Um, my gaming week, um, not a lot of new stuff.
I did play Mass Effect.
I did.
Yes.
I played a lot of Mass Effect.
Let's get that out of the way.
Uh, Mass Effect three, I'm playing more, lots of side missions, working on the main missions.
I got to a really awesome part in the story that I don't want to spoil for you guys, but
it was, uh, I'll just say some, something involving the Citadel happened and it was
pretty awesome.
Um, and then, uh, multiplayer.
That's the, that's the thing that gets me.
I am really into multiplayer in this game, which you guys have to understand.
I don't really play a lot of Xbox live games online, especially things that are kind of
like shooters, although I don't know if I'd call Mass Effect a shooter, but it's, it's,
it's a shooter.
It's like a shooter RPG hybrid, more of a third person shooter now than it is an RPG,
I guess.
But my point is I can't think of a lot of games on Xbox live outside of arcade games
and music games like rock band that I've played online that I truly enjoyed.
Like I, one of the last ones is like Halo two, you want to go that back that far with
your pink guy, but I, yep, my red, but I love Mass Effect three online and I think a big
part of that and the community's great.
I mean, sometimes I hear random people like yelling at people across the room in their
own house, but you don't hear the same stuff like, you know, F you and you know, the racial
slurs and the, you know, um, sexuality slurs and things like that that typically are associated
with Xbox live.
I don't hear it in Mass Effect three.
Oh, that would be kind of funny though.
Like, you know, cause I'm assuming it's basically co-op against, you know, the enemy.
It'd be funny.
It would be funny to have people that are racist against the enemies, you know, that's
just Ashley.
But anyway, if you were, if you're a Mass Effect player, you'll get that joke.
But anyway, uh, yeah, the fact that it's co-op I think really leads to a different kind of
community for the game.
And you know, I, I'm sure it's not perfect.
Every community has their, you know, dumb asses, but this game's pretty awesome so far
from my experience.
And I'm, I'm, uh, motivated to continue to play it online.
I'm still not motivated to spend money on those boxes, but I have been saving up credits
and doing all that stuff.
So, uh, yeah, Mass Effect good times.
So I'll Mass Effect three gets a big endorsement for me.
Um, I haven't gotten to that ending yet.
I still am not spoiled on the ending yet.
I've heard, you know, obviously all the complaints about it, but let me tell you what, I've been
on this Mass Effect bang bandwagon.
I just started back in February and I sunk like 30 hours of Mass Effect one, 40 hours
of Mass Effect two, maybe like 45 or 50 after all the DLC.
And so far I'm up to about 21 hours of Mass Effect three.
That doesn't even count the hours of multiplayer I played.
The endings could be monkeys flinging poo at each other, and that's not going to rob
what was a great experience.
I mean, I might kind of go, wow, they really screwed that up or, you know, kind of say
that was shitty, you know, or compare it to the ending of the Sopranos, which wasn't that
great either.
But that's, you know, I'm not going to suddenly think, oh, I need to go return my copy of
Mass Effect three.
It's so terrible.
And the ending just ruined it for me.
So I'm going to our chat room at chat, excuse me, almost at the old one going to shit, vog
network.com.
Uh, tiger class says, Rob, I believe you have a crush on Kayden.
Techness says Mass Effect two was a completely different departure from the first Mass Effect
game.
But the more I played it, I like how more faster paced it is.
I, however, I'm thinking about finding a way to cheat.
So I don't have to do the stupid mining on the side.
Hey, here's the great news without spoiling Mass Effect three, all that crap out of the
way, all that crap out of the way.
So all right.
Uh, one of the game, I, uh, Mega Rants coming on in just a minute, we got to call him, but
I do want to mention quickly another game I played this week, a new game Fez on Xbox
live arcade, because everybody's telling me, Rob, this is like an eight bit looking game
with great music.
It's a puzzler.
It is right up your fucking alley.
Go play this game.
You play Fez now.
Fez is cool.
Fez is cool.
I like it.
Sorry.
Doctor Who reference.
Oh, I see.
Uh, well whatever.
Doctor, Doctor Who reference or not.
It's a pretty fun game.
Uh, quickly, the concept, it's the 2d world that you're in getting turned into a 3d world.
So you basically rotate the screen like it's a cube and everything you thought was a 2d
scroller is suddenly like has four different sides cause you don't really go up or down.
So it's just like the four sides of a cube and you know, you kind of, you get puzzles
out of that where you might have to climb up a vine on one side of the cube to get the
gem that's on another side of it.
The puzzles in the beginning are pretty simple, but from what I understand, there are some
killer hard puzzles that they call the anti cube puzzles and they're buried in things
like random QR codes that might be on the wall.
I've unlocked an anti cube.
I actually got the anti cube before I got a regular cube.
Here's a hint.
Read the achievements.
How to unlock an anti cube is in one of the achievements.
Minor spoiler, but whatever.
It's a gamer tip.
Take that.
Um, so a lot of depth to it and I thought I saw Pete Caruno and somebody in our chat
said, yeah, I'm a little late to the show tonight cause I was trying to get one of those
freaking cubes and Fez to unlock.
So apparently there's, it's like Castlevania Symphony of the night where there's like a,
a pretty easy game in the beginning.
And then once you, just when you thought you beat it, there's that twist of, Oh crap.
Now I have to do it all again, but it just got like 11 billion times harder.
All right.
Anyhow, that's it for my gaming week.
And Hey, how about that?
It is just about time for us to go to the phone and bring onto the program.
Mega ran video game, hip hop artist, he goes by random as well.
I like mega ran cause you know, mega man and all that stuff.
And obviously that was a lot of what he became famous for, but airman can't be beaten.
But uh, yeah, you know, we played a clip from a splash woman earlier.
We're going to play another song of his a little later here after the interview.
Just a talented guy really into the art and he, you know, he's made it like a Bobby joked
on his show earlier.
He got on sports center with a rap about Jeremy Lin.
So it's not, it's not just restricted to video games.
So, and I understand even better.
This guy is a teacher during the day.
He's a teacher IRL as we say, and he's this video game remixer on the side.
So I want to talk to him about his art and I want to open it up to you guys for your
questions on vog network.com.
So let's get random on the show right now.
I've punched in his number and we're giving him a call.
It is live radio.
Call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message just like the phone getting forwarded
to an automatic voicemail.
Let's try it one more time.
Maybe he was on the line and we're going to try that again real quick.
It is live and anything can happen on live radio and sometimes it might go to a voicemail.
Let's try it one more time here.
Call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system.
Boy, I think, I think, uh, I think he might be on the other line or something right now.
So all right.
That's all right.
These things happen in live radio.
We'll try him again in about three minutes.
So, uh, if you're a friend of MEGA's listening, you might want to tell him we're trying to
get through.
All right.
Uh, meanwhile, let's, uh, let's go to our first news story tonight.
Uh, Loki, I may cut you off if we can get through to MEGA, okay.
That's fine.
Well, I just mentioned the Elder Scrolls online.
It's being developed by ZeniMax online, not necessarily Bethesda, but you know, it's owned
by the same company and, uh, it will be an MMO based on the Elder Scrolls series.
It's going to take place on the entire land of Tamriel with, um, some of the places being
locked out initially because they're going to add them in expansions later on.
But, um, you know, definitely a lot of worlds including, you know, Skyrim, um, and, uh,
elsewhere and that kind of stuff.
Um, it's interesting though because actually this was from an article coming out of, like,
the latest issue of Game Informer and they had kind of shown off a little bit, um, of
the game.
At least some of the screenshots, uh.
One thing I don't really care for about it is that it's a third person perspective.
Now, I know that's an option in, like, the Elder Scrolls games to play as a third person
perspective, but I really like the first person aspect of it and I understand that the reason
that they wanted to go that route is because, you know, it'd be less of a learning curve
for people that are from, you know, other MMOs.
The problem is, though, they've made the game very similar to, kind of, World of Warcraft
and that's kind of, ehhhh.
Well, you know what they did is apparently they licensed BioWare's Star Wars The Old
Republic engine to do it.
That's what I'm hearing.
And it's kind of, I mean, I'm not shade in the BioWare game, I mean, Star Wars was alright,
but it's like, I like Elder Scrolls because of the Elder Scrolls engine.
I mean, it's weird.
Yeah.
Well, I have no problem with them doing, like, a third person's perspective or even, like,
having all those options, but at the same time also allow people to play the same way
you would play, like, a regular, you know, like, Skyrim or Oblivion or something like
that, like, from a first person perspective without, you know, necessarily the hotbar
and that kind of stuff.
Um.
I don't know.
Some of the other, uh, features that they're talking about also, they're gonna have, um,
you know, PVP battles also, some 100 vs 100 instances, in fact, one of them they explained
is you take over Cyrodiil's Imperial City and the winning faction, um, I guess, uh,
the greatest champion of the winning faction gets installed is the Emperor.
Let's try to go to Mega again, since it is, uh, 35 after right now and, you know, it is
live radio and, you know, he could be anywhere right now.
He could be, he could be in the basement writing his next hit and the cell signal might not
be catching.
Let's see if maybe he's, uh, come to the surface.
I'm gonna try to get through again real quick here.
Your call has been-
Oh, boy, that's really not good.
Alright.
Let's, uh, let's talk more about Elder Scrolls Online while we try to fix that.
Alright.
And then, um, let's see.
They also, uh, you know, they're showing off some of the different, uh, kind of artwork
for the game.
A lot of it's still very early, um, but, I don't know, it looks like a pretty cool game.
I'm just a little disappointed with the, you know, third person perspective thing, um,
but then again, I guess I got used to it with, you know, Final Fantasy XI and that kind of
stuff.
Um, and then some other stuff, not necessarily related to the Elder Scrolls Online, but Skyrim,
um, one of the rumored DLCs for it was supposed to be called Dawnguard, well that's been officially
announced now that Dawnguard will be the first, um, expansion to Skyrim and it'll be coming
out this summer and, of course, being, um, talked about during E3, um, and, you know,
the rumors, of course, um, that it's gonna feature, you know, uh, you know, crossbows
and, um, some other types of characters and races and stuff in there.
So, very interesting, um, might even be cool if they have, like, some of the, uh, because
remember when they had, like, this kind of a developer thing with Bethesda where it's
like, okay, we're giving you a week to come up with this really cool shit that, for Skyrim,
go!
And then they had, like, you know, spear throwing and, um, I wanna say that, like, the kill
cameras for Magic and stuff like that came out of that and, um, yeah, I'm pretty sure
crossbows probably will come out of that as well, so it would be neat to see some more
of that stuff in there.
I mean, they seem pretty creative, so, um, looking forward to that.
Um, and of course, also, we talked about this, I think, a little bit last week, but, uh,
the Kinect update finally came out now for Skyrim for the Xbox 360 and they have 200
voice commands added in there as well.
Ironically enough, not on the PC, even though there is Kinect on PC, but apparently there
are-
That won't stop people from hooking up their microphones and streaming foosurada!
Uh, apparently there's already mods available that have it.
And here's the other weird thing, too, is you have to have Kinect in order for those
voice mods to work.
You can't just use a headset, which is a little strange, but, you know, whatever, that's how
they did it.
All right, I'm gonna try again here, guys.
Let's cross our fingers and our toes that he's out of the bunker, wherever he's at right
now.
Oh my gosh, this is embarrassing, but these things happen.
You know, it's live!
Anything can happen live!
He did know what time we were gonna-
He did, and I- well, he's in Arizona, but they're on the same time as us right now.
Arizona's a funky state, because sometimes during the year they're like an hour ahead
and sometimes they're not.
Because Arizona does things their way.
That's right, their way or the highway.
But yeah, I used world clock to make sure everybody was on board with 630, but you know,
he's got a big project right.
He just did some Kickstarter thing that, you know, made a ton of money, and there- probably
I saw something on his Twitter about getting a voice actor to, you know, do some voices
for his project right now, so he's just- I guess he's just a little busy right now.
So we will keep trying here in just a little bit.
But uh, Loki, you mentioned you're not too interested in this Elder Scrolls MMO.
I'm not, it's just because, you know, I had imagined, you know, okay, it's basically gonna
be like Skyrim, but instead of just being in the world of Skyrim, you're gonna have,
you know, a lot of players running around and it's gonna be all time real.
That's kind of what I envisioned as, like, an MMO for the Elder Scrolls being like.
And then it was like, okay, it's gonna be a third person perspective.
Well, that's alright.
Oh, that's gonna have the hot bar, just like all the other MMOs.
It's like crap, you know, so basically you're doing- you're copycatting everything that
other MMOs are doing, because you wanna, you know, draw more people to it so that they're
not afraid of it, instead of taking a risk and actually doing some stuff that would get
the people that play your games normally to try the MMO, which I think that would be smarter
since there's a lot of people that buy the Elder Scrolls games, and I think that a lot
of people that play, like, you know, World of Warcraft and stuff would be fine with,
oh, it's first person perspective.
That's a little bit fresh.
It's a little different of an idea.
Instead of like, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click,
click, click, oh, dead.
Alright, go, next game, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, dead, okay, I
mean, it just sounds really boring.
That's why I don't play MMOs.
Of course, it's hard to say without seeing the game in action, right?
That's an important part of it, is that without really being able to see the game in action,
it's hard to judge it, right?
I mean, we are judging this off a few screenshots and what we do know about the engine, right?
Yeah, I guess, but I'm very unlikely to probably play this game now.
Right.
Okay, alright.
Um, well, um, I guess let's try Mega again, it's been 10 minutes, I, I, unfortunately,
it's um, deducting money from the Skype thingy every time I try, it's like, I can't afford
too many more tries, but I promised you guys an interview, so I'm going to do everything
I can.
I feel real bad if you MegaRan fans tuned in and we got to reschedule it, but let's
try it right now.
We're going to try one more time to get through here, after all it is live radio.
Yeah.
Oh, it's been forwarded.
Oh my gosh, is the phone even on?
Mega's phone may just not be on, maybe he was trying to nap, he's just so tired that
the darn phone isn't even on.
I think I'm going to send a tweet.
I actually already did, so we'll see.
I tweeted him, so hopefully he's going to see that and say, whoops, yeah, there's this
one place in my house I was, I can't stand or I'll lose cell signal and I was standing
in it, so there it is.
Well, we do have more stories.
That's right, we do have some more stories we can go over, so I think we'll go ahead
and get to that.
Dark Sakura, why don't you read one for us?
Sure.
How about Irrational and their desire for a Bioshock movie?
Well, they wanted to do a Bioshock movie.
They had somebody lined up, they had one Carlos Fresnadio and he walked out saying that the
video game company and the studio had to reach an agreement about the budget and the rating.
So now we have Gore Verbinski behind it who wants to make it really scary, but the studio
doesn't want to pay for it really.
He wants to do a rated R version, not at all interested in PG-13 or anything less.
I mean, basically the quote was the little sisters and injections and the whole thing.
I just wanted to really, really make it a movie where four days later you're still shivering
and going Jesus Christ.
I was going to say though, is Hollywood really ready for something like that?
Because let's be real, some of the themes in Bioshock and especially with the little
girls and the killer robots might be a bit much for some people.
And I realize there's a lot of sick films out there, but this, this might be pushing
it for some people.
We can have some kids out there killing each other with bows and arrows, but I guess it's
fine.
I mean, I would see it.
I watched Dan play through Bioshock because he was busy playing it and I couldn't play
it while he was playing it.
Right, right.
So yeah, of course I don't mind stuff like that.
I mean, it's not the human centipede, so, so that's good.
Oh my God.
My friend is so excited about the third one.
Oh God.
They're making a third one.
Yeah.
I going, speaking of movies that have no hundred and 50 people, movies with no redeeming qualities
whatsoever and her grandmother love the human centipede.
That's like the grandma's watching the Kim Kardashian sex tape.
You've met my friend Carly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's her.
Well, I don't know her grandma, but she's sick.
You're German.
What's that have to do with anything?
I don't know.
You know, Germans are all sick people.
No, it's just very strong stomach.
Very stoic.
A hundred and 50 people.
Really?
It's going to be low key.
You should, you should audition for the part of one of the victims.
I don't think that they're casting it's going to be CG.
You know that, but anyway, I would see this.
I would see a Bioshock movie tying it back in before I would see any of the human centipede
movies.
Just saying.
Absolutely.
And then seriously, how long is it going to be before we get the porn version where it's
just a hundred person train?
I mean, seriously, I think that's going to happen.
I actually, isn't that what inspired the dude to make the movie anyway, was watching bad
porn with, you know, perhaps, perhaps.
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right.
Um, here's what I'm going to do guys since it's six 45 and it's 15 minutes after the
time we scheduled a mega ran, I'm going to give it one more try, but this will be the
sixth try.
And if we don't get through this time, I don't know what to tell you guys, cause that's six
times in 15 minutes and we're still not getting through.
So let's all, let's all cross our fingers and think happy thoughts about mega ran and
maybe he'll get through this time.
So let's go ahead and give it one more go here on the network.
I better, you know, I, that's killer.
That's killer.
I'm going to, I'm going to do that whole like panicking thing.
Like am I calling the right number?
Did I put the right number into Skype and it's duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh,
duh, duh.
Yep.
It's the same, right?
That's that.
That's the number.
You should leave him a message.
You see, let's leave a message.
I will go do that on my regular cell phone because the number will go out if I do it
here.
So why don't I go grab my cell phone?
I'm going to give mega ran a call and I'm going to give him the OLR number and I'm going
to say, call it whenever you're ready.
That's a great idea.
That way you make a ramp fans hopefully don't have to leave home disappointed tonight.
So I'm going to go do that right now.
And I realized I'm, I owe you guys a story, but maybe, maybe Loki will cover it for me.
I will forgive him if he's watching Avengers, Loki, maybe you could cover the story for
me.
And I'm going to go give mega ran a call on my personal line.
All right.
So you know how they have, you know, lay away and stuff like that.
Um, well, Microsoft want to kind of wants to do something similar to that for their
Xbox 360.
They are, there is a rumor now that there's going to be some sort of contract subsidized
connect bundle available, um, starting next week.
And what this is basically going to be is it's going to be like going in and buying
like a cell phone or a cell phone plan.
You get the cell phone at an increase, you know, a very big discount.
And then of course you are locked into a contract for two years and you have to pay your monthly
fees, you know, and that's how you're able to get like an iPhone for $200.
Or, you know, it's when they normally costs about 600 or 700 without the contract.
So that's going to be something similar with this.
Basically the Verge is saying that the bundle is going to be $100 upfront and you're going
to pay $15 a month each month for two years.
And it's also going to include, uh, the Xbox live gold service.
So it would be a way to kind of get people in the door, um, to, you know, buying a system
and being able to play with it for a couple of years, um, without having to drop, you
know, $400 right away.
Now you will be paying a little bit more for the system than you would normally if you,
you know, bought it outright.
But I think that's more of a convenience.
I mean, cause you kind of figure that you're going to have service fees and stuff like
that for a cell phone.
So it kind of makes sense that it's going to be slightly more, um, about $460 after
the end of the, um, service agreement.
Um, the good thing is that at least it's the slim systems now and not the old systems because
some of those old systems might last two years.
But uh, I don't know.
It's an interesting idea.
I could work, um, especially if you get people to do it.
I'm just going to, I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see how, how that works out.
You know, people paying $15 a month, but I guess that's not too much.
I mean, $15 is like a lunch, two lunches.
So if you can spare a couple of lunches a month, I mean you can be playing an Xbox games
for a couple of years.
It's an EAD I guess.
Okay.
I'm back from making that phone call.
So I'll guys, I'll let you guys know what happens.
I really apologize to the Mega Ran fans.
These things happen.
It's live radio.
It legit could be somewhere with no cell service right now.
Just unplanned.
You know, haven't you ever been with your phone somewhere and you thought, oh, I'll
be able to make a call or whatever, wherever I'm at.
And then suddenly, Oh, no cell signal that could be happening with me.
I have a cell phone like mine that just for some reason, you know, you have to re reboot
it every once in a while because you know, people try calling you for days and you're
like, well, my cell phone's been on this entire time and no calls and he rebooted.
And you're like, Hey, why do I have all these missed calls?
Exactly.
So, uh, you know, again, Mega Ran fans who might be tuned into OLR for the first time
trying to hear this interview.
I just, you know, I want to say that we're not, we're not, we're not, uh, pulling a fast
one on you.
We are legit trying to get through.
We had things set up.
You'll notice Mega retweeted it.
So, you know, he knew about it.
It's just, you know, these things sometimes happen.
I'm hoping I gave him the number to call right through to the show.
Uh, and, uh, so maybe he'll just pop up during the show.
So we'll see.
So, uh, we'll let you know.
All right.
Anyhow, um, back to the Xbox story and the, uh, $99 Xbox.
So I just want to point something out with this.
When the Diablo World of Warcraft annual pass went live in October of last year, and if
you forgot what that's all about, cause you're not a WoW player, you sign up for a 12 month
agreement of World of Warcraft and you get Diablo three for free and you get a mount
and you get into the beta and all this stuff.
One little thing.
Yeah.
Finals week is not the best week to launch this game.
Okay.
Um, I said back when that happened, I said, Hey, uh, you know, it's just a matter of time
before other folks in gaming jump in on this bandwagon of tying you to these cell phone
contracts style agreements.
Now granted, I didn't think about the system element.
I had thought, Oh, well sign up for two years of Xbox live gold and get free halo maps or
a free game or something like that giveaway and all this.
Um, and here we are.
We're seeing the first kind of cell phone deal arrangement type thing.
Now coming to consoles, let me take it a step further.
This might be some people's nightmares here, but let me take it a step further.
We're about a year away from a whole nother round of consoles coming out, not just the
Wii U, but the Xbox, whatever they call it in the PlayStation four, whatever they end
up calling that these systems will have cutting edge technology are probably going to be expensive
as hell.
I mean, a lot of people balked at the $599 price that was set for the PlayStation three
when it first rolled out.
Well, what if PlayStation now has a way that they could lower that price?
Yes.
And they could come out at E3 and they could say, we're releasing the PlayStation four
for $199 with a two year PlayStation plus agreement.
You know what?
If the thing is, um, say if I didn't have a system and I was looking at doing this,
this is not a bad deal because I'm already buying, you know, Xbox live gold.
So $15 a month.
Yeah, it's more per year, but it's not that bad.
$15 is not bad.
Hell, I pay $15 for use in an access every month and I don't even remember.
I forget that even habits and I'm like, Oh yeah, that's right.
It got charged.
So $15 a month is not a big deal.
Just those little things that add up though, man, that in this economy, that's the stuff
that can really get you because it's like, you know, Oh, maybe I'll pay $15 for this
credit monitoring or I'll pay $20 a month for this Disneyland annual pass or a, you
know, 20 bucks for my 24 of our fitness membership and all that stuff starts to add up.
So, but it's an, it's an easy thing to fall for though.
Think about it.
If you own an iPhone and I'm one of them, I'm just as much of a sucker as anyone else.
If you own an iPhone, then you're paying like a $10 a month premium on your bill.
It's basically the iPhone tax.
Yeah.
And you know what?
I don't care because my phone is sexy.
Yeah, it's, it's a hell of a phone.
And I have to say for everyone who's saying Diablo three and well to quote, Vogonator
kiss outside in any sense of social life.
Goodbye.
Just saying been playing well and Diablo three beta and the wow beta and I work full time
and I go to school and I do design work on the side and guess what?
I still got for pink berry and get laid.
Just saying it's possible and I'm going to Disneyland.
So just saying that was a great way to cap it all off by the way.
Just saying it's possible.
Time management, learn those skills.
And you have the show and I have the show.
Yes I do.
And potentially I would another little project with the lovely cell that I'll kind of don't
buy the horn.
You can chew, but I do love me some sill.
All right.
Go into our chat room at vog network.com.
Uh, it's right.
Penaxium.
I am a time management pro, uh, shadow next gen says the PlayStation four will not be
$699.
I was just throwing it out there.
What is an iPhone?
A little iPhone?
What does the iPhone cost unsubsidized?
If you get an iPhone direct through AT&T, how much does this sucker cost?
I'll tell you because in California and one other state, you have to pay the tax on the
unsubsidized amount because that's the way our laws are set up.
$699.
Yeah.
I've been a place, I just bought a new Android phone to replace my crappy Android phone and
it's basically the equivalent of the iPhone four S, but an Android it's a, was a Samsung
galaxy two or Samsung was a galaxy S two or something like that.
Um, and luckily I bought my news, so I got it for about $300, but I mean it's still fucking
expensive.
All right.
I'm looking through some more comments.
Our chat room at vog network.com, uh, let's see.
Ross deal.
UT says, of course the PlayStation four won't be $699.
Sony learned that mistake.
Think about what I'm saying though.
Ross deal.
UT here's a way for them not to make that mistake yet still charge that price.
Think about it though.
And because if they're trying to recoup that cost in two years, that's a little bit more
than, you know, recouping like two or $300.
That's recouping like double that you're talking, you know, $50 a month payments.
That's a still a little bit much, uh, what up G in our chat room at, uh, vognetwork.com
says.
Then again, they kept the Vita price at two 49, but that sounded good until Nintendo dropped
the three DS price.
That's a good point.
They released the Vita cheaper and a lot of people thought they would and it sounded great
and then no, the DS is now cheaper.
I don't know.
It wasn't that bad cause they had, they added, they couldn't drop the price of the system
anymore, but they added value to it by including a eight gig memory card.
So that wasn't so bad.
The Vita is still a sexy piece of hardware.
I mean, I mean three DS is too, I'm not knocking it, but you know, the three DS doesn't do
Skype.
It does.
The Vita does the web a little better.
You know, there's some things that the Vita does have on the three DS right now.
Although I will say three DS has some pretty must have games right now.
I own them both.
Ross deal UT in chat says sky will the rent to own crowd be big enough?
I don't think so.
Again, I'm going to point to the iPhone.
iPhone's the biggest phone out there.
Whether you hate Apple or love Apple, you can't deny iPhone is a huge deal and I bet
Sony would be very happy to have as many PlayStation four sold as iPhones.
And what are iPhones?
They're subsidized by contract.
Hmm.
It could happen.
All right, anyhow, moving on, let's travel around the world and check out some release
dates and what is coming out to a gaming store near you.
There's not much this week.
It's it's really sad.
This week you're basically looking at two things.
You've got this really cheap ass game.
Um, it's like this foreign one action pack from South peak.
It's for games that were a PlayStation, never games you've probably never, ever heard of.
Um, that's on PS three this week and then also another PS three game star Hawk will
be out this week.
That's actually a pretty decent one.
Um, so that's coming out as well for PS three, nothing else.
Wow.
That's a pretty quick week.
What's the next like big, big title coming out?
Uh, would it be the week after Max Payne three?
Oh yeah, that's right.
Three and herp derp Diablo three, Max Payne three, the rise of Bruce Willis.
I always forget because you know, with the whole annual pass thing, I don't have to actually
save the money to buy Diablo three, which is kind of nice.
Well then, you know, beyond that, uh, there's another $15 a month thing I pay for.
Well also was it the game of Thrones games going to be coming out, um, next week as well.
The week after next as well.
One does not simply pre-order the game of Thrones games.
It should be good.
I mean, it's by the guy that did, you know, the actual books.
I mean, at least he wrote the story for it and it's got characters that aren't, it's
kind of like the, um, the enter, enter the matrix of the game of Thrones series.
It's two characters that aren't really in there, but then they kind of, they're probably
going to cross into the series.
So all right, well I'm trying to load up the Japanese release dates, but I'm like a lot
of things on this show tonight.
It just doesn't want to work.
So maybe we can go to Europe real fast.
Well maybe we can.
It's, although it's only a few, so you better hope it loads quickly.
Um, on May 9th in the UK we have Datura, which I'm sorry, looking at that name, it makes
me think of all of the times I read clan of the cave bear cause that's what they called
like this one urban, anyway.
On the 11th we have Starhawk and Street Fighter cross Tekken for PC and then that's it for
this week.
I mean there's some pretty decent stuff coming out, but that's about, you know, that's really
it for this week.
Hey, great.
I've got Japanese release dates for you, but remember that whole golden week we were talking
about last week?
It's over.
Well it's over, but you can still kind of feel its impact on the release dates and you
know a lot of the whole economical things that go into why there's no games coming out
in the US right now are also playing out in Japan because on the Nintendo 3DS, nothing.
Going to the Vita, nothing.
How about on the Playstation 3?
Starhawk is a release you have to look forward to this week.
Starhawk comes out on May 10th in Japan, so there is that.
And lastly going to the Wii or the 360, nothing on the Wii, but of course things on the Wii
are dying down.
Xbox 360 doesn't have anything this week either.
El Shaddai next week, but, oh that's even an Encore edition, that's just a price reduction,
but yep, nothing this week unless you're into Starhawk, which some of you are.
You get a chance to check that out in Japan.
That's it for Japanese releases.
Just a few more stories for you guys, then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
Alright.
Let's talk a little bit about Call of Duty Black Ops and, you know, we talked about the
rumors and the leaked dates and stuff like that, apparently they were correct.
I honestly thought it was called Eclipse, and actually it is technically called Eclipse.
That was the internal name for the game, as I found out.
So there's a little truth to that.
But yes, Black Ops 2 will be coming out this year on November 13th, and of course on Playstation
3, Xbox 360 PC confirmed.
I'm guessing there's probably going to be a Vita and maybe a Wii U version or something
like that.
But of course all that stuff will be announced later on.
It looks pretty interesting.
The game itself is actually going to be taking place in the future, you know, over the course
of a couple decades.
It's actually going to take place partly in the 80s, and then it's going to jump all the
way up through 2025.
And kind of talking about some of this unmanned warfare stuff, a lot of the drones and that
kind of stuff.
So basically the enemy takes over that and starts attacking LA and the US, and it's up
to real men, real soldiers on the ground to take out the enemies.
And so a very interesting looking thing, some of the new stuff that they're going to be
adding to the actual campaign of the game, including some branching missions and these
new type of missions called strike force, where it's almost a little bit open world.
I kind of imagine a little bit like the crisis stuff, where you kind of have a point A, point
B, but there's kind of all these different ways you can approach things.
So that sounds kind of interesting, and then of course they're going to be adding the standard
multiplayer stuff, and there's supposed to be some other branching storyline stuff as
well.
I don't know, I'm pretty excited about it.
After seeing the trailer for it, it looks pretty sweet.
So definitely this is something I'm going to pick up, and actually it kind of makes
me want to go back and play the first Black Ops, so I'm probably going to end up doing
that as well.
So you think that there's actually going to be money made off of sales of the old copy
then, huh?
Probably, because the storyline does tie into the first game.
And then of course, it should be mentioned that Black Ops 2 day 1 preorders were actually
higher than Black Ops and Modern Warfare 3 preorders, so it's off to a good start.
Sounds that way.
Hey, guess what guys?
I have some great news.
Guess who just called me?
Random.
Awesome.
So, he said, he apologizes.
This has happened to you, right?
The phone died.
So you had to go plug in, but we're going to get him on now.
Thank you guys for being patient, and those of you that left, well, tough cookies.
For those of you loyal OLR listeners, look, it's ringing, you need to hear Random or MegaRan
right now.
Hello?
Hey, is this MegaRan?
Yes, it is, how are you?
What is up?
It's Rob from Orange Lounge Radio, here with DarkSakura and Loki.
How's it going?
The artist Random, also MegaRan, joining us live.
How you doing?
Sorry, I'm good, I had an adventurous day, sorry I'm late, sorry.
That is oka-
My flight was delayed, and the phone died, and all types of other things, but I'm here.
You could file that under, you know, Fashionable Superstar.
Yeah, that is A-okay, because that's how you know you're a real celebrity, is when you're
showing up fashionably late.
These things happen, don't even worry about it, we're good, I'm just happy that you're
here on the air.
And hey, if you guys have a question for Random, join our chatroom at vognetwork.com and you
can ask that question in chat right now, but while you guys get those questions out there,
I got some questions for Random that I want to ask.
Now Random, some of our listeners here at Orange Lounge Radio, you know, they might
be gamers, but they might not know about you.
So how do you describe yourself to the uninitiated?
Well, I'm pretty much a gamer, teacher, and musician who makes hip-hop that combines all
of those things together, you know, just my love for games and my love for music and culture
and history, and I put it all together and make, I think, what I believe to be some pretty
cool music.
A lot of it is video game based, what I do is I like to use the traditional sounds from
video games, some of my favorites like Mega Man or Final Fantasy or something like that,
and then create all new creations and add lyrics on top of them, usually about the game,
sometimes about my own life and interesting stories and anecdotes, and I put it all together
and wrap it up and put a nice little bow on it, and that is Mega Ran.
That's awesome, and if you want to check out the music, of course you can visit Random
or Mega Ran at his website, www.megaran.com, where some of his tunes are available for
download, and some of them are free, like the one we're going to play here in a little
bit, so free is awesome, thank you for providing that.
So I have a question.
Free is always good.
Questions, yeah?
Yeah, Dark Sakura.
What do you teach?
Oh, I taught middle school, I taught language arts, so basically reading, writing, and history,
social studies, stuff like that, to middle school kids.
You've actually picked like two of my favorite subjects, ever.
I'm a big history nerd and a grammar fiend.
Oh my, totally.
Yeah, I've done that for probably the past like seven years or so, up until this past
year when I finally decided to take the leap of faith and make music full time, and there
I am, so far I feel good.
That sounds awesome.
That's really inspiring to be able to do that and do what you love, because Random, I gotta
tell you, I'm a teacher too, I'm a different type of teacher, I'm a corporate trainer,
so I teach people in my company, and that's my day job, but I've had this podcast with
my buddies for ten years, and I'd love to be able to quit, as much as I love my day
job, I'd love to be able to quit and do this gig full time, but you're doing it, you're
living the dream, and that's awesome.
Yeah, and I think I try to always apply a lot of the stuff that I learn and that I do
in teaching as well in music, so there's always lessons and things, I love history, I love
poetry, so I try to combine a lot of that stuff with my favorite books, I will talk
about them and rap about them, so it's important to try to use, because I love teaching as
well, so I don't want to make it like I didn't love it, I was already doing what I loved,
it was just a matter of something else that I loved, kind of taking precedence, that's
all.
What was the first video game that inspired you to take it to music?
Was it Mega Man, or was there something else that maybe people don't know about?
What was the first video game that inspired you, like, this game is so awesome, I've gotta,
it really takes a special kind of game to take that extra step and make that fan creation
for it, whether it be a podcast or a website or a rap song.
What was the first for you?
That's true.
Oh, I gotta say, and this is something no one probably knows, the game that I first
decided or the music that moved me to try to create my own music was actually Goonies
2.
Now, Goonies 2 had a really cool, it was a good game, it had a really cool soundtrack,
and I had a Casio keyboard, and that was the first theme music that I used to try to replay
on my keyboard, I still remember it, but I used to try to recreate that on my keyboard,
and so not knowing, you know, when I'm, I don't know, 10, 11, 12 years old, that I was
actually making what is now considered to be fan art, but it was just me playing it
by ear and having that music stuck in my head and making me want to create.
I didn't necessarily do anything with that, but that was the first time that I ever experienced
a movie, not movie, but video game music that actually touched me enough to make me want
to try to create my own version of it.
Goonies 2 is an incredibly underrated 8-bit game, you know, looking back, and I am totally
with you, that game had a lot more depth than a lot of people gave it credit for, especially
for being a loose movie tie-in.
Oh yeah, I really loved that game, I had a huge plenty of hours of fun on that game.
Let's talk about other games that have really inspired you music, now I know a lot of folks
may know you through the Capcom stuff, you know, Splash Woman was huge for you, you had
the Mega Ran 9, Mega Ran 10, but it's not just Capcom games, you have this Black Materia
album that's out, you have a regular version, you have a remixed version, it's Final Fantasy
7, which is kind of a polarizing game in the fan community.
Some people love Final Fantasy 7, some people are sick of hearing about it.
What is it about Final Fantasy 7 that moved you to dedicate two albums to it?
Well, Final Fantasy 7 was a huge game for me, I was pretty much out of gaming when it
came out, I was in college, and I was totally concentrating on school, I didn't have time
for games anymore, I didn't have a system, until I watched one of my friends or suitemates
play it, and I was completely hooked, I saw some of the summons and just watched about
an hour of the gameplay, and it completely redefined roleplaying games to me, because
the 3D aspect and the character development was just so awesome, so I wound up getting
the Playstation almost flunking out of school playing this game, I mean, it's something
that completely enveloped me, so it's a huge part of my childhood, so that's what made
me go back, because the music, the story, the gameplay, everything is just so memorable
to me, that it changed the game to me, that was my introduction, well kind of reintroduction
to gaming, and so that was the game that got me back into console gaming, so I feel like
I owe a lot to it, so I decided to do a little homage to it, called Black Materia, luckily
a lot of people liked it, came out last year, and kind of took off a little bit, that might
be part of the reason why I wound up quitting my job and doing music, it's because the demand
for it and for performances after that just became too much to handle with a full time
job, so it was just my way of giving back to something that was a big part of my childhood.
But you know, I think a big part of why that took off for you is you probably aren't the
only one out there that has such, some memories tied to that game, I know that was a huge
game for me in college, I probably failed a class or two because of Final Fantasy VII,
but it was so worth it, which maybe I shouldn't be telling a teacher.
Final Fantasy VII came out when I was super broke and couldn't afford a Playstation, my
roommate had one and I bought the game not owning a Playstation, I had a SNES, I was
still playing Chrono Trigger, but I played the stew out of that and did time the nights
of the round with Quadra Magic and the repeater thing, did go long enough for me to make a
sandwich.
Wow.
It's true.
Alright, let me ask, let me ask, we only have so much time with Random Tonight, I want to
ask him about another game series, because this is one, this is a very recent addition
to your website at Mayoran.com and I was, in a way I was not surprised at all to see
this, I wasn't, I wasn't, Journey, a hip hop excursion, you were recently plugging this
on your website, oh my god, you're not the only one to be inspired by Journey either,
but the way you translated this into hip hop is something else, tell me more about the
process of creating Journey, a hip hop excursion.
Oh man, that was a lot of fun, I mean, as you said, a lot of people were really touched
and moved by the Journey video game, I was told and emailed constantly about playing
this game, but I just didn't have enough time, and people were like, you gotta play it, you
gotta play it, you're gonna love it, and I'm like, yeah, that's all I need is another game,
I have games here that are unopened, that I haven't been able to get to yet, but I don't
have time, and they're like, no, that's the best thing about it, it's just, it's an hour
long experience, you just sit down, you play it, and you'll love it, and so I did, I played
it, and I was instantly inspired, I mean, it's a great game, it's so cool how they just
created the entire scenario, I mean, there's no dialogue, you're basically creating your
own story and synopsis, and it's just such an experience, I don't even know any other
way to describe it except an experience, because it just kinda immerses you, so when I wound
up playing the game through Think Twice, then I went and bought the soundtrack, and then
I had a whole day, I think I was just, I was trying to raise funds with Kickstarter, and
we had got to a really, a certain level, I think it was maybe 10,000, and usually when
I get to round numbers, I try to give a, some sort of a surprise gift for the support, so
as I was playing the journey soundtrack, I said, well, why don't I work on making some
hip hop beats, so the entire day, I sat down, I use a program called Reason, so what I do
is just take the sounds, record them into the program, try to modulate them a little
bit, stretch them out, slow them down, go through them, add some drums, take out some
things, you know, bring them back in later, and wound up creating some really cool beats
with the very ambient kind of contemplative kind of feel, and that was really what I wanted
to create, so it came out pretty well, I really like it, I still listen to it a lot.
It's great, and you got props from the original musician who did the music for Journey, right?
I saw that tweet on your website, it's awesome.
Yeah, that was pretty cool, Austin Wintory actually listened to it, and told me he liked
it, told me it was a great job, and I'm like, wow, that's pretty cool, I mean, you gotta
love Twitter for that reason, just that everything is so accessible, everybody's one click away,
and I guess it just got to the point where so many people were talking about my Journey
remixes that they contacted him about it, like, hey Austin, have you heard this?
And so that's kind of what made him respond, and so that was really cool, like, props from
the man himself, you really can't beat that.
And I gotta say, don't we know that about the Twitter thing, because this whole interview
tonight is being brought to you by Twitter, you know, we say we are the show where every
gamer has a voice, and we went to Twitter, and we said, hey tweets, who do you want to
see on the show?
And Wilco, gotta give him props, tweeted us and said, get Mega Ran on, and here we are,
here we are.
Yes, I gotta thank Wilco, he made this whole thing happen.
That's right.
Now, you brought up Kickstarter a minute ago, and I kind of wanted to go in that direction,
because you know, Kickstarter's been a very big thing, it's been this buzzword in our
community for, you know, a few months, and it's been big for you too, and I know you've
done a couple projects on there, and this most recent one you did was called Language
Arts.
Tell me a little bit about what this Kickstarter was all about, and you made it, how did the
community help you achieve your goals with Language Arts?
Oh man, well, the community was just humongous, I don't, but we've done a Kickstarter in the
past, like I said, we've done one for, actually two, we've been wanting to create vinyl for
a Sam and Tom album, which is our Nintendo tribute album.
Then we did another later for a, to play a show with London, at the London Anime Con,
and both of those went decent, we got our goals, we didn't get necessarily way over
the goal, but we did pretty well, and I decided to go back and try it again, it was one of
those things where Kickstarter's kind of becoming pretty trendy, everybody's doing it these
days, like you said, it's a big buzzword in the industry right now, video game companies
are making thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars on it right now, and so I always
told myself I wouldn't go back to Kickstarter unless I had a really great project idea,
so instead of it just being an album, which I've been working on for the past two years,
almost three years now, I wanted to make it a full experience, so instead of just an album,
it would be an album, a video game, and a comic book.
Now of course I can't do all that on my own without having artists and developers help
me out, so I want to be able to compensate those guys for helping out, so that then came
Kickstarter, so I decided to try to raise $3,000, which actually would have been nowhere
near the amount that I really wanted to gain to get this, but I said we'll start small,
and lo and behold, the campaign just ended Friday at $15,000, so a 516% completion rate,
and just from the response has been overwhelming, I mean from Facebook, Twitter, to just the
guys on my email list, I went out to PAX East and performed, and it was probably right before
the Kickstarter really got underway, and I told a lot of people about it, and people
were like hey I want to support, and sure enough they did, we had over 300 backers who
are really excited to hear the music as well as to play the game and to read the comic,
so I think I want to take what I do and just take it to a new level, and that's what hopefully
this Kickstarter has allowed us to do, I think I want to do this in a whole new way, and
this could be the album that kind of defined me, you know I've done a lot of Final Fantasy
stuff, I've done a lot of Mega Man stuff with other people's intellectual property, but
I really want to create my own legacy, and I think this Language Arts project will do
that when it's all done.
I think that's an amazing and really lofty goal, and just kind of cool to have this comic
book and video game and album that all tie together, yet it's not some movie franchise
being turned into this, it's you, it's your story, that's awesome.
That's what's cool about it, I wanted to make it based on my story, now granted the game
and the comic, they get a little unrealistic, but it's basically based on my story, and
they are interweaving a bit, the album is much more realistic, I kind of take that hero
and liken him to kind of more of a daredevil, Matt Murdock, where he's just a regular guy
with some cool abilities, but he's for the most part a regular guy, he's not flying around
shooting beams out of his eyes, but in the game of course, you know to make things a
lot more interesting, there's a lot more powers that come into it, and the comic as well.
So if you're taking my story, and my own original story, and original characters that myself
and the guys at J1 Studios created, and creating a universe around it, like almost a franchise,
so it's really exciting.
That is so awesome, looking forward to seeing that in the coming months at MegaRan.com,
we'll have more information on that when it's out I'm sure.
Random, I want to give, I know we're a little past our time here, hopefully I'm not keeping
you from everything, from anything, but we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
and we wanted to open it up to our listeners to ask Random some questions tonight.
So Random, you have a minute for just a couple questions here from our listeners.
All right, vognetwork.com, if you want to ask some questions in chat, let me get you
an email question we got earlier in the week.
This is from Will O, sent us an email that says, and he mentioned in his email that Random
has a style that just seems effortless, and his sincerity bleeds through each track.
He honestly seems to love what he's doing, and I just wanted to throw that out there
that that's coming across, but here's the question, Random.
Do you think it would be possible, do you think it would be possible to be doing what
you're doing before the age of social media?
How have tools such as Twitter and Kickstarter changed the way you work on projects and create
music or tour?
So I know you've touched on the Kickstarter a little bit, but back to the question, could
you do what you're doing without social media?
Wow, I don't think so.
No, I really don't.
And this whole, the whole Mega Ran story started because of social media.
I was contacted on MySpace in 2007 by Capcom, so if not for social media, I don't know
if I'd be here, you know, so I do owe a lot to it, you know, I've been, yeah, I'm
hugely, hugely grateful to the advent of social media, and I think it would make it to be
a little more fun going, you know, out and doing the old school method, because I do
that a lot.
I think that's kind of what sets me apart and has enabled a lot of success is that I'm
not only, you know, all over social media, but I perform live probably at least one or
two times a week, you know, I'm out at live events, I'm out passing out flyers, I'm
out shaking hands, I'm out meeting people, so it's not just social media, but I feel
like social media is a huge part of it, but like I said, I think my leg up comes from
the fact that I'm out and about in the community, physically making appearances, as well as,
you know, taking full advantage of social media.
I think you're right on the money there, I think, you know, I may not be quite on the
superstar level, but I think that that's really the key is you gotta interact, you
know, not just online, but in person, the old school way, as well.
M.C. Lars, I've learned so much from a guy, M.C. Lars, that he's always told me that
you gotta get out and play, you know, you have to get out and play.
Everybody's got the internet at this point, so you gotta have something that sets you
apart, so getting out and playing as much as possible is a huge, huge part of that.
Alright, let me get to some questions from our chat room at the vog, or excuse me, vognetwork.com,
and I'm gonna go to a question from actdeft first, and I think this is a good question.
I'll take this question to the next level.
Who is Mega Ran's favorite video game music composer?
Oh, man.
I gotta say, I'm gonna go back a little bit, and I'm gonna say my favorite is Yuzo Koshiro.
He's done from Streets of Rage to the Actraiser stuff to Super Adventure Island, and a lot
of those great 16-bit titles, Yuzo Koshiro is my favorite.
You're officially my hero.
He is the bomb.
We know Yuzo very well.
Mangan Midnight Maximum Tune is amazing music, and of course, Actraiser.
The Maximum Tune 2 soundtrack is my chosen soundtrack for all trips to L.A., just saying.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
It's amazing.
Excellent.
I'll be able to listen to that tonight.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Let's go to another question from Brakeman, you know, because you're very well known for
the Mega Man stuff.
Brakeman wants to know, I want to know what is Mega Man's favorite Mega Man theme?
Well, I could go with the easy choice.
There's a couple that, you know, everybody loves.
So Mega Man 2, WALL-E Stage 1, everybody loves that.
I love it too, but it's not necessarily one of my favorites.
I love Wood Man's theme, honestly, from Mega Man 2.
The only one that tends to come up a lot in my subconscious that I wind up humming is
Bomb Man from Mega Man 1, and what else?
Crash Man.
I love Crash Man.
Crash Man is great.
There's so many, and if you notice, the majority of those that are my favorites, I've never
used them, or I've never intended to remake them.
Crash Man, I just think it's so awesome that I wouldn't want to touch it.
You know, WALL-E Stage 1, same thing.
Mega Man 3, Title Screen, same thing.
It's just so great, as is.
Proto Man's theme, another one I love.
So yeah, there's so many great ones, but I would try not to touch those out of respect
for how I feel about them.
You know, Random, I gotta say, I think you'd do them justice based on the Mega Man 9 album,
but I totally understand and respect where you're coming from.
I think that's great.
Let me get one more question from chat that I got, and I think I know where this guy's
going with this name, but the name is I Far Ted, what a great name in chat, wants to know,
is there any game that Mega Ran hasn't tackled yet that he more or less has an eye on?
Oh.
See, I'm afraid of questions like that, because I don't want to answer it, and then a couple
things could happen.
One, someone just takes it and does it, or two, I could never get to it, and people are
like, hey, what happened to that thing you mentioned?
But I will say, I have two that my eyes are on.
The Metal Gear Solid series, and Legend of Zelda, particularly A Link to the Past, so
those are what my eyes are on right now.
But the next plan, though, for next year is, myself and K-Murdock, we're doing an all Sega
album called Sega State or Sega City, and it's going to be all Sega, so from Master
System to Genesis to Saturn to Dreamcast, it's going to be all Sega all the time, that'll
be our next one.
But Metal Gear Solid is one that I really want to do, but story-wise, that's just such
a thick story that I don't really know if I could do that, you know, it would still
be something I'd have to really go knee-deep into, like Final Fantasy VII, which is something
that took like a year to make, so.
You got some people in chat that are supporting you on that, Gio Vedeo screaming, yes, Metal
Gear, do it, so there you go.
Now we're way over time here, and I want to get to Megurand's song here, but quickly,
one last question from Dark Soccer.
I had a question if you would ever take a request for Down the Line.
Oh, okay, I've taken requests before.
Well, the official game of Orange Bound Radio is the Guardian Legend.
So could we hope to have you tackle that someday?
You know what, I really, you know what, I did, I did a Guardian Legend track.
Really?
Okay, you guys gotta, you gotta look for, what is the song, okay, there's a song called
Comtact, C-O-N dash tact, and it's all about com etiquette, and it uses the Guardian Legends.
Awesome.
Okay.
It's all about rules and regulations for when you go to times, what you should and shouldn't
do.
It's very useful.
Is that, the Guardian Legend, I have to say, is my favorite game of all time, only followed
by Fantasy Zone.
All right.
Oh my God, those are some great games, like, I love Guardian Legends.
So you were on the top of my hero list now.
Well, look, we got random way past time here, and you know, we got off to a late start tonight,
but Random, you know, I want to really thank you for taking the time out to come on Orange
Lounge Radio tonight and talk about your music.
Again, if people want to know more about your music, they can check you out at Megaran.com,
and you can also get the music at MegaranMusic.com.
Random, is there anything else you want to plug here on the show, before we get to the
song?
Well, let's see, anything I want to plug, I don't know, follow me on Twitter, at Megaran,
there's Megaran music on Facebook, I don't know, thanks for the support, keep listening.
The Language Arts album will be out for everybody May 22nd, so mark that on your calendar, and
yeah, I'll see you out in the funny papers.
All right.
Random, thanks again so much for taking the time out, and best of luck with everything
in the future, all right?
Oh, thank you, man.
All right, take care, buddy.
Hey, we're going to close out here with a track from Megaran, and this is actually a
really special deal here.
This is actually a duet that he did with MC Frontalot, which is pretty awesome.
You can check this out at MegaranMusic.com, it's Random and MC Frontalot with Wake Up
here on Orange Lounge Radio, check this out.
All right, I can do this, where are my glasses, come on, come on, I got to get out of here,
let me get out, here we go.
I got to get this, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Here we go.
It's not all good, but I got my blessings, ma'am There's a lot to find a job, but a long
one you wanna do I had a daily double and came up on two
Three if you count, a loyal significant other This didn't seem half as hard when I lived
with my mother But I got tired of hearing it go on and get
serious Now I be flowing like regular periods
Growing as a theorist since my years in this And I learned so much, so I think it's time
to grow up Packin' my lunch Doritos and cold cuts
One more pay cut and I'm gone Time to wake up
If you don't move, then you don't eat So you better get up on your feet
It's a new day, running out of time Time to rise and shine, cause you gotta grind
If you don't move, then you don't eat So you better get up on your feet
It's a new day, running out of time Time to rise and shine, cause you gotta grind
No snooze, you wanted to be a rapper Now you got what you were after, wouldn't
rather Well you know you have to grab the mic
And make noises into it You and the beat get intimate
Send a report to the syndicate Indicating that you'll have a trap pretty soon
I'm in threads, incredulous at replies Swoon, win, win, then alarm, alarm
Oh no, I slipped into a dream Didn't get the rhyme written
The rig is in to quip And there's sound check in an hour
You know how you sometimes meet a nerd rapper Who hasn't showered
That was probably me, beg your forgiveness It's only through your largess
I'm even about to live this dream out So when I'm cussin' about my whack boss
Old man front runnin' his sweatshop Take a sad pause, share the long tear
Then remind, that every day I wake up There's an aid on, kindly
If you don't move, then you don't eat So you better get up on your feet
It's a new day, running out of time Time to rise and shine, cause you gotta grind
If you don't move, then you don't eat So you better get up on your feet
It's a new day, running out of time Time to rise and shine, cause you gotta grind
Wake up, don't tell me it's time to wake up Snoring like a bulldozer, going like the brakes cut
Eye boogers are starting to cake up 6.30 sharp, I gots to pick the pace up
Get my face up off of the pillow And ain't much time for a meal
So I grab the cake up French roast and get ghost and take lunch
If I'm late once more, I'm gone, case shut Netflix was on, shutting the stage up
Last night, watch Jimmy tear the stage up Hop the train, just missed the late bus
Get a taxi, he taxed me 28 bucks Running late but maybe I can make up time
Stay after hours and face up to the music No excuses, straight up
I mean I came to work, what else did they want? Head straight up the hall to A1
My secretary always had something to say but This time what she said left me straight crushed
You do know it's Saturday right? Say what?
If you don't move, then you don't eat So you better get up on your feet
It's a new day, running out of time Time to rise and shine, guess you gotta climb
If you don't move, then you don't eat So you better get up on your feet
It's a new day, running out of time Time to rise and shine, guess you gotta climb
Some people shower before bed, hello? You'll have that con funk that he talks about
Con funk, well he's already said hi on Facebook, not on Facebook, on Twitter
Totally follow him on Twitter, he's really cool
I wanna know, why did he tweet Anime Jam Session? He went on Anime Jam Session
Nah, it's all good, Rama was helping me screen the questions actually so he does get props
Listen to Anime Jam Session, this is a good show And I don't know how I missed the Guardian Legend one
He's got a lot, he's got a lot
That is going to be on my iPhone soon
Alright well if you want that song on your iPhone or wherever it is that you listen to music
That particular song we just played there, Wake Up, that's free
MegaRanMusic.com, go get it, MegaRanMusic.com
And thanks again, right on from Wilco on Twitter for suggesting it, right on to the management for setting that up
And for Random for appearing on our show tonight
And since I decided I was going to back the MegaRan Language Arts video game and comic project Kickstarter
We will also be probably later on giving out a physical signed copy of Language Arts Volume 1 on CD
As well as a signed comic to a lucky listener
Look at you
I'm looking at the whole album on iTunes by the way
Speaking of giveaways, I was going to wait a little while but for those of you that are sticking around
I knew some people would just be here to listen to MegaRan and then hit the road
Which I understand, it's all good
But for those of you loyal folks that stick around, I might have a little present for you coming up in Part B
So just stay tuned, I'll get into that in a little bit
It's not as good as what Loki just talked about but it's still pretty cool
Alright, we got to get back into some news
We're running late now but that's alright, it was worth the wait
I don't remember how much of the Black Ops story we tackled
We were done with the Black Ops
We were done with the Black Ops story
Alright, so let's move on to one more story and then we're going to get into the classic game of the week here
This has to do with streaming service Gaikai
You might have heard of this, they're the ones that I believe were streaming the stuff on YouTube and some other places
They're kind of that competitor for OnLive of sorts
Well Gaikai is getting together with Wikipad to make a game streaming tablet
It is going to be what they call the first tablet to offer an attachable console quality gamepad controller
There's pictures of this on the internet
Just imagine the most giant stretched Xbox controller you ever saw in your life
Where you slammed an iPad in the middle
That's what this thing looks like
Honestly it looks a lot better than the one that Razor was looking at making
Yeah, yeah, so now apparently Wikipad isn't super popular yet
They showed it at Consumer Electronics Show
But they've already gone through some changes with it
It's got a 10.1 inch screen and a quad core processor now
Optional 3G for mobile
But here's the other thing, it ain't out yet
So it's one of those things that is coming soon
Gaikai is out there though if you want to check that out
And it will be interesting to see what happens when these worlds collide with it
That's pretty big for a portable system
But I'd say if you can take a laptop somewhere, you can take that somewhere
Yeah, and people carry tablets too
And it's streaming gaming
So if you think about it, you're able to play console type games
Because the same stuff that OnLive is doing
Like Saints Row the Third or something of that quality
Through this pad
And the controls look pretty similar to a current gen console
So I wouldn't see why you wouldn't be able to do that
I'd rather have an iCade than an iPad
Just saying
Well isn't an iCade a device for an iPad?
Yeah
I'd rather have that, I'm fine with it
Or MAME on an Android, I mean what's the difference really
Well look, let's go to a time when gaming was a whole lot simpler
We didn't have streaming video games in our laptop bags
No, we had streaming video games as part of cartridges
Hooked up to either a modem or your cable
A portable console
We didn't even have that over here
We had a mini television hooked up to a cigarette light adapter
And plugging your Nintendo into it
Which some guy we knew had in his car
A Playstation in the car
We did that in middle school with a camp TV
That ran on D cells
We're going to go to a classic time
When things were a lot simpler
And take a look at the classic game of the week
Dark Soccer is going to dip into the video game vault
And find a game that she thinks
Hey, you kids ought to be playing this video game
You know, Random got the jump on you though
With the Goonies 2 nostalgia
But this one's pretty good too
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
A game inspired by my recently seen Avengers
And I'm not going to spoil why
Galaga!
Yes, Galaga
Also known in Japan as Gyaraga
Which is...
Freaking intro music
Pew! Pew pew pew!
It's the game of pew pew is what it is
Anyway, it was developed and published by Namco in Japan
And published by Midway in North America in 1981
It was the sequel to Galaxian from 1979
Why I didn't do Galaxian?
I don't know, I wanted to do Galaga
So whatever
Anyway, your player is fixed to the bottom of the screen
You go back and forth
You don't get to go up or fly around
It's a simple, fixed shooter
And the enemies fly at you in formation
And you have to pew pew them all before they pew pew you
And once they're all vanquished
Then you move on to the next stage
Yahoo! Alright
Galaga was pretty, pretty popular
As I'm sure you all know
So we have many different sequels to Galaga
And many versions of Galaga
At any rate, Galaga for me was just the coolest
You could let your ship get taken up by the little dude who put out the tractor beam thing
And then if you shot him, you got your ship back and had double ship mode
Which was always super cool
It also had a few features that improved over Galaxian
Like the ability to fire more than one bullet at a time
Your hit miss ratio, and the challenging stage
And if you destroyed every enemy in the challenging stage, you got a 10,000 point bonus
And like I said, you also could get captured
It was a boss Galaga that would just absorb you up
You could shoot it and get it down
And then there are actually full on strategies that are based around getting your dude captured
That's how a lot of people play
It also had a bug that was called, actually the bug would make your attackers stop firing bullets
It was actually a coding error
I just want to say the double, the whole two ships tied together thing
That's like the only way I can be decent at this game
I have to get that in the first stage and then go as far as I can
Like that's the only way to play this game in my opinion
Well a lot of people based their strategy around it
Like I said, there's also a split screen bug that was like Impact Man
It's not quite the same thing
It's similar to the split screen bug in Impact Man
Where your game will roll over from level 255 to level 0
And depending on the difficulty setting in the machine
It could cause the game to stall
And it means it has to be either reset or power cycled so that you can start a new game
So in the series of Galaxian
And I'm going to start with Galaxian
You had Galaxian in 1979, Galaga in 1981, Galaga 3 in 1984, Galaga 88 in 1987, go fig
Galaga Legion in 2008, Galaga Legion DX in 2011, and Galaga 3D Impact in 2011
Do you remember, Rob, at the Dave and Busters in Milpitas
They used to have the Galaxian, I think it was the Galaxian 3 set
Which was a full room that you would play Galaxian in
With the 3 screens, now it's like some
I don't think I ever saw that, but that sounds amazing
The thing is still there
Wow
But the game is in it, they put another one
When you go back to the far back where they have the giant crane
And the thing that's to the left of it that you walk inside
That was the Galaxian machine
So, just saying
As far as other versions of Galaga that's come out
There's been the Atari 7800, the Famicon version, Game Boy
And also it was bundled with Galaxian
There was a GameTap, MSX, the MSX version is actually really good
Of course NES because the high we had a Famicon version
The Sega SG-1000, the Tandy TRS-80 color computer
Which I played Galagon on it
That was the game, it was a clone called Galagon
And I played Stu out of this
Because my friend had one of these things
It's been put out on the Virtual Console, the NES version
Xbox Live Arcade
IOS is the Galaga Remix which had the original on it
Nintendo 3DS which was part of Pac-Man and Galaga Dimensions
And Roku
There has also been several versions of Namco Museum
Which are really way too many
We have 64DS, PS2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance
And Windows, there were two versions of each
PSP, PlayStation, Dreamcast, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3
And the Wii, which I have most of those
Don't forget though, the Namco collection on the PlayStation 3
Is the game with the OLR cameo
Which makes it double awesome
That is the double awesome version, of course I had to
You gotta get that one out there
Jeez Rob
There was also, it was a side game in the PlayStation version
Of Tekken in 1995
You could play it as it loaded
In Point Blake 2 there were Galaga Challenge Stages
In the 20 year reunion class of 1981 arcade unit
That had Ms. Pac-Man and Galaga
There was that
The Pac-Man's arcade party, it actually was part of that too
It was even available on Palm Devices and Pocket PC
So Galaga really has an amazing legacy
Hold on
Sorry, my allergies are flaring up everybody
You alright over there?
That's why I sound like a 12 year old boy
At any rate, there were remakes
There was Galaga Arrangement
Which was part of the Namco Museum compilation
Galaga Destination Earth, it came out in 1998 for Windows
PlayStation and the Game Boy Color
Galaga Remakes came out in 2007 for the Wii
And you use your Wii remote as a gun
And you have to protect Pac-Man as he rolled through space
The video ran out so we have to hear that opening theme one more time
There was actually Galaga, Galaxian, Galplus, Galaga 88
Were redesigned and modernized for an iPhone app
Called the Galaga 30th Anniversary
That was done by Noki Bandai
Basically the app had Galaxian as a free game
And then they had to pay for a complete set for 8 bucks
But it had Galaga points
So you could unlock power-ups and special arcade cabinet designs
Including the original art
Their world record for Galaga
Now keep in mind, this is twin galaxy stuff
It was set in June 1989 by Steven Krogman of Boca Raton
Florida
And the rapid fire setting
And they say nothing awesome happens in Florida
And it was also in this class of 81
Fast shot world record settings
Were both by John Krenkel of Battle Creek, Michigan
And I remember actually seeing some of the people who had the earlier ones
In King Fong
They had people just playing
The high score people gathered back together
When what's his face was trying to beat Billy Mitchell's score
Galaga, actually
There was a Galaga machine that was sent to Matthew Broderick by MGM
For him to practice for war games
Lost had a submarine called Galaga in honor of the game
And basically the writers of the series would play Galaga in between writing sessions
There was a Christmas tree ornament shaped like a Galaga arcade machine that had sound clips from the game
I have the Pac-Man one of those, just saying
And because the place I'm reading is not updated since
Galaga made an appearance in the Avengers
Just saying
But you'll say no more
But I'll say no more
Cause that guy over there is playing Galaga
He didn't think I'd notice, but I did
Alright, is that it?
That's the quote
Classic game of the week
Galaga, available everywhere, but most notably the arcade
Because shield helicarriers have joysticks, just saying
But we would prefer that you play the arcade version or the Playstation Network version that has the OLR cameo
Yes
So that's important too
Send us your screen captures on Twitter and we'll send you a no prize
A no prize, my favorite kind of prize
Alright, we're running way long for part A
I wonder why, perhaps the longer we
No, I'm not allergic to Sky and Loki, I'm allergic to California
It was worth it
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break guys
We will be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this
Don't go anywhere, we got more coming up in part B
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio
Live on the VOG Network, voice of Geeks Network on this
May the 6th of 2012
We are live with the 456th episode of our show
You guys missed a fun part A
Little worried there at the beginning
Little worried there when things were delayed with our interview
But it was well worth the wait
Random aka Megaran telling us a lot about inspiration
We just kind of geeked out with him a little bit about old games that are awesome
And that's the best kind of interview
I want the Sega album
I know right, sounds awesome
I've got sonic boobs today ok
We didn't talk a lot about this shirt at the beginning of the show
But you're wearing this shirt
I paid $10 for it
It's a Sonic shirt and it's so funny because your boobies are right where Sonic's head is
Yeah
So Sonic's got a big head because of big boobies but
Can't help it, triple D, hi
Picks or it didn't happen
I put picks up
On Orange Lounge Radio.com? Oh awesome, alright there you go
And the other can of Vimto that I drink
This is pretty, I've never had Vimto before
Which our European listeners should know of
I've never had Vimto before but I'm having a Vimto light and it's really good
I've never had Vimto light before, I like the regular soda
It's not made with high fructose corn syrup, the regular one
It's just with sugar
It tastes a little bit like Hansen's black cherry, a little bit
It's black currant and raspberry soda
Ok I can see that
But I like the regular Vimto, I always drink it at a touch of Britain
And when I went to the Iraqi Deli today to get some shawarma
Because shawarma, there's a good place two bucks down
Which you won't get yet
I went and got, I saw they had Vimto light
So I bought a couple of cans of it
And it is pretty delicious
Although I have to say I do prefer the regular Vimto
It's not bad, I drink that
It's good stuff, alright anyway
Babylon Market
By the way we do have somebody staying up late
Listening to us all the way from the UK
Pekor Uno is with us saying I don't like Vimto
I prefer Robina, I don't know that word
Robina is not bad
But I tried, it's this, I like
Tizer, I think is what it's called, T-I-Z-E-R
I just had that really recently and it's pretty darn good
Like a grapefruit soda, it's pretty good
Alrighty, you said you got that shirt at Kmart
I want to get that out too
Right next to the Master System games that are still in stock
By the Genesis ad it's coming
You know Genesis does what Nintendon't
But the reason why I go to that particular Kmart
Is because it is literally right around the corner from my neighborhood
And Shermy needed stuff to pee on
So I got Shermy stuff to pee on
And I needed Sudafed
As you can all tell by my 12 year old boy puberty voice
So, just saying
So Kmart have that many copies of In the Groove there, huh?
They had a Mario shirt that I wanted
Alright
But when I saw Sonic, had to get it
The Sega fangirl and you had a squee
Alright, let's move on with some rapid fire news
A few quick news stories for you guys
So Saints Row the Third, of course they had this April Fools joke
Testing the waters bit, I guess they were doing
Where it was Saints Row the Third enter the dominatrix
And everyone's like, wow that would be pretty cool
And so they're like, ah we fooled you
Because it's real and it's coming out
So what they're doing is they're kind of going the whole
I don't know, copycat of
You know, Rockstar Games route
Where they're releasing this episode
Kind of expansion thing that's playable on its own
So this actual game will be coming out
The enter the dominatrix as a standalone expansion pack
It's a physical disc, it'll cost you 30 bucks
On PS3 and 360 and probably PC as well
It's going to give you, they're going to have like
Superpowers in there and stuff
Even though technically those were in the last expansion
But they only locked them to a certain mission on there
Which everyone was like, why the fuck did you lock these onto a certain mission
Instead of just allowing us to do whatever the fuck we want
Because I mean it is after Saints Row and it's not really realistic anyways
And apparently the whole premise of enter the dominatrix
Which is, other than being a complete ripoff of the Matrix
Because you know that's current
And so basically the Saints leader is kidnapped by an alien warlord
Named Zinyak and his benevolent race
And apparently they're trying to grab up all resources or something
And also I guess there's some character named Paul
Who's supposed to play some role in there
Hey Paul
You rock Paul
And I don't know
Stay awesome Paul, it's all for you
It's all about Paul
I'm a huge Paul fan
Paul, I live for Paul in Saints Row the Third
Who the fuck is Paul
I don't know who the fuck Paul is
Honestly
That was a movie
Well I know Paul was a movie
And that was probably funny
But it's just this whole Saints Row the dominatrix thing
It's neat and the whole thing it's supposed to be this virtual reality thing
So it's going to be similar to the Deckers missions almost
But at the same time I'm like, dude your DLC sucked so fucking bad
Do I really want to play this $30 expansion of shit that should have probably been unlocked anyways
With a DLC that I didn't buy because it was so shitty
It's like at the rate it's going right now
$7 DLC each was about an hour and a half worth of content
What is this game?
It would be like two hours long, an hour and 45 minutes
I mean I just
I don't know
I mean I kind of wish it was good but I'm just on the fence
I don't know
So we'll see it's coming out this fall
Maybe I'll pick it up because there's nothing else coming out
But I'm going to wait for reviews
This is not a day one thing for me for sure
Burned once, that was enough
So Adidas, my coach
Was something that was supposed to be coming out from THQ
Also maybe a reason why they're putting out this expansion on the Saints Row because they're in a little financial trouble
Well apparently this whole deal fell through because they didn't make it out in time
So now my coach 24-7 is supposed to be coming out from 505 Games
They have taken over the publishing rights for it
So it'll be launching this summer apparently
So I'll have to check that out
Maybe
I'm sure you have it on pre-order
Oh yeah, you know me and exercise
And last but not least, a game I actually took up a lot of my time this week
Perfect Strangers
It was an advert game
I mean it says right on the bottom the guy responsible for this actually does advert games for a bunch of different things
And he's done some pretty good stuff
You know what, it was a well fucking done advert game
It was excellent
And I mean it's a very short game but you definitely should check it out
And of course it's advertising the release I guess of the episodes on iTunes
Which hey, it worked
It was unaware that the episodes were even out there on iTunes
I forgot about that show period to be honest until I played the game
Oh I never forget that show
But yes, it's a pretty fun game
Definitely worth checking out
If you want to check out the game which is entitled Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now
Which happens to be the theme song of the series and is actually what you play through
Just go to Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now dot com
And check it out, it's a great time
Whatever happened to Bronson Pinchot?
You know I watched some clips of him the other day
One kind of was asking myself the same question
I know he was in Langoliers and he got mauled at some point
I don't really know
The last thing I probably saw him was Beverly Hills Cop 3
And Mark Lynn Baker, whatever else did he do?
Other than being like a dead on ringer for the critic
I don't know
Let's just, let's just bask in the
Did you ever see Second Sight?
Let's bask in the awesomeness for a minute
Sometimes the world looks perfect
Nothing to rearrange
I feel inspired
The Mustang!
I forgot he drove a Mustang
Look at that, we just gave these guys a free commercial
But it was pretty fucking awesome
I did see Second Sight, Rob
That movie was funny
Because he was addicted to goobers
Alright, let me get some stories for you guys
But first, a PSA from our chatroom at vognetwork.com
Pete Garudo is telling us all
You Don't Know Jack on Facebook is now open to all
I know what I'm doing after the show tonight
Shane, I gotta cancel Mass Effect multiplayer
You Don't Know Jack is on Facebook now
I don't even know if he's listening
Alright, let's get to some other quick news here
Family Guy
I don't know if they've done a lot of games for Family Guy
I can't remember if there's been any others
One, and it was not good
That's right, that was the year they had Adam West at E3
It wasn't good
It wasn't good and they did an IOS game and it wasn't very good either
Well maybe this will redeem it
But we'll see
September 25th, Family Guy Back to the Multiverse
PlayStation 3 and 360
According to some Amazon stuff that leaked earlier today
And even earlier on our Twitter
Wink Wink, Activision is involved, I bet this will be an E3 showing
Uh, probably
And now, see I actually had to look it up
Because I haven't watched Family Guy in a few years
Mainly because I do this show
It happens to be on the same time
And also because it's not being funny after a while
But, you know, I'll give it a chance again
Don't remind the listeners that Family Guy is on
It's not funny, that's what I was trying to say
You're not missing anything
So, um, I had to look at what the Multiverse thing was
And I guess it was one of these episodes that they did
Where it's like, oh hey, we're in real, you know
Real life Family Guy
It's kind of like one of those episodes
Like, what if, blah blah blah
You know, it's
So that's what that is, I don't know
Hopefully it'll be as good as the Simpsons game
I mean, that was pretty good
That's true, that's true
Alright, also, if Family Guy isn't your kind of cartoon
Maybe you're a little more old school
Maybe you'll be excited about this
The worlds of Looney Tunes and Scooby Doo
Are lighting in a free to play
Online game
Cartoon Universe
It's a browser based online adventure
You could say it's for kids
But you know there's going to be some adults to check this out too
It's coming from WB Games Montreal
Cartoon Universe
It is kid friendly
It's Looney Tunes and Scooby Doo
You make your own toon avatar
You play puzzles and mini games
Meet new friends
And experience the joy of exploring a place
So, very cool
There's supposed to be popular characters
From both the franchises in there
But no playable version of this
Yet, I guess there's a beta
I'm sorry, there is a beta version I guess that's out there
But I think it's really bugged
From what the early reports are saying
But it is a beta
But you can check that out
cartoonuniverse.com
NA for North America
Pink Textures
It looks cute, but
I'm going to play MMO, I'm going to play Star Trek
Or DC Universe or something
Lastly, for those of you guys
That aren't cool enough to go to E3 anymore
Like, you know, us
At least you can feel like
You're there by sitting on the couch
With your bon-bons and your popcorn
Which you can't even have if you actually go to the real thing
Because they don't allow that stuff in these
Conference centers
And watch the E3 Presser on
Xbox Live or Spike TV
The Microsoft
Press Conference will be live
On Xbox Live and Spike TV
I will be spending
My time doing what I normally do
During these press conferences, which is kicking back
In the conference room at work
Eating a bowl of popcorn while watching this stuff
Well, you know, I have E3 week
Off anyway, and I'm at the point where I've been
At my job ten years and I get so much
Time off a year for being there that long
That I just take E3 week off to
Have it off, and you know
It's not a bad idea, I should do that
Another thing, I may actually
This year have to move
Our studio may be moving by the way
I may be moving that week
So I may miss out on
Some of this, we'll see
But regardless, for the rest of you guys
You can watch that live as it unfolds
I can't imagine it's gonna be
Any different for Sony and Nintendo
It's just, you know, maybe they'll be on G4
Or PlayStation Home
Or, you know, they'll be available
As well
They'll be on G4, so it's like
Now Spike has more gaming cred
Than G4, which, yeah, I can see that
Funny how that works
Funny how that works
Alright, anyhow, a few more stories for you guys
Than the Frugal Question of the Week
Oh yeah, me, huh
Well, there is going to be Cave Story Plus
On the 3DS eShop soon
But it's not gonna be
The Cave Story 3D, it's a separate one
All it is, is an update for the 3DS
In fact, Tyrone Rodriguez
The CEO of Nicholas said
That he really wanted it just to be
The update, so neither game would interfere
With the other if you happened to delete one
That's a little weird, isn't it?
That you would make a second, like, remake
Of your game? Well, Cave Story
3D is a separate game from
Cave Story Plus
They're two different games, so
Yo dawg, I heard you like Cave Story
So we put some Cave Story in your Cave Story
And
For our listeners in the UK
The UK Pride Xbox Connect bundle
Will be available in May
And I kinda want it
But, not really
It's going to be a
249 pound 99 pence
So, there you go
There's also going to be
A
A skin available
Jella Skins is gonna make
A pattern
For 30 bucks
And they also, though, do have
A Stars and Stripes bundle for
The American audiences, or anyone who happens to want
An American flag on their
Game, or something
Or the Confederate flag
I'm sure they have the Confederate flag too, you know
Oh, shush
And then Ratchet and Clank HD trilogy
Has been pushed back in Europe
It will be pushed
From the 16th of May until early
June, Insomniac has announced
The end
The end
Let's go to the
Fugal question of the week
Except, I'm failing
And I did this last week too, didn't I?
It's something about the network change
I don't have the music
Up for this segment
But every week we go to our Facebook
At facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
Or our Google Plus
Yes, we're on Google Plus
With all the Google employees that are still there
There are some very loyal Google Plus listeners
And I get it
Facebook does some real dumb shit
Did you hear about now what they're doing?
I get why people want to run off to Google Plus
The whole messenger thing will now
Have this actual Facebook
Messenger app
Look this up on the internet
If you don't believe me
The Facebook Messenger app on the iPhone
Will now send your location
With the messages that you send
You can turn that off
To be fair, you can't turn that off
But you know it will be on by default
Because nobody at Facebook knows
What opt-in is all about
And the other thing with this is that
Return receipts
You can now request a return receipt
For when somebody has read your message
You can't turn that off
So if you don't want someone to know you read their message
Too bad
That would be great for the stalkers that Facebook message you
Well, I'm sure you could use a third party app
For that
I don't know the specifics of how it worked
But when I read that I was like grrr
More importantly though, Ronma and Chad
Has informed us that Bronson Pinchot
Actually has a reality show on DIY
I was unaware of this
It sounds interesting
I'm sure it's not
And by the way, Rob
I don't use the messenger anyway
I always have it linked me as offline
I'm just saying
I don't know the specifics
But I look at this and I raise my eyebrow
Right
Anyway, let's go on to happier topics
I make everyone get AIM
We're going to go on to happier topics
And things that don't piss me off
And that is the FUGO Question of the Week
Every week we ask you a question
At our Facebook and our Google Plus
Facebook.com, social media, radio
I'm repeating myself
So let's get to some of the answers
I love this question of the week
Not just because I thought of it
But because the interview we had tonight and everything
How inspired you to create something
Artistic in the real world
For example, art, music, a website
Anything creative
What did you create and why did the game
Inspire you to do this
So Shane from Warthouse started us off
Sorry I'm too busy writing my
Male Shepard Caden fanfic
To answer this question
I've written fanfiction
Really? For what game?
For a number of games
I did Metroid
Back in the day
Just old stuff
The last thing I did was for Digimon
Of all things
Nice
I still put together Mad Mods for Grand Theft Auto
And I was inspired to try to figure out
What the song
From DJ Hero 2 would sound like
The mashup between piano
And Shout
So I did that
And I've done fan art
Remember I did my Portal
To enter it for my final project
In 3D class
Alright let's get to some more of the answers over on Facebook
We have an answer
From Johnny B
Johnny Cage's
Ball Busta Move
Inspired me to create an athletic cup
Attached with nails and screws
I advertise this tool of protection
For men, women, and everyone in between
For a commercial project
In film school
Unfortunately this anti-hipster cup
Was the class's top prize
To be aired on local access
But it did earn me an A in the class
C, video games can help you
Get good grades in school
I think it's funny
But hey I have a tip for you
This is not a well known fact
About Rob Roberts
But before there was Orange Lounge
Before there was
Under Sedation Live
Before there was Rob on college radio
There was Rob on local public access
I had a TV show
When I was in high school
You will never see the tapes
I'm gonna make sure those
Fuckers are destroyed
Oh well I've seen some of it
I don't even know where the tapes are
I honestly don't
It is fantastic
It was fantastic
Seriously I'm being serious here
If shit like
Tim and Eric's awesome show
Great Job can do as well as it does
That public access show could have been a hit
Yeah you know it's a shame
I lost touch, well we're
Facebook friends but my friend Shannon
Who was like my bestie in high school
Did a comedy show on public access
And I'll tell you what
Kids in high school are such
Cock head bastard fucks
Like you know we used to get
Like the guys before us
Did this very conservative
Slanted show because they learned that
From their parents called
I'm gonna name names because I'm 33
And I don't give a fuck anymore
It was a show called Open Debate
And these guys
Would just sit there, they fucking would razz
Our show that was coming up
Like live on their show and the callers
Would call in and like talk about what
A fag I was on
Public access TV
I got bullied on television
You guys but it gets better don't worry
All I'm saying
Is you need to put claws in your will
That stuff gets released when you die
Unlike Whitney Houston and the episodes of
Being Bobby Brown which unfortunately
Probably died with her as well
I'm just saying
Alright
Anyway let me get to the rest of the
Questions here on Facebook I didn't mean to get on the
Tangent but I just wanted to
You know in the 10 years we've been doing
Orange Lawn's radio I never talked about
How much I hated those fuckers on
Open Debate and I don't know what
They're doing now but if there's any justice
In the world janitorial work
Jizz mopping I
I don't want to belittle janitors
Because janitors do an important
Job
Anyhow
Hey Port Chop
Answered our question on Facebook
Not so much create but
Adapted the Final Fantasy soundtracks
Inspired me to adapt some of their songs
On guitars such as Eternity Light
Waves and Aerith's theme
The game's music always impressed me and was very
Memorable which made me want to learn these songs
For myself as a result of this
Nobui Matsu is also my favorite composer
That's almost if you think about it
That's almost the same story that Random told
About Goonies 2
I have to say
Koji Kondo inspired me to start off as a music major
Very cool and I met him remember
I do remember that
I love this answer
From Stan H on Facebook says
Playing Journey as I type this
I want to knit the scarf and be crazy
Long
It was a Journey joke I love it
Lastly from Paul W
Is it weird that when you first
Said oh yeah he did a
Remix thing based on Journey that I thought
Of Journey the arcade game
I was worried
People would think that
Look
One more answer here from Facebook
And then I got one on Google
Paul W says back when I was in 2nd or 3rd grade
During the NES and Sega Master System days
I would create my own illustrations of enemies
Bosses when instruction manuals for game
Were more than just a sheet of paper or non-existent
These were new creations I had
Imagined for sequels to games such as
Fantasy Zone or Altered Beast
I think a lot of us did that kind of crap
As a kid Paul because like I can tell you
I'm sure you must have done this too
And everybody that was you know
Grew up in a certain time I'm sure did this
Did the RPG on the notepad
Where you drew the dungeon
And like you'd make your friends go through the dungeon
It was like you wrote your own video game
On paper so it makes sense
I used to have a tablet of that stuff
And I'm so sad that I lost it
This is why we're friends because I knew you were that kid
I didn't even have to ask
We would have been playing that game when we were in the same school
Basically I was inspired by Contra
I used to love drawing mazes
And so that's what I'd do I'd create mazes
And then there were mazes with cannons in them
And then mazes with spikes and cannons
And alien monsters and stuff like that
So it was kind of like that
It was like bullet hell but on paper
Alright
Let's get to the one answer here on Google Plus
Jim H
You go Jim's the loyal Google user
Here it is sort of embarrassing to admit
This but in my documentary class in film school
I made a one minute doclet about my
Holy Priest character in Warcraft
I actually got an A on the project
And had to answer questions from my instructor
Like have you ever let another player
Die on purpose? Great story
Love it
I'm sure the answer was yes
Alright
There it is that's it for the foogle question of the week
Let's get back into some news
Loki
Alright so this is a little interesting
EA is putting out an indie bundle
And now of course it's getting a little bit of shade
Because EA is not exactly an indie company
But the titles that are being included
Warp, Shank, Shank 2
Gatling Gears, Deathspank
and Deathspank
The Thong of Virtue
And ironically enough
It's actually being released on Steam
As part of Steam Play
And
They're also having some other
Indies that are
Available as well
I guess Deathspank titles are currently
$7.50 individually
And then EA's rest, their indie titles
Are $5 each
And those are PC only
Where as the Deathspank titles are PC and Mac
And
And
Interesting enough though
They've also gotten some
Hate from
Just this guy that put out a game called
Minecraft
That's right Notch
Basically saying
What's a Minecraft?
Basically EA is releasing
How do you mine fish?
So EA is releasing an
Indie bundle
I'm not sure
How that works EA
Stop attempting to ruin everything you bunch of cynical
Bastards
Oh tweet drama
Well it's going down on Twitter
Y'all
You know what though it did strike me as really funny
That the EA Indie bundle was on Steam
And not on Origin
Cause no one buys
Anything on Origin
I think it was a very interesting way for
EA to like very subtly shade Steam
The whole thing was a setup
No I think it was a trap
I think it was because they thought they would get more sales
From Steam sadly enough
Because there was even
And it didn't make our
Show roll here but there was a thing that
Origin put out like a survey
Saying okay
What would you like to see us approve
On Origin because
Kind of almost admitting
That it hasn't been that great
So what would you guys like to see
Us do
To fix it
Close it down and put the games on Steam
They're not going to do that
Although you know what
Competition is healthy for the industry
So you know I don't want Steam to be the one and only
But you know I don't know if EA should really
Be given their own store but I will say this
You know despite the cynical bastard I am and all this
I will say something nice about Origin this week
I did play
And I didn't talk about this in my gaming week but I did play
That Mass Effect 3 data pad game
That helps you with your galactic readiness
Remember that whole thing where we were getting really angry
Last week because I said that you have to
Play multiplayer
And I downloaded that thing
Well it does turn out and I do stand corrected
Thank you Chat Room that's the perk of doing a live show
That you can download this Mass Effect data pad
And raise your galactic readiness
Rating in a
I don't want to call it a Farmville type game but it's very much
One of those like Facebook-y type of games that
You know you send your ship out and wait
Three hours and you can check on it and what have you
And it helps raise your galactic readiness
And I got to say the way that all ties together
And how you do that on your iPhone
Yet it impacts
What happens on the Xbox
And you can check your multiplayer
Unlocks on the PC
That kind of synergy is neat
It is neat
And it's done
It's done well
So I will tip my hat
Slightly to that
I know this is being done just because it's cash grabs
Left and right wherever they can get it
But as far as the free stuff that's there
It's pretty cool
I will say that nice thing
About Origin but as far as the EA&D bundle
On Steam
You know what
I'm sure it was some marketing dude that thought
It would be a clever thing and
Probably didn't go through all the necessary
Checks and now they're paying for it in the media
Just like everything else
Guess what else EA paid for
In the media this week
A big snafu in their rock band
IOS game
A big pop up
Showed up when logging into rock band on the iPhone
Or the iPad this week that said
On May 31st rock band will
No longer be playable on your device
Thanks for rocking out with us
And everybody was like what
The fuck
I bought this game and I bought the DLC
It's on my phone and EA is just gonna fucking shut it off
Yank pull the plug
Pull it from my phone can't play it anymore
And while that little pop ups going on
It's still being currently sold on
Their on IOS's app store
Blows your fucking mind
Right well before you all
Yell this out in chat there was a
Follow up to it not only did Harmonix
And John Drake you gotta love
John Drake he's a
Great industry guy and he's very
Active and out there in the community
And he basically washed his hands of the whole
Thing and he's like uh
We were not the
You know we were not the publishers of this
We're working to understand what's up
ASAP
Well came out later in the week
EA came out and said that prompt
Was made in error
And we will give you more information
Soon they said quote we apologize
For the confusion this caused we're
Working to clarify the issue that caused
The error and we'll share additional
Information as soon as possible
Clarify the issue fire the employee you know
Yeah because
They didn't like that how did this happen
The cat did not sneak
In in the middle of the night and type
Dear rockers on may 31st
Rock me that was an intentional
Message especially the thanks
For rocking out with us
Thanks for paying us money
But your game is no longer gonna work now here's
My thought I have a random ass theory and this
Ties back into mass effect
You know they announced this mass effect free
DLC that's coming out in the summer but they
Put an expiration date on it saying you
Can get it free until
2013 or 2014 something like that
And BioWare said note
We don't plan to ever not
Make it free but EA's
Policies require us to set an expiration
Date and you know
As long as they don't have to honor it
And also speaking of mass effect
When I bought mass effect 2 brand
New mind you I had a coupon
In the box for an online pass
Expires February
1st 2012 and it was
Like mid February by the time
I was ready to play it it still redeemed
But that expiration date was
There and I was about ready to go through the fucking
Roof cause I bought that new
Just so I don't have to buy the damn online pass
I almost went through the roof it did work
But this makes me wonder EA
Has this crackhead policy
Of having expiration dates
Why do they have expiration dates?
That's a great fucking question that I would like
EA to answer
See I don't understand why they have expiration dates
I don't understand like
They'll do that you know on certain things
Like for example Ultraviolet you may notice
With a lot of the you know DVD's
And Blu-rays that are out there now
Come with a free Ultraviolet digital copy
That you can redeem you know
By a certain date and I'm wondering
If it's just because they don't want to keep those copies
Up on their servers for you know
Forever or something
It doesn't even make any sense because you can
Once you've streamed it or you have it in your collection
You can always stream it
I just don't understand why on a paid
App they have it that it can
Expire like that and that that right there
Is a perfect example of why
Going digital only is a
Bad fucking idea
Because what's gonna stop EA or
Any company from going yeah we just want this game
To work anymore boom done and
That's it you have no recourse
And really Rockband is
On your phone and you play you don't
I mean I understand if they're shutting
Down the online music store
Or they're shutting down the multiplayer
Or whatever but how can they
Stop the entire app including
Single player from working
How very dare you EA
Or if it's a free app
I can see okay maybe this is gonna
Expire and a new one's gonna come out
There was a Disney Tron app that did that
But it was free but here's the thing though
And this is kind of pointed out as well
They did something similar with Tetris
Tetris for example it expired
And stopped working and guess what
Oh they sold a new version of Tetris
You can buy it again
What makes you think that they might not
Try this again well yet PopCap
Who is now owned by EA
PopCap did it a little better
Because they turned Bejeweled 2
They spun off Bejeweled Blitz
Into it's own game but they made it free
And Bejeweled 2 didn't really stop
Working you know you still got that
Even though they have Bejeweled 3 they just
They kind of push people to go get Bejeweled 3
But they didn't make Bejeweled 2 stop working
At least I don't think and I don't want to check
On my phone but I just I think PopCap
Didn't screw it up the way
That EA did
You know if they're like well we have a policy that we have to have
Expiration dates why the fuck
Why do I care about your goddamn policies
Where is this explained that this might
Expire somewhere it there's no
Terms of service as far as
I'm aware
Bobby wants me to remind you guys and I even
Told Bobby I'd plug this and then promptly
Forgot
That we do if you are a steam
User and you are playing games online
In the community we now have a
VOG network community there is no
L army but you know we've been trying to push things
To the VOG network too steam
Community.com slash groups slash
VOG network if you want to join us there
And when the full I joined when the full
VOG network launches
Soon I can't tell you when
But it'll be sooner than you think
We'll have a link to that a little more directly
And yes I am still able to play Bejeweled
2 on my phone
There it is there's the music
I'm just
It doesn't
Surprise me that they would be the ones behind this
Yep
Alright we're gonna go to the
Mailbag dark soccer left the room
She'll be back in a minute here nope here she comes
Every week you guys send us emails
I'm allergic to mail
M-A-L-E or M-A-I-L
Both
Alright mailbag at Orangelauntrader.com is the place
To send us your emails and dark soccer
Might read them
Dark soccer hopefully you have some emails
For us tonight
Alright first one Robert M here I'll skip the silliness
And irrelevance to simply state
That I just picked up Bastion on Steam
Now that the Mac version is on there
And was $6 mid week
I mid downloaded this time so I can't say if it's
An imperfect but competent port
Like Super Meat Boy say but I'm looking forward
To it speaking of
I know that content downloading from the store on PSB
If interrupted will have to start completely
Over which seems unfortunate for a portable
Even considering its age
Does the Vita have this issue or can software
Be loaded a little at a time
I don't know
Hey Vita people will it work
Will it blend
Are you even listening
I was kind of tuning out
Sorry
Who wants to know if you can download incrementally
On the Vita or will you have to start over like on the
PSP
Download incrementally
If you're in download or whatever
Or if you like happen to turn your system off
Or something like that it will restart where it's at
Yeah and doesn't the Vita really encourages you
To put it to sleep not to turn it off
You sleep it and while it's sleeping
It'll download your shit which is good
Yeah in fact I keep forgetting
That I have mine in sleep mode like in my bag
And then the battery is dead
Exactly that's why I was like oh shit
It charges again
It's a bummer they didn't include a dock for the PSP
They sell one
Oh do they of course they do
But I love that 3DS dock
It makes it so great to remember to charge it
And it's just a cheap piece of plastic but it works so well
By the way I almost skipped
This email because it said oral advertising
But I saw who sent it
Dearest members of the online
Video game radio Caspoon Didocracy
You thought it was some French spam
We get inundated with French spam
I don't understand
This week I caught wind of the Metal Gear Solid HD
Collection being released on Vita
The very possibility of a collection of games
Such as this being released on the Vita
Brought the following questions to my mind
Who do I have to blow to get Metal Gear Acid 3?
Staycare Entertainment
This message has been brought to you
By oral advertising sent from my iPad
Well you don't even get
All three games
You only get two of the three
Metal Gear Acid 3
Who are you going to have to blow to get that?
Probably Kojima
And from what I understand he's not too into the blow
You'd have to get his ass
I would see Acid 3 more on
The 3DS
Because remember they had the whole
Remember that really weird
There was a Metal Gear
There also is a
Metal Gear something
I can't remember if it came out or not
They were demoing one a long time ago
A Metal Gear something on 3DS
It was the Metal Gear Solid 3D
Snake Eater
Snake Eater
So
Yes? That was it
Hey guys this is Honey Badger
AKA Blade 3
Okay I have to stop and apologize
Honey Badger messaged me on Steam last night
While I was drunk off
Cheap Sangria
Off my Ghetto Sangria made from Menneshevitz
So I'm sorry
I was a little drunk
I just wanted to say the listeners will support you
No matter what changes you make
Also I have a question for you all
But I think Loki may have the most
Input. How close are we
To having essentially gaming computers
And fancy cases that are just
Locked down by Microsoft or Sony
Basically where does the line between high end
Console and gaming PCs start
Well pretty much that's
What they are now anyways I mean it's just
Gaming PCs but it's proprietary boards
And what not
And specialized chips that are made
Specifically for the systems
I wish it was a little bit more like
Gaming PCs but I understand why they have
Limitations but it would be
Kind of cool like if for example
You can have an Xbox 360
And be able to upgrade the RAM in it
Like say okay all the games have to
Run with this amount of RAM but if you want
The games to run a little bit smoother you can add extra RAM
Kind of like how you can increase the hard drive space
I'd be worried though about those minimum system
Requirements slowly bumping up you know
It's the one thing that makes people a little leery of
PC gaming
Nowadays I mean I know but you know
Then it's the video card then it's you know
The operating system that your thing is running
Then it's the space on your hard drive
Then you know
Then one thing it's another
So next email
I just wanted to say real quick though since that was from Honey Badger
I love that name by the way because it always makes me think it is
It's the Honey Badger watch it run in
Slow motion
It's pretty bad ass look
It runs all over the place
I wish
Listen to Orange Dolls Radio
Don't fuck your shit up
If you're not you're a bitch
And by the way just to clarify
I did not mean to insinuate
That Kojima is gay he has not come out
But if he was it would be okay
It would be fine by us
The more the merrier
Two emails left
Hey guys it's Jim Sally
Do I have to do the choo choo noise?
I live in Canada sorry
And work as a party train conductor
Recently me and my wife started shopping
For Robot Butler but we can't decide
What features we want
Wait a minute he really is a train conductor?
I think he's full of shit
Let me finish the email
A party train conductor
A party train
Legit my dad for many years
He recently retired
But for about 45 years
He worked for the railroad
And he was a train conductor
So when I hear that I perk up
So I'm just saying
Chichi
I empathize with the train people
She loves data from Star Trek
But I'm more of an R2D2 kind of guy
Which fictional robot would you like to have
In your real life?
Anyway I'm off to go look for hobo stealing rides
On the Sally Express
Love you and good night Jim Sally
Edie cause she's hot
Mass Effect reference that's all I have
On the brain recently
I think
You know maybe the
The gigalobot from
Artificial intelligence
Does a cylon count?
As a robot because
I don't want to
I don't want to spoil but there's a certain
Cylon that's really hot
What? Are they full on robots
Or are they cybernetic?
Um
Cause I could say Angelica Houston from Captain EO
That's a great choice
But she's cybernetic
So are the borgs, the borg don't count
You know what? It's our show
We'll answer the questions the way we damn well please
And your answer is Angelica Houston from Captain EO
Yes
I want Angelica Houston
To service me
And I want a certain
Unsaid very hot cylon
That was revealed in the third season
Finale and we'll just leave it at that
So what about you Loki?
I want a portal turret, it's technically a robot
Then I'm gonna
Change mine to GLaDOS
I want to be her when I grow up
And die
Okay the last email
You know what?
I'll french fry you bitch
Bitch I will
Come back and julienne you
I will take you to In-N-Out and watch
Them put you in the blender
Anyway
You know what Rob?
What?
Aw I'm getting applause
Howdy OLR
I wanted to say
I wanted to call in
But something came up as usual
Therefore I'm writing you folks instead
I was having a discussion with
We're getting the manual work I see
I was having a discussion with a friend
About the future of Nintendo
He came to a conclusion that Nintendo
Might be better off if they gave up
On hardware and focused entirely on making
Good games. What do you think?
Would Nintendo be harmed by dropping hardware
Or is Mario still Mario regardless of what system
It's on? It comes from Panaxium
So you mean you want them to be Sega?
Yeah
It's a great thing
For the fanboys to fantasize
About. Ain't gonna happen
Ain't gonna happen
Not for a long time
That will happen over Miyamoto's
Dead body. Literally
Like
It's
It's a Japanese company
And there's a lot of
I don't want to sound rude or mean
But just look at the history
There's a lot of stubbornness that comes with that
That they know what the people want
And that's not the way they want to go down
And if you wanted to look for another example
What I'm talking about
The history of this show. We talked a lot about Konami
And I had this conversation
With a friend just the other day
Konami
Konami should've had
Konami had every right to be the kings
Of music games in America
As well as Japan
But they fucked it up
By not taking the risks
They did for a little while when there was a guy in America
Influencing a lot
But then that guy wasn't around anymore
And music games and Konami fell the fuck apart
Case in point. Rock Revolution
I think Nintendo will die trying to stay
First party
Well it's easy to dismiss Nintendo
But don't forget
How fucking huge the Wii was
Don't count it out
The 3DS should've failed
But it didn't
Nintendo brought it back
So write off the Wii U if you want
I'm as skeptical as the rest of you
But Nintendo kinda seems
To know how to make it work
Granted it could end up being a Nintendo 64
Or a GameCube
But neither of those systems exactly killed
Nintendo. It would have to take
Something of Virtual Boy proportions on the Wii U
To actually kill Nintendo
And make them go third party
So I'll sit here and fantasize with you about Mario
On the Playstation. I just think realistically
It ain't gonna happen for a very
Long time. Off topic
Here I wanted to mention something since I was browsing
Through the Playstation store
I find it a bit ironic that the full game
Of Ridge Racer
Happens to be under the demo section
What?
Isn't that a little funny?
Is it really? Yes it is
I gotta pull that down right now. Are you sure?
No, no. The paid
The one you have to pay $25 for
But it's filed under demo
I thought you meant it's free. I was like, you screwed up again?
No, no. Meaning it's filed
Under demo
Because there's no content to it
I think that's funny
Alright
Is that it for email? Are we done?
Yes. Alright. Mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us
Emails for a future week
In the meantime, it's time to get renty
Yeah, Fuse of the Week
Fuck Children's Week
Fuck all the Zorphins
Fuck their candy
Fuck their kites
Fuck the Violet Proto-Drake
I don't care anymore
I had the three holidays left
There's three
Children's Week has fucked it for me
Burn in hell
And your Matron
Fuck her too
Loki
F you to my ceiling fan in my living room
For breaking
My wife decided to turn the fan on high
To cool off, or to dry the
Floors that she had recently mopped
And the switch broke
So we couldn't shut it off
So I had to flip the breaker in the house and take apart the fan
To shut it off
Manually
But it gets hot in here now
F you to the fact that I'm not going to be able to go to Disneyland
In a couple weeks because I kind of wanted to go
And my friend's graduating and I'll
Get to miss it, but
And F you to Jamie because she'll be
Rob, you get to clean up Shermie's poop for me
That's true, hooray
F you to poop
Unless it was a really good meal
She has been a little drippy lately
Oh great, can't wait
You're disgusting
Alright, just a few more stories
For you guys
And then we're going to open up the skype line
Just for a little bit tonight guys
We're running a little late because of the interview earlier
I think it was worth it, don't you?
Just a few more stories for you guys, Loki
Oh wait, quickly, quickly
I want to say this
Because some folks in our chat room were talking about the whole
Nintendo and some folks brought up the iPhone
And I must say
Among all other things
I would see Nintendo going to a place
Like iOS first
Before straight up Microsoft and Sony
Type properties, why?
Because the investors have already been pressuring them to do it
And we have seen
Team Pokemon put something
One of those teams
Put something out on the iOS
Platform already
I could see something like that happening
Long before the
Sony and Xbox thing
That was something that was brought up in chat
What was it?
Legend of Zaku said iPhone
Enough said and it had me kind of thinking about that
Alright, anyway, now we can get to some stories
Alright, let's talk about the dark side of
Kickstarter
So there was this Kickstarter for
A game titled Mythic
The Story of Gods and Men
Which is an RPG from this company
Called Little Monster Productions
It was, of course
This already sounds a little bit
Outlandish, but it said
To rival World of Warcraft and Skyrim
Built together by a team of
Former Activision Blizzard developers
And the project was asking
For $80,000
It raised $5,000
Up until a couple
You know, days ago
Basically what happened was
They actually cancelled the funding
Altogether
And that's because
Apparently all their assets that they were showing
On the site were stolen
Apparently
All the artwork for the
Game that was supposedly being made
Was stolen off of different people's
Deviant art sites
Also
Some of the
I guess pretty much all of the
Rewards were stolen from
Another Kickstarter page
The Banner Saga
And
Of course it made it to Reddit
And people were warning them online
And of course Little Monster Productions
Responded to the scam saying
It seems we've been subjected to
False claims of ownership rights
To our concepts
The game itself is well in progress
And it's not a scam of any kind
Thank you for understanding
If you have any further questions feel free to ask
And then of course since then
The Kickstarter
Account's been deleted and
They've kind of disappeared and vanished away
With all that money
Well no, technically not
Because they have to hit their funding goal
Of $80,000 in order to keep that money
So the $5,000 that was contributed
Or put down actually didn't go anywhere
It went back to the people that
Never left the people that put it down
I still think it's a wake up call
I mean Kickstarter has really
Taken off
Everybody wants a piece of it
For some people it's like an ATM machine right now
And it's a tricky thing
I still can't wrap my head around
How I really feel about Kickstarter because
There's some things like
What Random was talking about earlier
And I saw a great piece
On the internet this week, an awesome piece about
Amanda Palmer's
Kickstarter
And basically the gist of the article is
This is why Amanda Palmer gets to do
A Kickstarter and you don't
And I thought it was kind of a really neat article
It was really good
I just
If you're gonna get into the
Kickstarter thing, that's cool
But play smart
And this story is a great example
Of why, because it really seems like there's some people out there
Just donating to everything and anything
Hey it's your money, spend it on what you want
It can be dangerous and this is why
Educate yourself
Make sure that you're aware
Of who you're
Donating to
I also really think
This would make me feel a lot better about Kickstarter
Kickstarter needs to allow the person
And maybe they do
To be fair, maybe they already do this
And I just never see people do it
And maybe people should be encouraged to do it more
To set a limit
On how much money is gonna be raised
Because you know
When I see certain Kickstarters
That ask for thirty thousand
And I can't even put my head around what you do
With thirty thousand dollars
And get a hundred and twenty thousand dollars
It's like
Well they keep changing
They're allowed to I guess change their
Goals I guess on their
What they're gonna do
I don't know
As a consumer I want to know where every dollar is going
You know
As an investor
And when you invest in a company
There's these things called investor and shareholder
Meetings where you talk about the company
And the progress and where the money is going
But really all that you are guaranteed out of that
Is basically what you
Slot you fit into
As far as the rewards go
That's all you're guaranteed
And that's my problem with Kickstarter
Well then don't donate the stuff that you're
Unaware of
But I will admit there are some Kickstarters
And like the star control thing we talked about last week
I have to admit I kind of want that cartridge
That sounded pretty fucking awesome
And you know I hear about people like
Random and certainly
The pink elephant in the room
There's other Kickstarters that you know
Obviously we're well aware of
You know and I wish success for them
But it's
It's just
There's just something about it
Like I just feel like the other shoe is gonna
Drop on Kickstarter any day now
It's gonna burst
I don't know if I want to be there when it does
Maybe I'm just being Debbie Downer
Anyway
Well I mean not everything gets
Not everything gets you know
Funded I mean there was the
Kickstarter for
It was a sequel to
Oh god I don't remember now what it's called
It was a PSP game it wasn't very popular
But they were trying to get a sequel for it
And that fell through
But there is some interesting
Things on there and this is another one of those
There's a
MMO on
There if you can even call it
It's called Class Realm it's being developed
By
Some people I want to say
They're in the education
System to
Basically motivate
Their students to read more
Participate in discussions more and study more
As well as learn
And you know it's called Class Realm
And it's kind of interesting
He says my kids are
They're the best promoters
As they're going around telling other students
How great it is and in my classroom the other kids
Come in from other classes from math and science
And they see the Class Realm
Stuff on my wall and they want to do it
And other teachers
Also have been hugely supportive and basically
What he's trying to do is he's creating this
Class Realm thing that's both free and paid
As well you can do the free
Sharing the tools with the other
Teachers and then the paid one
You get additional things
We covered this a few weeks ago
It's pretty cool
It's actually launched now and he's taking
Donations and stuff
You can pledge towards it
I think it's kind of neat
Alright
Well let's move on to another story here
We talked about harmonics earlier
In the show and I want to talk about them
Again because everybody's kind of wondering
What are they going to do next? Obviously they have
The Xbox Live and Playstation Network thing
That's coming but you know that can't be
The only thing they've been working on for the past few years
Well some rumors are leaking
Out about what we might see very soon
According to some different job listings
That were spotted harmonics
Is looking for a narrative content
And level designers
And one software engineer
They're going to be doing a project that's called
Quote a unique
Motion gaming IP
Hmmm
It seeks an accomplished narrative designer
To incorporate creative storylines
Into gameplay on a unique
Motion gaming IP
Could it be Dance Central 3
Or is this something brand brand new
Dance Central 2 kind of tried
To do the story thing but it was a little
Silly but you don't expect much out of a music
Game. Could harmonics be doing
Something, I mean maybe it's Dance Central 3
Maybe it's something totally
Different. They said unique
Yeah they did say unique
I mean harmonics
Everything they put out has been pretty good
Except for that free thing but
Harmonics does a pretty darn good job
Even vid rhythm may not have taken off like crazy
But it was really an interesting little tool
I'm really curious to see what they bring
With this
I hope E3 is when we get to hear more about it
But we'll see
How about some other news
Well
Sega is making
A kind of a console
For you to pee on
It's called a Dreamcast
Just kidding
I love the Dreamcast
It's a urine powered
Video game system for Japanese toilets
That's to be installed
In bars and it
Measures
Urine speed but two different
Effects
And Hiroyuki Tanaka
Who is a Sega spokesman
It gives customers something to talk
About when they come back from the bathroom
It
It's basically called the toilet
Toilet
I get it
It gives men
Incentive to pee in the urinal
To play mini games
Instead of on the floor
And it makes cleaner restrooms
And
Tanaka says
We live in a day and age where you have to give
Incentive for grown men
Please
Don't go pee pee on the floor
And they've had good feedback
From customers that says toilet cleanliness
Has improved
Now get the price on this one Rob
There's 130 units out there
At 150,000 yen
A pop
Now just to be clear we have heard
About this system before
Cause there was the whole toilet jokes
I've watched an informative video on this before
But what Jamie's talking about is that
Now Sega's putting it out there where it's
Really accessible where anybody can get this
You can get this for your personal bathroom if you want
If you're like into water sports or something weird
Well to clarify
There's been a trickle of information
About this
The hardware itself is
140,000 which is about
1700 bucks
The mini games are
10,000 yen a piece which is 125 dollars
And you can get
A 10 yen coin box
That's 25,000
So that you can pay to
Pee I guess
312 bucks pretty much
For the box
That's a terrible idea, pay to pee
And they have home options
It'll be on Spirit Airlines
Next week
And now they have home version options
Where you can pay
2,000 dollars to
Pay to pee in your own house
But you can
GioVidea who is a lady is in our chat room
At vognetwork.com saying it's needed in American households
Badly
Yes and in college restrooms
But this honestly
What do ladies have?
We can pee
Maybe not directionally pee like men
Cause you know it's really hard to aim when
You know it's close to the hoo-ha
But why take the fun out of trying?
We should have like poop pressure games
Ew
Ew
Ew
Ew about the pee too
At least pee is sterile
Going to our chat room
I really don't want to talk about this story anymore
But I really need to
You're the one who gave it to me
The show where every gamer has a voice
BlackWolf in our chat room at vognetwork.com
Says sign in the men's bathroom
Of the LAN center I did Friday night gaming at
You claim to have good aim
Now's your chance to prove it
Okay
When I was at the University of South Alabama
In the humanities building
On the second floor in the ladies bathroom
There was a little poem
Written on the wall in the stall
That I would usually use
If you must pee upon the seat
Wipe it off and keep it neat
There was also
Now get this
A toilet seat cover that I saw
On the top it says we aim to please
You lift it up
Please
I want to understand why women get the better bathrooms
We need to talk about this for a minute
Because we don't pee all over everything
I was at a gas station
Driving to LA and I was at the gas station at
3.30 in the morning because you know nature called
And I had to go but the men's restroom was closed
So there was not a soul
In this place so I said to my friend
I said Victoria I want you to stand outside this door
And if a woman comes don't let them in
So I went in the women's restroom
And you know I open the door and I'm like
There's like flowers and shit in here
It smells all
perfume-y
Like what the hell is this strange new
world
The only time I've seen like a nice bathroom
At this is like when you go to the steak house and have a nice
Dinner like those are the only men's restrooms
That get decorated where maybe like the little
Hand towels are in a basket
But fucking flowers and shit
At a gas station
Check who owns the gas station
I have been in some pretty
Shithole gas station bathrooms
For women so do not
Even go there it was
The chevron
On the way back from Pensacola
That's right when you get back into Mobile off the
Causeway ugh never go there it's
Awful
Alright we're gonna move on
To some other stories quite quickly
But I do want to point out cause everybody
In chat was like how many listeners did you lose
During that segment we gained
One suckas
You got told
When in doubt potty jokes
Alright moving on
We should talk more about that stuff
Let's talk about Microsoft
Coming soon to the VoG network
Poo poo pee pee show
I'm kidding I'm kidding
Microsoft has patented
Some sort of arm band
That has
EMG sensors as well as other
Electrodes in there
Basically what it does is it monitors your muscle
So for example
You know they would have it programmed
To where like if you made a fist or something like that
That your character would make a fist
Kind of like an extension to like
The motion tracking and stuff
And you know I guess it could be
Applied to other
Parts of your body like your leg or something like that
But it is kind of interesting
That they're gonna have some
Potentially gonna have some sort of device
That allows you to track yourself a little
Better
Pretty soon
I'm just worried about how far those things
Are gonna evolve
It is a device
That you wrap around an appendage
So the TTP for that
How soon?
If you don't know what that is
Just move right along
Alright a moment
Of silence please because
Like when I heard
This news this week
I almost wanted to call
The hotline
And send some help
Over to one of our authors
OrangeLawnTrader.com's house
To make sure he was okay
La Munana
In North America and Europe
Has been cancelled on WiiWare
And Dark Tetsuya
Bless his heart
Was really excited about that game
Like really excited about that game
And it was in development
And in development
And finally they just said
Fuck it we're not releasing
It on the Wii now there is some
Good news it is coming out on the PC
So you know maybe it'll be on Steam
Or something like that but uh
It was cancelled they did uh
I thought that was already on PC
Uh I think this is like a
Plus version or like an enhanced version
Of the game that's coming out
You know we were waiting on it for two years and basically
At the end of the day they just came out and said
WiiWare ain't profitable anymore
That's what everyone's been saying
That's something they need to fix
And a lot of that is Nintendo shitty guidelines
Where it's like you have to sell so many units before
You even get like a check
Keep that up and you won't have anybody but
Yourselves publishing on
That service
So uh
You know just uh a moment
Rest in peace La Munana
On the Wii
I mean at least it'll be coming out on the platform
It's a cute game I was interested in it
Why can't they put that on like you know Xbox
Indie games or how we'll get that on like
You know Xbox Live Arcade or something like that
Maybe we need to get them on the show to talk about it
But it seems like they don't like to talk much
Uh
Legend of Zaku in our chat says goes to show
Why Nintendo fails at digital distribution
Sj100Matt says but then again
It was Nintendo's fault really so it seems like people
Are not placing the blame on the makers
Of La Mulana but they are placing the blame
Squarely at Nintendo's feet
And uh I can't say I disagree with
Shall we open up
The Skype line? We shall
1877 Game OLR or our
Username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
If you want to give us a call
Rama just announced that he's a classy whore
Thank you for that
On our program
Alright 1877 Game OLR or again
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio
If you want to give our show a call
And talk about any news stories we may have missed
Or your opinion on what have you
Sadly Random is long gone now
He's off to work on something else
We can't let you ask him a question but uh
We can talk about what he talked about
In the meantime do we have any last minute stories here in studio
I'm going to fire up the Twitter and see if anyone
Sent us anything to talk about on
Twitter.com slash OLR
But first
I want my lungs to step in
Oh never mind a call is coming in
Look at that saved from last minute stories
Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio who's this?
It's that classy whore Rama
Hi ho
Who am I?
Hey ho what's up?
Not too much
Porkchop wants to talk about poop
I do have some things I want to cover before I get out of here
And start off my hellish work week
Yep
Alright first things first
As per orders of the great mighty powerful Rob
I went to Chinatown Fair
Yeah I'm curious to hear what you thought about
Chinatown Fair because what I read on Twitter
Was interesting
Uh oh
That sums it up right there
I
I wasn't
I wasn't expecting this
I really wasn't and I'm posting
A link to the complete total
Of eight photos I took
There because all I needed was eight
Photos
I mean
It's not even trying
To be a Dave and Busters
Wannabe
It's like
The kid brother little bastard
Of Dave and Busters that nobody
Talks to
Chuck E. Cheese?
Not even
Not even
There's some ski ball and the spinny wheel for tickets
And a basketball thing
Terminator salvation is cool
Guitar Hero arcade some people like
If you notice over in the corner
I only got one
But right next to that one big screen TV
There's another big screen TV
That's not even on
And
Damn you have HDMI cables hooked up
For the console
Hey they got a Plinko game
I didn't know they made those for the prices
Oh Rob you and Plinko
I mean it looks like a lot of
Ok it looks like a lot of the shit you guys remember
Got replaced with ticket spitters
Welcome to every other arcade in America
I mean it's sad but that's what's happened
I know but I wasn't
Expecting something like this
Though I mean
From
When I spoke to one of the guys who told me
About this he flat out said
The new owner has no clue as to what
He's doing and he's trying to convince
The owner to get in some actual
Good games
Ok well that you know and it is
New arcade so let's give
I mean yes it's an old arcade
But it's new owners or whatever let's give
Them a chance
That's what everybody was saying because at first we're all
Outside sitting on the
Stoop bad mouthing
And cursing up a storm about
This and then we're like you know
We'll give them about
30 days just to see
Yeah go back in a month and see what
Changes if anything and if nothing changes
Well then shit they didn't learn anything
Um you know give it
A chance
We're trying and we're looking we're walking
Like the first thing we started
Raging about the fact that there's a pump it up machine
Because nobody plays pump it up
It's funny in the picture that's the
Only machine I see a crowd around
That's the sad part
It's probably the only machine that doesn't spit tickets
Well there was a
Terminator salvation machine I saw there too
And a couple others I mean
Super bikes too
Hey you know what Chinatown fair looks like
Right now Roseville Golfland
Welcome to my world
The funny thing is that's the first thing
That came to mind I'm like
Maybe
I think this is it maybe we were on the same
Wavelength at that time for that five
Seconds Rob I'm so glad that the east
Coast now has a place where video games go to
Die congratulations
Yes
We'll take that with a badge of honor
Alright
anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight
I
No I'm just
Still in disgust from Chinatown fair
I'm going to pretend I never
Saw that. Alright go take a shower
Alright
There's not enough bleach in the world dammit
Alright bye Rama
Bye
1877 game OLR or our username on skype is
Orange Lounge Radio
Speak here Rama
He passed along a little giveaway we're going to have
In just a little bit here on the show
I'm waiting until the very end because that's how I roll
Um
Let's see going to
Some of our tweets that we have tonight
Tiger Claw of course sent us a few tweets
Here uh one of them is about
Miyamoto's DS patent
That will offer upgraded
Tourist hunting techniques
That sounds kind of interesting I hadn't
Heard about this uh apparently
If this
Is a real deal
There could be some type of advancement in GPS
Technology in tourist heavy areas
Like museums and haunted house type
Places and I'm imagining things like Disneyland
Uh this patent would have a system
Where an overhead grid
Of infrared positional information
Transmitters reads a user's
DS to light up floor patterns
And potential walkways
The user can pick which route they'd like to take
Reading tourist facts along the way
That sounds kind of interesting
I guess the 3DS I didn't realize this already
The 3DS will give guided tours
Of the Louvre in France
And it's really a pretty good
The Louvre
Yo no speak French-o
Um it's doing a pretty good job I guess
From what they say
That's kind of interesting it's an interesting use of the technology
Technically
There's iPhone apps and stuff
That do all that but this
Is a different way of implementing that technology
That you know would be pretty stable
So sounds
Very interesting to me
Let's go to the phones and take another call
Hi you're on orange country who's this?
What's up buddy?
Nothing much just trying to reiterate what
Rama has said about CF
I heard it from my sources a few
You know a couple of days before
It opened that it was going to be radically different
Like nothing
It wasn't going to be anything near what
The old CF was
And I guess
In a way it's
You know I got to give them the benefit of the doubt that
Sure they may have like a
Rocky and
Some uneven open just for the fact that it's
It's out of place for what
People would normally
Refer to as CF
But then again if the owner doesn't like
The owner doesn't make a change
Quickly then he's going to lose
These folks for quite a while
Because they're going to go to Brooklyn to next level arcade
Where the remnants of CF
Who used to run the place are
Pretty much alive and you know thriving there
Especially the fighting community
Let me play devil's advocate
For a minute here because this is a question
I should have asked on the last call
Yeah they might lose the fans that used to go
But is it possible that they'll gain fans
I mean arcades do this for a reason right
Yeah but it might be a demographic
That doesn't
Doesn't like bode well
For that area
I mean the way I describe a CFer
Is someone who's basically male
About 20ish
Into video games very competitive
So that type of demographic
Pretty much held that place together
For the last years
Of its old existence
Because
It was mostly fighting games and to an extent
Our community
The DDR community
So to have something that barely
Resembles that and
Something where the old guard of CF
You know are pretty much
At their own place right now that caters
To that demographic it's like you're not going to
It's not going to do any justice right away
If it's basically
If that old location has
Nothing more than just
You know just like a mini D&B
I mean that's
Pretty much what I'm getting at
You have so much space
That they crammed with arcade machines
Left and right
Like just about every place
Wall to wall just literally just covered in arcades
And now they're just like
There's not that many at the moment
But as I said I give them the benefit of the doubt
So unless this new owner
Doesn't like
Doesn't like
Unless this owner actually does
Something in terms of writing
This course and trying to draw more people
In there in order to stay alive
Let me ask this question though
Is it maybe already a lost cause?
It depends
How can you just turn it right around when you've invested the money
I know of another place
Like out in Queens in the city
Peter Pan Gaines
Is similar but it's more
Lopsided towards stuff that you can't find anywhere
It's like the only
In other words New York's only 2DX machine
Is out there as well as like
An unlocked X2
But it has redemption games
But the thing is that these redemption aren't just like
Some Mickey Mouse prizes
They're like real big ticket items like iPads
And coupled with the fact that
It's on a strip mall
Which gets a lot of foot traffic from the neighborhood
So it's partly
What CF is but it's like
What CF is right now is at an infancy of what
Peter Pan Gaines is already at
So it's at a point where
Unless they start drawing in something
That will keep whales
Like myself
They'll draw them in there
In other words you'll have a clientele
That will constantly spend money there
And will keep your place alive
They're just doomed to failure
They're gonna need that type of customer
Or else they're just gonna succumb to whatever
They get if any
Alright
Well Zaku I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show
But do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Other than
Cheating in MLB 2K12
I'm not a baseball fan but
The fact that people could game a
Could actually exploit a game just to make money
And 2K basically denying
Let them get away with it
That the exploit was illegal
Even though they originally said it was
I guess
They have egg in their face right now
It's like tainted that whole competition
They're gonna have a shitty finale
And they only have themselves to blame
Exactly
And they basically fell on their own sword
For basically denying
That said cheat
Was illegal even though it's technically
Allowed
Zaku I gotta let you go buddy
Have a good one
Alright that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight
I'm really sorry to those of you that didn't get through
The live listeners, podcasters I'm so
Sorry but I only have one of these to give
Away and I do want to give it to somebody
Tonight that's stayed up with us
This late, don't worry Loki's competition
He talked about that'll be open to everybody
But we're gonna open this one up to just the live
Listeners for right now, here's what it is
I've got a code courtesy of
Ranma for an
Xbox 360 avatar
Sonic hoodie, a Sonic 4
Hoodie so if you want your avatar on
Xbox to be wearing a hoodie
We're gonna give one of these away and the good news is
You can actually use this with male or female
There's a male code and a female code
So technically you get two codes
So I'm gonna give it to one person so maybe one for you
And one for your SO or what have you
All you have to do is send me a private
Message in our chat room at vognetwork.com
Right now with
One reason you
Love vog
One reason you love vog, make it up
I don't care, tell me one reason
You love vog, it can be as silly or as serious
As you want, send Skye
Just double click on my name and send me one reason you
Love vog and we're gonna pick a
Random person
To receive a Sonic 4
Hoodie here on the Voice of Geeks
Network tonight, so there you go
And Ranma wants me to say this giveaway is brought
To you by Anime Jam Session, yes fair enough
Fair enough, check out Anime Jam Session
At
AnimeJamSession.com
Alright send those private messages into Skye right now
And while I collect those messages you have
About three minutes to do that
Loki
So yeah
I have to
I guess the last minute story
Taito put out a game for Akira
About 25 years ago
On the Famicom and it's finally been
Fan translated, so you can check that
There's a patch available for that
Yeah
So it's out there
Just Google it
Yeah
Yeah I was just gonna
I was gonna talk a little bit about the whole MLB thing
This kinda sucks
Basically the exploit they used is they
Adjusted the lineup of batters
On the opposing team
And removed the best players
And so it made it a little bit easier to
Pitch a perfect game with
People that can't hit a ball
Or can't hit a ball as well as some of the other people
Apparently
Some people didn't do that
But
I guess a portion of the top
8 did
And that kinda sucks
Including one actually
Completely admitted to doing that and
They have evidence of that
2k came out and
Originally they were like oh well that's against the rules
And then they're like well
No it's not or well we
Stand by you know
The people that we chose as the top 8
So they're just kinda rolling with it
And I mean if you think about it
They fucked up and they didn't program
This exclusive mode
For this the perfect pitch mode or whatever
Perfect game challenge
They fucked it up
And unfortunately
I guess they'll just next year
Patch that out but
It is unfortunate that they don't just
Start the whole thing over again
But that's the way that is
Alright
Any last minute stories? Sorry I'm not totally paying
I'm trying to collect the vog stuff
Alright guys we're gonna close it up
The contest here we go
I'm gonna read you I'm gonna read DarkSakura
And Loki these answers here you tell me which ones your favorite
I'm not gonna tell you who said it okay so here it is
And we'll pick a winner from this so reasons you love
VOG here we go I love
VOG because it supports and promotes the
Indie side of gaming music and geekdom
Because listening to
VOG at work makes my day enjoyable
Because we can chant VOG at
Wrestling events V-O-G
V-O-G
I love VOG because it's got a host who asks Jiggly
Kayente a question on the reunion of Drag Race
I love VOG because
I want that stupid Sonic hoodie for
Name Redacted because he would be so excited
And that would keep him quiet for the whole night
I love VOG because
Every gamer has a voice
OLR is a great reason I love VOG
Reason I love VOG
OLR is on it duh
I love VOG because I can make the initials mean
Dumb stuff
VOG is the only live podcast network I listen
To often and look forward to the
Bobby Blackwell Show and Orange Lounge Radio every week
It's a tough one
What do you guys think? You like the very first one?
I love VOG because it
Supports and promotes the Indie side of gaming music
And geekdom
I could go with that alright congratulations
SSJ100 Matt the code's yours
Good job
A winner is you
SSJ100 Matt I'll email that to you later
Alright good answers though
Thank you for playing
I bet one of those was Shane
Yes the Shane was the one with the Name Redacted
Because this sounded like
Something you would say
I would have picked the Jiggly Kayente one personally
But sorry I should have stated you'd have to woo the other host over too
Alright
Alright
So congratulations again SSJ100
Matt the code is yours
And honestly if I had not been aware of
RuPaul's Drag Race Jiggly
Kayante sounds like a flavor of a Jello
Jiggler
Alright
That's about
Going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio
But not before we go around and collect everybody's
Final thoughts
My final thought tonight
I'm hungry I'm ready to eat
Dark Soccer your final thought tonight
Shwarma
Loki your final thought tonight
I'm hopefully going to play more games than
Beauty this week
Alright that is going to do it for another episode
Of Orange Lounge Radio thank you guys so much
Not only those of you that tuned in live
But especially want to thank the folks listening on the podcast
Feed as well you guys
Also listen to the whole show we'll have giveaways
For you in the future I promise
Little things and big things and what have you
Anyhow
If you do like what you hear here at Orange
Lounge Radio please tell a friend or two
About Orange Lounge Radio
About VOG our network now
And just help spread the word of independent
Radio because you know what
Word of mouth is all we've got
To promote the show we don't have this big
Magazine behind us and now I can say this
We're a start up
We don't got nothing but you guys to help
Carry the word of Orange Lounge Radio
And of VOG everywhere
Thanks you guys we'll be back to do it all again next week
Alright if you have any mails or tweets in the meantime
Send them in to twitter.com slash o-l-r
Or mailbag at orangelandradio.com
Thank you to everybody in chat for staying up with us tonight
Thanks to the podcast you for downloading us
Thanks to Random or Megaran for being here
Best of luck with your music
Thank you have a wonderful week
See you next week
Thanks for watching
