Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki
Tonight, May 13th, 2012, the biggest software companies give financial updates,
the price drops on older DS models, and could internet browsing finally be coming to the Xbox?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio. We are live with episode number 457 of our show for this May the 13th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and all that good stuff with my co-host.
Say hello first off to the one, the only, Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi world.
How are you doing?
I'm alright.
You sound a little better than last week, but not much.
No, it's still the allergies. I'm feeling a lot better.
We're sickly lounge radio tonight because actually, I don't know if you can really hear it, but I'm getting over what was a really bad, like, throaty cold.
Don't get me sick before I go to Disneyland.
Well, I'm hoping I'm way past that point because I was sick like Thursday, and if Alan didn't get sick, I don't think you guys are getting sick.
I have a sore throat.
Do you really?
I'll make you pay me in coffee.
Well, then maybe you did get sick from me a week ago somehow.
Well, then I don't know if I was sick or if it was allergies. I felt just fine.
Something's going around, I don't know, but yeah, I had a really bad sore throat.
It was bad because I was trying to, well, usually on Warcraft on Thursdays and Fridays, I lead the raid, which basically means, you know, well, I mean, like, I just, I make it sound bigger than it is.
I basically am sitting there calling, you know, hold DPS, alright, attack the tentacle in the upper left, you know, or whatever it is.
But this week, I couldn't do it.
I was like, Shane, you're going to need to do it because it happened this week because I sounded like this.
I sounded like a little boy because my throat hurts so much.
But thankfully, my voice is okay tonight and I can do a show for all you people out there listening to us on the VOG Network, www.vognetwork.com.
I need to introduce, of course, the third host on our show, always here every week. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Apparently, you're getting sick too. That's no good.
Yeah.
These things happen.
Yeah. Alright.
Also, of course, we do tape live on the VOG Network, www.vognetwork.com every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after our good pal Bobby Black Wolf over at the Bobby Black Wolf Show.
I want to wish a happy Mother's Day to all the gamer mommies out there that listen.
I don't know of too many for sure. I know of one, at least, that usually listens live.
Maybe one other.
But, you know, even if you're not necessarily a gaming mom, you might be a mom figure in somebody else's life or maybe a mommy to your pets.
So, happy Mother's Day to all who that saying would apply to.
However, for all of you whose girl bits work, ugh.
Are you having an unhappy Mother's Day right now?
I've been having a funk because, and, you know, I've been, Dan and I have been trying for like the last six years and I've been trying not to get excited every time I've had a little thing happen, but I've gotten excited and I've gotten super depressed.
I'm sure.
So, I just wanted everyone to shut up.
Well, I understand where you get like really-
It also creeps me the fuck out when people use pictures of their children as their Facebook icons. I understand being proud of your child, but living through your child and using your child as your avatar is creepy as fuck.
Well, you might change an awful lot once you go through that experience.
I really don't think so. I've never used a picture of Shermie as my icon.
You should. Shermie's adorable.
She is adorable, but anytime I've ever used a picture of Shermie, I've been in it.
I have an icon of Shermie on my LiveJournal where I have icons of me and a lot of other people from fandoms.
And it's the picture of Shermie sitting in Mel B's lap.
This says another lap dominated by Shermie.
Well, we'll see. I'll keep this recording and someday it'll happen for you.
You know, remember, true story, my mom and dad didn't get knocked up till my mom was 37.
She finally had me.
In a row?
Yes, in a row. She finally had me at 37.
However, Julian has turned five and I have to tell you the funny Mother's Day story from yesterday.
Sure, go ahead. Then we can talk about games.
Okay. I was at Becky's house and Julian runs in from the garage all excited and he hops up in Becky's lap.
He says, Mommy, Mommy, we got you flowers, but it's a surprise.
And we started laughing so hard.
Well, it's the kind of flowers.
You can't see it yet because it's a surprise.
And she's like, just know when it's a surprise, you're not supposed to tell me about it.
Oh, the look on his face was funny.
He's like, oh, you didn't know what kind of flowers.
That was the surprise.
It was just funny because he's like, I can't show you.
This is a surprise.
And just the way he said it, it was so cute.
But yeah, that's my Julian story of the week.
All right. Going to our chat room at vognetwork.com is where the chat room is.
Or if you're on the Game Surge Network, join us in channel VOG, V-O-G, voice of geeks.
Raginator says, Shermie and Mel B's lap, the one chick from the Spice Girls?
No.
No.
He's our own Mel B of...
DDR infamy from back in the day.
He used to do freestyle tournaments and all this stuff.
And now he's a kick ass DJ.
That's right, he's DJ now.
Didn't he spin at Fauna Mae last year? Isn't he doing it this year?
I think he's doing it this year too.
Yeah.
We really need to do, you know, for our 10 year anniversary things
since we really have no ideas.
I would really like to do some type of where are they now
where we really catch up with a lot of the old people from back in the DDR day just to say hey.
I know at least three of the girls are mothers.
Although I have to say one of them, you remember Renee?
Oh yeah.
She told me to have a happy Mother's Day because I take care of other people.
That's very nice.
That's good.
So that made me feel better.
I talked to my mommy and my mommy was like, I was like, so what are you doing for Mother's Day?
Laundry?
Well, if you think about it, not only are you a mother to Shermie,
but you're sort of a godmother to Maruko and Sanrio, our cats, because they have two daddies.
So you're like the womanly influence in their life.
I do get the cuddles from your little prissy dude.
He is kind of a prissy cat with his tail in the air all the time.
It's like, look at my butt.
Going to more comments from our chat room, Tigerclaw in chat says, Rob, for Mother's Day,
you should show your mom a violent video game just to see how she reacts.
We already did that like six months ago.
I showed her the new Mortal Kombat game.
It was hilarious.
What episode number was that?
You taped her reaction.
I did.
It's actually on video, but she said she would disown me if I put the video up.
So I could only play the audio of it for you guys.
Rob, what is this?
Actually, the next thing I want to show her, I want to show her the love scene from Mass Effect 3.
Either the dude on dude or the female on female to get a reaction.
I want to get my mom.
Keep in mind, my mom used to play Super Mario Brothers with me back in the day.
There you go.
When I go back to Alabama, I need to get a video of mom today playing Super Mario Brothers.
There you go.
She could probably still do 1-1 blindfolded.
No, no, no.
That was 8-1 that you had to do blindfolded.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Because it had the same timing every time you freaking did it.
DJ Morpheus from Under Sedation Live, which is on the VOG Network,
Saturday nights at a new time, 7 Pacific, says,
With Rob's voice cracking periodically, it's like being in a time machine and hearing him go through puberty.
You shut up. I'm sick.
I'm sick and I'm showing up for this show anyway because I love you guys.
Shut your whore mouth.
That's right. Shut your whore mouth.
Hey, video games.
We'll get to our gaming weeks in just a moment, but I thought a couple kickoff topics tonight.
Oh, my God. That's so cute.
What? Something else to distract us now?
No. It was Tiger Koplos did a picture of him with his old TV.
I had a TV like that.
I want to see.
It has UHF channels and rabid ears.
Oh, God. I used to have a TV like that in my bedroom because that was like the ultimate hand-me-down TV.
Since it is a radio show, this is the kind of TV that has the two knobs.
Shit.
Knobs. It had knobs.
I know. I know. But I'm just realizing as I'm saying this out loud.
You know, any teenager listening to this show has absolutely no idea what we're talking about.
And it had a contrast twisty dial.
Maybe you've seen these at a thrift store.
I saw a Blu-ray player at a thrift store, Rob.
I can only imagine that this description should be started with back in my day.
I know. Well, a TV like that, the funny thing is a TV like that wouldn't even work anymore after the whole digital conversion.
However, I'm looking for one.
For a reason.
Why?
Play my Odyssey 2.
Go to a thrift store. I'm sure you'd find them.
I haven't seen them at a thrift store.
Really? You need to go to like, you know where you need to go?
Just need an RF adapter.
You need to go to Deseret, the Mormon frickin'...
I do not like giving the Mormons my money.
I know, but I'll tell you what. They've got everything.
I used to buy old comics there, though.
I almost bought, for Rocky Horror, in my defense it was for Rocky Horror and I don't want to hear it.
I almost bought a wedding dress at Deseret.
I've been with Jessica a number of times getting stuff for clubbing.
Yeah? Good times.
Because you can get lots of fun. I've actually bought cosplay stuff there to modify.
There you go.
I bought...
The Mormons aren't all bad.
I bought some... actually, you know what the last thing I bought there was?
What?
Was my copy of Rubber Soul. The Beatles Rubber Soul. On vinyl. Five bucks.
This other place I went to had a really shitty copy and one of 54. And I was like, nah, I'll buy it for the Mormons.
Alright, I was going to spend some time talking about some pre-E3 lulz and stuff, but you know what?
I just... I don't think we're going to be able to keep the topic on gaming.
Sure we can. I can do that.
What?
I can keep the topic on gaming.
Alright.
So let's talk about pre-E3 stuff.
Let's talk about pre-E3 stuff. What did you want to bring up?
I don't know. There's a lot of big announcements I'm expecting at E3, so...
Alright, is it time to make our E3 predictions now that we're talking?
You know, we know that the press dates have been set and some of them you'll be able to watch live,
and some of them will only be online or what have you.
Okay, what are we going to see from Nintendo this year? This is the easy one.
What are we going to see from Nintendo this year at their conference?
The Game Boy Micro 2.
I still have my Micro, so STFU.
They're just going to plain say, fuck it, we ain't releasing the Wii U, you bastards.
I'm sure we'll see the Wii U.
I just can't get excited about it, though.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't think there's anything that they can put out for it at launch that's going to make me excited about the Wii U.
Save Excite Truck 2.
In which case, that will be a tough, tough day.
But they're not going to announce a date. They're not going to announce a price.
It's like...
It's like the Wii all over again or something.
That's right, they did come out and say, no date, no price at E3, right?
It's like, thanks! No information.
Oh, by the way, we're not going to show you any games either, because, you know...
Alright, so Nintendo, easy.
It's going to be all about the Wii U with a little bit thrown at the 3DS.
What if it gets delayed?
You really think that's possible at this point?
PS3 got delayed.
I don't think so.
They can't afford to delay it.
Nintendo already is going down the downward turn with their investors and everything.
If they don't put out the Wii U, you're going to see Mario on the iPhone.
They're going to have to give in to the investors, and that's what the investors want.
They want Nintendo to develop for the iPhone.
So if the Wii U gets delayed...
That's the day that Miyamoto will bind his knees and commit seppuku on the roof of the Nintendo building.
Honestly? Yes.
And then they would sell his head on eBay.
The Wii U's coming, whether it's ready or not.
I hear Foxconn has a nice roof that he can jump off of.
Stop it. Inappropriate.
I think Miyamoto has a little more self-respect than that. I think it would be ritual suicide.
You know, the last one in Japan happened in 1978.
You all are being so morbid and gross and tacky.
I have to read from chatroom, Rob, since you're ignoring it.
I'm not ignoring them. What do you want to read from chat?
I just lost it because you were busy jabbering.
Oh yeah, um...
Great, now I forgot it. Oh well.
I can't find them anymore. This is why I usually read chat.
We have this awesome comment from our chatroom, and...
Oh, it scrolled away. Where'd it go?
I'm trying to find it.
Someone said, back in my day, we... Oh no, it was one-night stands.
Back in my day, we had to blow in our cartridges.
But my retort was, back in my day, my computers used cassette tapes.
Because you're old. All right, um...
You're old, too! Who was it we were talking about needed hearing aid today, Mr. Rob?
All right, look. 3DS. Anything exciting going to happen on the 3DS at E3?
All they're going to show is, they're going to show New Super Mario Brothers 2 for the 3DS,
which is like, yay, New Super Mario Brothers!
I mean, it's a good game, and they're just making more levels for it,
which I've said in the past they should do for the first one,
you know, and open it up so everyone else can make levels, but then they won't do that.
Um, I mean, what are they going to really have for...
It's not going to be Smash Brothers.
They may announce Smash Brothers, because it could be years away before it actually comes out,
but that's not beyond intended to do that.
I mean, hell, when did they announce Pikmin?
Well, like a couple of years ago.
So, I'm not surprised there.
Um, probably Animal Crossing will be the holiday game, which is kind of...
You know...
Yay!
I want to play it.
He may do Luigi's Mansion 2, but eh.
It's kind of been long enough for me since I really got into an Animal Crossing game
that I could be convinced, because I really just passed on the Wii one,
I really could be convinced to play Animal Crossing 3DS.
I would be pretty easily convinced.
Like, it's really a peer pressure thing for me.
If all my friends do it, I will do it too.
You know what?
I found my copy of Doubutsu no Mori.
Really?
And I was like, I should play this.
And then I was trying to remember why I stopped playing it to begin with.
Because I don't read Kana as well as I thought I did.
This game's hard when you don't natively speak the language.
I mean, there's not a lot that I can be excited about.
Especially if we're talking about this system's going to be
basically like an Xbox 360 with the tablet controller and the Wii controls.
I don't know.
It doesn't seem very exciting to me.
They're going to have...
Probably the same stuff that you saw in the tech demos
are probably going to become full-fledged games,
because that's what they did with the Wii.
Oh, these are only tech demos?
Wii Sports.
You know, Wii Sports Resort.
It was just all the same shit.
So you'll probably see some sort of compilation that's going to be packed in,
like a packing game or something that's going to be like Wii Sports.
I don't know, Wii U Sports or whatever they're going to call it.
And that'll be that.
But I'm kind of interested to see how it's going to work with, like,
you know, especially first-person shooters and stuff,
that tablet control is cool.
But what if, like, say, I want to have more than just one person
playing a first-person shooter, you know,
were we going to be on the classic controllers now?
I mean, that might not even be that great,
because their controllers are kind of lacking
compared to some of the other systems.
It's going to be hard to port that stuff over,
but I don't know.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see what they show.
All right, let's move on so we don't spend all show
on these predictions weeks before the show happens.
How about Microsoft?
I said on Bobby's show a minute ago
that I think Microsoft is hedging all their bets on Halo 4.
The Halo 4 is going to be the centerpiece
of that presentation at the very end,
and that's really all the Xbox has going for it right now.
No one's going to care.
I don't think I'd be that cynical about it.
Well, first party, they're going to have the new Forza game.
They're going to have Halo 4, the new Fable game.
They're going to be talking about exclusive DLC
for existing properties like Skyrim.
They're going to have exclusive DLC for it.
They're going to talk black ops 2 because I'm assuming
they're going to continue on with them having the DLC
slightly earlier before everybody else.
There's the rumors that they're going to be doing
some sort of extended peripherals for some exercise games
to kind of tie those all together, that kind of stuff.
Maybe the web browser thing.
You may be talking about some more revisions to the...
Please don't make any more revisions to the goddamn dashboard, okay?
It's already Windows 8 enough.
I mean, so... I don't know.
I'm wondering if they won't slip in some things about Windows 8
and kind of maybe how it might interact with the Xbox.
Maybe some type of enhanced media center or something?
I mean, big question mark there, but...
I don't think that's really necessary anymore
because a lot of the people they have now,
it's tied in with all these different streaming services.
You don't really need to stream from your PC anymore
to stream Netflix and stuff
because you can do it through their apps.
So they may talk about more partnerships with that kind of stuff.
Another perfect one is the Kinect-enabled children's programming stuff
that they were going to be doing for National Geographic and Sesame Street.
That might be something to push Kinect because that was kind of neat.
So you think it'll be a lot of these really weird outside-the-box things like that
that you're talking about that we're going to see from Microsoft?
I'm thinking, yeah.
Here's how the device does this, and here's how the device makes waffles.
Maybe they're going to talk about new properties.
It would be nice if they made a new franchise or something like that.
Hell, Nintendo, make a new franchise.
That would be kind of cool.
I would love it if they would kick off a new franchise.
We'll see.
Maybe they'll bring Milo back from the dead, LOL.
Okay, Sony.
Sony's a huge what?
What do you want to say, Dark Soccer?
Nothing.
It's a thought that when it came back into my head,
I thought that's actually going to be kind of stupid.
What? Now I really want to hear it.
Taking old, kind of obscure NES games and making them into full-on new properties.
That won't happen.
Like Milan's Secret Castle.
Not on the Xbox.
Well, no, I'm talking...
You said Nintendo needs a new...
Sure, Nintendo. Any of them could use the new one. Why not?
New IPs rock.
Well, maybe that's, you know, with all this retro gaming thing that's been going on,
maybe what they need to do is look at the old stuff
and bring it screaming into the modern...
Yeah, but some of it hasn't worked out too well. Look at Bionic Commando.
Oh, yeah, but that was shit.
Well, that worked out well for the Xbox Live Arcade games.
That's true. The best Bionic Commando were the remade games. Yeah, yeah.
Which is ironic because they're by the same people, but...
The other thing, the IPTV stuff, the web TV thing that they're maybe going to be doing,
their own TV network type thing, that might be interesting.
I would bet you anything that's where Major's Minute goes.
Some sort of new show.
Interesting.
To get rid of the old show, to make way for the new show.
Alright, let's quickly talk Sony real quick, because Sony's kind of a wild card.
I mean, obviously, they're going to be pushing Vita, but we're not going to really see...
You know, there's not going to be any peripherals that we can think of that would come out from Sony.
Like, there's nothing that they're pushing there.
So, it's really games, games, games, games, games, left and right.
Vita, they're going to be having a lot of stuff to talk about. The Vita, maybe enhancements to that.
Maybe some more move-enabled games.
Once again, I don't think the move is a bad peripheral.
Honestly, out of all of the motion-captured things that they have right now, I think that one works the best.
Yet, I don't want to play anything that's using it.
Well, actually, the sports champions thing, I thought it was really impressive.
I'm like, this actually works pretty well.
Versus Kinect, where it's like, this is not detecting me. This is frustrating.
So, I can see them doing some more games that are going to probably support that.
Once again, they're going to continue doing hardcore games that support the move as well.
I think they're going to talk a little bit more about, once again, franchises that are going to be supporting the move.
And stuff like Bioshock, Infinite.
They have a few new games that they're supposed to be announcing, like the God of War prequel.
Well, the God of War prequel.
It's not making God of War prequels.
I can't even keep track of the storyline anymore.
Sony Smash Brothers, or whatever they're calling it. Battle Royale.
That might be pretty cool.
They're going to probably show...
What about that one game, Last Guardian?
Where that guy suddenly disappeared, but they say the game's not cancelled.
The Last of Us, also. That's their big holiday game.
So they're really going to just have game, game, game, game, game, game.
I think they're just going to have lots of games.
That's good. That's what they need. Especially Vita.
I'm really excited to see the Vita's second half, based on some of the early stuff they were announcing before.
Yeah.
Alright.
Going to our chat room, ShadowNextGen says there needs to be a Vita price drop announcement at E3.
I don't... I mean, I think that will...
And then WhatUpG follows that with, there is talk of a PS3 price drop for E3, ShadowNextGen.
Again, that's vognetwork.com for chat.
I could see them doing that, because they want to push more systems.
They're just bundling right now. They're kind of doing that whole thing.
The Vita price drop... I mean...
I guess they could do that, but they're already... I think they're already losing money on the system.
So it's going to be hard for them to do that.
Because, I mean, the system is more powerful than the 3DS.
And so, therefore, it is more expensive.
It's just right now, I don't think there's a lot of games that people need to have on the Vita.
There's nothing like, oh my god, I need to get a Vita for this game.
Whereas, you know, like Mario Kart, oh, I gotta buy a 3DS for that.
Or Super Mario 3D Land, because it's just an amazing Mario game.
Or, you know, a Zelda game, or something like that.
Although, they need a new Zelda game on the 3DS.
None of this Nintendo 64 rehash bullshit.
Let's see... I'm actually speaking of rehash bullshit for the 3DS.
I'm surprised they haven't remade the Mario 64.
That could be a title that they could just poop out real quick and put out for holiday.
And it would sell a ton of copies.
I don't know. I think there's going to be a lot of things for the Vita.
I think Call of Duty is definitely going to help.
I think if they end up doing a Max Payne Grand Theft Auto or something of that caliber on there,
they could easily do that.
You know, I'm actually very interested in Lego City Stories, which was the game.
They didn't announce the publisher, but it's fucking Rockstar.
It is so goddamn Rockstar Games.
The interface is exactly the same.
So it's Lego Grand Theft Auto.
I mean, that would be pretty awesome for the Wii U.
That could be a big thing.
And if that comes out in other systems, that could be a pretty cool announcement.
And just more Grand Theft Auto 5.
I don't care who shows it.
Microsoft, Sony, both of them.
Hey, let's just show different things.
Every booth has it.
EA, just put it up there.
Hey, it's such an awesome game. We're going to show this too.
I think that would be pretty cool.
I hope it's just something that's not cancelled.
Because once again, all those really cool things that I wanted for the 3DS,
DJ Hero, Saints Row, that kind of stuff,
all got fucking cancelled before the 3DS came out.
So all these things that they announced for the Wii U,
like this Lego City Stories thing,
could easily be cancelled by the time we get to it.
Alright, well, I'm sure some of you out there have your theories as well.
Email us quickly before the leaks start coming,
because that's going to be the exciting thing over the next few weeks,
is leaks, leaks, and more leaks. We even have a few tonight.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com to lock in your predictions right now.
And I would like to add once again, because I don't think I say this enough,
I fucking hate Michael Patcher for getting paid lots of money to make stupid guesses.
I mean, hey, hey, I hear that a certain big title from Take Two got, you know, delayed.
Therefore, Grand Theft Auto 5 is coming out that day.
Yes, you could draw that, you know, you can make that argument, I guess,
because it's a pretty obvious one to make.
You know, or like, hey, I hear that, you know, a studio's making a new Halo game for the X-
I think it's going to be for the Xbox.
I mean, come on, that would be kind of the stuff that he makes calls on, I don't know.
But he gets paid a lot more money than I do.
Alright, let's talk about our gaming weeks,
because I have a pretty big thing I've got to get into in my gaming week this week,
so let's start off with Ladies First Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week? What type of video games have you been playing this week when you haven't been coughing?
Um, I got a panda to ten as a brewmaster and talked to the king of Stormwind
and realized he's an asshole and quit playing the beta.
By the way, she's a Warcraft addict, everybody.
A dealer. And I played some Portal 2.
Oh, have you played with that new level creator thingy that came out?
Not yet, not yet.
Oh, you gotta. I need to.
I need to go home tonight and make sure that goddamn code for the digital version of Portal 2 for PC works.
Yeah, I think you might want to cash in on that.
It's down to like twenty bucks now.
Oh, if it doesn't work, oh my god.
I'll have to wait for another Steam sale.
Still, I'm going to point and laugh at you for a second.
I'm going to go home tonight and make sure that goddamn code for the digital version of Portal 2 for PC works.
I'm going to go home tonight and make sure that goddamn code for the digital version of Portal 2 for PC works.
I'm going to point and laugh at you for having missed that bone.
I want to thank ActDeft for the gift of the Portal 2 behind the scenes thing.
Oh, that's nice.
Listeners buy us gifts? I want gifts.
Listeners buy me gifts.
No, actually, I have gotten nice things from listeners before. I can't pitch.
Speaking of gifts, I already bought you guys' Christmas gifts.
Already?
Really?
I already took care of it.
Nice. That's being proactive.
Now I'm going to remember that when Christmas comes around.
You bought that in May.
No, I can't wait. It'll be great.
It's not ready yet, though.
Alright.
Uh-oh.
RageNator in chat says,
Just an A. No A+. For shame.
He's being very much an Asian father right now.
Do I look Asian to you?
Alright, I'm assuming she's done, so Loki, you're giving me a week.
I just played Call of Duty Mario Warfare 3.
I wanted to get to play other things, but I was actually working on some Grand Theft Auto modding tool thing.
And I finally finished that, so...
Whew! I'm done with that. I can actually go and work on actual Grand Theft Auto 4 modding.
You know, I've got to get my stuff that I've been working on for like a year now done before Grand Theft Auto 5 comes out.
And then I am going back to Skyrim.
It's beckoning me, so I'm going to play that.
Now, actually, I'm supposed to be getting a copy.
I don't know if I'm going to keep it, of the Witcher 2 Enhanced Edition for the 360.
I haven't decided if I'm going to play that or not.
I do want Max Payne 3, because I want to rule the online for that.
But, we'll see.
I have to wait a money.
Alright. That's it then.
Alright, my gaming week has been all over the map.
Let's talk about the big one.
I beat my third game for 2012 this week.
That means I beat...
Okay, so if we go back...
Now, remember, I have Gamer's ADD.
I never beat video games.
And if you haven't heard me talk about my Gamer ADD on the show before,
I have a horrible habit of buying $60 video games, playing the first three stages,
and then going, ooh, shiny!
Playing a new game that comes out the very next week.
I know I'm not the only podcast host that has this problem.
I've heard other guys with this.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Exactly. I know I'm not the only gamer with this problem.
So it happens to all of us.
It's been 25 hours in the day.
You know, sorry, just to interrupt real quick,
but you posted on Twitter you needed a new game to play.
Yeah. I was going to get to that.
Well, then let me get to it.
First, I have to talk about my big feat.
So I beat my third game.
So to recap, this year, I beat Mass Effect.
Then after that, I beat Mass Effect 2.
Guess what I beat the other night?
Space Harrier.
Mass Effect 3, everybody!
Woo!
In summary, you know how many hours I've sunk into the franchise overall?
Over 100 hours I have played these games since February.
Yeah, so I beat Mass Effect 3.
I've already kind of reviewed the game, I guess, on prior shows.
I love it.
But I'm sure here's the question.
I already know.
I already know Tiger Claw is going to ask this in the chat room,
or somebody's asking it in chat.
I don't even have to turn my head to look.
So, Rob, how about that ending?
So I can finally talk about the ending.
I won't spoil, though.
Out of respect to those that have not beat Mass Effect 3 yet,
or are just now getting into Mass Effect, I'm not going to spoil.
So which color did you get?
I went with green, which apparently was not the right thing to do.
But my thought was,
oh, well, I'm not going to go with the obviously Paragon
or the obviously Renegade thing.
This surely must be the bonus choice that I get
for having collected so many war assets,
which was only about half true.
Yes, it is a bonus choice you get for collecting a certain amount of war assets,
but it's not as great as you'd think.
You said ass.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyhow, so without ruining the ending, let me just say this.
I pretty much stand by everything I already said about this debacle
earlier in the program.
Yeah, it's kind of a disappointing end to a series
that a lot of people are very rabid over.
It's a little weird that no matter what you do,
the end result kind of ends up being really the same.
And for all this war asset, multiplayer, EA server,
it interfaces with the iPad app and the iPhone game
and the website and all this stuff.
You build up the war.
It maybe impacts three QuickTime movies you get at the end of the game,
which is kind of disappointing considering BioWare puts so much more
into the game otherwise.
But maybe they didn't want to branch it out in all these directions
because it makes future games in the series a bitch to make.
I don't know. I don't know their reasoning,
but I'm looking forward to the DLC just like everybody else.
But this is supposed to be the last one.
Surely you don't suggest that they made a terrible ending
so that they could sell another game.
Oh, please. Please.
It won't be the last Mass Effect game.
I mean, it might be the last in this trilogy,
but if they could make a Halo 4, they could make a Mass Effect 4.
That's for sure.
Otherwise, yes, the ending is unfortunate,
but it doesn't ruin the hundred hours of the gaming experience
I had to get there, which was a great gameplay experience.
I'm still playing the multiplayer.
As recently as earlier today, I was playing multiplayer.
I was playing multiplayer with Shane and Paul,
one of our listeners and one of his friends last night.
We were all trying the gold multiplayer and getting our ass kicked,
but it was so much fun.
So, you know, we're having fun with that.
And what else did I want to say about the whole ending debacle?
There was one other thing I wanted to say about it.
Oh, the whole talk about the defective game
and turning it back to Amazon and filing the complaint with the FCC.
That shit was ridiculous.
Oh, really? I didn't need to play the game to know that.
Exactly. My thoughts have not changed on that.
I just want to make that clear.
Do I think BioWare could have done better?
Fuck yeah, I think they could have done better.
Absolutely.
But I'm not really the type to raise this huge ruckus and stink over it.
They were a little busy working on some Star Wars MMO or something.
Shane is screaming at me to talk about the theory.
I don't want to spoil it, Shane.
I don't want to spoil it for listeners that haven't beat it yet.
All I will say is this.
He was begging me to watch this one and a half hour long documentary on YouTube
that is explaining the ending.
And I'm like, Shane, I don't need to watch this hour and a half documentary
that explains the ending.
Exactly.
Because I kind of already figured it out.
Like, I was halfway there.
And then he says, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I'm like, oh, okay, I can see that.
Yeah, you're probably right.
You see, they're going to better explain the ending soon.
They're going to have the pop-up bubbles, like pop-up video for the ending
once the new BioWare DLC comes out for Mass Effect 3.
And he's like, no, you have to watch it anyway
because there's so many little things that go into it.
I'm like, Shane, I don't need to be sold on the theory.
I accept your theory.
It makes a lot of sense.
All right, I'm on board.
You're right.
That's the ending and that's how they're going to fix it in the DLC.
No, watch the documentary.
I'm like, God damn it, no.
Anyhow, act deaf in the chat room screaming.
Exactly.
Fucking exactly.
It's open to interpretation.
That it is.
It is a little bit.
Anyhow, how about other games that aren't Mass Effect?
Which I know is sacrilege, right?
Okay, you wanted me to get out the haterade, though,
because I played a really fucking terrible game this week.
Like, it is Yaris bad, you guys.
You ready?
It was a free game for me on PlayStation Plus,
which should start to tell you how terrible it was.
And I don't even remember the name of it.
I think it was called Frogger Returns.
Good Lord, Rob.
Oh, no.
No, you see, you don't even have to explain that.
I mean, it's just...
Yeah.
It was free and...
Okay, so it's like...
Remember how, like, the original Frogger was a good game?
And then remember how...
I don't remember the original Frogger anymore,
because it's been tainted by all this shit that they keep popping out.
I have good memories of Frogger,
because I was really good at it while on roller skates.
Then remember how Frogger came out again in, like,
94 or 95 on the PlayStation?
And it wasn't bad.
That first Frogger game was kind of a neat reimagining
of Frogger on the PlayStation, right?
And how every Frogger since then has basically tried to be
that PlayStation game all over again,
because I guess that was actually one of, like,
the best-selling PlayStation games ever,
was that Frogger that came out.
But it was awful.
So Frogger Returns is, like, kind of a mixture of the two.
Like, it's trying to be the arcade game in that top overhead style,
but they've redone the maps to add a sewer level, a subway thing,
and it's just, like, it's so derpy,
and I don't really have a better way to explain it.
Like, there's power-ups, you guys.
Oh my god, oh my god, okay, power-ups, power-ups.
You can make everything stop for a few seconds,
which surprisingly doesn't make anything easier,
because sometimes you have to have things moving
in order to get from platform to platform.
So that power-up does nothing.
And then, oh my god, you guys, oh my god, you guys,
super revolutionary Frogger power-up,
change your fucking mind, blow your fucking mind away.
Ready?
Reverse.
Everything fucking moves backwards.
Oh my god!
Don't tell me that they have a mirror stage option as well.
I don't know, I didn't beat the game,
but maybe that's something that comes up.
But everything moves backwards,
and you know what it changes?
Nothing, because Frogger is just as hard
when everything's moving backwards as it is forwards.
Hey, Rob.
What?
There was a good Frogger thing that came out.
What's that?
Frogger 3 Deep on the Commodore 64 was badass.
It was a project using GPS mapping and street sensors
to where they had an interactive Frogger
that used New York City traffic as the cars,
and you played the frog.
That's already more interesting than the game I played.
I don't know, that looked pretty derpy.
I thought it was pretty neat.
I will say this.
For you trophy whores,
there are four trophies in Frogger Returns.
You get a silver trophy for beating the first stage,
and then for stages two through four,
you get a gold trophy.
So if you want an easy gold trophy or two,
go play Frogger Returns.
Three on PlayStation Plus.
Otherwise, oh, I needed to get out there.
This is so important.
The collision detection is awful.
And in Frogger, collision detection is kind of important.
You think?
I was nowhere near that car.
It's like playing a sprite-based game in three dimensions.
It's terrible.
All right.
Moving on.
One other game I played on PlayStation 3,
although this game's on Xbox Live Arcade as well.
I didn't pay for it because it's also free on PlayStation Plus.
No, we got it found at Fifth Avenue Frogger.
And this game was actually worth my time,
unlike the other one.
Awesomenauts is on PlayStation right now.
Awesomenauts is kind of cool
because Awesomenauts is like a tower defense game
mixed with Gunstar Heroes or Contra.
It's like a shooter mixed with a tower defense game.
Here's the interesting thing about it, though.
Once you play the tutorial level,
it's really all multiplayer.
I mean, yeah, you can play single player with bots,
and you can kind of do it that way,
but it's all online.
And so, I mean, imagine if you were playing a type of Contra
where you were just shooting the other people.
That's kind of what they've made is a side-scroller shooter
that's multiplayer head-to-head.
And, yeah, it's kind of a neat experience. I liked it.
Can you shoot people until they explode?
Yeah, you shoot people until they explode.
They go back to their base, and they have to respawn,
and then you fall down this little rocket,
and that's kind of what fills the time
so that way there is a penalty for you having died.
And in a nutshell, you're trying to bust through
these little, like, I think they're called turrets.
You bust through these little turrets
on your way to get to the base.
I mean, it's like any other tower defense game,
but they mixed it with a shooter,
which makes it kind of unique and fun.
So, yeah, I liked Awesomenauts.
That's worth a look.
If you're on PlayStation Plus, especially, it's free.
So, like, seriously, go get it.
So it wasn't Awesomenaut.
Well, and it has this amazing 80s retro theme song to it
and, like, anime intro.
And I got to say, it's a sharp-looking game.
It looks like a cartoon.
It's great. Art style's fun.
So, yeah, it's worth checking out.
So I was just thinking now, you know,
how you're looking for another game to play, you know,
and possibly one that's, you know,
we could play with other people.
Yes, I put that out on Twitter.
Now that I've beat Mass Effect 3, what do I play?
And, of course, Shane replied and said,
More Mass Effect.
I'm like, I want to give it a month
before I start my Renegade playthrough.
Well, I was just thinking it'd be interesting
if we both tried Minecraft on Xbox Live Arcade.
All right, look, I don't want the Minecraft hate mail.
I played Minecraft on PC and I just didn't get it.
But to be fair, to be fair, everybody,
put the pens down, don't write the hate mail.
The first time I played Mass Effect,
about three years ago, the first Mass Effect game,
I didn't get it either and I didn't like it.
So, okay, I'm with you, Loki.
Let's give Minecraft one more chance.
I will buy it tomorrow.
All right.
I am looking for Minecraft for Linux.
Well, I'm sure it exists.
Why the sudden urge to get into Minecraft, Loki?
I don't have a real urge to it,
but I think it'd be interesting.
It'd be funny if we both played a game,
like we set a time during the week or something
to play multiplayer and that just,
whether we hate it or like it, it'll be interesting.
That's right. Interesting it will.
There is Minecraft for Linux.
Of course there is.
There's everything for Linux.
I don't know.
Or Steam for Linux.
Or we could play a game that we already have,
like Saints Row the Third.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom says,
Sky, Minecraft on 360 is a better introduction.
That's what I hear.
It's set up a little better to like get you into the series.
I'll check it out. I will. Why not?
Sure.
All right.
Otherwise, I do have all these other games I could be playing,
like Fez I need to play more of,
because I actually really enjoyed the little time I spent with that.
Oh, whatever.
Let's move on.
Let's get into some gaming news tonight.
How's that sound?
Oh, first let me plug our Twitters.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R and of course our Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Add us.
Be our friend.
And we'll be your friend in return.
And you can interact with the show
and answer our foogle questions every week.
Otherwise, housekeeping,
there will still be a show next week.
But no Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura's going to the happiest place on Earth.
And not taking me.
You know, you were invited.
I was.
I was totally invited,
but I can't make it because I have a conflict.
That's right.
You're conflicted.
Yeah, I'm always am.
So, Loki and I will be here holding down the fort,
maybe a guest host.
Alan works on Sunday nights now, so he won't be here.
And for the record, Frisbee,
wine does not work on my netbook,
which I'm running Lennox Mint on.
So, end of story.
And also, I want to say,
Nicholson, since I know you're listening,
thank you for the pink berry.
Right, Jamie?
Yes, thank you.
It was considerate of you to think of us.
It was considerate.
He brought it for me.
You just sound so sincere.
But I'm here.
No, you are.
It was considerate.
All right.
Let's move on and get into the news.
Loki.
All right.
So, EA, you know,
they're planning on doing some layoffs.
And they have,
they have,
the plan is that they're going to finish these layoffs
on Sunday nights.
And, you know,
they're planning on doing some layoffs.
And they have,
they have,
the plan is that they're going to finish these layoffs
by September 30th.
Basically, what they're doing is the restructuring
of their employees.
Um, and they're-
Running people off?
Yes, they're restructuring them out of the company.
Okay, see right here,
this, this is our group of employees here.
We have,
this circle represents the people that are in the company.
The people that are outside of the circle.
You're fired.
So, um, that's kind of how it's going to work.
Um, they're basically, um,
I guess dropping from a one in eight engineers
to one in two engineers.
To one in two.
Um, so, cool.
And, um, I guess, uh,
they, uh, will-
By the way, this is all the fault of people that rent games
and buy them used.
This is all your fault,
and the blood is on your hands.
Clearly it's because you're not paying enough for those online passes.
That is clearly why these people are being let go
and not because they like making money.
Um, so yes,
apparently they're going to, um,
have a variety of expenses, um,
incurring up to 40 million in total costs, I guess,
the severance packages for these people.
And, um, no,
23 million of that is severance packages.
The other 17, I guess, is going away parties.
Uh, that'd be my guess.
Uh, yeah.
And then, of course, um, they're going to, um,
drop the number of employees by five to ten percent,
which is approximately 500 to 1,000 people.
How in the hell does that go from one in eight people being an engineer
to one in two people being an engineer when you're firing five percent?
Like, I'm not even a math major, and that doesn't compute to me.
Does that mean all these people are suddenly going to be changed into engineers?
They're just going to-
Loki! Bam! You're an engineer!
They're just going to make them respec, okay?
As an engineer, so that's what's going to happen, you know.
You were a white mage before, you're now a fucking engineer.
You're going to need to pay 120 Microsoft points.
Listen, you better learn how to fucking pilot that airship,
because if not, you're out of there as well.
We're going to drop it down to one in one engineers.
Um, so yes.
Only you could make a shitty thing like job loss hilarious, thank you, Loki.
Hey, not only do I speculate about, you know, game industry stuff,
I can also do comedy.
Fuck you, Michael Patcher.
You can't do comedy for shit. I saw your video.
My data says that there's more people that whine than complain.
Well my data says that you're a fucking tard.
Allegedly.
Allegedly.
So yes. So there's that.
And then of course, you know, beyond that,
they've made some money with Origin.
You know, I guess they have 11 million members on Origin.
Now, to be fair, if you play an EA game that has multiplayer,
you have to sign up on Origin.
Yeah, I'm on Origin because of Mass Effect, not willingly.
You may be skewing those numbers a little bit, so fine.
The person who hacked my Xbox signed me up for Origin.
You know, I found out, I got signed up for Origin.
And my Xbox hasn't been hacked, but I'm signed up for it.
Somehow, I don't remember doing it.
Dragon Age. You had to do it for Dragon Age.
Yep, see, aha! I'm smart.
So, and then of course, they've made $150 million in revenue
during the fiscal year from March 31st, 2011 to April 1st of this year.
And, you know, they're saying that EA's Nucleus cross-platform community network,
which, I gotta be honest, I've never heard of, has 220 million members.
I don't even know what the fuck that is or why they have so many members for it.
And they said, of course, they've allowed 11 million members to provide feedback
on Origin and their digital distribution service.
But, see, once again, it's just because you can't tout those numbers.
That's like, for example, the PlayStation, like Sony is saying,
oh look, the PlayStation Network has all these members.
Yes, because it's free to make an account.
I have four accounts. Am I four people? No, I am one person.
But I have four accounts because I like having accounts in every single region.
And also Nelly has an account. But technically it's on the PlayStation,
so therefore it's my account. But that doesn't count.
So, whatever, fine. Tout your numbers, but all it really comes down to is revenue.
$150 million isn't bad. I don't know what Steam makes during that same time period.
I'm assuming a lot more than $150 million.
$150 million can save lots of jobs. Never mind.
Oh, by the way, it wasn't Dragon Age. It was Sims 3.
Whatever.
Cray Sims 3 makes you sign up for Origin?
No, but I signed up for an EA registration account.
Oh.
So it linked my data from when I signed up for Dragon Age.
It actually linked my data from Sims 3.
Gotcha.
Well, it's also weird because I had a Call of Duty Elite account,
and yet I never remembered signing up for one.
But I did. I just don't remember why.
Alright, well speaking of Call of Duty Elite, if you're all done with the EA news over there,
I am.
Let's move over to Activision Blizzard and talk about what they reported.
After all, these are the two big software publishers in the world right now.
Activision Blizzard, or Active Blizzard, whatever I just called them,
the net revenue right now, $1.17 billion for the period ending on March 31, 2012.
That is a 23% drop over 2011.
Activision, let's see, Activision had 23% of net revenues, that's down 19%.
Blizzard accounted for 21% of net revenues, down 42%.
Probably because, I would imagine, because Blizzard had StarCraft II sales still pretty strong this time last year.
And also, wow, subscriptions were up.
Yeah.
Now, of course, Blizzard kind of has this semi-big game coming out.
Let me think, when is that game going to be out?
Tomorrow night, Diablo III, which should look pretty good for them.
Pandas!
Panda People, Land of the Panda People is coming out later this year as well.
And then, of course, they have a StarCraft II expansion on the horizon.
Do you suppose that maybe getting people to prepay for their full year of, you know,
now assuming that was prepaid for the blood pact, right?
No, it was not.
Okay.
It was merely, it was the equivalent of a cell phone contract.
You signed it up and agreed not to.
I thought maybe they were trying to boost their numbers.
You don't have to pay anything extra.
It's just, we'll give you a pretty pony and this game and a beta.
I will say I did this.
When I signed up for the blood pact, I switched my account to six months at a time,
because when you do six months at a time, you get like $2 off a month.
You pay like $77 for six months.
And so I just did that because I had a nice chunk of money six months ago,
and then I knew around now I would have to pony up the money again, which I did.
And it's okay.
So, let's see.
Activision's big stuff coming up.
Prototype 2, Amazing Spider-Man, Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
Yeah, they've got, well, they've got, well, Prototype 2 just came out.
Obviously, their big one, Call of Duty.
Later on, Skylanders Giants, which I hate to say is probably going to be a big title for them.
And they have a whole bunch of smaller things in between them, like Ice Age 2.
They have a terrible battleship game that's coming out also on Tuesday.
They also have a-
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Battleship was a game. Now it's a movie.
The game, based off the movie, based off the game.
Yes, they have a game that's coming out.
A first-person shooter that will probably be passed over by a lot of people coming out as well.
And then a couple weeks later, Men in Black, Alien Crisis, another terrible game based on a movie.
Well, not exactly based on a movie. It's based on a lot of secondary characters from the movies.
That's also coming out as well. So they're going to have that.
And Spider-Man will do well for them.
Alright, well, Call of Duty Elite, since Loki had brought that up a minute ago.
Apparently, 10 million users are signed up for Call of Duty Elite.
2 million are paid subscribers.
That's better than nothing, which is what they had a few years ago when the service didn't exist.
Apparently, that is up 3 million and a half million.
So it was 7 million and 1.5 million since February when they last reported on the numbers.
So, yeah, it's gone up. I guess people are liking their Call of Duty Elite.
They have a lot of content packs coming out, so it's becoming very apparent that paying the $60 a year is a good deal if you want all those maps and stuff.
See, I'm not super into Call of Duty, so that's really not for me, but I could see where that is lucrative.
Like, if they had something like that for Mass Effect, I'd be tempted. I hate to say that.
Yeah, see, like, right now we play offline at work, so, you know, that would require everybody having those maps in order for it to be beneficial for me to buy those maps.
So I just don't buy those maps right now.
Alright. Well, let's move on with some more news. DarkSakura.
Yes, other stuff that is, uh, well, more Blizzard-y things.
Blizzard and Valve settled their little trademark disagreement for the DOTA.
DOTA, whatever it is.
Um, so basically, Valve gets to use it, and Blizzard retains non-commercial use of the title for the community.
Um, as in keeping it as an acronym available for Warcraft III and StarCraft II.
Um, in fact, Blizzard is renaming the Blizzard DOTA project. It's called Blizzard All-Stars.
And this is the quote that came out from Rob Pardo, who's the Blizzard exec.
Um, both Blizzard and Valve recognized that at the end of the day, players just want to be able to play the games they're looking forward to,
so we're happy to come to an agreement that helps both of us stay focused on that.
And then Gabe Newell said,
We're pleased that we could come to an agreement with Blizzard without drawing things out in a way that would benefit no one.
We both want to focus on the things our fans care about creating and shipping great games for our communities.
Um, neither title has a release date, by the way.
But, soon.
But they've come to an agreement. They've shaken hands.
They said, you know what, this is silly.
Which is good. I mean, the community wins.
And it's not like the community is not going to know one of these games from the other.
I mean, DOTA-style games are really a rage right now.
You know, League of Legends is really huge.
It's a game we don't talk about enough on this show.
There's a pretty huge community behind it.
Um, you know, those style of games are very popular, so I think everybody's really waiting to see what Blizzard and Valve puts out there.
As well as, uh, there's another one.
One of the other Dota makers went to go make a third one.
I can't remember the name. I'm sure someone in chat will jump in.
But there's kind of a third one involved in all this, too, so.
And then, of course, there's League of Legends, too.
So, you know, they're all kind of very similar.
But, we'll all be unique in their own ways.
It'll be neat to see.
And, you know, honestly, I wish we could see this type of agreement.
This type of goodwill, I would say.
From more companies that are having little tiffs with each other.
I would rather them consider their whole...
The whole reason they have money in their pockets is because of these communities.
Because of the gamers.
And they try to, you know, delay things and screw each other over.
In the end, they're screwing us over, too.
And back to screwing themselves.
Because they're not getting their money as soon as they would probably like it.
WhatupG in the chatroom says,
Can Valve now get to making Half-Life 3?
I agree. I definitely agree with that notion.
I would like to see them back to making Half-Life 3 at this point.
More Half-Life.
Alright, moving on.
So, there's some other rumors or reports, I guess,
regarding some stuff that maybe Microsoft's gonna be showing off at E3.
And this involves Kinect Play Fit in a device called JUUL.
Basically, what JUUL is supposed to be is some sort of device that's gonna include
a heart rate monitor and other wireless monitoring stuff.
Like, for example, I would imagine a pedometer or something like that.
And what it's gonna do is track your, I guess, exercise across all different Kinect games.
And, um, so, almost like, I would say, like those, uh, oh, I don't know what you call them,
but the, uh, the Nike things that they have for, like, the iPhone or, you know, whatever,
where you can jog and they'll, you know, keep track of how far you've jogged.
You mean the pedometer?
Well, no, I understand it's a pedometer, but it's a little bit more than that.
It's like a heart rate monitor and stuff, and it actually hooks up to these different software devices.
Um, so that's what they're gonna be talking about.
And I think that's kind of a neat idea,
because then that way you're not limited to, oh, I have to play a fitness game
in order to track how much, you know, how many calories I'm burning or something like that.
Almost reminds me a little bit of, like, what they did with kind of, like, the Wii Fit Plus stuff,
where you can, you know, show your progress across a bunch of different things,
and you have your own dedicated channel for that.
Um, I can see them doing something similar, maybe built into the dashboard,
where you buy this device, maybe it comes with, like, an exercise program or something like that,
and you wear it for, you know, these different Kinect games, like Dance Central or something like that,
and not only are you having fun, but you're, you know, tracking weight loss and that kind of stuff.
Hurray! More weight loss and exercise games for the Kinect.
Honestly, you know, I think, I mean, they need more of, not only do they need the weight loss stuff,
but they need, like, dieting stuff as well, like, what should you eat, you know?
Like a full program, not just, yeah.
Not just because, you know, weight loss stuff is a good idea, but if you're only doing that,
you're not gonna lose anything, so you need, like, you know, they need to also say,
okay, here's what you should eat too, and hey, recipes, recipes are nice.
Tied in with, like, a Windows phone thing or something, I don't know.
Maybe a tie-in with Fedocracy?
Sure, why not. Who knows, anything's possible.
Anything is possible, including an internet browser finally on the 360, what, about six years late?
At this point, it's, like, almost not even worth it.
How long has the Wii and the, excuse me, the PlayStation 3 had a browser?
Well, sounds like the Xbox 360 could be getting one of their own if rumors are to be believed.
Internet Explorer 9, which is weird because I thought they were up to, like, 10, but whatever,
Internet Explorer 9, having Kinect functionality, is rumored to be coming to the Xbox in a future update.
You'll be able to search with voice input, just like, you know, the Bing search bar and all that stuff,
and you can browse the web using Kinect-based controls,
which I have no idea how that would be practical or whatever, except maybe, like,
I wanna go back a page. Whoosh!
I wanna go back to home. Whoosh!
Am I just scrolling through pages because you don't have a mouse?
Well, you could use a controller for that, but why would you, why would we make things make sense?
Why do that when you can go whoosh?
The whoosh should be required.
I don't want to whoosh. I do that in private.
So, a big meh to that, I, I, whatever.
I'll download it and try it once and go, huh.
I am saying, though, let me be first to, I'm sure I'm not the first,
but I'm gonna be the first in the show to venture into that area.
Um, I can see that there's gonna be some dirty uses for the Kinect-enabled browsing.
Obviously since it's hands-free, you know.
Find porn! Go!
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Enhance. Enhance. Enhance. Whoosh!
Next video!
The Kinect starts scrolling up and down very rapidly. Up and down, up and down, up and down, up and down, up and down.
We have detected masturbation.
We are charting your calorie loss as part of the, uh...
We heard you just say, Kinect video chat. Dark Sakura now calling.
That would only work if I had a camera.
Do you have a Kinect? Then you have a camera.
My Kinect, Rob, is still in its box.
Here's a question for everybody. I want honest answers.
Who likes to put, like, a game box or something in front of their Kinect just in case they're spying on you?
Cause sometimes I like to play Mass Effect 3 with no pants on.
You know what, it's my house, I'll do what I want. And I'll sit in that chair with no pants on.
Well, I totally do that with my Kinect that's wrapped around, you know, that's not attached to anything that's collecting dust because that's how often I use the Kinect.
But I'm afraid one of these days it'll be like, start party with friends, and all of a sudden it's like, ba-doop, you've started video Kinect. Ah!
This is gonna be one day when I'm in my pajamas passed out on the couch while Dan's playing something.
Cause you've seen how my living room is arranged where we have the couch right in front of the TV and then we have a chaise lounge off to the side and Dan sits in the chaise lounge to play games.
Or what if, like, it'll just be me sleeping.
Or what if there's like an awkward moment where you're throwing a party actually in your house and you do not have enough cups to go around and you have a couple girls that are looking for a drink cup and you're like, there's two girls and I only have one cup.
Oh, embarrassing. That's embarrassing. Damn it. Did not want to see that. Who wants dip?
Or what if you have a new pet?
Did anyone bring lemons to the party?
Ah, shit!
Or what if you just got a new pet and you say, look, I have a new goat, see?
You know, that's actually funny enough that you should say that actually is a legitimate concern for my sister whose goats are actually having babies.
So she would have something that she would, you want to see my new goats, you know?
New goat, see?
Which I still do want a pet goat to eat the grass in my backyard.
Tiger Claw in our chat says, Skye, what about the Kinect microphone? That thing would be on and they would hear you. You gotta turn that off.
You know what? I actually did turn that off in the dashboard. I'm always afraid it's going to like pop back on or something because, you know, like sometimes I'm playing strangers on Mass Effect 3 and I don't want like, you know, Alan to walk in the room, be all like, honey, the kitty just barfed or something like that.
And then everybody hears it on the video game.
Well, we used to have Shermie shit in the hall while we recorded the show, so it's not a big thing.
And just to let everyone know, Shermie is fine. She's old and smelly.
All right, let's move on, please. Another story.
I got texted.
You're supposed to be doing a show, young lady.
So? Was it my turn?
Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, yes. It's your turn. And then release dates coming up.
That was Becky telling me she was home. She should be listening to the show right now. Becky, listen to us.
So have you ever wanted a mecha, Rob?
A mecha?
Yeah, you're a mecha, like a Gundam or an Evangelion.
Can I kill people with it?
That's what they're for.
Will I get away with it?
I have to tell you, because only in Japan, actually not only in Japan, because when I would go to Anime Expo,
there are always these guys trying to get donations for building their giant mecha.
And we're like, no.
Kickstarter?
This was before Kickstarter's. This was like my first AX in 1998 or something.
But they're doing it in Japan. They're building a 12-foot-tall pilotable mecha.
And they're using Kinect for running it.
Basically, it's as far as they actually have a weapon, Rob. It's a water gun.
Not a big sniper rifle or chain gun. It's a water gun.
And they're calling it Vaudeville.
If I shoot that water gun right in your eye, it might hurt.
Yeah. They're calling it Vaudeville.
And it looks like it's four-legged, and there's some shots of it in production.
I mean, it looks really freaking not like a Gundam.
Can my cat drive it?
Kitty mech.
Meow, meow, meow.
Did you ever play BattleTech?
No.
Well, it looks like old BattleTech stuff.
All right.
But it's neat. But, you know, I want a mecha so that I can use it to go to work.
It brings up that age-old question. Why?
And the age-old response, Rob. Why not?
Why not? Because.
Reasons.
I'm bored.
Because of reasons.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
coming to a gaming store near you in your country,
which may or may not include gaming mechs.
There's lots of stuff coming out this week,
including a small PC title I'm sure no one's heard of, Diablo III.
That's coming out this week, both regular and collector's edition.
As I mentioned before, Battleship, the newest game from Activision,
that will be a blockbuster smash, I'm sure.
I mean, the source material is excellent.
So that's coming out this week on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS, and Nintendo DS.
Also this week, Akai Katana on Xbox 360, if you're a fan of cave shooters.
Also this week, Game of Thrones on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Max Payne 3 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
as well as the special editions for that.
And last but not least, one week from today, Mario Tennis Open on the 3DS,
as well as the Midnight Purple 3DS system.
I'm sorry. I thought you said Herple.
Herple to purple.
I really want that purple 3DS, actually.
In case you're interested, apparently next week is when GameStop
is going to start selling the Avenger controller.
You know, if you want to throw money out the window, by the way.
What's the Avenger controller?
The spider controller that I showed that sucked, remember?
Oh.
That thing that was...
Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out some of the releases over there.
First off on the Nintendo 3DS on May 17th.
This is a mouthful. Are you ready for it?
Pachi Para 3D Omi Monogatari 2 Pachi Pro Funruko Hana Kibo 2 Urugiri no Gauken Sekkatsu.
What?
It's basically a gambling...
Beach Babes Pachinko.
Beach Babes Pachinko. You got it. That's exactly what it is.
Sweet.
And it's on the 3DS, so you know what that means.
3DS 3DS!
Woohoo!
Because that's the game we've all really wanted on the 3DS.
They've already had one of those. They're gonna make another one, too.
Well, this one was a sequel.
Oh. Well, there you go.
That's the announcement I'd like to see from Nintendo at E3 this year.
Boobs 3D!
Coming soon.
Otherwise, honestly, on any other console, I think the release dates are all the way out to the 24th.
Oh, wait, no. There are a couple things on the Sony PSP.
Brothers Conflict Passion Pink.
Regular Edition.
Uh...
What the hell is this game?
That is literally the name.
Brothers Conflict Passion Pink.
Oh my god.
This guy is carrying around this little pink bunny and he's sucking on a gigantic Pez candy or something.
I think it's like a Yowie game.
I think this is a Yowie game.
I want it.
Of course you would.
I like watching dudes make out.
I like watching ladies make out.
I like watching people make out. What am I talking about?
I'm gonna just post that in the chatroom and see who's gonna be pre-ordering that.
At least there's a variety.
See, on Nintendo handhelds this week, you can have Beach Bay Bikinis.
On the Sony PSP this week, Brothers Conflict Passion Pink.
Bunnies and sucking.
Danzai no Maria La Campanella comes out this week as well.
I don't know what this game is either, but it's a little more gothy and dark.
Dramatic Pose!
Yes, Dramatic Pose is the game.
This is worth mentioning.
Persona 2 Eternal Punishment.
I think there might be a few people interested in that one.
Finally, a really big title this week.
Persona 2 on the PSP.
Eternal Punishment.
That's it for Japanese releases.
Well, how about stuff for the UK?
On the 15th we have Pixel Junk 4 AM.
On the 16th is Ratchet and Clank HD Collection for PS3.
And on the 18th, a few things.
We have Dragon's Lair for the Xbox 360.
Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City for PC.
And Bruce Willis the Game.
I'm sorry, Max Payne 3.
I don't think the man looks good.
He looks like a different character.
Bald. Sorry.
He looks like he's trying to do that Bruce Willis thing.
I'm done.
Alright, just a few more stories before the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So Assassin's Creed is being sued by a novelist.
John Bisswanger is suing them.
Because he says that Assassin's Creed stole themes and other things from his book Link.
Apparently they stole the themes of assassination and spiritual and biblical tones.
And also the battle between good and evil.
That sounds awfully generic if you ask me.
He's seeking five and a quarter million dollars in damages.
And basically saying that it could delay the release of Assassin's Creed 3.
And of course, you know, the response for it is that we understand that many gamers are upset by the litigation.
And the potential for a delay in the release of the next Assassin's Creed video game.
And as a result of that anger that had been posting negative comments on Amazon and other forums about our client and his novel Link.
However, copyright laws exist to protect the authors and creators.
And for people to exploit them.
From others who copy or create works that are under the law substantially similar.
I'm sorry. I just...
I'm not buying.
I think there's also something that was very similar to the animus that was in Assassin's Creed.
I think that's mainly the main tie in there.
But it's kind of stretching if you ask me.
I'm sure there's a lot of books that are pretty similar.
I know. I was going to say, I'm sure there's a lot of books in the world.
There's a lot of books in the world.
I'm sure if you go back even further you might be able to find traces of it somewhere else, right?
Yeah.
Surely?
I don't know.
Alright.
Moving on.
Let's talk about Zynga.
But no, no, no.
This is a story that might make you lull a little bit here.
Zynga apparently has also filed their own lawsuit.
It's against French publisher Cojobo.
Which sounds very French to me.
They have a game on Facebook called Pyramidville.
Zynga ain't having that because what's wrong with the name Pyramidville?
Oh, Zynga owns Ville apparently.
Except they don't.
They just think they do.
Zynga says that Facebook users are likely to believe erroneously that Pyramidville is a member of Zynga's Ville family of games.
That's according to the complaint.
Given Cojobo's refusal to change their game name, legal action was necessary to defend our famous marks and prevent player confusion.
Well, I am kind of confused that they have a game that's called, what is it, Dream Tower or something like that.
And it looks very similar to, you know.
But apparently, yeah, apparently they own Ville, but the same logic will not apply to Nimblebit who owns Tiny Tower.
Although I think their game is called Dream Heights, to be fair.
Dream Heights.
Still. Still.
Oh, my mistake.
Oh, okay.
Still.
Yeah, they're gonna copyright Heights now.
They just need to get back some of that money they blew on OMG Pop.
I'm sorry, but unfortunately they don't own the name Ville.
I mean, no one's gonna ever side with them in the fact that they own that as a copyright Ville.
It's not gonna happen.
And also, Ville happens to be French.
You know, French for town, so.
Well, they're gonna sue them because, you know, it's called Pyramid Town.
Pyramid Ville.
And you know what, honestly-
Mental note, guys, for the new VoG site.
Bobby, Bobby, if you're listening, we need to cancel VoG Ville.
That can't happen. No VoG Ville.
Sorry about that.
We'll just have to scratch that out.
It's gone.
Frisbee in our chatroom at VoGnetwork.com asks, so does that mean Zynga owns the song Margaritaville?
Oh, that's a good question you should ask them that.
Well, they do have a Facebook game that is Margaritaville as well.
Fifth Dream said they wanted to make a Smallville game and Zynga sued.
Let's see.
One Night Stand said I played Potville on Facebook.
Do they own that?
You know, I honestly, I hope that they lose because it's just like Monster.
Remember Monster Cables or Monster-
I don't know which one it was.
Monster Cables and Monster Energy.
They both kind of suck.
But they sue everybody that uses the name Monster.
And so, oh, people are gonna get confused.
Facebook games-
I'm gonna be the generic guy here and say, you know, they all kind of look alike anyways.
I mean, I understand that maybe this company may or may not have named their, you know, Pyramid Ville or whatever to get people confused to play their game.
Um, I don't know.
From what I hear though, they're suing them for more than they actually made on that game.
Like three times as much as they've made on that game.
And all they're doing is they're just, you know, positioning themselves-
It was Monster Cable by the way.
Yeah, well Monster Energy does it too.
Like they sued Monster Mini Golf.
It's like, okay, whatever.
Um, I don't know.
I just think it's stupid to do that.
And fuck, it's Karma, bitch.
You know?
I mean, you rip all these other people off and now you're getting yourselves ripped off.
Too bad.
Alright, let's go to a time when there was no Ville games and nobody owned that name.
It was a simpler time for video games.
Dark Soccer's gonna open up the gaming vault and find a video game she deems worthy of being the classic game of the week.
Yeah, yeah.
Dark Soccer, what's the classic game of the week?
Streets of Rage.
I can't believe this was never the classic game of the week before.
I'm always amazed at what you pull up.
Like, I'm like, no, she had to have done this.
She had to. No.
Wiki says it's not true.
Another suggestion from my lovely husband.
Well, it's a good suggestion.
Here's a little bit of the music from Streets of Rage.
The Japanese name is Bare Knuckle Ikari No Tekken.
So, two other games have based their names off of this.
But I fucking love this music.
I wanna fucking dance.
Right now?
No.
So, which I actually have a Genesis cartridge of Bare Knuckle.
But when you play it on the American Nomad, it comes through a Streets of Rage.
Did you hear that?
That's weird.
It must read the region on the device or something.
It must.
Anyway, this was the first game, of course, in the Streets of Rage series.
There were two and three after that.
It's had multiple versions. We've had Game Gear, Mega CD, Master System.
It came out for the Virtual Console in North America and Europe.
And there's an IOS version.
There's a comic strip series that appeared in Sonic the Comic that were based off of Streets of Rage 2.
And another thing about this game is that you know who did the soundtrack, Rob?
Yuzo Koshiro Squee!
Yeah!
That's why it's fun.
By the way, if you were listening to last week's show, you know it's a big inspiration for Mega Ran as well.
Indeed.
So basically, it is a side-scrolling beat-em-up, punch-em-in-the-face.
It came out around the same time as Double Dragon and Final Fight, but it was its own thing.
And you have one special attack per life per level.
And your power-ups are shaped like police cars.
And you cannot use your special attack in level 8 at all.
It doesn't name any of the enemies.
Only in the Japanese version of the manual do the enemies have names.
Because apparently they care more than we do.
You can also play one-player or two-player co-op.
And you have multiple endings.
Of course, your enemy is Mr. X.
So you can actually end the game as a bad guy if you play in two-player mode.
So the way that it works is that you get the good ending just for finishing the game.
The bad ending, like I said, is only in two-player mode.
The boss will ask you to join him.
And one says yes and the other says no.
And so the player who said yes must prove their loyalty by killing the other player.
And if the yes player wins and then turns down the boss's offer, then he has to fight the boss alone.
And if he succeeds on the bad ending, he will be sitting in the boss's chair that says,
You became the boss, you are great.
I need a caption of me in a chair that says that.
You became the boss, you are great.
And then when the credits roll the character laughs and the word bad end appears.
If both of them say yes, the boss will test the player's loyalty by sending them back to an earlier stage.
And then they have to replay the game from that level.
So it had a little bit of interactivity to it.
So the characters in the game is Adam Hunter, who is an ex-cop and accomplished boxer.
He's slower but tougher.
And then Axel, who is an ex-cop and skilled martial artist.
And he's the middle one, who is, you know, basically all around middle speed, middle other attributes,
but he has a weak jumping ability.
And then there's Blaze Fielding, an ex-cop and judo expert.
A little weaker but she is more agile and can jump the highest.
And her kicks have the longest range.
She has throws and body slams. She's always who I use by the way.
You have the backup enforcer who is not a playable character, but he only comes out during a special attack.
He's the one good cop.
So as far as different versions, there was 8-bit versions for the Sega Game Gear and the Master System.
The Game Gear version was crap for the record and it didn't have Adam in it.
The Master System version was not actually a port from the Game Gear. It was pretty decent.
It has a boss on round 6 that is not in any other version and has no two-player support.
The Sega actually brought it out in the arcade for the Mega Touch and Mega Play arcade boards.
And in the Mega Tech version, you play for time, not for credits.
There's different collections that came out. There's Mega Games 2 that had Golden Axe and Revenge of Shinobi that came with the Mega Drive.
And again, that was the name in Japan and the UK for the Genesis.
There was Sega Classics Arcade which was the Mega CD version that had Super Monaco GP and Columns on it.
And also there was a cartridge version of this too.
And the voice effects in the game were redone.
Then there was the Sega Genesis 6 pack that had Streets of Rage on it, the Hedgehog, Columns, Revenge of Shinobi, Golden Axe, and Super Hang-On.
And the Mega 6 that had Streets of Rage, World Cup Italia 90, Columns, Super Monaco GP, Revenge of Shinobi, and Song of the Hedgehog.
There was a version of the Sega Gems collection for the GameCube and PS2.
They actually took it out of the North American version so that they wouldn't give it a T rating.
You can get it on Game Chat by the way.
And then they're all in the Sonic Ultimate Genesis collection for Xbox 360 and PS3 on the Wii Virtual Console.
And there was the Streets of Rage by Blaze Europe that was handheld.
And there's the iOS version. Now this is the thing that has come up on the show before was the fact that there was the Streets of Rage remix.
That I believe, and I have it, I haven't played through it, but it was like all three of the games combined.
Just in, I guess, continuous levels.
Of course they were asked to take it down so it was stopped, but hey, clearly there are still fans in the series.
And you can get the soundtracks, which of course we said was done by Yuzo Koshiro.
And the second one and the third one had work done on it by Multihiro Kawashino.
So there you go.
Bare Knuckle, Yukari no Tekken.
Your classic game of the week.
Bare Knuckle, or as many of you know it, Streets of Rage.
The first one.
Yes.
Available on the Genesis or Mega Drive and tons and tons of systems after that in various revivals.
Indeed.
Alright, we're going to take a break here, but don't go anywhere guys.
We've got more of Orange Lawn's radio coming up in a little bit, including the FUGL question of the week.
And guess what we're bringing back tonight, we haven't played this in a little while.
Listless tonight! Woo hoo! And I'll tell you guys the topic in just a little while.
So stay tuned for part B and more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to the show wherever gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio Live on this Sunday, May the 13th of 2012.
Mother's Day once again.
To those of you that joined us a little late live tonight.
A happy Mother's Day to all the gaming mommies who are listening or the geeky mommies.
Or mother figures in people's lives or pets lives.
And everybody that somebody or something could call a mother happy day to all of you out there.
We are of course live as we are every Sunday night on VOG Network.
www.vognetwork.com
Still kind of a skeleton site there, but lots of exciting stuff to come in the next couple weeks.
Been starting to see some behind the scenes things of what's being planned and it's going to be a good time.
So looking forward to phase 2 which will be around the beginning of June.
You're not the one having to play in Photoshop Rob.
You know what?
I am heading up the future of the radio, I mean although VOG is going to be more than a radio station.
Which I think sometimes people forget because that's all it is kind of right now is the radio station and chat room.
I am going to be heading up the radio station part of it.
So I am trying to put some of the final touches on the 24-7 music feed.
I am giving you a hard time.
I know, but I am just saying that is going live soon and the other shows.
I spent minutes going through music.
If you want to recommend a show for the network get in touch with me.
You can find me idling throughout the week in the VOG chat room or rob at www.orangelandradio.com
is a great place to email me at.
I will have my VOG network address set up soon.
But that's a good place.
We are actually not really looking for a lot of more gamer shows.
Because we have a few now.
Can we set up a VOG network email account that doesn't get as much spam as we do now?
Actually yes.
I have to talk to you offline about how that's going to work.
But yes, yes you can.
So yeah, if you have a show that's of good audio quality is very important.
I especially am looking for live shows.
It's a huge, huge draw.
It can be anything about geek.
Anything geek.
Music geek.
Comic geek.
TV geek.
Movie geek.
Book geek.
Oh my god a book club show would be awesome.
Anything that you think qualifies as geek get in touch with me.
I'm looking for most of all audio quality and consistency is hugely important too.
If you can't be bothered to do the show regularly then we can't make it work.
But if you're willing to commit, we'll do what we can to help you grow an audience.
So there you go. Rob at Orensalterator.com.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Get into some gaming news.
We need a board game podcast.
A board, especially, oh my god there's some crazy board games out there with like eleveny billion pieces.
And I know people that I get invited to these board game parties that some friends of mine have probably about every other month or so.
And I didn't get to go to the last one because I had a conflict.
But I went to the first one that I was invited to a couple weeks or a couple months ago and I had a blast.
And they have like shelves and shelves in their house just full of board games.
And played some new stuff I never heard of in my life.
Yeah a board game podcast would rock.
Wait a second Bobby, no bronies or wrestling?
I don't know if wrestling is geeky.
Bronies, let's hear your ideas.
I wouldn't necessarily say no to that but it's got to be real good.
Real good.
Alright, let's move on to cover some video game news.
Lowkey, rapid fire news.
So Bioshock Infinite's been delayed to 2013.
They basically made the excuse that it's to put some more polish on the game and apparently that they're working on multiplayer.
Because you know every game needs multiplayer.
It will not be coming out in October as originally planned.
It is now scheduled for February 26th, 2013.
So that's when you can look forward to that.
Certain analysts would let you think that Grand Theft Auto will be coming out that day.
Or October instead.
Which, don't get me wrong, I would love that.
I would love that, love that, love that.
I'd also love it if it comes out in 2013.
But yes, the sooner the better. That's my theory.
I'm just saying though, Bioshock, the delay sucks.
But at the same time, if they need the time to make the game better, then take it.
We have to remember, as much as this news might disappoint, don't rush a game that needs to be good.
Like this.
Bioshock Infinite needs to be good.
So take your time.
Modern Warfare 3 is getting some new content.
They're getting a brand new mode, which is called Face Off. It's meant for one-on-one or two-versus-two kind of deathmatch, team deathmatch type stuff.
They're actually putting out four maps, two of which are going to be free.
And those new maps are Ground and Erosion.
The Ground is a map with a run-of-ground ship.
And Erosion, I don't remember the hell that one was.
But it looked cool.
So that's going to be coming out.
Also, of course, two more maps that you can buy, which will be also part of the content collection.
So if you happen to be a paid subscriber of Call of Duty Elite, you'll be getting those for free.
And, well, you're paid for with your subscription.
But no additional cost, I guess.
And those will be coming out on May 15th for Elite subscribers.
And I guess everybody else on Xbox on May 21st.
And then Content Collection 2 is also going to include new multiplayer maps, Sanctuary, Foundation, and Oasis.
And two new Spec-Op missions, including Ironclad and Killswitch.
Ironclad being one where you get to drive a tank.
And Killswitch is a sniper and infiltration mission.
So, yeah. Looks kind of neat.
And then, last but not least, we have LEGO Batman 2 coming out pretty soon.
And LEGO Harry Potter is obviously done with.
So, what the hell is going to be the next LEGO game?
Well, the next series is supposed to be coming out, which happened to be leaked out on the LEGO toys themselves.
LEGO Lord of the Rings will be the next series from Traveler's Tales.
And will, of course, be published by Warner Brothers, since they have the Lord of the Rings license.
So, look for that sometime this summer.
And that's kind of neat, I guess.
I don't know how that would play, but I know it's going to be popular, especially with the new movie coming out.
Well, yeah. And those LEGO games are kind of always big sleeper hits.
Like, they might not seem huge to the core gamer.
They don't seem like such a big deal, but they're hugely family-friendly games.
And lots of the family owners get those games.
So, those LEGO games are always a pretty big deal.
Except for Rock Band, maybe didn't do as well.
It was a neat idea, you know? To be honest, it was a neat idea.
And it was a game that I got a copy of, just to download those songs for Rock Band.
Yeah, me too, because I found it for like $9.99. I was like, alright, I'll just get those songs.
And the songs were pretty fucking awesome. So, I don't know, it wasn't so bad.
DJ Morpheus in our chat room says, watch out for LEGO Twilight.
Well, here's the problem.
It's interesting. The premise is you just sit around and wait.
Yeah, I was going to say, here's the problem. There's no content to base a game around of.
I mean, unless ripping off your shirt.
Honestly, what would be funny for Twilight or something like that is like a microgame thing.
You know, like WarioWare. Rip off shirt. Brute. Stare at the wall for months.
You know, you're like spinning the clock to make the time go faster.
Sparkle.
Sparkle. You know, that would be pretty funny. I could see that.
Doo doo doo doo.
Block Bella from getting eaten by vampires because she poked herself with a knife and is now spewing blood.
Alright, you're getting a little too carried away there.
My wife is starting to read Fifty Shades of Grey and she says it's the worst thing ever. The worst thing.
Alright, moving on. Wolfenstein 3D. Remember that game?
Hell yeah.
Well, if you do remember that game, congrats. You're old because Wolfenstein 3D celebrated its 20th anniversary this week.
It's only been 20 years.
Yeah, I remember downloading that demo from a local BBS back in the day.
I remember buying that shareware demo. Well, it wasn't a demo. It was the full first campaign, so it was pretty awesome.
Yeah.
On a floppy disk at a flea market.
Shareware demos used to be the shit. Yeah, it was all of episode one and then if you wanted episodes two through six, that's what you bought.
It'd be like getting the full game and then you'd have to buy the DLC later on.
Yeah, yeah.
Not bad.
It's awesome. So, anyhow, Wolfenstein 3D. How did they celebrate their 20th anniversary?
Well, Wolfenstein 3D is now playable in web browsers completely free.
Wolfenstein.bethsoft.com because Bethesda has the IP now.
You can also pick it up on the iPhone devices for free. I believe that was only on the actual anniversary, though, which was on the 9th.
I don't think it's free anymore. I will say this. I picked it up and I played it.
And, you know, it's a 20-year-old game, but they up-rezzed some things and they added a map to it, which was pretty cool.
They did at least make some tweaks to the IOS version. The only thing is it controls, like, shit, like all iPhone games do.
I mean, what a shocker.
I'm not positive, but that may have been the first game I modded.
I remember an old-ass map editor that you could download, that you could make your own maps, and you could, like, spell fuck out of the walls.
We used to make crazy maps. We used to make gore mods where we would take, like, a shareware paint editor and just,
add more blood, add more blood, add more blood. That was it.
Or just have the giant room and put, like, 50 enemies in the giant, just, it's all it is, just one giant room.
We used to make mazes out of the moving blocks. Like, just put a ton of moving blocks everywhere.
It was awesome.
Nice.
Kingdom Hearts. A lot of people are excited about the Kingdom Hearts 3D version, or Dream Drop Distance.
Get excited about this. There's going to be a demo coming out.
That's pretty cool.
The 3D, for the 3DS. That's pretty awesome that Nintendo's embracing those demos a little more.
It is going to be the Traverse Town demo that's already out in Japan. It's going to be here in North America as well.
No clue when, but hopefully soon.
They also, they announced some AR cards for that as well, pre-order bonus thing.
That's right, huh? Is that the Nintendo AR cards where you can get the little pictures of?
Yeah, it's something that ties in with the game.
What they haven't announced yet is there's going to be a collector's edition.
Is there?
There's going to be a collector's edition.
What's the collector's edition going to have, Dino?
I have no fucking clue.
Alright.
There's going to be one.
Of course there's going to be a collector's edition.
They're going to announce it this week.
Stickers.
Stickers or something, I'm sure.
I know it's more than stickers.
Stickers' theater rhythm got stylus and stickers, but no.
Okay, so I wasn't too far off base suggesting stickers.
Yeah.
Maybe a soundtrack. How about a soundtrack?
It could be, yeah. I don't know.
What's the theme song for Dream Drop Distance?
I have no clue.
I don't know.
Alright.
They've always just been kind of using the same one from like, was it one?
They're kind of like doing the score version of one.
Alright, and moving on into what could soon be the trial of the century with one of gaming's most important people, Beyonce Knowles.
Ugh.
After all, she was the spokeswoman for the DS, not the 3DS, but the DS.
Remember when her and Carrie Underwood were doing those ultra-cute, hey girls play games too, hee hee, commercials.
How'd that work out?
Well, the DS sold 11 billion units, so I'd say pretty well.
Well, Beyonce told me to buy it, so I have to buy it.
That's right.
I wasn't, I'm not going to play anything Beyonce's not playing.
All the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies, give me money.
Anyhow, Gate 5, you might remember this company is suing Beyonce.
Why are they suing Beyonce?
Because, remember, Beyonce was supposed to have like, there was supposed to be like this uber Beyonce music game that was going to come out.
And Beyonce said, nope, not going to work.
Gate 5 apparently said to Beyonce, you continue to negotiate right up until the time you pull the plug.
And the judge said, that's not going to work with me, according to what Beyonce's lawyer said.
So Star Power Beyonce was the game.
Its cancellation resulted in the firings of 70 employees.
And Gate 5 is suing for 100 million in damages, 6.7 in investment capital, and 100 million in hypothetical profits.
Hypothetical.
Hypothetical. Hypothetical.
So they're suggesting that they were going to sell, that's actually not that much, that's almost like 200,000 copies.
I mean, that's not too bad.
Essentially what this decision has done is said, Gate 5 has enough information to proceed to an actual court.
And it is going to go to court.
Unless, of course, there's a settlement, which usually when things get this far along will inevitably happen.
And I'm sure all parties are being strongly encouraged to settle.
But as of right now...
Can you imagine what would have happened to that nameless puzzle game that Paris Hilton was, you know, putting out?
If Paris Hilton had backed out.
Like, it may have sold more copies.
Alright, moving on, Dark Sagra.
Okay, other stuff.
Well, for people who are like me, Hatsune Miku fans, there is a crystal white Vita coming out that's coming with the Hatsune Miku limited edition.
It's a crystal white Vita with an exclusive rear touch design that has Miku on it.
And it will be shipped on August 30th with the next Project Diva game.
So, that's pretty neat.
And then, there's new download content for Dance Central.
Sorry, Dance Central 2.
That will be the Spice Girls spice up your life.
Fuck yeah!
And then, Hello Good Morning by Diddy Dirty Money.
And Scenario by A Tribe Called Quest and Florida's Low.
Who cares?
And then, moving on, Marvel's Avengers Battle for Earth will be on Kinect and Wii U, Ubisoft.
So, it's well interesting. It's actually being done by Ubisoft Quebec.
And you use the motion controls to fight off the scroll.
Yay.
That's it.
You know, the whole game idea sounded cool until they mentioned Kinect.
And it's just like, eh, it's not going to be very good.
I think they're probably going to base it off their Kinect Heroes game or something that they had. Remember that?
Where it's like, you're superheroes and you get to fight each other and it's fun with Kinect.
And then, it didn't sell.
It doesn't say.
Hey, Jamie.
You're having a good time.
I didn't know she'd feel fine.
You know they're going to make you do that too.
Exactly.
Hey, let's go to Foogle.
We combine Facebook and Google Plus and we get Foogle.
And that's where we ask you a question every week of our listeners.
And we read your answers live on air.
Alright, so we're going to get to a story here about this $99 Xbox here shortly.
So our question is, how would you feel if the Xbox Next 720 lube, whatever we're calling it, cost $499,
but had a subsidized $299 option for a several year Xbox Gold commitment?
This is something we hypothesized last week when the story first got brought up.
Assuming the specs are all top of the line, is the subsidized console something you would consider buying?
Why or why not?
So would you buy a subsidized next gen console, assuming it's all the top of the line features you want,
say they knock $200 off the price, you know, for a two or three year commitment for Xbox Gold.
Would you do it?
It would not be that different from what they do for the iPhones, right?
No, I would not.
No you would not, you say?
No, I said no I would not and no I would not.
No you would not. Why wouldn't you?
I wouldn't because I've learned well enough from buying in at launches of all these different consoles and stuff
A lot of launch titles aren't that great, and you're gonna deal with all the launch bugs and all that fun stuff,
so if I'm interested in buying a console like that, I'm just gonna save up the money that's required to buy outright to begin with.
Because who knows, if it takes you a long time to save up money, like say for example, you know, $499,
are you really gonna tell me that within two years time that console isn't gonna drop in price?
It's gonna fucking drop in price, and you're still paying fucking money for it.
Alright, well let's get to some answers from Google Plus first, we have AJ on Google Plus says,
I wouldn't mind, sounds like a good deal.
It's like buying a cell phone for the discounted price in a two year agreement.
Would you really want to buy an Xbox and not want to use it online?
Going to some of the Facebook answers,
Tiara W, we love Tiara from Geek Life, geek-life.com says,
It would need to be more than just the basic model to make it worth the money.
The $99 360 sounded like a good deal, even with the extra $5 a month for the gold subscription,
until I heard it was for the 4GB console.
I can't even put most of my saved games on that little space, let alone save any games to my hard drive.
Doug T says, I won't be considering buying the next Xbox console system until it is out for at least a year.
I lost faith with Microsoft due to the Xbox 360 having so many red rings,
and Microsoft's slow response time to correct the issue and help people out who experienced it.
Very interesting perspective from Doug, somewhat similar to what you said, a little bit.
Well, it's just, you know, if I'm going to be that strapped for cash,
which I always find a way to buy those consoles at launch because I get excited about it,
but let's just say, you know, I'm strapped for cash and I just can't buy it at launch,
I don't think it's going to be that horrible.
I mean, I've got a console that I'm playing tons of games on.
It's just, you know, not even necessary.
I mean, they're not going to repeat themselves with the whole red ring of death thing.
I mean, they're not that dumb.
And technology's gotten a lot better now.
I mean, the chips are on, you know, we've got like 20nm chips now that run way cooler,
way more power efficient and stuff like that.
So overheating isn't as big of a problem anymore,
and I think that they know that they don't want to do that again
because they're just going to lose all sorts of trust in their consumers if they fuck it up again.
So, I mean, I don't think that's really an issue, but if it's going to be that expensive, though,
I just have to see what my options are.
And if there's really something at launch that I have to, have to, have to have,
which I don't really know if there's going to be anything at launch that I really, really need.
I'll just have to wait and see what they have and also what it's going to cost
and if it's something that I can wait, I can wait and purchase it later on,
when it goes on sale or when, you know, within a couple years time,
you're not going to tell me that you're going to be able to find a used cop,
a used system or something like that.
There's ways to get it cheaper and having to, you know,
since you're going to be stuck in a contract for multiple years,
why would you do that when there's an opportunity to either save up money
or you just wait for the drop in price.
Alright, well, let's check out some different answers.
Peter Uno in our chat room says to, not chat, but Facebook says,
to be perfectly honest, fuck yes.
If you get a lot of use out of Xbox Live,
then it's definitely worth taking the discount on the console.
You do end up paying less overall.
It only works if you get a lot of use out of your console and subscription though.
And yeah, the console in question had better be semi-decent too.
But you're not saving money though.
You're spending $40 more than you would have paid separately.
Well, you know, it would, you know, we, it's,
we're making up a hypothetical situation so we don't really know.
And to be honest, Dart Charger replied and said,
having the option, this is a very sensible answer by the way,
having the option for a subsidized version doesn't bother me,
though I would almost always opt for the one-time fee.
The actual value will all depend on the games and features of the unit
along with hopefully better reliability on launch.
That's a very sensible answer.
I pretty much agree with that.
One more answer from Chiggers we'll read here.
I say it depends on how much the monthly gold subscription is.
If that amount times however many months the commitment is,
rather than what it would be if I bought the damn thing straight up,
then I say, fuck you.
If I don't save any money by doing it that way, then why bother?
There you go.
If I didn't read your answer, sorry about that.
We had a lot of answers.
But send those via email if you feel strongly.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And I mean, and if they, if the problem is,
they got to know what the other company is doing
because if they come out and say, okay, our system is $499.
You can get it for $299 and blah, blah, blah.
And Sony's like, well, our system just costs $299, so.
I have to admit going into that question,
I kind of assumed I would be in the camp of, yes,
I would just go ahead and do it because I'm going to get the system anyway
and I have Xbox anyway.
But I kind of think Doug's answer was right on the money because, you know,
I did rush out and buy an Xbox 360.
I was tracking what Best Buy in the area actually had it.
I remember when they were so hard to get when they first came out.
Oh, yeah.
And then I finally was able to get one,
but it was the one without the hard drive,
so I had to buy the hard drive separately and ended up paying like $40 more.
And then the fucking thing died on me after a week.
I was so mad.
Mine didn't die after a week, but yeah, I remember doing that.
So irritating.
Got mine on Craigslist.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's get back into some more gaming news.
Thank you to everybody who answered the Google question,
whether I read it or not.
All right.
Well, let's talk a little bit about, you know, this $99 Xbox.
Of course, it was rumored last week and it ended up being true.
So Microsoft stores are offering it for $99.
Of course, there's a two-year contract
and you're going to pay $14.99 a month for those two years,
so it ends up being about $460,
which is roughly $40 more than you would have paid separately.
But if that's what you want to do, then you could do that.
However, it is only through the Microsoft stores.
You know, remember, Microsoft has actual physical retail stores,
21 of them in the United States,
and those are the only ones that are offering said deal.
And now, the thing is, this is supposed to be part of a pilot program,
so the whole conspiracy theory that, you know,
this may be happening for the next system is not that unwarranted.
They're also saying that, right now, I guess,
oh, 16 of the Microsoft stores are offering this.
I thought it was 21. Maybe some of those are out of country.
I bet you're right. I bet some of them are out of country.
It must be. I just looked that up real quick.
I seriously think the closest one to us is in, like, Phoenix,
or maybe there's one in L.A.
There is one in L.A.
Yeah, but none in Northern California.
Bay Area, there's one.
Is there really one in the Bay Area?
Yeah.
Cupertino, I think, has one.
How ironic.
In their mall.
I've been to that mall.
Yeah, I think there's one down there, but that's a close one.
It was probably about 12 years ago, but I've been to that mall.
So, I mean, this, yeah, it could very well happen with the next console.
I think that's what they're testing out.
They're seeing a response from this.
If that's the case, then they may move forward with, you know,
GameStop doing something like this, or, you know, the retailer.
I don't know.
Why not Best Buy or something?
They could.
Because they sell the mobile phones.
I think, if anything, Best Buy would be a good choice,
because, yeah, they do the whole mobile phone stuff.
Even, like, Walmart or something like that, they do mobile phones
and that kind of, you know, service.
Hell, I mean, I don't know.
You could get some sort of partner deal with, like, AT&T or something.
Who knows?
All right.
Well, a lot of stuff going on in the handheld world in regards to price drops.
The price of the DS has dropped.
Nope, I'm not talking about the 3DS.
I'm talking about the DSi.
For some weird reason, for the longest time, the DSi and the DSi XL
had still retained their old prices.
It cost just as much for a DSi XL as it did for a 3DS.
I know because Alan wanted one for his birth, or, no, for Christmas,
and I bought him one.
I was like, you want a DSi XL and not a 3DS?
But, I mean, the screens on those things really are gorgeous,
so I wish they would make a 3DS XL.
I shouldn't say that.
Your wish has been granted.
Shit.
Here at E3, we will announce more shit like,
hey, you know, we really should have put second analog stick on there.
Oops.
But, hey, you can buy this new system in fancy colors that you want.
Get it for only $99 when you agree to buy 1,000 Nintendo points a month.
All right.
DSi is dropping to $100, and the DSi XL is dropping to $130.
Those prices are effective May 20th, so I wouldn't go buy one now.
But, you know, that's not a bad deal for a DSi, 100 bucks.
They are still pretty good systems.
But, I don't know, I kind of think if you're going to invest,
you might as well kick it up to the 3DS,
but maybe you really want something to play your advanced games on.
But the DSi XL is still a pretty good deal.
That's a $50 price drop, by the way.
It was $170, now it's going to be one.
Oh, I take that back, $40, because it's going to be $129.99,
which is basically $130.
So, there you go.
Apparently, I think there will also be.
Oh, this is all happening the same day as the launch of the purple 3DS.
So, lots of Nintendo handheld stuff all happening in one day.
The Aqua Blue 3DS, on the other hand, it is being discontinued in Japan.
Now, don't feel too bad for it,
because there's already all these other colors in Japan, including black,
and I think there's another shade of blue available in Japan, too,
like the more regular blue.
But it is kind of interesting that they're getting rid of one of the colors completely, I guess,
especially one of the launch colors, but interesting.
Maybe it just wasn't selling very well.
Black Wolf in our chat room says,
Why did you buy Alan what he wanted? You should have gotten him what he should have wanted.
I really should do that next time.
Although, he was standing with me in the store, and I was like,
All right, what do you want for Christmas? Pick something.
He's like, I want a DSi XL. Really?
You answered incorrectly.
Zonk!
You chose poorly. You will now disintegrate.
Not all the news is about the 3DS, though.
There's also news about the Vita's in regards to how many they've sold.
1.8 million Vitas sold worldwide.
That's not bad.
That's not bad.
That's, what, 600,000 since late February when they last reported their sales figures, which is 1.2 million.
That's not bad.
It's not incredible, but it's not like the system's dead.
I don't know.
All right. Let's go ahead and move on to the mailbag.
Every week, you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
And we'll choose some of your emails to read here live on air.
A few of them.
I will start at the beginning. We only had three.
Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
One day and 15 hours left. I've been waiting 10 years for this.
I thought about taking a day off to play, but I can't justify the loss of income.
I'm hoping it's a rainy weekend.
Diablo and Rain go together.
To pass the time until the release, I'm playing Dead Space 2, which I bought on Steam sale about six months ago.
I play at night with my headphones on and a candle lit.
My wife gets a kick out of hearing me yell like a girl.
It's probably the scariest game I've ever played.
Any of you play it?
I'm like Rob with game ADD, so I'm forcing myself to finish it.
Plus, I heard that the end boss is mind-blowing.
See you at the Skeleton King, mysterious turtle. Love the vlog network, kiddos.
I have not played Dead Space 2, but I've heard that it's super scary.
Somebody else starts to ask, acidic vampire in chatroom says, excellent game.
So you have one supporter there in the chatroom, at least.
I will be on board with the Diablo 3 train.
I'll be choo-chooing along too.
Yeah, it helps when the Warcraft addicts are all getting it for free.
I know, right?
Next email.
Hey, OLR. Specifically, I should be addressing both Rob and Shane.
What's up with your taste in men? Kaiden is not that fabulous.
Get off my show.
I ended up taking Ashley on to Mass Effect 2 instead of Kaiden.
I've yet to play 3.
I just feel like there are much better fish in the galaxy.
Also, Shane needs to call in more.
Hearing him always makes me giggle, and he's always got something interesting to say,
even if it's just to call in and say hello with no particular topic in mind.
A show without a call from him just isn't complete for me heart, heart, heart.
Shane has a stalker fan.
Don't inflate his ego, for God's sake.
And you're especially not going to score points.
Can I finish reading, Rob?
No, you're not going to score points when you're dogging on Kaiden.
Yes, there's all kinds of homo all up in this email. Deal with it.
I love you all, Ospher.
I love DarkTetsuya. Gay hate mail. Is this a first on OLR?
Sadly, no. I don't think it is.
This last one is a link, and I'm afraid to follow it.
Alright.
You're here because one of your friends has invited you. Page loading, please wait.
Uh, no.
I will say this.
Thank you for spamming us, listener.
AcidicVampire in our chatroom says,
Ash does have some great scenes in Mass Effect 3.
She gets fucking smashed.
Well, see, I'll probably take her, because I'm going for full-on lesbian.
Doesn't that? She's not a lesbian romance option, sadly.
Oh, she might be in 3. I don't think she is, though.
That makes my heart hurt.
Oh, there's plenty of people you can lez up with, if you want.
That's awesome.
Aliens, and I will say, I will say this.
Because that was totally me in Dragon Age 2.
There is a, I don't want to spoil too much, but I will say,
there is a very hot, hot woman, a woman of color, in Part 3,
that is, she is only a lesbian option.
Nice.
And there's a shower scene, that's all I'm going to say.
Okay.
Good times.
Okay. Need.
And AcidicVampire confirms she doesn't go lesbian.
That's alright. Save yourself for, uh, I guess I can say, save yourself for trainer.
It's hot.
Alright.
Moving on.
Uh, let's get to the FUs of the Week.
That was it for emails, huh? You got a spam email?
Uh, yeah.
Alright.
And good thing I'm on Linux, because they don't make viruses for Linux, really.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the Week.
Every week we get ranty.
Um, FU.
I have a few, actually, because I'm tired and sore and bitchy.
So, FU, as much fun as the Komen walk was, I didn't say that I did that on the show yet, did I?
No.
I did the, um, the Komen walk for breast cancer yesterday.
And, um, apparently since I've started wearing Vibram five fingers, and before I was wearing shape-ups, my stride has changed.
I found out that I used to walk on the outsides of my feet.
So when I put on my old shape-ups, because my heel pads for my Vibrams wore out, um, I'm walking.
First of all, we've had to park away from the start of the walk, so walk a mile and a half to the, no, a mile to the start.
Walk the three and a half miles for the walk.
Walk another half a mile to get to the convention center.
Walking all over the place there and walking back, I have blisters in places on my feet that I've never had blisters before.
I have one on the outside of my big toe, and of course I've got the requisite one on my right heel,
which is, um, probably another quarter bigger than a half dollar if anyone remembers what those look like and how big they are.
And then I have one on my left foot on the bottom of my, uh, next to pinky toe.
It's just bizarre, and they're annoying and they hurt.
And then, um, I woke up this morning in so much pain.
Because I pretty much walked about eight hours, eight, not eight hours, um, eight miles continuously over the course of, uh, two and a half hours.
So, which isn't bad, but, you know.
And so I was just in all kinds of pain, and thankfully my husband let me sleep in this morning.
Dan is, and he woke me up by screaming from the kitchen,
Omelette du fromage! So that woke me up. I woke up to omelette du fromage.
And, um, I've been soaring grumpy all day, and I've been sort of snapping at people because I've been too tired to articulate properly exactly what it is that I want to say.
The other one goes towards me losing my voice, um, which is now going on two weeks and all the signage drainage.
And then I'm just hoping that all of this crap is cleared up by the time I go to Disneyland, because I want to go out and have a good time.
So, uh, also, um, F.U. to, uh, Vibram speed for being way too expensive for me to get before Disneyland.
Marathon F.U. segment. Loki?
Um, I guess F.U. to my throat being sore.
It's really annoying. I hate sore throats. Scratchy.
I tried honey. It worked for like a minute.
No, that's alright. I don't want anything.
F.U. to the fact that I've been sick for like five, I'm sorry, were you done?
I'm done.
F.U. to the fact that I've been sick since like Thursday, and it sucks, and I've missed some important stuff because of it.
And what also pisses me off, I've really been sick since Wednesday, I skipped work on Thursday and stayed home.
Friday I went back to work because I had something really important, I really wanted to get done, and I was feeling a little better.
But I think because I exerted myself too much, I was really sick again yesterday.
I'm feeling a little better today, and I'm hoping by the time I wake up tomorrow I'm all better.
So I haven't taken my pills, and it's time to take my pills, and I'm doing alright, I'm making it through the show.
And I'm not as super congested, but just, ugh, go away. Be healed.
And also F.U. to the fact that our stream apparently went down about five minutes ago and caused a bunch of people to disconnect.
Because that's never good for retaining your listeners, so I hate when the server fucking burps like that.
Argh.
Alright. Anyhow.
That's really it for the F.U.s for me.
Listless is coming up very, very, very soon, but first, a couple more news stories for you guys.
Oh, actually, this next one's a doozy.
Loki has a bunch of stories about Kickstarter, right?
Let's talk about Kickstarter.
This is a new segment we're gonna call Give Us All Your Money.
And we even have an appropriate theme song for this.
Of course.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about the latest Kickstarter campaigns, because I have a feeling this is not gonna go away anytime soon.
Kickstarter, the place where you can kickstart any franchise that may or may not need to be kickstarted, or you may or may not want kickstarted.
Can it kickstart my heart?
Random amount of money? Yes.
Battle Chess.
They're doing a remake for that, which I was completely unaware of, and I thought that series had died off, but oh no, they want to come back.
And they're going to Kickstarter to fund multiplayer.
And, yeah, they're looking for $100,000 for an online experience that includes skill-based matchmaking statistics and leaderboards, achievements, and in-game chat.
And they're $12,000 with 18 days to go, they're probably not gonna make it.
I like Battle Chess.
Too bad.
That was the one where the queen would like flat out chop off someone's head, right?
Yeah, that was awesome.
You might be able to get behind something like this. Two guys from Andromeda, SpaceVenture.
It's the guys that created Space Quest, they're doing a new adventure game, and it looks pretty cool.
And they've got some really popular voice actors, including the original narrator, Gary Owens.
Rob Paulson, who you may not know by name, but he voiced some of the characters from Animaniacs, as well as other things, including Pinky.
And then, of course, Ellen McLean, who you may recognize as GLaDOS.
I know her from Opera.
But she will be in there as well.
You make it sound like you don't know her as GLaDOS.
Chances of this one succeeding, probably pretty good.
They have 30 days left and they're already at almost $150,000.
Looks pretty good.
Carmageddon is trying to come back. They have a Carmageddon reincarnation, which looks terrible. I've got to be honest, man.
It's a remake of the original game. I mean, I would think if you want to kickstart something, you should do like a brand new game.
But anyways, they're doing that, and yay.
Probably it's going to get funded. They're already at $225,000 of the $400,000 that they need.
I'm killing the music. The segment's going on too long.
Sorry, I'm trying to be quick.
Another one, Redux, which is a sequel to a game called Ducks, which is a 2009 shooter that came out in the Dreamcast.
And now they're doing one, they want to do this new game for the Playstation Network, Xbox Live Arcade, and Steam.
And they need $25,000, which, that's reasonable for a game.
They're definitely going to hit it. They're already at almost $24,000, and they've got 25 days to go.
And there's all sorts of neat rewards for that.
I mean, if you're a fan of shooters, it might be some of them throw your money at it, I guess.
And then, last but not least, this one's kind of interesting.
Jason Rohrer, I hope that's Rohrer, I guess, he is putting out a game called Diamond Trust of London.
It's actually a DS game. It's going to be a retail DS game. He has the game done.
He just needs the money now to make the cartridges.
Apparently Nintendo has all these, you know, limits or minimums and stuff, and they need $78,000 in order to make,
I think it's like, I don't remember how many cartridges they're making, a thousand cartridges, if not more.
They're already at $53,000 of the $78,000, just over $78,000.
They've got 12 days to go. It may not happen.
And Diamond Trust of London is kind of like a strategy game, where it has to do with diamond trading.
That was, I don't know, it sounded pretty interesting. I actually watched a little video for it.
Not my type of game, so obviously not something I'm going to buy.
He's done a few other games, too, as well. A lot of the browser games, I can't remember what he's worked on.
But you would recognize him if you saw him.
So, that's it. That's for the stuff that's on Kickstarter right now. That's notable, I guess.
There's actually a cracked article about six amazing indie video games that are made possible through Kickstarter.
And the first one is Double Fight Adventure, for number six. Number five is Auditorium Duet, which I haven't heard of.
It's a music game.
Yeah, I've heard of that.
Music game and shooter.
Sounds like Beat Hazard, which was a great game.
FTL, which doesn't look very interesting to me, but okay.
I have to go to the next page now.
Oh, come on. I just thought it was neat because it's kind of related.
We've poo-pooed on Kickstarters and I honestly still don't like them. I don't trust them.
I don't trust them.
There was one dark side of Kickstarter last week where the people had stolen the art from DeviantArt or what have you.
There's a few, actually. One of the first ones I put money towards, Video Game High School had their first episode this week.
It was actually pretty cool. I'm digging that.
It's a neat little web series that they've got going on right now about this high school that basically recruits people that play video games.
It's like video games have taken over the world type thing. It's really cool.
So anyways, that guy, he did Passage, which was kind of a browser game that was popular. It was very minimalistic.
Between was another one that he did. Sleep is Death, Inside a Starfield Sky, and then he has this new one.
But a lot of stuff that's been covered in gaming blogs and stuff like that.
Alright, well if that website ain't working...
It's not loading.
Alright, that's alright. Let's move on. Anyhow, we have a list list coming up here and it's going to relate a little bit to this story, so pay attention.
There are rumors circulating that Tadashi Sugiyama, and if you don't know that name, he directed a Mario Kart game, Pilotwings, and F-Zero.
He's apparently working on a Wii U game, which is supposed to be revealed at E3 next month.
And apparently it's one that has not been spoiled in this whole early list or whatever that leaked.
That was all speculated titles. None of those were actually official.
I see. So we'll add this to the list of speculation now, because apparently he is working on a game that's going to be revealed at E3 next month.
No hints on what it is, but if you consider that he has worked in the past on Mario Kart, which has been on the 3DS, Pilotwings, which has been on the 3DS, and F-Zero...
One of those looks really like me.
It could be a new IP, granted, or maybe he's been put on one of the other Nintendo IPs.
But, that fanboy in me is still a little excited at the possibilities, right? Am I right? Am I right?
That would be awesome. It would be awesome.
I mean, the last F-Zero game was pretty awesome.
Yes!
It was just a long time ago.
It's just that the arcade version was surprisingly leaked.
Here's the thing. Nintendo, sometimes they have really brilliant things that come out, and sometimes they have really, like, just lazy, lazily put together projects that they put out.
Like, the whole F-Zero thing with interaction with the arcade, where you can unlock the arcade tracks at home by playing at the arcade.
Or you can take your cars that you make, or your ships that you make to the arcade.
That was amazing! That was fucking awesome!
And then they just rehash Animal Crossing again.
You know, it's just like, I don't know.
Sometimes I just wonder.
I think that all comes down to, it's different development teams.
Some people have it, some people don't.
Some people just, you know, do what they can to get on by.
Sorry, I got slowed up in the chatroom here, and it, um, it's screwing me up here, because I really wanted the chatroom for this next segment.
Oh, did we lose stream again, too?
I'm not seeing anything from the chatroom.
I think we pinged out. You might want to reload chat.
Okay.
Fantastic.
The joys and fun of live radio, everybody. What can you do? Alright.
Anyhow, we're gonna move into the next segment tonight called Listless!
We have lots of theme songs tonight.
Listless is where we are going to come up with the definitive list, definitive fanboy list on a particular topic.
You guys in our chatroom are gonna help us out by voting for your favorites.
Let me remind you how Listless works.
We're gonna come up with a topic, and the topic for tonight I'll reveal in just a minute.
And then what you do on this topic is, oh, I'm sorry, you guys here in studio, and we'll have a surprise fourth guest on the phone here in a minute.
What we're gonna do on the phone and in studio is come up with our top three answers for this topic.
That's gonna leave us a list of 12.
We will then all go around the room and eliminate one from the list, leaving us a list of eight.
And then we will put it to a vote in our chatroom for their number one and number two answers.
And after that, definitive process is done. That's it. This is the list. It's a done deal.
There's no arguing. This is what the gamers demand.
Highly scientific, tested and trued over the past ten years. Am I right?
Yeah, you're right.
Here it is. Tonight's Listless topic.
Oh, actually, let me get our fourth person on the phone.
Sorry, the whole disconnection of the stream kind of screwed me up here.
It's Comcast.
Apparently.
Yeah, because we were having an issue, well, I was having an issue loading a page.
Stupids.
All right, let's try to get our person on the line here.
Hey, is this Shane?
Yeah, holy crap. You're allowed. I need to fix this.
Boo, surprise. Hey, it's Shane joining us from Hoard House, the best little Hoard House in Azeroth,
which can be heard not on the VOG Network yet, but soon.
www.hoardhouse.com.
All about the World of Warcraft, right, Shane?
That's actually what I'm playing right now.
I'm playing the Mists of Pandaria beta because Male Panda's got new hairstyles,
so clearly I have to take it out for a test drive.
Wait a minute. You're not playing Mass Effect for a change?
I don't always play Mass Effect, just most of the time.
Yes, you do. Why is it that on the Warcraft show, you're always playing Mass Effect,
and now on the general gaming show, you're always playing Warcraft?
I don't understand.
Because...
I don't always play Mass Effect, but when I do, it's with Kaiden.
Yeah, what? Oh my gosh. That letter, while it did inflate my ego,
how could you bash Kaiden?
I have to say, we planned this long before we read that email tonight.
I had no idea that email was in there. That was a late-arriving email.
We already knew Shane was going to be our fourth person tonight for Listless,
and then that email comes in, and here you are on the show five minutes later.
What do you want to say to that emailer?
Thank you for inflating my ego, but you're wrong about Kaiden,
so it's like, I don't know. I just can't talk to you.
All right. You ready to play Listless with us tonight, Shane?
As long as it doesn't get in the way of playing World of Warcraft, yes.
We'll do our best. All right.
So here's the topic for tonight, because everybody's dying to know.
Here's the topic for tonight, E3 Wii U announcement
that will make me walk to GameStop and pre-order it that day.
The E3 Wii U announcement that will make me walk to GameStop and pre-order it that day.
Now, chatters, if you want to give us your suggestions,
you can start typing those in our chat room at vognetwork.com.
I can't guarantee we're going to use your answers,
but if one of us ends up having an answer stolen by another host or something,
we tend to look to chat room for a little bit of help.
So what do you think?
The E3 Wii U announcement that will make me walk to GameStop and pre-order it that day.
Let's start with Shane. What is your number three answer?
Okay. I'm going to have to try to explain this,
because my writing it out, I didn't do a very good job.
So my number three would be Nintendo announcing a new F-Zero game
utilizing the tablet controller as some sort of like future racing control dash thing
where you'd press the buttons on the screen to go and break and stuff,
and then it would have a stand that you could tilt the controller with for tilt controls.
How about we just say new F-Zero game?
No, because you have to have the rest of that, or else it's just a crappy F-Zero game.
How about new F-Zero with tilt control?
Well, it's probably good. It's a zero.
Summarize the tilt controls one more time.
It would be this mount you put the tablet on,
because it would be awkward to have the acceleration and break on the touchscreen
while you're trying to use the crappy controller with the analog nub stick or whatever.
So it would be tilt controlled.
So it would be like you're standing on a console.
I see it on Power Rangers all the time. That's where I got the idea.
If it's good enough for Power Rangers, it's good enough for Shane.
Too bad. I shortened the answer to new F-Zero game.
Fine, whatever.
Loki, what's your number three pick?
All these are going to be kind of similar, except for the last one.
The first one is going to be a Mario Kart game with track editor.
It's like ModNation Racers with Mario Kart.
Really, everyone wants anyways.
So ModNation Mario Kart, basically.
Something like that.
ModNation is a really terrible name.
Mario Kart game with track editor.
What character is most important to have in Mario Kart?
Mario.
I mean, like, what would you want to play, mostly?
Like, as you know, there's a variety of characters that come in the games.
They haven't put Samus in there. That'd be kind of funny.
It would be funny. That's a good answer.
All right.
Dark Sakura, your number three answer.
A Mario Paint.
A new Mario Paint.
Yes.
Oh, that'd be awesome. Can I change my answer?
Only if it has the music mode in it.
With the cat meow and the dog barks.
It has to have the undo doggy, too.
So if you make a mistake, you can click on his face.
Yes. All right.
As long as undo doggy's there.
I can actually see that.
I mean, if they don't make a Mario Paint game, I mean, come on.
I agree.
They're kind of dumb if they don't make a Mario part.
Mario.
I said Mario Party, but they'll probably make one of those, too.
All right.
My number three answer.
E3 Wii U announcement that will make me walk to GameStop and preorder it that day.
My virtual console games still work on it.
OMG.
Because that won't happen.
We all know.
But it would be nice that all that money I invested on the Wii could, like,
somehow carry over to the Wii U and I could take that little tablet, like,
into, you know, my bedroom and play before I go to bed and, you know.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Wouldn't that be nice, everybody?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Shane, your number two answer.
Nintendo announcing multiple colors of the system for launch,
especially a blue color.
Especially blue.
Especially blue.
Yes.
Multiple colors.
Oh, because I put multiple colors including blue,
but I'll put multiple colors especially blue.
You could also put most importantly.
That would work as well.
I can't spell.
Rob spiel's will.
All right.
Multiple colors, especially blue.
Aqua blue or navy blue or what?
I will take either a midnight blue, a cobalt blue, or a metallic blue,
but not aqua blue.
I support cobalt.
Loki, your number two answer.
My number two answer, I just had something different too.
Oh, my number two answer would be that that tablet controller can actually
be used as a tablet.
Like, you know, you can take it as a portable system wherever you go,
although that wouldn't really fit in your pocket.
But it would be nice, you know, get some more value out of it.
There you go.
So the tablet controller is actually a tablet and not reliant on being
actually near a Wii U.
Yes.
All right.
Fair enough.
Dark Sakura, your number two answer.
Pokemon Snap Wii U.
How would the tablet work in Pokemon Snap Wii U?
See, I would want, like, an augmented reality version.
Is that where you pick your balls?
They could do that.
I think it has a camera on the tablet.
That is true.
Jamie, you know that there's a 3DS application coming out for
Black and White 2 that is Pokemon Snap augmented reality.
Well, I don't have a 3DS, so that doesn't sound good.
You need one for it.
It's Pokemon Snap.
Well, send me one, please.
I'm going to Disneyland.
That's more important.
All right.
My number two answer.
I bet I'm stealing Dark Sakura's number one answer right here,
but I don't even care.
I don't think you are.
I don't even care.
All right.
My answer.
The Guardian Legend Wii U.
You're not stealing my number one answer.
But I'm sorry.
It's a damn good answer.
If they say, bam, Guardian Legends coming back, I'll be, like, preordered.
Done.
Sold.
Give me two.
All right.
So far we have new F-Zero game, Mario Kart with track editor, new Mario Paint.
My virtual console games work.
Multiple colors, especially blue.
Tablet controller is actually a tablet.
Pokemon Snap Wii U and the Guardian Legend Wii U.
Let's get to the number one answers.
Shane.
Okay.
Okay.
This is going to be a complete surprise to everybody.
Are you ready for it?
Mass Effect.
What?
A new Mass Effect game.
See?
The tablet would have straps so you could strap it to your arm like an omni-tool, and
then it would have a control scheme similar to Metroid Prime.
So you'd have awesome, you know, omni-tool stuff, and you would have a really good control
scheme.
And I don't care if it's four or whatever.
I just would love that.
You just need Mass Effect in your life somehow being brought together with you.
Yes.
Always.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
What a shocking answer from Shane.
All right.
Number one answer.
Try not to be shocked, but Excite Truck 2.
I would buy that system.
What a shocking answer.
But if there's one fucking minigame in that goddamn racing game, I will fucking burn that
console through the ground.
Is this an official bet?
You will buy a Wii U and set it on fire if there's an Excite Truck 2?
No, I will not waste my money.
But like in my mind, I would, you know, that console deserves a burn.
I would imagine really hard and hope you were pyrokinetic.
All right.
Dark Sakura, your number one answer.
All of my answers have been like legit and not smartassy.
So, I said DJ Max Technica.
That was going to be my number two.
Because, yeah.
All right.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Yeah, I could see that.
And totally doable.
And totally doable.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Or at least, at least, a game that's very similar to an Elite Beat Agent.
Like an Elite Beat Agent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I would say an Elite Beat Agent's Technica style.
Do they have multi-touch on that thing?
Because I think it's supposed to be just like the DS screen.
I think it's just like a DS screen.
It's not like an iPhone or anything like that.
Technica won't work.
I could make mine, oh, Shitataka and Olendon.
You want to change it from Technica to EBA?
Well, you know, that type of game.
How about Technica or EBA?
Okay.
Well, just honestly, I liked Olendon better than EBA because I thought the cheerleaders
were funny.
All right.
Well, look at all these serious answers here.
My answer is very serious.
My number one answer is very serious.
And it is a very practical use of the Wii U technology.
You can have one thing on the television and you can have one thing on the tablet that
sits on your pants.
Okay?
So my number one answer for my number one game I won.
You mean like using the GBA back in the day?
Sort of.
My game that I want more than anything is called Porn on My Pants.
And what happens is that on the TV screen, it looks like you're playing something really
cute and chibi, like you're playing like a new Pokemon game, but on your pants, porn.
And whatever porn you could possibly imagine.
You want straight porn?
Fine.
You want gay porn?
You want five people going at it at once?
Fine.
Anything you're into is available through the various DLC.
Human Sent to Porn.
Human Sent to Porn, if that's what you're into, fine.
Midget Porn, go for it.
Do you know that old person porn is very popular in Japan now?
I don't care.
Alright, porn.
Porn.
Not in my version of Porn on My Pants.
That shit will stay out.
Alright, so Porn on My Pants is my number one answer.
Alright.
Here we get to the very hard part of Listless.
You said hard right after you talked about porn.
It's just a necessary part of the game that we play here.
By the way, let me read some of the answers from chat because there were some great answers
from chat here.
Tiger Clawed.
Nyan Cat the Game.
Act Def'd.
Mass Effect.
Weeology.
Act Def'd said Steam Integration on the Wii U.
Act Def'd President Cat Wii U.
Black Wolf Mother Wii U.
Raginator, a limited edition ABBA and Rocky Horror themed console.
SSJ-100 Matt, Goat Say Me for Wii U.
SSJ-100 Matt, Ultra Kade Wii U.
Raginator, Sky Barbie Horse Adventures Wii U edition is the pack in game.
World of Warcraft Wii U is Act Def'd.
Frisbee says Dreamcast 2.
Going back to an old Listless, but unfortunately none of those answers made the list tonight.
One of my other considerations, Rob, was a boob game.
There you go.
Bobby also says automatically allocates 1 million sales of Eye of Judgment.
I'm afraid that that will never happen.
Yeah, actually the bet was officially closed a couple years ago, too.
It's just, they're not making it anymore.
Very sad.
Alright, so here we go.
Here we go.
Now's the time where we're going to go around and eliminate one answer from the list.
And the list as it stands right now.
New F-Zero game.
Mario Kart Wii with track editor.
Or, excuse me, Mario Kart with track editor.
New Mario Paint.
My virtual console games work.
Multiple colors, especially blue.
Tablet controller is actually a tablet.
Pokemon Snap Wii U.
The Guardian Legend Wii U.
A new Mass Effect game tablet is Omnitool.
Excite Truck 2.
DJ Max Technica or EBA.
And porn on my pants.
Shane, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Because I don't think Nintendo would get it right.
Porn on my pants.
I knew you would erase that, you ass.
But, Nintendo doesn't know how to make anything mature.
Ever.
So, would you want something so terrible as to taint the name porn on my pants?
It could be their breakthrough hit.
Right.
I just don't have faith.
I'm sorry.
It is stricken from the list and I'm mad at you forever.
Alright.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Pokemon Snap Wii U.
Because it's something that they could really just include into a new Pokemon game.
Which they're doing apparently.
Yeah.
Alright, it is stricken from the list, unfortunately, for Dark Soccer.
But, Dark Soccer, here's your chance for revenge.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm above revenge, Rob.
What are you talking about?
Excite Truck 2.
Because I didn't give a shit about Excite Truck 1 and that's not enough to make me buy one.
That's because you never played it.
I played it.
I didn't care for it.
Alright, let's see.
Then, to be fair, I need to get rid of one of Shane's answers here.
Ooh!
I'm getting rid of multiple colors, especially blue.
Oh, come on!
Because I actually like the rest of the answers.
And, I'm sorry, we need a purple.
You know I might get the purple one for my birthday because I can't tell the difference
between the color.
So I'll trade in my aqua blue one for that one.
It's gonna be awesome.
Alright, so we have narrowed down the list for your voting pleasure.
Here's a recap and you guys can place your votes.
Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom at vognetwork.com, type slash MSG space SKIE,
my name's Sky, and your vote, your number one and your number two answers.
Here is the list that you can pick from.
New F-Zero game.
Mario Kart with track editor.
New Mario Paint.
My virtual console games work.
Tablet controller is actually a tablet.
The Guardian Legend Wii U.
A new Mass Effect game tablet is Omnitool.
And DJ Max Technica or EBA.
There it is.
We will tally up your votes and have those real soon.
A little later on when we start taking calls.
So that's it.
Shane, anything else you want to talk to us about or say before we let you go?
I don't know.
Probably not.
Alright, well then I guess have fun with pandas.
I will.
Goodbye.
Alright, bye.
Well that should make Shane's one fan very happy that he was there on the show.
Playing listless with us.
Black Wolf is accusing us, by the way, of not enough lols tonight in the match game segment.
Not enough lols.
We did not bring the lols tonight.
Sorry to hear that.
Well you know what?
We can't be funny all the time.
I spend a lot of my funny.
But Loki's funny looking all the time.
That's true.
Kind of Amish.
I don't know.
I think he looks kind of Amish.
A little bit maybe.
We need to get you a black hat and some buttons.
Alright, let's do a couple more news stories for you guys.
Then we're going to get to the Skype line and we'll get to the results of listless as well.
Dark Sakura I think we're on right now.
Well, it's just a big pile of shit.
The court in Holland has ordered that a particular Pirate Bay supporter stop publicizing a work around for the ban that was there.
It's called the Dutch Pirate Party.
They've been publicizing ways to circumvent the ban on Pirate Bay.
And as reported by the BBC, the judge also said that it ceased offering a proxy service so that Dutch Pirate Bay users could access the torrents without having to link the site.
I mean, not really surprising that they try to stop it.
But it's more and more people finding a way.
But honestly people could find a way around it on their own if they were creative.
Also, the group's UK branch is actually offering more of a proxy for the country-wide ISP block.
So, that's it.
The party's campaign officer actually said that they received 2 million hits in over 24 hours.
And, of course, the legal campaign in the UK is being spearheaded by the British Phonographic Institute.
That's old school there.
Phonographic.
Phonograph.
And then here's something really funny.
So, people that play Battlefield 3 are having issues finding servers to actually play their game on.
You know how you pay those online passes and then you can't connect to a game?
Fan-fucking-tastic.
And so, what's ending up happening is apparently you remember that they announced that you can rent servers from EA.
Well, apparently the rentals have been so popular that there's not enough servers to go around anymore.
Because being smart and having a certain amount of servers available to regular players versus opening up tons of servers so that you can make more profit.
You know, enjoyable experience versus profit.
They went with profit.
So, apparently that's an issue.
And they're saying that, of course, they reserve a percentage of the servers for players who prefer to connect through dice-hosted servers.
But they won't say what percent of that.
And they're also saying that a lot of the servers appear unavailable.
In fact, some people are having trouble connecting to a server so long that it's taking them an hour to connect to a game without having to try to connect to one of these private servers which you may or may not get kicked from because it's a private server.
That kind of sucks. Money first.
I know, that's kind of weird.
It's kind of like, sorry, you can't come here because we already rented it out for so-and-so's birthday party.
For that guy who runs MegaUpload.com or whatever his name is, rented everything for his private parole party.
Well, yeah, I mean, it's just, you know, they're saying that basically people are looking for just, you know, to play the regular game types without any sort of custom stuff.
And, you know, one guy's saying, I rarely got kicked from a dice server.
And it says, you know, but once the rented servers bit took off, got kicked quite a bit.
And it's damn near impossible to find an official server in that many of the rented servers features are games with server requirements.
I don't want to play Team Deathmatch to 500 kills or Conquest to 700 tickets.
So, you know, they're basically saying, no, they're not shutting down servers.
But, you know, if dice managed servers appear offline, it's because they've been rented and customized by players.
Custom servers have always been extremely popular at Battlefield PC players.
With Battlefield 3, we introduced the custom server program to console gamers.
Response has been overwhelmingly positive.
Yeah, cha-ching, cha-ching, cha-ching.
But just remember that when you're paying for your online pass for your used game that you're not going to necessarily get online.
Alright, one more story for you guys, then we're going to get to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And you might have played Kid Icarus Uprising at this point on the 3DS.
And if you haven't, you really should, because it's a good game.
Except for the whole, your hand will cramp in 20 different ways.
However, it's kind of sad to hear that they're not going to get a chance to redo the controls in a sequel.
They will not be doing a sequel.
The staff behind Project Sora, which is, you know, really the same people that made Super Smash Brothers, and the various versions, have said that they're not going to be doing a sequel.
Mashihiro Sakurai, who of course is the brains behind it, said, quote,
If by lasting universe you mean to ask if there's a sequel, the answer is no.
We pushed a lot into the game in order to let people have this short yet deep experience, but the novelty of that would likely grow thin in the next game.
For now, my thought is that perhaps we'll see someone else besides me make another Kid Icarus in another 25 years.
Yikes.
At least they tried to make it so that they'd have a ton of replayability on it, but I'm sure they're busy with, you know, Smash Brothers.
Exactly. Exactly.
So sadly, that will not be coming out any time soon.
Hey, we are going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
The phones are open, so go ahead and give us a call if you want, and let us know your thoughts on tonight's news or anything else that you wanted to share.
We'll get to Twitter topics in a minute, but first I was going to ask Loki if he has any last minute stories, so I can tally up these last few listless votes that came in.
This is kind of funny. Apparently they have a pre-order bonus for The Amazing Spider-Man coming out in June, where you can play as Stan Lee.
Like, actually as Stan Lee in the Spider-Man game. And of course he has, you know, some of the powers that Spider-Man has, and he is searching, or he's hunting down, I guess, script pages from his next movie or something.
Alright, let's go to the phones and take a call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's the one and only Rama.
Of course it is. How you doing, Rama?
I'm pretty good. Alive, but okay.
Should you not be alive? Did you have a weekend filled with devious things that could have got you killed?
Yes, it's called Staffia Convention, where I tweaked my knee.
Touch.
Yes. Or as I was saying at the end of the rave last night, I was raving like nobody else's business until I took a glow stick to the knee.
When will that meme die?
Not anytime soon.
I did put that call out on Twitter as to what game should I play next now that I finally beat Mass Effect, and it looks like I'm gonna do Skyrim.
No, don't.
No, I have to. I bought it, and I really liked it.
It's one of those endless games, and poor Alan's gonna be a gamer widow. We can't have that.
Alan's been the one playing it.
He's been the one playing. Okay, Alan got to the point where he beat every single quest in Skyrim, save for the ones that are automatically generated, and he knew which one those were.
He beat them all.
Mmm.
So, just saying, I ain't the widow. I mean, he ain't the widow. He should sympathize.
I just want to play the main quest. I don't want to do all the science stuff.
For the record, I do have to say that I found one good surviving remnant of that meme.
What?
I was like, I used to think Hawkeye was useless, but then I took an arrow to the knee.
That one was good.
So, Rama, what did you really call to talk to us about tonight?
I want to talk about this Xbox 360 deal. It's just something I was thinking about that doesn't kind of make sense, but it kind of does, when you're trying to compare it in a way of, like, a subsidized cell phone.
Now, if you pay $200 for your smartphone, and you have to pay the bill every month, and if you happen to terminate the contract, you have to pay this fee.
Now, let's say you don't pay that bill for that month. They'll let you slide.
Second month, not so much. They cut the phone off, and the phone is rendered useless.
Right.
Now, with Microsoft, you pay $99, and you pay $15 a month.
Now, let's say you don't pay the bill for the first month. They let it slide.
And you're paying the bill for the second month. What's going to happen?
You fire your 360. We already know that your live account is canceled.
But what else is going to happen? Are you going to get a little pop-up to say that you can't play a console unless you pay the bill?
Maybe. I mean, maybe the technology is not there yet, but it's something that they could implement for the next round of consoles.
I believe there is some type of $299 fee that you have to pay, or you have to pay some type of big fee for the early cancellation,
which basically amounts to the rest of the cost of the console on its own, plus the Kinect.
And they would automatically charge it against whatever credit card they have on file for you, or send your ass to collections, for all I know.
Well, that I do see happening, but I'm just going to be amused at where people are going to start complaining where they forgot to pay the bill.
You get this pop-up with your 360. You cannot play a console unless the bill isn't paid. Please call this number, you know.
Well, think about, you know what, this is somewhat modeled after, one could argue, and that is the Blizzard blood pact that came out at the end of last year.
If I were to suddenly stop paying my World of Warcraft bill, they would shut off my Diablo 3.
They can do that. You just shut it off.
Yeah, I can see Microsoft doing where they do this, and you activate your account, like a special extra software gets loaded onto your console where they actually monitor, where if you don't pay the bill, that happens.
That sounds like one of those low credit cars, where it won't start if you haven't paid the bill.
Mm-hmm. It's scary, but the next round of consoles could have that technology if they decide to go with this. Of course, that's a big if, but we'll see.
And somewhere in the corporate offices of Rent-A-Center, they're going, why didn't we think of this?
Why didn't we think of this? That's alright, Rent-A-Center still gets to do the televisions and all the stuff that, you know, you have to play the video games on.
I had one of those. Did I tell you that?
No. You feel like sharing?
Sure. I wish I still had it, but as a birthday gift when I was 12, me and my great-grandma went to Rent-A-Center. She bought me a 20-inch TV with a built-in Nintendo from Sharp Electronics.
I didn't realize they ever made TVs with built-in Nintendos.
Yep.
Huh. Okay.
Man, I had it for years, but back in, I believe, 2005, I had to sit it out on the side because the tube went and I had paid to get it fixed like twice and it kept going out.
Wow. Alright.
Are you talking about the C1 NES TV?
What was that?
The C1 NES TV.
I believe so, yeah. And I think in Japan, Sharp actually had a Super Nintendo, a Super Famicom version of that as well.
There was one.
ActDeft in our chatroom at vognetwork.com says Kmart had them. You know what? Kmart probably still has them if you want to go check it out.
If they did, I will buy one right now because the only place I saw them at the time was Rent-A-Center and where I lived, there was no Kmart.
I keep forgetting those places like Rent-A-Center exist.
I posted a link to that in the chatroom.
Oh my gosh. That's so cool. I never realized they made those.
Oh, mine was slightly different from that one. Mine was slightly different. It was taller. After the call, I'll find a link and I'll post it, but yeah.
That's still pretty rad. Alright, Ramo, we ought to let you go so we can get some more calls. Take care, buddy. Okay?
Ain't no problem. Take care.
Alright, bye. Any other last minute stories to cover? I do have a couple Twitter things I can do.
Chris Sharp made another thing called the Twin Famicom that came out in 1986, only released in Japan, and it's the combination of the Famicom and the disk system in one piece of hardware.
Orange Lounge Radio is our username on Skype, or 1-877-GAME-OLR if you need to get ahold of us that way. Anything else, Loki? Are we done with last minute stories? There's a bonus 25 minutes of Cave Johnson in the DLC for Portal 2.
Good lord, monologues or what? Yeah, pretty much. It's all stuff that they recorded, especially for that. It's brand new stuff.
Oh, wow. You can listen to it on YouTube. That's pretty cool that they got him back in to do that.
Yep.
Alright, going to a few tweets at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Eric RPG on Twitter sent us a tweet with a link from this game from the I Wanna Be the Guy dev.
Oh, I'd heard about this. This is like the Castlevania-esque game, isn't it? I'm looking at the link right now that he sent us on Twitter at Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And I wanna say I heard about this.
I just found a Twin Famicom on eBay for 57 bucks.
That right there is the trailer for Union High School.
He sent us to a link. Oh, there it is. Right here. Here it is.
I don't know why, but the link he sent us didn't work and it sent me to the main page of Destructoid because he linked me to the story over there.
Oh, wow. That does look a lot like Castlevania. But that's what he's making. A Castlevania-esque platformer. It's called Brave Earth Prologue and it's an homage to old school Castlevania.
We could use more homages to old school Castlevania, to be quite honest.
Or homages to, like, say, Guardian Legend.
Guardian Legend. Yes, exactly. Exactly. It's a very 8-bit style game. That's pretty cool. It's gonna appear on Steam and other services for 5 bucks.
That's a really good deal, actually. I'm liking the way that looks. Thank you for sharing that.
I will probably pick that up. You can't beat 5 bucks.
Alright, let's see. Going to Tiger. Oh, let's go to the phones. Phones are lighting up. Why not? Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio. Who's this?
Hey. Hey. Who's this?
This is Zaku.
Hey, Zaku.
I'm calling for my cell phone.
Are you calling for your cell phone?
I'm calling for my cell phone.
What's up?
Nothing much. I guess I want to bring the fact that E3, the way we know E3, may not be the same this year.
What makes you say that?
Hello?
What makes you say that?
Yeah. Well, because of the recent article that was published where the notable figures such as THQ, Nintendo, even Sega are not even present this year.
So it's kind of like a scare piece in the sense that the lack of these developers are actually going to be a much more lackluster E3 this year.
Do you think a lot of developers are starting to realize, and publishers really, in this age of the internet and everything, maybe they don't need E3?
I mean, I guess I probably beat this subject before, but mobile might be eating at some of these companies, like Nintendo in particular.
Well, and Facebook games.
Zinga's showing for the first time this year.
What was that?
Zinga's showing for the first time this year.
I mean, most of their games, they're going to be all browser-based, but I guess it goes beyond what we typically expect from the developers and the folks that make console games.
I guess it's kind of like branching out from the old guard.
It's an evolutionary shift in gaming.
I don't think consoles will ever die out because there will always be a market for those AAA titles.
However, you're going to see another emerging in the form of casual through either mobile or browser-based.
So this is where, you're right, Zinga and any other smaller mobile publisher can make inroads due to the fact that these heavy hitter developers are no longer showing up this year or sitting out E3.
We've been seeing that develop over the past few years where the casuals are, especially Facebook.
I think, yeah, Facebook and iOS games and Android really to an extent too are just the three that are really gaining steam and have almost made up what is this new platform of sorts.
At least there are two new platforms really.
I would say Facebook and then mobile are just the platforms that now compete with the Vita and the 3DS.
Exactly. I remember mentioning this before, but in a couple of years, the next two to three years, you might actually have parity.
You're going to get to the point where they're going to converge.
Your Vita and your 3DS are going to converge against whatever Apple is offering, whatever is being offered, whatever high-end Android phone will still be out there.
And whatever other platform, you know, scales along.
You know, if you're a parent out there looking to get a portable game console for your kid to shut them up on long car rides or whatever, you've got to admit, you put a Vita next to an iTouch, which is just the iPhone without the phone, and they're about the same price, and yet the games on one are 99 cents.
Right. And even then, it's like when you throw in the iPad in there, you let your kid use your iPad.
That pretty much keeps them distracted at that point.
Ah, but Shadow Next Gen in our chatroom has a good point.
iOS games will never be as good as core games as long as they rely on those virtual controls.
Now, an 11-year-old probably doesn't care, but true for the college gamer and even high school gamer and so forth, they're going to care a little more.
Right. They are. That is true, but, you know, and the way I see it is this.
In the next three years, physical buttons may not be as prevalent in any new platform, as long as they get the tactile feel down to it.
I know it's going to be a growing thing, but think about it.
I mean, the next evolution besides hardware will have to be some sort of virtual control, something that isn't there, but you touch it and it does something.
But it's a lot better. It's either on parity with the hardware button or has more of a natural feeling.
Zaku, before we let you go, what do you think will be the biggest shocker out of E3 this year?
Well, I mean, we use definitely not in the cards. I'm thinking whatever Microsoft has up their sleeve.
And, yeah, not even Sony, I don't even think, because as I said, there isn't a lot of buzz going around of, you know, what actually might steal a show at E3.
It could be some other browser-based developer. It could be a mobile developer creating something for multiple platforms that will create a hit.
Like Rovio, for example, they're trying to branch out beyond Angry Birds, create a new franchise.
So, you know, that might be something as an example, but think if Microsoft might have something up their sleeve.
I wouldn't put it past me that they're actually going to reveal the success to 360 or at least hate to it.
We'll see. That's a pie-in-the-sky idea, but we'll see.
All right, Zaku, I'm going to let you go. Take care, buddy, okay?
All right, have a good one.
You got it. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to try and get through here in the last minute or so.
One story I wanted to read real quick from Tigerclaw on Twitter. I missed this story earlier in the show, but GameStop apparently cutting down on PSP games.
A quarter of the stores will no longer sell PSP games. Please note that's not the PlayStation Vita, that's PSP.
So this shouldn't be too big of a surprise, as obviously the Vita is now rolling into probably a lot of that old shelf space.
Not really any more PSP games coming out anyways.
That's right, so that's kind of on its way out. I would still think there'd be a demand for used games, somewhat.
Yeah, but it's going to be a lot smaller. They can shrink that down.
Right, and they didn't get rid of all the stores, just a quarter of them, so I imagine some of the little stores.
The bigger locations will still carry PSP games as well as the website GameStop.com.
So chances are if the GameStop near you is small and doesn't have a lot of shelf space, they were probably one of the 25% that got rid of them.
Alright, it doesn't look like our phone line's lighting up, and it's getting to be about 9 o'clock here on the West Coast, so I'm going to go ahead and close that up.
And we need to get to listless results. You guys ready for listless results? Because it was very interesting tonight.
Let's do it.
Let's get to them.
We had quite the tie tonight. We have a two-way tie for first place in listless, and we have a two-way tie for what would essentially be third place.
Because, you know, when you have a two-way tie for first place, it's first and second, and then you have a two-way tie for third place.
So you have the top four answers tonight.
Fun.
Alright, so here they are as voted by the listeners. Your number tied for number three, new F-Zero game, and new Mario Paint.
There you go. Those are the number three things you most want to see on the new 3DS, or excuse me, the new Wii U that will make you go pre-order it that day.
A new F-Zero game and a new Mario Paint.
Here is the number one answer. We had two answers tie for number one.
The tablet controller is actually a tablet. Good luck with that, you guys.
I know, it's like a never happens.
And lastly, Mario Kart with track editor is number one.
Double win for more.
Look at that, a double win for Loki. Has that ever happened in the history of list? I don't know.
So there it is. Number one tied, Mario Kart with track editor. Tablet controller is actually a tablet.
And number three tied, new F-Zero game and new Mario Paint. Crazy ties tonight.
But the fans have spoken. Mario Kart, Mario Paint, F-Zero. Bring them. And a free tablet.
Well that is going to wrap up another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into this whole episode and staying with us, especially the live listeners who have stuck with us through all these disconnects all night.
I really appreciate you guys staying with us. I don't know what's causing that.
We'll have to see what we can do about next week, make sure all the porn torrents are off.
Let's go around and of course get everybody's final thought.
We are done with last minute news, right?
Yes.
I forgot to ask if you had anything else.
So let's go around and get everybody's final thought tonight.
My final thought tonight is, I would like to be less Flemmy, please.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight.
And last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight.
Four words. Robot, unicorn, attack, evolution.
Yes.
Oh dear.
Robot panda, or unit panda, uni-wolf, unit dragon.
Oh dear.
All right. Thank you guys, all you guys that stayed up late with us listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We really appreciate it.
Hey, it's a free show. If you like what you heard, all we ask, tell a friend or tell a friend or two about our show.
Even your imaginary friend.
That's right. Tell them too.
And then tune in twice.
And tell them also, not just about our show, but the VOG Network, the Voice of Geeks Network at vognetwork.com.
Lots of exciting stuff coming over the next few weeks.
Again, we don't have a big website or millions of dollars, you know, funding advertisements or whatever.
We just have word of mouth and we appreciate every recommendation you guys give.
iTunes reviews and website reviews and forum signatures and all that, those help a lot too.
Please spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio and the VOG Network.
That is too fucking cute.
What are you looking at?
The panda. Robot panda attack.
Makes great radio, just saying.
All right, have a wonderful night everybody. We'll see you next week.
And again, happy Mother's Day to all the mommies.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
