I played Rogue.
I don't know how I got it.
Maybe BBS downloads.
Yes, I'm old.
Rogue occupies a similar space as Doom.
Plenty of things replicated it, iterated on it, improved it, and its name turned into less of the game, but its conventions and meanings.
Like Doom, Rogue is back!
At least, the Amiga port is.
Now on the Switch.
I do miss the ASCII, though.
This is the Graveyard Intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back once again tonight, July 21st of 2024 with the 1011th, 11th, 11th?
1,000... It's almost a tongue twister.
These numbers are getting so high, it's a tongue twister.
The 1,011th episode of our show.
When I can talk correctly, my name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joined each and every week, you hear over there, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, how are you doing?
Frustrated.
Yeah, I know.
You're having camera issues tonight, so we have the static picture of one of your VTubes until we get the real thing back.
I do not know what's going on with my virtual cam, but I was trying to open it with Mac Family Tree.
I have no idea what's going on here.
I'm going to try to fix this business.
See, and here I thought Macs and Windows 3.1 was immune from everything that happened on Friday.
You and Southwest Airlines.
This has nothing to do with what happened on Friday.
This is just a completely different thing where it's set to open with the wrong...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I, you know, I've just had a month between the leg injury I talked about on the show previously and then I got really sick.
I had a really, really bad sore throat and get this, it went from being a sore throat to pink eye, like really bad viral, not bacterial, so eye drops didn't do anything, pink eye.
And then went from that to like all these other symptoms that just suck.
The weird thing
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and I was feeling like 99% yesterday so really recovery couldn't come soon enough.
Was it COVID?
I don't know.
We'll never know.
I kind of feel like everything is COVID now especially when it's unexplainable symptoms that manifest in strange ways so...
It didn't matter.
I didn't go anywhere.
I was homebound for two days.
My poor Pikmin were not getting walked in Pikmin Bloom.
My Pokemon were not getting caught.
GoFest?
I don't know her.
I didn't do Pokemon GoFest this year at all.
I caught two Pokemon from my bed.
That's all I did.
So it was an adventure.
That's for damn sure.
Anyway.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Ironically, it's really good that I did not have plane tickets to go to Atlanta when I was sick.
So everything happens for a reason, I suppose.
But hopefully I'll be able to go next year or something.
I'd love to get back.
It's just, you know, DragonCon's going to happen every year.
It's hard to justify a second trip outside of that unless, like, your friend's getting married.
That's an easy one to justify.
Otherwise, convention, you know, it just kind of depends on what's going on.
So maybe every other year for that.
We'll see.
But hello to those of you in chat.
I always appreciate seeing your shining faces over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network where we tape live.
Let's see.
DJ Ranma S gives me a please know when I bring up what happened on Friday.
Sorry.
Thoughts and prayers, Ranma.
Thoughts and prayers.
Phil of Nine in chat says, protect yourself, Rob.
We're elderly now.
Yes.
Yes, we are.
There sure is.
So anyway, Rin Mari in chat says, TBH, I'm a little less hype for California Extreme because the usual providers for the rhythm games and shmups aren't going.
So I'll just have to enjoy pin and ball torture.
I've never heard of it called pin and ball torture, but I love that.
But DarkSakura, you are planning on a trip to California Extreme next weekend, right?
I am.
Yeah, that'll be fun.
A Bathtub A Bathtub
staying in a hotel with bathtub having the giant hotel bed the bathtub no the bathtub specifically because you know what my bathtub situation is like oh yeah yeah you're it's your cat yeah it's the cat the cat box lives in it yeah because it's the only room we have for it because a certain somebody will let me put a cat door on the laundry room door mm-hmm
So, um, and, uh, Rin, if you're going to be there, I mean, you can hang out at our hotel room.
I think I saw Orange Rites going too.
So, uh, there's a, there's a VOG party in DarkSakura's bathtub.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
No, but other than that, I really hope there's, um, a Nilton John.
Yes, I was seeing that pinball.
That was the first time I saw that pinball table was in the video footage Bobby was sharing on his show tonight.
That table looks fabulous.
That was like a great table.
But... Sorry, it's Dan that's being resistant.
But anyway...
I've played it before, I played it at California Extreme Not California Extreme, oh my god And by the way, I'm sorry if I'm messing up words I had a 12 hour subathon yesterday And my brain is broken and I just took migraine meds So if I'm out of it, that is why I am medicated to the eyeballs Anyway
yeah I want to see if they have the candy cabs there like Rin is saying because I want to play the shmups that I'm no good at plus there was a Sonic the Fighters there and I really had a lot of fun playing that and trashing whoever it was that was sitting on the opposite side of me that I couldn't see also
Just a few games in particular that I really hope to see.
I mean, there's all the ones that we see all the time anyway.
But I would like to... I think I might try to remember to bring some plug-in headphones so I can actually hear playing Beatmania.
And then...
I also... I need to get a new EMUs card, I think.
Or find my EMUs card, I should rather say.
And then... There's some other games that I would just like to see.
Some more Neo Geo stuff.
I've been having the wild urge to play Polestar and Blazing Star.
I mean, if I could find the cartridges for it, hell yeah, I'd be down.
I'd like to play Last Blade if they have one like Last Blade 2 in an arcade because I haven't played one of those in a while and if there's a Radiant Silvergun sign me the fuck up because last time I played that in an arcade was a DDR Freak trip to Las Vegas when we stayed at the Bellagio Fancy
No, I wasn't invited, but yes, I heard about the trip.
Well, you weren't a moderator.
I wasn't a moderator.
No, I was a flashy foot, but I wasn't a moderator.
Yeah.
But just a few things I think would be fun to play.
I apologize for the Windows startup noise.
I do not know how to turn off the sound alerts for my personal feed when we're doing this, so I apologize for that.
Windows, ugh.
I know.
I gave you a Mac!
Well, I didn't.
I enabled you to get a Mac.
It's kind of dated at this point, but yes.
Well, I mean.
Anyway.
And it was, you know, it was funny, all of, oh god, I can't say it without revealing anything, but a bunch of us in my group work on Macs.
And none of us knew what was going on until someone had actually checked CNN.
And we're like, oh, we didn't notice anything.
It was kind of funny.
and that is that the price of Xbox Game Pass is going to be changing.
And it's interesting because we knew that this was kind of rumored when we heard that Call of Duty, the big Activision title that Microsoft bought, Activision Blizzard,
Call of Duty Game Pass
That's going to go up from $17 a month to $20 a month.
And that's going to start, if you're new, that pricing already has taken effect.
It started back in July, the day after the email, or back on July 10th, the day after the email.
If you are not new or new, you're recurring, then that price is going to kick in in September.
But where this gets really weird is that there's going to be all of these other changes.
So
If this Xbox Ultimate doesn't work for you, then you can go to Xbox Game Pass for console, which is cheaper, but it doesn't have PC games and it doesn't have EA Play games, and that will be just $15 a month.
Game Pass Ultimate, Game Pass Console, Game Pass PC, Game Pass Standard
Game Pass for Matching Service, Game Pass EX2, The Vampire Hunter
Game Pass prepaid cards beyond 13 months.
So those of you that would stack the deal for like three years, five years at a time, and I know a lot of you did that some time ago, you can't do that anymore.
They're getting rid of that.
PC Game Pass, also getting price increase from $10 to $12.
Game Pass Core, which is another thing, which was originally Xbox Live Gold, which comes with a
But it still allows you to play the Xbox games online That goes up from $60 to $75 Messy, messy, messy, messy, messy And it doesn't make sense
and so I think this is a really silly plan for Xbox when they're trying to lean into more and more people being on the Game Pass platform and we're even hearing rumors and again they're rumors they should be taken with a grain of salt but that Microsoft plans to de-emphasize console sales in Europe in favor of Game Pass sales.
which is a little weird to me because the one decent way to deliver Game Pass sales is via a console so if you are de-emphasizing the console then that tells me you're only interested in emphasizing PC Game Pass which quite frankly at this point I'm thinking I'm going to switch to
within all this.
I'm right now a Game Pass Ultimate subscriber, but I so rarely use my Xbox Series X, and with this price increase and everything, I'm kind of having to re-evaluate this, going, is this really worth it?
And honestly, no.
I pretty much only play stuff on PC Game Pass at this point.
If that.
I mean, I still use No Man's Sky, and I do check out things on PC Game Pass once in a while.
I would still think it'd be valuable for me to keep that, but...
This is way too confusing, Microsoft.
This has to be cleaned up.
You know, it was bad enough that we have the Series S and the Series X and all this.
You've got to break it down for the audience.
You've got to do things like...
Sure, you want to do like gold, silver, bronze or platinum, silver, gold, platinum.
Sure, people generally kind of understand that sort of thing.
Or, you know, you want to do different tiers or like with A, B, C tier, 1, 2, 3 tier, something like that.
That would make a lot more sense.
But Ultimate, Console, PC, Core, Standard, it's too much.
This doesn't make sense.
DarkSakura, you don't use Game Pass at all, right?
Nope.
So what the hell, right?
Right.
Well, and then there's the cloud thing too, but I think that's just kind of... Some of those Game Pass I mentioned, I couldn't tell you which ones also include the cloud gaming, which is a thing.
I think that it's a big clusterfuck.
It is a big clusterfuck.
Clawstorm in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, Game Pass doesn't seem good for indie devs.
Microsoft wants to cast a giant net over the budget consumer market by using their massive capital to offer $60 games for free.
Who's gonna buy a $5 unproven game when 100 AAA titles are under the Monopoly subscription umbrella?
You know, Clawstorm, though, I've actually heard that Game Pass is actually pretty good for elevating a lot of indie games because if you, like, look at what's on the service now and look how many day one games they're really offering right now.
It isn't as many as you'd think.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and there have been some interesting studies that have been done that show that even if somebody isn't buying a game on Game Pass per se, their friend will buy it because of word of mouth from that person who originally bought it.
So I think for some indie devs, the ones that get in on Game Pass, it does actually work out pretty well.
Keep in mind, a lot of those games only stay on the service for a year
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but I do understand what you're saying about the whole like when you have a buffet of games available for free are you going to be tempted to buy five dollar games but I do think the marketplace has shown there has been room again for some success now you know because I could bring games like Stardew Valley or Vampire Survivors or Among Us that were very cheap very big games but
but I also realized for every one of those games I named there are a thousand indie games that don't get discovered at all so I'm not going to say your point is without merit but I'm not sure that I would go so far as to say that Game Pass is necessarily bad for indie devs
Clawstorm says, this is true as long as you agree to join the Microsoft side.
Agree or disappear is how I see it as an indie dev myself.
Great point though.
Fair enough.
Let's see.
Rinmari says, I kind of have a bone to pick with vampire survivors.
I'm a little bit curious more about that.
Unless that's a pun because like Bone, Castlevania, I'll forget it.
SG100Matt says,
That's a really good point.
And maybe, you know, especially when you consider the Costco discount, which I like to kind of put out there and, you know, I'm not a shill for Costco, but if I hear of another store doing something similar, I will happily promote it as well.
But if you go to Costco, you can get $100 worth of Xbox cards for $90.
So you're saving a little bit right there, and then you use that to buy the stacking, and there you go.
You can kind of, you know, stretch the savings a little bit further.
So something to think about.
I see Renmari on Vampire Survivor says, It was the centerpiece of Steam's Shmup Fest, which showcased a lot of games that were not conventional shmups, while games that were genuinely shmups got rejected for not apparently representing the genre, such as Terra Flame.
Interesting.
I was not aware of the whole Steam thing.
All of that stuff going on there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
when said big company is led by Bobby Kotick, one of the most toxic individuals in the entire gaming industry.
Growl.
Yeah, bark, bark, bark.
This needed to happen.
So I kind of am like, FTC, investigate Bobby Kotick or back off.
Like, that's where you need to be looking.
So I kind of let this go.
But now the FTC is back and I'm a little bit like, okay, I'm kind of curious where this leads.
So
The FTC has come out and said they wrote in a letter to the U.S.
appeals court and said this is, quote, exactly the sort of consumer harm that they were worried about with the Activision acquisition.
So this is going to the U.S.
appeals court.
And now this letter is talking about the price hike.
and points out about the $3 price increase and so forth.
There's a whole letter that's out there if you want to read.
It's very interesting.
It's kind of short.
For a legal document, it's pretty short.
It's only two pages, but they say as part of this, Microsoft's price increases and product degradation combined with Microsoft's reduced investments and output and product quality via employee layoffs.
are the hallmarks of a firm exercising market power post-merger.
Uh-oh.
Microsoft's post merger actions thus vindicate the congressional design of preliminary halting mergers to fully evaluate their likely competitive effects and judicial skepticism of promises inconsistent with a firm's economic incentives.
This could get very interesting because when you look at that letter and that phrasing and the fact they bring in the receipts, they're saying Microsoft testified, COD available, no price increase.
Those receipts are there.
But at the same time, what the fuck can they realistically do at this point?
People have been laid off and found new jobs.
I mean, if you want to get technical, can the government come in and split up a company?
Yes, they can.
Could the government come in and split up Microsoft by force?
Yes, they could.
Would it be pretty?
If they can prove there's a hard monopoly.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Get your popcorn.
This could be good.
I don't know.
I try to do the predicting and forecasting a lot on here, but when it comes to the government, I can't fucking predict shit.
Especially on today, July 21st, 2024.
I'm done trying to predict what the fuck's going on in this country anymore.
I'm done.
I just need to sit back.
I need to just let them do their thing and let me know when to come back and take a look.
Yeah, that's where I'm at.
That's where I'm at.
Anyway, so that's kind of the new thing that happened this week is the FTC getting on board.
So this is not over.
This is far from being over.
So we'll see what happens next.
All right, let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing this week, whether it was Call of Duty or through Xbox Game Pass or not.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I had experiences this week not just having to do with my subathon which I will get to that in a second because I know you want to know about the fork and the knife not necessarily a plate the bowl and the spoon just saying or the sippy cup that's right I want to know about Ariana Grande's adventures in Fortnite well that outfit I showed you I actually bought today because it's the one I wish I could have bought yesterday so you played Fortnite again today
No, I just loaded it up long enough to get the outfit and then lug out.
But I did play for... Okay, I'll just get to it.
Fuck.
All right.
I played a lot of fucking Dead by Daylight yesterday.
If we've learned anything today, folks, bullying works.
Just kidding.
I never bully people.
I'm just joking.
But I'm saying that very tongue, very firmly planted in cheek.
Played four games of Fortnite.
Okay.
I played with Ryan, who is Shayla's boyfriend.
And I played with my friend Smokey, another one of my DVD buddies.
And we did four matches.
We won three of them.
I have learned that I love sniping.
I like to be up in high places and look down upon my enemies as I rain death.
We also had a bus.
Tracks.
I said tracks we also managed to get a murder bus which we killed all the NPCs to acquire and I was blowing up buildings and that was pretty funny
and blowing up people at point-blank range with a grenade launcher.
That was also really fun.
It brought out the worst in me and I was very happy to have that outlet.
It was a lot of fun.
It was a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
I didn't really start off motion sick.
I got a little headachy after a few games.
Sorry, it's the meds.
So, um, yeah, it was, uh, it was, uh, pretty, pretty fun, I'll admit, and it was a redeem from Last Subathon.
so I got it out of my system and who knows I might play it again but not unless I have other people to play with I bought the Kitane character the first time I made my account and everything and then when I went in yesterday there was this Ariana Grande skin that had this fucking dragon armor and I'm like, bitch
I am hot as fuck in this fucking dragon armor for fuck's sake so I have the dragon armor and then I bought the other outfit I guess it was her first one but it has these crystals and shit on it in the dark mode or something and I'm like, I like this too so I have that and it's really funny to watch her with a guitar rocking out to Master of Puppets
because I did buy the Master of Puppets emote.
So it was hilarious.
And what was funny is that all three of us had it.
So we were like a three-person band because it's one of those four-people emotes.
So all of us were doing the Master of Puppets thing.
We had our guitar, our bass, and a drummer.
We just didn't have our lead.
I would really love to do a Clueless Fortnite stream with you, because I don't know what the fuck I'm doing in that game.
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing either.
Exactly, Clueless Fortnite.
I know Fortnite Festival, that I can do, and Fortnite Lego, but Battle Royale, I'd love to play just for the lols, to be honest.
I want to try the Lego mode and there's also there's like a fuck ton of modes like there's like RP modes and exploration modes and escape rooms and all kinds of shit they go they go to fucking town man town and uh but I did actually get like three songs for uh for festival yeah so uh do you want to guess what they are
I haven't seen the song update list in a long time, so I would really have to guess.
So I've got my Happy Driving song.
Are any of them Gaga songs?
Yes.
Yay, then you picked correctly.
Good job.
You want to guess which one?
It's my favorite Gaga song.
And it's not Shiza.
So Happy I Could Die?
No, it's Rain On Me.
Okay, that is a good song.
So I have Rain On Me, I have Into You, because that was the only Ariana Grande song on there that I thought was really, that I really liked the best.
I like that song too.
And then, although I would like No Tears Left To Cry, because that actually is my favorite Ariana Grande song.
Actually, I take that back.
Focus is my favorite.
I love the new one that sounds like a Robin song.
It sounds just like a Robin song.
I'll have to check it out.
I can't even remember the name of the song.
Okay.
because I'm old and I don't know new music anymore.
Stop it!
You're not allowed to say that because then that means I'm older.
And then I have BTS Dynamite because that's like the one BTS song I like and it makes me happy.
That's it.
Thank you, Garth.
We can't be friends.
That's the one.
Okay.
It's nice to know that Garth the Wolf will be bringing me meals when I'm too old.
Rob, stop!
That's it.
We Can't Be Friends is the song I was trying to think of.
Rob, stop it.
No, Brad, you just don't don't don't do not don't dot com slash org for matching service.
Anything else for your game?
Yes, and this is a big something.
And so I cannot say what it was I played.
It was a closed beta.
That's all I can say.
I might tell you privately.
However,
I got to try a tool that incorporates game porting kit for Mac without me having to jump through all the hoops of the developer console and blah blah I mean I've got the developer access and all that I can do all of that but I got an app called Whiskey and I was able to load up my beta software just fine
ran with no fucking problems at all.
And it's W-H-I-S-K-Y and podculture, if you're spelling it that way, you need an H in there.
Just saying.
But it's a great tool.
Basically, it uses sort of like a wine environment and aspects of the game porting kit.
to basically convert all the DirectX stuff to metal.
And it runs the game like it was a fucking native app.
It's so smooth.
I had zero problems.
Interesting.
I'm kind of curious what it was now.
And I tested it on non-beta stuff.
I played What the Fog.
It was perfect.
I also...
have run the app that I use to rip the Dead by Daylight files.
And it runs.
My YouFinder app, it runs.
So...
I'm going to see now if I can use it to get my Dead by Daylight files again so I can go back to my character creation because I'm also in the middle of learning how to take the clothes out of
Blender, like to separate them from the models and then incorporate them into Daz3D so I can make like outfits for Machinima and whatever things that I want to do.
So it's actually really opened a creative door for me that had been closed since I decided to stop paying for Parallels.
And I mean, it'll, it'll
I'll have to try some other apps, like see if I can find some PC-only stuff and give it a go.
I mean, they do have to be 64-bit.
but I might try it on some other games like I'm trying to think I have a bunch of PC games that if they're not on GeForce Experience I can't play them and this is kind of opened me back up this means that Mac gaming is alive and well and can thrive you don't need to have those other resources although I still like my um
my GeForce experience but I'm going to try to see if I can run Dead by Daylight on it and if I can or Fortnite or something else the advantage to GeForce experience means that I don't have to locally install my games
um really quickly before we get to my gaming week um talking about like cloud gaming and dead by daylight and all that stuff i couldn't help but think of you when they announced that finally finally in dead by daylight cross progression is coming and i think it's tomorrow um which means that when i was on stadia all the purchase yeah all the purchases you made on stadia can finally come up except you probably bought most of it again already well they refunded me
Oh, that's right.
They did.
So I had to rebuy them anyway.
Although what was funny is that here I am getting like all these oodles.
And I think some of it was like some of the games, the full games I paid for.
But I got all this money back.
And then I only ended up paying like at the time like $175 for my missing DLC.
But I kept... The thing is that they didn't...
they didn't make me rebuy my cosmetics it was just the DLC interesting yeah the thing that I wish would happen now if it happens to load up all of my achievements fuck yes I'm very curious about that too the first thing I'm going to do is launch it on Playstation and see what happens if my Steam achievements come over I'll be very interested in that
The problem, though, is that, and this is what was explained to me, is that achievements are like for service-based, I guess, since they're all wrapped into that specific service.
So, and on top of that, I mean, I don't know if Google still has any of their Stadia servers active for stuff like that.
Hmm.
so that may be a factor as well I've been busting my ass trying to regain some of them although I need to get back on my hardcore killer playing to get most of the ones that I have I've gotten a bunch more than I had before and I'm actually pretty happy that because I had used free GeForce experience once for when I was linking my Steam version
Way back before I had to move to Steam full-time.
So I linked that and my P350s did sync over.
Interesting.
So I at least have my P350 showing on there, which is, I think, the only legacy achievement that is on there.
I'm curious to see what happens with that cross-progression tomorrow because that's a pretty big deal for that game.
I originally played it, ironically, on Game Pass and so I actually had some DLC that was only on Xbox.
I ended up re-buying it on Steam but I guess I get a certain amount of shards for having the same thing twice.
It'll be interesting to see.
It'll be also interesting just to have all my stuff on PlayStation because I actually like playing the game on PlayStation.
It runs very smooth and the controller is very nice so we'll see.
We'll see.
well I messaged you what it was I played but don't say anything okay of course um let's see my gaming week so um a lot of Final Fantasy 14 of course what else is new because Dawn Trail is still relatively new I did beat Dawn Trail uh recently I think before I guess I talk about it on the show yet because it might have happened the week we didn't end up doing a show but I did beat Dawn Trail
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
is rough I think story-wise the first half of the expansion is rough but once you get into the second half it is incredible especially once again they really knocked it out of the park with the last zone and I think at the end of the day the battle content like the dungeons and all that are very very it's literally the best it's ever been as when you get to the dungeons and the actual battle content which is the stuff you're actually replaying so I'll get I'm gonna give it to them on that
Um, so otherwise it hasn't left me time for a lot of new games.
I've still been doing a little bit of Diablo 4 because I still do want to finish this season, but I did play one brand new game, brand, brand new game.
It's been a while since I've talked about a new Switch game, but that Nintendo World Championship NES edition came out on Friday.
Yeah.
You've been, uh, you're talking about Dan, uh, playing that and I've been playing that as well.
I forgot it came out until I saw Bobby Blackwolf streaming it on Friday.
And I was like, Oh,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It's cute.
It's basically NES Remix.
It really is.
It just doesn't remix anything.
But it's playing the games in short bursts and kind of focusing on the speedrun element.
My only concern is that if they don't refresh these challenges or add to the challenges or do some of these things a little more often, I'm afraid the game is going to wear out its welcome pretty quick.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Over maybe 10 classic NES games each.
A really rough estimate.
That is like, okay, in some games it's... So like for Mario 1, grab the mushroom as fast as you can.
Which is like a 4 second challenge.
Or it might be beat World 1-1 as fast as you can.
Which is a little bit meatier of a challenge.
But still, it's actually only about a 30 second challenge.
I think my time was actually down to like 26 seconds.
Because beating World 1-1, speedrunning it...
You really just... You don't fuck around with mushrooms, coins, or anything.
You go start to finish.
So I do like that they're kind of putting that speedrun element on it, especially when Awesome Games Done Quick and Summer Games Done Quick and those speedrunning sorts of events have such large fanbases and fans that it's been getting speedrunning more popular.
This does feel like it's kind of like a...
Why don't you learn how to speedrun certain elements of games?
Because these challenges start small, but spoiler alert, because I got so many coins from playing some of the... I had to play that gold level challenge over and over and over until I beat it.
Because they do this knockout challenge where it's like, you know, you have eight players, and then you get four players, then you have two players, then you have one.
And then the gold level, it's actually kind of difficult.
It took me several tries to beat it.
But I had so many coins from that,
I unlocked every challenge in Mario Brothers Super Mario Brothers just to see what is the last challenge is the last challenge speedrun the entire fucking game and guess what spoiler alert yes it is the very last challenge is speedrun the entire fucking game
so I wonder and what's interesting is that they actually do like a little help screen that actually you can it it shows you here are some tricks here are where the warp zones are I think everybody knows this by now but maybe maybe not maybe you're one of these gamers that wasn't born yet during the original NES championships as the opening credits of the game it kind of acknowledged that many many Nintendo fans weren't born yet when the first world championships happened
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So I thought that was very interesting.
So I do hope they keep adding to it.
I hope there's a Super Nintendo version at some point, even though that wasn't really part of the original World Championships.
But you know what?
This game has fuck all to do with the original championships.
And it's probably because the Tetris rights are kind of in a weird place.
I'm not sure Nintendo could put out the original NES Tetris again.
Well...
They did the Game Boy version, didn't they?
So maybe they could.
I'm not sure how the rights issues work out.
Well, then Rad Racer was a Square Enix game, so they would need to have Square Enix on board.
But shit, if they could get them on board, it would be fun to do the original cartridge run, if they could do it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Be interesting.
But anyway, that was the other big game I played this week.
DarkSakura, you said you've been kind of watching Dan play a little bit.
Any thoughts from watching Dan?
It's not really my jam.
I don't like...
DarkSakura,
It's cool.
I'll watch people play it and I'm glad they're enjoying it.
It's just not my cup of tea.
Not mine.
That's fair.
Not every video game has to be.
Yeah, I enjoy it and I like that it's not live with other players because it takes a lot of the pressure off, I think.
It's only using ghost recordings.
It's weird to think, are my ghost recordings showing up in other people's games?
That's the weird thing for me to think about.
But what I do, I now have a new dream game.
Okay.
I want it to be called Slow Running.
Where the whole point of it is to get as distracted as humanly possible and find Easter eggs everywhere and break boundaries and find stuff that's behind the thing and just call it rabbit hole.
Okay?
Call it rabbit hole.
That's just Thursday night gaming at my house.
Well, I mean, like the shit I used to do in World of Warcraft.
Yeah, no, I get it, I get it.
Garth the Wolf in chat says, ghost recording like Mario Kart ghosts?
Kind of, yeah, same concept.
Yeah, you're constantly going against ghosts in the World Championship game.
Either it's your own ghost...
Which, you know, when you're kind of grinding the regular base challenges, that's what it is.
Or it's other players' ghosts.
When you're doing like the gold championships and stuff, you're not racing against people live.
You're racing against their ghost recordings.
So they do pull it off pretty well with that considered.
But it's interesting.
So...
I mean, it's only 20 bucks.
And so for that price, I'm like, all right, that's a fine price.
I understand there was a physical edition that was much more money than that.
And that just really depends on as far as I'm concerned, that is your affection for those types of physical products and keepsakes.
If that is for you, then that's going to be the value there.
For me, I have to work on collecting less of that kind of stuff and not more.
So I bypassed the physical version and just got the digital.
So...
Yeah, Garth the Wolf in chat says, Nintendo, while they fail at online implementation most of the time, I appreciate the cute ways they do it sometimes.
That's a good way to sum it up.
It is cute.
I like the cute way they did it here too.
All right.
That's our Gaming Weeks, so let's get into some other gaming news and talk about what few headlines there are this week.
But hey, lucky me, one of our first headlines tonight has to do with a game I play a lot.
I love this game.
It's been going for eight years now.
It's the game No Man's Sky.
And No Man's Sky has just updated with their Worlds Part 1 update.
So in the Worlds Part 1 update, which I love that it's Part 1, which indicates there's going to be another...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
looks phenomenal now it actually looks like water should kind of look like instead of like just like a flat thing it's this almost looks like avatar it's oh it's so good DarkSakura I love this game so much and it's only aged like a real fine wine over the last two years what's that that reminded me of the other thing I played but that was just the new avatar DLC which is gorgeous fair enough so fair enough anyway
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's a brand new expedition that's very bug-inspired.
It's like a Starship Troopers kind of tongue-in-cheek sort of thing.
I actually could kind of give or take the expedition at this point.
I used to be a big fan, but the rewards have kind of dried up a little bit in those expeditions to me.
You actually see a little bit of that in this video right now.
Pew, pew, pew against this giant bug, which this does not look like the same game that came out eight years ago.
It's just wild that they continue to update this game and not charge for it.
But the weather looks great.
There's just a lot that looks really good in this game.
So if you have a dusty old copy of No Man's Sky sitting in there somewhere, you really should check out what they've changed in this game over the years.
It's pretty incredible.
And there's a lot of people out there that are like, honestly, Sean Murray, Hello Games, let us give you money.
and they don't charge for this because I think to some extent they still feel this need to make up for the promises that happened eight years ago.
I think most gamers have forgiven Sean Murray and we see I think the most important thing
is changed behavior, right?
Is that it's one thing to say sorry, but it's another to show changed behavior.
And look at what's happening with Light No Fire.
They have had that initial trailer and they haven't said shit about it since.
And that has changed behavior to me, especially if you look at what happened for No Man's Sky.
Now, we still got a long ways to go until that game is out, but I have this funny feeling at some point they're just going to be like, Light No Fire comes out next week.
Enjoy.
and I'm really excited for it.
And I see some of you in chat are actually going like, yeah, I'm hyped for No Man's Fire.
Yeah, Clawstorm says, excited for Hello Games new title.
Yeah, Garth Wolf says, man, I wish it was more of a game for me because I bounced off it, but visually it looks incredible.
Well, I'm sure it's always willing to welcome you back if you want.
So Fifth Dream says, most of the improvements came last
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't disagree.
However, here's that reverse problem.
With No Man's Sky, we had the developers and Sony hyping up this game a little too much and talking about some things that were there in their minds, like conceptually they were there, but physically they were not there.
And we all know that No Man's Sky launched that way.
It was a little messy.
I didn't hate the game when it first came out, but I didn't buy into the hype.
Very dangerous thing to do, right?
But I love the game now.
They've obviously, you know, it's not fair to look at No Man's Sky under the lens of like eight years ago.
It's a very, very, very different thing now.
What I mean by the opposite problem and with that comment that Clawstorm said is that we need to be careful.
So the change behavior is that Sean Murray is now shutting the fuck up and not hyping this game beyond his control.
We need to be careful to not do that.
We need to not hype this game up beyond control.
So we're just going to
We're going to give our golf applause at the trailer and go, yes, that is a lovely trailer for Light No Fire.
Yes, very well splendid indeed.
I can't wait to see what you all come up with.
And then we all need to do them a big favor and shut the fuck up until the game comes out and just allow the experience to be what it is.
I say that very tongue-in-cheek.
Of course, you're allowed to talk about it and so forth, but I'm just saying we just need to be careful about the hype machine, not to fill in for what Sean Murray is not doing this time.
Ooh, I love the way QuestBuster phrases this.
It was as wide as an ocean, but as shallow as a puddle on lunch.
On lunch.
God damn it.
A bitch is hungry, okay?
It was as wide... Let's start again.
QuestBuster says, It was as wide as an ocean, but as shallow as a puddle on launch.
I didn't hate them for it, but disappointed there wasn't more, especially after getting to the center of the galaxy and getting New Game+.
Yeah.
But obviously, eight years, a lot has fucking changed.
If you haven't visited No Man's Sky in a long time...
Fucking do it.
You really owe it to yourself to do it.
It's on Game Pass, by the way.
And I think it's on just about every configuration of Game Pass there is, save the maybe the basic core one.
So, you know, if you're a Game Pass person, it's there.
I think it's on PlayStation Plus as well.
I think.
Don't quote me on that.
But yeah, there's going to be a lot of ways to check that out.
Or it's on sale all the time for 20 bucks on one of the storefronts.
So keep an eye out.
If it's not 20 bucks yet, it will be.
Wait for the next sale.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's talk about, this is exciting news as well, right, DarkSakura?
Yes.
What's more exciting, this news or the cookie that you're currently eating?
I'm not eating a cookie, I'm eating a burger.
Oh, even better.
I need meat.
I thought you were just going to talk a whole bunch more.
No, I've said enough.
But I will say this.
Clawstorm in chat says on sale right now on Steam for $24.
So there you go.
That's a pretty good price.
I've had the game for like ever and I haven't even...
Good, good.
Orange on Studio.
Next story.
There's good news.
Bethesda, their workers have come together.
241 developers, artists, engineers, programmers, designers and they have either signed a union authorization card or indicated that they wanted union representation via an online portal and Microsoft recognized it.
so they are they're unioned they've come together for collective bargaining and I think that that's wonderful there's not a whole bunch more about it um but this is good news we're seeing they're they're joining the communication workers of America yay we need more we need more
Yeah it's uh you know especially that we're hearing now more of these bigger studios are trying to like Bethesda that's a pretty big deal um so I think we're really just going to see more and more of this uh this is this is a train that is not going to be able to be stopped in the industry uh and I think a lot of you know and Microsoft kind of is accepted this uh I think at this point so I'm glad it sort of enables Bethesda to be able to do this this is good so.
Clawstorm in chat says Vault 124 is going to be filled with Bethesda employees that unionized.
No.
But they... But I mean, if you think about like there's ZeniMax and TenderClaws and Sega and Blizzard and all kinds.
So I'm really happy to see that people are pushing this forward and I'm hoping to see...
See it widespread, not just in video games, but in tech in general.
Yeah, no, good thing, good thing.
All right.
Well, speaking of other Microsoft studios, and you mentioned Blizzard in there, some big news on another game that I follow quite a bit, which is Diablo 4, a game that has really just been also been aging pretty well in its short span.
Although I think a lot of us are still kind of like, does it need an expansion just one year after the release of the original game?
But there's a lot of interesting things coming.
And of course, I mean, is it a question if I'm going to buy it?
Of course, I'm going to buy it.
Maybe I'm the problem.
But
This new class that they're adding into the game does look pretty cool.
It's called the Spiritborn.
And some are saying it's a little bit of Diablo 3's Monk meets Diablo 3's Witch Doctor, which sounds like fun to me.
The Spiritborn was unveiled this week.
Now, I should clarify, we knew the Spiritborn was coming from the original launch trailer.
We just know what it is and how it plays now.
and so the detail we got is that it is a dexterity driven class and it uses spirit guardians four of them and you can use those powers in combat there's a jaguar with fire damage there's an eagle with lightning damage the gorilla gives defensive power survivability and a centipede gives you poison and fear skills for like crowd control to make things run away and stuff like that
Class Designer Bjorn Mikkelsen said in a livestream that happened this last week that Spiritborn is the fastest and most aggressive class.
So you just do a lot of burst damage with pole arms, quarterstaffs, and all this good stuff.
So, yeah, it sounds like it's a pretty interesting class.
We also know that Diablo 4's Vessel of Hatred expansion will be launching on October 8th.
The regular edition will be $40, but if you want to spend more money on it...
You certainly can.
They're happy to take your money.
I think there's like a $100 edition out there and much more.
So check that out if that's of interest to you.
Anyway, but yeah, the Spiritborn coming to Diablo 4 in October.
October's really not that far away if you think about it, right?
Because we're at the end of July.
It's already spooky season.
What are you talking about?
That's right.
Once the 4th of July is over, spooky season begins.
That's it.
Yep.
Where's my pumpkin spice latte?
Any day now.
Pumpkin Spice is so passe I bet Duncan rolls out Pumpkin Spice in about two weeks They are almost always like early August now with the Pumpkin Spice Boring Starbies will be the week before DragonCon
that's usually when Starbees rolls it out because usually I enjoy for the last like five years I have enjoyed my first pumpkin spice latte at Dragon Con at the Starbees at Dragon Con there used to be a Starbees at America Mart right there but they closed that one after or at least in the last year it disappeared it wasn't there last year or so but I think I think one of the hotels has a Starbees because I still remember getting my pumpkin spice latte for the first time at Dragon Con last year so you know what I want hmm
I want a pumpkin latte not spice because it's not pumpkin it's just the spices in it I want pumpkin cream like they had at Disneyland I could dip my churros in actual legit pumpkin cream and it tasted like pumpkin and not pumpkin spice
All this sugar I'm not supposed to have.
Pumpkin's actually really good for you.
I know, I know.
If you just eat pumpkin as it is.
I love roasted pumpkin.
But anyway, that's a different story.
That's a different story.
Speaking of a different story, DarkSakura, EVO was happening this weekend.
Yeah, I forgot about EVO.
We got a little fighting game news, though.
I think this is exciting.
I was thinking you might, too.
We did.
A couple of things.
But the big one is SNK versus Capcom SVC Chaos.
Yes.
is being re-released for PS4, for Switch, and Steam.
And it looks like you can get it right now.
It's a fun fighting game, although it doesn't have the Marvel vs. Capcom 2 delight that is Let Me Take You for a Ride.
Just saying.
And, well, also they announced Fatal Fury City of the Wolves.
Hmm.
so that's cool I wonder where they're going with the story in that um but of course we know the original SNK versus Capcom came out on Neo Geo Pocket Color yep so I think it's going to be great you know they're
We're also seeing that Mai and Terry Bogard are being released in Street Fighter 6 for Season 2 with Bison and Elena.
Where's my Sakura, dammit?
I want her to be in her gym teacher outfit from the end of Street Fighter Alpha 2 and yeah I think it's Vice Immature also DLC characters for King of Fighters 15 and I see something on here but I'm not sure what this came from but
Athena from the game Athena not from Psycho Soldier so not like King of Fighters original Athena but the original original Athena that was in the game of the same name old school NES game maybe that's being added for SNK vs. Capcom possibly but anyway I think it's going to be fun I might have to look into it now that I have means of playing it
I am in lockstep with Dark Tatsuya's comment over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network who says I wasn't as big on Chaos as I am CVS2 but for 20 bucks I'll consider revisiting it I'm there like this isn't if this was Capcom vs SNK 2 I would be gay screaming flailing crying throwing up all of it I'd be going through all those emotions right now you know what I want them to do but SVC Chaos is okay okay I'm here for that you know what I want them to do hmm
I want them to just release a game called Ultimate Versus.
And it has everyone.
You just want Mugen?
No, I would rather have something that's actually polished and balanced.
Because then I can get my Tatsunoko characters where I can play them on something that I don't have to look to dig out of a box and hook up.
Yeah.
Bonds006 and DJ Ranma S in chat both echo we all would be in regards to my reaction to CBS 2 News you know what fam I appreciate you all I feel like I feel like I have a new idea for an Orange Knowledge Radio shirt are you ready are you ready screaming flailing crying throwing up together Orange Knowledge Radio we'll see that's my shirt idea
We'll see.
Alright.
I have ideas for other shirts.
Some people would probably take issue with throwing up on there because, you know, some people have a very big aversion to that, but I hope people understand.
It's supposed to be an over-the-top reaction because, I mean, look, if you want to see the literal interpretation of screaming, flailing, crying, throwing up together, go look at
whenever they do a Nintendo Direct at the Nintendo World Store.
Like, go look at when they announced, I want to say it was the original release, or the original announcement of Ultimate Smash Bros.
When they originally announced that, the Everybody Is Here trailer, go look at the reaction trailer at the Nintendo World Store when that was shown.
Yeah, exactly.
DJ Ranma S says that one kid who passed out.
Exactly.
That is screaming, flailing, crying, throwing up.
That is the physical manifestation of that.
I still have another idea for sure, by the way.
Oh, what's that?
It's Money Can't Buy You Love, but it can buy DBD DLC.
Or DBD Cosmetics.
That's a pretty good one.
It can buy in-game cosmetics.
If you say in-game cosmetics, it's a little more universal.
That's it.
I can't dress myself, but I can dress my characters.
Moving on, let's talk about this.
Kind of a reminder, really, from us to you here at OLR.
The Xbox 360 digital store is closing on July 29th.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
on the Xbox 360 and you know that that one is backwards compatible and all that good stuff so you can see but I'm also like if you don't own Skyrim at this point one way or another like shocked emoji Pikachu shocked emoji if you do not have Skyrim somehow some way at this point but if you have to remedy that you can get that for $4.49 there's other games that are like a buck right now so there's a huge sale going on on Microsoft it might be worth checking out if nothing else
Something you can get for free.
There is a brand new dynamic background for your Xbox Series X or Xbox One that has the original Blades user interface from the Xbox 360 era.
But don't get it twisted.
It's not going to actually turn your Xbox into looking, acting like the Xbox 360.
It's just going to show the Blades on the side and have that same kind of look to it.
But the feel...
Ain't gonna be it.
But it's one last little hurrah if you like to remember your Xbox 360 that way.
Because remember, the blades didn't even last the entire life of the 360.
They changed that somewhere along the way.
So it is kind of nice that they're kind of remembering that there.
DJ Ranma S is pointing out, I just picked up Oni Chambara for $2.99.
Wow.
That's a deal.
All right.
Well, a lot of you are going to be picking up classic games this week on the Xbox 360 big everything must go sale digitally.
But let's take a trip down memory lane in this next segment we like to do every week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's roll the bumper.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And DarkSakura, you've got to explain this game of the week because as I understand it, basketball is dead?
Dead, dead, dead, dead and banned.
The game is called... Are you ready?
Yes.
Everybody, can you even handle what this game is called?
I'm ready.
Barkley Shut Up and Jam Gaiden.
It is a freeware roleplay game that was developed by Tales of Games Studio and presented as a joke.
Shayla, hi!
Anyway, jokingly, as an official sequel to both Barclay's Shut Up and Jam and Space Jam, and it uses JRPG-style battles, and you go through dungeons and everything, and yay!
Anyway, let's start at the story.
So the story is that it's in 2041 with a post-cyberpocalyptic Neo-New York.
That's quotes.
Charles Barkley performs a powerful chaos dunk at a basketball game and kills most of everybody in attendance.
And so basketball becomes outlawed and many basketball players are hunted down and killed.
and then in 2053 another chaos dunk happens in Manhattan and millions die and they all blame Charles Barkley.
So he's being hunted by the B-Ball removal unit led by Michael Jordan.
He is rescued by another outlaw called the Ultimate Hellbane and they go to the tomb of LeBron James and it gets weirder from there.
Yeah, yeah, weird, weird, weird, weird.
Anyway, it uses a battle system called the Baby System, B-A-B-B-Y, that is influenced by a bunch of JRPGs.
How is Babi formed?
How is Babi formed?
Clawstorm says, what in tarnation?
And I'm like, yeah.
So enemies will appear on a field and may run at you and attack if you move into their line of sight.
Kind of, I guess, Chrono Trigger-like, to be honest.
But once the battle is initiated, you have a number of attacks and skills you can use.
And they're done kind of like a Mario RPG where they're timed or multiple button presses and accuracy gets you more hits.
But yeah.
Yeah.
This game is fucking weird.
Like, I knew it existed, but I...
This is the first time I decided to dust it off and bring it out.
And it is a freeware game, so like, yeah.
So, at any rate, it was developed by Tales of Games Studios.
It was different members from an amateur game development forum.
And they were inspired after there was an awkward phrase on Michael Jordan's Wikipedia page about
whether or not Space Jam is canon.
Yeah.
Yes, it's canon.
They were considering like a Looney Tunes series or for Michael Jordan's life.
And there were certain members that said, you know, let's just make a game about it.
And they developed it in RPG Maker 2003.
Their names are great because it's Chef Boyardee, Bort, Jeezy, and QuackGyver.
but after they developed it in RPG Maker they ported it to Game Maker 6.1 and they were going to release it in both formats but they did it in Game Maker 6.1 because it had more power and flexibility and at the 2014 Awesome Games Done Quick the developers had stated they never played the original Shut Up and Jam and just brainstormed ideas for an RPG that made them laugh
There was a sequel that they had announced in November 2012 that was since cancelled.
It's called The Magical Realms of Ternanog, Escape from Necron 7, Revenge of Kukolin, The Official Game of the Movie, Chapter 2 of the Hoops Barkley Saga.
That's the name.
And it had a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter.
They were...
they raised $120,335 by December 28th that year and it was gonna keep the self-aware tone they were doing all the artwork from scratch and then a bunch of people left the project and then the game was cancelled in June 2021 and they just released the source code to the public and that's it
That is Barkley's Shut Up and Jam Gaiden, the RPG.
It is available for Windows and Mac OS X. I don't know if it's going to run on any of the modern versions, given that it's probably 32-bit.
All right.
Love it.
Great pick tonight, DarkSakura.
Thank you for that.
Love a very random indie sort of title.
It's great.
Great, great, great.
V-O-G Network.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Bob Newhart, Richard Simmons, Dr. Ruth, Shannon Doherty, Cancer, Bitch
Shelly Duvall, absolutely, Diabetes Which, yeah, which hits a little too close to home But Shelly Duvall also, Fairytale Theater That's who I'm always going to remember Shelly Duvall from Yeah, Fairytale Theater I just keep thinking of, and Popeye has come up in like various different things over and over I need to watch that movie again now that I'm an adult The last time, I actually saw that movie on the big screen years and years ago Years ago
um so yeah because the the theater the 99 cent theater because that's what it was back then uh would show random kids movies today no we are uh sunrise there was a small ass little place in Roseville and I it may even predate when you moved to California but it was called Harding Cinema do you remember this oh it turned no I wasn't there when I was when I came out it ultimately turned into a radio shack which I know the radio shack now
is something else because Radio Shack's gone so it's something else now I don't remember but it's over off it's it's not it's on Harding near the Galleria very local chat but you know shout out to my Northern California uh besties who might know what I'm talking about but yeah that used to be a movie theater back in the day dang yeah anyway uh let's get to some uh quick news here I think we just have a couple stories DarkSakura you have something for us
I do.
So we all know the term roguelike, but has anyone in here who is not older than 35 played Rogue?
You can play it now!
It's been released on Switch, and it's $7.99.
Go download it and be just as frustrated as the rest of us.
Perfect.
And then...
Was there another one on here?
I got one.
No.
I got one for you.
The other one, I would say, though, the Rogue, it is not the Commodore 64 version of Rogue, which is what I expected, but it's the Amiga version of Rogue, so it actually looks, it's a little more graphical than just, like, ASCII art, which the original, original Rogue was.
So it actually will look decent on your Switch, for what it's worth.
and I only say that because I've played the Commodore 64 edition of Rogue and it's a little rough if you're used to fancy graphics.
That part hasn't aged well.
But anyway, let's talk about a game that has aged well because it still has its fans.
Taiko no Tatooine or Taiko Drum Master as it's sometimes known over here in the States.
Finally, this surprises me that we've never had an official US arcade launch of Taiko no Tatooine.
We've had...
console launches you know console game finally but finally finally Namco Bandai is going to be releasing Taiko no Tatsujin initially at round one then at Dave and Buster's it's actually happening they did a test run and it actually is happening there was an official world championship that happened to Japan this last week and they made some announcements and they mentioned that
they will release Taiko no Tatsujin into the US this November so check that out if you have a round one or a Dave and Buster's near you good chance you're going to see one of these machines so that's going to be a lot of fun it's a fun machine to play like I don't think it translates quite as well to home because there's something about banging on that giant fucking drum that's very satisfying that was another game I played at that same arcade that had a
and Radiant Silvergun.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, they also had Gun Survivor 2, Biohazard Gun Survivor 2.
Oh, interesting.
How about that?
All right, well, now we are going to travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We are going to check out some games coming out near you real soon.
Let's start in the US.
Loki is not here tonight, so I will do my best to fill in with him out.
On the 22nd, we talked about before, SVC Chaos will launch on the Nintendo Switch and the PS4.
It's already out on Steam and Windows.
The Case of the Golden Idol on PS4 and PS5.
Also F1 Manager 2024 on Windows, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Retro Revengers and the star named Eos.
Lingito and Conscript also out on the 23rd.
On the 24th, Ninja Slayer, Neo Saitama in flames out on Windows and Nintendo Switch.
Valley Peaks also on the 24th.
And then the 25th, we have most of our big releases for the week.
including Disgaea 7 Complete on Nintendo Switch, PS4 and PS5, Earth Defense 4.6 on Windows, PS4 and PS5, Lakeview Cabin Collection, that is the free flash game Lakeview Cabin, and then the sequel to this is what we're seeing, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series on the 25th.
The Legend of Heroes Trails Through Daybreak 2 is out this week, as well as Omega Six, The Triangle Stars, Spark, The Electric Jester 3, Silvio, Black Waters, Tokyo Xanadu, EX Plus, and Undying.
And if you want to wait one more day for the 26th, One Piece Odyssey makes its way out on the Nintendo Switch.
Heading over to Japan and checking out the releases there.
We have Reynatus out on the Nintendo Switch on the 25th of July.
Tokyo Xanadu EX Plus on the Nintendo Switch, also out there.
Natuzora No Monologue, another memory, is also out on the Nintendo Switch on the 25th.
Disgaea 7, also released on the Switch, of course.
It's got to come out in Japan as well.
Another Kemco RPG selection.
Do you know how many volumes they've had of this now?
Seven.
We're up to the seventh collection, which includes As Divine Cross, Alphadia, Genesis 2, Ruinverse, and Chroma.
Quarterneon is out.
This is the Kemco RPG Selection Volume 7.
One Piece Odyssey, also out in Japan.
Some Some Convenience Store.
DarkSakura.com
So, Turrican Anthology Volume 1 is Turrican and Turrican 2 for the Amiga, Super Turrican and Director's Cut for the Super Nintendo, and Mega Turrican Score Attack for Genesis and Mega Drive.
Volume 2, I can't believe they're doing two Turrican Anthologies this week, it's awesome, is Turrican 3 for the Amiga, Mega Turrican and the Director's Cut for the Genesis and Mega Drive, and Super Turrican 2 for the Super Nintendo.
Amazing.
That's a lot of Turrican.
That's a lot of fucking Turrican.
I Turrican't even.
Clip it.
All right.
Worth it.
Clip it.
We also have a game called Bunny Garden coming out.
And that's all you need to know about Bunny Garden.
Why's it gotta be bunnies?
A 60-in-1 minigame collection, I'm sure that's going to be a fucking winner, is also out in Japan this week.
On the PlayStation 5.
Oh my god.
Do you know what volume they're on for the Kemco collection on the PS5?
This is volume 12.
And it's different games.
It's Alphadia 1 and 2, Jin Shin, Knights of Greyfang, and Glorious Savior are all out.
Volume 12.
I didn't realize they were out of sync.
in Japan, Disgaea7 also out, Reynatus, and The Legend of Heroes Trails Through Daybreak.
It's a price reduction.
That's in the super price collection this week.
Oh, boy.
All right, let's move on.
DarkSakura.
There's only a handful in Europe.
We have Wingspan Special Edition on the 26th of July for Switch.
Actually, all these are the 26th.
Another game that I'm actually interested in called Indica.
and it's like about this Russian nun that goes on a quest with the devil at her side.
I'm really interested in that.
We have Bitmap Bureau Collection for Switch and PlayStation.
By the way, Indica is on PS5, so I doubt I'll be playing anytime soon.
For Switch, we have B Project USA Fantasia 1.
And then also for PlayStation, we have My Time at Sandrock Collector's Edition.
That one also looks interesting to me.
Hmm.
so but I don't know Indica just seems like it would be like my kind of weird game yeah you know thick story driven will Sativa be out soon huh will Sativa be out soon Rob come over to my house so I can smack you I make the puns when Loki's not here or Drew
Damn it, Drew, be on the show again so we can just smack you instead.
What a lovely invite for someone to come on the show.
Come on the show so I can hit you.
No, it's virtual.
Besides that.
It's the good old MIRC days of slapping around with a large trout.
I know where Drew works anyway.
two rows away from my desk no no no but it just seems like it would be I actually really enjoy the cover art and it reminds me of like the Russian constructivism art style when that came about so art nerd art nerd anyway but yeah you can just leave out the word art Rob what Rob what
What?
We're gonna go to brunch.
Because I have to take my ballet girls to drag brunch.
Are you gonna throw a sausage at me?
Because I feel like you're gonna throw a breakfast sausage at me.
You're gonna come with us.
And?
So I can throw a sausage at you.
I love sausage.
You know what?
Without Matt here... I know, we need Matt to keep us on target.
You know what it's time for?
What?
Drag Race Talk!
Because we have no email either.
I haven't... There's like 15 versions of Drag Race now.
I can't possibly stay on top of them all.
I started trying to watch Canada vs. the World.
Uh-huh.
and I couldn't because I mean not no shade against Brooklyn Heights but I need Mama Rue there you know you know drag I just want to see Brooklyn Heights do ballet and look pretty
The other con was, okay, so I was telling a joke somewhere.
I can't talk about it, but I was telling a joke somewhere and I was doing an impression of Jinx Monsoon.
And my impression of Jinx Monsoon is to do Jinx Monsoon as Judy Garland, to do that impression.
Sandwich.
Sandwich.
is that my camera over there and I actually made a joke about I'm not even sure why I am planning on going to DragonCon I thought this was supposed to be DragCon you know DragonCon and DragCon are very similar names but DragCon actually happened this weekend yeah yeah which I don't go to anymore
although now if you freaking do uh if you have to do Judy Garland jinx then I have to come out with a scarf tied around my head and a magnifying glass and go well mother dear said that we should never talk to strangers I need to watch Grey Gardens again I'm just saying clearly we have devolved into the part of the show that is we're getting shit up here
Where we'll talk about anything you want to bring up in chat.
Or if you want to give us a call, now's a great time to do so.
This is now just chatting.
This is now a just chatting stream.
We would usually go to the mailbag over at participate at orangelondrader.com.
However, that would require the listeners of our wonderful podcast to actually put mail in there.
So if you're listening, look, if you have never... It is emptier and drier than Margaret Thatcher's cooch.
If...
Why?
I have a lot of questions on why you just said that, but I'm going to save that for another time.
Shayla, twat?
What?
No, Shayla, it was funnier with the first thing.
All right.
It was funnier with the twat.
So twat, did you say?
All right.
Anyway.
I couldn't hear you.
What was I going to say?
Oh, if you are a podcast listener and you have not emailed us, I want to hear from you.
I'd love to know that you exist.
Please.
Could you just send me an email that says I exist?
Please.
I just I would love that.
I promise.
Participate.
Honk if you exist.
Yeah.
Honk if you exist.
I love that.
You know, I actually have that as a magnet from Omega Mart.
Oh my god.
Alright, we're going to the phones.
Rob, what is butter?
Think about it.
Fat?
Okay, I still have to say my favorite thing from Omega Mart for products, apart from gender fluid, because that was great too, was the natural intentions cleaning spray.
All right.
We have a call on the line.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Sons Radio.
Who's this?
I just want you to know I turned off my air conditioning for this.
So, hell hey, everyone.
It's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma.
It's good to see you.
How are you?
It is muggy as fuck up there.
well it's not that it's just that the way my studio is set up the air conditioner is right behind the monitor where the window is so I have to turn the AC off which is great but like an hour into my live stream I'm just like no I'm sweating worse than a sinner at the club on a Saturday night you know what is on your mind my friend
Well, a couple of things.
Number one, I went to a convention yesterday called Collecticon.
It's called the country's biggest anime, gaming, trading card convention out there.
Okay, please, please, please reassure me because when I hear Collecticon, my image that comes to my mind is that there are so many Funko Pops being shit out of that dealer room.
There are so many Funko Pops.
My fabulous brother in Christ, you ain't wrong.
Look at my bookshelf, okay?
I can't, DarkSakura, you don't have a fucking camera.
Bitch.
Okay.
Alright, anyway.
Rob, let me tell you, most of these comic conventions, they need to call them Funko PopCon because a third of the dealers are selling pops anywhere from $10 to $300.
And the only reason why they're expensive is because they aren't autographed.
And you know what?
You can keep them.
I need to address something that Clawstorm is saying in chat, saying DragonCon has entered the chat.
The biggest you say, okay, you ain't wrong, however...
DragonCon's vendor room is so fucking big it's four stories fucking big that sure I can get Funko Pops but I can also get like a kilt a sword an unopened pack of Tron trading cards from the 1980s which I actually fucking bought one year you can get a lot of shit at the DragonCon dealer hall I don't doubt it see that just reminds me you can buy a dragon yes you can
I'm almost positive somewhere in that dealer hall is a dragon con that you can blow smoke out of like a dragon would breathe fire I'm positive that is a thing I've seen in the dealer hall you know, a tobacco pipe anyway I had to play on Shayla says buy a dragon and name him Jeremy
I'm sorry Ranma, we were talking about you had a topic here and we derailed it tonight because DarkSakura and I are misbehaving tonight when aren't y'all derailing and misbehaving, I mean really we kind of like it, it's like mods away, post away we live, we live it's shit posting time exactly anyway what do you want
Well, if you want to be like that about it, I'm just fucking with you.
I love you, Rob.
All right.
So I went to this convention and I was on the line for about an hour to get a particular autograph from somebody that we've discussed on this podcast more than one time.
and I'm kicking it out of the box.
I could just give you an autograph for free, Ranchan.
Is that Martinet?
Yes, Charles Martinet autographed my Luigi figure.
Oh, how's Grandpa doing?
We haven't talked about him in a while.
How's his Mario ambassadorship and apparently Luigi ambassadorship, how's that treating him?
It's going well.
Let me tell you something.
He has special stuff autographed.
He is selling autographed Famicom, Super Famicom, N64,
and cards up to $400.
Gimme.
Make that fucking coin, Uncle Charles.
Make that coin.
I took a picture of the layout and I will post it later so you can check it out.
And I did my Luigi voice for him and he loved it.
Aww, I love that.
Wait, did you go dressed as Black Luigi?
Unfortunately, I could not because I was there with one of my partners.
We actually did Mamoru and Usagi from Sailor Moon because Terry Hawks, one of the original English dubs of Usagi, Serena, was there, so we went to get a picture with them.
Wasn't she also the one who was on Beverly Hills Teens as Bianca?
Probably.
Actually, Garth the Wolf in chat has a very valid request asking, Ranma, could you do your Luigi voice now?
I'm a Luigi, number one superstar.
I love it.
Love it.
A plus.
You win five QR codes.
I'm so glad you got to meet Charles Martinet.
He's such a nice guy.
And he was really chill.
Like I said, the line was long.
But I love seeing the fact there were people getting non-Mario stuff by him signing.
I'm talking about Luigi, Wario, Waluigi stuff.
It felt good.
Yeah.
No, I'm glad.
His name hasn't come up in a while ever since we know that Mario Brothers Wonder had a new voice actor and all that stuff.
And I'm really glad that the convention circuit life is treating him well.
Good for him.
Telling me.
but there is something else I want to discuss real quick between getting this autograph and the conversations of like a lot of retro games and so forth I kind of want to say that I'm done with video games that are first person third person to an extent I'm kind of tired of it what do you mean I mean
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Not just, like, 2D games.
I'm like, I want more 2D action-adventure games.
Like, they just announced a Karate Kid arcade-style beat-em-up, like, in the vein of Turtle Shredder's Revenge.
That is a day-one purchase for me, digital and physical.
I want to see more of that, because... I don't know, I'm just...
All right, old man sitting on the porch in the rocking chair.
Pass me a butterscotch disc because... Stop screaming at the clouds.
Here we go.
No, I was laughing.
When you said, I don't like first person or third person, I was with Clawstorm in chat.
What does that leave?
Second person?
Second person.
That's a very difficult... I think second person is with Deadpool, but that's a different type of thing.
Yeah.
but I mean, I do enjoy some first person shooters, action adventure games and third person ones, but I'm just like I don't know, maybe I just feel the longing of yesteryear when I was a teenager you sat down, you put in Super Mario World and you just played the heck out of that game or Legend of Zelda, A Link to the Past and you went through it, you know
We have, maybe it's just, I just feel all the tech we have in these consoles, the power.
Maybe I want to see like the perfect arcade portable classic game or something like that.
Or a new arcade game, a new game that's in the arcade style that makes it feel like back when I was 12 years old, shucking quarters into Gauntlet, you know?
So I would like to translate what you're saying for our listeners.
You ready?
Go for it.
Thanks for watching!
Whatever happened to the video games I just put in a quarter and I played for five minutes and that fucking thing would rob me blind and then I'd just go eat some cheap-ass cardboard pizza and call it a day.
But Rob... You tell them, Grandpa Rob.
You tell them.
I'm gonna get my cane and show my solidarity.
I'm gonna shove this cane up your ass.
Back in my day, we only had monochrome and there were two bits and we liked it.
You know I'm just fucking with you because I love you.
No, I know.
You are sound in the game.
If that console doesn't have a black and white switch, I don't want it.
I mean, look, I enjoy modern first person games, but it's like all these buttons.
I just want to pick up a game.
Punch, kick, jump, that's it.
Let's just roll, and I'll just sit there for hours upon hours.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
TigerClaw in chat says, that's how Gen Z looks at us boomers.
Are you a boomer?
Boomers?
Are you a boomer, TigerClaw?
Because I'm a fucking Xeniel.
Hello, bitch.
Wait.
Claw is older than us, but hold up.
Hold up.
Hold up.
Do not make me come down there with my cane and beat you.
I will do it.
I will.
You just channeled my inner Gen X rage, boy.
Dude, if you're a boomer, then... I don't know if the first video game you played might have been on the spectroscope or something.
Do you remember Mimeographs?
Actually, don't answer that because I remember Mimeographs.
Same.
The smell of ink.
The delicious smell of ink.
I don't know what the fuck happened to this call, but I say that about this show a lot.
Ranma, anything else on your mind tonight you want to share with us?
Yeah, one thing for Jamie, in case she hasn't heard.
What?
Brand new Ranma 1.5.
What?
Yes!
Bitch, where?
October 5th.
Original voices?
Yes, except for Ukyo, Nabiki, Tsukimi, and Happosai.
They are dead.
It's going to be sad not having my Ukyo.
Studio Mappa is doing it.
It's going to be on Nippon Television.
And unfortunately, distribution rights are going to Netflix.
You know what?
Fuck that.
The internet exists.
Get me some fan subs, bitch!
Well, this is premiering the first episode of Anime NYC and I do believe there's going to be a certain Black Ranma that's going to try to be at the front of that line with the trivia, so you know how that goes.
I will send you a spatula from here.
I know you will.
I'm happy because you're happy.
I mean, I may not be the anime connoisseur.
I do actually have a collection of Okonomiyaki Spatulae.
I may not be the anime connoisseur that you are, but I know your name is Ranma and you love that show and I'm happy you're happy.
That's why I'm wearing this specific, what?
Specific t-shirt tonight.
For those of you who are listening, I have an anime shirt decked out in the style of Marvel vs. Capcom.
Perfect.
Great.
I want to know how many people, though, of our general age, were introduced to Urasayatsura by watching Matthew Sweet's video for I've Been Waiting.
I haven't, but I actually know someone who actually worked on the first movie.
That's cool.
Yeah, and we were in Discord on our old school chat just watching the new series and talking about it and stuff.
Good times.
I was a big fan of Matthew Sweet in like the early 90s and he put out two videos that used anime footage and one of them was Urosayatsura for I've Been Waiting and the other one was from Cobra, which kind of a racy anime, but it was for Girlfriend.
Space Adventure Cobra?
Yeah.
I remember Spaceship Adventure.
I watched it when I shouldn't have been watching it, but it was cartoon.
It's fun.
You're not wrong.
Meanwhile, I'm sitting here watching the Zenki OAV.
Imagine going from the series of Zenki and then to the OAV version.
Shit got weird.
Anyway.
Alright.
Well, Ranma, I appreciate the phone call, but I'm gonna let you go.
Have a wonderful week, and of course, all this and much more on Anime Jam Session, Tuesday nights, also part of the Voice Geeks Network.
And I look forward to hearing about how Anime NYC goes for you with all that.
Definitely.
And I will say, because of the storm that happened over the weekend, I do not have to go in at 6am.
I don't have to be in until about 8.30 to kind of fan the flames.
Probably because you work too late on Friday.
Good luck to you.
I pray for you.
The funny part was mostly the LA office had to deal with the brunt end.
I am putting a sign at my desk that says if your machine is blue screening, just send an email to the service desk and we'll get to you as soon as we can.
Turn it on and off again.
No, I'm just kidding.
If your computer has a blue screen, switch to Mac.
That's another hot topic debate at work, but
Rob, really?
I'm joking.
Turning it off and turning it back on?
Works nine times out of ten.
I have a pin on the way that says, did you turn it off and back on?
Alright.
Ranma, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap it up.
Thanks so much for calling in.
Appreciate you.
Love y'all.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Alright, always a pleasure to hear from our pal Ranma.
With that though, we are towards the end of the show.
We would usually do last minute stories, but I don't have any.
We were kind of scraping the stories we could get anyway.
So we're at that part where we get everybody's final thought.
We were like, please sir, may I have another?
I'm ever so hungry for email.
Or stories.
DarkSakura, are you streaming tonight or are you taking a break because of yesterday?
I'm
I'm gonna do it cause I wanna play with Shay cause Shay's here and Shay is like Shay is like the ghost in my life sometimes she's awake and then she's there to play with and sometimes I'm like where is a Shay?
Shay is asleep alright well let me go ahead and get your final thought now since I have no Loki to banter with here I have to give you the I have to fill the time here before we toss it over to you so I'll go ahead and let you have your final thought
buy all our playsets and toys alright thanks DarkSakura, have a good night
All right.
Well, with that, I can't believe it, but it's just me left.
And that's kind of a scary notion here.
But if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, thank you as always for listening to the show.
Help us spread the word.
Tell a friend about the show because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube,
Spotify, wherever it is that you found this podcast.
It goes an awful long way and we really appreciate it.
We will be back again next week to talk about the things that happen in gaming this week.
Could be very interesting what develops with the FTC and all that good stuff.
Loki will be back next week so we can hear all about how things have been for him since it will have been a few weeks at that point.
And yeah, with that, I want to thank all of you that came out to our chat room tonight.
I appreciate you.
Thank you so much for being here live.
Appreciate that.
And that just leaves me with my final thought tonight, which is...
I'm excited to be streaming again.
It's been like two weeks since I've done a stream because I've been sick.
Being sick sucks.
Don't get sick.
I advised against it.
It's a horrible time.
Thank you so much everybody.
Have a great night.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
