and more.
Thank you for watching.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 1010 or 1010 of our show for tonight, July the 7th of 2024.
We are back after an unexpected week off.
We'll address that in just a moment.
But first, I want to introduce my co-host.
Of course, I am Rob Roberts.
I'm here with you every week.
Joining me are my co-hosts.
or Jamie Summers.
Hello, hello.
I hope you are doing well.
I know you've had an exhausting weekend.
Yes.
Oh my god, how has it ever been?
It's just, on top of that, like, my AC is on, it's going out.
It'll stay, it'll get the house nice and cool when it's also nice and cool outside.
And then, um, and then it's like, ah, I know, I'm not doing it.
It lets out a big FFS, and then...
It is very, very hot in Sacramento, California, where we are based.
And in fact, really, I think a lot of the country, a lot of the West Coast, so like for me to say just us is really underestimating what's happening, you know, around the U.S.
It was 113 yesterday.
Yeah, it was 113 yesterday, 108 today.
So hence, for me, you'll notice my arcade machines are off.
And usually if my machines are off, that's a sign that something...
Bucky's going on with the weather because I pretty much keep those off when it's really hot days.
Even though they don't generate a lot of heat, I don't need anything extra right now.
No, I don't.
Well, apparently we're going to have a few days under 100 next week, so yay.
Well, okay, I lied.
Well, a couple of days.
Yeah.
At least it will be cooler on the day of my recital.
Depends what weather predicting app that you use, for sure.
A couple.
Yeah, because there was a day last week where I guess the Apple app had had a little blip and it showed that the temperature here in SAC was going to be like 123 degrees.
It wasn't just that.
It was just...
whatever predictive algorithm they use but that's the one probably most people see you know and it's just I they had to put out some type of like you know it was actually in the news that like hey uh they had to correct this on the if you saw it was going to be 123 degrees no it's not even though it feels like it wasn't it wasn't the app it was the source yeah the data came from yeah yeah but um but I have my ballet recital next uh next week and
and thankfully it's gonna be like 95 and hopefully not outside well no it's gonna be inside it's gonna be where my last recital was and we took photos for it today and we were all super cute and I just wanted them to take a picture of me and my tutu on the floor saying this is what ballet really is like um I also want to of course introduce here at the top of the show Techmaster Loki
Hi Loki, how are you doing?
How was your 4th of July?
Eh, you know, usual.
I'm sorry, how was your 100th birthday of the Caesar salad acknowledgement day?
Caesar Salad Acknowledgement Day?
Yeah, because July 4th is the birth date of the Caesar Salad.
And I don't – there are some people out there that would prefer not to celebrate the birth of this country right now in the state of affairs things are in.
So some people out there were celebrating instead Caesar Salad birthday, which I can respect that.
Caesar Salads are pretty amazing.
I mean –
If we're doing that, then I guess I went a couple days before that to Costco and got a Caesar salad kit.
So, I mean, that's sort of like it.
You're just one of those jerks that's setting off the fireworks starting July 1st.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Oh, gosh.
Not in this economy or in this heat.
No, thank you.
Tell that to my neighbors.
I was going to say, my neighbors, on the other hand, have no qualms whatsoever about setting off illegal fireworks, which is great that I hear Sac County was going around and issuing citations.
They were kind of ghosting through the neighborhoods to see who was doing it, writing it down, and mailing them a citation.
I hope that they get that, because this is the type of neighbor that also likes to park.
When their parents come to visit,
And granted, we have plenty of parking in the street.
They choose to park in the lawn.
In the lawn.
That's where they've been for the entire week.
In the lawn.
Like...
Just pave it then.
Pave it if you don't want, like, along there.
But no, you park.
And it wasn't like that they were doing road work, because they did that too.
Sac County also did road work, which they resurfaced the road.
And by the road, I mean half of the road.
Not half like, oh, we did some of the streets and not all the streets.
No, we did half of every single street.
Why?
and this is what we're celebrating this is why people are turning to the Caesar salad and what's great though what's great about our neighborhood is like the street does not need to be resealed, the street needs to be redone, it hasn't been done it hasn't been repaved in
over 15 years and it is essentially gravel it is falling apart so now it's tar with or gravel with a little bit of tar on top on one half of the street so you have one half it's really rough with tar on it another middle section that they did because they had some extra asphalt left over when they were repaving one of the major streets so they went down the center with that one and then the the right side is completely just gravel it's like it's a slope now
I just want to point out, everyone, we haven't been here in two weeks, and we haven't even brought up a single video game yet, and here we are with a Loki rant.
Congratulations, everybody.
Wait, real quick, though.
I want to address something in chat, but I also want, Loki, what is the game playing behind you tonight?
Is that Goat Simulator 3?
It's Goat Simulator 3.
I got it.
Okay.
And I knew it was a little more like world expanding and all that sort of thing.
The whole intro is Half-Life 2.
Oh my god, that's great.
I also wanted to say hello to the chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
And Mike Deft is pointing out Caesar salad was made where I live, so I approve of that.
Yes, Caesar salad is not an invention of the Italians.
It came from Mexico in the part just south of California.
So that's where Caesar salad actually came from.
So yeah, we thank our friends south of us for many good delicacies we have and ruin and then enjoy up here in the north.
But Caesar salad, I think we've kept pretty legit.
That's for sure.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And so it was just going to leave Loki and I. And we got some news on Saturday morning that really wasn't great.
And to be quite honest, I was like, my tummy hurty, but also I was just like, I'm not sure I want to talk about this yet.
It's been a week now.
So we can kind of talk a little more about it, but we lost a really good friend of the show to a battle with cancer on Saturday.
And our dear friend, Eddie, known here at the Voice of Geeks Network as Lieutenant Commander Eddie because he was a co-host on a show.
Now...
This show stopped producing episodes five years ago, so if you've never heard of it, I don't blame you, but I know a lot of you have been following VOG Network for some time, so you probably heard at some point Eddie on that program on the Starboard Power Coupling because he loved Trek.
He loved Trek, and he knew that show in and out, and he had a lot to say on the topic.
And between him and Matt and then Dr. Ken, that show was always hilarious and a really fun time and a really fun and queer eye at Trek.
It was a great, great show.
But I didn't just know Eddie from podcasting.
I personally knew Eddie from the Rocky Horror Picture Show circa –
The year 2000 at the Birdcage Cinemas, which no longer exists.
It's the parking lot for a Best Buy.
So I've known Eddie for a long time.
He lived in an area that was a very rural part of Sacramento.
So he would drive quite a distance, probably an hour to hang out with folks in Sacramento.
But I have a lot of memories of him from my 20s, my early 30s.
You know, as friends do sometimes, we sort of drifted into our own hobbies and different friend circles and so forth.
So I didn't see him as often.
But it was one of those things where whenever I crossed paths with Eddie, it was just an absolute delight to see him and be around him.
And when I heard he wanted to get into podcasting, I was like, fuck yes, you have to do this.
This is going to be amazing.
And so we got, you know, 100 or however many shows they produced, great episodes of Starboard Power Coupling.
And it just, it breaks my heart because I've been begging Matt to bring that show back for years.
and every Star Trek cruise I go on with him, I'm like, when are you going to bring that show back?
And it breaks my heart that it will never be what it was before with this loss and to something so frustrating as well.
I want to defer to Loki and DarkSakura as well because you both know him.
I mean, that's important to know.
We knew him well outside of the context of this network.
Yeah, I mean, I knew him through, like, it was more through a friend of a friend type of thing, you know, like, we would hang out sometimes, I'd see him with, you know, Jim and Annie, and with them, so I'd always, like, kind of see him with other people and stuff, but yeah, it was unfortunate, like, he was, you know, battling his cancer pretty well, like, we've
They thought for a while that it was going to, you know... I was fully under the impression it was gone.
Like, I knew it had come back, but there was definitely a period of time where I was like, I thought we were past this.
Like, what?
You know, it's horrible.
Yeah, and so it got to a point where the chemo was damaging his liver to a point where they couldn't do it anymore because it was going to kill him forever.
from liver failure and so once you get to that point where they can't do the treatments anymore there's nothing really more you can do so they put him on palliative treatments worse yeah so they put him on palliative care and he lasts a week and he was in bad shape from what I understand my wife um
I was pretty close friends with Irene, so they hang out a lot and they went and visited him.
I did not.
I mean, once again, I'm not real close friends with him.
Like, I don't know.
It wouldn't make sense for me to go over there because it's mostly families and friends and stuff.
But he was not in good shape at all.
He was looking rough, unfortunately.
I'm conflicted.
I kind of wanted to go out there, but at the same time, did he want me to see him like that?
And as some of you know, I had a cosplay convention thing I had done, so I was exposed to COVID and legit thought I had it based on some sniffles.
I didn't, but obviously I didn't want to mess with that.
That would have been the worst possible thing I could do, but it obviously breaks my heart.
I got to leave him a voicemail.
That's about what I got to do.
So it's just, yeah, it's hard.
Jamie, did you have any?
Every memory I have of him is of him smiling or laughing about something.
He had such a distinctive laugh.
Even to this day, especially if I'm with Irene, if somebody says something funny, I'll be like, ha ha!
Because that is the way he laughed, like legitimately.
And it was so adorable.
And yeah, I'm going to miss that tremendously for sure.
Yeah, I remember when he used to come over and we would film movies.
We would do the Scooby-Doo nonsense.
Oh my god, that's right!
He's the one that got my ex to say Bog Monster.
Oh my god.
Oh my god, I remember that.
Oh, what I would give to find that tape at this point.
Bob Walster.
Oh my gosh.
Wow.
Oh my gosh.
So anyway, obviously, we're, we're just, we're really heartbroken about it, you know, and I'm going to be honest, like last week, I also just wasn't feeling like digestively great.
But I was just in this mindset where I'm like, I just don't I like I if I come on the show, I'm gonna have to talk about this and I wasn't ready to.
It's been a week.
I've had enough time to process.
I'm okay.
I'm putting on a great front, but it's rough.
I'm not going to lie.
I want to thank you all for the lovely comments and chat.
I also want to thank you all because this would be the same, Eddie, that about four or six weeks ago, we were doing a fundraiser for, for the exact same circumstance.
Obviously, at this point, the fundraiser's done.
And I believe any leftover money is going towards funeral costs at this point.
But, you know, just thank you.
Yeah, I saw OLR people in there donating, so I just want to say thank you, thank you for that.
Yeah, and it was tough.
Go ahead, Jamie.
Oh, I was going to say, it's tough because he was trying to contact, like, you know, disability and everything like that through California, but...
He had no energy to do that at all.
And it was just, it was rough.
Yeah.
Jamie, you want to say something?
I was just saying I remember doing Barbara's fundraiser.
Oh, yeah.
And during the middle of my...
Marathon, I found out she had died and it turned into a funeral fundraiser.
Yeah.
And it's just like that moment was just so jarring, you know, and I can't help but think, you know, like my, my, I just, it's a hard thing to wrap one's mind around.
It is.
And as somebody was pointing out to me on social media earlier because, well, unfortunately, I've got news this morning that somebody else I know passed away.
and this is not somebody I was as close with as Eddie I don't have a 20 year history with this person but definitely you know again it's one of those things she was she's the host of the Love Horror Film Festival so you guys know I do a lot of hosting here locally with horror events and things like that she's the host of the flagship event so I knew her from that circle and
Mm-hmm.
Bloody Betty was maybe a couple years older most.
So it's this weird sense of like, I'm not loving this people around me are dying feeling.
And I realize that's part of getting older, but this sucks.
I don't have an easy way to put it.
This sucks.
But I know a lot of you are dealing with it too, especially around my age and probably in other situations too.
We've all experienced loss of some sort.
So I appreciate you all being there.
We talk about games.
We have a good time.
We listen to Loki rants.
We laugh at the news.
We're critical of companies when they need it in a fun way.
But we get together every Sunday night and we're here to process with each other as well.
I just really, really appreciate that from all of you.
It's not a safe world.
I mean in general I lost I wouldn't say like a close friend but someone that I knew I lost in Israel oh my god one of the people who had been videotaped being yeah I won't go too much into that but it's just it's such a shock you know the way things are and I mean and you know we're
we're not like no matter how strong a person might seem personality or physically or anything there's always aspects that are going to be beyond our control so and to understand that we have that lack of control is very humbling yeah and and frightening but the the
the way that we deal with this is with that empathy that we find from people who have been through these things too and to stop looking at things as us versus them or to realize that we're all people we're all people we all have a right to enjoy our lives to live
Happily and honestly to have homes, to have fucking health care for one thing, you know, and just to see that people are in these situations now where they're denied the things that they need to continue living.
Yeah.
And it's disgusting.
Mm hmm.
but we all could be doing something to make it better we have power we just have to take back our power and we have to be here for each other I mean that's the only way I can think of to say it
I want to read a couple comments from chat.
And again, just I see the love.
I receive the love.
We receive the love.
And just sending it right back to all of you.
S200 Matt in chat, I think sums it up very easy, very well saying, there is no easy way of saying or dealing with it.
Best thing we can do is enjoy life and laugh as much as we can.
Regardless what happens, we're here.
On an oddly related note, I want to do something a little bit out of context and out of order from what we usually do.
Usually we take calls at the end of the show.
I'm actually going to take a call here at the beginning of the show because this individual had reached out last week and I was open to having them on the show last week to talk about a similar shared loss, but between the weight of our own loss we were dealing with with Eddie and so forth, we didn't end up doing the show last week.
But to kind of
And it kind of tied this back to games in a sort of way because this individual is here to talk to us about somebody in the gaming community also lost last weekend to cancer, a big hearty fuck cancer right now, and the impact that this individual had on a very specific community.
So I want to welcome to the show, Sterlok.
Sterlok, are you with us?
People gotta stop fucking dying, man.
That's what I've been saying all day today.
That's what I've been saying all day, day, day.
This is bullshit.
Um, Sterlok is not on cam.
I'm very... Oh, sorry.
No, I was gonna say Sterlok is not on cam.
Sterlok, if you guys are unaware, Sterlok's been calling into the show for a while, but if this is your first... First off, if this is your first episode of OLR, I'm very sorry.
They're not all like this, but sometimes we have to process...
I was about to say, I apologize for the very heavy nature of the early show.
We beat you to it at the beginning.
The second off, Sterlok is a gamer who is blind and has called into the show before to talk to us about different types of accessibility issues.
Sterlok also has a Twitch channel where you can actually see him play games.
I remember watching you play Last of Us and you could actually see a lot of cool accessibility features in the game, which I thought was really neat.
Which is relevant to what I'm going to talk about in a bit.
I would like to just give you the floor for a minute to talk about your friend.
Yeah, so... I lost my best friend of like 20 years.
Same as you guys.
Um...
It's crazy too, because it happened on the same day that Eddie passed.
I think in Brandon's case it was really early in the morning.
But anyway, not to get super into the weeds.
But yeah, I lost my best friend of about 20 years, super blind man, real name Brandon Cole.
And Brandon Cole was a very, very special person.
Not just to me, but to the blind community at large.
He always had a passion for being able to play games and reaching out to developers.
He actually got that chance.
He lived his dream job.
This was literally his dream job.
He was an accessibility consultant, specifically for total blind accessibility in video games.
And he worked on The Last of Us 2, and by extension, the first one.
But that was mostly, they kind of took what they already had.
New from Part 2 and applied it to the first one.
But anyway, it's because of him that we can play The Last of Us and the new Forza.
He worked on the new Forza extensively for like two years with Turn 10.
So, you know, he affected a lot of people.
and the blind community especially but not just that but his stuff what Brandon did I think really kind of started a seismic shift in the industry at large that's the reason God of War Ragnarok had the accessibility features it did
um unfortunately that was it didn't work out as well because they didn't actually use him and they just kind of thought they could wing it um didn't really work all that well but
Hey, they tried, you know, and people are starting to see, like, oh, this is possible.
Brandon was in, I think, 2014 when he first approached, I think it was, it was for Grand Theft Auto 4 or 5.
Yeah.
and he asked if there would be any way to add accessibility into the game.
He was literally laughed at.
So, you know, we've come a really long way.
We have come a very long way.
A really long way.
It seems to me, even just doing a simple search online to learn more about Brandon, you find that even on YouTube, I'm seeing several people on YouTube are doing condolence videos and tribute videos this week just to show the impact that Brandon had.
You can see some of his impact.
He did have a Twitter account at SuperBlindMan, all in one word.
You know, I don't usually encourage going to Twitter, but I will make an exception this one time.
And you can see that he had worked on Last of Us, Mortal Kombat 1, Forza.
He was a streamer here on Twitch as well.
Also with the YouTube channel, if you want to see some of his contributions at SuperBlindMan.
And has a website as well.
And yeah, it's like, you know, there was a lot of people not taking accessibility very seriously, even 10 years ago.
My, the strides we've made, and it's because of people being loud like this that I've made it happen.
And sure enough, I've been proven right continuously for the past four or five years.
They say never meet your heroes, right?
But in this case, I was best friends with my hero, so I think that's pretty awesome.
Well, Sterlach, that's a really... He will be missed.
That's a really loving tribute, and I don't know what else to say.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I guess... Yeah, I'm sorry for your loss too, man.
We're all going through it.
This is bullshit.
Let's... Fuck cancer.
Seriously, let's destroy cancer together.
I wish we could.
I mean, not to get too deep into everything that happened.
I will say, it's just crazy how fast everything happened in his case.
It was like three months from discovery.
Who knows how long?
We'll never know now how long he actually had it.
And I was just sitting there waiting, as cancer tends to do.
But yeah, it was so fast.
Like, three weeks before he passed, he was waiting to meet with his oncologist for...
You know, a treatment schedule.
And we were just... The last voice conversation we had was we were talking about... Because we were both into wrestling.
So we were talking about Clash at the Castle.
And how awesome that was.
And you could tell he was definitely lower energy.
Because, of course.
But he was still in relatively good spirits.
He was a little on the downside.
But he still had that hope there.
Yeah.
and then like a week later he was in the hospital and then just it was crazy like he just he got an infection they couldn't they couldn't get it and his kidney shut down and that was it that was just there was pretty much nothing nothing they could do from there it was just it's like you never you never know man you never know when it's gonna be your time it's insane
and kind of playing into something that Jamie was saying earlier.
You know, we're all human and some of us choose to spend this time being dicks to each other.
But thank God Super Blind Man made a much better use of his time making games more accessible to everybody.
And, you know, we have a saying we say a lot on this show and that is games are for everyone.
We didn't invent that saying, but we certainly adopted it.
And...
Super Blind Man was an important part of that.
I dare say an integral part of that.
I think that's fair to say.
Well, Sterlok, I am going to let you go so we can move on with the headlines and try to...
Maybe make it a little happier show.
Maybe.
It's important to take this time.
So I appreciate you taking the time and talking about a subject that is difficult here at the top of the show.
Thanks for asking to come by.
It's always a pleasure to have you.
Definitely.
Take care, my friend.
Yeah, you too.
Okay, so that's why we didn't have a show last week.
There's just...
Sometimes you need to just take a break and appreciate what's around you.
As Dan used to tell me when we were early together and just talking on the phone long distance, real life must intrude.
Well, let's move on.
I know it's impossible to transition that topic to anything else, so it's just going to be really ugly, ripping off the Band-Aid and tearing into this next topic for tonight.
Going to talk about a little bit of last week's news.
We're going to play...
Let's play an OLR game.
What better way to cheer us up than play an OLR game?
Let's do a game.
So we haven't done this game in a little bit, but sometimes when we miss a week, we like to do word association.
Sorry, I'm laughing.
As 200 Matt says, let's throw a pie or something.
It's too hot for pie throwing.
The pie would instantly melt.
But I will eat a pie.
Anyway, I'd like to play a game called Word Association to last week's headlines.
So we're going to go over some headlines from last week, and I would like those of you in chat, as well as my esteemed co-hosts here, to give us the one word that comes to your mind when you hear this headline from last week.
And through that process, we will have recapped all the news from last week.
Sound like fun?
Yes.
Okay, good, good.
I'm glad somebody said yes.
I was just waiting for the whole eh.
Mandatory fun here at OLR.
All right.
Well, thanks Weird Al.
All right, here we go.
First headline is Nintendo doubling down on security following the latest video game leaker drama.
Apparently this whole thing has to do with like that.
You remember we were talking about the YouTube leaks that happened and some of that happened through Google and all this stuff.
During a shareholder meeting, Nintendo was asked about these reports and basically said,
Yeah, the company is using outside security firms and new security measures.
So one word, Nintendo doubling down on security.
Does it have to be a word?
You know what?
It's your show to invent your own damn rules.
Okay, okay.
It's a raspberry.
Sure.
No, it could be an emotion.
That's fine.
All right.
So Jamie has given a fart noise.
Loki, what would be your word to wrap this up?
Snipers.
I think about, I think there's an episode of RuPaul's Drag Race where she goes, cue the snipers.
She's really jealous at some queen's look or something or, you know, open the trap door is another one.
Pull the lever, Kronk.
No, mine would involve a bell and just involve the word shame.
Let's see.
PodCulture in chat says, same shit, different day.
Yeah, that pretty much wraps it up.
Okay, next headline, next headline.
and DarkSakura.
Well, now you can do it on Steam.
You can actually record your gameplay highlights to be able to share with everybody.
So your one word for Steam video game recording.
DarkSakura?
Disable.
Disable.
Okay, yeah.
Loki, your word?
Free.
Free!
My word would be
Memory Hog.
It's hyphenated.
Well, it depends on if you actually use memory as RAM or storage.
I guess.
How to kill an SSD in eight easy steps.
Sterlok says my word is OBS.
Mike Def says my word is great.
S2100Matt says waifus.
Okay.
Okay.
I mean, I don't know, it'll just go as unused as, like, the console sharing of clips, which some people do use that, I don't know, it's like, oh my god, why would they give you free things, jeez I would rather have my Twitch clips that are people who know what's funny, and then, like, me that curates mine to become my TikTok content later
Right, I think this is more like you're playing single player and something happens.
You're like, oh, hey, I want to share that on Instagram.
Or X or Facebook.
I want to stream this on Facebook Gaming.
This headline is interesting.
This has to do with the Metal Gear Solid 3 remake has a new producer, of course.
The new producer behind the remake, because Kojima doesn't work with Konami anymore.
So Noriaki Akamura has told fans in a video that he's working on this Metal Gear Solid 3 remake, and he would like to work with Kojima again on the franchise.
It's a series called Production Hotline.
and somebody had asked if there was any chance that the original staff would return to help on the development and he basically said it's not my place to answer on this but I'd love nothing better than to work with Mr. Kojima and the rest of the team again if that could happen that would be a dream by the way he does also mention the entire original team will be still credited in the credits which I will point out is a pretty cool thing if nothing else I mean the bare fucking minimum
Dream
Dreams are nice to have.
Yeah, they're nice to have.
They don't always come true.
The best part about it is... My second word?
Oh, yes.
Sorry.
Snake!
I was going to say, the best part about working with Kojima is he has his own company, so he can hire you all when Konami fires you for some stupid reason.
Because, I don't know, you dared to credit the original cast or something.
Our next headline.
Our next headline.
Forza Horizon 4 is disappearing.
It is being delisted as of December 15th.
It's getting unlisted from gaming stores.
The DLC is getting pulled.
It is going away.
And it is because of licensing.
Due to licensing and agreements with our partners, Forza Horizon 4 will be delisted from digital platforms on December 15th, 2044.
This means the game and its additional content will no longer be available for purchase through online stores.
One word to sum that up.
DarkSakura.
Shrug.
Shrug.
Loki.
I mean, to quote chat, you know, Ranmari 2, stop killing games.
I mean...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And luckily, let's be real, just because they delist it doesn't mean the physical disks stop working.
So there is that.
But my question would be, okay, but are those same licensing agreements going to fuck us when we get to the next Xbox system and now we're talking about backwards compatibility?
Because this is why we don't have DDR.
all this time, like, you know, of all the Xbox original and Xbox 360 games that you can play on a Series X, you know what you can't play?
Any of the DDR games.
You know why?
Licensing.
It's stupid, though, because it should be licensed to the disc, not to the game system that you play the disc on.
It's just, that would be the equivalent of saying, I have this movie, and I can play it in this DVD player, but when I want to go play it in my second DVD player, well, I gotta pay up.
You know, that...
it's dumb uh next two more headlines left next headline uh the UK retailer game so the word game is a a retailer similar if you want to say to GameStop in the UK uh and game has said that they are not going to be ending physical game and hardware sales in stores apparently there's rumors going around once again uh Gfinity had reported that according to
sources familiar with the plans they were going to be ending physical game sales and game actually said in a statement to Eurogamer this is categorically not true what would they have to sell at that point?
Pop figs?
I mean that's basically what GameStop is but like if you stop selling games in your game store what what else do you have to sell?
I mean really if they're not ending it then good
Good with a question mark, says DarkSakura.
Loki?
I mean, I guess, you know, op figs, there you go, that's my word.
Because once again, he stopped selling games.
Right, I'm just saying though, but it's preposterous to think that they were going to stop because what would they sell?
That's like saying, our grocery store has decided to not carry food anymore.
They become a mall kiosk that has nothing but online content cards.
There are stores I've seen that are all pop figs.
Once again, I don't understand who's buying those.
My kids even made this.
That would be me.
I get it.
There are some that people do like to collect some of them.
Where I have
is when I see like this limited edition pixel neon version of like the Rice Krispie mascots.
Like who is collecting a Snap, Crackle, and Pop?
Snap, Crackle, and Pop.
Who is collecting a neon retro version of these characters?
Like retro in the sense that they're like
They're voxel-y.
Like, who is collecting that?
Like, really?
I keep thinking of the wall of pots behind polyester when he streams.
Okay.
This is way more than a word.
That's fine.
But I'm with Ranmar A2 in chat, who says, GameStop would become Stop, Game would become Avoid.
So yeah, I'm going with the word Stop.
Because it's double-sided.
I'm also using the word Stop because...
How many times do we have these websites reporting on these rumors and they get shut down and it's always this exact same story about some retailer?
I feel like we've heard this story four times now with different retailers.
So now it's just the UK.
Stop.
My earlier word goes in for this?
Shrug.
On that note...
Thank you for watching!
AI-generated art made its way into the top 300 entries.
And the company has put out a statement that it is disqualifying entries that violate the contest rules.
So, yeah, I guess some snuck in there.
And now the Pokemon, and there's a lot of people on social media that are like, here's the original that the AI stole.
Here's what it looks like.
Actually, I'm going to put one of these up on the screen for those of you that are watching Twitch.
This is a pretty good sample here.
Oh, darn it.
All right, I lost it.
Forget it.
But you get where I'm going with this.
I'm going to start on this one.
My word is sick.
And the reason why I'm using this word is because people entered an artist contest knowing they were doing this.
And I think that's sick.
You know you're using an unfair thing that is all sorts of morally questionable and completely against the spirit of the contest.
They either don't care or don't know.
It's the first one.
They probably don't care, yeah.
Or they think that they're actual artists typing a prompt in.
They're like, see, I'm an artist now.
People like that have their heads up their asses, so who knows.
SSJ100Matt's a fucking comic tonight.
The word he put in was pal world.
All right, DarkSakura.
It's legally distinct, okay.
Legally distinct.
DarkSakura, what's your word?
All right.
Fuck AI.
Fuck AI.
Fuck.
Did fuck Konami.
Oh yeah, we did.
Yeah, but my fuck is a very impactful word of fuck.
Fuck the fucking fuckers.
Alright, let's move on to something I forgot to put on our sidebar, but it's an important segment nonetheless.
It's a How Is Your Gaming Week?
We'll talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
How is your gaming week, DarkSakura?
So much dead by daylight.
So much.
But I got all the stuff for the...
I also made some friends and I swift with them again I've made some new friends I mostly had pretty decent experiences there were a lot of stinkers and actually I got a notice back that someone I reported for griefing actually is being investigated so I was really happy Dead by Daylight had a
is actually now sending feedback when they've investigated your reports.
It makes me feel a little bit better.
Unlike the TWAT site that refuses to investigate things that are clearly anti-Semitic, but I digress.
So anyway, I also did get back to Symphony of the Night last night, and then I reloaded from an earlier save and kind of lost a bunch of progress.
So, I played Cult of the Lamb instead for a while, and I'm very happy because Friday I can go back to playing Avatar because the new DLC will be available that day, which I have already...
paid for because I got like the super ultimate edition and I'm glad it's like the season passed something or the other but I'm really excited I'm playing a stupid RuPaul's game and I need to stop because it wants me to spend money and play ads all the time but I'm really annoyed by it but I also found like another it's like another stupid little phone game but it's actually kind of cute and has like a little like
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
uh a uh a gravestone almost got knocked over on stage during the performance but due to a quick save it lived and I'm also very glad that it's over and I can focus on uh the uh new uh piece we're doing so I'm happy about that all right well let's move on to Loki your gaming week please
I played a lot of Minecraft.
We had the Unorthoblox Season 3 World Tour for the entire week, so I've been supporting our fellow SMP players on Unorthoblox by going to all their events this entire week, and that was a lot.
Also worked a bit more on the content creation stuff.
and then I did play some other stuff because Steam sales so I picked up stuff including Goat Simulator 3 again.
Thankfully the cloud saves for Goat Simulator 3 they are compatible between Epic Games and the Steam version so I was able to jump right in and play Goat Simulator 3 and I've pretty I mean I've beat
the actual main campaign of the game and I was trying to 100% everything and then I just started the DLC for it so it looks pretty substantial my son's already beat all of it though I bought it for him and he beat it in like a day nice
All right.
My Game of the Week has been primarily taken over by Final Fantasy XIV Dawn Trail, which released in the past week, actually just before the last show, honestly, or when the last show would have been, because it was Friday the 28th, I think, that the early access happened.
So I've pretty much been playing Final Fantasy XIV Dawn Trail.
I haven't beat it yet, so I'm not going to give you final thoughts on it.
I will say early...
The good news is that the dungeon design, the battle design, the music, the graphic changes are all fantastic.
These dungeons, this is some of the best gameplay the game's had, honestly.
The dungeons are really well done, and I'm really excited to see what other types of content they kind of put out with this.
The graphics wasn't a huge overhaul, but it was enough that it's noticeable, and you kind of go, ooh, this looks a little prettier.
This is fun.
This is nice.
So there's that.
The Not So Good is... And again, I want to be careful how far I go down this road until I actually beat the game.
The story is weak.
Especially in the beginning.
It feels like Dawn Trail... Again, I'm going to watch my words because I don't want to spoil it for anybody.
But it feels like Dawn Trail is in two very specific halves.
And in the first half...
I'm it was rough.
I had a hard time getting through some of the content because I and you all know I stand this game.
I love Fall Fantasy 14.
I did not love getting a cut scene where a certain thing happened.
And then I did a quest where I was walking around the town listening to people talk about the exact same thing that had just happened in the cut scene.
and to me it was really it's been a bit of a slog to get through and I think part of the issue is that they decided at least for the parts of the game in the beginning and this is again I want to watch my mouth until I get all the way through it because it does the second half does seem to have a very different tone than the first half but you're not the main character in the first half
and that's, I think Alan, my partner put it best when I was explaining it to him and he said, what in the world of Warcraft bullshit is this?
And I laughed because a lot of times in World of Warcraft, your character was more of an observer to these other more important characters that were doing things.
And some people are into that and that's fine for the story, but you were never a part of the story.
That was never really the case in Final Fantasy XIV.
You were always very central to the story.
And I feel like now that's not the case.
And I'm not sure if that was the best.
I think...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
One should be.
Mm hmm.
The other game I'll mention real quick because this will surprise a lot of you.
You ready?
I played Beatmania 2DX this week because I happened to be in Concord for the day.
Alan and I went to our closest Betty Hana, which is no longer here locally because it closed.
Oh, man.
So we went to our closest Betty Hana in Concord for lunch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
for a good period of time.
Yeah, but because we were down the street from Sun Valley Mall, we were like, you know what?
Let's go see what's going on over there.
Let's go to round one.
Let's see what bullshit we can spend our money on.
And we were at round one, and they had a Beatmania 2DX.
I don't remember what they're called.
31st Style.
Somebody in chat will correct me, but I play Beatmania 2DX 31st Style, whichever that one is.
But I actually forced myself to do...
New songs.
And I actually was – usually I kind of go through the – I go through the song list.
I'm kind of like, oh, I'll play the old stuff.
But I was going through the new songs.
I was like, oh, this one sounds good.
This one sounds good.
Thank you.
See, I knew somebody would know.
DarkSakura says Epolis?
Eopolis?
Epolis.
That's the one.
That was it.
So, yeah.
It was fun.
When I played it, though, I had fun.
I do oftentimes play 2DX, and I go, damn, I wish I had one closer, which is funny.
I bitched for years and years about not having one of these in town, and then they finally get one at Roseville round one, and it's like, ugh.
Roseville's the other side of town like honestly it might as well be in Concord there's also a really good hibachi place by the way in Natomas so I hear okay you're gonna need to give me more details later because I think my wife has been there I think I know a place in Roseville that's really good too there's a teppanyaki out there uh yeah I believe so um there is definitely one in Roseville and I I'm a huge Benihana fan and that's usually the bar that I I
I think they're better like honestly like I keep Benihana's in a pretty high standard but Benihana is a chain restaurant at the end of the day and so I know there's people out there probably rolling their eyes and I'm holding it in this high standard but you have to understand the body craves what it can't have and that teriyaki sauce at Benihana is what I couldn't have so alright anyway for those who do not know they are called a teppanyaki yes
All right, Orange Lounge Habachio.
That's what we're calling it.
All right, let's move on.
We're going to get into some news tonight.
So let's... Ooh, that is interesting, though, what Bonds006 says in chat.
Pokemon Go Fest was here this weekend in New York City.
I was like, eh, to pay $30 and walk about in this heat with phone and battery pack.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard that was going on.
I've been very light on Pokemon Go lately, to be honest.
I've just been kind of more into Ingress and Monster Hunter now.
Also, I hurt my leg really bad while walking on Tuesday night, so I haven't been able to GPS game.
Oh yeah, I had to get two stitches.
Jeez, what happened?
Oh, I was walking in the dark like a klutz, and I was kind of looking to my left going, okay, there's the skate ramp, I know where I am, and bam!
Boom!
Slammed right into a metal skate rail at the park and it actually punctured my leg I'm gonna try to show on stream, baby Free feet tonight on OLR That's not even feet, that's a calf But, um, yeah, that's, so I have like this big old bandage Plus I had to get stitches in my middle finger
No, seriously, it's on the inside of my finger.
I had grabbed something that had a sharp edge on it, and I didn't even realize it happened until I was in BevMo.
Oh, no.
Not BevMo, but Total Wine.
Shiley and I were there, and I was like, why does my hand feel... Oh, my God.
And thankfully, I had hydrocolloid bandages in there, so I just wrapped it up and kind of forgot about it until a week later when I found just a flap hanging there.
So...
I went down in the park.
I was by myself.
It was dark.
Y'all are going to think this is gross, but this is what you do.
I took my shoe off.
I wrapped my wound in my sock.
I have one hand wrapped around it.
It's bleeding.
I want to go back to the park and see if there's still bloodstains on the ground.
I left a lot of blood on the ground over there.
Somebody's going to be like, damn, someone got shot at the park.
I had to call Alan and luckily this was right near our house so he came to get me but it was still just like ugh.
So I'm like sitting there holding my leg with a sock.
Anyway.
Believe it or not, I actually keep a first aid kit on me and I have gauze and Bactrin in my purse.
That's...
Honestly, I need to carry my man bag more often for that reason.
You do need to carry your man bag.
And I actually have like full on prescription antibiotics because they just kept prescribing them to me.
TigerClaw in chat says, hopefully you put a ton of Neosporin.
Yes, Alan was smart enough when he brought the band-aid to also bring the tub of Neosporin.
So that was taken care of.
I did not end up going to the hospital that night because I was like, I don't know if this is bad enough.
And Alan was going, it's only a flesh wound.
But the next morning when I got in the shower, it was still bleeding.
And I was like, okay, this isn't good.
So yeah, I went and got the two stitches done.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So yeah, they did their thing, but we're all right.
We're good.
Anyway, I want to move on to the gaming news because I do want to make sure we're done by about eight o'clock tonight Pacific time just because I'm trying to juggle other plans here going on in my personal life.
So let's get into some gaming news and we'll start with Loki.
Alright, we're right around the corner from a new Nintendo console.
So that means shortages, right?
Because that's how it's always been, that Nintendo just can't get their shit together when it comes to stocking consoles.
Well, they want you to know that that might not be the case.
At least they're asserting that it isn't, so we'll just have to take their word for it.
But, coming out of a brand new financial call, President Shintaro Furukawa
was basically said that they have put measures in place to stop, to block, I guess, resellers.
And that measure is having lots of consoles, which, cool.
I don't think that really blocks resellers necessarily, especially if they just buy them all up.
But I like your thought process there.
Their reasoning for this is because when the Switch came out, there was chip shortages and stuff like that.
Also, more recently, during COVID and whatnot, there's been some chip shortage issues.
But now that's been resolved.
so we'll see but then again also I think back to the Wii and there were shortages there too and there weren't any chip shortages and that was using old hardware so I don't know what to think we'll just have to take their word for it and see what fuck up it ends up being when it comes out
I think there's going to be a huge demand for this thing, though, just because it's been so long since we've had Nintendo hardware.
I mean, we haven't had a handheld.
I mean, because the Switch is the handheld now, right?
Like, we know we kind of brought their ecosystems together.
So there hasn't been a new Nintendo system in a long time, and I feel like demand's going to be really big for this thing.
Really depends on what it launches with.
You know, I actually, and hot take, and not everybody's going to agree with me, I think if Metroid Prime 4 is the launch title, that's all fine and good.
I don't think that's going to be as much of a demand.
as if let's say they launch with Mario Kart 10.
If they launch with Mario Kart 10, good fucking luck getting one of these things.
It's going to be... And yes, I'm saying 10 because I believe at this point Nintendo themselves have even counted the mobile game as 9, Mario Kart Tour.
So it would be Mario Kart 10 or Mario Kart X, whatever you want to call it.
So if that ends up being a launch title, ho, ho, ho, boy.
If it's Metroid Prime, yes, it's going to be good, and there's an audience.
I don't think it's the same audience.
I'm not the audience for it.
I like Metroid, but I don't know.
I like 2D Metroid.
Not that I run Nintendo, but I would think that the smart strategy, for what it's worth, you launch with a Metroid Prime 4 in summer, and then Mario Kart 10 is your holiday release, and you have your ramp.
Right?
You ramp up that you know, like, okay, you're going to get the hardcore fans in the beginning, and then you ramp to, like, every fucking family in America wants Mario Kart in their home for the holiday.
And that, I think, allows them a little more leeway to work on these production issues and that sort of thing.
A lot of it is in launch strategy.
You launch with Animal Crossing 2.
Yeah.
Or whatever the next Animal Crossing is going to be.
Yeah.
For sure.
Because there's way more than two.
Yeah.
um let's see TigerClaw says a new Mario game on the Switch 2 seems more feasible yeah I think it'll happen eventually but yeah um DJ Ranma S says we're not in a pandemic so there should be ample supply of parts to make Switch 2 consoles
You fool.
I love you, Ranma.
You fool.
You fool.
Are you new?
Do you even go here?
Are you new here?
I got one word.
One word.
Amiibo.
I got another word.
NES Classic.
I got another word.
Super NES Classic.
The Switch, like the Wii U, like everything they've released, they have like miscalculated the number of units that they need, which is stupid.
It is...
and so on.
And they're totally going to do this bullshit now.
They're going to say, oh yeah, we're producing so many units.
So many.
Just all of the units.
And they're practically getting Trump out there going, all of the units.
There's so many.
You won't believe how many units we've seen now.
It's just the most units there have ever been.
And somehow there will also be not quite enough.
And there will be shortages.
We just couldn't possibly.
It's just so popular.
The demand.
It's just so popular.
This is the first time we've ever put out a game system where
How are we supposed to know that people wanted these things?
Like, it's just, it's gonna get to a ridiculous point.
All you have to know is just get your pre-orders in for that stuff when you can, and just hopefully you don't have to deal with bullshit with scalpers.
Yeah, for sure.
Alright, let's move on and talk about some goings on with video game film updates.
So there's a couple, you know, this is all rage now ever since, you know, Last of Us has been doing well and, you know, The Witcher did well, which I know is technically a book series, but let's be real, the video games were a big part of its success as well on Netflix.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
In May 2022, Variety reported Netflix was developing a series on Horizon Zero Dawn.
And this was based off, you know, the success of The Last of Us.
And there was going to be a live action about this.
However, this is an interesting reason.
Because of allegations made against showrunner Steve Blackman, who is attached to the project, the show is apparently now in jeopardy.
Blackman was the vision behind the Umbrella Academy project.
It was reported on June 30th in a Rolling Stone report that he's facing accusations of a long history of toxic, bullying, manipulative, and retaliatory behavior.
He created allegedly an environment of fear and distrust, took credit for others' work, and made comments that were sexist, homophobic, and transphobic.
He is denying all of the allegations.
Unfortunately, this is a story we hear out of Hollywood way too much.
I vote to bring back stocks.
Yeah.
Anyway, now on good news, lighter news, the Watch Dogs movie.
Remember the Ubisoft series Watch Dogs?
There was two games.
Three.
Was there a third game?
Yes.
Well, it shows you how much I pay attention to Watch Dogs.
So there was, yeah, Watch Dogs, Watch Dogs 2, and Watch Dogs Legion.
I have to take your word for it.
Set in the UK.
That one, you had all the different NPCs, like Grandma, that you could play as.
They had different things, and yet they recruited a big team and stuff.
All right, well, maybe a TV show could get me interested in Watch Dogs, but a TV show, or sorry, it's a film adaptation, well, that's a little shorter of a commitment, is finally actually happening.
It has made its way out of Hollywood development hell.
A movie remake was supposed to be happening even before the game ever released Finally, Ubisoft made an announcement on social media that filming began on the Watch Dogs movie with a clapboard that said lightscameraaction.exe and you can see on the clapboard it said Watch Dogs so it's actually a thing that's being made Who fucking cares at this point?
It's like so... Way to strike when the iron's hot Exactly, it's like you know
I just don't care to see the movie of that.
It just doesn't sound interesting.
QuestBuster in chat said, Lesion also had an Idris Elba-like character you could recruit, which I promptly made my main.
Now that has sold me on the game more than anything else said to date.
Drew Selva is a very fine gentleman.
Considering how old that game is, you probably could get it on the Steam sale.
It's probably $1.99 on Steam sale.
It's a good point.
Good point.
Well, Legion is $5.99 Wow, okay Watch Dogs 2, only $4.99 and the original Watch Dogs $2.99 So you could buy the entire series for like $15 right now, it sounds like $12.57 Of course there's a bundle available, of course Of course there is Oh wow, let me just add it to my backlog of games I'll never play Alright, DarkSakura, let's move on to you
Well, Nintendo is doing something right.
One thing right amongst all of this shit that they are doing with trying to protect their security.
They have officially come out saying that they are not supporting generative AI in their work.
They are not going to use it at all in game development.
And in fact the
The quote coming from Nintendo is that they are open to, of course, using any new technological advance, but they understand how this can get on the edge of copyright law, which, I mean, that goes hand in hand, I guess, with some of the other things they're doing to protect their IPs.
But I also think that maybe it's them sort of putting their money where their mouth is as well, you know, that they're not going to steal
Those concepts either.
The quote that I have here says, We have decades of know-how in creating the best gaming experiences for our players.
While we are open to utilizing technological developments, we will work to continue delivering value that is unique to Nintendo and cannot be created by technology alone.
I do think it's interesting because I almost feel like some of Nintendo's reasoning here is it's not necessarily...
what they fear about AI it's more because they don't want to put Mario and Link they don't want to put their characters into AI and have AI learn from that that there's sort of that reservation there which I find very interesting it's a good thing AI hasn't learned off of Mario or Link yet I know right but you know but I see why they don't necessarily want to embrace that
They also said, and this is another quote, in the gaming industry, AI-like technologies have long been used, for example, to control the movements of opponent characters.
So I believe that game development and AI technology have always had a close relationship.
Generative AI, which is becoming a big topic recently, can be used in creative ways, but we recognize that may also raise issues with intellectual property rights.
And that quote is actually really well said about how AI impacts.
And I see it happening in chat.
Again, we say the word AI and there's always the, yes, no, blah, blah.
And here's the thing.
AI is unavoidable.
It's going to happen.
AI is going to happen in the industry.
It's the walls and the boundary you put around AI.
And how are we using AI that I think really is what this is all about.
And a lot of the art generators out there we know get trained off of
everything else out there on the internet, which is not okay because people don't opt into that.
But AI or machine learning as it is to execute on a company's own algorithms, that's how we're going to get to 8K graphics and bigger graphics is those sorts of tools.
It's unavoidable to an extent at that point.
On top of that, it's very specific on generative AI.
I think that
I use AI-assisted tools sometimes in my graphic work for resizing and doing pixel-by-pixel correction.
That's a tool meant to do a specific thing that could have been done by one person by hand that does not steal from other people's work.
Generative AI is a completely different concept.
Good point.
So I think that people need to remember the difference between those.
Instead of saying AI is bad, they need to understand the layers of how AI can be used.
Good point.
And actually, there are some generative AI that I will support.
when a company has their own pool of artists that is all in-house that trains their thing for generating artwork or say if it's in a game and they've put a pool of assets in it going on those create your character thing and they switch out eyes instead it's just you know
A person, not a person, but the computer is randomly generating it based on the criteria.
But it has to be from a set data set that the machine is learning from instead of just an open, you know, bucket from the internet.
All right.
Well, let's move on to some more news for y'all.
And Loki, we'll go to you next with our next headline.
Yay, more piracy lawsuits from Nintendo.
Who would have seen that coming?
Anyways, so Nintendo's going after some more folks regarding piracy and modded Switches.
So first, they targeted the owner of Modded Hardware, which is a site that was selling a sold or they are selling MIG devices.
Those are like flash carts.
for the Switch.
And then, of course, the thing that probably got them in most trouble, modded Switches that included ones with pre-installed games.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
I don't think that's legal.
So, of course, they even, I guess, asked the shop to shut down.
The shop said that they agreed to do that, and then they were still up.
So, now they're getting sued.
I think that's more than fair.
The next lawsuit was for a Reddit user who goes by Archbox who runs the r slash switch piracy subreddit and aside from being an active member on there alleges that Archbox has used his position to encourage people to pirate games.
Ya think?
in Switch Piracy subreddit?
Is that what they do there?
They're not talking about, like, pirates who like the Switch?
Um... Are ya sure?
Are ya sure?
Are ya ready, kids?
Um... So, yeah, I... This isn't surprising.
Alright.
Well, let's move on.
Let's move on to a good news.
Let's talk about money made for great things.
And, you know, we have a couple of people here at the Voice Geeks Network that are involved with this charity marathon.
And of course, this is really a highlight of the year for many people.
In some ways, it's the video game Olympics, quite frankly, with that all looming around the quarter.
I think there's a lot of us that would rather watch people play games quickly for charity than watch, I don't know, diving.
Incorrect.
I would like to watch a dog play games for charity.
GameStoneQuick.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, blindfolded.
He had to, yeah, blindfolded, but he had to run through it once without the blindfold just to know, here's how I'm gonna path, here's how I'm gonna path.
And it's like memorizing it really fast to put the blindfold on and to do it again.
It was fucking impressive.
It was impressive.
He had a few mistakes, but when you consider he's blindfolded, that's incredible.
So he was using a lot of sound cues and stuff.
So yeah, just a lot of like stunts.
There's a lot of cool stunts, just like the Olympics that people do at summer games done quick.
Um,
Our pal Bobby Blackwolf goes into great detail on this on his show because he is one of the donation readers for Summer Games Done Quick.
DarkSakura, can you believe after all these years, finally, somebody forced Bobby Blackwolf to sit down and pay attention to Mass Effect 2?
Because he was a donation reader for Mass Effect 2.
He's a host.
Finally.
Finally.
And then our own voiceover guy, VXJasonXV, you heard him referenced in the intro tonight.
He was also there.
He was on the safety team, so you didn't see him on camera, but the actual event that goes on there, of course, safety and security is a very important part of that, so Jason was there doing that.
And if tonight's intro sounded a little tin canny to you, it's because he recorded that on the road in Des Moines, Iowa.
Shout out to Des Moines, Iowa.
Uh...
Driving back from Minneapolis.
So anyway, Summer Games Done Quick raised $2.5 million for Doctors Without Borders.
And, you know, again, the Ken Griffey Jr.
run with PB was getting a lot of attention, which is good because that's
Regularly.
They are going to be doing that from the 18th to the 25th of August.
I believe that's all virtual.
Somebody in chat can correct me if I'm wrong on that, but I believe that's all virtual.
The next live event will be, of course, Awesome Games Done Quick, which will be in the winter, and they've already announced that next year.
It's going to be out in, I think, was it Philadelphia or Pittsburgh?
One of the P Pennsylvania towns.
Are they not doing a TwitchCon one in San Diego this year?
Yeah.
Does this Pittsburgh?
We have not heard on TwitchCon as of yet, to be honest.
So, yeah, they have not announced this yet.
So we don't know.
But I believe that, you know, I never assume, but I believe it was announced pretty late in the game last year.
So we'll see.
Yeah, they may like wait a few months to announce that.
MrBlackWolf is in our chat right now confirming that the Flame Fatale is still all virtual and it's Pittsburgh is the town that it's going to be in for Awesome Games Done Quick.
So yeah, it sounds like it was a fun event.
Bobby had some fun video and all that stuff.
So I would encourage you if you're a subscriber here on our Twitch channel to check out Bobby's episode video archive because you can actually see because there's only so much of Games Done Quick you actually see on screen.
But there's a whole like convention.
Well, I don't know if convention is the right word.
He's compared it to like a cruise ship.
that doesn't sail.
There's all these excursions going on in different rooms.
People playing board games.
People playing arcade.
They had a whole arcade set up there.
People practicing their speedruns in another room.
There's a whole lot going on you don't really see when you're just watching on Twitch.
So it sounds like it's a lot of fun.
So check that out.
And yes, we also got dates for SGDQ 2025, which is essentially a comparable timeline next year.
It's the week after the 4th next year.
We don't know the city yet.
So we'll see.
It's exciting.
I'd like to attend one of those one day.
Well, hopefully the TwitchCon one will happen so you guys can get a little taste.
Because that's what I was able to do.
Yeah, last year.
It was pretty cool.
Alright, well let's move on.
DarkSakura in sad but unsurprising news?
Nintendo is shutting down all Wii U servers, no multiplayer, no co-op, and there are also going to be no more Wii U repairs.
End of story.
There it is.
Nothing more to say about it.
You can't buy the stuff on the shop anymore anyway, but again, that's a bummer for preservation, but...
I also understand that officially, when you can't get the parts anymore, then officially you can't have repair fronts anymore.
There will still be collectors, enthusiasts, hobbyists, mom and pop shops that might repair these depending on what they're comfortable with.
The Wii U is really a figment of our imagination at this point.
I think Nintendo would prefer for us to not think it ever happened.
I still have my Wii U hooked up.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, because I don't think I've used mine since the pandemic.
Well, the pandemic lockdown, whatever you want to call it.
Since those early days.
So we'll see.
All right.
Moving on, let's go to our next story, which I think is from Loki.
Yep.
Well, like all live service games, they just seem to die quickly.
Pretty quickly.
And that, no different for Exo Primal.
Remember that game?
Remember that game that came out a year ago?
No, I don't.
It was like mechs, but you fight dinosaurs, and when people heard Exo Primal, they were like, ooh, are we getting a new Dino Crisis game?
Nope.
Nope.
No, no you're not.
And, well, they've now said that they are done expanding the service.
That they are done with all planned exoprimal content is now complete.
And that they're going to be going back to Season 1 content.
Yeah, so it's done.
They're done.
Ranmari2 in chat says, I admit to playing games that are live service, like a lot of mobile rhythm games, but I also appreciate shmups for never doing that.
I can come back to Dodonpachi in 10 years, excuse me, Dodonpachi in 10 years, and it will be waiting like an old friend.
Yeah, like, there's nothing wrong with playing games that are a live service.
That's not anything that has to be, you know, I'm not sure you were actually apologizing, but you know, I'm just saying, there is space for games live as a service.
Here's the problem.
Suicide Squad Avengers
A music game?
Sure.
I understand why that's a live service.
I even admit I play things like Diablo 4 and maybe some people would even question if that needs to be a live service.
Well, especially the Battle Pass element of it.
I don't know.
At least they're trying to add more content with seasons and things like that.
But the problem is when you have a lot of these big characters in the room doing these live services, it leaves very little room for new IPs.
So...
Anyway, well, speaking of single player experiences, guess what?
If you have been waiting a very, very, very, very, very long time for the game Kien, guess what?
Good news.
It's finally coming out.
This game has been delayed for 22 years.
They started development on this game when OLR started.
To put it into perspective, that's how fucking long this game has taken.
In 2002, some friends in Italy got together to develop an action platformer that would contain RPG parts to it.
It was being developed for the Game Boy Advance, and now it is finally launching after all of this delay.
I mean, hell, it makes Duke Nukem Forever and its 15-year delay look like nothing.
Beyond Good and Evil 2.
We're not there yet.
I mean, working on it, right?
So anyway, a small group of friends made this game.
They did not have experience making games, but then they worked on this game.
There were breaks, crunching.
The game was finished and ready to be published, but the high cost of shipping the game on Game Boy cartridges and the fact that the game may not be successful meant the publisher did not want to publish the game.
So finally...
Thank you for watching!
Mike Def says, when should we release our game?
Hmm.
When this podcast OLR hits a thousand episodes.
That'll never happen, right?
Yes.
Weak, weak laughter ensues.
Bonds006 says, Half-Life 3 still going strong.
Yeah, there's that.
There's that.
All right.
Anyway, well, let's talk about a game that didn't happen in this segment that we do once a month.
It's not the classic game, but it's a different segment.
And we're going to roll the classic bumper anyway.
Here we go.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week all right but as mentioned DarkSakura once a month in 2024 covers a cancelled game so DarkSakura what is tonight's cancelled game of the month the cancelled game of the month is Dinosaur Planet
Yay!
How many of y'all know of Dinosaur Planet?
Raise your hand, or at least type, my hand is raised in chat, if you're in our chat.
So, Dinosaur Planet is the game that eventually became Star Fox Adventures.
And, yeah, it was pretty far along, too.
but um it was in development uh between I'd say 1999 and 2000 and Rare had put out a lot of artwork and screenshots and trailers and some of the soundtrack um and you can they're still they're still out there um and Rinmari you are correct it was Star Fox Adventures anyway um
a lot of the plot and settings were retained for Star Fox Adventures so there were two main characters one named Saber and another Crystal and Saber was a was a Vox who was like the son well he was a royal knight and the son of a wizard named Randorn
Crystal is an adopted sister who is a feline character.
And they each have their little sidekick.
So you have Tricky for Saber and Kite for Crystal.
And you would use these characters to go through different locations in different parts of the game and switch between them using these things called Swapstones that later became Warpstones.
and then each of the characters had their own weapons and you would just basically go through the game to try to
Solve the story and get to the end.
There were also some other characters.
There was Randorn, who was the wizard.
He was going through some pretty bad grief.
He basically killed a bunch of people and saved Crystal.
Sorry, she's a fox.
Sorry.
I think...
Saber is supposed to be a wolf.
Anyway.
So anyway, Randorn was eventually cut from the game and he was replaced with Earthwalker.
Lots of different changes were going through the game.
and one of his likes in the character and the story was a drop of whiskey and one of his dislikes was hangovers.
So he had a problem.
There's Jennifer, why did I say Jennifer?
General Scales who is supposed to have been a boss in Dinosaur Planet and then they had to scrap him as a boss due to being rushed so he was never the intended final boss.
You know, so you had all these characters that were pretty close to fleshed out, I would say.
And so you have different locations.
There was like Thorntail Hollow, Snowhorn Waste, Ice Mountain, Dark Ice Mines, and Krazoa Palace.
all kinds of different locations there were early versions of all of these that were found in the December 2000 build just in different states of completion there was a Discovery Falls in Diamond Bay that were removed locations that were similar to like Cape Claw there was a Plains area and that connects to Desert Force Point where there was another spellstone to be used all kinds of stuff
So going into a little bit of its production, the lead engineer, Phil Tossel, said that it actually started development right after Diddy Kong Racing in 1997.
And they were working on both that and Gemini toward the end of Nintendo 64's life.
The game had changed a bunch, as I was just saying, through some of the characters, and it was eventually settled on to be an open-world adventure with two interwoven stories, hence the two characters.
They had a character named Timber, who was the tiger character from Diddy Kong Racing, and that it was planned to be RC Pro-Am 64.
and then they you know sort of working on Donkey Kong some stuff so they decided to change it into like a prehistoric world in gameplay similar to Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time and then they'd split the characters into Saber and Crystal so Saber is a wolf, Crystal is a fox and then
Eventually, they put so much work into this, but it was intended to be Rare's last game on the Nintendo 64.
And it had so many goodies packed in.
It was going to use the Nintendo 64's expansion pack.
It was going to be a 512 megabit cartridge, which would have been the largest on the console.
but back in Kyoto Miyamoto-san had requested that Imamura Takaya to work on another Star Fox title that would leave the rail shooter genre in favor of an adventure game and so there was eventually
As Rare was pushing Dinosaur Planet more and more and even had like a huge E3 2000 demonstration.
They didn't realize that Nintendo was starting to look for Star Fox.
And so when they reviewed the content of Dinosaur Planet, that being Nintendo, they saw that Saber looked kind of like Fox McCloud.
It was just very striking.
And so Nintendo asked Rare to...
keep Dinosaur Planet quiet and had a meeting with them to marry Dinosaur Planet and Star Fox.
And so they agreed that Star Fox Adventures Dinosaur Planet would be an N64 game.
It would maintain much of the work that had already been put into Dinosaur Planet and then they were trying to work on how to bring Fox and other characters into the game and make it fit the Star Fox canon.
So
they were working on it for the Nintendo 64 and then saw that this could be something that might come out for GameCube as a launch game so they of course left Saber out, made Fox McCloud the lead it had a lot of the characters left over from Dinosaur Planet like Crystal and Tricky and then basically they redesigned her to make her well, more
Foxy.
Yeah.
Bad pun.
I know.
Um...
but her whole point in being there was to attract the male gaze what else am I going to say or maybe some lady gaze but that probably wasn't their intention so at any rate Dinosaur Planet was actually dropped from the name and this one was basically like a huge departure eventually from the original concept and
went through a bunch of different graphical upgrades for GameCube and then the game ended up being reworked to be a GameCube release and it went from there.
There you go.
Alright.
After that, Microsoft bought Rare.
Well, there it is, your classic cancelled game, but it evolved into something else, but certainly not in the same form that it was the first time.
Dinosaur Planet.
There was a little point that I wanted to say is that there was a development version for Dinosaur Planet for Nintendo 64, and I think that's the one that we're watching.
It was dated December 2000 that had been leaked online from a collector in Sweden.
and it has a unique model for Fox instead of Saber so that indicates that this transition was looking to happen well before it was going to the GameCube but yeah it's out there to play most of the game so I mean there's still a lot that's missing because it's still a developmental copy but it's out there it looks pretty fun to me
Alright, there's your cancelled game of the month.
Alright, we're gonna quickly just touch on a few more headlines and then we're gonna probably wrap it up here pretty soon.
Oh, we'll get some release dates real quick too.
Let's just touch on a few quick headlines and some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Oh boy, we had the announcement of Dead Rising Deluxe Remaster and...
DarkSakura
Um, so they are working on a Crazy Taxi reboot that will be an open world MMO.
It's got AAA power behind it, so they're really gonna push it.
Set in something like California.
Sounds like, uh, live service.
Yeah, remember how I was just saying not everything needs to be a live service game?
Anyway, buy the original Offspring soundtrack for just $5.99.
I should just play the game on my iPad.
If you want to check out games from a time when they weren't all live service game, Atari 50, the anniversary celebration, is getting an update.
It's not a free update.
It's an expanded edition of the game.
It will have two new timelines, and get this,
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
which will chronicle the rivalry between the Atari 2600 and the Intellivision.
A selection of M network games will be available alongside interviews with former Intellivision game director Don Daglau and network programmers that were involved.
David Crane's actually going to be in this as well from Activision.
So this sounds like it's really cool.
And it's like, wow.
So Atari buying Intellivision because remember that was a thing like a month ago.
Something is already paying off with some of this potential collaboration we're seeing here.
What's Human on PC?
Lifeless Moon on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
We have Nahe... I'm going to try to pronounce this.
Naheolbux Dungeon Master.
I have no idea.
It's a French name, and I butchered that.
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Then we've got Yaling Mythical Journey on PC.
Ace Combat 7 Skies Unknown Deluxe Edition on Nintendo Switch Angerfoot on PC Bleach Brave Souls on Nintendo Switch Hookahaze on PC and Nintendo Switch Muv-Luv Remastered
on Movelove Alternative Remastered.
That's on Nintendo Switch.
Parasol Stars on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Princess Maker 2 Regeneration on PC and Nintendo Switch.
And that is it.
traveling over to Japan on the Nintendo Switch.
On the 10th of July, we have Madison in a regular and collector's edition is out.
On the 11th of July, we have Princess Maker 2 regeneration and all sorts of configurations.
This is a very old game, by the way, that goes all the way back to the PC 9801.
But it's been remastered, redrawn, has all this extra stuff with it.
So that's cute.
I think there's like Princess Maker MZ on Steam on sale right now.
Yeah, I think this series would go on for a very long time.
I've got a few different versions of it.
Ace Combat 7, speaking of series that have gone on a long time, Ace Combat 7 Skies Unknown is releasing as well from Bandai Namco.
We also have 7 Scarlet is coming out in a regular and special edition.
We have Transformers Earthspark Expedition is coming out in Japan this week.
And we also have Getsui no Kusari Kyoran Moratorium is out in a regular and bonus bundle edition.
That is all just the Nintendo Switch.
Ace Combat 7 Skies Unknown for Switch
All right.
And with that, y'all, we have reached the end of the show tonight.
We're not going to do a listener roundtable tonight because, number one, we didn't get any emails.
But you can always send us some emails in the future week.
Participate at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
But also, we did take a call earlier in the show, of course, with what we were talking about.
So thanks again to Sterlok for being a part of the show tonight.
So with that, we're going to go ahead and wrap it up with some final thoughts and see you next week.
Thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, well, bless your heart because I know the beginning of this show was very – and I don't mean that in the southern way where I'm actually cursing you.
I mean thank you actually.
That doesn't always mean something bad.
I mean, thank you for sitting through what we were processing and stuff at the beginning.
So I really appreciate you all doing that.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out here on air.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or wherever you found this show go an awful long way.
Let's go around and get final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, I'm sure you're streaming tonight.
So...
yeah I'm gonna do like an hour so it's nice to have people hang out with me and I will tell everybody about my event on the 20th alright we'll see you in just a minute Loki, your final thought tonight
My final thought is I have to go back to work tomorrow.
That sucks.
Sorry, me too.
Me too.
My final thought is you're still getting the Pride outro tonight because I forgot to switch it out with our week off last week.
And you know what?
At the same time, Pride happens 365 days a year for me, so deal with it.
Thank you so much, everybody, for watching tonight.
I appreciate you all.
Have a wonderful week, and we'll see you next time.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
