This week, the internet speculates that Nintendo copied the copiers by selling ROMs downloaded
from the internet for its Virtual Console games.
But if owning a game means you can download a ROM, doesn't that also extend to the rights
holder?
And that's just one of many stories coming up right now on the show, where every gamer
has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 673 for this January the 22nd of 2017.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you in lovely Studio N7 in Sacramento, California.
Not joining us tonight unfortunately, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
She has a little bit of a sinus infection type thing and it also is kind of stormy outside,
like thunder, lightning, the whole works.
So she didn't feel up to the trip out here tonight because it does take her a good 20-30
minutes to get over here.
So she will, however, call us later in the show to do her regular segment, the classic
system of the month this week.
So we'll check in with her at that time.
But we do have in studio, as he is every week, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Now is the classic system of the month...
Oh, you're not...
A classic Loki with no mic on.
Did I not unmute it?
How did I do that?
Try again, Loki.
I did not unmute me.
Live radio, the joys and tribulations.
Anyways, as I was going to say, is the classic system of the week going to be the Nintendo
serial system?
I don't know.
I don't...
I think I'm safe to say it's not tonight because I may be privy to insider information on what
she's picked in advance.
It is not the Nintendo serial system, but she may pick that in a future month.
It is for breakfast now.
It's a serial.
Wow.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Yeah?
I have a pizza meeting.
Yeah.
And that's always a good thing.
It's funny because Loki brought in a pizza to the studio tonight and I was saying, oh,
Alan and I were actually thinking about ordering pizza because we're kind of lazy right now
tonight.
And you know, it's that whole situation where you're kind of like out of food.
So you're like, I don't really want to go grocery shopping today, especially when it's
stormy.
Can I get through one more night with just a pizza?
All right.
Us here in studio, but you guys, of course, as always, in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
where we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Like I said, it is stormy outside tonight, a little bit of rainy.
So if you were going to bootleg the show any week, I would encourage you to do it tonight.
In fact, I think Tiger Claw is on standby just in case we have a power outage or something
like that.
However, Flock O' Jones isn't here, so that should be good as far as the power outage
is concerned.
Yes.
All right.
Anyway.
So there are some folks in chat over at live.vognetwork.com that are talking about something I haven't
talked about on the show tonight and I didn't talk about in the show in advance, but so
y'all may have heard on Twitter and throughout the interwebs this week, I got married on
Thursday.
Yep.
Alan and I made it official and we went down and had a good old courthouse wedding on Thursday.
As some people have phrased it, which I guess we have too, we eloped, although that's a
weird...
Usually when you say you elope, you're eloping because maybe like your parents disapprove
or something like that, or you're trying to get away from something, I don't know, I guess
every situation is different, but elope feels weird to me because the only people that we
actually invited to the ceremony were my parents.
And that was because we had to have a witness of some sort.
So I was like, all right, we're going to invite my parents.
Alan's mother passed away many years ago.
So we had them there, but we didn't tell any friends or any other family.
He didn't tell his brothers.
I didn't tell my sister.
We didn't tell really anybody else until it was done.
I think part of that was because, well, I guess if we eloped from anybody, we eloped
from the government because the whole thing was planned.
You guys know I don't like to get too political on this show and I'm just going to just tell
you the facts and how it is.
We made a decision the day after the election that we would get married the day before the
inauguration as it is our belief and wouldn't it be lovely if we get proved wrong, but it
is our belief that there's some in this incoming administration, especially the vice president,
that would try to take this right away of same sex marriage if they're given the choice.
And also you have to consider that Prop 8 was passed in California and Prop 8 technically
is still the law in California, which sucks.
And I think if that were to go again, I feel like having been doing this show, having talked
to many people out there, having seen people in my own life kind of come full circle in
the past eight years, which we kind of saw with our last president, right?
A lot of the reason why Prop 8 passed in the first place, some claim, is because our last
president, President Barack Obama, was on record on a recording saying, I believe marriage
should be between a man and a woman.
Well, in those eight years, he certainly evolved and I think was probably the best champion
of LGBT plus rights that we've ever had in the Oval Office.
So that part's awesome.
And I think a lot of people kind of came around with him.
So I think if Prop 8 were to happen again, it would be very different, which is great.
That type of aggression is awesome.
But the reality is, if the Supreme Court were to strike it down, Prop 8 is still going to
be the law.
So you know what?
So it's one of those things.
And I realize y'all have your own opinions, I'm sure, although the relationship between
Alan and I is not really your concern at the end of the day.
But we said, you know what?
This is what we want to do.
This is a symbolic thing.
We're going to get married and do it here.
And that's it.
And a lot of people have been asking me in the past couple days, does it feel different
now that you're married?
And my honest answer is, not really.
Alan and I have been living together for the past five years anyway.
So maybe there'll be more of those subtle changes later on, especially when we file
our taxes next year and things like that.
The reason why I say it that way, and I can kind of laugh about it, is because honestly,
this was just a logical next step progression in our relationship that we've both known
has been coming for a very long time.
And so it was one of those things where we're just going to do it right now.
So there it is.
So I'm married to Alan, and that happened just days ago.
Loki, let me ask you, because I get this question a lot.
Did marriage change things for you?
Because you and Nellie were together a while before you guys tied the knot, right?
And what has, have things changed for the two of you?
You just can't leave anymore.
I don't know if that's true.
I don't know if that's true.
All right.
Let's see.
Go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Thank you.
I see a lot of people saying congratulations and I really appreciate that.
Thank you guys so much.
Let's see.
JD says, I call mine an elopement, courthouse wedding, no witnesses, et cetera.
We did have a witness and it was a family member.
So I think, I don't know.
I don't know.
Does that still apply?
I don't know.
I think I'm thinking too much about terms where I don't need to be.
Let's see.
SSG100Matt says, it's too bad you didn't do it earlier.
I think you could have gotten a signed letter from Obama congratulating you.
I didn't, I didn't even know that was a thing you could do.
Well, Obama's just a private citizen now.
Do you think if I sent him a letter and asked very nicely, I could still get something?
Maybe?
I don't know.
It's not really, it's not a high priority for us.
It's fine.
Let's see.
And SSG100Matt says, we may all have differences, but we can all agree that we're all happy
for you and Alan.
That's very sweet of you to say, and that's honestly some of the best wishes I could look
for.
Thank you very much.
I really, really appreciate that.
So there you go.
Yes, I know it's a gaming show you guys, but in a three hour show, sometimes you get the
updates on our personal lives and that was a pretty big one for me.
So there you have it.
And you know, Alan, you guys know him because he pops on the show every now and again.
He might pop on tonight.
We'll see.
But, you know, part of the reason why Alan and I click so well is because he's a big
fucking nerd like I am and he plays a lot of video games, although he's more a computer
gamer guy.
I think in the whole times we've lived together, I don't see him pick up a console game very
often at all unless we're doing like Jackbox Party Pack.
Like I think that's the console game I can sometimes, he'll watch me play.
I was playing World of Final Fantasy in the past week and he'll come in, watch me play
the game.
He'll ask a few questions about it and then he'll kind of make fun of it, which World
of Final Fantasy kind of lends itself very well to be made fun of because there's like
so many anime tropes in that game and it's really like over the top ridiculous in some
parts.
So he'll be like, you know, oh, are you playing Chibi Final Fantasy Desu Desu World of Chibi
Fart?
You know, like just make up something on the spot there.
So we bond a lot over games.
Like a game that Alan plays a lot of, in fact he's probably playing it right now if he's
listening to the show in the other room, I know he was playing it before the show, is
Overwatch.
He plays like, he's level, he just hit I think level 231 or something like that on PC.
And that's a lot of Overwatch time, right?
And I like Overwatch.
I do think Overwatch was like the best video game that was released last year in a lot
of ways, but like I probably wouldn't play Overwatch as much as I do if Alan didn't kind
of like motivate me to do that.
So it's like something we kind of do together.
And as much as it can be frustrating sometimes that we'll get matched with really good players
because of his skill rating as opposed to mine, like I do feel like I've learned a lot
more about the game and I have gotten better playing games with him.
So there's that.
All right.
I'll stop being sweet and over the top and all that stuff.
SCO and Hunter Matt in chat wants to offer different congratulations here.
SCO and Hunter Matt says, congrats Bobby.
His team is going to the Superb Owl.
That's right.
That is absolutely right.
Bobby did not do a live show tonight because you guys all know he does, he has this other
gig that he does that involves a football team in his area and said football team is
now going to be going to the Super Bowl.
So I actually, I have to check my Facebook because I actually asked him, does this mean
you get to play at the Lady Gaga concert in two weeks?
I don't, cause I don't know if they get to go to the Super Bowl or any of that stuff.
So we'll see.
We will find out.
I'm sure he will update you all on his show next week.
Let's see.
SCO and Hunter Matt says, I saw you bought Overwatch on console recently, Rob.
Yes, that is true.
It wasn't actually that recent though.
I bought it during a sale, I think Black Friday or something like that.
Vidpower says, wow, that's two Overwatch prestigious.
Yep.
He plays a lot of Overwatch.
ActDeaf says, drunk BlackWolf to call OLR.
Maybe, I'm sure he's in a very celebratory mood, but I don't think BlackWolf will be
calling tonight.
He's probably really tired from the day.
But you know who is calling in tonight?
We have an interview coming up in about 15 minutes.
We're going to be talking with a buddy of mine that's done, he's done a lot of great
like articles.
It's a neat tie-in tonight, and when he was willing to come on the show tonight, knowing
in the back of my mind that, oh, I'm going to announce a gay wedding on air this week,
I thought, oh, this is going to be the perfect guest for the show this week.
It's my pal Matt, Loki, aren't you excited?
It's my pal Matt, Matt Baum is going to be on the show, and he hosts several podcasts.
He did a lot of writing and YouTubes especially and articles about the marriage debate and
all that when that was going on leading up to the Supreme Court ruling, and he still
does a lot of that stuff, you know, just with those types of issues and what's going on
in the LGBT plus community.
But namely on tonight's show, we're going to talk to him about a project that he's doing
that has a lot to do with video games, and I really like issues like this are really
near and dear to my heart because I see myself in a lot of this, but the project he's going
to talk to us about tonight is called Playing with Pride, and it's about LGBT plus gamers
and a lot of what that community goes through.
And you know, a lot of times, when you see an article or a tweet or something from something
about like gamer X, usually one of the responses in there is, why do we need a gay convention?
When do we get a straight gaming convention?
Where's that?
You know, where's my straight pride parade and all that stuff?
And I think the cool thing about this project is that I think Matt's really trying to show
like, why, and answer that question.
So even though you might be sitting there thinking, well, I'm not gay, am I going to
be interested in this?
I think this is a really good chance for you to see something from the other side.
So anyway, I will stop talking about it and let Matt elaborate on that in about 15 minutes
when he joins us live.
But I do want to get into some gaming news right off the top of the show.
I want to talk about the switch.
And obviously, we had a very passionate, lively discussion about some of the things that are
everything that was announced with the switch last week at the initial press conference
and all that.
But in the last seven days, a lot more has come to light, right?
We've seen there's more games that are getting confirmed for the switch, right, especially
the indie department.
We saw what we saw that screenshot with cave story and 1000 to one spikes, right?
We saw, you know that.
But one thing that caught my eye was that it's also come out from some interviews and
some talking that there's not going to be a lot of media software out on the switch.
And that's a very vague way they say not a lot of media software.
Well, does that mean there's going to be like one software or there's just straight up no
software?
And the impression I'm getting is don't expect Netflix on this thing, right?
That yeah, that's incredibly dumb at this time.
You know, and it's, it's interesting reading like the tweets that I'm getting, and I'm
sure our chat room now and I turn around and look, a lot of the tweets that I'm seeing
out there are about like, you know, well, I don't need Netflix on the switch because
I have 500 other devices that all have Netflix on it.
And I get that.
But at the same time, I can't help but go, well, okay, wait, a couple things.
Hey, Nintendo's trying to make this argument that this is a new home console.
And isn't even though I in my heart of hearts believe this system is five times better when
you view it as a new handheld console that just happens to get more powerful when you're
at home, but I digress.
Isn't it kind of standard for home consoles to be living room central hubs that have things
like Netflix in them?
True, but you have to look at it the other way that it's not Nintendo not putting it
on their console.
It's Netflix not developing for that console.
So why aren't they doing it?
That's a good question.
Is it because they feel that, you know, it's obviously powerful enough to run it because,
you know, hell, a stupid tablet can run that.
Could be that they just didn't give the dev kids out to them in time.
It could be like a whole bunch of stuff.
I just think the more I hear about their system, the less like I have a preorder.
I'm probably not going to have a preorder by the time it comes out.
It's still in my possession right now.
But there's not, it's hardly anything convincing me to buy one right now.
Don't cancel it until you're sure, because it'll be hard to get it back once you do.
I don't care, honestly.
I'm just saying.
I mean, there's one game that's coming out, Zelda, which I can get on the Wii U anyways,
which by the way, they talked about what the differences are between the two systems.
It's like not really anything.
I mean, so why?
Going back to Netflix for a minute, here's the thing for me, because even though as much
as I try to look at both sides of everything that's going on in gaming, I try to be fair,
and I think I've given Nintendo a pretty fair shot on this show, and I have not canceled
either of my preorders yet.
Yes, I still have two.
But I do think this whole no Netflix thing is, I don't like it.
And I know a lot of you disagree with me, and that's fine, but it just seems like a
real missed opportunity.
That's what kind of worries me about it, is that it's a real missed opportunity for Nintendo,
especially on a thing like the Switch, where it's like, okay, let's say you're watching
Netflix on the TV or something, and then, oh, somebody wants to come in and take over
the TV for something else, like news or whatever's going on, then snap, you can take that Switch
out and continue to watch yourself on the couch with some headphones.
Didn't they show that for the Wii U?
I could swear when they were plugging the Wii U, they showed that, right?
Yes, it was the whole TV thing where you could, you know, you could take that and, you know,
someone could watch TV on there, and you can watch your whatever.
So that's what's bothering me about it, you guys.
That's what's bothering me about it, is that it feels like it's a feature that was on the
Wii U that's removed on the Switch.
That's where it's weird.
And on top of that, like, YouTube, like, hell, my son uses the Wii U tablet for Minecraft,
and mainly YouTube.
And you've talked about, too, for even yourself, as much as, you know, you give Nintendo shit
on the show sometimes, you love this thing for when your wife wants to commandeer the
TV for Grey's Anatomy, you will use the Wii U gamepad to do stuff, right?
Not so much anymore, now that I have the PlayStation VR, because I'll just play PlayStation 4 games
on that.
Okay, but you have.
But if I had a tablet for the PlayStation, yeah, I'd be down with that, but I mean, at
one time, yeah, I was, when I was playing more, like, Wii U games, and hell, when Zelda
comes out, that might be the case, but yeah, it's nice to be able to do that.
It's just, I don't think, their whole, like, online portion doesn't seem fleshed out at
all.
That's why it's not coming out right away, because it's not ready yet.
There's nothing, they have no details on anything, they don't know how much it's going to cost,
they don't know what features are going to be in it.
That's not good for a console that's coming out in less than six weeks.
You don't have any idea what your online infrastructure is going to be?
Come on!
And I do want to give credit to these comments in chat right now.
ActDeft over at live.vognetwork.com says, Netflix will be on the Switch, just give it
time.
VidPower says, Nintendo said it won't be available on launch, which means it may come
in the future.
And those are both valid and good points, but it still can't help you but feel like,
wow, it feels like what we're getting in March is the beta release, and everything is going
to be building up for holiday, which is when the console is really going to launch.
And for all practical purposes, that may be exactly Nintendo's plan.
And I think it is Nintendo's plan.
I think they're going to get another, it's going to pull another 3DS is what's going
to happen with this system.
They're going to launch it unprepared, it's not going to do great, it'll do fine because
they've sold out of pre-orders, but it's not going to, you know, they're not going to sell
a ton beyond that because there's not a lot of software out there.
And how long, I mean, can Zelda really sustain your console?
I mean, look at all the games coming out for that.
So the other thing is kind of like, I sit back and I'm like, you know, all these games
are coming out for all of these are ports of really old games.
Like Mario Kart 8 is a great game, but once again, it's just being re-released with just
a fraction of a bit extra content that honestly should have been there in the first place.
Here's the thing, the Mario Kart 8 thing where you and I totally differ on this is that I'm
looking ahead to the next nerd convention when everybody brings their Switch and we're
all going to be sitting around playing Mario Kart 8 on our individual TV screens, kind
of doing something in the same room that, like, it's an experience you can't really
get on Wii U right now.
You know what I mean?
Like, that's what I'm really looking forward to in Mario Kart 8, for me personally.
And I think Splatoon is going to be a lot of the same thing as well.
And that could bode very well for other future Nintendo games because obviously Nintendo's
the party system, right?
Mario Party on the Switch is going to be lit.
But that's the problem though.
That's the problem.
That's the party system and that's, I don't party with people with my, you know, Wii or
Wii U or whatever.
Why don't you want to party, Loki?
Come on, Loki, let's party.
That's just making quite the assumption.
But still, even on top of that though, you're basically putting out, like, the game that
was out just recently for that $60 price point still.
And what am I really in with that?
Oh, the additional tracks?
Big deal.
And why don't you just patch that shit into the Wii U version?
Oh, I'm sorry, the Wii U can't handle traditional battle mode in fucking Mario Kart 8?
That's ridiculous.
Only about 10% of our audience, give or take, is going to understand this joke, but I just
think that Nintendo is really on a missed opportunity here to market the Switch as the
official party and play system.
And they're just not doing it.
Well, who knows?
Again, maybe for the holiday.
Maybe the whole thing is, get the early adopters in March so we have some good figures to push
out for our financials so we don't lose further stock faith or whatever, and then really we're
going to push this during the holiday with a bundle with 1-2 Switch because that game
ain't going to sell on its own.
Yeah, I don't think the third party support's there though.
We've been seeing stuff, but what's EA got?
EA's got FIFA.
There's no Madden on there, which is a big deal.
There's no-
But FIFA's there though, which is bigger than Madden.
Yeah, but you know why FIFA's there?
Because not until up to a couple years ago did they still stop- they basically are still
producing the PlayStation 2 and the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 versions of those games because
other parts of the world don't have a lot of market saturation for the newer consoles.
That's not true for Madden.
That's not true for NHL.
That is true still for NBA 2K I believe, but it's just- and even with that though, those
engines are still running on versions of the game that were several years old.
Pro Evo was doing that for a while with Konami, and all they were doing was roster updates,
running on the same engine as late from 2012.
So the thing is, they're providing support for the system, but very shitty-ass support
for it.
And even Ubisoft, what are they really bringing to the system?
Shit that came out already, they're just porting over to it.
Like Rayman?
They're not developing a new Rayman game, it's just a fucking game that came out- what,
the Wii U launch?
I mean, come on, this is piss poor support from third parties.
The ports of years old games is concerning.
I think indies can get away with it a little more than some of the big boys, but you guys
know how I felt about the Skyrim thing, but to be fair, there are others who strongly
feel that Skyrim being a portable presence is going to be a huge asset.
But I want to see how that thing runs, because the thing I'm worried about is, first off,
it's not going to be the new- I don't think it's going to be the remastered Skyrim.
I think it could be just a port of the Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 version.
I mean, which would be okay, I guess, but there's just- at this point, I mean, that
sounds cool, but I even thought about it, like, why would I drop $400 for the system
in the game when I could just upgrade or buy a new laptop that can run Skyrim on the go
anyways?
And that's kind of what I'd be doing, because wherever I go, I bring my laptop, and if I'm
going to be playing games on the Switch, it's going to be at my desk at work, and I could
just easily pop out a laptop and play with an Xbox 360 controller, so why should I drop
it for that?
I mean, the Mario game looks alright, but I didn't buy the Mario game on the Wii U.
Let me go to chat for some more chat comments.
Barb over in chat, my favorite character in Stranger Things, says, everyone single take
a shot every time Rob makes a sex reference.
I hope you all aren't driving anywhere tonight.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster says, the lack of games I'm interested in is concerning.
I have a feeling that after Breath of the Wild, the Switch will just sit there while
Steam and PS4 fill the gaps for, well, everything else.
I disagree-ish.
I kind of get the concern there.
I definitely think Nintendo is trying to do this whole initial launch, and then you will
definitely see something for Holiday and Mario and all that.
But I do feel like, unlike the Wii U, they are trying to do at least something every
month to kind of keep it going.
April is Mario Kart, right?
Arms will probably be May.
Splatoon 2 is going to be June, and I honestly don't know what's beyond that.
Maybe June is E3 and we can get more announcements and so forth, but I do feel like they're trying
to pepper out some of these other releases to kind of sustain the year, if that makes
sense.
This is one little difference I see there than what we saw at Wii U, but this is a different
type of launch, too.
It's going to be launching in March, not November.
Still, that's just like the Wii U.
That's exactly like the Wii U.
Lack of third-party support, one major title coming out from Nintendo every month or so
and that's fine that Nintendo puts out decent games, but is first-party going to be enough
to drive people wanting this system?
And I, you know, I was on board with the Wii, I bought a ton of stuff for it, you know,
I played it for a while and then I didn't.
I didn't play it for a while because, you know, most of the stuff that came out later
on was multi-platform stuff and it's like, well shit, it's just way better on other systems.
The Wii U, you know, I bought a lot of stuff digital because, you know, mainly because
my son wanted to play stuff.
I bought Splatoon, never got into it, so Splatoon 2, I don't give a shit about that.
Mario Maker's pretty fun, but that's not on the new system.
Yet.
Yet.
Well, goodie, I'm not going to wait until 2018 to play a game that I have right now.
Let me get a couple more comments here because I want to make sure we get to our interview.
RPGfan says, I hear you, Loki, I'm a single player, Nintendo doesn't have much for me
beyond Zelda these days.
What about Xenoblade?
I never got into Xenoblade.
I think it's kind of cool.
Let's see, what was the other thing I wanted to say about the whole, I don't remember the
comment that put this out here.
I think maybe it was Darth Tetsuya saying, is Netflix, Hulu really that much of a deal
breaker?
Here's the last thing I want to say on Netflix that's weird to me, okay, is that Netflix
recently introduced this thing where you can actually download movies and watch them on
the go.
I think somebody in chat was saying something about, does anybody watch Netflix on portable
devices?
Yes, when I was flying to and from MAGFest, since DC is a long flight, I was watching
Netflix on my phone.
I downloaded a movie called Hurricane Bianca, which if you all watch Drag Race, you know
what that is.
I downloaded that movie and I was able to actually watch it on the flight.
That's something kind of new for Netflix that the Switch could really benefit from, is that
okay, so obviously this handheld Switch thing doesn't have a cell signal so you're not going
to be able to use Netflix unless you're on Wi-Fi, but you could download movies and then
when you start them, or like you start them on the TV and it's downloading to the Switch,
so that way if you have to pick up the Switch and go somewhere, the rest of the movie is
there.
And yes, I know there's probably a lot of concerns with the whole internal storage,
but those movies are not that big.
I think that whole Hurricane Bianca was like maybe 350 megs, which isn't a lot, and we
know the Switch is expandable, yada yada yada.
And it's only 720p, so I mean it's not like you're downloading a much larger video file.
It's not that like, what I want to say is it's not that it's a deal breaker that Netflix
isn't on the system, it's that this isn't something that they wanted, that they didn't
think of it seemed like, that it's still very much to me where they're like, oh well stay
tuned for more information about our networks, you know, our online system.
It's like, this system comes out next month, you know, it's like what the fuck, or just
a month away.
I mean like, what more time am I gonna give you?
My thought was they're trying to pepper the information the same way they're peppering
the games to keep the Switch in the gaming press.
It's not helping.
It's all negative information that's coming out.
All right, all right.
We gotta move on here because we're gonna be welcoming to the show right now a very
special guest.
And I want to get our pal Matt Baum on the line who's gonna talk to us about a project
that he's working with called Playing with Pride and I think we have him on the line
right now.
Hi Matt, are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Thanks for having me.
Thanks for being on the show.
Matt, how you doing?
I'm doing great.
How are you guys?
Good.
Did you pre-order a Switch?
Are you a Nintendo fan?
Are you into that?
Yes, yes.
So our household is very Nintendo friendly.
So my partner ordered a Switch like the day of the announcement.
And if you didn't do it the day of the announcement, you're probably not getting one right away.
Yeah, yeah.
So I'm excited.
I'm looking forward to it.
I know there's a lot of debate about the features and the power and the strange amount of storage
space and all that stuff.
But I'm just excited to play Breath of the Wild.
I'm excited for more Mario Kart.
I am curious about taking the device with me.
So yeah, I'm all for it.
I seriously think all this debate on the show, which we've done every week for the past 15
years aside, I kind of think by holiday, everything's going to be fine.
That's kind of where I'm at with it.
But anyway.
I'd like to believe that about everything in the world.
Let's hope.
Let's hope.
So anyway, we could talk about the Switch with you all night, but I want to talk about
this project that you're working on.
It's called Playing with Pride.
Tell us a little bit about this project that you're working on.
Yeah.
So in a nutshell, it's about how people's lives are transformed when gay culture and
game culture collide together.
And so the way it started is we set out to answer that question that you mentioned at
the top of the show about why gay game events or LGBT game events are important to people.
This started a couple of years ago when GamerX was getting going.
That's the game convention with the LGBT focus.
And we heard that conversation online, the questions online, oh, why do we need this?
Why do we have a gay game convention?
What does sexuality have to do with gaming?
So we're like, oh, those are good questions.
Let's find out.
We did a big road trip around the country and we interviewed people in their homes about
why they were going to GamerX.
And what we started to hear were really intense personal stories about how games help people
come out or meet their partners or find their tribe, reconcile with their family.
And so we're like, oh, there's something really important going on here.
And so what the project has turned into, we did these video interviews and we presented
some highlights at various conventions.
We showed them at PAX and GamerX and HavenCon.
We did a live stream that people can see if they go to playingwithpride.com.
You can watch a live stream that we did of some of the highlights where I talk and then
James talks and then we show some footage and go back and forth and we talk to the audience.
You can also sign up for the mailing list there at Playing with Pride for more announcements
about it.
And so now we're trying to figure out because we've got over a hundred interviews.
We've got hundreds of hours of stories.
How exactly do we want to present this to people?
And so that's one other step that we're at right now is just showing people the live
stream that we've got at playingwithpride.com and then there's a little feedback form where
people can say, oh, this is what I like, this is what I don't like, this is what I want
to see more of.
Because we've got people from all different backgrounds and all different walks of life
and all different parts of the country just sharing these stories about how games have
changed their lives.
And just a little bit of a personal testimony on this stuff as well for what I've watched
from the live stream with the interviews, I really wish I could see one of the panels
that you did.
I'd love to see that.
But I did watch the live stream bit that you did.
And just from a personal perspective, I can say being a gay guy who was really into video
games, I definitely felt like you were the outcast of two different camps.
It's like you were not pop culture savvy enough, even though I'm very pop culture savvy, but
you weren't really cool enough or whatever for the gay guys because you were a bit of
a nerd.
And then you were too gay for the nerds at some point.
So you feel like that double outcast.
So just personally to hear these other people that are saying the exact same thing is actually
really comforting for me in a way.
Yeah, it's something that we heard from a lot of people.
That feeling of, well, I don't belong with this tribe and I don't belong with this tribe
and who do I belong with?
And these are actually two groups, LGBTs and gamers are two groups that have a lot in common,
even though they don't always see eye to eye.
I think the folks in both groups have a lot to gain from playing together.
That's a really good point.
I hope a lot of people caught there is that gamers are often on the outs with the rest
of society as well.
And LGBT gets that as well.
And we could probably do more working together than shouting at each other.
Yeah, yeah, I hope so.
Because one of the things that we heard from people, we spoke to a lot of developers.
For example, we talked to people at BioWare about the creation of the character Krem
and the Iron Bull, about what happens when people are working together to make a game
more fun for everyone.
I think Krem is a really good example of that.
We spoke to, it's actually kind of amazing how this happened, because we spoke to this
one person in Vancouver about his experiences with gaming.
And he shared stories about how when he was young, he had a bootleg version of Pokemon.
I can't remember which Pokemon it was.
He had a bootleg version of one of the Pokemons.
And the save got corrupted, and the gender of the character that he was playing flipped.
And he realized, oh, this is something that matters to me, and I don't quite know why.
So we talked to him and interviewed him, and we put him in our presentation.
And so when we presented at PAX, he came to the presentation to see it.
His name is Justin Sane.
He's a great cosplayer and drag queen and community leader up in Vancouver.
And something else that we had in the presentation was Karen Weeks from BioWare talking about
the character Krem, about how that character came about, because at a feedback event that
BioWare had, they were asking people for their thoughts on the games.
And somebody came up and said about trans characters, I just want to see somebody in
the game who looks like me and isn't a monster.
And she said, well, after that, we all sat down together and we were like, we can do
this.
We can actually make this happen.
And so Justin Sane happened to be at this presentation, and afterwards he came up and
he was like, I think that person who said that was me.
I think I was the one who asked for a trans character.
And as it turns out, it was true.
And we went back and got Karen and a bunch of other BioWare folks together with Justin.
We sat them all down to talk about how he came to this event, wanted to see better trans
representation, more gender fluid representation in games.
They realized, oh, we can put people in games that we haven't, we've underserved in the
past.
And it was a great example of this virtuous cycle that happens when queer people find
their voice, find their community, and speak out.
Game developers can hear them, and it changes the way that they make games.
They make the games more inclusive so more people can enjoy them, and in turn that has
a positive effect on communities, and communities see that they're welcome in gaming, and everybody
can have a better time.
That's an outstanding story to hear, kind of like that direct influence with game makers.
But now you keep saying we, this project is not just you, your partner is involved, right?
Your partner actually worked in the game industry for a while, right?
Yeah, that's true.
James is a veteran of the game industry.
We are collaborating on this.
So he worked at LucasArts.
He worked at Capcom.
He worked at LeapFrog and some other places.
And so we're working together on this project.
He has just an encyclopedic knowledge of games, and I've absorbed as much as I can from him
through osmosis, and he's got this great knack for putting a game in front of me and saying,
I think you'll like this, and he's always right.
So it's thanks to him, because I was kind of a gamer as a kid, and then it kind of fell
away in high school and college.
And then once James and I started dating, oh gosh, many years ago, he brought me back
into the fold, essentially.
He was like, you'll like this game, and you should give this one a shot.
So it's been great.
I really enjoyed working with my partner as a partner, in all senses of the word.
That's a great story.
I love that.
And you guys didn't like, you didn't kickstart this or anything like that.
You guys took this trip you wanted to do and kind of turned it into this project, right?
Exactly.
Yeah.
There may be a kickstart in the future.
We haven't decided yet.
We haven't had a need for it yet, but we may in the future.
We'll see.
That's something that we're asking people for feedback on, like how they want to see
this project progress.
So based on their feedback, we'll decide what form it's going to take.
Well, the reality is, just to say the reality is if people want a movie, those cost money
to put on Blu-ray, so there's probably going to be a need for money there, for sure.
Yes.
Yes.
So we've done all the traveling.
So far we've done out of pocket.
And it's, you know, had a blast driving around the country.
We drove from L.A. up to Vancouver and then across the country, top of the country to
Chicago and New York and into Maine, then back through Denver.
We made a pit stop in Austin for HavenCon.
And I'm going to be in Orlando later this, in March, and so I'm hoping to do some interviews
in Orlando.
And we're also looking at Europe to talk to some people in Europe at some point in 2017.
So that's going to be a bit more of an expense.
So we're figuring that out now.
Although you have interviewed some people from overseas in this, right?
Because didn't I spot Laura, I'm going to mess up her name, but the Eurogamer writer
Laura Kate Dale is in this, right?
Yeah, from Let's Play Video Games.
We were lucky enough to catch her at GamerX in San Jose, or maybe it was Santa Clara,
but in California.
So we caught her there and we talked to Jim Sterling who, well, he lives in Mississippi,
but originally from the UK.
So yeah, we have spoken to a couple people internationally, but we want to get more people
particularly from the South, particularly from rural areas, and particularly from countries
that want it to just be the U.S. experience because we'll play games everywhere.
Well Jamie's going to be bummed.
She missed tonight's show.
She's from the South.
Maybe she's out there listening.
Anyway, how has the response been at some of these conventions that you've taken this
to?
Because you mentioned you have shown this at, or your work in progress, I should say,
at GamerX.
You've taken it to PAX.
How has the response been?
Really strong.
We've had a great reaction from folks.
People are really interested.
One of the things that we're hearing a lot is, how can I see more?
We literally have 100 and something hours of people just telling stories.
We've got people talking about, for example, one of my favorite stories is these two guys
in D.C. that throw house parties, these gamer house parties where they just throw open the
doors and bring people in, so they've got zones of like, oh, the DDR is up there and
Settlers of Catan is down in the basement and we've got Mass Effect going over here
and we've got Puerto Rico going over here.
These great games about people building up community and forming essentially chosen families,
which is something that I think is familiar to a lot of queer people.
Can I just say that the house party and doing the gaming at the house party, that is actually
how about, gosh, it probably would have been 13 years ago or so, that is how I met Captain
Spike from GameBooey.org and started a lifelong friendship and obviously they're on the network
here as well at VoG and just, you all know Spike and his immense knowledge of video games
and all that stuff.
We met and connected and started a friendship because of one of those types of house parties.
It's such a big deal.
Those gamer get-togethers and the forming of community, it's so important to people,
whether it's in real life or online.
We talked to a woman in Las Vegas who, she's a mom, she's raising a kid and her son came
to her, I think he was early teens, and was like, oh, I want to play World of Warcraft
and she was monitoring his games at the time and she's like, I don't really know what that
is so I should check it out, make sure it's appropriate.
She downloads a free trial and then within a couple of months, the whole family, they
all have gaming laptops and they are going on raids together as a family and she joined
an LGBT-friendly guild, the Spectrum Guild, and it turned into this big family for her
where now everywhere she can go all over the country and visit people from the guild.
It's so important, those communities that form, because for a lot of folks, they do
feel that they don't belong, that there's something that sets them apart and games have
a really great way, nothing does this like games of bringing people together.
It's interesting you bring up MMOs and especially Warcraft and I noticed when I was watching
the footage that you had at playingwithpride.com that Warcraft was a theme that kept coming
up and even for me, that's been a thing because I just mentioned at the top of the show, Alan
and I got married after seven years together, but when we were first together, I lived here
in Sacramento, which is a good 100 miles apart.
We couldn't just drive up on a weeknight and see each other.
One of the ways that we would hang out, I'm using my quotey fingers, was through something
like Warcraft.
Warcraft allowed us to be together even though we weren't, that makes sense.
That's something that we've heard.
Warcraft has come up again and again and again.
It's tough because we don't want to make it like Warcraft the documentary, but it kind
of works out, it's like Warcraft and Bioware.
We talked to this one person in, where was it?
Just outside San Francisco, who was in the army.
He was in the army and closeted and there was no one he could tell because it was during
Don't Ask, Don't Tell and he was introduced to Warcraft as a way to just kind of get some
alone time from everyone he was stationed with and he realized he was playing as female
characters and it was something they wanted to explore more of and then he started coming
out to Don't Ask, Don't Tell went away.
He was comfortable coming out to his friends and he went into the army because he was like,
I need to be more masculine, I need to be more manly.
And Warcraft gave him permission to play as female characters and dress up and be girly
and now the latest thing that he's done, we interviewed him just after the holidays, he
went to his army, I think it was his battalion or just the group of people he serves with,
he went to the holiday party in drag, in this big princess dress and it was a huge
hit.
Everybody loved it.
It's amazing because Warcraft made him comfortable exploring his more feminine side and not feeling
this pressure that he'd been putting on himself the whole time, oh I got to be more of a man,
I got to be more stereotypically manly.
No, you don't, you don't and games are a great way to experiment with that.
If you guys have questions, of course for Matt, our chat room is open over at live.vognetwork.com.
Y'all are being quiet in there right now, but I'm assuming you're just listening intently.
But if you do have questions, you can ask those over at live.vognetwork.com, I'll try
to fit a few in here before we have to let Matt go.
But just kind of piggybacking on the Warcraft thing, I mean that's a cool story, but I was
also, like for me personally, something that kind of caught my attention was you had a
trans individual who was talking about Warcraft and that this, you know, and I don't happen
to be trans myself, so this is something I never thought of, right?
Is that this was a trans person who was playing a female character and was able to kind of
explore femininity, feminine, I can't even say this word, the feminine side through World
of Warcraft.
And, you know, it's interesting because I even know in the past I've made these jokes
and I've probably cracked them on air about how, oh, you know everybody that's playing
a woman in World of Warcraft is just some perv dude sitting there, right?
You know?
And those types of things.
And hearing a story like that definitely stopped and made me think, huh, there's definitely
a lot more to this than these stereotypes, I suppose, that are out there.
Yeah, yeah.
It's really true.
The one person that we spoke to, Jude in Bakersfield, told us a story about how when he was presenting
as female he got more sexual harassment in the game than he did after he transitioned
and was openly trans when he played.
He got harassed more as a woman than he did as a trans person.
We also heard from Laura Dale about how she was harassed for, you know, the people she
was playing with felt that she was being inconsistent with her gender and withholding something
when in reality she was just trying to figure herself out at the time.
So yeah, it's been tough for a lot of people because for sure it is possible for LGBT people
to feel very unwelcome in games, especially when you don't see yourself.
To feel like, oh, I guess maybe I'm not a gamer.
Maybe games aren't for me.
And so that's one reason why seeing yourself in games and why queer game events matter
to people.
To see yourself reflected there and to see other people like you affirms, yeah, yeah,
you exist.
You're a person and you belong here and we are eager to play with you.
And fifth dream in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com kind of piggybacking on this story a little
bit saying, I'm kind of like that with MMOs.
I've always felt pressured to be more manly, but I always play girls in games.
And since I've been playing Final Fantasy 14, and maybe it's a coincidence, but I've
kind of said, fuck it and dress more how I want and stop trying to be so much of a dude
dude.
But then again, I'm goth, so androgyny is easier.
Yeah, that's great.
So it's not just even necessarily for LGBT only people, it's a very broad spectrum.
And actually, I wanted to ask this question because our audience here at OLR is not exclusively
LGBT.
We have a lot of straight folks that listen to this program.
And we touched on this a little bit in the beginning about like, why might a straight
individual be interested in something like playing with pride?
But what I want to ask was, since you have taken this to expos like PAX, you know, which
is definitely not I mean, there's, you know, a lot of straight guys that go to PAX, like,
have you had a response from the non LGBT community?
What kind of response have you gotten?
Like, have you?
Have you heard that this project has worked in enlightening folks or what?
Yeah, well, so our goal isn't exactly to enlighten folks.
But what we've heard is that from from straight people in particular, one of the questions
that we get a lot is just how can I make my gaming environments more welcoming?
What can I do to ensure that people are having a good time?
And you know, my advice there is to listen, to ask people, you know, just to check in.
Are you having a good time?
Are you feeling okay?
Is everything comfortable?
And if there's a problem, if anyone's making you feel uncomfortable, if there's anything
that's missing, well, what can we do to change that?
What can we do to make sure everybody's having a good time?
Never underestimate the power of just asking and listening.
So that's that's been some of the response that we've heard from people who don't consider
themselves part of the LGBT community, but want to be good allies.
You know, the two things we hear are, why is this necessary?
And I think, to be perfectly honest, you know, this meaning LGBT game spaces or LGBT game
events.
And to be honest, I don't think they're necessary.
I mean, nobody needs a game convention of any kind.
We don't need it, but we like it.
It's important to us.
It matters to us.
You know, we're not going to die if they don't happen, but they really do change our lives.
And so what we found is, you know, at that collision of gay culture and game culture,
it reveals that playing together really helps us understand each other.
And that's really what it's about, that we come together, we have a good time, we make
friends, and we understand people that we might never have considered friends before.
I want to make sure, of course, I want to make sure we amply plug the playingwithpride.com
website so folks can check out this live stream for themselves and give you that feedback
that you are seeking about what happens next.
Is this a documentary or is this a video podcast?
But I also want to make sure we talk about your other projects, because you don't just
work with this playingwithpride.com.
You host a couple of podcasts yourself, right?
That's correct.
So I have a couple.
One is The Sewers of Paris, and that's at thesewersofparis.com or wherever you get your
podcasts.
And on that show, I talk to different gay men every week about entertainment that's
changed the lives of gay men.
So you know, people share stories about how Madonna or Oscar Wilde or John Waters or whatever
it is, those pieces of culture that have made a difference to them and have transformed
things for them.
I have an amazing story on one episode from this guy who watched some real cheesy 80s
films.
He was growing up in Russia and watched some really cheesy 80s films in the 80s.
They were broadcast on this pirate TV station where you had to wake up at 2 a.m. and tune
the TV to a certain channel.
And then you'd be able to watch Curly Sue got married, Curly Sue got married.
Just silly things, trading places.
But that formed this, for him and his mom who were just living together, it was the
two of them, it formed this vision of the U.S. for them of like, oh, the United States
is a lot better than this world we're growing up in, let's get out of this country.
So his mother became a mail-order bride so that they could get out of the U.S. and move
to a place where he could, it wasn't safe for him to be a gay kid in Russia, so they
moved to Seattle where he could be openly gay in a place that was a little bit safer.
And so he's just got this amazing story about how these visions of the U.S. via weird 80s
movies on a pirate TV station essentially saved his life.
So we've got lots of stories about that, about culture that has changed the lives of gay
men.
That's at sewersofparis.com.
I feel so cliche.
When I hear an amazing story like that, I feel so cliche because for me it was the Rocky
Horror Picture Show.
So you know, there's a ton of people like that, right?
Rocky Horror has been huge for our community.
But anyway, I digress.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it has and everybody has a different Rocky experience.
You know, for me it was watching it with the high school drama club and realizing, essentially
getting permission from the movie to like other boys and to be weird about gender.
Because you know, I was growing up in a fairly un-gay suburb of Connecticut in the 90s.
And Rocky Horror kind of opened that up to that song at the end, Don't Dream It, Be It.
Yeah, for sure.
And it says, go be what you want to be.
And that's why Tim Curry is like a legend and always will be for me.
Not to make this all about me, but it is part of the reason I'm still like, I'm pushing
40 years old and I'm still involved with Rocky Horror.
In fact, I'm hosting Rocky Horror here in Sacramento on February 11th, plug, plug.
But part of the reason I still stay involved to this day is so that that exists for me,
who's 18 now.
Yeah, the kids today growing up.
I actually did a Rocky episode last year around Halloween from this guy who was actually homeless
living in LA, just squatting in different places.
And the community that sprang up, and this is when it was first run in the late 70s,
the community that sprung up around the Rocky Horror Picture Show, for him, that was his
community.
Like those were his people.
That literally saved his life and gave him people to connect with when he had nobody
and nowhere to go.
So that's all on SursaParis.com.
My other podcast is Defining Marriage, and that's a little more casual.
It's where my partner James and I talk about the week's LGBT news, but we're very casual
and jokey and chatty about it.
So half the show is about, you know, like this week we're talking about why Taiwan might
become the first country in Asia to legalize marriage equality and we talked about why
that is.
We talked about some of the silly stuff that's happening in Australia around marriage and
also there's this debate going on, very tiresome debate in Taiwan about like, well, if we legalize
marriage, couldn't people marry the Ferris wheel?
And so, oh boy, that argument.
So we make fun of that.
Ferris wheels need love too.
Hey, stop it.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh boy.
You can love, you can love a Ferris wheel.
You just don't love a Ferris wheel.
Love is a spectrum of many different colors in my opinion.
And the color that I love Alan with is not the same color that I love a Ferris wheel
with.
Yes.
Yeah, there are differences.
I think that's a funny joke to make on behalf of the other side, but gee whiz, maybe they
can think of some differences between same sex couples and Ferris wheels.
So anyway, so we talk about half about like LGBT stuff and then we always get sidetracked
on what games we're playing and we had, you know, got way down in the weeds on whatever
it is, whether it's anime or we're watching Steven universe.
So we had a lot to say about Steven universe this week.
So it's a lot of, it's a lot of nonsense on top of whatever's happening in the news
this week.
Let me shift back to games a little bit here with a question from our chat room.
And you know, you've, you have, you know, not just your podcast, but you have a very
rich history with some of the, you know, articles that you've written for various, you know,
GLBT plus publications and so forth.
You know, you, you obviously kind of have finger on the pulse of all this stuff.
But as a gamer as well, SGA 100 Matt wants to know in our chat room over at live.fognetwork.com,
what are your thoughts on the nonsense online backlash over Tracer being gay, the Overwatch
character?
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Look, Tracer is a lesbian, end of story.
I mean, like that's very reductive.
Maybe she's bisexual.
Who knows?
But to be fair, the creator tweeted or the character design or something tweeted she's
lesbian.
We do know her identity is lesbian.
Okay, fantastic.
I think that's great.
Yeah, I think, sure, of course the people are having this backlash where they're like,
no, no, I, but I wanted her to be straight.
Well, for heaven's sake, if you need a attractive female video game character, please consult
all other game culture.
You have your pick of everything.
Let the lesbians have Tracer for heaven's sake.
And also like, so what?
She's a lesbian.
If you still want to fantasize her as waifu, then fucking, it's a fantasy.
It's a fantasy.
Yes, that's a good point.
Tracer does not actually exist.
She is a fictional character.
So you can believe whatever you want to believe about her.
But officially, I think it's important.
It's fun to joke about it, but it is also important to say, look, there are queer characters
in games and they're powerful and their sexuality isn't like they're defined, like they don't
shoulder the burden of representation for lesbians everywhere, that she is just living
her life and being a hero and being a lesbian.
We talked to a guy here in Seattle, Ian, who put it really nicely.
He was talking about Shepard when he was playing Mass Effect.
He said, finally, I could be the gay hero I've always wanted to be.
And I mean, what an amazing opportunity to give people, if you can create a character
that makes people feel like they can be a hero and they can be gay and they can be all
the things that make up who they are all at once.
They don't have to exclude a part of themselves.
What an amazing feeling and what a great way for people to connect.
Well, I think finally I can be the gay hero I've always wanted to be is a good note for
us to end this on.
Matt, thank you so much for being here on Orange Lounge Radio this week.
One more time, all the plugs.
What can our listener base do for you?
All the plugs.
Go to playingwithpride.com.
Check out the live stream we've got there.
Sign up for the mailing list.
We've got some amazing stuff that we're working on right now and we're excited to announce
it very soon.
So sign up for the mailing list there and you'll be the first to know when we've got
more stuff to show.
You can also check out Sewers of Paris for personal stories about the entertainment that's
changed the lives of gay men.
That's sewersofparis.com and also wherever you get podcasts.
We've got the Defining Marriage podcast where my partner and I joke and chat about what's
happening with LGBT issues.
That's DefiningMarriage.com and wherever you get your podcasts.
And I also am on Twitter, I'm at Matt Baume, M-A-T-T B-A-U-M-E, and I love to hear from
folks and I love to connect with people.
So that's a great way to connect with me.
You are a busy man, Matt, and I appreciate you taking 20 minutes, almost 30 minutes actually,
out to be on our show this week.
Dungeon Buster in chat saying this is a great interview and thanks for the perspective.
Thank you so much for being here, Matt.
Thank you guys for listening and hope to touch base with you in the future, connect
with you.
We seem to run into each other at conventions sometimes, so I hope I can come to your next
Playing with Pride presentation at whatever convention I see you at next.
Hooray!
Yeah, I'm looking forward to that and thanks so much for having me on the show.
Thank you.
Take care, Matt.
Thanks for being here.
Alrighty.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Alright, again, that's playingwithpride.com and you can also follow Matt on Twitter, Matt
Baume, M-A-T-T B-A-U-M-E.
Thank you so much for taking the time out and being on our show this week and I really
look forward to whatever is next for Playing with Pride, be it documentary, podcasts, whatever,
whatever they decide to do with it.
Anyhow, we're going to get back into some gaming news, but not until we talk about our
gaming weeks, because we are still, we're about an hour into the show.
We haven't even talked about what types of video games we've been playing this week.
So, Loki, how was your gaming week?
So this week I did purchase a new game, so I, and whoa, I played it on Steam even.
It was Happy Room.
So like, I was watching, you know, one of the YouTubers, I watched Ollie43 and he does
a lot of pretty fun GTA 5 mod videos and so one of the games he played was Happy Room
and if you've ever played like Happy Wheels, it's basically kind of the same type of thing
where you have a rag doll that you torture through, you know, all sorts of means, whereas
Happy Wheels is more of getting from point A to point B via bike or whatever and being
horribly offensive.
This is just straight up, here's a dummy, create a death trap for the dummy, do as much
damage as you can, try to kill the dummy.
And so you do that and they have different challenges like, you know, put the dummy on
a saw blade for, you know, 10 seconds or, you know, freeze, electrocute and set on fire
and, I don't know.
So I played that all this week and I finally got to the point where I unlocked the sandbox
mode and kind of the point where I'm actually getting trophies now because all of it has
to do with killing the dummy.
So it was fun, it was like, I think it was like a 10 buck game, it was pretty cheap.
But yeah, nice time killer.
And then a little bit of Ingress and I think I did manage to play a little bit of Skyrim
Remastered.
That was about it.
Alright.
My gaming week has been kind of boring compared to previous weeks because I didn't play any
real new stuff.
I thought about getting Dragon Quest VIII on the 3DS and I really do love Dragon Quest
VIII but I think it, from what I'm hearing, it seems like it might be a little bit of
a step down from the PlayStation 2 version because like the orchestrated music can't
be in there, the little screen kind of makes it a little harder for some stuff.
So I don't know, I might still pick it up at some point but I didn't end up getting
Dragon Quest VIII.
Do you guys think I made the right decision in chat, live.foggamer.com?
Let's see.
But what I did play this week, I did play more Final Fantasy XIV which, you know, I
play a lot of that game obviously.
But they just had a new patch come out in this past week which was a new story patch.
That means there's new dungeons, there's a new raid I still got to do.
There's a lot of new stuff that opened up in Final Fantasy XIV so, you know, that team's
done a great job of making sure that like new content is coming out every two or three
months that gives you something else to do, to explore.
So that's been great.
So keeps me a fan and has kept me subscribed since the beginning of Realm Reborn really
so good job to the XIV team.
And then I also played a little bit of Overwatch, been playing that like I mentioned earlier
in the show.
Alan and I will play.
I'm trying to force myself to learn some new characters.
So I've taken a weird liking to Ana lately because I learned you kind of, you can use
her scope and you really should use her scope wherever possible.
But you can really do a lot with Ana, like not even using her scope.
Like you can actually be kind of a more effective healer, just kind of like firing bullets repeatedly
at your team and using the grenades and all the other stuff that she does.
So I'm just kind of trying to learn and Ana is not an easy character because I'm not a
very good sniper.
But I've like tried to learn how to use Widowmaker a little more so I'm kind of like forcing
myself to be a better sniper, if that makes sense.
So yeah, you don't really play Overwatch.
I'm speaking a foreign language to you right now, but I swear you're missing out, Loki.
It's a real fun game.
Even if it is a shooter, not everybody's into shooters.
I have a great time with that.
I'm in the shooters.
I just don't want to play online games because it requires me to dedicate a ton of time to
that stuff and I just don't have that time anymore.
Well, you know, but the nice thing about Overwatch is those games aren't very long.
You know, I usually I'll drop in, I'll play like two or three games and then I'll get
really frustrated and just quit.
So it's kind of like, you know, drop in, drop out.
But yeah, just been playing a little bit of Overwatch as well.
So that's pretty much been my gaming week.
I haven't really gotten around to doing any new stuff.
I did do the Hatsune Miku game they released on PlayStation 4, but I can't remember if
that was last week or this week, but they released a new Hatsune Miku game on PlayStation
4, but it's you download it and you only get like two songs.
You have to buy all the rest, but it's like it's kind of a bit of money to buy the other
song.
It's like, I think if you drop the, what is it, 50 bucks or something to get both packs,
I don't know if that's the right number, sorry guys.
It's like 240 songs.
It's a lot of songs.
So I'm kind of like teetering on that buy now button, but because Hatsune Miku is as
silly and ridiculous as it is, it is kind of a lot of fun for a music game.
Like I do, I do really enjoy it.
So like I keep hovering over that buy now button, but it's like, you know, there's going
to be a sale.
Like, you know, they're going to do a sale because it's Sega, there's going to be a sale
Black Friday or something like I can get it cheaper then, but I don't know.
The question will be, uh, can I, can I hold out that long?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, uh, let's see fifth dream and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says I got all the
future tones songs day one.
I've been waiting for this for a while and there's, I think people have actually tweeted
me too, that I should just take the plunge.
So I probably will, but I just haven't yet.
I've been getting a lot of use out of just those two songs that the free, free, free
thing comes with.
Anyway, so that's it for our gaming week.
So a little bit of housekeeping, of course, you can always follow us on Twitter, twitter.com
slash O L R we're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
I do want to make sure I plug something here coming up this week, actually, actually it's
tomorrow.
So if you happen to be local, uh, it would be awesome if you want to drop by and say
hello.
Uh, for those of you that are local, um, Sacramento, I GDA, which, you know, we're buddies with
a Brie and Gabe and all the folks at Sac I GDA, uh, they're actually doing an event tomorrow
called developing a game from concept to paycheck success through community with T cubed.
And it's going down at hacker lab downtown.
And that's tomorrow at six o'clock Pacific.
And um, I don't know if they're going to stream it or anything like that.
Sometimes Brie gets it out, gets off the phone.
It's so exciting because I'm going to actually be down that way.
Well, not tomorrow.
Um, come say hello.
No, I'm going to be down that way in a couple of weeks, actually.
I'm going to be start working on there for about six weeks because I have a stint going
down there.
Nice.
Um, so I'm going to be talking to the creators of this T cubed, which is, which is actually
a physical game.
It's an actual like physical cube that you play like a modern version to tic tac toe
on.
Yeah, it's like a tic tac toe thing.
And then I tried playing on the prototype like back last, um, Sac I GDA arcade and unfortunately
I didn't quite get it.
It's evolved a lot.
I watched this little presentation that the guy did and the way he explained it to the
whole crowd in like five seconds.
So I imagine the game shifted a lot.
Um, so yeah, anyway, um, he started, I think they, they started though doing Android development
and it kind of shifted into this.
So anyway, uh, going to be talking to him live at this event.
They asked me to moderate it.
So that's why I'm, I'm plugging it cause I'm going to be there moderating this and uh,
talking about that.
So for you locals, come on down.
Um, I don't know if there will be punching pie, but possibly.
So check that out.
I'll be there.
Isn't that all you need?
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news Loki.
So the Oculus lawsuits already begun.
Um, of course with that Zenny max did, um, make a statement basically saying, you know,
the, you know, the trial has started and you know, we're excited to present our case and
all that stuff.
And we're so awesome and yeah, whatever.
So um, but what's, you know, a little bit more interesting here though.
Um, so Mark Zuckerberg is going to be testifying in the trial as well.
So I'm basically saying, you know, I, I don't think that, um, good virtual reality is fully
there yet.
It's going to take five or 10 more years of development before we get to where we want
to go.
And then kind of defending that, you know, they didn't actually steal the information
from, um, Zenny max, uh, it's, you know, they were saying that it's pretty common when you
announce a big deal or do something that all kinds of people are coming out of the
woodwork and claiming that they did some portion of the deal.
Um, like most people in court, I've never even heard of Zenny max before.
So he's basically kind of saying that they smelled money and so now they're coming and
try to get a piece of that.
So it's that Mariah Carey gift that's out there where it says, I don't know her when
it comes to Zenny max.
Right?
I mean, I originally, that's a kind of what it seemed like and they're like, oh yeah,
we want that $2 billion and we'll see.
I guess it'll all come out, you know, since it's going to trial now that we'll find out
what's going on.
Yeah.
Usually these things are settled and this is, there's both sides are being very stubborn
while they want $2 billion so that they aren't going to sell for that.
So interesting to see what actually happens or I don't know.
I can't help but think though, I don't really care how the outcome is either way because
I think the vibe looks like a better product.
So yeah, whatever.
Well, and it seems like a lot of folks are, are, are kind of coalescing around the vibe
right now.
I mean, I don't, I don't have the same insight into the VR scene as our pal Bobby does.
But just, you know, just based on what I see on Twitter and people to get the hands on
and all that, like it seems like there's more kind of coalescing around the vibe right now.
Right now.
Yeah.
And I mean, there's going to be more headsets coming out for sure from a lot of different
companies.
I mean, especially now they, they announced more coming from, you know, CES, you know,
it's going to tie in more with that windows holographic stuff and their virtual reality
OS type thing.
So that'll be interesting to see how that plays, you know, part of it.
But I mean, this certainly is a hassle.
Well, some other big news that happened this week Nintendo had another direct but this
one was not about the switch.
It was about the Fire Emblem series, which I'm going to admit, I don't get super into
the tactical RPGs.
So Fire Emblem's not usually a franchise that I get very invested in, but I do recognize
a lot of people really enjoy this franchise.
But you know, you might have been more happy if it was like the F-Zero direct or Metro
direct.
If it had been the F-Zero direct, I would have popped the popcorn.
I would have been on the couch with my pants off.
No, I'm just kidding.
TMI.
I'm just kidding.
But I would be very, very excited if it was an F-Zero direct, but I kind of like, here's
the thing.
Kind of accepting, not really accepting, but just trying to accept dealing with the fact
that Mario Kart has just kind of taken F-Zero's place.
And that was kind of solidified when they fucking put the F-Zero track in Mario Kart.
Yeah, but I think that's just a throwback thing.
I don't think that's necessarily anything.
It's not like Mario Kart replaced Animal Crossing or Zelda.
So I mean, they had tracks from those.
So I don't know.
I just think that it was, they wanted to do a track and they're like, oh, hey, our
cars kind of stick to things and it works.
I mean, Mario Kart 8 is no F-Zero.
Anyway, Act Def says, seriously, where's my Kirby direct?
It's the 25th anniversary.
Well, to be fair, Act Def, it's January, so there's time.
But what you can pray for right now is that Kirby will get more acknowledgement than Metroid
got.
I'm just saying.
Let's see.
And Akuma JP says, Japanese love their Fire Emblem.
That's true.
I mean, Fire Emblem was a series in Japan for a long time before we ever saw it.
And really, I kind of think we can thank Smash Brothers for finally getting Fire Emblem
over here because a lot of people were asking, who's these characters?
Why are they, it's too bad that same logic hasn't worked for Mother 3, but at least we
had Earthbound.
Yeah.
I mean, F-Zero, they had the 25th anniversary two years ago for that.
No new F-Zero yet.
No, not yet.
Where's the love?
Where's the love?
I don't know.
Anyway, so about the direct.
So for Fire Emblem fans, and even if you're a non-fan, maybe this is your chance to get
involved with the series because it's definitely going to show up everywhere.
For a series that was almost dead a few years ago, Nintendo was like, if you don't sell
a quarter million of these, we're done.
This is a remarkable turnaround for Fire Emblem.
So good for them.
But anyway, Fire Emblem Echoes Shadows of Valentia has been announced.
It's going to be a 3DS game, which I found interesting because I was ready to say, oh,
the 3DS is done as a Pokemon Sun and Moon, but that doesn't appear to be the case.
You got to keep pumping money in that just in case.
I guess, but wow, that was kind of surprising me.
And now it's kind of like, well, why not just put it on the Switch?
Because that's your new portable system.
Well, Fire Emblem will be getting a Switch game in 2018.
That was something else that they announced during this.
So not only is there going to be the 3DS game, but there is going to be a Fire Emblem Switch
game in 2018.
It is going to be the first console game since Radiant Dawn, which was released in 2008.
So that's a pretty big deal.
Fire Emblem Heroes also coming out.
This is Nintendo's next smartphone game.
So it's the follow-up of sorts to Super Mario Run.
But we knew they'd been working on Fire Emblem and Animal Crossing games.
So here we go.
Fire Emblem Heroes is on its way.
Originally in the presentation said it would only be on Google Play right away, but after
the fact came out and clarified, it will be a simultaneous release on both platforms.
February 2nd is the day, so that's not far away really for Fire Emblem Heroes.
This may be a good way for people like me who are kind of, I don't know, I don't really
like tactical RPG, but hey, when you put the price tag of free on it, I'll check it out.
Right?
So.
Well.
Well, BS, but there are going to be microtransactions in the game.
So we'll see how bad it is.
I can't believe they have actually, like, you know, I know they did that with Super
Mario Run on iOS and I just figured it was, you know, Apple being retarded.
But they had, you know, the whole, like, notify me.
It's almost like a pre-order for a free-to-play game, like, dude, nobody needs to fucking
notify me that there's something on the market, you know.
I don't care.
I have something that notifies me way faster.
It's called Twitter, just for the record, but even with that notify thing, it didn't
even really work.
Like, people got notified, like, mid-day after the game had already been out.
It worked as well as the fucking Amazon notify me when the Switch becomes in stock.
Twice.
Twice it was for sale.
Twice it did not fucking send one single notification.
I was signed up for that too and it never did send, did it?
We never, yeah.
It's like, what's the point, Amazon?
Why even have that if you're not gonna fucking use it?
Anyway, let's see, Fire Emblem Warriors also will be coming to the new Nintendo 3DS and
that of course is the, like, Hyrule Warriors Musou game.
What the hell was the original of that series?
Why can't I remember all this?
Thank you, Dynasty Warriors-esque type of game.
That will be also on the new Nintendo 3DS.
Interesting that they say just new Nintendo 3DS.
My thought is they have now written off the old 3DS.
Oh, yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah, I didn't.
Yeah.
Stupid.
Yeah, seeing as I still haven't bought a new 3DS, that doesn't bode well for me, but
I don't know, anyway.
That's pretty much what I wanted to say on Fire Emblem.
Did they come out and clarify that it would work on the older 3DS as well?
I don't think it will because, if it's the Warriors game, just because I think that they
did that for the new 3DS for Hyrule Warriors and it ran like shit on the regular 3DS.
And Act F confirms it's new 3DS only.
Wow.
Well, alright.
Good luck with that strategy.
Guess I better buy a new 3DS.
Oh, nope.
Nope.
Not gonna do it.
I still have the Switch, so I can always get the Switch version, but...
Yeah, I mean, it's not gonna be an underpowered system or anything, so...
Alright.
Anyhow.
Do you want to do this piece?
So, we have to divvy up Dark Sakura's stories, because she was slotted on our list here,
but she's not here.
She had to cancel last minute, so do you want to do this one, Loki?
Sure.
So, apparently some Zelda fans have uncovered the Breath of the Wild backstory from the
Special Edition map.
So they were showing off the map on the whole Treehouse livestream, and apparently people
have decoded the Hyrulean language on there, and so they've kind of gotten the backstory.
So here's what it says.
Hylians passed stories of a destined time long past where multiple races lived and worked
together in harmony.
The Sheikah tribe's blue aura breathed through the land.
This mutual prosperity continued until cataclysmic disaster struck.
The hero and the princess attempted to seal the terror, which became known as the Calamity
Ganon.
Ooh, Calamity Ganon.
That's not just regular Ganon, that's Calamity Ganon.
I like Calamity Jane.
Divine beasts awoke from four directions and deployed a mechanical army, which made the
king and his people fearful.
They fractured Ganon's powers and sealed him, but the Sheikahs were banished from the
land ever since.
So it's Zelda.
Ganon rose to power, they broke up the Triforce, it's fucking Zelda.
And that's okay, because that's the game we all want to play, so that sounds fine by me.
Anyhow, I hope that was, I hope that some people would have considered what we just
talked about, spoilers, but I really think there's a lot more layers to this game than
that one little piece.
So I hope your feathers weren't ruffled by us going over that, but it is, it is traveling
around.
It's a backstory.
I mean, it's like, it's fucking Zelda.
Everybody wants to know about this new Zelda.
They haven't, for all, you know, that's out there, they haven't said a lot about it.
I mean, sure, they've showed the game, they have the trailer and so forth, but we haven't,
we don't know a lot about the story, so it'd be interesting to see where it goes.
Anyhow, what else in gaming news, Loki?
All right.
So apparently the developer of the last Guitar Hero game, Freestyle Games, has been acquired
by Ubisoft.
Does that mean that they're going to work on something else?
Rocksmith, maybe?
I'm hoping not, though, because remember Freestyle is...
Or just Dance.
Eh, fuck just Dance.
Because Freestyle Games, remember, they did the DJ Hero franchise.
Yeah.
So...
Please, another DJ Hero game.
Or DJ something else game.
A DJ Smith type of game.
DJ Smith?
Maybe, I don't know, I don't know, maybe.
Beat Smith?
Maybe.
Dubstep Smith?
Well, I'm just glad to hear they're not closing, because their games, as far as I've heard,
have kind of underperformed, but I really feel like it's not their fault.
Like a lot of what happened at the DJ Hero and the Guitar Hero era was just like saturation
in the market of music games.
It's fucking Ubisoft, because they decided to have so many developers making just fucking
million Guitar Hero games, like they have four Guitar Hero games coming out each year,
which is too much.
And then on top of that, a lot of these other studios get rolled into fucking Call of Duty,
where they're just like, oh, we got four different studios working on Call of Duty, and some
working on DLC.
That would be where these guys would end up, had they not been purchased.
Yeah, that's really...
And so what the last thing they really did was Guitar Hero Live, which was like the reboot
of Guitar Hero, which really wasn't bad at all, but like, I think people were just like...
They don't care.
They don't care.
It doesn't have the impact anymore than it used to do.
So I'd be curious to see what Freestyle Games, but like you mentioned, they also do Call
of Duty stuff now, so they kind of have a very broad range of stuff they do, so it'll
be very interesting to see what they do when they team up with Ubisoft and what ends up
coming out.
But I imagine we won't hear anything until E3 at the earliest, if then, because projects
take time.
We may not hear anything until 2018, for all we know.
Anyhow, something you can do right now, especially if you have a PlayStation VR, you know, there
was a lot of VR games that hit early on when the thing first came out, but now it's been
drying up a little bit, even though it is January.
It hasn't been drying up, but there's just not a whole ton of like really great stuff.
Not a lot of compelling software, yeah.
Like they have that rollercoaster game that was supposed to be coming out that came out
and was just shit.
It was absolute dog shit.
So that was unfortunate, but there's not like really big games coming out for VR.
I mean, aside from Resident Evil 7, which is supposed to be next week, but beyond that,
there's not a whole ton on the horizon.
Well, something that's an added benefit now for PlayStation VR is that there is now support
for 360 degree videos on YouTube.
So the app has been updated, so you can actually look at these 360 degree videos.
Granted, there aren't a ton of them, but the New York Times, I guess, has a daily 360 video
that they do.
So I mentioned a lot of times when these new technologies come out, like you see the 4K
TVs on display at, you know, your local Best Buy or whatever.
They're always showing either like a sports thing or it's nature.
Like let's explore the insides of a volcano and you can see it in high definition and
you can make out every single rock that's there.
So I imagine these are the type of videos that are available on YouTube.
I don't have a PSVR, but I imagine these are the type of things that are available on YouTube
360, right?
Explore the insides of a volcano.
I haven't done that, but I've done them on my phone and stuff.
National Geographic goes to the rainforest, those types of things.
Yeah, I mean, it's just that kind of thing.
I mean, it's, I don't know, they're okay.
Like I watched them with like dolphins running along a boat or something.
Oh, the dolphins are cute.
It was all right.
It's like, okay.
A lot of them I find, you know, the 360 videos, it's like they really, I mean, there's really
no need for them to be 360.
I don't know.
Let's get a 360 video of a guar concert or something that I can just really be there
in the middle of things.
I want, I want, I want that guy to like inhale blood and then spit it all over the camera
at one of these like death metal shows.
That's what I want to do on YouTube 360 because I'm getting too old for a mosh pit.
So wouldn't that be an exciting experience?
Would you, would you watch a rock concert?
Maybe once.
Maybe one.
I don't know.
It's just, I tried, I guess I still have to try it out.
I haven't bothered to mess with that.
I played a lot of Yarsa.
I actually have, was it, I purchased, um, last sale, I think, um, that whole, um, Oh,
what the hell is it called now?
It was, it said the bar VR one where he actually can like throw bottles and like you could,
you can play, you can play games like you can play billiards and skeeball and shuffle
board and darts and all that stuff.
Or you can stack chairs, you can throw bottles, you can do all sorts of, and it's multiplayer
so you can play with other people.
You can throw bottles at people?
You can throw bottles at people.
Bar fight.
Yeah, you could.
You could do a bar fight or you can like stack chairs and then like knock them over or you
can, you know, just cheat and skeeball by like crawling up the, you know, skeeball thing
to drop the balls in.
Best use of VR yet.
It's pretty silly, but, um, more of that stuff please.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vognetwork.com,
use the pass phrase option.
All right, well, uh, valve, uh, obviously they are behind the HTC Vive and hopefully
they're going to be developing some more VR games.
Uh, and it has been talked about this week that valve does have more unannounced games
in the work works.
And this is straight from the Gabe himself because he did a AMA on Reddit.
Uh, and the question that was asked was, is valve still working on any fully fledged single
player games?
And the answer that Gabe Newell gave was yes, that's it.
Just, yes, very direct and to the point, I don't really care about sequels and stuff,
but like, I'm just glad they're working on something because like, honestly they haven't
had a lot come out recently and I used to like it when it was like, when they were releasing
more stuff for you, like left for dead and portal and all that stuff, I'd be just happy
for a sequel for anything or something new even just because all their stuff is pretty
fantastic.
And apparently Gabe also replied to like a half-life three question and wrote a very
tongue in cheek, the number three must not be said.
So Gabe is self-aware everybody.
So yes, I'm sure he is aware of the internet.
I'm sure.
Yes.
Gabe has apparently heard of the internet and has seen your memes.
Look out everybody.
He's listening.
Anyway.
Uh, yeah, no clues really in the AMA what else is going on, but, uh, he did say as part
of the AMA that, uh, they are trying to get more games on the source engine.
And that is the foundation of some unannounced projects.
So there it is.
He said, listen, we are not making any games with the name, with the number three in the
title period, uh, dungeon Buster in chat says, uh, are you working on something?
Yes.
Internet loses its collective shit.
Pretty much SSG.
One hundred.
Matt says, Gabe has seen your dank memes.
He's unimpressed pretty much.
Let's all hope Gabe doesn't listen to this show.
Uh, anyway, uh, dark Tetsuya jokes, half-life two episode 2.2 see that no three in there.
Oh, there'll be a new half-life game.
It'll be like a remastered half-life game.
It'll be a half, half-life full life.
Uh, all right.
Uh, Loki what's next before we get to the classic game of the week here soon half for
life.
Okay.
Um, so Nintendo, um, you know, they had, they've released, you know, Super Mario Brothers for,
you know, many times on virtual console.
Well, the Wii, um, I want to say the, yeah, the Wii version of the game, um, apparently
someone dug through the actual files on virtual console and they found out that there's, um,
some lines of code from a header from an NES file.
Now those NES files were built originally for emulators.
Um, so this basically isn't necessarily a dump from the ROM because this was added specifically
to those things to, you know, point the emulator to the right, um, ROM files to read.
So what's kind of funny is this file actually existed on the internet prior to the Wii.
So it's almost like that they downloaded the ROM and then resold it to you and the ultimate
irony.
Yeah, I know.
It's one of those things where I noticed there's, there seems to be a lot of rage around this
story or whatever, like how dare Nintendo sell us, uh, this product.
But I'm kind of like, well, it's kind of a funny gotcha in a way.
It's not a funny gotcha.
It's basically...
What?
Why not?
It's their fucking game.
Let them do what they want.
Well, right.
I understand that, but, and it is technically their property, but it's like someone dumped
it.
Okay.
Let me, I'm trying to think of the best way to describe this.
So like, um, imagine that somebody, okay, here's a good example.
I think that we can liken this to like someone fan translating a game and then they decided
to sell the game online with those translations, you know, technically it's their thing.
It's something that was added to the game, you know, um, modified to the actual ROM file
and then they're reselling it because, hey, it's our property and we would just sue you
anyways.
I mean, it's a, such a minor thing though for this NES ROM, which is kind of funny.
I think it's one of those funny, like, haha, you know, they tell us not to download ROMs
and here they are downloading ROMs and reselling them.
Well, but it, it took a long time to figure this out.
I mean, how long is Super Mario Brothers been on the Wii Virtual Console?
The Wii's a 10 year old system now.
I don't, I don't remember what was out day one for Virtual Console, but I can't imagine
this wasn't one of them.
So it's been like 10 years until people figured this out.
Right?
Yeah.
I'm just surprised they didn't redump it themselves, but I guess the data would be the same, but
the header thing that's kind of interesting.
I wonder if it actually uses the header in their emulator or if their emulator is based
off of like, you know, one of the NES emulators out there.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, uh, let's see, I gotta get to one more story here and then we'll, uh, give Dark Sakura
a call to do our classic console of the week, but, uh, speaking of Zelda and the Wii U,
it was confirmed this week that Breath of the Wild will be the last Wii U game and that
was confirmed by Reggie Fils-Aime, the man, of course, at Nintendo's America.
I'd assume that's the last Nintendo first party, right?
Right.
From a first party standpoint, there's no new development coming after the launch of
Breath of the Wild.
Okay.
But to be fair, I mean, sure, maybe a third party will put something out, but like even
the Indies started jumping ship, right?
Everybody's like, nope, we're developing for the Switch now and if you kickstart it on
Wii U, we can move that over or whatever.
But he also said we really are at the end of life for Wii U.
So, um, confirmed that that is, that's it.
Pretty sad.
Didn't last that long.
No, Wii U really didn't last that long, but we kind of, it's not surprising though.
Nintendo really wants to shift the conversation, you know, everybody's written off the Wii
U at this point.
So Nintendo really wants to shift the conversation.
They wrote it off because of the underpowered system with underpowered specs that didn't
have third party support, kind of like their new system.
I mean, so what makes you think that this is not going to fucking be a whole repeat
of this thing?
Just because, oh, I can take it somewhere and, but when the novelty novelty runs off
on that, like it just runs out, I just, I just think they're not learning their lesson
is the thing.
Well, they, they don't really have a lot of, like if the Switch is a failure, then Nintendo
is going to be, I don't know what's going to happen.
Put out a heart, put out a console that has some fucking muscle in it.
That's what you need to do.
You'll, oh, your console's not going to be the cheapest.
Big fucking deal if you have the games and the support from third party, it won't matter.
You know, something that was posed to me the other day, which I think is worth asking is
that what if Nintendo can add a little oomph in that dock because they could sell theoretically
a dock that would be capable of 4k and all this other stuff for the system, right?
They could do a little bit more of an incremental upgrade a la PlayStation four pro or a project
Scorpio, but even cheaper because it would just be the dock.
I don't think so.
And the reason for that is because I think that the way that it actually interfaces with
the dock is it's just outputting.
It's basically extending HDMI out from the system and adding a power source.
So I don't think that, I have to actually take a look at the system, but I don't think
it's like some sort of, you know, new thing.
I bet it's just like HDMI out and power in and that's it.
You know, it may be something that, it might even not even necessarily be something that
tells it it's in the dock mode.
That could be just when it receives power from the video signal through the HDMI port
that it's, okay, now I'm in portable or docked mode or something like that, but I don't think
that they're going to be able to add any extra processing to it.
What they probably will do later on down the road is release a system that's 1080p handheld
and you know, maybe a little bit beefed up specs or something like they do with all their
other systems.
It's just, I'm just, I'm very concerned by this.
This is one of the reasons I'm very hesitant about the system.
It's like, I like the idea of a portable system, but I think I'm just buying into the hype
too much and I, I don't know.
Well, we will see what happens, but for now I want to get to a segment that we do on the
show called the classic game of the week, but what a twist.
It's going to be the classic system of the month tonight.
We're going to get our good pal Dark Sakura on the line here who's going to take us down
the memory lane so we can talk about a classic system of the week.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
Um, my face hurts.
Sorry about your face.
We miss you.
Me too.
Thank you.
Um, so I have a sinus infection.
Are you wrong?
Are we, is Jamie really quiet for you guys or is it just me?
I don't know.
I'm talking loudly.
Oh yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, for some reason in studio, you're not coming through very loud, but your levels
for the folks that are listening at home look like they're just fine.
Yeah.
So anyway, sorry about that.
It's live.
What can you do about it?
Uh, how has your week been?
Jamie?
Um, kill it with fire.
Sorry to hear that.
Um, shall we take a, shall we take a trip down memory lane with the classic console
of the week?
The classic console of the month.
Oh, excuse me.
The classic console of the month.
What did, what did you pick for us?
Uh, it's actually two, but they're related, uh, the FM towns and the FM towns, Marty.
All right.
The FM towns and the FM towns, Marty.
Hold on.
I'm getting, I'm getting a little bit of music up here for folks to hear.
Sorry.
Wasn't expecting you to be that loud.
There we go.
Okay.
It sounds like writing to me.
Sure is.
Well, the FM town, um, was a computer that was put out by Sujitsu, um, between 1989 and
1997.
It was meant to be, um, a multimedia and PC, um, gaming machine.
Um, in 1993, a gaming console came out called the Marty that was compatible with all the
existing FM towns games.
So the FM stands for Sujitsu Micro and towns, um, is likely coming from Charlestown to win
the 1964 Nobel Prize in system because at the time, Sujitsu was naming all of their
PC products after Nobel prize winners.
So the computer itself, it was an eight bit computer and, um, it had a lot of, uh, parts
supplied by NEC.
Um, so you probably will see a lot of crossover for games between that and the PC engine.
Um, this one also, one of the specifics with it is that it was really dedicated for, uh,
gaming and graphics, uh, uh, applications.
It ran on, um, windows three, three one and windows 95, and it had its own OS called town's
OS that was based off of, uh, DOS.
So, um, most of the games were, uh, written in assembly and C. So that gives you any kind
of indicator for, you know, about where it was in comparison to the other things that
were out at the time.
But, um, it also, um, had a, uh, a CD ROM in 1990.
So it was pretty, pretty much ahead of its time for the day.
Um, as for, uh, the, the Marty, the Marty actually had different iterations of it.
There was, uh, a version that, like I said, came out in 1993 and it was the first 32 bit
home video game system had a built-in CD ROM and disk drive.
Um, and it was meant to run, like I said, the games that were running on the, um, FM
town's PC.
There was also the FM town 42 in 1994, um, that was a little bit lower in cost and to
play some of the other games that had a faster CPU in it.
And another one that's interesting is the FM town, uh, car Marty that was built into
cars had, um, a GPS in it.
It had, um, uh, the GPS had this audio and video guidance and it could be detached from
the car and played at home.
So it was, it was pretty crazy for its time and it could run, um, its virtual resolution
up as high as, uh, 1024 by 512 back in the day.
So as far as games that came out, the systems have a ton of games, um, as you can hear in
the background, you know, that's Raiden Densetsu, which is basically just Raiden, um, for anime
fans, I had a bunch of the nineties anime games on it, like, uh, Sanzanai's, um, Dragon
Half, um, it even included some of the fighting games like Asuka 120%, um, they had Bubble
Bobble, uh, Chase HQ, uh, I'm trying to think if there's any more that we would have seen
over here.
Oh, Emerald Dragon, which I've actually covered before, um, for classic games, uh, God of
Gods and Set Special, which was Fatal Fury Special over here, um, all kinds of great
games on there.
And, uh, even I think the only, maybe the only, um, version of, uh, Traxton 2, so had
Puyo Puyo, had all kinds of interesting games, uh, Ravenloft, Return to Zor, uh, a couple
of the Logos board games, um, so yeah, it's a great system if you're trying to find one
now, they're pretty pricey, but, um, I think that there are emulators out for it, um, and
at the time these were pretty much the best versions of a lot of these things you could
get at home if you had the system.
And so that's your classic system is the FM Towns family.
I have to admit, I have never played one, unfortunately.
Is this something that exists in the gaming vault that I just have failed to see or is
this-
No, actually I'd love to have one, but I don't actually own one.
Bummer.
Alright, y'all, you know what to get Jamie for Hanukkah next year.
Well, if I were to check eBay right now, let's see how much one of them costs so I can give
you an idea of a couple, you know, how many thousands you're gonna pay for one.
Yeah, Kuma JP in the chat says it's too expensive.
I've never seen one of those.
Uh, JD in chat says I heard about this console because Zach McCracken had a 256 color port.
So right now, an FM Towns Marty boxed with image site coming with it is $700 right now.
That's pretty pricey for an old ass computer.
I found a broken one for $135.
Oh yay.
And I found one that comes with POPO for right around $500.
So that's what you're looking at for the cost.
Alright.
Well, Jamie, anything else you want to share with the listeners here before we go to break?
Um, resist.
Alright, um, have a great week, feel better, and we'll see you hopefully back in studio
in seven days.
See you then.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
There it is, your classic console of the month.
With that, we're going to take a quick break, but don't go anywhere, we have plenty more
show to come.
We're going to talk a little bit when we come back about Super Mario Run, Pokemon Go, but
not just, not just handheld stuff, we're also going to talk about Street Fighter.
Is there a Street Fighter handheld?
I hope not because it's probably not, well, I'm talking about besides like what they did
on like the Game Boy and all that stuff.
They had Street Fighter 4 3D that was on the 3DS.
Yes, I was thinking mobile phone, but I feel like there is, and I'm sure that it sucks.
I mean, if Capcom is going to put Mega Man on mobile, you better believe that Street
Fighter is probably not about the mobile version of it.
So anyway, we are going to take a break and come back with more show, including rapid
fire news.
Emails and your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, when we come back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on the 22nd of January, 2017
with episode number 673 of our show already in progress.
If you're just joining us live, you missed a really fun part A, we were talking about
the Switch a little bit, and our pal Matt Baum joined us to talk about playing with
Pride.
So if you missed the first half of the show, I guess you're just going to have to listen
to it on the podcast.
Sadly on the podcast feed though, you don't get to take music breaks with us, so you didn't
get to hear some of the music from Ninja Gaiden that we were playing during the break here
that we were doing live.
And did you know, Loki, I can beat Ninja Gaiden one, two, and three straight through without
losing a life?
That's pretty awesome.
Yeah, actually I was sharing some alternative facts with you just then, yes.
Sorry, I was too busy and distracted looking at Bobby's little video they posted of him
making snow angels out of confetti.
Oh, with celebrating the teams going to the Super Bowl?
You can imagine I was a bit distracted.
No, that's fine, that's fine.
I think he actually has been posting on his Twitter, like people have been photoshopping
him in that video, but like with other people's faces, it's crazy, I think he's becoming a
meme or something.
I'm sure he will have lots to share on his own show next week.
So even though I'm cracking jokes about Ninja Gaiden, I don't even think I could beat the
first one when I was younger.
But I feel like I was good at video games when I was younger, like I used to be able
to beat stuff like Mega Man 2 that I go back and play now and it's like I keep dying over
and over and I don't know if it's just like I've lost the muscle memory of the levels
or whatever, but is there some like really hard to beat video game in your past, Loki,
that you beat that you're like really proud of, like I beat this video game and I am an
awesome gamer for doing so?
Um...
I don't know...
I did finish VVVVVVVVVV, except for one of the things, which was a pain in the ass and
I didn't want to do it anymore, but I got almost, I think I finished that.
I beat Rygar.
That's probably my biggest thing, because you know Rygar, you couldn't fucking save,
or it had no password, right?
The original Rygar on NES.
So it was one of those things where I had to leave it on overnight so I could come back
and play it later.
And I did, to be fair, I had a little help, I used, I don't know if it was Nintendo Power
or some other little guy.
Game Genie!
No, not that kind of cheating, like a guide, you know, this was obviously a day long before
Game Facts, but what we had back then, I think it was like a Nintendo Power or something
that had tips for getting through different levels.
So yeah, I was able to beat Rygar and heaven forbid if I could play that game for anything
now.
So anyway, let's see, I'm trying to see if anybody was answering that question over in
our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, darktedsuya says, I was waiting for the punchline.
That's in regards to the joke I made there a minute ago.
Dungeon Buster says, a speedrunner called Arcus87 on Twitch regularly runs Ninja Gaiden
around 12 minutes.
His world record is 1142, I think.
Wow, that's pretty, that's still pretty impressive.
Speaking of world records, we should give a shout out to regular guest and OLR superfan
Flaco Jones, who apparently has officially certified the fastest time in PT right now.
But I thought he didn't have it recorded.
No, he did, he got the Elgato thing, which I thought you gave it to him or Jamie gave
it to him.
Well, one way or another, probably passed through Shane or something, I don't know,
but he got the Elgato and he has, like, it's been certified on the speedrun archive site
or something like that.
That's cool.
And he keeps bidding to try to do one of the Game Stunt Quick marathons, so whenever they
let PT in, we'll hopefully see him there.
That'll be fun.
Yeah.
Cheer him on.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's see, Rama says, Bart vs. Space Mutants could not beat it.
Well then, if you couldn't beat it, that's not an accomplishment, is it?
I remember a game, I'm just messing with you, I remember a game on Super Nintendo I played
a lot of that was also very hard.
It was Bart's Nightmare?
Bart's Scary Nightmare or something about-
Bart's Nightmare, yeah.
Is that it?
And it was, like, you would jump into a page and it was some other, like, mini-game or
something, it was weird, weird-ass game.
It's weird to think the Simpsons have been around that long, where there were Simpsons
games on the Super Nintendo, yet the Simpsons is, like, still a thing that's on TV.
Have we had Simpsons games lately?
I guess it's on mobile.
Yeah, no, they had a console game, remember EA put out that was actually supposed to be
pretty good.
I just remember that mobile game everybody's playing.
Well there's that one too.
But, like, there was actually the console game, which was supposed to be pretty good,
and they did a Family Guy game, which was, I don't know, Activision did that one, I don't
know.
Alright, let's do some rapid-fire news, travel around the gaming world and check out some
news very quick.
Loki, we'll have you do yours and you can do Jamie's as well, if you don't mind.
But definitely nothing's gonna compete with the South Park game, which, I think the new
one's coming out pretty soon.
Yeah, I think it was supposed to be pretty soon, the Fractured But Whole.
The Fractured But Whole, yeah.
That is something I'm looking forward to.
So Final Fantasy XV has been patched and now they've added some additional enhancements
to the photographing.
So now, not only will you get just the random photographs, but you can actually do your
own photographs and set up, you know, custom pictures and stuff like that, so that's kind
of cool.
They also had some new packs, so they had a Holiday Pack Plus, which was the Moogle
Chocobo Carnival that opened the Festival Ensemble costume for Noctis, and the Holiday
Pack Plus exclusive photo frames, and then they had, you know, the free version as well,
which just gave you the Moogle Chocobo Carnival and a Choco-Mog Tea for Noctis and a Holiday
Pack thing.
No word on the Gladio side story, though, huh?
No, not yet.
And then they also had a self-photographing feature that was something that was added
that was what I was just talking about, but that was also one of the things that was made
available there.
I still have yet to go back and play through this.
I am just not feeling compelled at all to play through Final Fantasy XV, which is really
sad.
It's worth it.
Even less so than Final Fantasy...
What if I had that last one that was Type Zero or whatever?
Type Zero.
I have no desire to play that.
I think XV is worth playing through and you can get through it faster than almost any
other Final Fantasy game I can think of.
I can't think of any Final Fantasy game that's probably shorter than XV, which I realize
is good news and bad news.
You can make XV a longer game with all the side quests and the other things there is
to do and, of course, there's even more coming.
But to get through the base game as it is now would probably take you less time than
it would, oh God, like even Final Fantasy VI or V.
Maybe IV is just as long.
I can't remember.
But then again, IV is always shorter.
I think it's shorter than it really is because I always forget, like, oh yeah, you have the
whole thing where you go underground and there's like half the game there.
So yeah, I don't know.
You should check it out at some point though, Loki.
I guess.
Anything else?
Yeah, and then, of course, let's see, we had some more backwards compatible games, which
is awesome.
So, for Xbox One, you're going to have now Tekken 6 and also, what else was there, Mutant
Storm Empire and Midway Arcade Origins.
So those are three games that are available now.
Man, I have the Midway Treasures thing they released on original Xbox, but I don't have
the one they did on 360.
Boo.
Yeah.
And then, of course, there was a brief cameo from Overwatch.
They had the bunny symbol from D.Va that showed up in one of the pictures from the Women's
March that happened yesterday.
And, you know, to be fair, there were a lot of, I don't know if you saw some of the clever
signs that were out there, but there were a lot of very clever done signs that were
at the mark.
God, there was, what, two million people out there yesterday, just tons and tons of people,
and all with very, you know, sassy signs.
And there was a lot of pop culture references in the signs, like, just lots.
So it's pretty cool that, like, gaming is represented there as well, but, you know,
the fact that this was also the Korea Women's March, you know, I hear D.Va's a very, very,
very popular character over there, you know, because she is also the Korean representation
in the game, but, yeah, pretty cool.
Let's see.
Also, speaking of Overwatch, there are some new skins coming to the game.
The Year of the Rooster event is going to be coming to Overwatch.
It starts on January 24th and maybe runs through the 31st, and nothing official has been confirmed
as far as what the dates are that it will be running, but apparently some image leaked
out of China, and that's where people are getting it from.
Now, Blizzard teased some images of the Lunar New Year event, including some new skins for
Mei and D.Va, that actually look really, really cool, I gotta say.
Some of the images that leaked from this picture from China that was on Reddit, there's also
going to be skins for Zenyatta, Winston, Roadhog, and Reinhardt, and who knows, maybe even more
that aren't showing up on some of the publicity photos.
A week seems pretty short for an Overwatch event, so I imagine those loot boxes, you're
going to want to try to get those fast and furious, hopefully the Arcade mode will help
you earn a few more, but if not, I'm sure Blizzard will be more than happy to take your
money to open up more loot boxes where you might get one of these skins.
So there you go.
Check that out in Overwatch, starting in this next week.
Metroid, of course, always forever in our hearts, even though Nintendo doesn't seem
to do anything official for it.
Even though Nintendo won't do anything official, that does not stop the fan community.
That's right, there is yet another fan game that's been released.
It's a prequel fan game called Metroid Rogue Dawn.
It is set before Zero Mission, and it's a mission that is mentioned in the original
Metroid game manual, and that's really all it is.
So it's not a ROM hack or anything like that.
It does use the original engine though, but apparently the team that created this rebuilt
the assets and made original music for the game.
So anyhow, that is out there now.
You can check that out at ROMhacking.net, it's actually hosting the Metroid Rogue Dawn
ROM.
I'm sure it's just a matter of time until there is a cease and desist letter placed
on this game.
So is that actually like an NES ROM?
I believe so.
So that would be awesome to stick that kind of stuff onto the NES classic thing, those
nice ROM hacks.
Speaking of ROM hacks, one thing I forgot to mention is, this is kind of file this under
that, well, because I can type thing.
Somebody has made Bubsy a playable character in Streets of Rage 2.
Why?
Because they can.
Because it's silly.
Yes, that's right, so you can actually get that ROM as well.
They have that available via ROMhacking.net, so go check that out.
But yeah, he's got his own title animation and physics, and he's replacing Max Thunder.
I think it looks silly.
Why not?
I need to see this in motion, it sounds hilarious.
It's pretty awesome.
They've got a little animation from it.
Alright, that's it for rapid fire news, so let's travel around the world and check out
what's coming out in stores this week, starting with the US, Loki.
Oh goodness, I'm totally unprepared.
Let's see, well, I believe, isn't this the week for Resident Evil?
I think you're right.
Yeah, so Resident Evil 7 is going to be coming out on Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
That would also include PlayStation VR as well.
I don't think there's much else coming out here.
Let's see.
Open.
Dammit.
Okay.
And then, what else do we have here, so...
One second here.
Links we get are for 2016.
Uh oh, oh, we need to update that, sorry about that.
Yeah, it just keeps it for like September 2016 or something like that.
Okay, there we go.
Other things that are going to be coming out as well.
Let's see, we've got Tales of Berseria.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I forgot there was another Tales game.
That's going to be coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, Yakuza 0 on PlayStation 4, and then Memoranda
on PC, Mac, and Linux, The Wardrobe on PC, Mac, and Linux, TwinStar Exorcist on Vita,
Disgaea 2 is being ported to PC, and Double Dragon 4, that's coming out on PC and PlayStation
4.
Oh wow.
Yep, Digimon World Next Order on PlayStation 4, Divide on PlayStation 4, Dynasty Warriors
God Seekers on PlayStation 4 and Vita, and I believe that's it, let me just take a look
at my calendar here.
Just making sure.
Um, yeah, that's it.
Alright, then let's travel over to Japan and check out some of the releases there.
Biohazard 7, Resident Evil also gets its release in Japan this week, so it's kind of a worldwide
release of sorts, that's out on the 26th of January.
There's also some more games on the PlayStation 4, New Game, the Challenge Stage in regular
and limited edition, Momotouji Taisen Oryoku 3 in regular and limited edition, and Oh no
Katana no 4-Rhythm HD Edition in regular and limited edition.
There's lots of limited editions in Japan.
Also on the Vita, the Momotouji Taisen Oryoku 3 is also released on the Vita, as well as
Shinsei Bateki Drive Girls, Black Wolves Saga Wiege und Schwarz is out there, throw a German
name in the Japanese releases, that is also out in Japan this week on the Vita, and the
New Game Challenge Stage there as well.
One other game too, Uta no Prince Sama Repeat Love, you can get that in a regular love box
or princess box, if you so desire.
Checking out quickly the 3DS, nothing this week on the 3DS, I think things are slowing
down on that system over there, so there's really not a lot else to mention in Japan.
We could talk about the UK though, the UK has some releases coming out there, which,
what do we have on the...
Resident Evil and Sniper Ghost Warrior it looks like.
Is that it?
Yeah, that looks like it.
Just Resident Evil and Sniper, Ghost Warrior, on the Vita this, or excuse me, in Europe
this week, not on the Vita, but on the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
It's about time to get to the mailbag, let's get to it.
Every week you guys email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com, and we open up the
email bag, dive in, and pull out emails to read here on the show.
Usually Dark Sakura would do this, but since she's not here, I will fill in tonight.
So we're gonna start with this email from Asfer, who actually had sent this a couple
weeks ago, but I think we lost it in the mix up with the mailbag last week, so oops, sorry
about that, but we're gonna read it now.
Who says, hello again, this email is in response to a question Rob asked me on the previous
episode.
He wanted to know which Final Fantasy came out when I was 12, as Bobby Blackwolf's statement
is that a game typically will be a person's favorite Final Fantasy.
To preface this, I mentioned that while I have fond feelings for 9, Final Fantasy X
is my favorite, and one of my all-time favorite video games in general.
So I'm 27 years old, my birthday is in October, so that means I would have been, well, shit.
I was 12 at the time Final Fantasy X released on December 17th, 2001, damn it Bobby!
Final Fantasy X was the first game I ever played in the series.
I was introduced to it at a friend's house, and I was instantly captivated by the story,
characters, and the conditional turn-based battle system.
I remember after watching him play, I asked him to bring it over to my house on his next
visit.
That night, I stayed up past 7am playing this game.
I'd fallen in love with the world of Spira, and I couldn't wait to see what turns the
story would take next, and how our characters would deal with a force as unstoppable as
sin.
Damn, just thinking about it, I really wish Final Fantasy would return to a turn-based
battle system.
I like the conditional system that showed the order of attacks in X as opposed to the
active time battle system in 7, but even as that system was still very fun.
That brings up my question for you.
Do you like XV's approach on a more Kingdom Hearts-like battle system, or would you appreciate
the next Final Fantasy be more of a return to form and be turn-based?
Personally, while I enjoy XV, the battle system just doesn't feel like a Final Fantasy game
to me anymore.
Thanks for reading, Asfer.
Well, keep in mind, you can put Final Fantasy XV's battle system in what's called Wait
Mode, which does feel a little more traditional.
I actually don't prefer it.
I prefer the regular battle system that is not in Wait Mode.
I do think the game feels fine like that.
It is a little jarring, and I think when I first reviewed Final Fantasy XV on this show,
I kind of called it out as, this feels more like a spin-off game, which is what it started
out as, than it does a mainline Final Fantasy game.
That's not necessarily bad.
I mean, spin-off games can still be great games, right?
10-2, right?
It was pretty good, right?
But the interesting thing about your question is that I do feel like the turn-based Final
Fantasy thing is now relegated to the side games.
Like the mobile games have a lot of the turn-based stuff.
See, I like that.
I don't, I mean, I like the old battle systems.
I do too.
I didn't think there was really anything wrong with them.
Most people said that they got bored with them, and I mean, I don't know, it's just,
this battle system would be good for like another type of game.
Maybe not this.
I just don't, I don't know.
World of Final Fantasy, also a very recent side story game, also a turn-based battle
system in that game.
So I feel like if maybe that, and actually the whole like order of who goes when and
all that, actually it's different.
It uses a more like progressive time bar type thing, but I think you'd, as a 10 fan, you'd
find it acceptable.
That actually exists in World of Final Fantasy.
So I might actually encourage you, check out World of Final Fantasy because that might
be what you're looking for.
There are some other weird limitations in World of Final Fantasy, obviously the whole
like monster collecting and building the stacks, but you have to kind of build the right stacks
to get the most effective stuff.
I mean, there are some other complications of that.
It's not just like a quote unquote simple Final Fantasy game, like 10 was to kind of
just get into.
But I even think I said this as well when I first reviewed 15, I would really love it
if Final Fantasy 16 was a return to a 10 style game or a nine style game, something
that's the more traditional Final Fantasy.
It's almost like 15 they just tried too many different things and like...
But in 1500 was what I was going to say was about 16, what I'd like to see.
Yeah.
It's just like, I don't know, it just seems like, Oh, Hey, let's add these photo mode
in there and stuff.
It's like, okay, that's kind of unnecessary.
I mean, I know people like that kind of stuff, but it's kind of unnecessary.
But here's the weird thing about all that.
The newer Final Fantasy game in the retro setting with the pretty graphics and everything,
that's actually Final Fantasy 14.
And I think Final Fantasy 14 delivers on a lot of things that Final Fantasy fans will
be into.
But I completely understand a lot of people are turned off to it because it's MMO monthly
fee.
They're not interested, but I, you know, don't write off 14 because it's a fucking marvelous.
I mean, when I was playing Final Fantasy 14 this week, I finally wrapped up the story
for the last patch, the 3.4 patch, which was Soul Surrender, I think was the subtitle of
that.
Or is that the new patch?
I can't remember my patch names anymore, but I wrapped up the storyline in that patch and
it was so good.
Like Oh my God, at the end of it, I was just like, wow, that was like the twist they kind
of did with it was really good.
So yeah, I was really jazzed about it.
And I kind of realized, you know, I've said this about Final Fantasy Heavensward, like
the Final Fantasy Heavensward story before, so just the 3.0 story without getting into
any of the patches or whatever.
It is the best Final Fantasy story for me since like six, like it's so fucking good.
And I know many Final Fantasy fans will never play it because again, it's an MMO.
So I wish there was a way Square Enix could figure out a way to make 14.
I mean, then I guess it wouldn't really be 14, like do a free version, do the base game
for free or something and have just like NPCs you can play with or something.
I don't know.
I just, I really wish they'd figure a way to do that out.
But yeah, I think 14 is really, really good if you're a Final Fantasy fan.
The other thing I want to say with 14, which I thought was interesting, they did talk about,
you know, they've got another expansion.
So this is, they're ramping down.
This is the last or the, they're doing a two-part patch to wrap up Heavensward, the last expansion,
right?
We got the first part and then the second part's coming, I think in March.
And then in June, Stormblood, the new expansion is coming.
But this is something interesting Final Fantasy is doing as opposed to World of Warcraft.
Instead of bundling in Heavensward, the previous expansion with the base game, they're still
going to continue to sell Realm Reborn, the base game, the way that it is, but they're
bundling in Heavensward with Stormblood.
So if you buy Stormblood, you're essentially, essentially buying all expansions to catch
you up, which I think is interesting.
So why would you just play the base game though?
Well, I think the base game is there for people to try it out and see if they like it.
I guess because it's so inexpensive, like on these sales, it's like down below 10 bucks.
Oh yeah.
I don't know.
For sure.
For sure.
Anyway, that's my thoughts on Final Fantasy and all that stuff.
I think, I think 15, it seems like it's done well enough where we will see a Final Fantasy
16, but God, who knows when?
I mean, we still got that seven remake to get through first, right?
Do you think Square would be bold enough to do a Final Fantasy 16 trailer at this year's
E3?
No.
I don't know.
Anyway, next email is from Red the Haze who emails us and says, hey y'all, long time listener
here for, oh my gosh, 10, maybe 11 years this year.
Wow.
That's some dedication.
Thank you so much.
I realized it now.
Well, I just wanted to send an email to congratulate Sky and Alan on their union and I wanted to
thank you very much for that.
And I wanted to thank Sky, Dark Sakura, Loki, and everyone involved, including guests and
the audience for the decade of great entertainment, more power to y'all and best wishes.
Thank you so much.
Red the Haze.
Well, thank you.
Thank you for that email.
Not even a question or anything.
Just a positive pat on the ass.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Thank you for the well wishes on the wedding.
I really, really appreciate that.
One more email tonight from, uh, our good old friend, Raginator.
Hi, Robin, Loki, who, who, who knew that Dark Sakura wasn't here tonight.
So he must've wrote this through the first part of the show.
Uh, anyway, I'd like to bring up a new question to your, to you folks.
I'm sure that the two of you, as well as most of the listeners know of at least one or two
people in their lives that is more or less anti video games.
They themselves refuse to play them and won't let their kids play them.
It may be part due to the stereotype that nerds play games and they immediately go to
the Revenge of the Nerds portrayal of nerds, or they possibly want to focus solely on psychic
activity or excuse me, physical activity.
Even if it only amounts to spinning in circles, literally all that being said, what would
you say to those notions?
And Raginator continues here and we'll answer the questions.
For me, I'll say this I'm all for physical activity.
God only knows I used to be on my high school's wrestling and football teams.
Granted, I sucked at sports, but I digress.
No one in their right mind will detract from physical exercise, but mental exercise is
equally important and video games provide that.
Perhaps this is an oversimplification, but video games help develop reasoning skills
amongst other things.
Essentially all games say to the player, this is the scenario, this is your goal, and this
is the tools or mechanics at your disposal, go.
It's been shown that keeping mentally active will help stave off dementia and other issues.
Also on a more personal note, I found that gaming helps dramatically with my PTSD and
major depressive disorder, keeping my symptoms 97% or so at bay.
In terms of the stereotype, I'm not exactly sure what to say about that though.
And that is from Raginator.
So what do you think of the notions that video games, just somebody in your life hates them?
Oh, that would be your wife.
That would be my wife, except that she likes certain video games.
So that's not totally true, not totally true.
But yeah, I mean, she didn't want our kids playing video games a lot and then the kids
started annoying the shit out of her and now she's just like, just go do something
else.
I don't care what you're doing, which includes video games.
Well, here's the thing, Raginator, if I'm not mistaken, based on your calls to the show
previously, I believe you're in your thirties and you're kind of close to our age.
And I think the answer to this question has shifted a lot.
I think when we were growing up, you know, when we were around the Nintendo and the Super
Nintendo and all that stuff, I think our parents didn't have that growing up.
So it was something weird and unknown and they only knew what they saw about it on TV
or whatever.
Especially in the nineties when Mortal Kombat happened and the whole violent video games
that even went before Congress at one point and that ultimately developed in the rating
system that we have for video games today because the video game industry had the police
itself before the government did it for them, right?
So all that stuff was crazy in the media.
And so I think for that reason, video games got a certain like stereotype or stigma.
But Raginator, I really think things are kind of different now because a lot of the people
that have kids that are, you know, nine years old, 12 years old, whatever, they grew up
with video games.
So I mean, like, look at Loki.
He's a parent.
Loki grew up with video games and you have, I can never remember Josh's age, five, six,
five, six years old.
But Josh is able to play a healthy amount of Minecraft, right?
He plays an unhealthy amount of Minecraft.
It's more like watches.
He will watch videos as long as we'll let him watch videos and like anytime that there's
screens on, he'll just like kind of gravitate towards them like anything.
But you and, that sounds like me as a kid.
And he won't shut up about Minecraft like all the time.
You and Nelly, that's as parents, you guys police that what games he should play and
how long he gets to play them and all that stuff.
But you have the benefit of knowing basic stuff about video games that you kind of know
like the ins and outs, right?
You know that it's not going to...
He still watches YouTubers and YouTubers tend to swear and then they play like violent video
games on there and stuff.
I was gonna say, do you let your kid play violent games?
Uh, you know, he doesn't only, he only plays Minecraft.
He only has the Wii U that he plays on.
So it's basically Minecraft.
That's really all he plays on is just Minecraft.
And then, he had Mario Kart 8 on there.
He will play Mario Kart 8 sometimes.
He hasn't really played it in a while.
And Smash is on there.
So he'll play Smash.
But he's not really interested in that.
It's mostly Minecraft.
And then he watches Minecraft mod videos from either PopularMMOs or DanTDM.
That's his favorite YouTubers.
But anyway, it's one of those things where it's like, again, I think the public perception
has shifted a lot.
And the people that are still anti-video games are the people that are our parents' age.
You know, boomers.
You know, people in their, you know, depending on-
Which is weird.
Like, my dad's like so anti-video games.
Yeah, he had like a fucking collection of ColecoVision games, like 47 games.
But like, he bought me like a Nintendo.
He bought me a Texas Ocean's Things.
I'm like, you are a fucking gamer.
You have 47 fucking games.
That is, that's more than just a few.
There's just generational differences.
And that's why we have these silly labels like boomers, like Gen X, like millennials
and all this stuff.
Because there are just things in society that change generation to generation.
I mean, look back at some of the stuff that was cool when your parents were younger.
Like they used to think sitting on flag poles was cool and swallowing goldfish whole, right?
Pet rocks.
Can anyone ever explain the pet rock thing to me?
That's just, you know, but then at the same time, you look at what some of the kids today
are doing and it's like, you know, now I'm starting to feel like that old man, like,
you know, like, who thinks planking is funny?
It's just-
It's not funny anymore.
Exactly.
It's a fad.
There's just, yeah, exactly.
There's certain trends or whatever.
But the one other thing I want to point to is look at the sales of the classic NES and
how Nintendo like grossly underestimated how many that was going to sell.
If you want to believe that line, I'll leave that to you.
They really underestimated how many moms and dads wanted these, not just for themselves,
but to play with their kids, to introduce their kids to the same games that they were
playing.
A lot of kids, even though the technology's dated or whatever, a lot of kids are really
eating this classic stuff up.
Yeah, my kids always call anything that they see that's 8-bit Minecraft.
They're all, that game looks like Minecraft.
I'm like, no, that's just how games used to look.
And Rage Leader says in our chat room, he's there in the chat room clarifying, the thing
is, I know people within our own age group that are anti-video games, not just the baby
boomer generation.
And that's fair.
You know, people are just going to- people are going to be raised the way they were raised
sometimes.
So there's probably going to be people that still carry that.
Sorry, my wife thinks I look weird with a VR headset on, and eventually that's going
to be a norm.
In my opinion, though, if you watch movies, if you play Dungeons and Dragons, although
I suppose that gets a lot of negative stigma sometimes as well, but if you do all that,
why can't you play video games?
Video games are not that different from movies to me.
So anyway.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com and let's see.
Where is it?
Kaijuta says new pet rock is that hatchling thing.
I don't even know.
What's a hatchling thing?
Isn't that that popular present or whatever it is?
I don't know.
It sounds stupid.
It sounds like a new pet.
It was a Christmas present or something, right?
Yeah.
It was a must have thing that other than the classic NES was the hatchling or whatever.
Isn't that just like that candy that's banned here in America?
That's in other countries.
Poor Loco.
No, no, no, no.
Come on.
I'm talking about...
Kinder eggs.
What's the name of that Alan?
Kinder eggs.
Thank you, Alan.
Alan knew the name of it.
Kinder egg.
You could like, it was like a chocolate or something.
There's like a prize in the middle and they were afraid that kids here would choke on
it.
Well, these are, yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Wow.
Chat room knows their shit.
Kinder eggs.
And that's it for emails.
If you guys want to send us an email for a future week, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
But meanwhile, we have some more news to get into, starting with Loki.
So Super Mario Brothers Run, I know it's coming to Android soon because they have that stupid
pre-order thing or pre-register, pre-notifier, whatever the fuck it is.
Some stupid equivalent of pre-ordering for a mobile device, which doesn't make any goddamn
sense.
Nintendo announced that Super Mario Run will be coming out in March on Android and you
can, like I said, you can register for updates regarding that on Google Play Store.
I will never do that because I don't fucking care.
Like, it's not going to do it.
If you have a Twitter account, you'll know when the game's out.
Exactly.
Who cares?
Just, you'll know when it's supposed to come out and you'll check it out if you want to.
I may check out the free version of the game or not.
I really don't.
It's not something that looks interesting to me.
I, you know, again, the $10 I spent on Super Mario Run, I kind of regret.
I'm just saying.
So, you know, and I, there's some people out there that strongly disagree with me and that's
fine.
That's just my personal opinion.
All right.
Well, let's talk about Pokemon Go and then maybe, Loki, you want to pick up our story.
So Pokemon Go, still going strong.
I just hit level 26 of Pokemon Go not that long ago.
I haven't really been playing it that much.
Very little.
I've been trying to do more walking, especially on, like, my lunch breaks and I love that
little Pokemon Go Plus.
It really is incentive because I try to hatch eggs.
Are those easier to find nowadays or are they still, like, super hard to find?
I don't think they are easy to find still.
Because that's a Nintendo product.
Go fig that it's hard to find.
Yeah, because they can never estimate, you know, possible consumer wants.
Well, Pokemon Go, you know, despite all the stories that say it's dead or whatever, it
made a shit ton of money.
I mean, the research firm App Annie has estimated that for 2006, Pokemon Go made a shit ton
of money.
That's actually published on the site.
Shit ton.
No, it isn't.
It says 950 million.
But that is a shit ton of money.
That's almost a billion dollars.
So, and that's, see, that's the one downside to the fact that I do walk is that I always
need those fucking incubators and so I keep spending money on incubators and I have had
to, like, tell myself to stop.
And, like, I finally got smart.
I use my infinite incubator for all my 2K eggs because you can hatch more that way.
And I will only use the pay ones for the 10K and sometimes the 5K just depending on what's
in my inventory.
So I have to buy less of them.
But I never use a pay incubator anymore for 2K because I just, I walk too much for it.
So anyway, so yeah, that is only behind Monster Strike and Clash Royale for how much money
it made.
It launched in July.
So there is a Pokemon Go update that came out recently that also fixes GPS drift apparently.
I haven't really noticed the change that much but I didn't really have a horrible problem
with this to begin with.
So yeah, the GPS drift apparently was fixed in this most recent patch.
Don't be nice if they fix that shit in Ingress.
You can also, apparently it will show eggs that have been collected from PokeStops on
the Apple Watch and some minor text fixes.
But no word yet on Gen 2 unfortunately.
We still don't have anything outside the eggs hatching.
But I finally got my last Pokemon from Gen 2, Magmar was the last one I needed.
And I got it this week, yay!
So now I have all the Gen, I even evolved all the, I got like 3 Togepies out of eggs
and I evolved it into a Togek or whatever it's called.
So I have like all the Gen 2 you can get in the game right now.
I still don't even have all the Gen 1.
Need to find some more farms.
Anyhow, what else Loki?
So Capcom is planning on more Street Fighter.
So they're going to have some more announcements.
They're going to be coming out around E3 and San Diego Comic Con.
No words exactly on what it's going to be.
But more updates for Street Fighter 5 or something.
One thing that he said though, unfortunately Rival Schools, there's no plans for anything
regarding that.
I guess they said despite some Easter eggs that were in Dead Rising 4, there's a game
I haven't played in a while, Dead Rising.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I know that they have the Street Fighter 2 game, Ultra Street Fighter 2, the final challengers
that's supposed to be coming out.
Maybe part of that, maybe they're going to put in, because I know Evil Ryu I think is
probably in Street Fighter 5 already, but maybe like Violent Ken.
I wish there was a little something else, like maybe one more character in Ultra Street
Fighter 2 that wasn't just a reskin, but I also maybe understand the fact that Street
Fighter 2 was kind of done a long time ago, so maybe they don't want to throw off that
whole balance by introducing another new character into a game that's literally 20 years old
at this point.
I guess.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Stop remaking it then.
If you want to do that, then make a new game.
I just, I don't know.
Lame.
Alright, so apparently the next Game Developers Conference, we know that Tim Sweeney is going
to receive a lifetime achievement award, which is pretty awesome.
Tim Sweeney of course, founder of Epic Games, created ZZT.
Yeah?
Yes!
ZZT?
There's a game that I'd love to see it come back.
Some new ZZT.
And no other games.
Of course he helped develop Unreal, Gears of War, Unreal Engine, and I guess the Game
Developers Choice Awards will be on Wednesday, March 1st from 6.30 to 8.30 Pacific Standard
Time.
So that's pretty awesome.
He deserves it.
ZZT is awesome.
Will you be able to watch that online?
You said?
I think you should be able to, yeah.
I, you know, I sometimes forget to make that connection that it's the same guy who made
ZZT who also has a hand in all these newer games, so definitely a lifetime of accomplishments
in the game industry, so a well-deserved award, in my opinion.
And again, I can't say enough good things about ZZT.
I wish it would make a comeback as well, but I guess it would be hard in this day and age.
That'd be a great game on the Switch.
Ha ha ha ha.
Yeah, I think it would be.
All right, well, lastly tonight, before we get to the Skype line and your calls at Orange.
It'd be awesome, actually, to totally interrupt you here.
Sure.
ZZT on Steam with Steam Workshop support for levels.
I like that.
That would be fucking awesome.
But in the meantime, we have Frog Fractions 2.
Anyhow, lastly tonight, before we get to the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio, a brand
new cooking show that appeals to gamers made its debut in South Korea.
That's right.
It's a South Korean World of Warcraft cooking show aired on TV this week.
Yeah, no, really.
This really happened.
It aired, I think, just yesterday, and it's called Wow!
Recipe?
The Meal is Ready.
At least that's what the title translates to.
And it stars Choi Hun Suk, hopefully I pronounced that right, sorry, a famous chef who appears
on South Korean television.
But in this particular show, this guy happens to be a WoW player.
So he cooks dishes called murloc soup and hellhound sweet and sour fish while the guests
in the studio share stories from and about the game.
I actually think that's kind of awesome.
Like as much as we can sit here and kind of joke like LOL WoW cooking show, I mean, we
sit here and talk about video games as we're talking about food.
Well, yeah, there's one I watched.
This is kind of the perfect TV show.
Thanks to Reddit, there was a, and I now of course, I don't remember what the series
of that.
Look at my phone here real quick.
But there was a cooking show for like based off TV and movies, like different recipes
or like dishes that are in there.
They're like, well, how would they make it like one of the ones that they did was the
turkey burger from Parks and Rec where they have the burger cook off thing.
So they made the Ron Swanson burger, which is just meat and bun.
And then they made the other turkey burger thing with like all the fancy stuff on it.
And the guy's like, actually, it's pretty good.
There's a cooking channel on Twitch now, so why not?
And an eating channel.
Wait, is there a cooking channel on Twitch or am I mixing it up with the eating channel?
I think I'm mixing it up with the eating channel.
But I'm sure now that they have what the whole IRL thing, I'm sure you could do a cooking
show on Twitch and get away with it and you wouldn't, you know, get shut down if you were
themed like this particular show is.
So SSJ 100 Matt says, it sounds like the dish where they talk about stuff and cook.
I think a show like this would work great in America.
I mean, I don't know if it would show on cable television or whatever, but at the same time,
like it sounds like not that I would know firsthand, just based on what I've heard,
it sounds like it would be great stoner TV.
Like, let's talk about video games and food.
I think there's an audience for that out there, you guys.
It's just untapped, I don't know.
Anyway, Loki, did you find the name of what you were looking for?
Um, no, I think it's Andrew Ray.
I have to check, take a look here.
Yeah, it's Andrew Ray.
It's called Binging with Babish.
And so like they do Kevin's famous chili from the office.
They had the eggs wood house from Archer and that is fucking disgusting.
This is so heavy.
I kind of want to use that.
All right, we are going to open up the Skype line right now.
You can give us a call if you want to talk about anything we've talked about so far tonight,
or perhaps you have something new you'd like to discuss.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
You can also do the old fashioned way if you must, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But the phone lines are already ringing at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, so let's get to it.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ron.
So everyone take a drink.
Hey, I will do that.
Here we go.
Drink.
Except I only have water.
Boring.
It's okay.
It's all good.
No soup waffle tonight.
You got married, so okay, you already did your drinking, so it's all good.
Maybe a little bit.
We actually, a funny story, I got to tell this aside because it was one of the moments
that really got me about the whole wedding, right?
So you know, we did this as a surprise.
We didn't tell anybody and in a very 2017 sort of way, we just knew there's really no
other way to announce it.
We told everybody on Facebook because that's just the society we live in, right?
It's a great way to get news out instantly.
So the reason why I say that is that it was really a surprise to pretty much everybody
we knew.
But Alan and I actually, we made reservations because we did this at the courthouse downtown
and then we made reservations at a really fancy French place to, you know, have dinner
as a married couple for the first time because we knew we weren't going to do any big reception.
Well when we get to the French restaurant, a friend of mine that I was doing Rocky Horror
with here in Sacramento happened to be there and she was like, you guys are dressed up
fancy.
What's happening?
And I was like, well actually we just got married and she kind of did that whole like
what?
You know, that whole thing of the surprise.
Well the reason why I tell this story, we ended up getting the table next to them, but
obviously, you know, we didn't really intrude on whatever they were doing and they didn't
really intrude on us.
But we exchanged pleasantries and they were very nice, the table and offering their congratulations
and all this stuff.
Well anyway, come the end of the night, the waiter brings by some complimentary champagne.
It says on the house and we were like, oh okay, we don't, you know, Alan especially
really doesn't drink at all, but you know, wedding night you can make an exception.
And you know, I was driving, suddenly had a little bit.
But then we were like, okay, we're ready to pay the bill.
And he said, oh, your friends at the other table already took care of it.
And I was like, you've got to be fucking kidding me.
Like in like the greatest way.
Like I think we, we let out our first married couple joint gay gasp in unison.
It turns out my friend and their party there at the table paid the bill for us and they
got the last surprise in on my wedding day.
That's pretty, that's pretty fucking awesome.
Huh?
I gotta say that's, that's a gesture I won't soon forget.
And it's one of those things where it's like, it's, it's, it's like impossible to pay back.
You know what I mean?
So I will have to pay it forward on some unsuspected married couple in the future.
Sounds like a plan, but I got a quick story about that and I'll talk about what I wanted
to call it about.
Yeah.
Let's go to the pre Facebook days around the time of MySpace.
I'm living with my older sister, her then fam, whatever.
So I get up, get dressed, go to work.
And I see her all dressed up with her husband, now husband, and I'm like, where y'all going?
They're like, oh, we're going out for lunch, whatever.
I'm just like, fine, whatever.
I go to school, go to work, come back.
My sister-in-law is stewing at the desk.
I'm just like, who pissed in your cornflakes?
And she's like, did you hear what happened?
No.
Your sister, my brother got married today.
I'm like, what do you mean they got married?
They went down to the courthouse and got married.
And I'm just sitting there like, well, that explains why they were all dressed up this
morning, huh?
That's funny.
So you, you knew that you'd seen them dressed up, but you, they just like, oh, we're going
to lunch.
Oh, okay.
No biggie.
That's funny.
That's a good story.
No, nobody saw us leaving the house since Alan and I live alone, don't have any roommates
anymore.
We just, you know, went and did our thing.
There were a lot of other couples there though.
Exactly.
Another, like an older, but another gay couple was doing the same thing we were doing.
That is hope ruptures.
Yeah.
They, they wished us congratulations and we did the same, but there was a variety of couples
there.
There was a very young looking couple getting married as well with a few of their family
members.
But anyway, marriage, they could talk all night.
Yeah.
Now let's talk the switch real quick.
Sure.
I don't know if you know, but there, there are some gaming laptops out there where you
can buy a dock for it.
And in this dock you can add a standard desktop video card and give it more power.
There are some, there's talk of some docs where you can do that.
You can add more Ram or another hard drive and stuff like that, hot swapping to make
it give it more power when you're at home.
I can see them doing something like that with the switch because I am, I had a feeling the
dock was just two USBs and additional chip set to give it more power and more memory.
Now I can see this happening if, if reports are coming out saying that the switch is not
powerful enough to run next gen games or whatever, I can see Nintendo coming up with a doc that
can do all this.
And then, so you must've been, you must've been the one that was talking about this where,
because I just brought this up with Loki during part a or something about this whole
fact that they could upgrade the doc, uh, to do like maybe some more power or whatever.
But Loki, Loki didn't seem to think that would, that would really happen when Nintendo, no,
it's not going to happen in the system that you're thinking of is like one of the razor
systems that they have, which are way overpriced in the first place and the performance out
for those docked, um, units.
It's just not the same as you would actually being an integrated cards.
It's not the, the bus isn't as fast besides you're going to be paying like way too much
money for that.
Anyways.
Um, I just, there is, they've already confirmed that there's no additional hardware in that
doc to enhance anything.
It's just literally the output is changing for the TV cause there's no point in that,
you know, outputting higher than seven 20 cause that's all the screen supports on them,
the portable.
And I would be willing to bet, you know, I haven't looked at it yet and actually one
thing, funny enough, one of the things that last night I was thinking about, I was like,
hmm, how much would it cost to make like a switch like device that actually is a PC
that I can run PC games on?
Cause that's kind of what I want to do anyways.
And so I started thinking about it a little bit and um, it probably would be pretty expensive,
but you know, the way I would have done a doc is basically just had like an HDMI and
um, power make some sort of exposed like contacts.
And then when you shove it into the doc, then it makes those connections and everything.
And I haven't gotten a close up look at the doc, but I'm guessing that's probably how
it works since I would think that, you know, having like a plug or something sitting inside
there might, you might break that or might break the connection.
So that would just make the most sense to me.
But there's, I don't, there's no additional processing within that unit, within the doc.
Not even any additional cooling either.
Oh, I kind of figured much, but that one, the laptop you're talking about, it was, it's
not a Razer if it is them, it's brand new, but I know it's Alienware that has that.
Oh, okay.
Well, whatever.
I think expensive computers and Razer comes to mind.
Well, Alienware would be up there too.
Yes.
Alienware, they're also ridiculous expensive computers.
Yeah.
Well, most Razer laptops look like a really fancy MacBook Pros that run with Windows 10.
You know, something I've been thinking about though, and I guess this doesn't directly
relate to the doc thing, but it does a little bit is that I really think a lot of people
are kind of underestimating this potential, and maybe I'm overthinking it, I don't know,
but of the Windows 10 game mode and this whole thing that's coming where they're going to
allow more of your computer processing power to be dedicated to games.
I would think that this is really going to put PCs in line with what we see Project Scorpio
is going to end up being capable of, and yet there's this whole ecosystem of you can buy
the game once and you get it on both Xbox One and Windows 10 or whatever.
It's almost like Project Scorpio, whatever that ends up being, is going to be your doc
in a way.
I don't know.
It's just something weird I've been thinking about, but I'm really curious what a game
changer, wink nod, game mode's going to be in Windows 10.
Well, I can't say this much about Project Scorpio, modular.
But that's usually why people stay away from PCs and go to consoles, is because of the
whole modular thing.
So it'd be weird if they did that.
But here's the thing.
Yeah.
PCs are modular.
It doesn't take much to do upgrades, but it does take a lot of thought and requirement
if you really want to do proper upgrades or whatever.
The way I see Scorpio's going with modular upgrades, it's going to stay on there compatible
with this.
It's going to work.
They're going to keep it simple as possible.
They're going to try to make it as simple as possible.
I don't think they're going to do that.
And honestly, I think it's just going to be just a simple setup where they sell a console.
It wouldn't make any sense anyways, because the first thing you're going to have happen,
especially now that it's Windows 10 stuff, you have a lot of these games that are Xbox
One that run on Windows 10, especially if you're looking at first-party titles.
I mean, of course, once the specs come out for this and the price, they're just going
to be like, okay, what kind of PC can it build for that same amount of money spec-wise?
And I'm sure that they'll be able to come up with something that's more powerful than
it.
It's just, I don't know.
I had to see what enhancements this is actually going to offer for the price.
And I doubt that it would go modular, because what's the point at that point?
I mean, why wouldn't you just buy a PC at that point?
And for the average consumer, that doesn't make any sense either, because they're not
going to understand how to upgrade a system.
Well, I mean, I know I've talked to a lot of people who talk about how to build their
computers and so forth, and for some it's easy, and others it's quite overwhelming.
So I get it.
I mean, you could spend $400 to build a pretty decent gaming PC, or you spend $400 on a powerful
console, everything is set, grab it, plug, and go.
It's just what it boils down to.
They just, people, console players, they want to keep it simple as possible.
All right, well, we'll see.
We got E3 is going to unveil a lot, I think, in that regard.
I think Microsoft will pour a lot into E3, so we'll see.
But anyway, Brahma, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls, okay?
Oh, no problem, dude.
All right.
Anime Jam session.
Everybody listen.
Damn right.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
You too.
Bye.
All right.
Skypline's lit tonight.
Let's get to the next call.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Hi, this is YYR.
Hey, my friend.
Ooh, you're echoing just a little bit, but hopefully Skype will equalize there.
But what's on your mind, my friend?
Sorry if there's echoing.
It's because I'm in my dining room and there isn't much on the walls yet.
Ah, okay.
That makes sense.
So what's up?
Well, first of all, I wanted to say congratulations to you and Alan.
Welcome to the club.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
That's right.
You got married just in the past year, too.
You were here right after your wedding, yeah.
Yeah.
It's wonderful, and I hope you guys have many, many, many, many, many years of bliss.
Thank you.
We'll try.
I will say this much on the thing you just talked about as far as why I don't think game
mode is going to be a game changer.
Universal Windows Platform.
You did here, right?
Oh, yeah.
That's a fair point, I suppose.
It's limited to UWP apps, so until the Windows Store is less of a piece of crap, I don't
think it's going to really gain much traction.
All right.
Fair perspective.
Fair perspective.
Well, what did you want to call in tonight about before you heard that?
Well, you know what?
I wanted to mention something that has pretty much flown under the radar because it's very
niche news, but fortunately, it's in our niche, so I think it's very appropriate that you
guys all know about this.
Have you heard of the Konami Arcade Championship?
I feel like yes because you brought it up before, but otherwise, no.
It's not something I've been actively following.
Okay.
Well, this is the sixth year that Konami has run this.
It's basically a yearly tournament for all of their Bimani games, and they hold preliminaries
over e-amusement on pretty much all the Bimani games, 2DX, SoundVoltex, what have you.
People compete in the preliminaries just by playing the game and playing the songs out
of the qualifying folder.
When the qualifiers are all done, basically, the top players get an all-expenses-paid trip
to Tokyo, where they compete in the finals.
Okay.
Well, interestingly enough, you may recall that this past year was the first year that
we have ever had a version of DDR released in North America officially with e-amusement.
Right, with DDR-Ace and the fact that round ones have them, right.
And so, North America was officially added as a competition region for the Konami Arcade
Championships in DDR-Ace.
I feel like there's a punchline coming.
Well, California's own Chris Chyke, aka IAmChrisForLife, and Jeff Lloyd, aka Funga, have qualified
first and second place overall, as well as a third person who I don't know personally,
and they will all be flying to Japan next month to represent us in the finals, which
will be streamed live in February over Konami's website.
Oh, there's no punchline.
This is good news.
This is great news.
I was expecting some huge Konami fuckup as a punchline.
That's the day and age that we live in.
We're like, oh, the scores got deleted, or Konami rendered it ineligible, or the machines
deleted themselves, or I was expecting some colossal Konami fuckup as a punchline.
And there's not one.
This story has a happy ending.
No, no, this is amazing.
I'm really looking forward to this.
I hope to pass this along to some major gaming websites and see if they pick up on it, because
I feel like this is a story you're not going to hear very often.
I mean, first of all, DDR's kind of an e-sport already.
There's some that listen to this show that might pluck it, but we'll see.
I know you're out there.
I know you're out there.
Say hi sometimes.
Every day, you see North Americans flying to the host country to challenge their best
at their own game, and I mean, they're all friends anyway, but it's going to be amazing
to watch.
Yeah, that'll be great.
I mean, finally, here we are in 2017, and Konami is finally kind of recognizing the
global audience of DDR.
That's fucking fantastic.
God, I wish it had been that way when we started this show 15 years ago, but say it with me.
And having spoken to both of the number one and number two players at MAGFest, they were
both there trying Kyle Ward's new game.
Did you get to try it?
I hope you did.
Here's the thing.
On my flight over there, I kind of fucked up my leg, so I had a problem kind of walking
around, so I didn't really get to...
I did like basic steps on, okay, because there was a fucking solo fourth mix, and I can't
not play solo.
So I played lightly, but there were so many crowds around Step Maniacs.
I did not play myself, however, my good pal, Jonko, who used to be on a show called Koopa
Club, we're really good friends now, and we were there, I watched him play.
He's still really good at those music games, his feet flying and all that stuff.
I can't keep up with him in my advancing age.
But I watched him play, so I feel like I got a good sense of the game, because I stood
there and I watched like, oh, it's a touch screen.
Oh, he kind of...
Oh, I see.
Kyle kind of took the re-rave cabinet and did something new with it.
Yeah, I was thrown by that too.
Yeah, so that was, you know, and I kind of liked that.
So it was really hard to hear.
And all of them were Matrixwalk jokes.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
No more of that, huh?
It was really hard to hear in the songs themselves, but I certainly caught that not only did he
get to pluck some of the very classic DDR songs, I caught some Captain Jack in there,
but you know, kind of like...
And this was always the case with not just In the Groove, but then his later stuff, like
Re-Rave, where it's like, oh, there's an erotic song, a Smile DK song, you know, Kyle's very
self-aware and clearly must be, must have some sort of Konami's blessing slash we won't
sue you slash 10% of the profits type thing that allows this game to exist.
Well, you know, I did ask him about that.
I would be shocked if he can talk about it.
Well, basically what he said to me was, it was disgust.
But beyond that, he said he couldn't tell me.
He was not at liberty to tell me.
So what I gather from that is that they did discuss something and he's under NDA right
now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's understandable.
They've worked something out, but the terms he can't disclose, I mean, that's a business
deal.
It's, you know, that's...
Which says to me that maybe that's good news.
So...
Oh, I think it is.
I think he...
Well, I mean, I don't know.
Fuck it.
I just need to invite him back on the show when he's ready.
He might not be ready to talk about the whole thing yet, but when he's ready, we can get
everything firsthand.
But yeah, I would, you know, I anticipate he's going big with this and he, you know,
even in just interviewing him on our show, what, God, it was probably two or three years
ago at this point.
No, the same year as PAX East Boston, so that was what, 2014, right?
So...
Sounds right.
Yeah.
So it was a little over two years ago.
He's definitely learned a lot from the legal perspective than what we were talking years
ago.
So I think the man knows how to cross his T's and dot his I's, so...
Yeah, and just to finish up, I'll just say, having talked to both Chris and Jeff at MAGFest,
they're hoping that Konami uses, you know, this opportunity to have the North Americans
come and compete at the highest level over there.
They're hoping that that will encourage Konami to expand their offerings further to North
America.
So I hope that's what comes out of it too.
That would be great.
And JD actually clarifies it was May 3rd, 2015.
It really took that long.
I thought it was...
My ears are blending together at this point.
I guess it was 2015 that was PAX East.
I know how you feel.
It's just a blur.
Yeah, that makes sense because my first MAG was 2016 and I switched to MAG from PAX East,
which I went on to.
All right, it makes sense.
Don't fucking bring facts into this, JD.
I hate it when you do that.
All right, let me put this out though, because I think this is an important point.
I want to get your perspective on this, being a big music game fan and being one of the
people that really convinced me to give MAG a try.
There's a lot of rumor, well, not even rumor, just we all see what's happening on Reddit
between MAGFest and Tokyo Attack.
And Tokyo Attack has pretty much said, we're out for next MAGFest, not happening.
So what's your reaction to that whole thing, being a music game fan?
Well, I did talk to Anthony while I was there.
Anthony is the head of Tokyo Attack and he said that MAGFest's organization has gotten
to be very complex, as you would expect when it's grown to the size that it has.
Well, it's splintering now too.
I'm just saying we're going to have MAG West this year.
They have traveling MAG shows, they have the tiny MAG show they still do.
I mean, there's all these MAG spinoffs, so definitely there's a lot of parts to the machine.
Definitely, many more than there used to be.
And basically he said that it's been difficult to coordinate and to deal with the various
heads of the Hydra, much more so now than it used to be, and he's gotten frustrated
with it.
And you know, it's his company and he has the right to make those kind of decisions
and I respect that.
And I know that definitely there'll be some holes in the lineup if they're gone.
I know that they brought Beatstream, they brought SoundVoltex and Muzecca and Bishi
Bashi as they usually do, and many other very niche, very unique games.
But that being said, if you go just by the number of machines that were there, the number
of Pump and DDR and just music games in general, even Ubeat, I would say Tokyo Attack wasn't
even 50% of it, probably closer to 30 to 40.
And so if they're not there, it's not like you won't still see 10 DDR machines.
You may not get all of the games, but there will still be plenty of music games there.
I hope Tokyo is still, I know this doesn't do you Northeasterners a lot of good unless
you travel, but I still hope Tokyo Attack has a relationship with Dragon Con, because
that was a great addition to Dragon Con last year, so we'll see.
It's not on their calendar yet, but I don't think they have a lot past the first couple
months of the year.
Well, I mean, Anthony wasn't talking about, well, I'm done with conventions.
He only specifically mentioned MagFest, so honestly, I don't think it'll affect Dragon
Con or Otacon or any of the other conventions that they've been doing regularly.
Yeah, and they are confirmed for MomoCon, which is kind of the sister convention now
in Atlanta.
And what was the other thing I was going to say, oh yeah, they took that setup right over
to the other side of DC, where Awesome Games Done Quick was doing their thing, like right
as Mag was ending.
So they're very good at what they do, for sure, for sure.
Anyway, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up, but thanks for your call.
Hey, you're welcome, and congratulations again, and I hope you guys all have a great week.
Thank you, you too.
Take care, my friend.
Yep, take care.
All right.
Bye.
I think that is going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
I'm sorry for those that didn't get through tonight, but you can always send us an email
over at Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, but we are about done for the night, unless
I do need to check in and see if Loki has any last-minute stories for us tonight.
I do have a couple last-minute stories, actually.
Please, go for it.
So I guess it only makes sense, since VR is now a thing, but apparently, a VR film company
is rebooting the movie series Lawmoor Man, and it's going to be only viewable in a VR
headset.
So they're developing a new series based on that.
I'm not sure if that's going to be like a TV series, movies, or something like that,
but they're going to be VR movies now, so that'd be kind of cool to see.
Excited about that.
Lawmoor Man 2 was not so good, but, you know, it's got its nostalgia.
And then, I wanted to mention Games Done Quick did $2.2 million this year, so that's raised
quite a bit of money, and I got to watch quite a bit of that.
That's what I was doing in between playing games, so I'm probably going to check out
more of those on-demand videos for that as well.
And finally, EA's Patrick Soderlund, he had made a comment regarding Nintendo Switch,
and basically saying, I spoke only about FIFA today, but our company's structure let us
release all sorts of games for every platform, so we'll go wherever the gamers go.
I think Nintendo Switch will put Nintendo at the forefront of the game industry once
again.
Their approach is quite different from anything they've done in the past.
We've listened to EA, Activision, and other companies since the beginning of the Switch's
development, so we've been involved through the whole process.
They teamed up with us because they wanted to guarantee the console would be a success.
Doing business with Nintendo is very important to us.
We'd like to bring more and more games over for everyone.
So maybe third parties are on board.
All I'm saying right now is based off of what I've seen them announce, I'm not entirely
convinced yet.
And based on what YYR says in chat, I kind of tend to agree, where YYR says, I take this
EA statement to mean the same as last time on Wii U.
If people buy it, we will come.
And last time didn't happen.
Yeah.
All right.
And let's see, what else?
That's pretty much it, sadly.
All right.
Well, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for listening to the show tonight.
We appreciate all the support.
As a reminder, you can leave us a nice five-star review on a place like iTunes or Google Play
or what have you.
That stuff goes a very long way.
We really appreciate it.
Also, we don't ask for your money here on the show, so you can always spread us via
word of mouth.
It goes a long way.
Tell a friend or two about the show because we can't have an audience and voices to hear
from if they're not here to share them.
But that's going to do it.
Hooray.
We made it through the show without a power outage, although I think the rain kind of
stopped.
Yeah, it was weird.
Last night, if we were doing the show, that would have been kind of iffy because it was
like 50, 60 mile an hour winds.
The wind woke me up at four in the morning.
I don't know if you saw.
Okay, so you know how the storms last week blew our fence over?
Oh, I didn't know that.
So they fixed it, and now last night, the other half of it blew over.
Yeah, it was bad.
It was almost like a hurricane.
I'm sure some of you East Coasters are like, that's nothing.
But keep in mind, California isn't built with that kind of weather in mind.
So 60 mile an hour winds is a pretty fucking big deal, and it's fucked up the fence.
I thought it was done raining this morning, but apparently it started raining again.
It's supposed to be like off and on Sunday.
It's supposed to be moist and unstable, just like me, through tomorrow, through Monday,
and then finally sun for a week.
So that'll be nice.
Nice little break here.
So speaking of, in a week, we will see you back here in a week, in seven days, where
we will do another episode of Orange Launch Radio, talk about whatever happened in gaming
that week.
Hopefully maybe we can get another interview for you guys.
Dark Soccer should be back in seven days, and lots of bright sunshine finally.
So maybe we can get outside and play more things like Pokemon Go and the outdoor games.
But for now, we're gonna do it.
We're gonna end this episode of Orange Launch Radio and say we'll see you in seven days.
Have a great week, everybody.
Thanks Matt Baume for being here tonight.
Thank you guys for being here tonight in chat or via the podcast.
We'll see you next time here at Orange Launch Radio.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
