Weíre going to start tonightís AfterbirthÖ Nellie, get back in here Nellie right now.
Nellie walked in here because she heard the outro going and she wanted to show Loki what
she bought.
What did you get here?
Welcome to the Afterbirth by the way boys and girls, this stuff is too hot to podcast.
What did you get here?
I got a pink helmet.
A pink?
Itís a bike helmet?
Yes.
Why?
Because Iím a Jordan and if I fall I donít want to hurt myself.
You bought a pink bike helmet for no reason?
Yes.
I know, I bought it for a reason.
Why?
Hold on, I'll be right back.
I guess they can't see on the radio.
No, they can't see on the radio.
Who cares?
It's the afterbirth.
It's not the real show.
Tell Miklotov he needs to get in here too.
Miklotov is going to make his way back in here too.
You bought roller skates?
Yes, I don't know how to.
Hold on, we need to get her on mic.
You bought roller skates?
Yeah, I don't know how to do it, so Christopher was going to teach me.
and he tried to teach me a target but I almost fell on him. Why did you buy rollerblades?
She bought rollerblades. Now we're playing rollerblading though, because I have rollerblades in my trunk.
Watch your ankles though, because that will be hard on your ankles.
It'll probably be hard on a lot of things, that's why I need the helmet.
Because I'll fall on my butt.
I bought knee pads
and elbow bobbers. Christopher made me, I didn't want to.
But if she falls, she's gonna hurt somebody.
Uh-huh.
That's the whole point.
I wanted pillows for my entire body.
I wanted pillows for my entire body.
Cause I feel that's the safest.
Anybody want to go rollerblading with me?
I can do that.
I have rollerblades in my car.
Everybody's invited.
The more people to hold me.
Orange Launch Radio goes to the roller ring.
Actually I want to get like regular streetskates again cause I used to have streetskates.
I can't use in-lines because of my ankle because of my
an old injury I had to my ankle. Now they say I can have roller skating sex.
That's uh... That's not easy.
That's nice! That's very nice. Where's Mikotov? Is he here?
Where the hell is he? I know he was in the living room.
Is he playing Silent Hill with Annie? It is. I'm gonna go get him. You guys feel time.
That's a natural. All of these are so photoshopped.
It's pointing the wrong way.
It is.
Yeah. Either that or he's got problems.
So Nellie got Anne Rice's Sleeping Beauty trilogy, for those who are not
aware, those are porno books.
I bought them! Including Beauty's Release, Beauty's Punishment, and the
Claiming of Sleeping Beauty.
I've read the first one.
I know it's porno because she has a nipple showing on the front cover.
She wrote it under a pseudonym. It's not porno, it's erotica.
Miklotov was supposed to come on and yell at people who didn't like Bahmani in the U.S., but he pussied out, so forget what I said in chat. Sorry guys.
Not my fault though.
My name's Miklotov and I'm a big chicken.
Alright, I want to do Ask Anelli.
Alright, fine. And you field the questions while I set up Cage Match here.
Feel free to ask questions.
And...
Go.
Now ask questions. This is new something. Ask Nelly a question.
Let's ask Nelly questions.
Nelly, do you like your books?
Yes, I love books.
Other than what?
You didn't play any other video games?
No. I don't play video games.
yes I played Tetris a little bit okay
but you got the level 16 number dual I know and 17 is the achievement and I've
lost
yes why did you earn me my damn achievement that's why I need to work
what do I keep cuz he beats me seriously if
please help if you can
questions
what did you have for dinner Nellie I had
um one of those for scottish sandwiches from wendy's it was the turkey and swiss
and i got it with no mayo and i got a side salad
with low-fat honey mustard dressing and a diet
coke and then christopher just gave me an apple because he's awesome
and um question and doesn't that the other question was have you ever gone
skydiving which i know is no and there's no questions for me you don't
speak for me you should have a brownie bite where
did the bad man touch you? Everywhere. That's about right. I eat whatever the crap I want
diet now. Nellie, what is your opinion on boobs? I love boobs. You know whose boobs
I really like? Jessica Alba's. She has a no nudity clause and that really sucks. That's
cause she's a biznatch. But I don't like what's her face? The redhead with the freckles? Lindsay
Lindsay Lohan. Lindsay Lohan, yes, because her nipple is on top, and that's just not right.
It's like on the top of the boob. She was cuter when she,
you know, more chubby and with the red hair. When she was a child.
Because you're a molester. I'm not a child molester.
Lester the molester. She's now, like, anorexic.
And though we're, uh, you know, stupid... Please, please don't joke.
Please don't joke about child molesting, not after the trial I went through this week.
And especially, okay, especially about, what was it, uh, Wilmer Valderrama, whatever, he
has a show on MTV called Yo Mama, to which I said, God damn it, you rip that off of In
Living Color.
And the fact that he's producing this show, he's like, this is my greatest idea ever,
you know, and it's a dumb show to begin with, yet for some reason I watched the final today,
the best trash talker in LA and some retarded, like, white guy who, you know, thinks he's,
you know, black or something, and it's retarded. The funniest part of that show was that the
white guy got $5,000 in cash and he was surrounded by a bunch of blacks and Mexicans. I'm like,
he's not gonna keep that. He's gonna get mugged. Cause they're all behind him, looking at him,
I smell date-crime!
We gotta do the cage match. You wanna sit in on the cage match tonight?
No, I'm gonna go play with my new toys. Alright, have fun with your new toys. Thanks for coming on the show, Nellie.
We appreciate it. Thanks for having me! You're welcome! Bye everybody!
Alright, here we go! Orange Launcher to do the cage match.
Wow, that's loud. The way the cage match works is we put in three songs, so we put in
last week's winner in two new songs, and they do battle!
And in order for them to do battle appropriately, you must be in our chat room, orangeloungeradio.com,
click on chat, and you're going to vote for a winner, and the winner goes into rotation
all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's video game music program, which airs 24 hours a
day on the station.
We are not here, and there's no other live programming going on, such as Jamie's lovely
Tuesday night program, or my own Wednesday night program, which will not be heard this
week because I will be in LA.
Listen to all games instead, because I might make a cameo over there on Wednesday.
Who knows?
Uh, just depends on what I can arrange with work.
Anyway, let's get into tonight's cage match.
Song number one was last week's winner, and it comes to us from a little band.
You might have heard of it before.
Not because Jamie doesn't talk about it every week on the show or anything like that.
Hey!
I don't.
Well, it's true.
Every other show.
Every other show.
Alright, here it is.
You voted it, it won.
Here's a clip of last week's winner.
Song number one, the Gorillas!
Happy Landfill!
You will, well, you ain't from United, no
So follow the light, take care of your eyes
You won't be even seeing and doing your lies
Stand in front of a ship that should never be so
They put a dollar for me and I won't be home
Wait on the happy lapel
Wait on the happy lapel
Alright!
All righty, song number one, Gorillaz with Happy Landfill.
It must successfully beat two new songs to a bloody pulp, and that first song is gonna
come from Loki.
What is your pick tonight?
My song is from Junkie XL again, but this time it's a collaboration with somebody else.
It's actually, um, pretty cool. It's called Nightmare. Or Nightmares, I believe. And, um, well, yeah, it's short. So that's always good.
And I think it sounds like a good, like, DDR song. Maybe even kind of almost similar to, oh, I wanna say, like, maybe Echo Image a little bit.
So this is, uh, Nightmares featuring Infusion.
all right here it is enjoy
Looking across the stars
Feeling, reflecting down the hills
Watching the skies tonight
We lay down, it's all down the stairs
Stand aside, stand aside, stand aside
Swinging in the night of time
Looking past the dangerous signs
Broken crystal realized
Losing color, losing shine
Beautiful destructive art
Holding gracefully apart
Three rises in my head
We'll see the natures from the stars in the air
Looking across the stars
Feeling, reflecting down the hills
Watching the skies tonight
We lay down, it's all down to stars
Storm this life, storm this life, storm this life
Singing in a matter of time
Looking past the dangerous signs
Looking close to realize
Losing color, losing shine
A beautiful destructive heart
Holding gracefully apart
Nothing rises in my head
Wishing ages from the start
What do you see in the mirror?
Down the stairs
Down the stairs
That was song number two tonight, that was Junkie XL with Nightmares featuring Infusion.
go around and see if that song gave us nightmares or very sweet dreams dark
Sakura I'm gonna agree same argument nine Loki it's short it's like three
minutes which is awesome that's very good for you Loki hey I tried it's I
don't know this was like one of the only songs I liked on this album and this
album actually it was like um junkie xl or jxl radio from the computer hell cabin or something
like that which is a weird name but uh it was one of the tracks on there and i don't know it's the
only one i liked so i give it a nine all right uh time for my song and uh what nerd doesn't love
our next artist and it's been far too long since this person has released a song but uh this guy
put up this song on his website this last week saying hey I'm not dead here's
a brand new song and I said that's great I'm gonna put it in the cage match so
here it is Weird Al Yankovic with Your Pitiful. Enjoy!
My life is brilliant Your life's a joke
You're just pathetic, you're always broke Your homemade Star Trek uniform really ain't
impressin' me You're sufferin' from delusions of adequacy
You're pitiful, you're pitiful, you're pitiful, it's true
Never had a date that you couldn't inflate And you smell repulsive too
What a bummer being you
Well you just can't dance and forget romance
Everybody you know still calls you
Farty pants, but you always have a job Well, I mean, as long as you still could
work that Slurpee machine You're pitiful, you're pitiful, you're pitiful
You have fun dressed, eating chips off your chest
While you're playing Halo 2
No one's classier than you
La-la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la, loser
You're pitiful, you're pitiful, you're pitiful, it's true
Your dog would much rather play fetch by itself
You still live with your mom and you're forty-two
Guess you'll never grow a clue
When it just sucks to be you
It's been far too long since we've heard him. He is the man, is he not?
He's another album. Weird Al is the man.
Love him.
Gets a 10.
Alright, let's recap so you guys can place your votes.
Here we go, song number one you can vote for tonight.
Gorillaz, Happy Landfill.
And song number two you can vote for tonight
Tonight is Junkie XL with Nightmares featuring Infusion.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Weird Al Yankovic with Your Pitiful.
Alright, place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
We'll tally him up, and we'll see who the wiener is.
And I think I just heard DarkSakura say,
I hope I lose.
That's amazing.
Yep, I hope I lose.
All right.
You want a new song to put in next week,
or you just love Weird Al that much?
I love Weird Al the way it is.
Are you pissed I beat you to it?
Well, no, because I never think to go to Weird Al's site,
except when I'm looking for concerts.
I don't either.
You know how I found out about it?
DDR Freak, of all places.
Random chat, yo.
I do lurk on DDR Freak.
Yes, I do. I very rarely post, ever, but I probably visit it, like, every day and just
kind of read what the kids are saying.
I basically just, uh, since you just put that up there, I've basically linked it to, like,
seven people just now.
Oh, the new song, really?
Download this!
That's great! Well, we'll see, we'll see. There seems to be some anti-Weird Al people
in our chat room, so I don't know.
Okay.
I forgot to mention that I just saw this thing on IGN.
All right, tell us about it. That's good, because I can tally votes when I do that.
Hurry up and get your votes in now, because we don't have time to do it.
I actually have in my possession, and this is such a nerd of me, and we talked about
this a while ago, that they were getting sent out.
I have my Xbox Live diamond card.
Aren't you special?
Great, now what the fuck can you do with it?
I don't know.
Impale people in the head!
I can show people that I'm a member of Xbox Live!
I would just like to point out there are more votes in cage match tonight than I have ever
ever seen in the four-year history of this show.
It's crazy.
I'm having a hard time tallying this up.
You guys need to fill more time.
Amy who?
You know what?
I have...
What?
Air.
A whole lot of it.
Especially dead air, like we're having on the show just to write about, you know, before
I set something in.
Actually, I actually did some purchasing today.
My X-Men fandom has resurged, like, massively, so I picked up one of the new X-Men graphic
novels except I need to go back and pick up the astonishing x-men one because
they're written by Joss Whedon who we all know is the god of sci-fi for giving
us Firefly Joss Whedon is my master now but I think it's funny because he writes
like shadow cat perfectly and he based Buffy off of her I think that's
fantastic yeah I'm a big big nerd so what I love
x-men wow there's actually a lot of businesses that support the Xbox Live
5 diamond card, and they have a whole list of them, um, including, what is it, Hollywood
Video Ace Hardware? Um, there's actually some local businesses for at least me, like the,
um, El Dorado Hills Auto Care, Mind, Body, and Harmony? What the fuck? That's weird.
Alright, I got all the votes tallied up whenever you guys are ready. That was hard. Dave and
busters you can get a $10 free gameplay with uh... ooh now that's kinda cool
I don't like that idea
alright you guys are ready to hear tonight's cage match winner
just to give you an example an idea of how many votes we got tonight
look how far the stars go out there look at that
one song just took the other two out in the field and beat them senseless
I mean seriously I am
sorry to say
that i want to vote for tonight
and that way i'm a little
uh... we're now just uh... swept the vote tonight uh... there were no not to
say so i wanted to didn't weren't completely unloved cuz they did get
quite a few votes
in probably a normal week
so i wanted to might have won it but uh... you guys were nuts tonight we love
the participation and i would be xbox live diamond card
the pes museum
by one admission get the second free
Pez, you're a fan of Pez. I used to be. I used to collect Pez dispensers a long, long
time ago. I bought you some, I got you a Wonder Woman one. I know, and they're all sitting
in a drawer. Aww. But that way the sunlight doesn't damage them, they don't get dust,
so someday I'll take them out and display them. Excuses, excuses. I know. When I have
a house, that's my alphabets. When I have a house. You know, ironically enough, all
this stuff that these services are, they're all like local to us. Like Dublin, they have
have one in Dublin, California that walks up. You receive 20% off your entire bill.
Is it because you put in your zip code before you went into that site?
No. Well, maybe under my membership information or something like that, but I'm just surprised
that they have these small ass companies that are on here. I mean, I would think they'd
just be big name companies and stuff, but there's like Omaha Steaks, they have 1-800-PetMeds.com,
PaintShop Pro 4 for life.
Dude, no way. You know how I was all,
Photoshop sucks! Photoshop sucks! Photoshop sucks! And then I used Photoshop CS.
And I was like, PaintShop Pro sucks!
Especially since PaintShop Pro doesn't recognize the angle sensitivity on my tablet.
Yeah, but for people who can't draw like me, PaintShop Pro 4 is awesome.
Stick figures, yo!
Alright.
I could make a dancing graphic like Jeremy Todd did.
Probably.
Actually, sadly my artistic talent won't even do that.
Loki, you want to get one more thought out there before I...
Oh, I was just going to say, games.com, if you use online site,
$75, if you purchase something over $75, you get $10 off with the card,
or pretty much if you just enter in promotional code, diamonds.
So, there you go, big secret right there.
Uno!
Yeah.
Nintendo Maniac 64 is the first in chat room to say MS Paint,
for the win.
I've done touch-ups and paint.
I use MS Paint at work all the time.
It's great for screenshots.
I have begged and begged and begged.
Look, if I'm doing all this crap for you,
just give me Photoshop so I don't
have to bring my laptop up here to do our flyers.
And so I actually use Microsoft Photo Editor and Paint.
I will website edit in Notepad for life.
Notepad is awesome.
Chat room FUs, boys and girls.
And we're going to start it off with Mac Man.
My FU is to Apple, my favorite goddamn company. They better not buy Nintendo. They will kill them.
The Bandai Pinpin 2 is not a good idea.
Don't worry, MacMan, it's just dirty rumors from fanboys.
NintendoManiac64 says, FU to the chat room for not answering my question after asking twice,
so I'm asking you people at OLR.
What is the fastest Wipeout and Extreme G game?
I have F-Zero GX and beat AllCups on Master and completed Story Mode,
and several chapters on Very Hard 2. Thank you.
I defer to Loki, because I don't play Wipeout.
I don't know, I haven't really...
I like Wipeout 3, and Wipeout Pure is pretty good.
But those are the latest ones.
Well, that explains why no one answered your question. Nobody played the damn game.
Well, if you're really into...
Well, I'm not sure if this was a very fast game. I remember that Fatal Inertia was supposed to be pretty good on the PS3.
But I heard that that game seemed kind of slow.
I would just wait for Wipeout on the PS3 to come out because it's probably gonna be the
fastest one.
Hey!
No, I just found your photo.
You found my porn?
Did you really?
No, I found your photo.
Oh.
God.
Well, they're probably in there somewhere.
Stop looking for my porn!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Stop it!
What?
You can buy a dozen of Krispy Kreme donuts.
Okay, I swear to God, we're gonna be here till midnight if I don't get moving, people.
Alright.
DarklionXVI wants to...
Now I found it.
Sorry.
to say hey i play wipeout so uh enjoy he found loki's porn or my porn i don't have porn and
i'm not sure no you know who that is
oh he shares it i guess so
all right come on i gotta get through this black wolf says f you to yesper well said jeremy todd
one says F you to Loki for no apparent reason. F you my car for having shitty breaks right
now so I have to go get them fixed. F you to myself for not having a podcast again this
week. Damn work is making me too busy. I was supposed to be on his podcast but I'm traveling
next week anyway so we might have to reschedule. I just kind of came to my mind. DJ Tyrant
says F you to work and feeling sick. F you to having to sleep and getting a new job that
requires me to actually get up early. Bandit says I want to send a big F you to the Dallas
mavericks for thinking that they can actually beat the miami heat
hitstun would like to say fuck you to nintendo's wifi connection for not letting the
four of us mario kart ds players in chat connect and play a game
dropping players and shit
dmn would like to say f you to any person under sixteen who plays gunbound
half of you son of bitches act like you just discovered the internet and the other half
think you are so fucking cool for taking a god damn computer game like it's
serious business
i hope you all die in a fire
heart dmn
The Fireboma says F you to Belmont Park for taking $34 of my money.
Go horsies go!
The Ichiban Crush says F you to the bad rental skates I were given that utterly destroyed
my feet when I went ice skating yesterday.
I want to go ice skating.
Funnydale says F you to old people winning the lottery.
There should be an age limit to how old you can be to win the damn lottery.
Winning the lottery when you are 90 is like a blind person buying a car.
Maybe they're going to give the money to their kids.
DJ Pooh Eater says,
F you to the electric company for not supplying us with individual generators
because we had a blackout and I missed the entire Orange Lawn Radio show.
Now I must listen to a podcast and explain it to all the bastards who ask,
what are you listening to?
And they look at me like I'm stupid.
I hate the world, but I less than three O-L-R.
I think he means, he hates the world, but not us.
Ravenstaufen says, F you Nintendo for making Apple-inspired Nintendo DS Lite.
Dark Knight says,
my F you goes to me ending up being broke from the anime convention this weekend,
but it was well worth it.
Anoush says,
F U how in the I 405 when you're traveling
at 75 already you get past like you're standing still
and once you're in the carpool lane you are forced to go 120 miles an hour.
That's what I'm wondering, hello!
Ahrimasen says, F U to the hot weather and making me unable to fast combo on
popin' music.
My sticky hand sticking to the buttons. I have a question for Ahrimasen.
Why does your name does not have?
23rd Magus says,
F you to Hoardside Altric Valley groups on Malstorm. Organizing forty people is
like herding cats, three-legged dyslexic cats.
F you to my computer locking up randomly whenever I play games. F you to whatever
fucknugget thought the second half of Tales of Legendia didn't need voice
acting.
SSJ100Matt says F you to high schoolers and middle schoolers invading all the
malls, movie theaters, and arcade because they're off for the summer. Get jobs, dammit!
And SSG100Matt continues, F you to A-Rod Slump and F you to Kudaragi for not shutting the fuck up.
Blaze says, my F you is to my new boss. She is a bitch. You better hope she doesn't listen to this show.
Xander K says, F you to Microsoft for not putting Conker in the latest release of Backward Compatibility.
Legend of Zaku says, F you to my college for being the dicks that they are, billing me and everyone in my apartment complex almost $1.50 each for community damages that I didn't do.
Dark Tetsuya says, F you to Sky who forgot he'll be a cage match pick.
Sephiroth1215 says, F you to poor designs and anime next to con with an extremely small
game room where the same people sit there and won't leave the games, especially the
DDR machine and 2DX.
Also there was no room for the video room so I couldn't see the movies.
Bandit says F you to the furry convention that was held in Pittsburgh this past weekend.
Another F you to Raven's Dolphin for hating the Miami heat says Bandit.
Ooh snap, we got a...
Okay, we are not having freakin' sports chat.
Last F.U. Jeremy Todd1 says F.U. Ravenstaufen for making that F.U. because the DS Lite is
sexy.
That's it, kids.
We gotta go.
I love my DS Lite.
We gotta wrap it up and get out of here because we have business to tend to.
No, I'm just hungry.
There's stuff to be done.
Macman sent me a private message saying you have PC porn, you know you love it.
I don't know what the hell that's supposed to mean, but okay.
he's Mac man and you you have this reputation on Orange Laundry for not
liking Mac so I am completely annoyed of the stupid Apple commercials where they
have Apple guy and PC guy. Hi I'm a Mac I'm a PC. Yeah no oh yeah PC's are constantly
yeah my PC must be constantly rebooting during the show because yeah I'm
never I can't get anything that's just okay I'll tell you this much you know I
love Apple I really do but I kind of agree with that because I've been using
this computer for I don't know how many years I've never got a virus ever ever
I I took down my firewall and I don't have you know a virus scanner or
anything running no viruses ever so blow me Macintosh alright anyway we got it
we got to go cuz we're hungry I want pie and and staff meeting that we're gonna
have because we're talking about really important stuff that could change the
future of orange lounge radio I mean it's big stuff guys the world hangs
Because Secretly Dark Soccer and I are going to murder Loki tonight and then that will
change the future of ours on video.
It's not so much a secret if you tell him!
Sorry.
Sorry, we're not going to kill you.
We're going to, um, feed you pie.
Actually, I don't like pie.
Or donuts with white frosting on them.
Perhaps this song will fit Loki after tonight's staff meeting and it's our fortune cookie
message of the day.
Enjoy.
Remember when you ran away and I got on my knees and begged you not to leave because I go berserk?
Well, you left me anyhow and then the days got worse and worse and now you see I've gone completely out of my mind.
And they're coming to take me away, ha ha, they're coming to take me away, ho ho, hee hee, ha ha
To the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time
And I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats
And they're coming to take me away, ha ha
You thought it was a joke and so you laughed, you laughed
When I had said that losing you would make me flip my lip
Right? You know you laughed, I heard you laugh, you laughed, you laughed and laughed, and then you left, but now you know I'm utterly mad.
And, they're coming to take me away, haha, they're coming to take me away, ho ho, hee hee, haha!
To the happy home with trees and flowers and chirping birds and basket weavers who sit and smile and twiddle their thumbs and toes and they're coming to take me away, haha!
I cooked your food, I cleaned your house, and this is how you pay me back for all my kind, unselfish, loving deeds.
Well, you just wait, they'll find you yet, and when they do, they'll put you in the ASPCA, you mangy mutt.
And, they're coming to take me away, ha ha, they're coming to take me away, ho ho, hee hee, ha ha,
To the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time
And I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their green white coats
And they're coming to take me away to the happy home
With trees and flowers and chirping birds and basket-weavers
Who spit and smile and twiddle with bums and foes
And they're coming to take me away to the funny farm
Where life is beautiful all the time
And I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their green white coats
Thank you guys so much for tuning in and supporting Independent Radio.
You know we love you.
Stayin' up late, especially you crazy kids in the UK.
Actually, I think you finally went to bed.
But thank you guys still so much for listening.
We appreciate you and we'll see you next week, alright?
Our next live program is Tuesday night.
Dark Soccer's Pump Up The Volume. Wednesday night there will be no live program because
I will be in LA on a business trip. So you can try allgames.com instead because if I
can I'm going to make a cameo over there. Otherwise you'll just have to listen to Jamie's
show on Tuesday and our next live show on Sunday. Sound good? Alrighty. Have a great
Reconnect to the station in 15 seconds for more video game music.
