Alright kids, we're getting back here for Orange Lounge Radio, the after birth.
This is the part of the show that's too hot for podcasting.
It's scandalous stuff.
Now this whole room smells like Italian food.
Get that out of here.
Oh, it's better than rotting milk.
Stop putting that...
Nellie?
Would you put...
Nellie, from the...
Yeah.
From the three McFlurries.
Fill your rotten milk cup away.
For me?
Can I have a breadstick?
Yay.
Because it smells...
Three McFlurries and they're all rotting.
Do you want a breadstick?
Yes, I do.
Thank you for the breadstick.
Thank you for breadsticks.
Yay! Okay, Nellie's bending over, spank her! Yay!
What'd you do for your birthday, Nellie?
I went to the Olive Garden. Wait, get her mic.
Nellie, stop spanking her. Get her on the mic.
What did Nellie do today? I went, okay, Matt took me out
to breakfast and then we went to my mom's house and I had cake there
and then I came here and we went to the Olive Garden. Basically, I ate
all day and yesterday I know it's delicious I ate all weekend actually we
went to Joe's crab shack yesterday I got barbecue crab and I highly recommend it
nothing because my friends don't like me I like you I know you didn't do anything
no I'm kidding oh I hurt oh I won't do anything for your birthday there I'm
gonna have a party on the shopping spree at Walmart okay that's my favorite store
I am eating a Olive Garden bread stick and enjoying the bread sticky juice goodness
You looking for the remote control. It's out there somewhere and the damn thing keeps getting lost look in the couch cushion. I've had today
Wait bring make Annie come in here. I want Annie on the show
I've had today three small whole wheat pitas with baba ganoush, which is basically eggplant dip mm-hmm
I've had a small piece of eighty-five percent dark chocolate and four Ritz crackers.
Alright. So yeah, breadstick.
What we'll be eating soon. Hi! Hi, Annie! I wanted to invite you on the show. Don't worry, this isn't the podcast.
Nobody, like, we have like maybe two people listening right now. It's not a big deal.
So, um, I just wanted to ask you about what games you've been playing this week.
You've been playing a game a lot this weekend. Annie, by the way, is X to first sister,
everybody. Say hello to our listeners, Annie. Hello.
yep you're on it's it's it's it's a hot mic they can hear you
all right so what games have you been playing this weekend? Silent Hill
like Silent Hill 1 the old school? yes and
why did you decide to start playing Silent Hill? because Shane bought it
Shane bought it? no brought it or did you? oh he's not here
Miek LaTov is how our listeners know him but that's alright
oh is that how they know you? cause I was supposed to watch
well we just started last night and you weren't here
So wait, what I want to know, and Shane, feel free to jump on the microphone if you want,
why is Annie playing this time? Because Shane played through Silent Hill 2 and 4 when you guys were playing that.
I didn't want to play through it this time.
He said the experience would be so much better if I played, because I always think that it's not scary whenever he plays.
Now do you play a lot of video games?
Um, some. I've been playing a lot of Pump It Up lately.
Mm-hmm. Yay!
Alright. No way.
So, have you ever played a lot of scary games before? No.
No? So this is like the first scary game you've played? Yeah, and it terrified me to everything.
Really? Well, really, you're the one coming in every once in a while going,
You're screaming again! No, let me do my impression of Annie playing Silent Hill,
is that every five seconds you're like, Oh my God! Ahh! And then, poof, poof, poof, poof, poof, poof!
Like, you hear, like, sixty gunshots, and then she goes, Is it dead?
because she's not even looking at the screen, she starts screaming. I know, I held out the
controller and closed my eyes. So for those people that say a video game can't be scary
what would be your response? It can as long as you're the one playing it.
Yeah. What makes it more scary when you're the one playing it?
Because you don't expect anything, but it was always funny when Shane played it
because he was
you know, screaming like a little girl, so that's why it was so funny.
Yeah you were, don't deny it.
So, have you almost beaten the game?
I beat it.
You did? Yeah. Congratulations.
Yay.
So, now are you going to play through the others yourself, or? I'm going to play through three.
I'm going to play through three.
Three is my favorite.
Is it?
Yeah. What do you think?
I think it's the worst one.
Three is my favorite because it has that beam.
What? Heather.
She has a
special beam power.
A beam? She has the sexy beam. Power?
no she has heather beam the first time around and she gets sexy beam
for another she has heather beam and sexy beam and I prefer heather beam
because it's heza beam
heza
I'll show you on my game because I'm cheating
you're cheating? I'm cheating hardcore
I've got all items, all maps
would you cheat through silent name?
we did
no because we were so lost at the end of it we didn't know what to do
okay you went on game facts
I don't know.
My idea of cheating is putting in like a game shark.
Using codes.
Like an up, up, down, down, left, right type thing.
Because I'm only playing it for the story.
Yeah, we only did it for like figuring out things.
Okay.
Oh, are you going to play any other scary games like Resident Evil, Siren, anything
else?
I'm not really too familiar.
Okay.
What would you say is your favorite video game?
Probably Silent Hill now.
I like it a lot.
I really like it.
It's so much fun.
Okay.
That's cool.
I want to say Kingdom Hearts, but it hasn't really been my favorite for a while now.
It's getting, you know, kind of boring.
That's fair.
I opened up the chat room if anybody wanted to ask Annie a question.
So we have some questions from the chat.
Let's see.
Jeremy Todd wants to know, does she like bacon?
Yummy.
Let's see here.
VXJsonXV wants to know if you've ever played a game called Fatal Frame.
Of course.
You're lying. I wish we were a TV show because she's saying of course.
You don't have to lie to the listeners just to be cool.
I'm not trying to be cool. They're cool.
Some of these questions are inappropriate.
Now DMM wants to know if you're single.
Yes. Forever.
I wanted to know if you like dark meat.
If I like dark meat? Like on a turkey or something?
No, I think you need black.
Oh, okay.
No comments.
No, that's alright. Don't acknowledge that. That's trash. Don't acknowledge that trash.
And she might be single boys, but she's always going to be together with Jesus Christ, and not with any of you.
So, you know what? Buzz off.
I'm married to Jesus.
Okay, God, you guys ask some lame questions here.
Yeah, ask some good ones. Legend of Zaku wants to know, paper or plastic?
Paper all the way.
Alright, lastly, Jeremy Todd1 wants to know what size are your shoes?
I think seven and a half.
Why is that important? I don't know, so I'm
I'm gonna ask, say no more questions for Annie
because you guys are okay wait here's a good one okay I'll let this go one
here's a good question Rama wants to know PSP
or DS yes why because it's so
great okay no I love Tetris I love it so much
airplay luminous on the PSP no no wait
yeah I have I have I have okay fair enough
well thanks for coming on the show Annie last minute I appreciate it
stick around if you want but otherwise we're gonna I'm gonna go bye
Okay, that's fine.
She's a good sport, ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate it.
By the way, just to make the chat room shut up...
BACON!
It's nasty!
It's disgusting!
It's the fat off of a dead pig! Why haven't they been trying to get you to say bacon
forever?
I guess I think the other week they were trying to get me to say bacon, so...
Whatever. Because both of you guys said it, and they want me to conform. What, is somebody pointing together like a bacon thing or
something?
I don't like bringing up the, you know, the sliced off fat of a dead pig that people eat.
It's nasty.
But it's still delicious.
Nasty.
I'm sporting my Olive Bacon shirt.
You know what's delicious is veal.
Mmm baby cow.
Get extra.
Yummy.
It's all about your sister tonight.
We're done with you.
A meat so tender.
When I was a meat eater though I was fond of lamb.
Alright.
such a thing as like baby pig, like can you get like baby pig and bacon?
I want to get to the cage match boys and girls cause I'm in the right place tonight and are
we are going to retire?
Because it's been in rotation for four weeks.
Has it?
I thought it was three.
That's alright, I don't care.
It's been a while anyways.
People forgot.
Just so you guys know, here it is, it's officially being retired from the cage match.
Hot Topic is not punk rock, here's a clip.
It's been officially played in Hot Topic now.
It didn't win four times, but because of E3 and Faname, it just kind of stuck around
for four weeks.
music program so let's start it off dark Sakura has song wait no there's no time
for birthday presents you have to introduce your song okay
they're fighting about a present right now
oh god they're being so girly all right buy her a porno book
yeah buy her a porn book she'll like that i like the penthouse like letters to penthouse
compilation book okay you better watch out because i'll order it too i have like three
of them i do is that what you want like a letters to penthouse
Or just regular books. I like reading.
Alright. Who's your favorite author?
Anne Rice.
I have...
I don't know.
This is Anne Rice writes gay porno.
Dude, Anne Rice wrote The Erotic Adventures of Sleeping Beauty.
Yeah, those are gross.
Alright. Can we do the cage match now, please?
Yeah, okay.
Dark Sakura, what's your pick?
And then let me borrow from you.
What's your pick for tonight's cage match?
Speaking of porn, Tracy Lords say something.
appropriate segway there. Alright.
Anything else you want to say about it?
It's Tracy Lords. She was also in Cry Baby. Here it is, song number one tonight,
boys and girls, Tracy Lords with Say Something. Enjoy!
It's summer of innocence for me
I can see it all for me Here it comes now, it means nothing
Just say something, just say something
I think you know I am only here among us
Say something
I think you know i am only here among us
Say something
I think you know I am only here among us
It's the summer of shame for me I can see the fall before me
Please, how did you know I am only here among us?
Say something
Don't think you know why you're Wet
Don't think you know why you're Wet
Don't think you know why you're Wet
Don't think you know why you're Wet
Don't think you know why you're Wet
Don't think you know why you're Wet
🎵Music🎵
The song number one by Dark Sakura was Say Something, and we're gonna say something about
that song right now, good or bad, Dark Sakura.
It's seven, it's very mellow.
I mean, I like, it's better than some of the other stuff.
Loki
I guess a 7, because it was okay. It was just very chilled out.
I give this soup, though, an 8, because it has way too many beans in it.
I give that song... I didn't really dig it, I have to admit.
I like some of Trace's other stuff, but not that one.
That kind of was a little soft to me, so I give it a 5.
Very middle of the road for me.
Loki, what did you pick tonight?
Okay, so out of the middle of nowhere here, I actually...
There was a song, of course, I put in Cage Match today from Burnout Revenge, you may remember, by Junkie XL.
And actually that is the single from his new album, which is also called Today, which I bought today.
And ironically enough, I bought an album instead of downloading it off the internet, because I couldn't find this one.
Anyways, so this is song number two on the album, called Mushroom.
It's interesting because he actually did, um, he produced Sasha's last album, which was Air Dogger, I think.
And it, the whole album feels very similar to that one, and this is kind of, I don't know, it's very unique, I like it.
So, check it out.
Alright, here it is kids, song number two tonight, Junky Uxell with Mushroom.
Not Hollick, I want Mushroom.
Oh
Oh
Oh
Alright kids, that was song number two tonight, Junkie Uxl with Mushroom.
Let's see what we thought of that one, Dark Sockrab.
It put me to sleep. It was really repetitive and kind of not exciting, so I get to fly.
Loki!
It gets a 9 because it's cool and doesn't have badgering.
Uh, it needs to be about half as long as it was. I give it a 6.
Alright, let's now go to the third song tonight, which is my pick.
And for my pick tonight, I picked a cover of a Journey song. It's a dance cover of a Journey song.
And Journey is awesome, and this cover's not bad. It's not that bad.
that bad.
And he just gave me a thumbs up from the hallway, she knows Journey's awesome.
So this is Judy Torres, and the name of the song is Faithfully, and it's my cage match
pick tonight.
Enjoy.
awesome journey is when you hear it.
I may run into the midnight sun
The wheels go round and round, you're on my mind
Restless hearts sleep alone tonight
I'm sending all my love along the wire
They say that the road ain't no place to start a family
But right down the lane it's been you and me
And loving somebody like me ain't always what it's supposed to be
But you, you stand behind me
I'm forever yours, faithfully
Oh circus life, under the big dark world We all need the clouds, can you make us smile?
Through space and time
Always another show
Wondering where I am
Lost without you
And being apart ain't easy
All this love affair
Two strangers learn to fall in love again
And I get the joy of rediscovering you
And do you stand by me
I forever know
Faithfully
Faithfully
I'm your yours, I'm forever yours, Yours
You know, I don't set out to savage the stuff that you take out, but I have to say that
I hate songs that I really like being covered like that, especially by people who can't sing.
So it gets a two all right Loki. I don't like that either. I'm sorry. It's just very
Not quite a two though, but I mean the end is kind of cool
Five all right. Yeah, I like the end that ends my favorite part. Yes
That's the kind of song I hear at the close of a gay club
What Oh Nelly wants to review it yes Nelly
I'm gonna give it a 10, you know why?
Why?
Because finally I recognize the song that you guys played!
Finally!
I don't care if it's a bad cover, I recognize it!
Yay, 10!
Okay, I unfortunately can't be that generous to my own song.
I'll give it an 8, because I love Churney, and I don't care if she covered it and maybe bastardized it a little bit.
It makes me happy, because she made it a happy song.
Alright, anyway, let's recap so you guys can vote for your favorite song.
Here are the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number two tonight is Junkie XL with Mushroom
and song number three in tonight's cage match was faithfully valentine's dance edit by judy
torres
i don't know why the one through itunes comes so quiet i apologize to that guys anyway and
low-key please refrain from comment on that anyway there you go there's three songs you
can vote for tonight so please place vote now send a private message to sky in the chat
room with your vote. Song number one, song number two, or song numero three. And our
lovely ops there in chat will tell you how to vote. If you don't already know, you just
send me a private message. Ask one of them if you don't know how. Anyway, we're about
ready to wrap things up here in studio. Any exciting plans for this upcoming week that
you guys have?
Food.
I know. We're going to go get food very soon.
My doll's arriving.
Hm?
My doll arrives on Tuesday.
What is up with you getting back into the dolly stuff or whatever it is?
It's the customizable thing. It's basically, for me, it's like
I love to customize things. I love anything that is
art and hobby and, you know, models and this is, I think, the perfect
thing for me. I also am using it to learn how to sew.
That kind of relates to a story I have from last night is that Annie and I were at Walmart. We were actually with Shane, but he was in the bathroom.
So, Annie and I were kind of walking around the crafting area at Walmart. And this is the Walmart
Supercenters. It's a huge crafting area.
and we were thinking about buying ourselves a project. Like remember when
you were kids
they had like those stained glass things that you put the little crystals in
and you can put it in the oven and they make like a stained glass little
cartoon character or whatever. Or the coasters, you put the little beads in the thing and then
iron it
and it's a coaster. We were thinking about buying one of those. We didn't. And then we thought about
taking up crocheting.
Like we were going to make scarves for no good reason. I know how to knit.
I can teach you how to make a scarf. You should teach me how to make a scarf. That would be fun.
You'll make somebody a great wife one day. I can make orange lounge scarves, wouldn't that be great?
I can teach you how to do that. All I would have to do, or like get one of those patterns
with like
the Care Bear patterns, but make the Care Bear like black
and sad and then people would buy it at conventions for lots of money.
They would. I know. That's why you need to learn how to do it. Or cross stitch.
Mm-hmm. That's really easy. I'll just make, I'll put Sora
on a pillow and people will buy it. Yeah, I don't know. Cause they're whores.
Okay.
All right, I have to tally up votes, so, Loki, tell us a funny story or something.
Hurry up and get your votes in, guys.
Once was a funny lawyer named Jack Thompson who said funny things like, nobody shoots
anybody in the face unless you're a hitman or a video gamer.
I saw that.
Here's the funny thing, though, I had to laugh about.
Nobody shoots anybody in the face unless you're a hitman or a video gamer.
I do believe the vice president shot somebody in the face.
I never knew the vice president played video games.
Is that him in the picture?
Yes, it is.
He looks like a really old Jon Stewart.
Does he?
Kind of.
But yeah, he's crazy.
He's basically trying to get these people to go.
Louisiana, basically trying to get the sheriff
to go back out and check this 16-year-old's house looking
for video games because he's saying
video games cause this kid to shoot somebody in the face and beat somebody to death and I say
no choice made him do it no no the video game did not do that but yeah of course he's gonna
have a video game that's just like saying old tv made him do it see if he has a tv
i think it was that crazy electricity electricity made him kill
lame
all right kids you want to hear who won tonight's cage match sure all right uh all the songs got
got a little love tonight, but in the end, one song got a lot more love than the other
two, and it was Junkie XL with Mushroom.
Oh, you chat kids are too predictable sometimes.
That's what you voted for, so enjoy it.
All right, that's going to do it, guys.
Thanks so much for tuning in.
Sorry we don't have time for chat room reviews, but Dark Soccer and I are about to eat our
fingers if we don't get food soon.
So let's go around and get everybody's final, final thought.
Loki.
I want to know what a ninja thinks about dance dance revolution, karaoke revolution, and the French Revolution.
Darkstalker, your final thought?
Reject false icons.
And my final, final thought is finger.
Oh, fortune cookie message of the day. Can't forget that.
Here it comes. I just have to load it up here.
Boys and girls, here comes your fortune cookie message of the day.
Oh boy, this is a good one tonight, enjoy!
dance Loki
Oh
Oh
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Yay, that was fun.
Nellie finally taught me how to do the dance because I forgot it, but you know, it's just
this, oh wait, we're radio.
I'm hoping to get a webcam soon though again so we can do that again.
The duck quacky beak with your hands, then you do the little chicken thing with your
elbows, and then you do the twisty thing with your butt, and then you clap.
You clap because you just danced with your butt.
All right, thank you guys, and yes, that was Loki's old F.U. music from a long time ago.
Those of you old school O.L.R. fans remember that.
All right, that's it, guys. We're taking off here.
Thank you guys so much for listening to us into this very late hour.
It's like 1230 on the East Coast. You guys are nuts.
Probably morning time. The sun's coming up over in Britain.
Thank you guys so much for listening and supporting us.
We really appreciate you guys' support.
Just so you know, podcast award nominations are coming up starting July 1st,
We're going to try and keep that within the independent radio community once again this
year.
of competition from some of the corporate shows.
