Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 187 for this June 18th, 2006.
and let's get right back into the news we're going to start it off with the
Loki has a story about PlayStation 3
yes don't we always have a story about the PlayStation 3
well it is newsworthy exactly
basically now the whole thing coming out with the PlayStation 3 is
what's it going to be like with retailers
am I gonna be able to get one what kind of qualities can we expect
well according to games first they had a
internal GameStop email, which expressed concern over how many PS3s their chain, which is the
largest chain out there, including eBay games, would have available.
And a local store that would be receiving between 50 to 100 Xbox 360s at launch, and
that wasn't very many, is expected to get no more than 20 PS3s.
So if this is true, that's going to suck.
Or it's not going to matter because people won't be buying them.
But I know I was going to say, I don't want to be a jerk, I don't want to be the anti-Sony
guy because I'm really trying to give everybody a fair shot here even if I'm being constantly
disappointed over there, but is it realistic that there's going to be as many people that
want the PlayStation 3 S1 and Xbox 360?
That's the thing, I think there will be a lot of people wanting it, but I'm not sure.
It will still be a clusterfuck like the 360 launch was, I think.
I don't think that they're going to be having trouble selling those 20 units.
That's why I think it's going to be a problem, though.
But those 20 units are just going to end up on Craigslist, eBay, etcetera?
Yeah, they will.
Because people learned that they can do that.
Sad, sad, sad.
Any way that we can dodge this or is this just brace yourselves, get your pre-orders
in ASAP as soon as they'll start taking them or have a game plan if you really want this?
Pretty much, yeah.
All right, heads up.
Hope you learned from the Xbox 360 experience.
Moving on to a completely different topic, well, it does have to do with the next generation
of gaming, but it's an old game, very, very old game, making its way into the next generation
of gaming.
Yes, Jamie?
This makes my heart happy.
what one of the number one favorite games in my house is that would be
Dragon's Lair okay which I have the Sega CD version I have it on an arcade
emulator I have it on our two copies on DVD what is it about the game that you
love so much because honestly if you just memorize the that doesn't matter
it's Don Bluth animation it's just so cool and it's neat watching all the
different ways he turns into a skeleton and dies and you know and on top of that
It's just really fun.
Digital Leisure is bringing it out in high definition
for the PC.
Oh, for the PC.
Which means that I'm basically going
to be hooking it up through my laptop to our 50-inch widescreen
and playing the hell out of it.
That's going to be kind of cool.
So imagine how that's going to look on my TV.
But wait a minute.
These cartoons were made in 83 or something, right?
It's still awesome.
Is it really going to look that much different in HD?
Or what are they going to do?
Are they going to redo it or anything?
they're basically taking the original
footage from what I understand and redoing it for high definition.
Well, that might be cool.
But, imagine, you know, the first...
when it first came out, it was on laserdisc.
So, it was the cleanest thing out there,
you know, in the eighties as far as its, you know, resolution. I mean, it was cleaner than
almost anything that you'd get at your house,
you know, for any type of animation. So,
by that respect, you know, I'm actually pretty, pretty excited about this.
and also they're going to be following up with Space Ace and Dragon's Lair 2.
Time warp!
Interesting thought there from Xander K. in our chatroom. Dragon's Lair for
Xbox Live Arcade, Xander says. I don't know. It might be a little big.
To do it justice, it would really be too big. You could port over the Commodore 64
version, which I had. It wasn't that bad.
For Commodore 64, it wasn't that bad a game. It had good music.
music. They had to remove a ton of scenes out of the Sega CD version just to get it to fit.
It's grainier than hell. I mean, now that's though, keep in mind, I think a CD is what,
700 megabytes? How big is your average Xbox arcade game? Probably, what, 40, 50 megs?
I think it's 50 megs because they have to keep it under the size of the memory card.
So you've got it so a 700 meg game versus you know that's also not count
you know we have to include audio with that you know I'm sure compressive
compression technology is a lot better now than it was then but still think you
know keep that in mind we're talking about full solid animation I doubt that
it's gonna really be able to pull out well at least in and maintain proper
resolution gs-191 in our chat room orange launch radio.com click on chat
says sky they're going back to old 30s and 40s movies and remastering them in
HD and they look damn good to boot okay I'm one of I have seen some of the old
movies on the HD channels we have here and they look pretty good I mean they
still look dated but I okay I'm willing to give it a fair shot don't get me
wrong I do enjoy dragons lair it's it's it's a neat I just love the concept and
you know it's a very unique type of game also in the next few weeks keep your eye
on our stuff at stuff.orangelandradio.com, our blog, for a review.
Oh, someone's getting the hookup.
Someone is.
Sweet. Now, also our chat room brings up, I want to say it was VX JasonXV, Dark Knight, somebody over there was talking about Space Ace.
So if we get success with Dragon's Lair.
They did Space Ace.
Oh, they're going to do Space Ace HD and all that good stuff?
They said it. It was actually the next one out should be Space Ace, and let me double check it once more.
Yeah, that'd be kind of cool.
Next out Space Ace HD and Dragon's Lair 2 Time Warp.
Wow. They actually had a Dragon's Lair 2 Time Warp in a local arcade here
not that long ago. And it was broken. Oh, that's sad. It worked at one point.
I so would have bought that. Oh, you know we got another pinball.
Again? We got a whodunnit. You guys are nuts.
Yeah. Speaking of taking old games and making them new all over again,
the Xbox 360 got a backwards compatibility update this week and
I want to say 21 new games are playable, I think seven more in Japan, so you get 28 if you're Japan.
But 21 new games are now playable, Amp 2, Doom 3, Fatal Frame,
Silent Hill 4, Lego Star Wars, Minority Report,
Spider-Man, Spawn Armageddon, Star Wars Battlefront, The Punisher,
just to name a few on the list there. If you want to see the full list, head on over to Xbox.com.
They've updated their backwards compatibility list
I will say I did pop in my copy of Silent Hill for the room just to kind of check out see what it looked like
It looked really clean like it does look better than it does on the Xbox. I don't I don't know what it is about it
I don't know if the software is uprising it or something, but the game looked pretty nice
It doesn't look 360 game quality, but it's definitely a little bitty baby step up from the Xbox
So I was pretty impressed. I am kind of sad though that still it's not
Most of my collection I still cannot play on the 360.
The majority of it I still can't play.
I don't know how long it'll take before we can play more of them.
Do you think they're going to keep going?
I heard Peter Moore took back what he had said last week and all that stuff.
Do you think they're going to go back and really take an effort to make all
or at least all of the top 100 best selling games playable?
Or do you think this is something that slowly is going to phase out and xbox or Microsoft's just going to try and
You know try to give us new stuff to make us forget about this whole
kind of
Mistake of not having these backwards compatibility games sooner
I think it's gonna be probably just sticking with this kind of rate where there's like a
few games every month I
Wish I wish they would just kind of release the patch as they get new ones even if it's just four or five why not?
put out the patch you know but maybe they just I don't know maybe it's too much for
their servers or something something technical I'm not thinking of I don't know well I mean
the update was automatic I remember that Chinese update that was the backwards compatibility
as well well but that's important if you're in China but I'm not so I don't care well
but I don't know I don't know maybe they have to patch them all at once I don't know who
knows anyway Microsoft's making a lot of interesting statements this week yes Loki well sorta yeah
Yeah, I mean, it's somebody on their development staff.
But anyways, Microsoft's Matt Lee, a developer in Microsoft's Game Technology Group said,
and I quote, Japan's not necessarily the most important market for gaming these days, adding,
it's also not quite as large as the U.S. and European markets.
That's hilarious.
And I think everybody out there, well Nintendo's doing a good job of not saying anything.
I think that unless you're the PR guy at Microsoft or you're the PR guy over at Sony, you should
probably shut the hell up about everything because you're just digging yourself into
a hole.
That's a really weird thing to say.
I understand that Microsoft is kind of struggling in Japan because I was looking at some sales
numbers and you know even the ps2 is still well hell even here though the ps2
what outsold earnings but of course the ps2 got a price cut last month to it
outsold 360 earnings money it's not that important market share not that
important you know stock prices not that important okay it's important is what
color our consoles come in that's damn important I don't know dark soccer what
What do you think about that statement, the whole Japan is not that important?
That's utter crap.
I mean, think about it, it's not just a big market for the fact that there are people
who stand in line for new releases of games, who basically are stalkerish over voice actors
for games, you know, we're importing games from there because they're better than what
we have here, you know, that's just complete and utter crap to say that the market is just
not as important is the fact that they are not properly catering to that market.
Do you think that we might have a biased perspective being that the background on this program
we've always kind of been fans kind of geared towards that Japanese import audience or kind
of more of the games we play, but in the bigger picture...
I'm referring over just to the social side that games have.
I look at our, you know, the fanbase for a lot of these games is a lot bigger than, you
know, of course it is here, because here to us it's niche, but to, you know, to a lot
of the fandom groups there, I mean, there's a lot bigger crowd, I think.
You know, you've got those people that are going to stand in line for, you know, a new
RPG, you know, where we have the Madden crowds are just a few people at a time, pretty much.
It may be a busier sales day, but you don't have people just hanging out in lines outside
of stores or going to meet so-and-so voice actor who was in this game.
That doesn't happen here.
Games are not just the fact that there's a big market for it.
It's a big social thing too, a lot bigger than it is here, and that's just in general.
For us, it's niche.
Over there, it's a lot bigger.
Let's talk about something that's going on in Japan and other companies doing something
special over there.
It's Sony and Jamie you'll like this.
There's a LocoRoco bundle coming out in Japan.
Sony is basically going to be celebrating the release of LocoRoco by putting together
a hardware bundle that will have the game and the PSP unit in either white or black.
So all together that's PSP unit, AC adapter, battery pack, 32 meg card and LocoRoco.
It's all packaged together in a special box and it comes out July 13th for 24,800 yen.
Also has a special LocoRoco case that goes with it.
Didn't I say that?
I have the special Katamari case.
Oh.
What do you think?
Cool?
Worth importing?
Well, I guess you already have a PSP so maybe not.
It's cool, I mean, but honestly, I've already got a PSP.
I just care about the game.
That's still kind of neat though.
And I already have a cool case running because Dan got me the one that came out with me and
Katamari. Which I don't have. Well, for those of you guys that love to import things, maybe
there will be something there. Uh, darks! Oh, yeah. Just like getting all the stuff
that came with Poppin' Music 11 to get in teacups and towels. They get some crazy collector
editions in Japan. Actually, what I have, I have on Dreamcast, I have the Cardcaptor
Sakura game that came with a pillow case, a plate, a spoon, a fork, and um, a clock.
a clock a wall clock Wow and would you actually use any of that stuff or is it
just collector stuff it's collector stuff although I might put the clock up
when we make my art room oh cool I love my card capture Sakura o'clock
dark Sakura take us to our next story a bunch of stuff happened okay actually
very descriptive thank you there was an article for the question of the week on
a Gama Sutra about an interview with Chris Crawford. Basically there was he
was the creator of Balance of Power. He was basically saying new ideas don't go
anywhere so the industry is just rehashing the same stuff over and over
again. There's nothing inherently wrong with recycling the same thing over and
over and over but how do you know what you're missing if you're not trying? Has
anyone noticed that we don't appeal to the general public? Well that's a quote
from him so there's a new question now that's on their question of the week
page and I'll get an article the link to that momentarily but it's what examples
of innovation in design business or other areas do you think disprove the
notion that the game industry is not evolving as quickly as it should be or
is Chris Crawford right so that's actually pretty interesting I think you
know being that I've always thought that innovation you know needs to happen in
in games I think that we need to be seeing
more that so I'm the actual article if you go on to you
a gama sutures website I'm
it's a well got a pretty big URL just look for the June 14 story
they'll be a link to that I would actually like to see some of our people
you know some of our listeners I should say you know respond to that cuz
you know actually I'm actually curious myself actually you know since e-mail to
Mailbag at orange on radio comm because I'd actually like to to air some of the same responses here on the show, too. I
Guess we'll see two more to come then on that. Yeah all the feedback thing
I think that that's a pretty good question. I'm trying to see if there's any response there in our chat room
They're still all over at orange on twitter.com. Click on chat. They're still all consumed there with the card captor Sakura
Pack that you have there dark. Okay, I'll put pictures of it up on our site
Okay, dark Tetsuya says here's a comment relating to that dark Tetsuya says well, what's more innovative than the Wii?
Interesting
We just we just getting a lot of brownie points for being innovative a very innovative system
I think I say you write that down send that in dark Tetsuya
Moving on Loki
Nintendo speaking of the Wii what's Nintendo up to well Nintendo has a new
Club Nintendo, which is I guess a brand new website that they're launching that you can
get a ton of really exclusive Nintendo stuff. I mean, everything they've got, for example,
some different notebooks, you can get tape that have Animal Crossing characters on it.
You've got these other folders that have Mario stuff on there.
Some of my favorites, they have a DS case that holds 9 different styluses, all different
colors of the rainbow, and 9 games that's available.
Also some multicolored DS Lite cases.
You've got a Mario kind of like a bookshelf for your Nintendo DS games, and then probably
the best thing out of all of them on there, an exclusive Nintendo DS game, the Game & Watch
Collection, where you can play Game & Watch games on your DS.
Happy!
Allow me to be the first to say, Game & Watch games sucked, why would I want this?
Ah, Game & Watch!
It's just...
Outside of nostalgia value.
They totally kicked the ass with Tiger Toys.
I guess, I don't know.
Japan only unfortunately but if you're wanting to check it out it's ah you know
that shit will show up on eBay club that Nintendo jet JP slash new underscore
present and there you go all right moving on to another story speaking of
the Wii as well dark soccer has a story relating to the Wii yeah I sure do so
who's a fan of Call of Duty 3 all five people I am it's a hugely successful
game maybe not in this room yeah I love call D I'm gonna be honest never played
it it's just not one out of three orange gel posts agree Call of Duty is top
notch I mean it's just I'm so burned out on the war sim it's just not my enemy
you should borrow mine it should but it's just not my cup fine I will borrow
it and give it a champ but it's just not really my kind of game I just well we've
got I got plenty other crap to play we've got details for call it I said
We've got details for Call of Duty, Call of Booty, Call of Booty, there should be a new
name called Call of Duty.
Wow, lots of Call of Duty fans everywhere, just got offended about five times in the
past 60 seconds.
Listen, Call of Duty, you know if you're going to be calling in like, Duty, that was last
week's show.
Okay.
Call of Duty.
Anyway.
Yes, Call of Duty 3.
So there's details on the Wii version of Call of Duty 3, which I don't know how that's going
work out but at any rate they're basically working on having it they
actually don't have a release date scheduled for the we release but they
are going to say it's going to be released this year speculation is
pointing out November around Thanksgiving there hasn't been any real
gameplay I think they're saying though that they're what they're working on is
is actually using the Wii remote for position-pointing for that type of thing.
That's pretty good. It doesn't sound like they're very far along and they're going to have that thing out at the end of the year?
That's pretty aggressive.
I'd say so.
I'd be alarmed at that. I mean, no matter what type of game it is, if they're still kind of early on here
and they're trying to get that out by the end of the year.
But they're basically saying that they're going to center the reticule on the screen so that you use the controller.
Huh. Innovative idea. Different, but...
It sounds very similar to Red Steel.
The way they move from that.
Alright. Interesting.
Then we shall move on, yes? Let's! Alright. Tomb Raider
was going to be remade for the PSP, but then there was an announcement
on Core Design's website that said it was cancelled.
The video of Tomb Raider 10th Anniversary that appeared on certain sites was an unauthorized
release of an internal presentation of a game that was being developed by Core Design until
very recently.
It was running on PSP and used Core Developed Engine, however following a recent review
this project has been officially cancelled by SCI.
But is Tomb Raider really cancelled?
Because Eurogamer came out and said no, the remake isn't cancelled, SCI just issued a
new statement saying that hey it's back on.
So apparently not only are you going to be able to download Tomb Raider through this
whole PSP download to Playstation 1 games thing, but now there's going to be an official
remake on the PSP.
Much like there was for Twisted Metal 2, I mean Twisted Metal, whatever the hell it's
called, I had that game too, and very disappointing, a launch game that's actually a rehash of
an old game.
Hmm.
Interesting.
I'm kind of burned out on Tomb Raider.
Tomb Raider was cool like many years ago when it was on the PC and it was like cutting edge
at the time.
I don't know how excited I would be about a remake.
I was not a fan of the Xbox 360 one, the recent one that just came out and I got my hands
on just wasn't for me.
Loki, speaking of upgrades of old games, yeah, Final Fantasy VII, we've seen websites taking
pre-orders for it and well Squares come out and of course said Final Fantasy 7 Remake
on Playstation 3 basically that they we haven't confirmed that's in development but we have
confirmed that Final Fantasy 13 is in development and so far there's no they are not working
on any Final Fantasy 7 Remake will it happen probably so they didn't say no they didn't
say no, they're just not working on it. They just said, we haven't said it. Yeah. And fanboys
everywhere still have hope. And it's basically, we have not confirmed the Final Fantasy remake
at any time. So, we haven't confirmed it, but we didn't say no. Maybe we're doing it,
and maybe we're not. I'm not gonna tell you. They're doing it, okay? That's just, ugh,
they're doing it. Well. That's my theory. They're doing it. If they did it, would anyone
They're doing Final Fantasy everything else, why not?
Tweak in our chatroom says Final Fantasy VII was good, but it's time to move on, people!
I wouldn't mind it looking pretty.
Jaded2006 seems to think they will move on after one more thing with the Final Fantasy
VII franchise.
I think it would be cool to see them remake VI.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
I'd like to see them go back and do IV, VI.
I can find something cool.
On YouTube, I found the Nintendo 64 Final Fantasy VI demo.
Oh, yeah, you brought this up on a previous show before.
I've been looking and looking and looking, and finally I was like, let me look on YouTube, and the whole thing's there.
Because everything's on YouTube.
But, um...
So I'm in a video on YouTube somewhere, randomly.
I honestly, though, do wish that they would remake Final Fantasy VII, not for PlayStation 3, but, you know...
I mean, they're gonna if they do, but...
I want them to leave it the same, except I want them to put back in the quest that was edited out on the Japanese version to bring back stupid Hobag.
Even though you don't like her.
Because she was freaking useful!
her thing was useful the great gospel
but she sucks so I wouldn't really have to use her
but you just would be happy she's there yeah there was basically a whole side
quest where if you use like
a game basically this edited out code is what it is you can run through this quest where you
pick up all the stuff
then you go back into the church and you see her there and actually on the
American version you see her there but when you walk forward she just disappears
that's actually bad coding weird yeah
The whole quest is on the Japanese one.
Alright, well since we're talking about Final Fantasy VII and then we're talking about remakes
that may or may not happen, that starts to make us a little angry, what better time for
us to bring on the FUs of the week.
It's the segment for us to get a load off our chest for a minute here about what's making
us mad this week.
Maybe it's the games, maybe it's not.
Who cares?
We're ranting.
My FU of the week goes toward life forms on Interstate 5.
As in all of the bug death that was all over my car that the car wash would not wash off
and I had to do it by hand.
And the stupid hoe bags that, I swear, and you know, and I can actually say this because
I am female stupid women drivers okay this I'm getting back on the freeway
after stopping at at a truck stop and I'm changing lanes that's going to get
in my lane start to accelerate and this other woman and her children some type
of breeder cow lady was behind a semi and it cuts me off to get in front of me
and then she's like finally I just got her out of my way shot past her
couldn't deal with that but like she almost clipped the front of my car and
then another stupid lady on the way home in an SUV ha ha ha decides that she's
gonna cut me no she's gonna tailgate me for 10 minutes and I mean literally I
even put on my brakes you know almost bumped me it was crazy and then she just
shoots past me so finally I said you know screw it nobody else is on the road
I got in front of her and speed matched a semi she turned on her brights now
keep in mind she's in an SUV I drive a Lancer I am under her lights and I'm
short I didn't care plus I have tinted windows do you think that her bright
lights are really gonna mean a damn thing to me you're a bitch I timed it
for exactly 20 minutes I speed matched a semi and then I drove up Wow and then
she tried to pass me and then I caught up with her again and speed matched
another semi for 10 minutes and then kept going there's a special place in
hell for people like you I'm sorry you don't tailgate people on the freeway
first of all it's dangerous oh and you know what she was also in her cell phone
she was on her damn cell phone three things I hate is stupid drivers people
driving a TV stupidly and talking on your goddamn cell phone while you're
driving no there is a special place in hell for people like her and you're
right it's where they have these 20 cell phones around them and none of them work
but they're all rings and they're all ringing with the singular ringtone yeah
so I was like so mad and keep in mind I this is at this time I had been on the
road for 10 hours to give this a background of this a friend of mine was
in San Diego for convention got really sick so we drove down to meet her in
Baker's field and then drove back which is like a five-hour drive from here and
then I had to drive back so it was just really and I just was driving back by
myself at this point I was so worn out and pissed off at the world that I was
like you know what I'm going to take out all of my road frustrations and I did it
in a completely safe way I did not do it by speeding tailgating or in other ways
is driving unsafely, I just drove slowly, speed matching a semi. Alright, I got my revenge,
power to me! We gotta keep it moving. Uh, Loki, I don't know how I can really follow
that. I know. She touched all the key points about women drivers. I however am an excellent
driver. Yes, because you know pacing cars and you know getting revenge against drivers
I was driving safely. I didn't speed, she just couldn't get around me. She was speeding,
she was doing 100. I was saving everybody else. Alright kids, stop fighting. Anyways,
I don't really have an FQ of the week, but I'd like to point out an observation. I went
to the drag races this weekend. My god, a lot of rednecks like drag racing. I mean I
swear to god about half the people there didn't have shirts on, had tattoos, and drank in
their beer with their kids, but you know what though? Jet cars are awesome, and that makes
it worth it. It appeals to the redneck in me, just watching a car go 260 miles an hour
down a quarter mile. My FU of the week goes to Light Rail and some of the people that
ride it. I had jury duty this week, which I had for like the past two and a half weeks,
which finally ended this week, thank you, it's over. It's an important civic duty though,
You know, if you're in America, if it's not going to disrupt your schedule, you're not
in school or whatever, and your work will compensate for you being there, I say go.
It's a really great educational experience.
But don't ride the light rail to the courthouse because there are some just rude people that
ride it.
Oh my gosh.
And silly people.
Yeah, all of it.
All of it.
So F you the light rail.
Actually, if I may, Rob, do you have an addendum?
Sure.
I did actually speed up when I saw somebody else's lights behind her.
Alright.
Is chat room giving you a little crap for your story, DarkSakura?
I don't know.
I saw some folks cheering you on.
No, I'm actually getting kudos so far.
Yeah, I saw some folks cheering you on there.
Alright, uh...
I just want to say I was only punishing her and nobody else.
Alright.
Loki, we had a story on backwards compatibility earlier and you have somewhat of a footnote
to that story.
Yes.
A certain someone named Tim Schafer is a little pissed off that his game Psychonauts isn't
backwards compatible on the 360, and he's basically offered up the fly down his team
to help it make it happen, but Microsoft assured him, as well as everybody else, that they're
on top of it.
They've got their top men on the job, so he's not too happy about that, as well as fans
of Psychonauts, and will you be seeing Psychonauts on the 360 anytime soon?
but probably not
maybe in the next update which at the going rate will be in about four months
about maybe
uh... as long as they get crusty demons to work on there because that looks funny
ooh that and be
wait BMX triple x was censored on uh...
the xbox I have no idea what system do we do we play it on because you used to have it
I had it on the gamecube
that's kind of a weird system to that my sister and her um... boyfriend are borrowing it
Indefinite fun fun ah
Dark Sakura there was a movie at the box office or a movie that did pretty well the box office this week
And maybe it'll be a game now. You know what um and actually I haven't been to see it
I really want to you, but nacho libre
Has been licensed by Majesco
What is Majesco done lately?
I'm not sure
To be honest, maybe their Wikipedia would clue us into that. I'm assuming
It has all this useless stuff on it. Well, they're basically the game's gonna be done by bud cat creations. They brought out
psychonauts and Madden NFL 2006
But this is gonna be from what I'm saying, it's gonna be on the Nintendo DS
It's going to be the first Nintendo DS games on the US and European market
so we will have natural debris and there's also a mention that they're
trying to obtain the right to the ghostwriter movie but I think take 2 got
it instead you know speaking of I played that ghostwriter game at e3 and it's
god-awful they should have given it to somebody else I'm sorry it was awful
speaking of games and movies I completely forgot Silent Hill the movie
is actually coming to DVD August 22nd in the United States so look forward to
that. They're gonna have some DVD commentaries on there, plus the origins of Silent Hill
and some other stuff. No UFO ending! It better have a UFO ending as an easter egg, or the
dog. I want a UFO ending on it. Well, want all you want, it's not gonna happen. You don't
know that. It's just like wanting the Battle Royale US movie to be good. It could be an
easter egg. Oh, hello, how could we forget Majesco Guilty Gear. Yeah, that was it. I
They did something I like.
The Jaws game was recent too.
I love Guilty Gear.
Infected was also a big push from them not that long ago.
I need to go see Nacho Libre though.
I'll pass.
I am a big fan of Mexican wrestling.
Yes, but are you a big fan of Jack Black?
Not too much, but I still think this is going to be hilarious.
I was when he was in Tenacious D. Do they even still do stuff now?
I don't know.
They're making a Tenacious D movie.
We've had a lot of politically oriented stories in the first half of the show and this kind
of follows that the ESRB is now threatening $1 million game rating fines.
The ESRB is raising this maximum penalty for a publisher who fails to disclose objectional
content so don't leave your nudity on the disc because some hacker might find it and
your company is going to get sued for one million.
Here's my question though, I know how they have their rating system and stuff.
Now I for fact know that anime, like ADV for example, they do not have ratings that are
done by the MPAA.
They have their own ratings that they put on there that are completely independent and
And yet they are sold in stores out there that are not banning them.
Who gives a crap if they get sued a million dollars?
Couldn't they self-rate their games and still be able to put them out in the stores?
Well, how I was going to get to that is that the ESRB, you might be asking, well what happens
if they don't pay the one million dollars?
What the ESRB can do is revoke the rating services and that will screw you when it comes
to getting into Walmart and GameStop and all that stuff, which doesn't carry games and
aren't branded.
or have the AO rating, I should point out.
I don't know, you raise a good point, but at the same time, with the video games getting
all this negative publicity in the sense of these laws, I don't know if a video game company
would be able to get away with it the same way a movie company can.
I don't see...
I mean, because they're rated...
I don't...
Anime is kind of its own...
I mean, in the sense that movies is kind of its own specialty world anyway.
Yeah, but the ESRB...
Maybe that's how they get away with it.
The ESRB is like kind of an independent company anyways.
Why do they have to be the one out there that says what the game is rated?
Couldn't there be another rating system out there?
Does it really need to be this one company?
If you think about it, they're putting these companies through a lot of stupid shit.
The whole hot coffee thing was ridiculous to begin with, and the fact that they're threatening
$1,000,000 fines, $1,000,000 for what?
Oh, that's going to teach them to not go with you?
Big deal.
It's an independent company.
don't see what the big deal is, just self rate your games. That's what we did before
we even had these ESRB things, is they either didn't have a rating or they were self rated,
so big deal, I don't know. Alright, uh, Loki, take us to our next story. Speaking of craziness,
I swear to god it should be a segment on this show, what crazy thing did Sony say this week?
Well uh, Kutaragi, he came out and said, as the Playstation 3 is a computer we might even
offer it on a build to order basis, customized to the needs of each and every user.
Congratulations, you are retarded.
So like a gateway Playstation 3 or a Dell PS3?
So it's like a PC.
So it's a PC.
Dude, you're getting a PS3.
Great, it's a PC.
Wonderful.
Sony seems to really be working that it's a computer angle.
All that to avoid taxes in the UK.
I don't know.
They don't get it.
Speaking of people in power at companies, did you hear this?
This doesn't maybe directly affect gaming, but it is important to note, nerds everywhere
were noting that Bill Gates has announced that he's stepping down from his head position
at Microsoft in 2008.
And what's going to happen after July of 2008, Gates will kind of function only in like an
advisory role.
He's not going to really be doing the day-to-day functions.
He wants to focus on the charity stuff, which is cool, and it's got him a lot of notoriety
in recent years.
Wasn't he a papal of the year?
Was it last year, the year before, with his wife and Bono for their charity work?
I'm surprised he's being able to retire in two years.
Isn't he going to go broke tomorrow?
I somehow doubt that, with all the billions of dollars that he is making, he is going
to be really struggling, he might have to cut back.
Expect to see Ray Ozzie, who is the Chief Technical Officer, start to take on a bigger
role there, not saying he is necessarily going to be a replacement, but he is going to assume
the title of Chief Software Architect and work side by side with Gates on technical
architecture and product oversight responsibilities.
You might start seeing some of those other folks there at Microsoft starting to fill
the shoes of Bill Gates.
One person whose shoes cannot be filled is the great and terrible Dark Sakura.
You can email her or you can email the show really, but she reads them.
It's no secret.
Dark Sakura is the one that's going through the mailbag there.
It's mailbag at orangelaundry.com.
It's a way for you to interact with our program when you can't be here live on Sunday nights.
when we tape, and DarkSakura reads the emails, she goes through them, puts on her hazmat
suit and her rubber gloves, and pulls out some Anthrax free letters to read for you
all.
DarkSakura, who is emailing us this week?
Well tonight I actually just have three emails.
Yeah because I got one that wasn't really a particularly appropriate question and then
a few others were just site suggestions.
By the way, thank you to our friend Rob with Two Bees.
So we have, our first email comes from Matt in the UK, he's really awesome.
I just want to say that your show is awesome.
I just wish that I lived in a different time zone so I can listen to your shows live.
I listen to your podcasts all the time.
I always learn something new when I listen to OLR and you guys always make me laugh.
Thank you.
I wonder if you've ever thought of coming down to the UK sometime.
There's the odd convention going on here and there.
If you do come down here sometime, it would make me the happiest pretty on the isle.
Your show is amazing and I hope you carry on for many years to come.
I would love to.
In fact, I was planning on going next year.
Finances are not what I thought they would be, but who knows, it could happen if we start
saving our dog.
Anyone buys a plane ticket, we'll go.
No, I appreciate the ego inflation email.
That's always nice to get, but the reality is hundreds of dollars to come over there
Most of the time for it like when I did the East Coast con that came out of my own pocket
If we do sakura con next year, which I'm understanding we've already been
Approved guests or whatever. We're gonna have to pay for that to go there. So
driving our way to if you want to
If you want to help us out with play money sure will come I'd love to check out the UK
I've always wanted to send orange lounge to Britain
We'll see. We'll see so
someday don't count it out I mean I still want to go there to travel so I
will pay for it someday it's just hopefully Orange Launch Radio is still
around next year and years well I know it will be but you know in when I can
afford it well I got it actually an an non-story email from Rob says this is
just an idea I had but if pin name and we use the we type control scheme
realistic nudges could be modeled for the first time on a home game in those
virtual tables that you talked about last week of course nothing comes
close to a full thrust nudge on a table with no tilt.
Well I don't think it's gotta be pin maim, I think any pinball simulator on the Wii could
incorporate that idea, that's a dang good idea.
And then we also have one from, I think in another map, said I just wanted to let you
know, let you guys know that on www.ableelectronics.com they have the PS3 available for pre-order.
order the only thing is that you can't really pre-order it instead of the add
to cart button it is replaced with an authorized button which takes you to
nowhere you should check it out go to the website and click on video game
consoles under video games tab I'm sorry buddy but I've never heard of that site
and I would never buy a system from a site I've never dropped $600 on the site
I never heard of but you give a good chance for us to bring up this
opportunity to say don't buy from places that don't know you don't have a trust
Again, I don't know this company, so I'm not trying to knock it, but you know, I've never
heard of it.
Well, that's why I was thinking of this email.
Whenever you get anything like that, your best friend for any internet ordering place
is the Better Business Bureau website.
Check anything out before you order online, read their feedback, or you could really be
burned and just make sure that you do your research before you go through any of those
websites.
That's why I wanted to bring that email up.
Although it is funny that they're taking pre-orders that go to nowhere.
Maybe it's just something they want to make and it's broken, or I don't know, it's coming soon, who knows?
Could be, under construction. Nobody in chat room is saying anything about that site, so I don't know, we'll see.
Is that it? That'd be all.
Alright, send us more email, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
Loki, meanwhile, you want to be a beta tester?
Yes, if you do, then you better head on over to
Atari's website, actually they're doing a online beta test for the Playstation 2 version
of their new Test Drive Unlimited.
And you can go and sign up right now at www.atari.com slash TDU beta test.
And you can basically sign up there, of course they're saying that you're going to be under
a strict non-disclosure agreement or NDA and standard.
You will need to have a PlayStation 2 console, including a broadband internet connection
and network adapter.
Alright, so make sure to check that out.
I will say though, if I am picked, I will not bite by that indie.
They'll sue your ass, careful, I don't know if I'd be admitting to that.
Moving on, our Skyplane is going to be opened up very soon over at OrangeloungeRadio.com.
on interact with us, it's username OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype or you can call us on the telephone
as well, 916-226-9067, please, please, pretty please though, if you're going to call us
on Skype, please give these guys a call first, ECHO123, and you don't have to add them to
their friends list, a lot of people told me, well I tried calling you but they wouldn't
accept my friend invite, they're not going to, it's a computer, you just put that in
as your call and it'll pick up right away and you can hear what you sound like, so please
Please give them a call first, make sure you sound good, then give us a call, otherwise
we get angry.
That will be right after this story about the DS Lights on Japanese airline JAL.
They're going to be offering their first class and executive class passengers DS Lights to
play during the flight's duration.
It's a special promotion that's going on until August 31st, and if you think you have to
be in Japan to use this, no.
But actually, the routes would include Tokyo, New York City, Tokyo, Chicago, Tokyo, LA,
Tokyo, San Francisco, Tokyo, London, Tokyo, Beijing, and one other one, Tokyo, Guangzhou.
If I horribly butchered that, I'm sorry.
But so if you have JAL going to Tokyo from where you are, chances are you have a chance
to do this.
Of course, the DS Lite's Wi-Fi capabilities have been taken out because you're not supposed
to have wireless and all that stuff interfering on the planes.
However, you will get a chance to do a Japanese brain training game, an English brain training
game, Otona no DS Golf, and Mario Kart.
So no snaking on a plane?
You know what, that's got to be one of the worst jokes ever told on this show, congratulations.
I'm full of them, I'll keep them coming, I've been borrowing from 23 Megas.
job all right our toilet paper is right here our skype line is open over orange
lounge radio comm click on interact with us or you can pick up your phone and
call 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67 but but but please keep in mind that is not an 800
number it is a local number to the Sacramento area so you may be charged a
fee if you're not paying the phone bill don't call hi you're on orange lounge
Radio who's this?
Hi Ravens dolphin, what's on your mind buddy?
DS light again. Ah, what's up with the DS light? What are your thoughts on that?
Well, a thousand of them got stolen in Hong Kong. I heard about this
It's all luminous his fault because it told us how to taught us how to move crates. Remember? Yeah, they sure did
What do you what do you think about that? I mean is that I
I think it's crazy. You think it's crazy?
Why? Because somebody was able to get away with it? Stealing all that? Yeah.
Well don't you watch 24? Someone like Jack Bauer can do anything.
Yeah you're right but he's dead. He's not dead.
If he died the show wouldn't continue. Well one of the geeks died and that made me sad.
Alright anyway this is about games. Anything else you want to say about DS Lite?
No but I have a question for you. I'm sorry?
I have a question for you. Oh, what? Me? Oh, what? What is the longest loading screen
you ever
encountered in a game?
Of recent memory, Final Fantasy 11. We timed it. It takes one minute 59 seconds
to get from boot up
into the actual game. And that may not sound like a long time, but it is.
UltraMix 3 also had a pretty horrible load time. It takes like a minute
to get in there after the title screen. It's pretty bad. Any of the KOF games on
Saturn?
mm-hmm I Grand Theft Auto's got a pretty bad one oblivion does too but I can
understand an oblivion's case because once you get in there it's pretty good
actually Street Fighter alpha on the Super Nintendo had loading time mm-hmm
really yes it did it was horrible you'd go to this it should like the scene and
then character would pop up after like 30 minutes and then not 30 minutes 30
seconds then another character would pop up and then the voice would load in and
then it would start our chat rooms taking an opportunity one more thing oh
Oh sure. I have a custom-built Super Nintendo controller
that is custom made for a computer. Where'd you get this? Is this something you did
yourself? I ordered it.
Huh? I ordered it online on eBay.
Oh. How's it work? Great. Works perfectly.
Is it just using a bunch of different converters? No, it's a Super Nintendo controller
that is USB interface and it works great with all emulators.
and you got this on ebay
on ebay do you remember the seller's name
so you can recommend it
no i don't know that
the the website this guy makes all of them he even made a power glove
computer one wow well do you remember though um...
the people who made the uh...
uh... pc out of the nintendo
i remember someone did an atari one
well they actually the site's gone now but he was actually building them
for people in selling and he was making the controller into a USB and also converting
the Super Nintendo mouse into a PC mouse.
Oh yeah, they do have that on, I did see that, the mouse one, I want to buy it, it was like
24 bucks.
But he was building it basically out of laptop parts and just putting a USB connector instead
of the regular plug-in and setting up drivers for it.
Oh, sounds interesting.
Ravenstaufen, I want to point out as well, the chat room is giving quite a response to
your question about load times i hit stun saying half-life 2 takes me
forever to load you will bow to me says midnight club dub for PSP has hella load
times
yeah i agree xander k says the sims 2 for PSP has the crappiest loads ever
wow i didn't expect such a response to this well it was just a random question
see how easy it is to get a response out of people just get on a microphone and
start yelling
alright i know you got a bunch of calls so i'm gonna let it go yeah we got a couple
All right.
Have a good one, Ravenstaufen.
Thanks for the call.
Bye.
Later.
Let's go to another call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Diginova.
Hi, Diginova.
Hey.
How you doing?
Just letting you know it's sunrise here at the moment.
Oh, my God.
What time is it over there?
It's 4.30 in the morning.
I can tell where you're from from the sound of your voice.
That's wow.
He's so tired.
Well, I was going to go to bed at midnight, but I asked my fiancé, could I please just
stay up and listen to you guys because I've got the time off because I've just changed jobs.
Oh, thank you fiance for us. And thank you for being so dedicated. You're crazy. I love it.
What's on your mind? What do you want to share with listeners?
It was actually two points. First of all,
make it quick because I know you guys got other people calling. It was,
I was watching the TV show called Gamer TV. It's here in Bravo. It's a Sky
thing, Rupert Murdoch thing anyway. I want to say we get that over here. Don't,
didn't they used to show that on a G4 at some point?
gamer TV yeah I'm a different network though but
yeah okay with one of the show anyway I'm sorry go ahead yeah
what basically it's been backing up what you say about games and
parents and the rest but this one in particular was about a doctor in
Chicago saying games are very good and how they influence the
mind and how the keyhole surgery it was I forgot
what he said it was it's a on there but it was really
interesting to the point of you saying like how games were influencing
I just thought I would bring that up and the second point was when the hell are they going
to release Outrun for the backwards compatibility?
That was one reason why I kept my game.
You know, it's why I hate that guy.
First off, to address the first point about the Chicago guy, I want to say this sounds
very similar to a story we had a while back.
It was a little while ago and I don't know if it's the same one or different or what,
but it seems like once in a while you do get these doctors who come out and say, you know
know what, this really does help reaction times, hand eye coordination is the old fall
back.
I actually read a test in a psychological journal that was talking about reaction times
especially when playing puzzle games, RPGs, versus non-gamers and that the gamer group
came out way ahead.
It's too bad our politicians don't seem to be counting any of that.
There is nothing over here in the same politics way going towards gaming.
How is it over there?
While I've got a UK listener on the phone, I can kind of ask what is the impression over
there of what is going on over here with the gaming laws?
Is it we're a bunch of crazies over here in America or is it the same things happening
over here?
There is nothing going on.
I've not seen it in the papers.
It's just from you guys.
I get all my gaming news.
So when I'm in the store, you know you talk about a game, the store, a friend of the manager
there and literally you see little kids coming up saying, can I buy this and he's blunt with
them and says, do I look stupid, put it back, go away and he's so blunt with them and it
just makes me laugh.
That's great.
That sounds like how my husband does.
You don't get that level of rudeness here in America except in some certain cities.
New York used to have that stigma but I don't know, in the recent years they're not so much
the rude place anymore, and when I went there I had a great experience.
I've been in a GameStop with Dan fully telling them to get out of the store and get their
parents.
Dan's rude, but in a funny way.
That's why I married him.
I was muffing to him and saying, that's not good customer service, but you work in a bank.
There's rude, rude, and then there's rude funny, and Dan's rude funny.
Yeah.
All right.
Somehow or another he gets away with it.
I work for a bank myself, and there's a big difference in the level of customer, though.
yeah well over here we've got like it's just local bank I mean it's national
it's owned by RBS World Bank Scotland but not giving them advertising because
I no longer work for them. I want to say real quick too on your second point about
Outrun you know I I'm sure everybody has that one game they wish the damn 360
would emulate already and the sad thing is we're gonna be waiting a long long
time before they're all available. Usually when they get one they get about
like 20, because you know they weren't targeting that Barbie adventure game.
And I don't know how many times I've said this to people when they bitch about, why
is Barbie emulatable and Outrun isn't?
Well because...
Not that I'm saying this.
What did you say?
Because Mattel paid for it?
Well no, because Barbie is probably very similar in its design to, I don't know, Halo or one
of the games that is already playable.
I'm not trying to say Barbies like Halo.
Go back to 8-bit and 16-bit emulation.
It's almost the same way.
For instance, the NES games.
A lot of NES games are assigned to certain mappers.
I don't want to get into too much detail, but all the NES games are on certain mappers.
For a lot of these obscure Japanese titles, the reason why those were the last ones to
be emulated on NES emulators is because their mappers were not one of the standard.
I think there are five or six standard ones.
The crazy ones are outside of that.
You would have to basically write new code for each mapper.
Take that idea and apply it to Xbox and Xbox 360, that's kind of what's going on.
Is that, you know, when you unlock one big game, you might unlock a bunch of little crappy
ones that were similar in design.
But it's not that Xbox is targeting those crap games, it's that it just happens that
they work so it can just boost their numbers, yippee.
It brings, it raises the whole situation you said about PlayStation 3, they put simply
just a Playstation in there but again with the Xbox because it was such a PC they've
really hit a brick wall with it so.
Well it was Microsoft's decision to go with the different graphics setup so you know it's
it's uh they had to weigh that pro and con when they did it so they got to be responsible
for that decision.
Brilliant, alright well listen you set up that PayPal donation fund and I'll definitely
do it for you guys coming over here.
I appreciate it you're a you're a true trooper we appreciate you listening okay.
Take care of yourselves.
Thanks for calling in.
Thanks for calling.
Alright.
Sleep well.
Whenever he finally goes to sleep there.
I wanted to point out here in the chatroom,
Black Wolf, our buddy Bobby, over on...
They're on Captain N again.
Huh?
They're on Captain N again.
No, no, no, not Bobby.
Bobby's saying...
Well, he might be somewhere else,
but Bobby is saying they did target Big Mother Truckers.
Why?
Because there's a certain demographic that goes for that,
you know, and let's...
And they're all in this...
Yeah, I know, I know.
Let's do one more call here.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only man.
It's the one and only choppy legend of Zaku who is choppy, choppy in and out, who needs
to turn off the porn torrents.
What's up?
All right, I got word on the street that Supernova is coming out this Wednesday in Dave & Buster's
in Times Square.
And for the three or four listeners we have in Times Square, they're going to be really
happy.
It's been confirmed by folks who are on the inside of the company and the people that
work there.
Since I'm 21, that's a definite of me actually going there that Wednesday.
Okay.
Hooray for you, but what about the rest of us?
We have listeners in New York.
I understand that, but we have lots of listeners, a fraction of which live in New York.
What I'm trying to get at, the point is, is this going to be a trend for Dave & Busters
because there are lots of Dave & Busters everywhere?
What I'm hearing is that they're going to phase out their pump it up machines and supernovas.
Ooh, Miglotov's going to be pissed.
That's what I'm hearing right there.
They're trying to use that as a replacement.
Now the DDR's gone legit here.
Interesting.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Have fun with your supernova.
I guess take pictures, send us a review.
If you want any reviews or any info, I should be able to provide it by next Sunday.
Well, I don't want to sound like a jerk.
We did kind of get to play it at E3.
This one will be the final one, though.
Alright, well let us know if there's anything different.
That's what I want to know. If there's anything different from what we saw at E3, then let us know.
Alright, I'll give you back the skinny.
Alright, Zach, we gotta go. We got more calls coming in.
Alright.
Have a good one, buddy.
Bye.
Have fun in your Times Square. Actually, I do love Times Square, though.
I love New York City.
If you do live there and listen to this show, you're lucky, because I do love that place.
Let's go to another phone call. Hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Sky, I was joking about Big Mother Truckers.
Hi Bobby!
Are you kidding?
You know what, you can't say things in chat like that
without putting a JK or something
I don't know
I put the JK, it was silent
It was on the internet, therefore it must be true
Alright
You got me
And for that
since you got me, I will let you pimp your show
Go for it
Oh, my show?
My show is the Bobby Black Wolf Show
about how table tennis does actually have a whore in it.
Yesper!
His name is Yesper.
He is a whore.
And anybody who's played table tennis knows Yesper's a big whore.
Yes he is.
So I just want to clear that up.
Alright, no problem.
Also, Bobby.
Yes?
You win a no-prize.
Okay.
What?
I've been back in my X-Men fandoms to get the no-prize.
Just smile and nod at Dark Sakura tonight.
She's had one too many espresso brownies.
I had one!
I had one!
one too many and a banana coconut frappuccino which is crack and captain
enrolled no you know it did congrats on the new site you guys thank you very
much it's calm all right say it enough times and people will go there Bobby all
games calm all right have a good one bye guys bye we love Bobby he's so cool one
more call I lied before and I said that Zach would be the last we're doing one
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Anoush.
Hi Anoush, what's on your mind?
Oh, I did butcher your name earlier, didn't I?
Now I know, and knowing is half the battle.
What's on your mind Anoush?
Just a quick question.
Do you guys think that Sony is just going to surprise us all right at launch with all these games and things that no one was expecting?
Whoa, it's like the remix, it's echoing there.
Careful buddy, turn down your volume there, that was kind of weird.
I don't think so because Sony isn't very smart.
I disagree.
I think Sony has surprises left in store. I think
they have to. I think Sony
is going to have to do something to make up for E3.
And I don't know what that is, but it will be a surprise when it's said.
I don't see that Sony is going to leave themselves in this hole that they've dug.
Doug.
What they need to do is they need to gag everybody at that company, shut the F up, do not talk
about PS3 anymore, stop talking to the gaming press, and then two months before the system
comes out we will have the bang up press conference, we'll have a do-over, and do it right this
time.
I hear that echo again, sorry.
Sorry, I'm leaving a mic for my MacBook Pro.
That's alright.
Anoush, any other thoughts on that that you want to share?
really okay well thanks for the question but I've I got to hang up cuz the echo
is driving me nuts
I love what Zander K said in the chat
What did Zander K say?
It kinda sounds like my wife's breast pump
Gross!
That's so nasty
That was freaky
Sky's voice second mix from Dark Tetsuya
That sounded scary
like I don't know like I was in poltergeist or something all right any
Any last minute stories here in studio?
Well, I was going to mention since we talked about Table Tennis that Grand Theft Auto IV
is actually going to be using Table Tennis's graphic engine called Rage, Rockstar's advanced
game engine, for Grand Theft Auto IV, so that's going to be pretty sweet.
Okay, yeah, Table Tennis is a good looking game, let's hope it carries over into Grand
Theft Auto, I'm sure it will, I have no doubt it will look sexy, I'm sure.
Sakura do you have anything well there is a list out a very special list okay
this is basically the list of games that have been released since Duke Nukem
Forever was announced oh boy cuz what was Duke Nukem Forever announced like
how many years ago April 25th 1997 basically if you go to duke.a-13.net
it's the list basically what we have is we've got a whole crap load of Final
Fantasy games starting from seven up through recent cell phone games tactics
crystal chronicles all of the games with Final Fantasy characters in it then it
goes into the Grand Theft Auto series the Legend of Zelda series since
Ocarina of Time a bunch of this is over 75 games in Megaman universe 12 games
featuring Megaman universe character cameos 50 games in the Star Wars
universe Mario has been 58 different games since it was announced every thief
game every version of counter-strike half-life every Tony Hawk game video
game systems the Xbox was released and all the systems since then I also list
some fun facts it says in 1997 the fastest consumer internet connection was
There's a 33.6 kbps modem.
On average, consumer internet connections were 300 times faster today.
When Duke Nukem Forever was announced, the fastest processor was a 233 MHz Pentium.
In April 1997, there was no Google and there was no eBay.
Wait a minute.
No, there was eBay.
There was eBay.
It just was not even what it was now.
There was no weblog.
And as far as disasters, it says there's been 125 hurricanes happened since then, 20 death
toll-producing tornado outbreaks in the United States, and 50 major earthquakes in the world.
In other words, it's been a long freaking time since I announced Duke Nukem.
Britney Spears' entire musical career as a pop star took place since the announcement.
Somebody had a lot of free time on their hands when they did this.
This is fabulous.
I love it.
Yes, this is great.
40 new members have been elected to the Senate, Bill Clinton finished his presidential term
and George Bush came on, 4 nations acquired nuclear weapons technology, 19 wars have begun
and 5 wars have ended.
Blaze wants to know why this wasn't the side of the week.
Because I didn't think about it because we wanted to do sexy Roth and we had already
decided last week.
I'm logging into eBay right now to see when I actually...
worth a mention most assuredly and I think whoever sent it to me
I'm logging in to see when I bought something on eBay
I bought something on eBay look at this on my feedback prompt response and payment
a pleasure to do business with
April 26 1997 was when that feedback was left on my account
I'm old school I have a feedback rating of three because the last time I bought
something from eBay
you know when the last feedback was left 99 I remember though I bought Super Metro
Oh, none of you care. Why am I talking about none of you care?
We have one more phone call because I forgot I promised this person they could be on tonight higher on orange launch radio
Who's this? I didn't know as a promise. Hey, it's dmn. Hi dmn. Yeah, I remember saying something about it. What's on your mind?
Um, well, I found out how to give away the Wii
Okay, that's right. You're giving away a Wii. Yes. Okay. How you gonna give away a Wii?
Well because I'm a huge fan of interactivity just like you guys are people who come listen live in the chat room and
argue appropriately with your discussion get points the more points they get the
more stuff they get if they win during the week right now actually a funny
Dale's kicking everyone's ass they get a t-shirt from Nintendo so funny Dale's
not just a clever name no all right um the highest average score you got to do
at least six of these you get a we Wow so so in other words you have this
completely subjective system that you just are going to pretty much give the system to
whoever you think is the funniest?
Not necessarily the funniest, whoever brings the better arguments.
Whoever is the wittiest?
Yes.
Oh, get it?
The wittiest!
Yeah.
Do I get points for that?
Yeah, the joke's like that.
I get points for that?
Ah, damn it.
Well, everybody, good luck.
I hope it brings a lot more people in the chat room.
What do the hosts get out of this?
Because I noticed you've been rating the hosts, too.
You guys just get points for the hell of it.
You guys just need to ask me and I'll get you stuff.
You know how that works.
I want a Wii.
I want a Wii.
I want a Wii.
No, if you send us the communal Wii, we'll fight to the death over it.
That'll be Orange Lounge Battle Royale.
We'll tape it and put it on YouTube.
It'll be on my MySpace profile.
Speaking of Nintendo stuff, they've got some new videos of Super Paper Mario on YouTube.
Sexy!
From the World Hobby Fair, and they look awesome.
Show me, show me, show me!
I know it's radio, I don't care, show me.
I haven't seen the game come through where I am yet, so, um.
Have you seen the Wii yet?
Nope.
Oh, damn.
October dates looking bleaker and bleaker.
From what I've heard, and don't quote me on this, it'll probably start in August.
okay well what does that mean if it tests in August? Does that mean we might still
see October?
I don't know
I don't know how long the DS was in testing
uh...
and even if I don't think I'd be at liberty to say. Okay I don't want you to
lose your job I guess I better have you be quiet
uh... but other than that yeah that's pretty much all I got
yeah I'm gonna let you guys go and finish up your show. Alright
Well, thank you for the contest and encouraging folks to interact with us live on Sunday nights
at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time on Orangelaunchradio.com because you might win DMN's Wii.
Whoa.
Well, you said it.
That is what they are going to win your Wii, right?
Sure.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
Take care, man.
Later.
Thanks.
Bye.
He rocks.
Not only does he give us insider scoop, but he gives stuff away just because he loves
you guys.
We love you guys, too, but we gotta go.
We're done for tonight.
No more show for us.
I need ice cream.
So thank you guys so much for tuning in to us tonight.
We really appreciate it.
And thank you for supporting internet radio.
Thank you for supporting independent internet radio.
And thanks to you guys for listening to us every week.
We appreciate it, and we'll see you back here next week.
Next week is a big show.
It's a big show.
Do you know why next week is a big show?
Because...
Because we said so.
because it's our birthday.
Yeah, we're gonna be this many.
We're gonna be four years old
and I'm hoping somebody brings cake next week.
A chocolate cake.
We need a cake in the shape of a cock.
Okay.
Okay, well we'll go let Jamie take out
whatever aggression she needs to do right now.
I want a cake in the shape of a mumbler.
Fuck that, I just want an ice cream cake.
Is that too much to ask?
Let's just go get ice cream.
All right, that's it.
We'll see you back here next week
for our fourth anniversary show.
Hopefully some guests coming out of the woodwork here.
Again, we're kinda trying to save all the fireworks
for episode 200, which is coming up,
because that's the bigger deal to me, I don't know.
And because Fourth of July will have come around
and we can purchase fireworks.
That's true, that's a good point.
So we'll see you back here.
Regardless, we'll have something special,
I'm sure, next week for our fourth birthday.
So tune in then, and thank you guys once again
for supporting us, we really appreciate it.
Alright, one more thing we gotta do before we gotta go though, we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
Super Paper Mario looks awesome, in fact you can switch dimensions in the game, that's pretty sweet.
My final thought is, I have new t-shirts coming next week and I'm very excited
from the internet, because the internet sells funny t-shirts.
Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Loco Roco!
And reject false icons. See you next time.
Thank you.
