Tivo is coming to your PSP and happy birthday to Sonic the Hedgehog.
Good evening everybody and welcome to
Orange Lounge Radio. It is June 25th, 2006
and you're listening to episode number 188 of our little program.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Skye. Joining me as always, say
hello to Dark Sakura. Jamie Summers.
Hi. How you doing? Sleepy.
Yeah, me too. I'm a little exhausted. I'll get into why in a little while though.
But say hello also to LOKI!
Hi.
How you doin'?
I'm okay.
Great.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to our special guest, the 23rd Magus!
Yo, what's up?
How you doin'?
Caffeinated.
Now you just had a birthday recently.
Oh yeah, 21st.
Yeah, I was gonna say, it's a big one, it's 21st.
So how did you celebrate the 21st birthday?
Did you go to a bar, get tossed, what?
I had a Guinness one to bed.
Alright.
Not much.
Alright, that's alright.
But I think my 21st birthday was probably about that exciting too, so...
It's all good. No big deal. Alright.
Yeah, it's like you do everything bad and then when you're 21 it's like,
eh, no big deal.
Now I'm actually old enough to be doing this. Now I can do it legally.
Oh, what's the reason to?
Let's go ahead and start this show off. We are here to talk about video games
and gaming news and all that good stuff. And we're going to get into
how is your gaming week. But first, just a couple announcements. First off,
Join our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat if you are listening live here
on this Sunday evening.
You should head on over there and listen.
You can always listen to our program live on orangeloungeradio.com every Sunday night
at 6 o'clock Pacific, or you can listen to us live on All Games Radio, that's allgames.com
every Monday night at 7 p.m. with a couple repeats Tuesday afternoon, but you can't do
chat during then, sorry, because we can only be here live once.
Also, the other announcement I wanted to say was it's our fourth birthday this week, officially.
The first episode of Orange Launch Radio aired June 23rd, 2002, so this is our fourth birthday
show, and so now we're old enough to be potty trained, certainly, and probably be going
to preschool, our little program, so we're very happy.
We're big kids now.
Yes.
Actually, we've probably graduated for the pull-ups.
We've been out of diapers for a little while and probably can read short little books, maybe.
We'll see.
When I was three, I could say condensation.
Oh yeah, well I could say anti-disestablishmentarianism.
No, just kidding.
I could spell it.
Alright, anyway.
We're smart kids.
We're special.
I was playing Atari 2600 at four, though.
I remember that.
I was playing the Odyssey 2 at two years old.
Duck Hunt.
Wow.
Alright, yeah.
It just goes to show.
We just dated ourselves.
ourselves how much older we are than him.
I'm the LOBY here, I'm the LOBY.
You need to gain a few more levels.
We're gonna get around to
How Was Your Gaming Week.
We're not doing anything super fancy for our
4th birthday, I mean hooray we're 4, but
we think we're gonna save
the guests and
the retrospective and all that
stuff for episode 200, which is coming up
this September, because that's a huge milestone.
200.
Let's go around and do How Was Your Gaming
What kind of video games have you been playing?
Dark Sakura, start us off.
I played a little World of Warcraft pretty much long enough to make a character on a
server with my co-workers.
Yeah, my co-workers play World of Warcraft.
Played some Animal Crossing, holding off getting my copy of Oendon for a little bit just because
stupid stuff getting in the way of my fun.
And I did my tabletop gaming this week.
Yes, I do tabletop gaming.
That's really about it.
Alright.
What kind of tabletop game are you guys playing?
Play werewolf.
Our Buffy game is on hiatus for a season.
Wow.
Not only have you dated yourself this evening, now you've made yourself an obvious nerd.
I don't care.
I mean, come on.
Who plays Buffy roleplay?
You've got to be a hardcore nerd to be doing Buffy roleplay.
Dude, I did...
Okay, you're the one that picked up the GURPS book today.
I was...
I didn't know what it was.
I was like, what's a GURP?
Is that like a LARP?
My first, actually my second roleplay ever was GURPS.
My third was Shadowrun, my fourth was D&D.
Okay, you have dated yourself. I have definitely not progressed past 3rd edition D&D.
I refused to play 3rd edition. I started on 2nd edition. I still had 1st edition books.
You're not the first person I've heard say something negative about 3rd edition. What's so bad about it?
bad about it everything except for constitution based magic casting i missed stako it made it so
easy all right uh we're gonna go ahead and head on over to loki how was your gaming week it was good
um i don't know really didn't play a whole lot i played more call of duty 2 actually last night
we were trying out the new maps and i finally got on the work i think that they had like another
update or something that allowed those maps that you can purchase or download for free
to work.
And there was one of the maps that had this giant silo on it and you basically climb up
to the top and snipe people down from the top of that.
So that's actually pretty fun to play just that map.
Played a little bit more Blazing Angels trying to beat the damn thing all the way.
I played a little bit of Mutant Storm Reloaded because I'm on level 89 and I have to beat
it.
But then again, all the effort I put into that and I looked at the achievement that
that unlocks and that's like 15 points, I'm like, is it really worth the 15 points?
Well if you're on level 89 at this point you might as well finish it.
It's just, it's, it's...
How many levels are there?
It's like 95 or something, right?
No, 89.
Oh great, so you're on the very last level and you just can't beat it?
Well here's the thing, the difficulty like, it ramps up very strange.
It gets really hard and it kind of gets easier, and it's super duper hard.
So I don't get it.
But I don't know, it's an okay game, I just need to finish it so I can get the damn achievement.
I played Gauntlet for a little bit, and I don't know why.
But yeah, I tried that.
Achievement points!
You want more achievement points?
I think I was looking at your profile, and you don't have any achievement points for
Gauntlet, and I have like 25, therefore I am the better Gauntlet player than you.
Because I haven't played Gauntlet.
Whatever.
Anyways, what else did I play?
I think it played whack-a-mole. No, it did not play whack-a-mole. I tell you what, it
didn't play. It didn't play point blank DS because freaking GameStop doesn't have it
because they suck. Anyways, I think that was all I played. I didn't really play too much
this week. I've been trying to... Oh, a lot of Test Drive Unlimited demo. A whole lot
of that. We've been trying to see how we can exploit the demo. I keep forgetting to download
It's fun because the cars the police cars are stupid
They downloaded that at arena the week of e3 and I played it like once and it was kind of cool
Like I haven't been excited about a test drive game since like the days of Commodore 64 and this one looks pretty neat
We excited we managed to I was playing it
The Lamborghini goes quite fast off-road ironically enough and the police cannot get you if you're off-road
Then, we took an SUV, we slammed into it, and we knocked it into the ocean.
Well done, you should get points for that.
We knocked it into the ocean, which is supposed to be just like, you know, a few inches deep
when it's washing ashore, but apparently the way the game is designed, it's just a cliff
and the car just disappeared.
And I jumped the fence, and I jumped into this yard that I couldn't get out of, which
was fun, and I also got my car stuck between a rock and a house, and what other fun stuff
do we do oh yeah we jumped a mountain that was fun but the game is very flawed
in but it's I guess it's just a demo right now you know it's obviously not
even near finished but there's a lot of things that got fixed on that a lot a
lot of things but um I don't know we'll see it's this is the game that my boss
says we'll get him to buy an Xbox 360 I'm like you know there's like a lot of
of better games out there why this one but whatever all right my gaming week
was also kind of unexciting I didn't really play a lot of new stuff I played
burnout you know because I there's nothing more fun than doing the synth
pop burnout running through the traffic attack and then once in a while I'll
throw in journey greatest hits or Abba or something like really you know weird
but it's fun to drive to and then I was playing a World of Warcraft still I was
I was on LA for most of the week with a business trip, which reminds me, if you go to All Games
Interactive's show, and I know a lot of you guys listen to them over allgames.com, I'm
on their Tuesday show this week, because I dropped by Arena right after work on Tuesday,
and I was in a really bad mood on Tuesday.
I know what was wrong, I woke up at 3.30 in the morning on Tuesday, so I really beat up
on a couple of their regulars, and I almost felt bad when I listened to the playback of
the show I was like God I was rude it's like going to someone's house and like
drinking all their soda and eating all their food that's kind of what I did on
Tuesday so check it out if you want to see me being a bitch
otherwise as far as new games go I did look at big brain Academy for like five
seconds unfortunately I'll have to wait and give a full review on that next week
however let me talk about a book and you might be thinking wait why would you
talk about a book on a video game show because it has to do with gaming my
My birthday happens to be tomorrow, and Dark Sakura treated me to a Queen for a day, took
me out to lunch, took me out to dessert, and then took me to a bookstore and said, essentially,
in so many words, we're not leaving here until you pick out a book to buy.
So I picked out a book called I Am 8-Bit, which has to do with the 8-bit exhibit that
you see in L.A. every E3, and they have some great art exhibits, and I gotta tell you,
My favorite picture in the I Am 8-Bit book is one where Mario is standing there and he's
looking at the princess, who's lying there naked on the bed, buck-ass naked, and Mario
looks kind of, yeah, it's got a little titty in the book, which makes it, you know, even
better, right?
Some porn?
So, and Mario's...
No, no, no, you said it was erotica.
Yeah, I'm sorry, it was erotica, because Jamie was making fun of me, like, ah, you're buying
porn.
I was like, no, it's erotica.
But Mario's all looking confused, like he doesn't know what to do.
But you see, you know how like sometimes guys, when they don't know what to do, they'll write
notes on their hand?
Like, you know, when they want to break up and don't know what to say, they'll write
it on their hand?
Well, if you look at Mario's hand, what he's looking down at, it has a Konami code on it.
Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right.
So frickin' funny.
I'm sorry, that was a great picture.
I'll have to show that to you later, Loki, like during the break, you'd get a kick out
of that.
So I Am 8-Bit is the book, and two thumbs up, I'm sorry, eight thumbs up from me.
a good book a good coffee table book for a gamer all right let's go ahead and get
into some gaming news for this evening by the way if you want to join our chat
room and give some feedback once again it's orange launch radio comm click on
chat and see Wonder Dog Harold says I'm sorry Mario but my dress is in another
castle in reference to the photo I was describing there I was funny that was a
good time by the way one of our chatters DMN is having a little chat room contest
and officially on the record we're not really able to sponsor it but we think
it's cool
DM is actually going to give away a Wii because he has ties to Nintendo so like
to the chatter I think they're playing around the horn and to the chatter that
gets the most points or the average points the best average points wins a Wii
so it just is incentive to participate live in our chat room so if you're not
there
you should be asking yourself why am I not there and we're getting into some
Some gaming news tonight, we are not the only one celebrating a birthday today, actually
Sonic is also celebrating his 15th anniversary and GameTab's getting in on the fun, they're
offering subscribers a trio of titles which are the lock-on versions of Sonic.
For instance, Sonic the Hedgehog and Knuckles, Knuckles in Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 Sonic and
Knuckles.
Remember how like, you know, you could use the cart and plug it into the old carts and
you have a new game?
That was amazing.
What a cute technology that you never really saw outside of that, at least I don't remember
it.
I liked how you could plug in random Sega games on the cartridge and then you could
do the special stages in different ways with different games.
Really?
I didn't even know you could use it with other games.
You'd have to, I forgot what it was, you had to hold down the buttons while you loaded
the game and it would load up all the special stages on different cartridges.
That's kind of cool.
I like that.
Well anyway, you can download those on GameTap, no plug-in, no cartridges needed, all that
good stuff if you're a GameTap member.
Also, they added on to GameTap TV three behind-the-scenes looks at Sonic the Hedgehog, so if you like
to watch that stuff that GameTap TV produces, which is far better than anything G4 is producing
currently, check it out.
It's a good time.
Also, just to join in on the fun here, Sega has revealed that they're going to be doing
two new portable Sonic games, and there's a first look at those screens there.
What they're basically doing is that they're going to do Sonic the Hedgehog Genesis for
the Game Boy Advance, and it's going to have additions to Sonic the Hedgehog, but it will
have Sonic Spin Dash, and it's also going to have a save ability.
Also coming out on the PSP, Sonic Rivals, which is a one-on-one racing game that will
have knuckles and it's gonna have like kind of like a 2d combined with a 3d
world type thing I played the hell out of that at e3 oh what you think oh it's
so good and I won all the time and they gave me a t-shirt but it really is it's
almost like playing you know old-school Sonic with updated graphics but instead
your goal is just to make it through the level as fast as humanly possible it's
It's like doing the old Tails races in Sonic Adventure, just on 2D.
Did you play it at all?
You did?
No, I didn't.
Oh, it's definitely one that I would suggest to everyone to get out.
We had a lot of game purchases go on lately.
Mario cut a half a million copies in the u.s. And over one month just over a month
They're saying basically 20 copies were sold every minute
Which I think they did the math and that didn't end up being correct, but you know, it's a lot
Well in the first two days they sold a hundred and thirty six thousand five hundred units. Wow, so
basically, that's just
pretty, pretty, you know, hardcore for game sales.
Half a million, you said? Half a million, five hundred thousand.
That's pretty darn good for a game that really hasn't been out that long, all things considered, yeah.
It's at the top of the charts. Yeah, absolutely. So it's having the same...
The rated E games are taking over.
It's having the same non-stop hysteria-ness here that it's been having in Japan, essentially.
This goes to show that old school will win you points for the masses.
especially when it comes to Nintendo. You know, I don't know
if Sony were to release a new Crash Bandicoot for the PSP
I don't know if it would have the same...yeah I don't know...because
Crash Bandicoot they've really beaten into the ground but isn't that weird that we
feel burnt out on Crash Bandicoot
yet Nintendo has way horrid Mario more often. They don't need to deviate from the
formula because it works.
The other thing too is Crash Bandicoot is in the first party
Okay, I don't know. I tried to think of like a Sony mascot. That's the best thing I can come up with
Well, that's because it was you know at one point, you know their mascot because that's all they really had and now it's not
They don't really have a mascot they have you know
giant crabs, I guess
giant crabs could be the mascot I
Don't know
Rhinos in Africa.
saying that original hits like Geometry Wars and Smash TV and casual games would extend
the 360's appeal to non-hardcore audiences and also those people that, and I don't know
why people don't have broadband yet, but the people that don't have broadband can't download
them. But, ironically enough, information arrived to me this week saying that actually
Hopefully this is going to be happening sooner than later.
There is going to be a game coming out in September called the Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged.
And what it's going to contain is a few games, including Geometry Wars, Texas Hold'em, which
is supposed to be coming out in July I think, Wick, Bejeweled 2, Outpost's Cloaky X, Hardwood
Backgammon, which I don't believe is out yet.
No, Backgammon is on the marketplace, I'm pretty sure.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
No, I wouldn't play it anyway.
are like the hardwood games or whatever.
Free, which will also come with a free month of gold, which they include with like almost
every game nowadays, and a hundred free Microsoft points.
And that's...
So you can download some crappy icons, because that's about what a hundred points will buy
you, is crappy icons.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
But that's coming, and it's supposed to retail for about $39.99 for the whole package.
So that's pretty sweet if you don't have access to broadband and live and stuff and other
than that, I don't know.
I could see them doing this later on and stuff with maybe some more games and stuff.
Now you said the information came to you, how did you get this?
Anonymous tip or were you listening in a top secret board meeting?
No.
Because I saw on Joystiq when they ran the article, I saw that there was a little addendum
and they said, thanks for the tip, Loki.
And I'm like, what the hell?
What is Loki doing?
Because it was you.
And I'm like, what the hell?
So where did you get this information from?
This was for my work.
This is straight from Microsoft, by the way.
Wow.
Because they gave us information on a ton of things.
We'll see if they give you any more information, loud mouth.
They gave it to all the retailers.
It's just that you don't have people
that work in the press and retail at the same time.
Except for you.
Except for me.
All right.
Interesting.
I look every day at least like four or five times a day for new
information
I am
That surprises me that the mainstream gaming press doesn't have their nose in
retail somehow
Well they do, they watch their
Best Buy release dates and how awful that crap
Interesting, that's so interesting
Well also Xbox Live, one thing they're definitely looking forward to over on
Xbox Live is Luminous
What's interesting about this though, you know we've talked a little bit about
about luminous now it's supposed to be one of the more expensive Xbox Live
arcade games is gonna go for 1200 Microsoft points or $15 get this
supposedly it's not going to have Xbox Live multiplayer on it by default what's
going on is Tetsuya Mitsugishi who you know created the game he actually
detailed some plans where he's saying that the multiplayer support is going to
be an add-on that's separately viable now they have not finalized the decision
on that but that's basically saying that okay even though you spend $15 on the
game it's not going to be multiplayer unless you spend a little more money by
the way also you're gonna have to do license music backgrounds that's all
gonna be premium downloads as well so interesting comparisons been made where
If you think about it, Luminous, when it first came out on the PSP, was $40.
So this makes this whole Luminous Live thing look like a real deal, but come to think of
it, now you can get Luminous for $19.99 on the PSP, so is this going to end up really
being a deal?
I don't know.
How bad do you want Luminous on your TV?
I think it's just stupid.
I can understand it because I don't know how many people played Luminous multiplayer, and
I don't know if it's really going to add anything to it, but the fact that you're really trying
to charge extra for it, I don't like it just because other companies are going to get the
same idea.
You know, oh we can cripple our games when we send them out and charge you extra to add
the features that you want.
You don't have to have two player, you know, but we're going to make you buy it.
So I don't like that kind of thinking.
The only reason why I'm not super pissed off about this, and I think a lot of people have
and saying, oh, this is an outrage.
This is too much to be charging for an arcade title.
I kind of think, you know, if the creators of this game
wanted to, they could probably get away
with releasing this as an over-the-counter title
in the nice little clamshell and everything for $39.99.
You know, they release these games all the time,
especially early on in a console's life period,
where the game takes up very little space on the disk.
Think about the first PlayStation 2 games.
They were all on CD.
They barely took up any space at all.
So if the creators of this game wanted to,
they didn't have to sell it on arcade.
They probably could have done a in-store release
for 40 bucks and gotten away with it.
I'll bet you anything they do that, too.
Just like, now we're seeing it with, you know,
the thing you were talking about
where they have the arcade titles coming out for retail
for those folks who aren't plugged in.
I'll bet you anything Luminous does come out that way
as well, but, and only kinda when I put it in that light
where it's, well, at least you're not paying 40 bucks
for the clamshell, am I not pissed off about this.
Then you also get the games like Call of Duty 2 that release the game of your edition which
just basically has the game and the downloadable content for it on there.
And then they re-skew it as something new.
So, I don't know.
It's kind of an interesting way of selling things.
Going to our chat room at OrangeLionTrader.com, click on chat.
FunnyDale says, so what are you telling me?
Is that a game that costs 20 bucks on the PSP is going to cost me $200 to play the full
version on Xbox Live, well I don't know about 200, that might be a little extreme, but by
the time all these micropayments and multiplayer and extra skins and stuff add up, yeah, you're
probably looking at about $40, which is what the original game would have cost you on the
PSP.
But again, I kind of go back to that scenario, you know, they could get away with...
If they had never said this was going to be on arcade, if they just said Luminous is coming
out for the Xbox 360. I don't think people would have batted an eye at a $40 price tag
for it, because that's what all the other games cost.
But the thing is, and I would still be kinda pissed off about it, is that they didn't really
do anything with the graphics and stuff. It's not improved in any way. It's just a port.
From what we saw of Luminous 2 at E3, not a damn thing's changed there either. So I
don't know if that was just an early announcement build or something, I hope so, because that
That would be very disappointing.
Luminous is a fantastic game, and I hope they're not going to screw the series by milking it
without giving us something new with it, because that's kind of what happened with Tetris.
That's why Tetris kind of went downhill for a long time.
I mean, granted, it's had a resurgence a couple times, Tetris DS being the latest one, but
there was a while there where we were just all burned out on Tetris, right?
You kind of see Tetris on the shelf, you go, oh goody, another Tetris clone, right?
Yeah, well speaking of live games, the Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged wasn't the only thing
that I heard about that was coming out.
We actually got updates on all of the Xbox 360 accessories that are going to be coming
out including Xbox Live Vision, which we now have a date, which is supposed to be September
20th around there, you know it shouldn't change too much.
I can confirm though it is going to be coming with UNO bundled in there as well as yet again
a one month trial to Xbox Live Gold and a headset is going to be packaged with that
as well.
So you will be getting the nice little camera and all that other fun stuff.
What's also cool is the camera can work with your PC which I think is really neat also.
No price yet on that though.
Also going to be coming out in November on the 15th so far is the 256 megabyte memory
unit. No price on that yet either but of course for the price of it you might as well just
buy a hard drive to be honest. It's probably going to be about 50 bucks I'm thinking. And
then of course also around the same time we have the wireless headset which is also coming
out in November and that should be pretty cool as well. At least hopefully it will sound
better than the current headset that they have for the Xbox 360. And I also know that
the HD DVD player is supposed to be coming out around that same time too. So, good stuff.
Going to our chat room, orangeonshooter.com, click on chat. GK128 says, Bastards already
bought Uno. I'm sure that's the way most of us feel. What do we get if we already have
Are they going to give us some points or is it just screw you?
They should just give us Microsoft points.
I think it's just going to be a sucker.
You got to play for all these months before the game came out on shelves.
I'm surprised they don't sell the live arcade games in stores.
Because all they are, for example when I bought my live, the 12 month kit that came with the headset.
Because I bought a core system and I didn't have a headset.
Which I never really used the headset either.
But it came with Bank Shot Billiards 2
and it was just one of those cards that you pull the tab off and it has a code on it and you
redeem it for a game.
I'm surprised they don't sell those at the store.
My all thought was that the reason why they did it that way is because they're
bypassing retail when they sell it on Xbox Live Arcade and that's how they can
get away with doing it so cheap. I mean five bucks for Geometry Wars.
That's a freaking steal. You know if they had released that game through a
retailer
you would have had so many people to go through that want a bite of the money
coming from the consumer
they would not be able to sell that game for five dollars. It would have been at least
twenty, if not more. So that's kind of why I always felt that
Xbox Live Arcade kind of existed, was for them to sell the games
directly. You know, I'm surprised that they are packaging with Uno, to be honest.
I don't think that's really a game that would benefit from the camera.
I think with cutting out the middleman, like you said,
with Xbox Live downloadable games, I think they're
kind of taking a hint from Valve and the releases
of various games, Half-Life 2,
Sin episodes, Darwinia, things like that. Downloadable content, they can offer it
for cheaper,
and in some cases a lot easier than just
going to the store.
Anyway, also something that could be coming out for the 360, we don't know if this is
going to be for sure yet, however, this is kind of interesting, apparently Peter Moore
recently gave an interview on another podcast, we've talked about these guys before, they're
pretty cool, Gamertag Radio, they snagged Peter Moore, lucky guys, well Peter Moore
was on that station, he was saying that shoulder buttons, triggers, analog sticks, D-pads,
There's a lot going on when you compare it to an Atari 2600 button and stick.
So basically what he's saying is that, you know, he's imagining that he's kind of insinuating
that they're going to be doing a simpler controller, basically with the Xbox Live Arcade downloads
in mind, because if you think about a lot of those Xbox Live Arcade downloads, UNO,
Geometry Wars, you don't really use a lot of the buttons on the Xbox 360 controller.
They could get away with releasing a controller with one or two buttons, and most of the games
would support that there. So, now nothing is being confirmed by Microsoft directly,
but they're basically saying that, yeah, we're going to continue to innovate wherever we
can. But still, it's kind of interesting when Peter Moore says this, you know he's in the
know of what's going on at Microsoft.
That's so stupid.
What do you think? Why?
If you're buying a 360, you obviously know how to use a controller anyways. What the
hell? I mean, all the other games you're playing use the entire controller. I think you should
be familiar enough with it to all of a sudden become retarded when you start playing an
Xbox live arcade game and don't tell me you're just buying the system to play those live arcade games because that's even more retarded
Well, what about the whole trying to make the system accessible like, you know
To people who aren't the hardcore gamers because I know quite a few people probably think the idea of playing Uno
It's kind of cool that aren't the hardcore gamers. Are they going to be buying a 360 to play Uno?
Please don't tell me that they're actually gonna go spend $400 on a system to play Uno
Uno!
Also, if they need something so simple, they can just go to, you know, Wal-Mart and buy
a Uno deck.
And the other thing, too, is they don't have to use the analog, since that's way too complex,
you know, using an analog nub on there.
You know, in most of the games, anyways, there are about one or two buttons.
It's not like they have to remember which button they have to push.
What about in trying to justify it as a family purchase?
You know, the kid, let's say the 17-year-old male who really wants the system for the household
is trying to tell mom and dad, you know, all the good reasons is like, hey, you guys could
even play Uno on it if you wanted to.
Even though, you know, that's not really what the system is going to be mainly for.
It's going to be for the gamer.
It's got that accessibility and again that whole, you know, because what are these next
gen systems trying to be?
They're trying to be the living room centerpiece, right?
That has to be accessible to everybody.
I still think it's unnecessary.
I understand it with the Wii, being the way that the Wii controller is, it doesn't have
that many buttons on it anyways.
It's got like a directional pad and a couple, you know, buttons on it, so you can't really
play any, you know, the games that are on there with that controller.
So you do need something extra to, you know, be able to play those games.
But the live games right now, and especially, what if the live games become more complex
later on, and are gonna need more buttons?
I still think it's ridiculous to expect someone to go out and buy another controller just
do exactly what this normal controller can do it's like wow here i can go spend more money on a
controller that can't do what the normal controller can do and i can tell you this much buying
accessories for a 360 it's expensive as it is each one of those controllers is about 50 bucks
you know what i think you should be fine with just the one controller okay again devil's advocate
what why then do they sell dvd remotes separately for like playstation 2 you don't need it okay
Well the reason why they sell those separately is sometimes those DVD remotes have
features that you can't normally do like angle change and all that stuff.
Normally you can pull it up all that on the PlayStation, you just have to know your way around the menus.
Yes, you can do it through menus but why bother doing it through menus when you have dedicated buttons for that?
That's not to say, you know, the convenience of the consumer.
Yes, it is for the convenience but here's the thing though,
is it's still convenient to use the same buttons on there.
They have triggers and analog sticks. I mean, how hard is it? It's not like I can't
figure out the buttons, it's pretty simplified.
Alright, well we welcome your feedback on this issue.
You can always send us an email. It's mailbag at orangelaunchrater.com
or we'll open up the skype line a little later on in the program.
Well I suppose they can, you know, save some money, you know,
especially since, you know, the 360 is supposedly gonna, well the rumor is going
around that it's supposed to drop
in price around Christmas and I think that's a big
a bunch of crap, if you ask me. Basically, you know, this has been going back and forth,
you know, people saying, oh yeah, it's gonna drop, you know, we heard it from such and such person,
that's gonna drop $100 to make it look, you know, more enticing for the people, you know,
not to buy the Wii and stuff. But then again, at the same time, you know, why do they need to drop
the price when the PS3 is, you know, $600? I don't think it's gonna drop, and if I remember
correctly, I think Peter Moore actually said, no, they're not dropping the price of the system.
them. Who's saying that the price is going to drop? Is it just internet rumor? A source
close to Microsoft. So, Joe Nobody, you know, basically saying that it's going to drop.
A friend of a friend's cousin's, you know, brother's, uncle's. Yeah, who probably works
in the help center and is an expert on everything, you know, and so, I don't think it's going
to drop. I actually see a small price cut reasonable. I don't think like a hundred bucks,
but I could see like maybe they throw in a game like a cheapy game or they
throw in
yeah like a or they cut it by 20, 40 maybe 50 dollars
that seems a lot more possible especially around the holidays. That seems feasible like Forza 2
and the 360 I could see that happening that makes more sense because
you know you spend the money on the game system you want to have something to
play
on Christmas morning there that that makes more sense than dropping the price
of the system a hundred bucks cause I don't think that's gonna happen
Going over to our chat room, jaded2006 says,
I laugh, someone actually named Joe Nobody is listening.
I guess maybe there's somebody he knows who's actually named Joe Nobody.
Good job, Loki.
JeremyTod1 says, if the Wii launches at $250,
then the $360 price will drop to $250 and $350. He seems pretty convinced that
that drop would happen to be competitive with the Wii.
And then, let's see, Hitstun has a question. By the way, how much is an
original Xbox now is it still $1.99 I don't think they aren't they $1.79
they're cheaper than that I think it's like around $1.50 if not I know it's
supposed to drop to $99 I could see them doing that to compete with like the
PlayStation 2 I will research very quickly here while we move on to some
other stories but yeah well there is something you can do with the money that
you're saving on an Xbox 360 if they do drop the price hmm what's that buy porn
well yeah that too but you know you can spend a $25,000 on a Gameboy oh yeah
that's just chump change for me I just have that lying around you know we did
see what the $10,000 sushi that's why when you and I went to sushi today they
had the sushi roll for $10,000 and it had like real gold flakes on it and real
gold flakes on it in a two carat diamond you can't eat it to get the menu I saw
it was in the menu and all kinds of expensive caviar $10,000 sushi roll
Listen to me. They had they had that next to the 99 cent air roll, which was has nothing in it. It was just rice
The sushi place was crazy
$100,000, you know what now I know it's restaurant. I'm gonna knock off if I'm gonna go
Wow, this restaurant carries diamonds. I'm going there. I
Think if you complain if you if you get it for free, all right, so basically you have this equivalent of Game Boys
Yeah, there's a $25,000 Game Boy put out by Swiss Supply Direct
That figures the Swiss would come on something crazy like this. Hey, it's my turn
You know, we might have listeners there you jackass
Anyway, it has a diamond set on the display screen it has
diamond off on buttons it has
has the original cables, extra game cartridges, a blue leather display case. It's made out
of solid 18 karat gold. The question is, does it have a knife and a
corkscrew in it as well? I think so, you know, but it weighs 27 ounces.
It's supposed to be, you know, the price is supposed to be just like right on, you know,
cost of material and sale. But the thing is, is that it's not even like
a cool gameboy it's like an old gameboy it's not even a fucking DS or a GBA or a
micro it's a gameboy it's a game brick yeah they just do like a gameboy micro
they would have spent less money on it and then it sort of trendy it should
have come with a knife and corkscrew for me to stab myself with when I realized
I spent $25,000 on a piece of shit the way that this looks is that I could
easily go to like the craft store and get contact paper and those little
model jewels and bling went up myself if I felt so inclined but personally I
think that blinged up equipment is really retarded looking. Didn't they have
like something like that for like little girls to do the jeans and stuff where you
like glue on like fake plastic gems and sparkles? As I said really retarded. Why
why wouldn't I be surprised to see Paris Hilton toting around something like this
though I mean. Because Paris Hilton has money to spend and no brain to make
decisions with.
Hey guys, you should play my new game Diamond Quest, it's going to be on my $25,000 Swiss
Game Wine.
You saw that they renamed that game to Diamond Quest so that she didn't look like a complete
idiot.
They should rename it to Stupid Spoiled Horror's Game.
Stupid Spoiled Horror the Game.
God I hate her.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Sorry, we do that once in a while, the four years of Orange Lounge Radio, we've actually
slipped into Paris Hilton's chat a couple of times. I don't know why it keeps coming
back to her. Okay, I can't go way off topic here again. I can't help it, but I've actually
caught some of the third season of The Simple Life, Yale to death doing part, and that show
is basically like, if I were the husband in any one of those situations, I would be getting
my ass handed to me because they get them in so much trouble and then their wives basically
just rip into them. It's like basically... Excuse me, I have a question. Is this a video
game? Yes. I'm getting to that. Fine. No, actually I'm not. But, okay, completely off
topic there. They kind of talked about something that we talked about last week. Louisiana
and their game laws. Basically the one where they were going to be, you know, finding the
hell out of retailers for selling indecent stuff. Well, a couple things have happened.
First off, judges actually gotten the law temporarily blocked and basically of course
this is all the ESA is doing as far as being able to turn this over.
The ESA and EMA have filed suit last Friday to overturn the law and according to the court
filings later that day, a federal judge, James J. Brady, granted the trade group's request
for a temporary restraining order preventing the law from being enforced.
And basically the three reasons why they, you know, it's very controversial and goes
against a lot of the First Amendment and I think it goes to the Fourteenth Amendment
of the Constitution, and basically the ESA's comment on this was, not only does the Act
directly restrict the decimation and receipt of considerable amount of fully protected
expression, but because of its numerous vague terms, the Act also creates a chilling effect
on a great deal of speech as video game creators, publishers, manufacturers, distributors and
retailers will respond to the Act's uncertainty by self-censoring, depriving both adults and
children access of undeniably protected expression. Basically what they're saying is, you know,
what exactly is obscene, you know, there's nothing really defining it in this and also,
you know, because of this, you know, game publishers and companies will have to start
self-censoring the games and that's never good. So, on top of that though, they have
Louisiana governor has a second bill that's gone in place, which I actually kind of like
this one, it would basically add games to lists of media that can be harmful to minors
and the ESA is actually for this one and what it's supposed to do is basically just kind
of give actual, you know, guidelines to what is, you know, obscene and, you know, basically
not meant for kids. It's kind of like the same law that the normal other media like
TV and movies go by. So that one's pretty good. And that one actually got signed into
law. So that's always good. And I think they did the same thing in Maryland actually with
that kind of law where basically, you know, falls under the obscenity laws. I don't know.
So is this going off the ESRB or what's going to determine? It's basically they have the
guidelines. What it is is if the material incites or appeals or is designed to incite
or appeal to the, I hate law terminology, it's so stupid. But anyways, it's basically
if it's like obscenely offensive if like the game is you know baby raper 2000 or something
like that you know that's not going to be they'll have the right to you know pull that
off the shelves i i would want to try out baby raper 2000 before i start knocking on
it though it could be interesting just kidding jesus god all right anyway so basically it's
you know if it's harmful to minors and i think that they're gonna go by the esrbs you know
reading system for this. I'm not sure, you know, because to be honest, they can take
laws nowadays and just spin them any way that, you know, benefits them. And of course, Jackie
Poo hasn't really said anything on this yet, because I remember that was his law that actually
got, you know, temporarily restrained. So, it should be interesting.
Well, I guess if the ESA isn't arguing with it, then I guess I can go for that.
Yeah.
Well, you know what I think is also pretty ridiculous though is that actually the parents
television council is actually pretty upset about the ESRB's commitment to parents campaign.
Oh, what was this, the ESRB, that's right, they started this campaign about how they're
committed to, I seem to remember reading some stuff on this.
Working with Penny Arcade and having them do the ads.
So who's got sand in their vagina about it?
Basically Tim Winter who is the executive director basically said in his press release
to quote yet another dodge by the video game industry to avoid accountability for the harm
it inflicts on children.
What they don't seem to understand is that it isn't the industry's job to protect their
children.
It's the parent's job to protect their children by limiting, you know, another facility's
free speech. They're, you know, they're basically passing on the responsibility that they agreed
to as parents to another facility. Now, I do agree that, you know, at a certain age
there are certain things you should not be exposed to. However, when you have a child,
you accept the responsibility of guarding your children from those things
that you don't want them to see and this is just them not wanting to take
responsibility for what they need to be doing they want to put the blame on
somebody else instead of their own failures that's how I see it I would
love to get that guy on this program we should say that I we should send an
email well you know I think we should I'm all for lately why don't you want
you work on?
Why don't you...
I will work on trying to get him on.
Did you like how I passed the buck there?
Like I said, let's interview him.
Jamie, you do it.
I'll table it for future discussion.
Alright, sounds good.
We'll make an action item of it.
Alright, you know this whole topic, these politics and the ignorant people when it comes
to video games and all that stuff.
By the way, for those of you guys listening live tonight, unfortunately it's not gonna
make the podcast because we have to do a little bit of copyrighted material with it, but we
We got a real treat for you in the bonus segment tonight, and this is just going to totally
support this point for those of you guys listening live tonight, and unfortunately I wish I had
something better to say for those of you guys on the podcast, I guess it's just an incentive
to listen live once in a while.
Anyway, this whole topic, I don't know about you guys, but it gets me a little pissed off,
and you know what happens when we get pissed off?
People die, and the FUs of the week are brought upon us.
them must destroy them all.
So, my F.U. of the week goes toward the stupid drunk girl from last night.
I was, I basically, I took my friend Julie to Berkeley yesterday for her
birthday.
You know, because I wasn't going to get to hang out with her tonight for her birthday party.
And we had a good time.
I was really, really worn out and tired, you know, on the way home, so I dropped Julie off
and rested for a little bit at her house so that I'd have enough energy to get home.
And as I was approaching one of the major intersections for anybody who's
in the Sacramento area or who has been here is when you're going
down White Avenue toward the interstate on-ramp right before Marconi.
Basically, this girl, I was in the far left lane, there was a lane between us, and there was a girl in the far right lane, ahead of me.
And she suddenly spins out of control and heard little Mini Cooper, and spun right, and then swerved around left and just went into a full 360 in the middle of the road, and was heading directly for me.
And I threw on my brakes and swerved, and she did the same, and we actually avoided a head-on collision by less than 4 inches.
so uh yeah it was pretty scary so uh
did your whole life flash before your eyes and all that stuff?
I think my brain shut down I was so
I was tired already you know but I I was good to get home
this just had my adrenaline going so bad which actually I'm supposed to avoid
you know by my doctor's orders but anyway I pulled up ahead I watched from my rear view mirror to see
what was going on
she she turned around and started heading up so I just decided just to go
home because I was too
shaken up by it cuz I mean I mean I had headlights flashed in my eyes it was
pretty scary I can't let this comment in chat go by Jamie you got it you got to
hear this one Jeremy Todd one says Jamie you have a lot of close calls and
traffic maybe you're actually the one that's a bad driver no trust me I'm not
the one who drives drunk who spins out in the middle of the road I'm not the
one who bumped into a couple other cars no this I it was actually my good
driving that saved my life only when she's playing Mario Kart is she a bad
driver Mario Kart whatever what did what driving use do you play any driving
games no anyway I got up to one of the lights a few blocks up and a guy in a
Camaro who I knew was a little bit behind me in the other lane pulled up and
said hey what happened what happened and then she pulled up next to him so he
just turned and talked to her like what were you thinking what was going on
What's wrong?
That's by the way exactly what she sounded like I'm not joking and he's like are you drunk and she's
Just you know dark Sakura fire boma and Chad is backing you up saying it's because she lives in California kids
Seriously people here can't drive. They really can't know they can or they can they in a certain parts of Georgia. Isn't that right?
I should have stopped and got her license plate number but honestly I was like I'm getting
away from her and just shot up onto the freeway and went home but that was seriously really
scary it's why you know you've got the oh don't drink and drive like don't do it if
do you are fucking retard if you have it takes for I think a double shot of
liquor depending on your metabolism to you by the way but for a double shot of
liquor it takes about three hours to get it fully out of your system for a beer
it's about the same she her eyes were so dilated it wasn't funny I could see from
from you two lanes over Marin and chat says she plays Derby owners Club that's
kind of like driving right guys guys beating my horse all right and everybody who drives drunk
a big humongous porkin fuck you i hope that you get arrested all right loki um i kind of have
just you know the whole story reminds me of the time that i was driving
don't ask me why to play ddr like midnight over at you know ccl you know country club
lanes the ultra ghetto bowling alley that had the DVR but it's open 24 hours a day anyways
that was a long time ago but there's this guy who was in a van who um swerved across all the traffic
and swerved back over and went on the off-ramp but except for making the turn for the off-ramp
just kind of jumped over the lane and kind of drove off road for a little bit that was funny
because i was like i'm all and that guy's like not really you know paying attention where he's
going i'm like whoa oh he just went over the edge but that's funny but um okay yeah on tephews um
Um, fuck you to stupid 24 hour fitness, because I went and signed up, I mean granted this
is how every single place is, where they have your sign up fee or whatever, and then they
have a processing fee of like $70.
What exactly are they doing for that $70, because I saw her process the account and
basically type it into a computer for about one minute, so that was $77 worth of work
right there? I don't think so. And by the way, for $77 she needs to learn how to type.
My F.U. goes to that great big ball of fire in the sky, the sun. I went to a theme park
in the Bay Area called Great America yesterday to kind of celebrate my birthday with some
friends. And I, believe me, I'm not stupid, I put sunscreen like all over, all over, you
know, just SPF 60 because I wanted to make sure I wasn't going to get burned up. However,
It didn't really occur to me that, oh Rob, you have spiky hair now?
You should probably put some sunblock on your scalp, because basically what I ended up with
is a sunburned scalp, and you can see a little bit of the redness there here in studio, where
basically the top of my head got sunburned.
So F you to the sun for burning people, that's not a nice thing to do to the creatures of
the earth.
Uh, Magus, we'll give you one quick F you if you got one.
Alright and this is not normally something I F you, but this is the first time I'm going
to hear this.
F you to Blizzard in the 1.11 patch that just came out on Tuesday.
They added new content, next ramus, that kind of stuff, revamped a lot of things, mage and
shaman talent reviews, but they made one crucial error, they made the looking for group channel
global across the entire population of the server uh while players if you know goldshire if you know
baron's chat it's now across the entire server don't even try to use the lfg channel to lfg
see they had failed to take into account how utterly stupid 95% of their player base is
I
Wondered why that channel was
Frickin off the charts in chat. I'm like there cannot be this many people looking for like, you know
Rage fire chasm and dead mines in silver pine forest. I'm like what the hell is wrong. Okay, that makes sense
Wow, that was stupid of blizzard
Good job guys
All right. Wow, that was like our longest fu segment ever. I'm sorry you guys
all right, I
I wanted to say real quick before we get back into the news, to follow up to the chat question
earlier, how much does an original Xbox cost?
Here's the weird thing, I've gone to like five different sites, I'm not able to find
a new Xbox, did they stop making them and I just forgot they did?
I guess then here's the deal, you can get them on gamestop.com and I imagine EB as well,
a refurb system is $99 for most of the used ones, you can get a factory refurb for $120
$99.99, but it looks like if you want a new one from Microsoft themselves, Tough Poop.
Tough Poopy. Oh man. Anyways, so yeah, that kind of sucks that you can't get those. I
know that they stopped making them for a little bit, but one of the games that you will be
able to play on the Xbox as well as the Xbox 360, or at least I think it's going to be
on the Xbox, maybe not. Need for Speed Carbon, which should be just called Need for Speed
Carbon Copy because it looks very similar to Most Wanted, although they're saying that
it's going to be more like Underground 2. Whatever the case, one of the things that
they did post on Game Informer's website was a sneak peek at the trailer for it, which
basically shows canyon runs that are being done in the middle of the night. And apparently
this is going to be part of the game where you can basically race on these really narrow
circuits alongside deadly pitfalls and if you drift too far you will fly over the edge
and die. But anyways, so they're trying to make it seems like more like maybe Initial
D-ish if you know if racing along twisting highways and stuff. But I did see some other
screenshots which looks like it's going to be also more city racing. Expect this to be
be like any other Need for Speed game out there.
I just have a real quick thing to interject before we move on. Why is it that Wang Gan
has not come out for a console anywhere? Midnight Maximum Tune, you know the whole spiel there.
Like, top ten soundtracks of all time, for me, honestly. I love the soundtrack to that game.
And you know what I do, is I actually load it on, or I have some of the tracks loaded,
I want to get the whole soundtrack loaded on my computer to use when I play Burnout.
You know, screw EA tracks. I want my, you know, Yuzo Koshiro tracks playing when I play Burnout. It's awesome.
I don't know why I decided to interject that there, but why won't that stinking game come out on console?
I'm sick of all these other series. I want that game.
They have Tokyo Extreme Racers supposed to be coming out.
That's probably as close as you're gonna get it. I don't know why.
It would make sense.
Weird.
Especially with all that drift culture stuff nowadays.
I know with the Fast and the Furious Tokyo drifting or whatever that thing is.
I love how the commercials for that totally spoiled the like after-credits ending thing I
Didn't even bother I could care less Loki. I could care less by the movie. All right. Anyway, sorry
Well to cleanse the palette of drifting. We actually have some confirmation by
Uchiyama Daisuke who is
Namco Bandai's chief producer
stating that there will be both Tekken and Soul Calibur games being worked on
on the... well they're not saying specifically what system it's going to be on, but we are
going to get a new Soul Calibur, a new Tekken, and the guess is that it will be PS3.
Especially since there was already some sort of tech demo for Tekken on PS3 already.
That's right, I seem to remember something at Sony's press conference too about that whole
And Soul Calibur 3 was a Playstation 2 exclusive, so that would seem to indicate maybe it will
continue.
I don't know, I like what they did with Soul Calibur 2, with the different special
characters on different systems, because we actually own all of them.
Pantsless Pope?
That was pretty awesome, the Pope character that had no pants that I made.
Here's the thing though, I think Soul Calibur 2 is more of a memorable game.
When we look back on gaming history now, I think I will think of Soul Calibur 2 before
I think of Soul Calibur 3.
Don't get me wrong, Soul Calibur 3 is a solid game, but I think just because of all those
mixed releases they did, the arcade release, Soul Calibur 2 is just much more of a big
release than Soul Calibur 3.
And I'm hoping that Soul Calibur IV can maybe, you know, live up to that bar that Soul Calibur
II set.
You know, it's hard to say that Soul Calibur III didn't live up to the bar, but in some
ways it didn't.
Even though it was like a great game, it wasn't a, when I look back in 15 years I'm gonna
remember this next to Soul Calibur II type game.
I don't know.
Maybe you guys feel differently.
Do you, Chatroom?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think Soul Calibur, I don't know, I think Soul Calibur III didn't do as well as II.
Especially the fact when you release something on one system as opposed to three, you're
obviously going to get less sales.
And now of course we have the chat room is lighting up with some feedback there, which
is what I was hoping here.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, Link on Soul Calibur 2 rocked my socks.
That's one reason many people are going to remember Soul Calibur 2 was the addition of
Link, which seemed so random at the time, but just was awesome for the GameCube owners.
Bandit says, you know what, Tekken is so much better than Soul Calibur, so he's more excited
about the Tekken game that's coming out on PS3.
And Dark Knight says, hey, what about the original, Soul Edge?
You know, honestly, when you look at this, it's kind of like when you look at any series.
Like for me anyway, like I remember, you know, Zelda on the Super Nintendo almost more than
I do the original.
Well, that's not true.
I do have a lot of love for the original, so I'm trying to think of a series that's
kind of like where one of the sequels stands out more than maybe the original does.
How about Castlevania, okay?
Like you think about, you know, when I look at the series, Symphony of the Night was like
the game that will just, I don't think any other Castlevania game they ever released
will come close to the greatness of Symphony of the Night, even more so than the original
for me.
So, I don't know, that's kind of how I feel about Soul Calibur, but I'm sure you guys
feel differently, but we've all got opinions.
Anyway, another game that had tons and tons and tons of sequels was King's Quest.
Remember this whole game, King's Quest?
on the PC years ago Roberta Williams King Quest and they had you know five
and six for some of the first games on CD-ROM well they went back Sierra and
they remade one and two a while ago and they gave them fancy VGA graphics but
one game they never really went back and upgraded that much was King's Quest 3 so
what's happened is that the fans and I you remember a while back when we had we
even had some of the King's Quest fan community on here and they were they
were making like the the fan game in the series all that I mean King's Quest fans
are passionate about these games and this just goes to prove it King's Quest 3 to
air as human has been remade and this has been remade by Infamous Adventures
and this remake features all new VGA backgrounds, enhanced close-up cutscenes,
dialogue portraits for all the characters, original music by a
professional composer, a full speech pack, and a new point-and-click interface.
Basically, Infamous Adventures believes this game is still relevant, and no profit is being
made off the game.
You can download it free of charge, 43.2 megabytes is how big the game is.
It's at Infamous-Adventures.com.
And honestly guys, if you don't have GameTap, because GameTap has a lot of the King's Quest
games in there, I would highly recommend you guys check this out.
I'm just going to assume it's like the original.
I haven't had a chance to check it out myself yet, I want to.
I would highly recommend you download it as quick as possible because it'll probably be
pulled off
by some copyright. Well now that one person's downloaded it, it'll forever be floating in the
internet somewhere
So, you know, check this out. King's Quest was a great series of games.
King's Quest was pretty cool. I just, you know,
I couldn't get into it too much, but I think I want to play Peasant's Quest.
Peasant's Quest? What?
On the Homestar Runner site. Oh, you know, actually I would...
I'm you, Trogdor!
I think the easiest one to get into out of the series, and I don't know, King's Quest
Hardcore fans may disagree with me, but I think King's Quest IV, the one with the...
I actually tried to start with King's Quest V and I couldn't get into it.
Really?
And Magus, you're saying V, why?
I'm saying V because I got started on the series on NES and it was the first King's
Quest release that I got to play.
Unfortunately I didn't really get into it past V, but I did get to go into the previous
games a little bit, so I got to start on 5, so I think it was the easiest for me.
Alright, going to the chat room for some quick feedback before we move on here.
VidPowah says, I'd like to point out that while Sierra did remake KQ1, it was a total
market failure.
AGD took over the reins of remaking it, and for free.
I guess that's kind of an interesting point there.
I think Sierra had a couple of their old games remade back in the day.
And then, let's see, some folks, Sexy Stalker is commenting, shameless game tap plug.
They don't pay us, you know, we just think they do have a pretty interesting service,
but it's really up to you guys if you want it or not.
And then, Gamerman55 in chat says, Sky, we want some real news, not old games.
You know what, though?
Even though, yes, this is an old game, I think this speaks more volumes about what fan communities
in the gaming world are capable of doing.
I mean, it is not an easy task to remake a game with graphics.
I know I sure as hell couldn't program it, so I think it is kind of noteworthy when these
gaming fan communities go, you know, over and above the Call of Fandom.
Speaking of which, there has been another remake that's kind of been a little off the
radar.
A lot of FPS fans know that when Valve released Half-Life 2, they redid Half-Life 1 for the
source engine, and it had quite a few problems with the new source physics engine. There's
actually a fan group, I can't remember the site right now, but there's a fan group dedicated
to completely redoing, remaking the original Half-Life in the source engine, and they're
calling Black Mesa Source. I believe they're still in the planning stages, but they're
working on getting all the voice actors, the texture maps, completely redoing the maps
making it uh... a better experience
so uh... if you have the time you might want to check that out as well
I'd like to see remade in the source engine
Duke Nukem 3D
you know there's loving a game and then there's
looooooving a game I mean these guys love their game
anyway
I have release dates
alright so speaking of games
some non-fan games and some of these are
Well, these games may have fans very soon.
Actually, one of the titles surprises me because I thought you couldn't use Ninja in a title
in the UK, but I guess you can.
It's coming out on the 30th, a whole crap load of games.
We have Shinobi Doule of the Ninja.
We have Over-G Fighters on Xbox 360, New Super Mario Bros., Micro Machines, Flatout 2, Devil
May Cry 3 Special Edition, Def Jam Fight for New York, Brick Em All, we've also got Super
Monkey Ball Adventure, Swords of Destiny, Siphon Filter, Dark Mirror, Titan Quest, Untold
Legends, The Warrior Code, and also before that on the 29th is Panzer Command Operation
Winter Storm on PC.
Excellent.
How about in the U.S.?
U.S., not a whole lot, but if you're a Pirates of the Caribbean fan and you happen to have
a portable console, then you'll be happy to know that Pirates of the Caribbean Dead Man's
Chest has arrived. Um, actually I played a little bit of it at E3. It is pretty good.
I don't know, it's your typical, you know, action game. Anyways, um, Micro Machines though
is coming out on PlayStation 2, Micro Machines Volume 4, as well as the PSP. Are Micro Machines
still around? I don't know. What the hell? Magus is shaking his head no. But the game
looks fun I don't know okay yeah it's fun who cares well no we're to ultimate
ninja for the you enemy fighting fans also let's see here rough trigger the
Vanna core conspiracy which is some weird budget game where you play a
werewolf um you know what I believe there is one 360 game which was over G
fighters is coming out this week which is supposed to be kind of like ace
combat, but I don't know, not a whole lot. Not a whole lot at all. It's a slow period
for games though. Sudoku Gridmaster, that was the other one. Whoopee! But it's by Nintendo.
I'm... I don't know. I'm burned out on Sudoku. If you own a GameCube though, nada anything
for you. You suck. That's what your retails says. But anyways, you know, we can't be all
I still gotta buy my copy of Crusty Demons so I can come over and play it.
But one of the games I will not be buying is the 10th anniversary edition of Tomb Raider
because I honestly hate Tomb Raider.
But you know what?
It is confirmed though, Eidos has come out and said they are remaking the very first
Tomb Raider.
It's supposed to be arriving on the Playstation 2, PSP, and PC.
No word yet when, but it's coming soon.
So for all you fans of Tomb Raider out there, and I don't know why, but it's coming out
soon.
Well you know, one way that Tomb Raider became ultra-famous was because it had a movie made
out of it, and usually movies are made out of famous games, but this game was a little
more B-list or C-list even, it was more of a cult game, Clock Tower, remember Clock Tower?
Now Clock Tower is kind of cool because, you know, gory, gory murder and the scissors and
all that scary stuff.
However what's interesting about it is that it is being made into a movie.
Jorge Olguin is heading up the Clock Tower movie project.
Basically what's happening is that the person who wrote When a Stranger Calls is writing
a script for this movie.
It's I believe Jason Wade Wall is the name of this guy and production is going to start
on the Clock Tower movie this fall.
Hopefully the movie will be better than when a stranger calls.
Why do people have to pick all this really non-mainstream stuff to make movies out of?
You know what though? I think it's about the source material for some people, you know?
If a good movie can be made out of this, and I think it can,
I think a real scary movie could be made from this pre-
I mean, it's a pretty scary game. I've only played a little, little bit of Clock Tower.
I had a bunch of sequels. Like, wasn't there at least a Clock Tower 3?
You were playing Clock Tower 3, weren't you?
else that I knew, but I've seen the whole first part of Clock Tower 3. No, last time
I touched Clock Tower was before we were even doing the show, probably. I want a Contra
movie. I want, I want, Gimme Gimme Gimme. I want a Silent Hill sequel. Well, you may
get it. I think they broke box office, I don't know, who knows. Who knows, but at the very
least though, for the July 8th opening in Japan, they actually have a Silent Hill haunted
house called Shocking House that's up from July 2nd with hours 11am to 6pm for our listeners
in Japan.
And the movie, like I said, opens on July 8th.
There was actually a big press conference out where they had someone dressed up as a
red pyramid and a bunch of, you know, nurses sort of slumped over.
And there's also a nice quote from Akira Yamaoka saying that the aim was to make something
enjoyable even if the viewer wasn't familiar with the game, which actually I think did
a pretty admirable job.
I'm hoping that the movie does pretty well in Japan, too.
I didn't realize that the movie hadn't come out in Japan yet.
That was kind of the most surprising thing to me.
I thought they got it the same time we did, so I was kind of surprised they still hadn't
seen it.
Usually, I think that it's a difference of, I want to say, one to three months, I think,
for a movie that's released in the U.S. to go through, not just translation, localization,
but also for the recording of their dub script.
Oh, I would have thought they would have taken care of all that in advance, but I guess that
kind of surprised me.
You know what's interesting though, before we change topics, I thought it was interesting
because I've been kind of I was reading about this on some various gaming blogs
and I noticed the Silent Hill movie was getting a lot of crap like that it
wasn't a great movie and I understand where people didn't like it maybe the
ones who hadn't played the games but I actually thought as far as video game
movies go Silent Hill was actually probably one of the best if not the best
video game movie we've had so far so I don't know why there's this sudden
backlash because it seems like when the movie first came out these same sites
We're like pyramid head is awesome. You know, I I was a little surprised by the sudden backlash where it's cool to hate on Silent Hill
I think it's just I don't understand what the whole trend is with these
Movie viewers who are looking for like a Oscar
Quality acting in these movies. I mean first off where are you the judge?
you know, what is Oscar quality acting in the first place and
To why the hell would you go to a movie like that anyways expecting that you know
it's not going to be there you go there because you want to see pyramid head slice people in half
that's that's basically why you would go that didn't quite happen but you know you still got
cool pyramid head yeah you got you know it's a horror movie horror movies are supposed to be
campy and bloody that's what they are i mean they're not like i don't know it's not casablanca
with blood i mean it's just a movie uh lots of feedback in our chat room and then we'll get
Actually, Magus, do you want to comment first?
People who expect a lot out of video game movies, just be grateful that it's not like
Wing Commander.
VXJ6V says, Silent Hill was an awesome movie.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, you know, it's because of the hype of the movie.
When they just got back from seeing it, they were all like, OMG, that was so awesome.
Then a month or two later, yeah, that movie sucked.
SSJ100Matt says, who are you to judge?
It's not Oscar quality.
It's not what typically gets nominated for an Oscar. You don't really see horror movies up there too often.
I think that it was really good. I think that the acting in it was pretty darn good, especially since they had the Borg Queen.
Oh, she was so cool.
I think some people are kind of pissed off by the second half of the movie, which involved the Borg Queen character,
but at the same time, you know, a movie is very hard to do with, you know, one person.
I don't know if the only movie I can think of that's really pulled it off is like some
of the Alien movies, but I don't know.
I wasn't mad by the movie.
I thought it was great.
Anyway.
I don't know.
Could have been worse.
Exactly.
You know, all these people being critical on stuff.
One person though that was critical on things would be, or I should say one site, somethingawful.com.
They are always ripping apart bad movies, which I might add, all those bad movies I
tend to buy because they read them bad.
So you kind of go to something awful dot com and use that as your checklist of what to
buy?
Exactly.
Because I have a My Bad Movie collection.
That's interesting.
That's interesting.
But one person though, it goes back to last week, you know the whole Ooey Bowl challenging
critics of his movies.
Well it was interesting to note, Rich Kianka of something awful dot com who goes by Lotax,
he actually wrote Ooey Bowl to see if he could be able to fight him.
Now interesting note, he has not, as of writing that letter, he had not written anything bad
about, you know, Weeble's movies, but Weeble said, yeah, sure, go ahead.
So he decided to go ahead and officially write a review for House of the Dead which, or Alone
in the Dark I should say.
House of the Dead one's coming later and yeah, it's just basically a really bad movie.
But um, it's interesting to see though that he kind of bent the rules to be able to fight
this guy.
So that is one person that he will be fighting.
So maybe I can do it.
More people probably read somethingawful.com than actually went and saw Blood Rain.
So you know, Uwe Boll probably has something to win from this.
You know, it's so interesting because I don't like Uwe Boll's movies.
I mean I understand how bad they are and how they might be funny to watch just you know
pointing out all the flaws in them.
I kind of want to see Postal now.
I kind of want to see it just because you can't really mess up Postal.
There's no plot to it.
It's just basically violence.
It's got Gary Coleman in it which that's awesome right there and it's going to have a boxing
match with Uwe Boll and a bunch of movie critics at the end.
I mean that sounds cool.
I think it could work.
You know, more people are probably interested in seeing Lotex get his ass beat, and before
I say that, I'm not slamming something awful, I'm not a goon yet, but there are people out
on the internet that would love to see Lotex get his ass beat, especially by Uwe Boll.
See I think this is what Uwe Boll needs to do.
He needs to get out of the video game movie thing and just start making mindlessly violent
or cheesy campy movies.
Because he's got the kind of thing down with, you know, Alone in the Dark and stuff.
Just make your own source material, that way people can't say, oh, it's not even near the
game or something like that.
That's what he needs to do, because he doesn't understand how to make good movies, so make
campy, crappy movies that have a lot of B actors in it, and just go crazy with that.
Snakes on a Plane is a perfect example of something you can do to that effect, but just
go crazy with it.
That's where some of the best movies out there are movies that don't make sense, like giant
crickets attacking the earth, that doesn't make any sense.
they're they're good to watch
uh... g k one twenty eight seems to back up what you're saying loki says uh...
postal will be awful but at least we'll expect it
exactly if it's if there's
guy gets angry goes kill things i mean
pretty simple to me i don't know
i don't know it worked for what was that uh... movie
shoot now i can remember falling down falling down
I like that falling down was a good movie
If he makes it like falling down then I'll go see it. Honestly, though if we bowl if we bowls
Postal was playing next door to another fucking Keanu Reeves Sandra Bullock movie
I would rather if forced to gunpoint go see the Keanu Reeves Sandra Bullock movie than that
So I mean so how fast I don't want in other words
I really just don't want to see postal how fast does the lake house have to be traveling before it?
so doesn't explode I
I think we need a break now.
Yes, please.
Speed 4.
Let's cleanse the palate.
So, we'll be back very shortly with more of episode 188 of Orange Lounge Radio.
Our fourth birthday.
We have to go cut the cake.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
