Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Anyway, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 188 for this June the 25th of 2006.
We're here, we're going to get back into the news very shortly here, however, I wanted
to grill our special guest in studio, 23rd Magus, here for just a minute here about something
he had told me about on break.
You were talking about World of Warcraft, right?
Yes.
And you were talking about the add-ons for World of Warcraft.
Yes.
Now, there was one that I thought was very interesting that you said you had installed
that messes with the chat somehow?
I've never heard of this, this sounds great.
Yes, it's an add-on called Eloquence.
It's a chat filter, I refer to it as a sanity filter, for the grammar freaks out there who
are tired of the noob speak, the dude speak, the lead speak, or just plain dumb speak.
Basically it filters through whatever comes through your chat and parses it so it's all
capitalized and punctuated and it translates the abbreviations for you. For the roleplay
it'll even apply basic roleplay things to it, or even apply a dialect, and there's similar
chat add-ons out there, I mentioned my FUs about the LFG channel, there's a filter out
there that will filter out anything that's not related to looking for group comments.
And most of the add-ons for the WoW players you can go to ui.worldofwar.net or curse-gaming.com
and pick up some add-ons to kind of enhance your play experience.
So this filter basically forces noobs, in other words by the time it reaches your computer
screen, to be using correct spelling and punctuation.
Yes, it makes people sound smarter than they are.
Whoever wrote this should win a humanitarian award, seriously.
I should nominate him for one.
I think we should nominate this person for a Nobel Peace Prize.
Don't you think we ought to install something like this, DarkSakura?
God.
That's great.
Except for the times where you do it as a joke when it's funny.
Still, I love good grammar, and I like to see good grammar when I'm about in my MMOs.
Maybe something like that for Ragnarok.
Beautiful thought.
Eel, please.
I just wanted you to be able to share that with our listeners because I bet I didn't know about that
But I'm only a casual World of Warcraft player. I'm not you know hardcore casuals casual Rob
Yeah, yeah, or what are you trying to say? I'm just in other words. I casual casual who has never even hit 60
No, I haven't, but that's you know. I don't I don't play to hit 60. I play for fun
I had 60 someday, but you'll have more. I don't profess to be some World of Warcraft expert. Okay. I've got zillions of other games
I'm trying to play too all right anyway moving on
Some news out of Nintendo this week some power players over at Nintendo namely Iwata and Miyamoto have been discussing the Wii the
Nintendo DS and more and there's a full in-depth article over on gamasutra.com
I thought maybe I'd pull some choice quotes out of here
Iwata talked about the GameCube launch when we launched GameCube the initial sales were good and all the hardware was
manufactured at the time we were sold through.
However, at this period, we could not provide the market with strong software titles in
a timely fashion.
As a result, we could not leverage the initial launch time momentum, and sales of GameCube
slowed down.
To avoid repeating this with Wii, we have been intensifying the software development,
both internally at Nintendo and at developers outside the company, in order to prepare aggressive
software lineup for Wii and after the launch.
So it kind of sounds like they're learning from some of the mistakes they made with the
GameCube, which was namely kind of a dead period, which kind of happened with the DS
too, didn't it?
But I remember for a couple months after the DS came out, even on this show, because we
were up and running by the time the DS was out, and I remember earlier episodes of this
program during that lull, we were kind of like, come on Nintendo, where's our games?
Ping Pals ain't gonna cut it, come on!
And suddenly, boom!
Hit games.
like just one hit game after another.
Miyamoto, I'm sure you guys want to know what he said.
Here's a quote from Miyamoto.
While I feel that we need more internal software development resources at Nintendo, we have
not increased the number greatly.
When we combine the total number of people working for Nintendo's first party and second
party titles, however, there are far more than 1,500 people working on the titles today.
Very interesting, some quotes there from the main men themselves that they're trying to
learn from their mistakes with the GameCube and go forth with that so
I applaud folks that can look at that in perspective and say okay what can we do
better next time
definitely and in fact things that
you know you can do better next time or actually
Jamie you had something? I was just saying it's good business sense. That's what any business
needs to
to progress is learn from their mistakes. Yeah and you can't just assume that the
business is going to be there no matter what and I will
I will not name any companies here who seem to be guilty of making that mistake recently,
but it's four letters, starts with an S, ends with Oni.
Speaking of progressive thinking, the brand new Macbook, basically running off of some
really crappy integrated graphics chip that is unable to run most games, well, fear not,
at least you can use it sort of like the Wii.
the accelerometer that's built into it that's basically designed to detect that the computer's
falling and stop the hard drive so that it doesn't ruin any of your data. Well, a clever
gamer has actually used this program called the AMS2HID, which is used with this program
a Neverball, to basically make the modern day equivalent of a wooden labyrinth. So,
by tilting your computer you can use it to control games. Crappy games, yes, but you
can control games. I knew you would not be able to get through that story without taking
a swing. I'm sorry, it can't run anything! It says right in the article here, it's using
this basically this integrated you know graphics chip that's designed by Apple
and it doesn't run anything because it's not you know ATI or Nvidia compliance so
I'm sorry it's the way it is so you don't buy it for games big deal but if
you do you know you can play at least this game by tilting the computer which
I'm sure is gonna be oh so comfortable they are really light yeah at least it's
It's an Apple, those are light computers compared to some of these monsters, other ones I've
used.
ATI chip in this one.
Yeah, look, I do think it's a silly idea, but you know, whatever, some guy's bored and
wants to do Labyrinth, whatever, but I don't really see it being the next trend in gaming.
This is more one of those, you know, isn't that funny stories to me.
I don't know, I mean if you, it's just like was it like that stupid game that they had
with Windows 98, that like bumper car game thing that came with, yeah that sucked too.
None of the games made by like Microsoft or Apple that come with their systems, granted
they're not supposed to be that great, just they all suck.
I mean, you can't really innovate on solitaire.
I don't know.
Kiss my ass, Chip's challenged with the shit.
Didn't come with it, you had to buy it separately.
Alright, anyway.
We were talking about Wii-type technology there a little bit.
But what is really coming to the Wii? Perhaps some new trademarks registered
by Nintendo of Japan give some hints.
Wii Culture was something that was recently trademarked by them.
Wii pointer which kinda sounds like it might be the name of the
what we've been calling the Wii mode or the rev mode or was that what you were calling it?
What were you calling it DarkSocker? I've always been calling it the Wii Mote.
The Wii Con. You were calling it the Wii Con.
Well it sounds like the official name is probably going to be the Wii Pointer because I don't know what else
that could be. Also they've registered
exclamation point exclamation point M
and you can actually look that up online if you want to see that trademark for
yourself it seems like exclamation exclamation M could be some type of
instant messaging because that kind of looks like I am when you look at it
however we don't know you know anything 100% for sure until the system actually
comes out so we shall see but we like to speculate based on what's going on
behind the instant messenger do you know is it was that announced for sure oh I'm
making that up. Nintendo Media 64 is pointing out that it's Wii upside down. Yeah, we figured
that one out. Yeah, and that's a cutesy thing to do, which would make sense for Nintendo,
but we'll find out. Yeah. Well, I don't know, it could be instant messaging, but who knows.
instant messaging, but who knows. One thing though that Nintendo does have in store at
least is the fact that their controller actually vibrates and it is wireless so that's one
step ahead of Sony, but of course immersion says that they're wondering now if Nintendo
copied them and that there could possibly be a lawsuit against Nintendo. We know for
For a fact, you know, of course Microsoft actually licenses the immersion technology
or whatever. I don't know, I can't believe that they're the first company to think of
rumbling controllers. But, I don't know, they're basically going to keep a close eye on the
Wii to see if the technology is the same and if they can make some money off of it.
So what is it? We've got our eye on you. We've got our eye on you! We're the only one that
could get to work so obviously you copied us I mean that's basically what
it's you know backwards thinking I'm starting to wonder about these guys it's
kind of interesting I don't like I don't like them and what was they have why
just because of this I just don't like immersion I don't know why you know you
got to tell me why why don't I like them because they're basically trying to
profit off of all this stuff granted you know they're trying to you know sue for
why didn't they sue them back in the day when they have the rumble pack or
or something like that. Why didn't they sue back when, you know, the original PlayStation
came out originally? Why sue now is my question.
Well, I don't know. It just seems kind of funny because it seems like when we talked
about this with Sony, it was funny. But now that's going on with Nintendo, it's like,
oh no, you didn't.
No, it's still funny. And I still think it's funny, you know, because, you know, I'm sure
that they're going to try to do a lawsuit for it. But here's my thing. It would be like
If I came up with the technology for LCD screens and now I go back and say, I'm gonna sue all
you people!
I mean that's basically what it is, isn't it a little late to be doing that?
I don't know, that's what it seems like to me.
It's like, well if you're so concerned about your technology and your patents, why weren't
you trying to protect them for the last few years?
What's wrong with that?
Don't tell me you didn't realize that Sony had controllers that rumbled because that's
ridiculous.
Holy Mania has an interesting perspective on this in our chat room.
When capitalism no longer works, you sue.
Interesting perspective.
Yeah.
Excuse me, I had a something caught in my throat.
Hairball?
Yeah, hairball.
You know, with as much hair as I managed to brush off the cat last night, I wouldn't be surprised.
Anyway, um, well, you know how Sony was saying, you know, the, uh, PS3 is a computer, the PS3 is a computer, blah blah blah, they were saying about the PS2?
Yeah, you brought this up a couple weeks ago, yeah, about the computer thing with the PS3.
Well, basically, the UK Court of Appeals has said that the PlayStation 2 is not a computer.
They basically pretty much laughed at Sony.
Lord Justice C. Chadwick said that Sony's skeleton argument was, to quote,
to quote beyond what can be regarded as acceptable written advocacy so Sony got
uh got pwned they got served interesting so what does this mean those tax breaks
that we're looking forward to may not happen yep pretty much the UK Court of
Appeals also denied Sony any right to bring the case to the European Court of
Justice the other thing that should note is it doesn't matter anyways if the ps3
3 is considered a computer and not because those taxes on electronics are gone now. So,
it wouldn't matter if it's, you know, categorized as a game console, as a PC, as a vibrator,
it doesn't matter. It's still going to be tax free. So, I don't know. I think any way
to make more money it seems like nowadays it's just I don't know very desperate very
crazy crazy like Kojima and his comparisons to steak yes what may I be talking about well
actually Kojima was comparing the consoles to a steak dinner and like DVDs so I don't
know that's kind of a strange comparison when you think about it but I thought it was funny
So I'm going to read them for you.
So for example, PlayStation 3.
If the game creators and users want to have a great steak for their anniversary,
they maybe go to the PS3.
And then of course for the 360, if they want a great steak dinner,
a great steak with their family, a little bit more casual during the weekends,
they might select the 360.
I don't understand how these comparisons of steak work, but whatever.
whatever and then of course then to the we why not have a great stake at your
house every day and then
might shoes the we does that make any sense to you
because it is making sense to me I you know usually see a centric people that
are making these comparisons to a
the food and other things that I don't know it's a very strange to pay me make
yes when he was talking about movies
PlayStation 3 is like a movie theater for people who want to see this movie
on a big screen with THX and 5.1 audio
even if they have to pay a high price. Whereas the 360
the 360 is like a DVD. Basically you don't know
what movie you want to see so you go to the store and see if you can pick up a
good one.
Which I don't understand. And then the Wii
is like a TV for when you're home. You don't know
what you want to watch but you want to have that variety.
Well, one of the best people I got to meet at E3, Igarashi Koji, has actually made some
comments about the PlayStation 3 at E3, and he's quoted as saying, maybe it's too expensive.
But he did actually have an interview with Game Informer talking about Microsoft and
said he wasn't really negative about Microsoft, but to quote, for some reason they tend to
back off a little when it comes to something really foreign, but if Japanese developers
would say they're working on Final Fantasy or Dragon Quest or Metal Gear maybe, then
I guess Japanese consumers would take it seriously and consider purchasing it.
He's also stated that as far as the new Castlevania games going for Portrait of Ruin, the next
installment after Dawn of Sorrow would it might feature unlockable co-op
missions to be played over Wi-Fi but that's not confirmed actually he's
quoted as saying it's not confirmed because he hasn't started working on it
so he's thinking that it would be something unlockable it was also
mentioned that that basically there's going to be the two screen display for
portrait of ruin again for the for the DS different closeable items in there
but it's not stated whether or not it's going to be skills and items rather than
souls so sad to say but there was the potential about possibly working on the
PlayStation 3 in the Xbox 360 also come up in that interview I'm sure many
folks would be very much looking forward to a Castlevania on the PlayStation 3
I just love his reaction.
Yeah.
Perhaps it's a bit too expensive.
Anyway, another game that people are really looking forward to
is Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
And there's a new rumor floating around.
It started at gonintendo.com that Ubisoft
is going to be getting into the game there
with some of their characters.
And if you think about what that would bring to the table,
that could be Jade from Beyond Good and Evil, Rayman,
Sam Fisher, which would be an interesting counterpart
to Solid Snake if you think about it,
And the Prince, from Prince of Persia, which I think, probably from that list, Rayman and the Prince would seem most likely, especially Rayman, that would be an interesting addition, yeah, I could see that.
So that was developer Mashihiro Sakurai saying that other third-party characters would be a definite possibility, and GoNintendo.com, I suppose, is speculating that Ubisoft is possibly the other third-party being involved there.
You know what would be cool though if they did it, since they're releasing Rave Man's
Raving Rabbits, have the rabbits as one of the characters.
You just want to kill bunnies.
I just, I think they're funny.
That's what it is.
You just want to murder bunnies.
I know how you are.
Cute animals need to die.
Alright.
And of course, you know, every time we bring up Super Smash Bros. Brawl, folks in the chat
room start talking about what characters they want to see in it.
Yuri Lever talking about Katamari.
That would be an interesting third party thing.
Well, the only thing about that is they've said they haven't been on the system already,
so probably not.
Poo Eater says the Jet Set guy he could spray your face, but again, also not on any Nintendo
system.
I still say Sonic.
I think Sonic and Bonk are actually the ones I'm thinking.
Oh, that's a good point, especially with the recent Genesis and TurboGrafx love, thanks
to the Virtual Console.
That's a brilliant idea.
I hope it happens.
Anyway, DarkSakura.
We get letters once in a while, right?
Oh, really?
Yes, they send them to mailbag at orangelandradio.com.
Real quick last thought, sorry.
Nestor and Howard.
Stop it.
That's a little too old school for most people, I think.
All right, anyway.
Dude, I remember Nestor and Howard.
I do too.
Especially the Mega Man one that went on for like three issues.
That one was great.
Do we ever get emails about Nestor and Howard?
No.
We should.
us their favorite memories well dark soccer tell us about what they're
emailing us about at mailbag at orange launcher calm this week our listeners
are very emo okay I'm gonna start from the beginning I got one from DJ ratchet
who's been on our boards for quite a while just to go ahead and read this I've
been behind on your podcast I've been listening to a few of the slightly older
I have a few responses to some of the things said.
Number one, congrats on Loki for getting married even though everyone said it a hundred times.
It's not just OLR with the Sony hate, pretty much every other podcast I've listened to has nothing but bad things to say about Sony.
At least you guys are trying to be fair, others are being real fanboyish about the whole thing.
I'm one of the suckers who are going to get a PS3 though.
I'm trying guys, I'm really trying to be devil's advocate when it comes to Sony, but guys it's tough.
And even the Sony fanboys have to recognize right now the odds are not in your favor. I'm sorry
The system is only as good as the games on it. E3 was not a good setup for Sony fanboys. I'm sorry
We'll do what we can the rest of the year
Maybe Sony will throw us a few frickin bones before Christmas, but or the launch of the system really, but they had cool commercials though
Yeah, I guess there's something today. They will if they get Castlevania. That's a huge plus to return to the email
Harmonics does need to make another amplitude frequency game. I'm still hooked to those games.
Guitar Hero looks like amplitude with a guitar peripheral and nothing else. That's the reason I have not bought Guitar Hero.
Quick question. Is Space Channel 5 Special Edition for the PS2 a straight port of the Dreamcast version? I'm considering buying it.
To answer the question, actually it's both. It's Space Channel 5 2 and the Dreamcast one.
I own it. I have not played it yet because I have the Japanese Space Channel 5 2.
but I do know that it's supposed to include both games. I've played it.
I've played the Japanese version actually, randomly enough, and
it is pretty much a direct port, but if you have not played Space Channel 5,
you must have this game. Especially if you're a music game fan, which I'm
guessing if you have DJ in your nickname, you probably are,
you really want to pick up this game. And also DJ Ratchet, thank you for the well
wish.
Actually, another thing that he wanted to add is that his mother, who knows
there's nothing about video games thinks that the Blu-ray is the biggest rip-off in the world.
Well the players are like, I don't know,
$700 or something right? Oh that was something I saw this week is I saw an HD DVD
player in action at like Best Buy or something and
you know what? Not ready to drop a thousand dollars on it that's for sure
or whatever they're trying to do. $600?
I don't know. Honestly, $360 if they're gonna release that they're gonna have to do it
like $200 at most for that player for me to be interested in it because the
picture quality is not that much better and if blu-ray is only supposed to look
that good I am not impressed with the technology you know at this time I just
don't think there's gonna be it's not that huge of improvement over existing
DVDs on on my HD I don't know it's just me we have another email from Mark from
Australia who is actually is one of the it's a very interesting email go ahead
and I read this out loud, I've just finished listening to episode 187 and once again I
hear you guys defending violent content in video games.
It seems to be a topic that is forever raising its ugly head in almost every single show.
Now although I'm a gamer and particularly love violent content in the games I play,
I find your arguments always seem to be one sided.
I've never heard anyone from Orange Lawns Radio seriously and intelligently consider
whether it's bad for kids or more so if it's bad for adults.
can simulated killing really be good for your head?
Loki asks the question, what's worse, simulated killing or killing a deer?
I'm sure Loki has no idea about the answer to this question but proceeds to speak in
a high pitched voice mimicking the mothers of the affected kids, his only objective is
to try to offend them.
If he calmed down and put some thought into his answers he might seem credible.
I actually responded to him and in my email I said that the viewpoint we've been coming
from is more on the rebuttal standpoint where we're given a limited scope of
what to defend basically we have all these people and I honestly think the
ones that are saying you know ban it ban it ban it are very one-sided very you
know not willing to put a lot of thought into it no I fully agree and I've
actually said this in the past I said it today you know there is a certain age
where you have to be careful with what you expose your children to, but any, I
should say, mature adult, any person who's above a certain age and has a certain
ability to tell reality from, you know, fantasy, would be able to intelligently
know the difference between picking up your controller and killing a bunch of
of pixels or 3D rendered models,
then taking an Uzi and blowing away your school.
I think that an intelligent, sane human being
would be able to tell the difference.
I, yeah, I absolutely agree with that,
and I think, you know, the listener who wrote us an email
said something about how we never say that kids,
or the games aren't harmful to kids.
Games, video games are harmful to some kids,
kids who don't know any better. And for me, though, that's really up to a parent to make
that determination. Is a game going to be harmful to the child or not? Is the child
going to be mature enough to play this game that I'm going to buy for them with my money?
And certainly there are some games that some children should not be playing, but that's
really up to the parent to make the decision there. And that's kind of just my thoughts
on it.
Loki, do you have anything you want to say about the mom impressions or whatever?
not knowing what I'm talking about or something?
Yeah.
Well, okay, I may not have killed a deer or, you know, an animal of that sort or whatever,
but I mean you can definitely argue that killing something that doesn't exist except in a virtual
world is probably gonna be less violent than going out and actually killing something that's
alive.
I mean, that's pretty- any idiot can tell you that.
I mean, if I kill, you know, a virtual hooker I guess, it's not a real person, they don't
have feelings, their family's not going to worry about, you know, they're not going to
be all upset if I kill her, she just responds later and I go kill her again, it doesn't
matter.
Whereas, you know, if I go kill, you know, my next door neighbor, that's a little different.
More people are impacted by that.
So how can you say that I'm wrong in saying that killing a virtual person is nowhere near
to the effect of killing, you know, something real. Even if it's not a human person, say
you kill, you know, an animal or something, you know, kids are, you know, brought up knowing
that animals are cute and stuff, and if you take them out into the wilderness without
obviously educating them and stuff, and you go and blow away Bambi, I mean, that's going
to be a little, you know, that's going to probably shock them more than saying killing
virtual, you know, prostitute Betty, I don't know.
also you speaking of that you know what's worse going out and killing a
deer for the sport of it or killing a deer because you're hungry and you need
food you know that there's I think everything is situational okay or what
about see someone has broken into your house and has a gun at your head I'm
going to shoot them okay I don't care I will do what it takes to defend my house
if they are in my property and they're threatening to kill me hell yeah I would
strike out at them.
It seems to be going a little into the what-ifs.
When you're looking at these types of situations, when you're going out for the purpose of killing
somebody for sport, that's when you need to look at your level of sanity.
When you've got something for defense or you're hunting something for your survival, that's
not even something that should be comparable.
I think that even comparing, you know, virtual violence, you can't compare that to reality.
There's no basis.
And yeah, the games are not meant for kids, and to be honest, they shouldn't be playing
them.
That's why we have ratings on the back of them.
If you give it to your kid, then obviously you think that he is ready, or he or she is
ready to see what is in the game.
And the same goes with R-rated movies.
Firebomber was pointing out that I'm at Ted Nugent's level.
He's a survivalist though, Ted Nugent's cool.
I think it was interesting the deer hunting thing that got brought up, because then Pooeater
in our chat room says, I killed deers in Deer Hunter 3, which makes me think that's a game
that you see in the lobby of every Walmart across the nation, which is just kind of an
interesting observation.
I strangely found one in an Irish pub.
Anyway, thanks for the email, I mean, you know, we like thought-provoking, intelligently
written emails, so good job.
You know, because in a year I'm planning on having a sproutlet.
I'm planning on breeding.
A spawn.
I'm going to have Jamie spawn.
But, you know, I'm not going to have my little kid playing, you know, going out and playing
Halo when he's, you know, three or four.
But you know, when I'm sure that my kid, you know, has the ability, you know, understands
the difference between reality and fantasy then you know I wouldn't mind if
they're in there watching me play in Halo as long as they understand the
difference if they start reenacting it they get their butt popped and I tell
them no not enough parents spank their children either but that's another
story I was raised I was spanked when I was bad that's a whole nother cup of tea
I'm not even gonna get into I'm not I'm not gonna but I'm gonna say that as a
parent yeah I would discipline my child if I saw them dangerously reenacting
something you teach them the difference between right and wrong when you just
when you when you conceive that child it is your responsibility to make sure that
they learn how to be a proper adult childhood is what prepares you for
being a grown-up all right okay I think you might get more letters on from this
I want more letters as long as they're intelligently written that's all yes
yeah and have good grammar. I got an email from Cameron saying hey I was
wondering your thoughts on Banjo-Kazooie for DS. Rare is already porting Diddy Kong
Racing from the 64 DS and EGM rumored that a Banjo-Kazooie game was also
coming to DS as a port or new. I want to know if you think it will happen also do
you think any Banjo-Kazooie games will make it to live arcade thank you thank
you for the show. First of all I won't make it a live arcade because I don't
Does Nintendo still have part of the rights on that?
I don't know. When it comes to Banjo-Kazooie, who technically owns that? Rare or Nintendo?
Rare has it. I don't think you'd see it on DS at all for that reason.
But Xbox Live Arcade, definitely a possibility, but not for a long time.
I honestly didn't like the Banjo-Kazooie series, so I haven't...
Yeah, I gotta be honest. It wasn't really a series of games I played a whole lot of.
Magus, you seem to be a little more up on the know with that. Do you have any thoughts?
No, I haven't played Banjo-Kazooie since it came out.
Well, this listener is going to be very disappointed in our feedback on that one, sorry.
You know, if it's rare though, I think rare, Microsoft's really where they're headed,
I wouldn't be looking for them doing a lot on DS.
Diddy Kong's different, you know, because that was a Nintendo character,
and Nintendo still owns the rights, so...
Yeah, they might do Banjo-Kazooie just once for old time's sake, but I doubt it.
But I doubt it. I don't see that happening even for old times sake just because of legal stuff
So well, we've got a couple more emails to go through here
To move forward we also have one from
Paul saying what was any of your worst experience with a video game store?
Wow, I need more time to think about that. Worst experience at a video game store?
I have to say it was EB before the GameStop merge, because there were some really not
knowledgeable people at a couple of the EB's I've been to. I've never had a problem at a GameStop,
but then again, they all know me. Yeah, you're kind of lucky in that regard. You know, I would
say more recently, this is kind of a weak answer, but I didn't have a lot of time to
think about this one, walking into a gaming store time and time again, not being able
to locate an Xbox 360 for many months, and kind of being laughed at when asking about
it.
That's, you know, it's like, you know, come on, guy, okay, I didn't pre-order it, get
over it.
Just tell me if you have or not.
But also think about how many times they get asked that during the day.
I know, but you know what?
That's part of the job.
You should be used to it, you know.
People are going to come into the bank and ask many times a day, how do I withdraw money
for my account?
it's just part of the job get used to it but there's also that I actually had a
really awful experience at a Walmart and I think you were there with me when we
were waiting trying to get that a DS out of the not a DS an SP out of the this no
Julie was with me I don't recall it Julie was with me because we were
picking up one before before some convention and no one was coming we asked
people oh I don't know I don't have a key and they weren't finding anyone but
that was Walmart.
Logan, do you have any stories or magus, anybody?
I would say, there was that one time I was buying that memory card thing, kind of like
a, where you can rip memory card saves off of like a Playstation card.
Dex Drive?
Yeah, like a Dex Drive, but not as a third party thing.
And the guy was acting stupid, I don't remember what he was doing, he was acting really retarded.
But then there was another time I was trying to buy a PSP at launch, he's all, good luck
finding one, hahaha, I went to Best Buy and there was like a ton of them sitting there,
so yeah.
But I remember like I said last week, I overheard in one of the Game Stops that they don't even
inform their employees on what games are coming out and what the games are, they basically
are told to read the Game Informer magazine, which, that's stupid.
Eh, whatever.
Megas?
Eh, mine's more of a general thing. Just, okay.
Tip to GameStop, EB Games, whatever.
Uh, your employees are selling games.
They should know something about the games they're selling.
If you have a person that's completely clueless, you don't employ them.
Or you have them learn first, right?
From what I understand from Gametop employees I've talked to, at least that chain, Gamestop
has a policy where they can get magazines for free to read up on what's going on.
How many employees take advantage of that or whether they're encouraged to, I don't
know, I haven't worked there.
But I do know at least they have that policy, which is interesting.
I'm probably going to have to second the issue with employees mocking customers who
didn't pre-order their thing, didn't pre-order their product, and then are surprised that
it's not in stock.
Yeah, we know we can't always pre-order things, but you don't have to get in our face for
it.
No.
Honestly, I think that if you know something's going to be hard to get and you want to make
sure you have your copy, freakin' pre-order it.
It's $5 out of your pocket, and if it turns out it's something that you don't want, you
can move it to something else.
It's not hard.
I don't agree.
I don't pre-order games, and I don't like that kind of commitment, and I feel like it's
almost like I don't want to commit that I'm going to buy.
I don't care. You're not committing that you're buying it. 60 bucks. 60 bucks. That's a hell of a commitment.
For a game it's five dollars. For a game it's five dollars. What about a game system?
Games are easy to come by. And if you don't want it, you can get your money back.
It's not that hard. It's in the store to credit. I feel like those stores try to force me into it.
It's the whole thing. I don't like being told I have to do something. Nobody does.
Hey, I preordered my Xbox 360 system about when they were taking preorders.
And do you think that they are responsible for Microsoft's error?
No, I think they are responsible for taking the amount of preorders that they are going to get systems.
They did take the number of preorders that they thought they were getting systems and then Microsoft screwed them over.
Well that's their problem. That's not my problem.
That's Microsoft's problem.
No, that is their problem.
They didn't they didn't create the shortage
Microsoft did if you have an issue with it you take it to Microsoft the one who created the problem if I have a customer
Doesn't get their movies on time because the said company or whatever doesn't ship them on time. It's our problem
Not that I completely disagree
Well, you go and tell your customer. Oh, I'm sorry. You can't get your system because Microsoft didn't ship it call Microsoft
They're gonna say fuck you. Why did you say I can get one on launch date then? I'm sorry. That's called stupid customer
That's called a customer doesn't want to shop and pre-order any of their games that's called the customer is a lazy-ass
No, it's that's exactly how I feel to inform their customers if they inform them exactly the source
Hey, they had shortages before with the PlayStation 2 if they knew that this was gonna be a typical problem
They could say you know any Microsoft two completely different companies
companies. How is what one company do illustrate what another company is going to do? Please
answer that. Tell me exactly how is the behavior of a completely different entity going to
explain how another completely different entity is going to perform.
The companies operate in a similar fashion as far as hardware launches.
Microsoft doesn't have to deal with having their orders come from basically a foreign
source. Microsoft is all located this side of the country. Anything that Sony does has
to have approval from Sony of Japan.
Actually Microsoft systems, I believe, were being manufactured in foreign countries.
It doesn't matter where it's manufactured, it matters where the business decisions are
being made.
Anyway, to go on to the next email, we also have one from Ricky.
It says, one of our 15 year old listeners, says he's been listening to our show for the
past two years and he's quite impressed.
Let's get to the point, is what it says.
Anyway, I was browsing around on the net and I stumbled across a gif, which happened to
be someone's avatar for a certain forum, um, from the image of this year's E3.
It was Ken Kutaragi, um, actually you did spell it right, kudos to you, um, wording
his, uh, mouth to the phrase Ridge Racer and it kept playing the words back and forth.
Um, he recognized a face in this, um, it says that none other, it actually said it was Rob
in this GIF?
Yeah, I've actually, you know what, somebody posted something similar in our forums that
supposedly there's some reaction shot of me at some press conference, but here's the thing
guys, it's not me.
At least the picture I saw wasn't me, I guess I didn't even think the guy looked like me,
but maybe there's something, I tried going into the mailbag and looking at it and there
was no GIF image attached, so I would ask that listener to try resending it, but just
so you know, when the Sony press conference was going on, we were not there.
We were not at any of the big three press conferences.
I wish we were that popular amongst them, but unfortunately not all those companies
have embraced podcasting yet, with the exception of Microsoft, but of course, you know, Major
Nelson works for them, so that's the podcast that's definitely going to be...
Actually, I would say Microsoft a little more than the others, you know, even, because I
know some other friendly podcasts we know of went to that conference, so that's cool.
But anyway, regardless, during the Sony Prep Conference, we were actually at the Arena
a lounge in Santa Monica watching it on the big screen TV on a live feed and nobody was
taking pictures of our reaction shots and really I didn't have a problem with Sony's
conference until the very end to be honest and then kind of sitting back and reflecting
on it, it just kind of got worse so I really don't think that pictures me because I don't
know where it came from.
It's like eating bad McDonald's, it was bad to begin with and then just kind of festers
in your stomach.
And also, I spend most of E3 hanging out with either Loki, Dark Sakura, or Bobby from All
Games, so if you don't see them in the picture either, it's probably not me.
Sorry.
Also, we got an email and I'm using this as an example.
Someone sent us an email that consists of only, hi.
Don't send me emails that just say hi, because what I'm going to do in the future when I
see emails like this is I'm going to delete it and keep a list of your name.
Well hi back I guess. I appreciate you taking the time to send such a
thoughtful and well-written email. I'm not mentioning the person's name on.
They also didn't put a subject in there all they wrote was hi. You know now we're
gonna get like 30 emails this week just say hi hi hi. And what I will do is on
on our forum I will post their email addresses so that we can sign them up for some porn
filters.
I think you really need it by posting them to the forum and probably just do that automatically
with all those bots out there.
Yeah, there is that.
Any other emails besides the high email?
Just the ones that worship me as their goddess and, you know, those I usually just send to
my personal email.
Oh yeah, all one of those emails.
Hey!
Alright.
You can shut the hell up right now.
Magus got a total zing there. You sent yourself.
That is bull. My husband sent him.
DM, I need some ATH points for Magus. A good five points for him please.
You know what? You need to... I think he's upgraded from toilet paper to
a cardboard box for his jokebook. Alright, anyway, we gotta keep it moving here.
Again, if you have emails, mail back at Orangelaunchradio.com
During the break here, live only, we were talking about some gaming pieces that were
in the media recently.
One piece we were saving here for part B was Nightline.
Basically what happened is that Nightline recently did this story here talking about
the Pentagon and how kind of dumb they looked when they mistook a bit of Mashima for a terrorist
training tool and showed it to the House Intelligence Committee.
Tapper basically said this, terrorists twisting an American video game into a jihadist training
tool and then proceeds to lay out how the whole thing happened, including getting an
anonymous interview with a European gamer who created the now infamous terrorist battlefield
clip.
The Pentagon is still claiming that the mashema is being used by terrorists.
Tapper is calling bullshit on this excuse and tells the Pentagon so, basically.
And there's a quote here, uh, we should really be questioning the kind of advice that Congress
is getting, and that comes from, uh, Georgia Tech Ian Boggess, who's in the piece.
It was a parody of, um, Team America World Police.
That's what the machimo was.
That's very interesting.
So, I don't know, that was interesting to you.
stupid intelligence, but kind of unrelated to that whole thing, the Fragdolls and the
PMS Clan, they're boycotting the World Series of Video Gaming, Grolov, I guess, contest
or whatever. They're doing some pageant contests that has to do with the World Series of Video
Games. The Miss WSVG contest, and the only game-related requirement for the contestants
are, you know, to list what their favorite game is. And of course that didn't sit too
well with either clan, which basically protesting the contest by holding their own guy talent
con- or beauty contest as well. It says it's not really a video gamer who will be crowned,
a model. And that was the PMS co-founder Amber Dalton who told the Courier Journal. And basically,
I don't know, one of the funny things that I keep seeing back is the, like for example,
the World Series of video games they shot back with. The Fragdolls in PMS Clan have
stated that they plan to run the Mr. WSVG competition in the Tourist Next Stop in Dallas.
If this happens, in order to be fair, the World Series of Video Gaming may feel compelled
to run another beauty contest as well.
And then of course, other gamers who have been reading this are saying, well, those
two clans suck anyways as far as gaming goes, they don't even compete on a professional
level.
So I thought that was funny.
I don't really know enough about those clans to pass judgment on it, so I'm just going
to refrain from commenting, although I would love to have a representative on the program
at some point to kind of give their perspective.
I know that they've been given a lot of shit online about how many...
I think the PMS Clan specifically, they have their gamer cards linked on Xbox.com, and
I think like most of them have under 1k points, except one girl's got a ton.
But then they say, well that's because we're playing Halo 2 and you don't get points for
that.
Yeah, they have Halo 2.
But the other thing that I thought was funny was...
It's just, you know, and with all respect to them, because again I don't know them,
It does seem interesting though, they are linked from xbox.com, wouldn't you knowing
that, wanna buff up the 360 games?
I don't know.
I know they play Halo 2 a lot, granted, and one of the funny things I was reading is that
they're actually coming out with their casual gaming portion of the clan.
So there's gonna be some experts at UNO or something, I don't know.
But I'm all for a casual game, you don't have to be hardcore all the time.
Are you going to be entering the Hot Man competition, Loki?
I think you should be in it.
I think it would be funny, because you know they're going to get all these, you know,
male models.
Well, here's the problem, though.
I think Loki should be up there.
Here's the problem, though.
It's in Dallas, and it's also, they're a ways away.
Chat room?
I think we should have someone go on there in an asbestos suit and set themselves on
fire.
chat room, who would like to contribute to a Send Loki to Dallas fund?
Our other sales branches in Dallas. Well there you go, you need to take a work trip.
You know, the whole argument with the fact that they don't have a lot of gamer points
doesn't really count with me, because if you're playing a lot of multiplayer games and stuff,
not a lot of points may be coming from that, especially if you're not playing like, you
know, which, although, although the PMS clan, I think it was the PMS clan, I can't remember
which one's sponsored by Ubisoft, they have, they better be, you know, having high achievement
points because, you know, they gotta be playing the new Ghost Recon, and the only system you
gotta be playing now is the 360, so, well you should be playing on the 360 because that's
the best one all right well we'll see what happens with that and I do we just
want pictures of the winners on all ends just send us some sexy pictures of the
winners from all the contests that's all we asked for I have nothing nothing
against you know female clans I mean especially if they're competing out
there great you know just great I mean just don't you know make it sound like
you're the best people in the world we need to have like the oil army as a
gaming clan I thought about that except I suck we have a lot of girls that
listen to this show for just various games that aren't your supermodel girl
types that Microsoft's would want to flaunt about at their booth or whatever
that's just fine by me I like my girls normal you know not that I date girls
but you know I like socializing with normal girls you know I and I say we
form a clan and all that stuff let's do it send some emails if you're interested
It's not just women. We can have a clan on a chrome hounds. We are get that no
We're going to be the multi-game clan the old army. Well, they're gonna have actual clans and chrome hounds. So I
You have to go army. All right. Anyway, let's move on here. We got to get to this story about the PSP
And we haven't heard a lot of great, you know stuff system selling at things coming to the PSP
But this might be something that turns some heads
there's going to be a TiVo update and what the next TiVo update will do is
it's going to convert TiVo shows into PSP friendly formats by the way you can
also convert it for iPod or trio it's only going to cost $25 for that
functionality which by the way you can find utilities on the internet to do it
for free but okay whatever it's going to be a legal and blessed thing from TiVo
So it's kind of interesting because now the PSP can kind of you know have that hey put your TiVo programs here on your PSP
That might be something to sell the PSP and certainly I get more competitive with the iPod even though
I don't know iPod and PSP are so different anyway
But for some people when it's one or the other that might be something that kind of you know
Makes the PSP look a little more alluring too
I think it's just that they're gonna be planning on doing this anyways with the whole ps3 and the you know
was it a
their wireless some streaming system that they've got their
the location free players so they're probably going to be bringing something very similar
Alright. Guess what?
What? You remember when we played that Pirates of the Caribbean game?
Yes, at E3.
Well it's been officially stated Johnny Depp is doing his
lending his voice talent to the game for Captain Jack Sparrow
oh yeah that game I thought was pretty cool
you know had all kinds of little hidden stuff thrown in it you know what I did
notice
you know remember though that they didn't have a
dude in it
why is the name suddenly escaping me? I'm Johnny Depp
thank you no no Orlando Bloom thank you
he isn't they actually got a voice
a similar voice to it. But there's a quote on here from Johnny Depp that doing voiceovers
is a great fun and a lot easier than stumbling about pretending to be Keith Richards or having
scissors glued to your fingers all day. He did not add.
You know, all things considered, the game looked decent.
That wasn't a quote, by the way.
I know, it looked like your typical movie to game translation, but on the, you know,
they didn't fuck it up, and like the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory games, you know,
they didn't fuck it up.
It looked pretty solid, I think, but the Johnny Depp quotient is going to sell a lot more
of this title.
I think it was a smart clinching there to get the game on board.
This announcement here, though, is from Eurogamer, so I love the jokes they're putting in here.
For example, they said, why are pirates called pirates?
Because they are.
Oh my god. That's so bad. Wow. That's fantastic. That was bad. But yeah, we saw this when we
saw the demo at E3. It was pretty cool. It was a pretty neat little game. If you're a
fan of the movies, you'll get a kick out of it. It'll entertain you for a little while.
Really, really hokey. That joke there. Anyways, as far as Xbox Live, there's going to be some
is Xbox Live. There's going to be some demos coming soon. The first one of course, which
should have come out by now but hasn't, Prey is supposed to be hitting Xbox Live Marketplace
pretty soon. If you can't wait though and you have a decent enough PC, you can actually
download the PC demo for free on a lot of the major gaming sites, so definitely check
that out. The other demo that's also slated for August 1st, which would be Saints Row,
and that's going to be coming pretty soon. I think sometime in July, Texas Hold'em is
supposed to be coming out so lots of good stuff hopefully and no word on
streetfare yet so that kind of sucks all right um what we want to do now is allow
dark Sakura to tell us what website she's been looking at this week because
she serves the internet up and down left and right front and back all over and
tries to find the website that you need to be looking at this week so dark
Sakura where should kids be pointing their browsers this week this is a site
that I spend quite a bit of time on and you know it's not actually just because
I also moderate there is gorillas unofficial it I was a big fan of this
site before I was you know asked on as one of the moderators there and
basically this I have to say to Jay he's so amazing with how quickly he gets the
updates up any any new information that said he has it up on there they're linked
through live journal if you add a gorillas news to your live journal feed
it goes directly off gorillasunofficial.com it's actually gorillas-unofficial.com
the forms there are great well maintained again not just because I'm
also working with you but everybody there is just really terrific they're
not just that but if you go into the site actually on the splash page there's
There's new art features by people in the fan art community, other fans, some official
photos.
You'll see something different every time.
On top of that, this has probably, I'd say, one of the most complete lyrics, image, discography,
everything.
And there's even a translation on here by my friend Haruna, who translated what Noodle
said on the Apex tapes back when she was only speaking Japanese.
So check it out. Very cool site. I've been impressed with them from day one.
But what if I don't like gorillas?
Then screw you.
Okay. Alright.
Then why don't you? What's wrong with you?
I like gorillas, just why. You know I love to be devil's advocate, though.
I know.
Exactly. But, I don't know. I'm not a huge fan of gorillas. Sorry. What can I say? I'm picky.
It's because you like listening to porno music. That's why.
Porno music. Hell yeah.
What I am a fan of is good racing games, and Forza Motorsport 2, they had some details
come out about that.
It's supposed to be the big competition against Gran Turismo HD, which I don't really want
to comment on that game.
Anyways, what's kind of interesting is they described the brand new damage system in Forza
2, and this is all coming from the latest issue of the 360 magazine, including that
it took six months to create. Three damage settings will be available in the game, low,
normal, and simulation for those who don't want to, they joke, reenact the great Gizmondo
Ferrari crash. For photo and TV modes, they're actually collaborating with the Project Gotham
development team, Bizarre Creations. So they're going to have something similar to Forza,
as far as the TV very similar to Gotham TV that was in
Project Gotham Racing 3 and of course better AI
better graphics, downloadable content, yada yada yada yada
Is that official to yada yada yada yada?
That's all for me, you hit her here first yada yada yada yada
Hooray!
Actually
as far as other stuff
Going on and actually I'm sure that
Megas here would appreciate this
Blizzard's got some new ideas for World of Warcraft. Oh
Really yeah, really
Basically
There's a new transfer assist
They're preparing a new transfer system that will let World of Warcraft players move their characters to less polluted realms for a $25 fee
They're basically wanting to
Offer these services for convenience as opposed to encouraging people to spread out through the realms
But it's been asked for before so they're deciding to make it a
a service that will be available.
I've been reading the forums about that seems to be a bit
seems to be a bit of a backlash uh... people think it's too expensive people
think it's not worth the effort
it's like come on either you pay for the transfer which is just expensive enough
to
keep players from say
invading a realm and crashing it
seriously
I mean the alternative is just to re-roll in completely new characters so
it's not much of a decision there
There will be restrictions on realm transfers, you can only bring a character once every
six months and once you've transferred you can't take them back.
The character has to be at least level 10, there's the amount of cash you can bring with
you 300 gold for levels 10-30, 1000 for 31-50 and 5000-51 and above.
You can only transfer to realms of the same type, PVP, PvE, I guess roleplay ones too.
They're also talking about cross realm battleground feature that's coming in with patch 1.12.
That's cool.
It will link Alterac Valley, Warsong Gulch, and Arathi Basin so you can fight with players
from other realms.
Hopefully they don't link the fucking looking for group channel across multiple servers.
F, G, W, S, G. I mean, okay, devil's advocate here. Yay, so we can have our Bluebee groups
trashed by tier three, no matter where they are. I mean, what's, what are the odds, you
figure, of Cross Realm Battlegrounds having, okay, you have this basic pick-up group, unskilled
players facing completely organized, over voice chat people are just going to roll straight
over them.
Can't hold you on, don't go there.
Same rule on Ragnarok, you know, if you don't want to, you know, you don't do War of Imperium
if you're level 10.
Step up or ship out, bitch.
There's a big gap between raiders and non-raiders, and you see that a lot on the forums.
The people who do the big raid instances do better in PvP, it's not much a matter of skill.
I think they should call it World of Warcraft Hardcore Edition for the hardcore.
Also patch 1.12 is going to bring in a new type of Rogue PVP.
You will see Horde and Alliance players trying to gain control of strategic positions.
And Rogues will get a talent review.
To this I say it's about damn time on both counts.
have needed a talent change for a while they just need some tweaks and world PVP
because of battlegrounds because there are actually objectives in
battlegrounds has effectively killed off world PVP so both of those need a
revamp I'm glad they're getting them hmm I you know I'm going back to the price
for a minute for character transfer I think $25 is fair actually they agree
because it makes sure the people really want to do it and it's not just people
taking advantage of it because even if it was $5 I think $25 means that it's
only people who really want to be with their friends and really want to do it
you know because otherwise I think this would just be happening left and right
and it would just get too confusing and all this stuff so I'm kind I'm glad I
think it's a smart idea and I think I think Final Fantasy 11 badly needs to
implement something similar honestly but that's just my opinion what do I know
was that a dark soccer I'm sorry doesn't okay then I guess then we'll give the
microphone back to Loki so he can do his next story. Thank you very much. In between the
porn surfing, what are you doing over there, Loki? I'm not searching for porn. Sure. I'm
trying to get my program newsletter to work because it's not, it wants me to buy it. Alright.
Don't want to. Anyways, um, although if you don't want to buy stuff and you want to save
some money, well you're still going to have to buy stuff, but if you want to save some
money on some 360 games, try maybe buying region free games. Like for example, stuff
from PlayAsia. They're offering MotoGP 2006 which just came out in the 360 for $59.99
here in the States. You can buy it actually, the Asian version for $39.99. Guess what?
It's region free, you can play it on your system. So you actually save 20 bucks. So
that's kind of neat. And they actually have a few games that are like that. Not sure if
they're going to change that in the future, but something to look into if you're thinking
about buying games or buy yous like I do.
We're not going to open up our skype line over at www.orangelandsradio.com, click on
interact with us.
However, I wish to announce here for our fourth birthday some pretty major changes with the
skype line and just kind of our reasonings why we're doing it.
First off, we here at Orange Lawns Radio do not like to edit the show unless we absolutely
have to.
We would never edit out someone's opinion on anything.
The only thing we edit out are complete fuck-ups like when we forget to start the show right
or whatever, the story is not up that we need, or what have you.
And now though, we're going to start editing out Skype calls that are not up to a certain
quality standard, and we don't want to scare you guys off from calling in.
That's not what we're trying to do.
We're never going to censor your opinions, but the problem is just based on some feedback
that we're getting from folks that are listening to the show and posting on the forums and
talking to friends is that unfortunately some of the quality calls we just can't afford
to keep leaving in the show because it's kind of starting to bring the show down.
So please guys, before you call in using Skype, please use Echo 1-2-3 to call in first to
make sure your connection is okay or pick up the phone and call 916-226-9067 if you
are the person that pays the bill because that's probably a toll call.
Now that being said, the phone isn't always 100% efficient, especially if you're using
a cell phone.
Please don't be offended if we hang up on you due to quality control issues.
Just for the betterment of the show try again next week or leave us a voicemail
Orange launch radio is on all the time on Skype and you can actually call in leave us a voicemail and actually
What I'd like to know your opinions on this week for the voicemail. We're gonna start making this a regular segment
I would really like to hear your voicemails later
actually, I'll give you the topic after the Skype calls because then otherwise people want to call in and talk about it, but we're gonna
have like a
weekly topic to call in about. So anyway, let's go to the phone's Skype line and
see what you guys have to say.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? It's Ranma. Can you hear me now?
Of course I can hear you. What's up, Ranma? What's on your mind? Not much. I've probably recovered from Anime Next last weekend.
From Anime Next? How was that? It was fun, but there was a lot of drama with the
game room, but I'll save that for later.
Well, no, I want to hear it. What was the drama in the game room? Have you heard of desktop arcade?
Yes. They were banned from AnimeNext.
Wow, what did they do? They were at Fonome. What did they do? A desktop arcade, they're the ones that make the
popping music controllers and the beat media controllers, right?
Ooh, what'd they do? I wanna know. It seems that somebody stole their passes from last year,
photocopied them, and went into the game room. And it seems that the guy who
runs the game room, Kevin, who's also known as Assembler,
who owns Assembler.org, basically blacklisted them from the con.
and whenever you mention it on the forums about why they weren't there
he will go in and edit your post and delete it as if it never existed
that's a little weird that's almost a little too hardcore they didn't post
anything like why they're gone or whatever
nope every time you ask them why or whatever
your post is deleted that's freaky that's like a KGB thing
I came very close to getting banned on the forums when I stopped because if I got banned
I know senior staffs that would probably have his head on a fucking platter
should we call make a call to desktop arcade get one of them on the show try
to get their side of the story
sure why not I can arrange that open it you know what open invite you tell him
we want him I'd love to hear it
wouldn't you guys? I am, I see you guys, alright let's hear it
anyway sorry buddy what what else is going on in anime next? it was pretty fun
um it was hot as hell but luckily my hotel was like
15 feet away from Expo Center it was huge it was great
The only thing that really sucked was the acoustics.
Hmm, what was wrong with the acoustics? Just, you know,
hard to hear things and sound bouncing everywhere or what?
Yes, think of it as a giant warehouse and they were dividing everything
with these heavy curtains.
What kind of cool video game related things did you see there? I know it's a
lot of anime, but since we're a gaming show, what kind of cool video game things did you see there?
Not too much, because I went into the game room,
the funk just hit me and I passed out. But I did!
I did go into the dealers room. I did see some DS lights on imports white
PSP's
Okay, so a lot of import games
Ranma, yes, I was actually hanging out with my friend Julie yesterday and she's going to anime Expo this year
Yeah, I have no the only reason I see to go there this year's cuz clamps there
Yeah, I want to go but my wizard costume is not done
Well, she's talking about buying some of those miniature bottles of Febreze to go around
spraying the fanboy funk.
I will praise her if she does that.
Allow us to take this opportunity, boys and girls, to remind you, when you are of a certain
age, it is critically important, and actually you really should do this when you're a child,
and if you're old enough to figure out how to download the show and listen to it and
all that fun stuff, you are probably this age.
It is important that you bathe on a regular basis, that you use soap to clean the germs
off your body, and that you use something like deodorant, cologne, I don't know, something
to make sure that you're going to smell unoffensive when you're in a room tightly packed, especially
a hot room, as Rama's telling us, this con was pretty hot, around all these people.
So please, don't give gamers a bad name, such as these folks at Anime Next that were stinking
up the room, bathe regularly, and, you know, bring the smell of flowers into gaming rooms
everywhere.
And I knew a person, I actually met somebody at Anime Expo a few years ago who actually
was one of those, I'm going to sleep in the lobby of the hotel or in the movie room type
people, only he actually would go into the men's room and clean himself at the sink.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, Bandit in the chat room has the best idea ever for a
cosplay.
Someone should dress up as a big bottle of Febreze.
There's one for you. One anime con when they passed out their registration bags had little bars of soap in each of the bags.
And don't you know the people got pissed off and offended.
I would actually like to quote my friend Megzi.
Okay.
Hobo. Horrible otaku body odor.
Why would you be offended at that? I look at it as a free gift. People fucking steal hotel soap all the time.
You know what I say the cons should do?
What?
They should have an anonymous shower room. Take one of the hotel rooms, someone just stands there with a sheet, you go in, sign in, take your shower, and leave. 100% anonymous.
Wow. Alright, anyway, we gotta wrap this up so we can get to another call, but any other thoughts on the cons or gaming or what have you?
It was fun, overall. I'm gonna post a couple of links and that's it. The first one's for Jamie.
Ron would have cosplay in full effect. There was a bunch of Ron would have cosplays running around.
Alright. Alright, thank you very much, Rama, for the call. I appreciate it, okay?
Sure. No problem.
Later, buddy.
Later.
We always like it when he calls in.
DMN, I need some ATH points to Bandit. I know it's your contest, but Bandit,
come on. That was some points right there. Let's go to another phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, Skye. It's Ravenstaufen.
Hey, Ravenstaufen. What's on your mind, buddy?
Phoenix Wright.
Phoenix Wright. You know, I've kind of looked at this game a little bit. It's kind of neat.
What what if you just recently started playing this game?
Sort of I bought it for a week and I found it in EB for 30 bucks and it it rocks really
What do you lucky you what do you like about Phoenix, right?
Well, I just like that. The music is great when you have nailed someone it goes like objection you did this
Okay, wait a meek Latov just walked in the room. So I've got to put him on the spot here meek Latov. You've been playing
Phoenix right turn finished it. What did you think of that?
What do you love so much about the game? It's like playing law and order
That's pretty much what I like and it's funny. It's really really funny. Well, what's so funny about it?
There's nothing funny about law
The writing is really hilarious and the names they come up with for the characters like Lotta Hart and
Somebody von Karma. I forget his yeah
Manfred von Karma and it was seriously like the evil voice, right?
Right?
OBJECTION!
It's, I couldn't put it down until I finished it.
I have all these other games I was playing too, and I was like, I'm not taking this out
of my DS.
It just seems to me like that game has an awful lot of reading though, so what keeps
this game kind of interesting?
Skye.
Yes, Raven's Dolphin.
Uh, because it has a lot of reading, I read pretty well, I don't, I can't read a book,
but I can read games.
Well, it's not like I can't read, Raven's Dolphin, but if I want to read, I'll read
a book.
It's an engaging story, each chapter, so it's not like you want to put it down.
I mean I've heard a lot of great things about the game, so it's just when I was kind of watching you play it
I was kind of like this looks like a lot of reading for a video game. I can understand that but then again
You know what so is final fan any of the Super Nintendo Final Fantasy so you had to read a lot in those games
Too really, so I'm let's slide two words about Phoenix, right that will sell it to anyone Mike Meekins
You will find out once you play through it Mike Meekins
Oh, it took him a minute ravens often Meekins is what they're making another one for the DS called justice for all
That's all I wanted to call for I'm getting that launch day, and there's a Phoenix coming out, right?
Okay, thank you, just tell us real quick wait before you go back. How does it work in Japan?
There's the different games in Japan how many are out in Japan and what's been translated over here three on Gameboy Advance?
And then they're making a new one on DS 4 and it doesn't have Phoenix right in it anymore
At least that we know of so far. It's a different attorney this time. Hmm and
And what's really cool is my coworker, she wasn't able to get the American one, but they just re-released the Japanese one in Japan.
And it has a... of course they released it in Japan if it's Japanese.
Yeah, you can toggle between English or Japanese in the game.
So if you can't find it in America right now, you can go on an import site and just get that re-release of the Japanese one.
You can still play it in English.
Awesome.
Ravis Dolphin, any other thoughts there on Phoenix Riot or gaming in general?
What was the worst game you ever played in your life?
I can tell you mine. It was Deadly Towers for the Nest. That game was horrible.
Worst game I've ever played in my life. Oh my gosh.
Do you remember
Color Dreams?
Which was a company that created these games on the NES that were in those like really colored cartridges.
They made a game called Master Chew and the Drunk Nerd Who.
Where you're basically ghost busting.
It's fucking horrible. What?
Where you're like basically ghost busting. I can't even remember.
I don't even remember. I just remember.
It was bad.
Running this game and being like 10 years old and going like, what a crap.
How about this one? The NES version of X-Men.
Yeah, that was horrible.
That was awful!
Or most people would say...
The Atari 2600 version of Pac-Man.
Oh god.
Or E.T.
E.T. was worse.
Superman 64.
I hate to be trendy here and kind of saying what everybody else says, but honestly, dude,
Wand of Gamelon, Zelda, fucking horrible.
I'm sorry.
I got to play it at Classic Gaming Expo.
It really is that bad.
I'm sorry for you, Sky.
You had to play that.
I had to because I feel like it's like my journalistic responsibility,
you know, I know you're laughing at the term journalist, but I feel like it's my
responsibility to listeners of the show to play that game at least once and see
if it really is as bad as everyone makes it out to be.
It is really that bad and I'm sure you can even download the movies on YouTube
and that doesn't even begin
just because the gameplay itself is horrible. I mean, what was Nintendo thinking
letting these guys just
poop on the Link franchise? These guys literally shit on Link.
Okay, now that you're our guinea pig, go play Big Rigs.
I would rather not. They crapped on Mario to
Mario's Hotel? That was horrible. Oh god, yadda yadda yadda.
Alright, Ravenstaufen, thanks for the question. Actually, there's another game that I thought was
pretty awful. What's that?
Final Fantasy Mystic Quest. I would- I hate you.
I wouldn't put it in worst game ever though, because- It's not worst game ever,
however, it shouldn't have carried the Final Fantasy name because it was way too much of a
child's game. Okay, okay.
It fit the niche that it was designed for, though. It was an entry-level RPG.
Right, but you're right. A, it shouldn't have been Final Fantasy. What I will give that game, though, is that it actually has a pretty kick-ass soundtrack.
Yeah. All things considered. I mean, whoever did... I know it was a female that did the music there, and I think she
came over to... I could be wrong, but I think she made some of the music in XI.
I might be wrong. Don't quote me on that. But it's got a great soundtrack, Final Fantasy Mystic Quest.
You know, now that I think about it, Final Fantasy Mystic Quest would probably have fit in better
had they called it a saga. Not Romancing Saga, but
Saga yeah, that's what I think I because honestly it wasn't ever a Final Fantasy. That's great because all the other saga games are shit
No, they're not. Hey, I can't I don't like the saw games at all. I guess I got friends here, too
Sorry, I got three. I don't yes. I got I'm sorry. We're missing saga too, but I think saga 3 2 yeah
but I
Agree, it was a good entry-level RPG, but honestly it doesn't need to have the Final Fantasy name on it in the u.s
What was the most recent saga game they put out on ps2? Wasn't it like unlimited or something?
Yeah, that game is one of the worst games I've ever played in my life. It's it's awful. No
The remake of romance Raven's Dolphin ping pals
Gee, oh that was horrible boss that I bought a new copy wrong or I mean
I feel sorry cuz I know somebody gave it to me as a gift, but it really is a bad game
Play burnout legends on the DS you'll cry. All right. Anyway, um, I gotta let you go rave this off
We got to keep moving on the show. Thank you so much. This is way too long. All right. Appreciate it buddy
Have a good one. No, he just hung up
Appreciate the call
Alright, let's do one more call. Hi. You're on Orange Lodge radio. Who's this? It's the one and only legend of Zaku
Hi legend of Zaku. What's on your mind, buddy? Um
Coney Island just got supernova last Friday. Um, and it started trickle. It started trickle down on the East Coast from what I'm hearing
So what are your impressions of DDR Supernova after playing it, which I imagine you have?
Um, for one thing, we seem to agree that it might be a beta cab,
because after comparing it to the one in Jersey Gardens, which I happened to play,
which was a location test, there was a lot of differences in it.
First of all, certain songs were coming in very early.
You know, in other words, there was early timing on songs such as You're Not Here.
The pads, you know, were really stiff, obviously, because they're brand new.
besides that you know a lot of things that are just you know just the fact
that uh not really I'm trying to think right now it's just we're not sure if
this is it because you know I this is saying it looks to me like it's the same
build that I played before okay is that good thumbs up thumbs down thumbs middle
it's all it's so and so I just hope Konami's playing that you know I hope
Konami's playing the cards right because if this is the final version god help us
all. Why? Just because of the early timings and stuff? No, it's just because of the fact
that it's really, you know, it's harder to get perfects now, it's harder to get double
A's, because the timing window is really tight now. Well, I thought people were bitching
that DDR was too easy, all the In the Groove fans were bitching it was too easy. No, but
I think they OD'd on the timing window. At first it started to be too loose, and now
it's starting to be too tight. I guess it should have been right there in the middle.
interesting but besides that
well what's the bit what's been the general because I imagine these arcades
are packed what's the general fan consensus that you're picking up are
people happy to see a new DDR game back in arcades
yeah or people bitching on these little nuts
they're not bitching so or so to say they just so
they really don't know what to believe whether or not they their betas are real
and the only we're gonna find that out is the second location in New York City
when it's set up tomorrow
which is in Chinatown.
Well, we'll be eagerly awaiting a forum post letting us know.
Actually, I'm going to link you to one right now.
I'm going to link you to a thread that actually showed
the reaction from New Yorkers about the
supernova setup in Toney Island. And that's in our chat room over at
orangelaunchradio.com. Click on chat. I don't have time to read it right now
because we're trying to do a show,
but I'll check it out later.
Alright, just keep in mind that Konami is just fooling around with the whole
the whole release date thing, so I really don't know what to believe right now.
I don't know whether, as I said, I don't know whether these are betas, or is this the final
thing?
It's up in the air right now.
What else are people playing in New York City besides DDR?
Just hacked in, just stuff like In The Groove and stuff.
You know, regular...
Is that all people do in New York is dance?
Huh?
Is that all people do in New York is dance?
Nah, but they do other things like, you know, in Chinatown they play fighting games, but
you know, they have lives to live as well.
It's something we do on the side.
Zaco, we gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show.
Alright.
Thanks so much for the call.
Okay.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh, I gotta let this call through.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Bandit.
Hi, Bandit.
You know, you won points earlier, so I decided to take one more call, because I saw it was
you.
What's on your mind?
Thanks, yeah.
I appreciate that.
I think he wasn't giving me points anyways.
Jerk.
Alright.
I'll take him.
That's his Wii.
Yeah.
Alright.
What's on your mind, buddy?
He was complaining about the timing window.
The only thing they did differently is they just made the marvelous timing the perfect
timing now.
Supposedly from the post I've been reading, that's all they did.
But I mean Bandit, I asked Zaku this and I'll ask you this, weren't most DDR players that
went over to In the Groove or whatever claiming, and honestly guys just play both and enjoy
both, but weren't people that went over to In the Groove kind of complaining that the
The difficulty was too easy on DDR, which is kind of why they wanted a harder game like
In the Groove.
And now that Konami's went and made the game harder, they're upset.
Well, I've argued with so many people about this.
A lot of people went to ITG just because they thought there weren't going to be a new DDR
coming out.
Then they complained about the difficulty in DDR, or not being hard enough.
It's not because of the grading, it's because of the actual step charts of the song that
I keep getting people complaining to me about.
They're always like, oh, this step chart's not hard enough, or this isn't like this and
that on In the Groove, and they keep comparing it back and forth.
Well, if they got to remember, there wouldn't be any ITG without DDR first.
That's true.
That's true.
There are harder step charts in DDR now, so unless they're triple A-ing everything, I
don't want to hear any complaints.
I don't want to hear any of this stuff again.
Do you live in an area where Supernova is on its way or what?
I live in Pittsburgh.
We didn't get one yet.
It's on its way, though.
Alright.
Well, Bandit, thanks so much for calling in and giving your perspective on Supernova.
I appreciate it.
Alright, man.
Thanks for the points.
Well, no problem.
I'm getting razzed for that in the chat room now because apparently I've ruffled the panties
of DMN and he's a little upset now because I was arguing with him whether he should have
points or not and I should I should just keep my big fat opinion out of it and
let him run his contest. Just keep on leeching points for me ya
bastard. Alright Bandit have a good one. Alright you guys do this then. Alright bye.
Yes I realize DMN does not have to be doing a contest I am very grateful he
already knows that but I still have to give him shit because that's what I do
on this program is I give our chatters shit but know that I do that because I
love you very much last minute stories boys and girls anything final you guys
want to bring up actually I do mm-hmm one of my friends on live journal links
this story on Kotaku it was there's a contest going on through July where if
you buy a copy of Tetris during that a time period and register the cereal at
Club Nintendo you can choose to battle Utada Hikaru or get concert tickets.
There's 30 people will be chosen to play against her and 504 pairs of tickets
will be given out. Now the thing is though is that they there's a video of
her playing and it's actually up on YouTube. She completely owns this guy. She
She plays really really well
You can either see the movie file up on Kotaku or you can check it out do a search on YouTube, but
Yeah, she's really good at Tetris. DMN is putting out a challenge right there. He says I'll fuck up Utada. I
Think that's a Tetris DS challenge in the making right there. Oh sign up. It's on the gauntlet's been thrown down
Utada if you're listening I would love to I would love to play her because
actually the thing I noticed she plays Tetris the same way I do which is you
know build up for the for the four line and it keeps hopping up you just you
know even them out to where you have the full four lines down it down the next
one that's exactly that's exactly how I play Tetris so that would be very fun I
Now that's a girl gamer. Well done. Anything last minute? Anybody else?
Yeah, there was something interesting I should point out. It was pointed out that 99 Nights, one of the things that happens to be on Microsoft's site, I believe, is showing the product info for 99 Nights.
And it's interesting because it says hard drive required.
One of the things that I thought Microsoft was not going to do
with their games is require you to have a hard drive. And such an anticipated
game too, ouch. So all of those
out there that don't have a hard drive, you're kind of fucked.
Unless this pans out to be just a mistake or something, but that's pretty...
Well they had that one, was it Football Manager or something like that that required the hard drive.
I'm thinking this is the way they're going why they're releasing the 256 megabyte card then is beyond me
Just lower the price of the hard drive or release a larger hard drive
I don't know, but it has hard drive required and hard drive enhanced as two of the things on there
So I thought that was interesting
Who knows
Interesting anything else last minute you guys
No
There is another thing also I had Genesis collection is coming to PlayStation 2 and the PSP
It's gonna have a collection of old Genesis games 28 of them and with the additional three being unlocked
Including shinobi to Sonic the Hedgehog golden axe 1 2 & 3 virtual fighter 2 altered beast
echo the dolphin and fancy star
rise from your grave
Alright, well
then I guess that's gonna do it for tonight's show. We're just about wrapped up here, but
we want to go around first and get everybody's final thought. It's been a long
second half tonight, but that's alright. It's our birthday. We can go long if we want.
Loki, I'm sorry, actually Magus, I'll start with you. Thank you very much for being
here tonight and contributing.
I know you've been a listener of the show since, when did you start listening?
Almost episode 3. June 03, actually, yeah, episode 3.
Wow, that's hardcore. So thank you. I wasn't even here for episode 3.
Thank you very much. I was sleeping in the Harry Potter closet.
Thank you very much for your support of Orange Entredu over the years and
glad to see your local and can drop by once in a while.
Final thought? I got sex appeal because I dual wield.
Nerd. Loki, your final thought? I want to play this game Cinco no Ronde
for the 360. It looks like Einhander. And my final thought is
head hurts must run ice cube ice cube shampoo would be great right now for my
sunburned head
for those you guys listening my if you in party I dark soccer your final
thought
reject false icons and give me a taco and that's gonna do it for this week's
orange lounge radio will see you back next week remember live listeners will
not be taping live
podcast listeners you will have a new episode next week
I may only be one part though depending on how much news there is next week
I but due to other commitments that I have
as well as I'm sure commitments Loki and Dark Soccer are going to be making with
time off
we're going to be pre-recording this next couple weeks of shows but thank you guys
very much for your support pre-recorded or not have a great week we'll see you
next time
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production
For more information on our live and podcast program
visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com
See you next week!
