Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
welcome back to orange lounge radio episode number 185 thank you guys so
much for downloading our podcast or tuning in live whatever the case may be
and checking us out if you ever do want to listen to us live we do tape every
sunday night over at www.orangeloungeradio.com you can also hear a bonus segment when
you listen live at allgames.com they rebroadcast our shows monday night at
7 pacific and I want to say it comes up a couple times on tuesday as well during
the day so check out the schedule over there on allgames.com for more
information on that. Meanwhile let's get back into the gaming news. We're going to
start off with news on a anticipated Xbox peripheral, right Loki? Yes, the Xbox
Live Vision camera. Major Nelson has announced that it's going to be coming to both the
European and North American markets on the 19th of September and of course this
also ties in with the upcoming update which will add more functionality to the
for the camera on live. Supposedly you're going to be able to actually use the pictures
that you take as gamer tags. So that's kind of neat. You can use the pictures on there
instead of what they have. Which also opens it up for a lot of really naughty things on
there. And of course if you have UNO right now you can also use it in that. And one of
the bundles that actually has been rumored out there is they're going to be bundling
UNO with the camera so it's kind of neat.
I like that some of the game blogs have been kind of bringing up the point
what the hell are you going to do with a camera in UNO? I mean
look at my ugly face while I play UNO. I mean what...
Well there's nothing to it. You're talking about one of the people testing the camera right now and what
they did is they put it on their dog. So you see their dog panting just going
heh, heh, heh, heh. I think that's great
because I mean I don't know
They had some like this, they had the itoy chat, but it's a game, you had to buy it,
and that was lame.
I think they should have totally done this before a lot of this stuff.
What I want to know, how many games of Strip Uno are we going to see, because that's really
the only practical use of this peripheral that I can think of is Strip Uno, you know,
and voice-chatting.
Does it do voice-chatting?
Yeah, you can use voice-chat, and you can do video chat and stuff.
Well, that might be kind of cool, because you might hear when you get a draw for a while
to get some...
So people...
Fuck you!
People can actually do, imagine if you will, over live, you could have video phone sex.
If you ever wanted to show your naughty bits to strangers, here you go, because you know
you can find...
But please, 18 and over only, how are they going to stop slutty 17 year olds from doing
this?
I don't want to see that.
you know I don't really want to know how they're going to try to stop them but that's still
going to make for a more interesting game and it's like ah I'm quitting I guess they'll
get warned I guess they figure the community will police itself it's like you know they're
going to use the peripheral to be able to map your face on characters like say for example
playing multiplayer Rainbow Six Vegas or whatever oh look he has a penis for a head that's interesting
exactly how many boobs are you going to be playing against literally going to the chat
chat room over at orangelaunchvideo.com, click on chat, Guinness Goblin says we strip Uno,
fat naked gamers, Amplitude One says strip Monopoly, I think, over in the chat room there,
well they are coming out with poker later, so we'll see, alright, also that's not the
only peripheral that's coming out for the Xbox 360, there's apparently a mole within
the uh... microsoft organization that has some news on other things that are
coming out and this all makes sense
uh... new face plates with halo forza 2 and viva pinata are gonna be on their
way out
a wireless headset is coming out but as far as i know
i was listening to another podcast i want to say it was all games interactive
where they bought
scott for his birthday a headset that was wireless so this must be the
official
microsoft headsets coming out but you can already get a non-official one
They have some pretty cool looking ones that are out right now, but the new wireless one
is kinda nifty looking. It's like, I don't really know how to describe it.
Do you really need a wireless headset though? I mean, maybe for DDR.
Again, I don't talk to people when I play DDR. They'd hear me going,
heh, heh, heh, heh. I think it would be nice to have one, just
maybe just to see if, you know, the wireless headset is any better than the normal
headset, because
the normal headset kinda sucks. A wireless gaming receiver is coming out too for twenty
bucks. I wonder, does that mean like a router?
No, that receiver is actually for your PC, it's going to plug into the USB, it's so you can use your wireless controllers and peripherals with your PC.
Oh, okay. Oh, that's kind of neat. I like that.
And a 256 megabyte memory unit for those of you that are actually using memory units. All three of you.
Just spend the extra money and buy a hard drive. Seriously?
Seriously.
Loki, some controversy in the Xbox 360 community, yes?
Yes, yes, Peter Moore said something retarded, basically gamers don't care about backwards
compatibility.
And he says nobody is concerned about backwards compatibility.
We under promised and over delivered on that, which if I remember correctly, no they didn't.
And it's a very complicated thing, very complex work, I'm just stunned that we have hundreds
of games that are backwards compatible.
He also added, um, more are coming but at some point you just go, there's enough, let's
move on.
Or people aren't as worried about game being backwards compatible.
And I like to think that we've upheld our end of the bargain in making at least two
or maybe three hundred games backwards compatible.
No, I actually believe you said you were going to make them all backwards compatible, so
wouldn't that be
upholding your end of the
bargain there at all.
And
you know what?
That's pretty poor that they don't have all the games backwards compatible because
other systems can do it.
PlayStation 2 had no trouble doing it and
you know I understand that they are emulating,
you know, granted another
graphics card set or whatever but
who cares, that's your problem not mine. That's right, it's your problem for doing that.
and I you know what PlayStation 3 here's one good thing at least I can say about
PlayStation 3 if it truly is
backwards compatible with all PlayStation 2 and 1 games that's a huge
bonus and now what about the people now that say why do you buy a new console to
play all your old games on what would be a response
to people that are saying that? Well for example when you have one game coming
out in the month and you may not want that game
you know what it's nice to be able to buy some older games also drives more game
sales because now there's more games you can play instead of
you know, maybe the thirty or forty that are out right now, you can go and play
three hundred.
And for those that may have limited shelf space too. Exactly.
And also you bought a new system, you know, maybe you sold your Xbox, maybe it took
you know, a
dump and just like basically you know, failed on you.
And now you have a new system and you want to be able to, or for example, you know, what
they should have done since, you know, PlayStation 2 is backwards compatible with all the
PlayStation 1 titles.
Say, for example, you have an Xbox game that comes out and you want to play it, you know,
and that might not be on the 360, like, say, for example, The Godfather, because the 360
version hasn't come out yet, and maybe you want to play that game, oh, well, you can't,
because it's not backwards compatible.
I don't know.
Granted, there is a point, you know, where you just have to say, you know, forget it,
but I, I don't know, unless they make a portable system that plays the old Xbox games or something
like that, you know, you never know.
Moving on, on a related note, there is a backwards compatibility update coming in the next couple
weeks to Xbox Live.
It is actually coming out, this was announced on the Gamerscore blog, somebody from the
Microsoft team said that there is a backwards compatibility update coming out within the
next few weeks, quote unquote, but at the same time, I seem to recall hearing that that
download things in the background patch was coming out last week and that didn't happen,
So I would imagine it's possible that the backwards compatibility thing will be pushed
back.
No word on what games are going to be backwards compatible.
So we don't know.
I don't know if you're going to get your beach volleyball yet, or you need your guide.
Well that's the thing that's really sad is all these updates have come out.
We had one that added most of the Tom Clancy games.
We had another one that added three other games.
What happened to updates every month?
What the hell?
I mean, that's pretty sad.
I feel sorry for the backwards compatibility team, because it feels like we're picking
on them a little bit, but probably they're just under, like, uh, they probably got under
budgeted or whatever.
They're probably working their butts off, they just don't have the resources to do it.
It is not their fault.
I'm just saying, you know, don't promise that you're going to have updates every month.
Don't promise that you're going to have all the games backwards compatible, if you're
not going to do it.
Say, we're going to support the major titles, and that's it.
More and more will be coming, you know, as the year progresses.
That's what you need to do instead of saying, yeah, all the games are going to be backwards
compatible and because basically you're lying you know it's like buying say if I
went out to buy a car right now and they promised me that that car is gonna fly
okay eventually well that's a blatant lie I mean granted technology may come
out that may allow my car to fly one of these days but uh if that's not
something that you're currently working on doing or you know have no plans on
doing, then don't fucking promise it. Simple as that.
Moving on, Loki has some further news from Microsoft. Well, kinda. This is more a rumor
department, but this is a rumor that keeps coming up in regards to Microsoft, isn't it?
Yeah, we talked about it a while back. I don't remember what podcast it was on, but anyways.
there's a group, the diffusion group, that's saying that Microsoft is planning on launching
a portable game system in the market in 2008. And basically they're giving the 360 some
time to pick up steam. Possibly, I wouldn't see why they wouldn't. I mean, cause that's
a market that, you know granted Nintendo's doing pretty good in, Sony's doing okay in,
they're not really I mean it's not anything that's you know totally
dominating the market they don't have any you know must-have games people
aren't going out there and just dying to get a PSP because of X game on there so
sure why not I don't know now wait a minute I said I know what show it was on
that you talked about this for was right before III because you brought some
story in from a business magazine saying X player or something what happened with
That's what I think that they were talking about.
It's the same thing.
It's some team that they had working on,
developed the 360 or something that was working on this.
And I wish I had that magazine,
but I threw it out a while ago,
so we'd have to dig through the podcast
to find exactly what I said.
But that's basically it, yeah.
They're working on something.
If anything, you'll probably see it at E3
or next year or the year after that.
Interesting.
Be a very interesting move by Microsoft.
Alright, let's get away from Microsoft for a little bit. Well, actually, this is a game
that you can play on the 360 among other systems. DarkSakura has a little bit of news on Final
Fantasy XI. Yes?
Yep. We all like our chocobos, right?
Mm-hmm.
They're tasty.
Stop it.
They go good with honey sauce. Oh, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, fine.
Squeenix is talking about raising your birds. Yep. On the official site, they basically
we're comparing chocobo raising to gardening something that would require a
little bit of your time for one to three months you begin by finding an egg
actually that sort of makes me think of Ragnarok you know you find your egg and
then you have to but this in this way though you care for your egg by spending
you know by helping it hatch you use certain items to help it and then you
feed it and you spend time with it and you raise your baby chocobo and you name
your chocobo and apparently you'll just be able to do all kinds of stuff with
your chocobo that I'm not at liberty to discuss because it sounds kind of
strange but you can apparently breed your chocobos with your you don't sleep
with it do you because that's really gross imagine like living in your
going, Mommy!
Work, work!
But it should be coming up on the next update.
Interesting. Now I believe I was reading something about it, you have to check it every day.
Yeah.
So this is just a way to suck you into the game.
You know, play me every day and get something cute.
Addict, addict, addict, addict.
Although I did also read something that there will be a way where you can get, like if you're going on vacation or whatever,
somebody can babysit your chocobo.
Yeah, like a chocobo sitter.
Sitter. They should have the Chocobo Kennel. But it costs money. Like on, remember, on um. Oh, Nintendogs. What was it? Neopets. Oh. How you could, you know, if your animals were all dying, you could just like, you know, put them in the kennel. Mmm. We're all fed! You don't have to take care of them. While also thinking of Nintendogs. You could put your, uh, dogs that you didn't want anymore. You could take them to the kennel. Yeah. Or they could be put down. That's the pound. They'll put them down if you leave them there for too long. That's a scene in Nintendogs. Mine all ran away. That's a scene in Nintendogs.
and ten dogs that we needed. And ten dogs where your puppy gets, you know, rabies. Gotta
put him down, son. Alright, Paul, let me do it! Moving on, Loki, you have some news about
another very popular RPG. Yeah, Oblivion's getting yet another add-on, which is excellent.
The new add-on is basically a quest that revolves around finding a powerful mage who has set off in search of the Daedric artifact, Mephruun's Razor.
And basically the razor has the ability to instantly kill enemies and the mage intends to use it to overthrow the empire.
It's up to you to make sure that you find it first so it doesn't fall into the wrong
hands.
Basically this download is going to be the most expensive download yet coming in at $2.99
for the PC users.
No price yet on the Xbox Live Marketplace but it's assumed to be about the same.
It's supposed to give you a massive, massive dungeon to be able to go through as well as
adding 17 new magic items and a ton of new books.
And also, might add though, if you do happen to find the item, you get to keep it.
So it's a death to everybody!
Alright, going to another very popular, this one an MMO, World of Warcraft.
I don't actually have a lot of news about the actual game itself, but there is a trading
card game that's coming out, they're going to do a card game, it's actually Upper Deck
that's doing it, they're doing a game based on World of Warcraft.
So the cool thing about doing the card game is that now since the video game has been
out a little while, they can make some references in the card game from the computer game phenomenon
in the community.
And of course one of those things is Leroy Jenkins, and Leroy Jenkins is getting his
own card.
And just to further cool this off, coolify, I don't know how to say it, the Gabe of Penny
Arcade did the artwork.
actually I can show I know this doesn't make for very good radio but I can show
you guys here in studio and I'll post this in chat a picture
what the card looks like and if you look at the card you can actually see it
looks like you know the warrior he's got the big sword and he's foaming at the
mouth like ready to go into battle because if you know the story of Leroy
Jenkins it kind of fits so that's pretty funny so that's just kind of neat to
show that the whole like cyber cult culture can kind of you know get into
the game there so breaking down that fourth wall all right anyway um speaking
of breaking down the fourth wall we let you do that here on our program don't we
dark Sakura in such an amazingly fantastic way yes we love being
interactive and one of the ways we get you guys to participate in our program
is we welcome your emails and you can email us on just about anything mailbag
at orange lounge radio comm is the place to send those emails and once a week
Jamie puts on her hazmat suit and dives in the mailbag and pulls out some of her favorites that hopefully do not have anthrax in
them
Let's hope not this time. I don't need any more disease
All right who emailed us this week first one is Mac man from DreamStation CC. I know what's coming. Yeah
Apple runs Microsoft on their computers. We all have Microsoft programs on our Macs even your goddamn games. Oh
Oh, and for only print media thing, iLife, iMovie, iDVD, iTunes, GarageBand, and iPhoto,
where is your god now?
The sign by MacMan, I who have superb taste in computers, unlike Loki, he the one.
Okay, so they have programs to do the same things that PCs do, but they're not better
than PCs.
Can't we all just get along?
I mean seriously, this fucking debate's been going on for like six months.
It's done.
Hey!
It's alright.
It's okay.
I understand, okay, maybe Macs don't have as many games.
it doesn't matter Mac users don't like games so that's that's fine
I'm getting a Mac and I like games
but the magazine said
buy and use whatever makes you happy
there you go it's your money, spend it on whatever you want
and I bought an iBook and I love it and Loki you can just
if you don't like that you can kiss my butt
I want a Macbook with a docking station and a new monitor instead of an iMac
And there's better ones coming out.
But anyway, let's...
Macbook is hot.
I know.
Let's keep it moving.
Okay.
Um, got a message from David.
Um, I found this thing on Google Video by accident.
It's a video of a group of people who put together a play of the first level of the
original Mario Brothers.
The music was a little off-timing at some parts, but I thought it was pretty funny.
It'd also be pretty awesome if you guys could do a Flash website for the PSP.
I'm working on it.
I think the problem with Flash on the PSP right now is it's slow.
It's only Flash 2.0.
Yeah, it's slow.
Which I don't really know... I started working with Flash 8, so...
Urge Sony to get their Flash a little better, and then we'll look into it.
I planned on playing with it, but honestly I don't know too much about the older versions of Flash to make it work right now.
We'll have to do a Wii website when it comes out, because they have Opera in it.
It supports Opera 9, which is the newest Opera browser right now.
Make sure you'll get E3 on Wii!
We'll see. Yeah, E3 and PSP, I don't know if I'll want to do that next year. We'll see, we'll see.
Um, I also got one from Roble. It says, cue the 8-bit sound effects.
He linked me a story that's talking about, and this is on Wired News.
Strap up and jump like Mario.
The Nintendo amusement park is by the same group of New York University students who did
The pack Manhattan they were well actually is in the the same big games class
The pack Manhattan was a recreation of pac-man using the streets of New York with like Central Park being in the ghost area
But now they're doing an amusement park where you strap yourselves in and basically you jump through a recreation of the first level Super Mario Brothers
brothers with hooks and everything is because Mario can jump four times the normal you know
height of a person you get to jump four times the normal height and you get to stomp on
things and run over them but the article is on wirednews.com I'll link it in the chat
room anyone else is going to have to hunt it down but it's pretty cool it looks like
it's fun actually the author here said that the game just a quote here the game is a lot
fun and a serious workout while I wasn't in physical pain it felt like I had run
a couple of miles so it actually looks like it's pretty good they're talking
about how to basically do video game physics in real life and I thought it
was a pretty cool application it's a little silly but whatever well no I
think we can all get a little silly some I think it's a pretty fun idea and like
the thing that they said was gonna be at e3 next year which wasn't quite as cool
so um to the next email I got one another one from actually no that's the
same one got one from spoon as opposed to fork it's three O's okay so hi I've
been listening to your podcast for about four months and it's good stuff good to
hear the different takes and the fact one of you he shall remain unnamed
hates Max so much.
He's supposed to be
unnamed. I named him.
Max and Nintendo
go hand in hand, build
a machine that can do what it's set out
for correctly. Nintendo equals gameplay.
Max equals work.
I wanted to share with you another
podcast. Loki just bites your tongue.
He actually just linked us to another
podcast that talks about DDR. It's called
AskANinja.com. Oh, I've
heard of Ask A Ninja. They're really popular.
It's actually I think they're a video cast actually so they are and it's awesome is that I didn't see the DDR episode
Oh, I haven't seen that either, but I I don't know. I always said that if we ever like, you know
There was ever a new video game channel that they would have to put them in as like a segment
How much does it cost to start a TV channel? We should start one. Somebody would give us a loan, right?
Um, no, all right
I'll be you can sell ads or something if you don't want to be on it
I'll be Ninja Sakura.
Ask a Ninja, there you go. Ask a female Ninja.
Ask a Kunoichi.
Alright, anyway.
So we got one on our MySpace from Sergo.
I guess that's pronounced.
Hello there OrangeLunchRadio, how are you doing on this fine Friday afternoon?
Huh, two days late.
I'm doing just fine, thank you.
I sent you this message to ask if you three would honor me on your input on Luminesce Mobile.
I have the game and I absolutely am in love with it.
many fans out there do not even
i guess no of this game, he missed the word no
of this game's existence
which makes me sad this is also a chance for many out there who do not own a PSP
to finally experience the genius of this game
thank you for taking the time to read this and keep kicking ass
those of you that listen to the show know i am not a big fan of mobile gaming
but i am a huge fan of luminous i'll check it out i don't know if my carrier
offers it though i have sprint
who's kinda like the black sheep of the cell phone carrier so i don't even know if they
have luminous but I'll check it out if it's out there. I didn't even know my game can
play phones or play it and play games. Your phone can play games? Yeah there's a little
dyslexic there. I don't know if my phone can, I imagine it can but I haven't tried because
you know god knows how expensive that would be to download it. I'll check your ear and
x-ray cause I'm serious. I saw a review on it and the guy that reviewed it said he liked
it and that it, I mean it looked very similar. The only thing they didn't like is that the
music's not like mp3 it's no bleep bleep can't be yeah yeah it's also it's MIDI
and yeah it's not very midi-tastic alrighty I got one more email actually I
got this to my own box jamie at orange house radio calm okay I'm just gonna
paraphrase this a little bit but um it's a from a guy named Chris over who is a
contributor to weebl stuff calm who was our website of the week last week as I
I was going to say, that was two weeks ago, right?
Two weeks ago, yeah.
That's your website of the week, yeah.
Yep.
Wow, so somebody heard it.
Apparently, he listens to our podcast, is a big fan.
In fact, he says on here that it seems none of the other guys on the staff listens to
OLR to their great detriment, of course, I thought I should say a big thanks for giving
us a plug.
I've been a fan of OLR for a long time now, and I've got to say you guys are consistently
among the best independent gaming podcasts.
I appreciate that you bothered to mention UK, European games news and release dates.
I sometimes suspect you guys are the only American games media outlet who are even aware
of this little continent's existence.
I had replied back though, I'm actually not reading my own email, but basically I don't
think that with a lot of the content now coming out of the US and a bit out of Japan, at least
for the more niche market, I really think that the rest of the world sort of gets overlooked.
Gamers are everywhere.
We got our person from Serbia who e-mailed us. I thought it was great.
Right.
You know, I want to make sure that because we have listeners everywhere that, you know,
it's not just United States. It's everywhere. We have listeners in Canada. We have listeners
in Japan. We have listeners in China. I found that out.
Wow. Cool.
We have listeners all over Europe, UK, we want to make sure that you're a gamer too,
we want your voice heard just as well, we want to get you the news, if it's happening
in your area of the world, if we don't know about it, let us know, we'll mention it.
I know one of our listeners started a Frapper map a while back, we want to see where you
you guys are so please take a minute to stop by its frappr.com and then just search for
Orange Lounge and put a pin on the map so we can see where our listeners are cause that's
kind of cool like it's just kind of neat knowing where all you guys are.
I would really like.
Even if you're in the US cause it maps that too.
I would really like though for our listeners to I'd like to have a thread on our forums
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com go to the forums link on the left side of the page.
Let us know where you're from let us know where you're listening from you know it'd
It'd be really cool just to put, you know, names.
You know, we don't want to think of, you know, just statistics, you know.
Because all we see are numbers when we look at our stat pages, we want to know who you
are, you know, why you listen to us, you know.
I love hearing from our listeners everywhere.
I think it's fantastic.
All right.
You say that was last one?
That was last one.
I saved the last one for last.
All right.
That's the way to do it.
All right.
You can ask us whatever, and as long as it's clean, we'll answer it during the show.
Thanks a lot, those of you who email us.
And if it's dirty, I'll save it.
Alright, she'll bookmark it.
Loki, back into some news, some more Sony antics.
I swear to God, in the last few days, if this guy David Reeves says anything, it's always
something retarded and crazy.
This one though, I'm not hating on Sony, but he's the one that's saying it. Basically,
his quote is this. Market share? Not that important. Who needs market share? Consoles
don't need market share. Anyways, the name of the game is not market share. It's how
fast we can grow the industry. Our ambition is to grow 15% a year on hardware and software
if we can, we want to try and double digital entertainment in the next 5-6 years whether
we have 40-50 or 60% of the market share that's not that important. Well, here's a little
thing to kind of be scared about, what he said here. They want to double the digital
entertainment world. They didn't say game world, they said digital entertainment. So
what do you think the focus of the PS3 is going to be? It's sure as hell not games,
It's that stupid Blu-ray drive.
They want to push the next gen thing because, you know what, imagine if you will, they're
the ones that come up with the technology for Blu-ray, they want, or like DVDs, if they
had been the pioneers of DVDs and stuff, they want to make all the money they can off their
stupid format.
So I don't know.
I think it's kind of scary that he's saying that, but in the same respect, I think that
40, 50, and 60 percent of the market share is a bit ambitious seeing as your console
costs $600.
Let's try to concentrate on getting some market share before you concentrate on getting more
than Xbox or Nintendo.
I don't know.
I find the whole story just a little odd.
It's just an odd thing to say.
Well, this is the same guy.
He was saying that, you know, who cares?
gamers will just have to pay more for their system because you'll buy whatever it is.
Even if the system didn't come out with games, you'll buy it because it's Sony.
This is the same jackass that said that.
What they need to do is shut him up because he's seeing really stupid stuff.
Moving on to more Sony related news, there's a new controller coming out for the PlayStation
2 and PC.
It's a tilt controller.
It's the E-Dimensional G-Pad Pro Gyroscopic Game Pad, and it has tilt-sensing technology,
and it's the same thing that the PlayStation 3 has.
It's coming out for the PC and the PlayStation 2.
By the way, though, it also has rumble, but didn't Sony say...
Now, Sony's not putting this out, but didn't Sony say that they can't do rumble in the
tilt thing because it'll mess it up?
Apparently not true, according to the folks behind the G-Pad Gyroscopic Game Pad, so obviously
this is just a lawsuit related issue here so very interesting. Of course I don't know
what the point is for this coming out. PC I could see but PlayStation 2 games don't
really support it so you'd have to kind of use the feature in other games. I don't know
you'd have to you know add the feature on to other games. It just doesn't make sense
really. I think it might have a use on the PC where it can be easily thrown into flight
simulators and types of genres that are more popular on the PC, but I don't know so much
about PS2, that's kind of weird.
DarkSakura, we had a letter in the mailbag about a mobile game, you have some news that
kind of affects another one?
I sure do.
Dirge of Cerberus for mobile is actually called Dirge of Cerberus Lost Episode, which is one
of the Final Fantasy 7 titles coming out, and it's going to be on Amped Mobile for three
months starting in the summer actually there's no word on if it's going to be
out for the for the UK but it's at least we're gonna get it in the summer for a
little bit I'm probably not going to play it I mean it's a mobile game I'm
not really big on the mobile games the only reason I would even consider
getting it is because I was a major Vincent fan girl but other than that no
You know, I played through Final Fantasy 7 and I never even got Vincent.
What a loss. I actually got him without using an FAQ or anything.
Well, you know, in Final Fantasy, because I played Final Fantasy 7 when it first came out, you know,
as you guys, I'm an older gamer, so there wasn't really the whole gamefaqs.com didn't really exist then.
I found him by accident and just randomly asked the right questions.
I also got Yuffie right the first time.
Wait, no, no, no. Yuffie's the one you asked the questions to. Vincent wasn't safe.
Vincent you still had to do well I never got see I never did the safe you have to
answer the right thing from see I never figured out the safe but so I got both
both Yuffie and Vincent that's funny Yuffie I figured out just through trial
and error she showed up once you keep stealing your crap yeah and I kept
running around that same forest like until she finally joined my damn party
but I asked I somehow or the other managed to ask the right questions the
first time hmm all right Loki has some news about the way items are packaged
Yeah, I hate this. I just read it blister packaging. You gotta love it
It basically if you don't know what that is, if you've ever seen anything, especially nowadays any game peripheral or anything out there
It's that hard packaging that is goddamn impossible to open without killing yourself
I mean, I know for a fact trying to open the Xbox 360 accessories and stuff. I that stuff's like glass
It's really scary, but I'm actually it's funny because wired news did a little
article here called tales from packaging hell and basically
The whole thing behind the packaging is that you know, it's meant to avoid
You know obviously theft but a lot of people have like really gotten hurt by this and they have some pictures actually of you know
people with
Major gashes on their hands and just you know people being sent to the hospital
You know this one guy
George from was it George looks like Monroe from Atlanta
Sliced his hand open and there's a that's about an inch long gash
I mean, that's some serious like cry I've damn near killed myself on that packaging. I mean, it's it's why
It doesn't pop open.
I mean, granted, people can't steal the stuff out of it.
Okay, that's great.
But you know what?
Normal packaging can do the same thing.
When it takes me like 10 minutes, I really, you can't use scissors, because scissors aren't
sharp enough to get through this, so you have to use a knife, and you have to stab it in
there, and the knife, most of the time, if it's relatively dull or if it's not as sharp
as it can be, it'll slip, and it'll cut yourself the knife.
Even if you manage to do get it open, the edges are really sharp and jaggedy, and it's
like cutting open glass, and basically, I don't know, a lot of people go to the hospital
because of this stuff, and I wouldn't doubt it, I mean, it's just, it's scary stuff.
Alright, that packaging makes me angry, I don't know about you, but it makes me angry
and it makes me want to rant, doesn't it make you want to rant, DarkSakura?
Can't you put stuff in boxes like they used to?
mean seriously cardboard boxes just as effective you know low-key get past it
I'm trying to get to the next segment
the FUs of the week time dark Sakura start us off my FU of the week goes
toward it's a number of people who have it's actually a misconception I'm gonna
put my F.U. of the week toward you know like I've said at the beginning of the
last segment I was diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome which is why I
was really sick with what I call the plague in November and December and have
been you know consistently not feeling well there's people who say oh well
you'll be just fine when you get back from your medical need no that's not how
it works it's just it's something that a lot of people think is either an all in
your head sort of thing you know or something that you can just fix with a
drug or something that if you just sleep a lot you'll get over it but the whole
thing about is that no matter how much sleep you get you still feel tired you
feel like you haven't slept you go through phases of being really hungry
and then not being hungry at all and nothing you will ever make you feel
satisfied if you're in one of those phases you feel like your muscles hurt all the time
and for anyone who thinks that it's just an all in your head type of thing fuck you okay
you know it's it's a fully diagnosed thing it's something that they you know you have
to rule out physical factors before they diagnose you with it but taking a nap doesn't help you know
i've been sleeping for upwards of 10 hours a day you know while i've been on my medical leave and
it still hasn't helped hardly any I get to learn how to give myself shots on
Wednesday though which is not fun but yeah so for anyone who thinks that it's
you know an all in your head sort of thing and that you know a little rest
or some vitamins will you know help you get over it it may help but it's not the
cure so stop telling me that I'll feel better when my leave is up because I
don't think I will.
Mokey. Couple things. First off, fuck you to Christopher for the smell that's coming from his desk, and I'm gonna guess it's from these three empty McFlurry containers which are probably rotting right now.
That's a really nasty, like, rotten milk smell that's... ugh. Anyways, so fuck you to that.
Fucking the stupid people that are in my apartment complex who are parking their car in the middle of the parking lot
Just basically just in the middle because they're talking to a friend or something like that
I fucking hate people that do that shit
Get out of your goddamn car or park it if you need to talk to somebody
Or you know what, do what everybody else does, talk on your damn cell phone
I'm sure whatever you're telling them is not that important and you do not need to be blocking my path
So, fuck you
And then finally, I don't know, I'm just talking to you and being hungry, oh, and fucking needles, because every time I get poked with a needle by a doctor, I almost pass out.
You know, it's not necessarily medication or something, but my body goes into shock whenever I have a needle.
No tattoos for loci.
So yeah, that sucks.
My F.U. goes to this humongous zit that's on my face right now that won't go away no matter what I put on it
Because it makes me feel really ugly and sad
No matter what I put on it part
Because it makes me feel ugly and sad and makes me not want to be social
Because I feel... I feel ugly
That it'll go away
And then I'll be pretty again
Alright, anyway, let's move on to another story
Story, Loki, it's all you.
I'm wondering if this shouldn't have been before the FUs, but anyways, higher prices
for games for the Playstation 3 and the Wii are confirmed by Atari.
And actually Atari is the distributor for Sega in some parts of Europe, so it's basically
some of the Sega games.
Sonic the Hedgehog on the PS3 for example is going to cost 67.99 euros while some of
the games like World Snooker Championship 2007 will be 73.99 euros.
And basically on the Wii, Sonic Wildfire and Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz will both be
be available for 59.99 euros and it's a lot more than what we've got to pay for them.
Sorry.
Damn, Texas.
All right.
Microsoft made a pretty interesting statement this week.
It was Chris Lewis who works for Microsoft was speaking about Sony's online service
saying I'm flattered that they followed our clear direction.
Plagiarism is a good thing.
That in itself isn't such a problem.
That's what the market wants, but we've known that's what the market wanted all along.
So that, by the way, was in an interview with Eurogamer.
So Microsoft kind of taking a swing there that PlayStation 3 is just downright copying
them.
Interesting.
But again, you know, you kind of expect that you're going to get copied in some elements,
but whatever.
Loki, you have some news about Wii web browsing.
Yes.
Opera, of course, as everybody knows, is going to be the web browser on the Wii.
And they've actually released some information of what this is going to support and some
of the details on it.
First off, Opera will be embedded on the Wii's Flash ROM, unlike the DS version which is
actually a cart based operating system.
The browser will or may take advantage of some of the gesture based navigation interaction
that's available with the Wii controller, so that would be kind of interesting.
And no advertisements will be included within the browser, however, you shouldn't rule out
that there won't be in-game advertising delivered via Opera.
But I think that's pretty interesting.
Another thing that someone's bringing up about the Dreamcast browser is that they had special
features for, like when you're programming web pages, you can actually make the Dreamcast
VMU rumble or display things.
I think that'd be really cool if they added that kind of to the Wii browser where you
can make the controller rumbler special tags or something to use the Wii controller. Something
to think about. That's a little weird. And it's also basically going to be compatible
with Opera 9 which is the one that's out currently right now. So it is supposed to support most
everything including Java so like they said in the interview here it looks like it's based
on Opera 9 for devices, and it will include the latest technology, including AJAX.
Hmm. Cool. Alrighty. Dark Sakura. Something we've had here for a long time, but it's coming
out to Japan. This is a little backwards from what it usually is.
Actually, yeah, there's going to be game rentals in Japan. It actually started on the third.
Basically Koei will put out its first rent-a-net video store at the Taito Game Center in Kanagawa.
Basically it's not, there's not any real rental franchises like we have here, not like Blockbuster
or anything, so this is a very, very new thing there.
New games will basically rent for 2,800 yen, which is 2,450 over here for five days.
then you bring them back $24 that's expensive everything is more expensive in
Japan all right I just want to say real quick I had to correct something I said
earlier funny Dale actually in chat room corrected me on something I said about
game facts wasn't around when Final Fantasy 7 it actually started in 1995 so
they actually were around it's just not a lot of people knew about them including
me but certainly they weren't you know the site they are now then it's been a
long time. I actually use them for Super Nintendo stuff back in the day. That's crazy. I used
eBay when they first came out, but back when they were, well not back when they were PEZ
dispensers, but just after that, before they got all commercialized, I bought Super Metroid
on eBay like in 97. So, anyway, websites were different back then, because browsers weren't
the same. Anyway, one more story here guys, and we're going to go to our Skype line over
at orangelaunchradio.com, click on and interact with us, Loki, what's up?
Yes, a British, what was it, the SCI, some British publication was saying that they're
going to be extending Eidos's licenses for Hitman and Tomb Raider to the gambling franchises,
including online and, I don't know, you're basically going to see some video slot machines
based on both Lara Croft and Agent 47 and yeah I guess that's interesting. You should
know though that they're still going to steal your money just as well as all the other video
slot machines out there so yeah. Unfortunately no boobies in the slot machines either. Sorry.
Alright. I don't know I can't get too excited about slot machines because I personally hate
those video slot machines, I think that they're a big waste of money, especially the nickel
ones.
It's just, you have to put more nickels in, that's all, you know, instead of quarters.
You know, more of the same, whatever.
Alright.
We're going to go head on over to our Skype line if you guys want to call in and talk
about anything.
It's www.orangelogister.com, click on interact with us, or you can give us a call, 916-226-9067,
and that phone number is open during the entire week.
just so you know, that isn't a toll-free number. You may have to ask your parents'
permission or whoever owns the phone line before you call.
And we're getting a phone call right now, let's go to our first call tonight. Hello,
you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello. Hi, who's this? This is Nintendo Maniac 64.
Hello, Nintendo Maniac 64. You're a little quiet, but what's on your mind?
Oh, well, it's probably because I'm actually using my regular phone. I don't know, my mic jack died on my laptop.
That's weird. Well, get out your thoughts anyway. Okay, anyway,
Okay, I have an announcement to make. Let me see if I can load up my test. Okay, here we go.
From Game 7 to 10, I'm going to be in New York City. Since we're getting an art award for this archery season,
I'll be at the Nintendo World Store on Friday at 11 AM. So, if you're looking for something out there,
me if you want. You know what's with me? I'll be wearing that pancake bling. I'll be wearing
a shirt with that. I have a topic here on the forum. More details. I'll get you a small
link for it. xrl.us slash nz5. That's it. And I can also put it in chat if you want.
I think I heard about half of that because of the connection we have here.
Let me get this right.
You said you're going to be at the Nintendo store on Friday and you want to meet other
listeners of the show or something?
Sure.
At like 11 a.m.
At 11 a.m.
And what are you going to be wearing?
I'm going to be wearing a shirt with the pancake bunny on.
Oh, Oolong.
Oh, Oolong the pancake bunny.
Okay, yeah.
Poor dead bunny.
Dude, that guy rocks.
Then just in case if somebody missed it, it's xrl.us slash mz5k.
All right.
I'm glad you could use this program to help make yourself more friends in person.
Have fun at the store.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
All right.
I'm letting you go now because your connection sucks.
All right.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
See you.
All right.
So much for that.
I want to go meet listeners.
Oh, well.
We did that last week.
Yeah, we did.
I did meet a few listeners last week, that was cool.
If you want to call us, it's OrangeLoungeRadio.com,
click on interact with us.
Over on Skype, it's username OrangeLoungeRadio,
all one word.
Or again, on the telephone, it's 916-226-9067.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Good evening, all arts, DMN, how are ya?
Good, oh, your connection's much better than the last guy.
What's on your mind, DMN?
Well, as you announced earlier,
I had that little contest of exclusive Zelda questions.
That's right! Did you get a winner?
I did. T23M is the winner.
Uh-huh. Oh!
That's 23 Vegas.
He should be disqualified, because he comes on the show once.
No, I'm kidding. Let him have it.
He's a local.
But yeah, going back to jumping release dates.
I've heard that Nintendo's practice is generally they give those offending retailers shipments late or very low shipments later on.
later on. So I don't... Beg your pardon? Do you think Nintendo is going to give a company
like Target a big spanking? I think so, because I remember Microsoft released Project Gotham
2, I believe it was, a couple of days early, and they got beat down for it. I recall that
they got Halo 2, a very low shipment of Halo 2, I think a half shipment of Halo 2 in each
store um wow so i think i think uh target's going to be in big trouble for uh releasing the ds light
early but on the other side hey you know we can get some ds lights they're already out there and
word of mouth i'm sure travels and it kind of created a sudden surge of interest a little bit
on the blogs while people frantically hunted these down so i don't think the news is all bad for
for Nintendo here. Oh no, not at all. I can actually tell you first hand, the DS Lite
is awesome. Somebody brought one to the E3 Outpost that they had imported. I want to
say the guy that we invited who called in. That was SilentWind. That's right, he had
one. I think he brought it to show us. Yeah. They also had them on the demo's E3. I'm looking
at mine right now, it looks pretty nice. Rub it in. Alright, now did you go to a target
to get it or do you get it from a special like you were for Nintendo your
special thing I actually got mine from an import store
Nintendo just got theirs in gotcha okay all right well anything else you want to
share with our listeners uh nope take care guys thanks everybody for
participating in the contest hopefully we'll be more in the future all right
sounds good thanks for the fun DMN appreciate it take care guys later bye
bye see chats a whole experience even if we sometimes you know get so caught up
in our own conversation we forget to read chat room there's all types of fun
stuff they're doing in chat and it's been you know like over 50 people every
show in chat rooms has been very nice we really appreciate you guys heading on
over to chat and checking us out there we have time to a couple more calls if
anyone else wants to call in orangelandtrader.com click on interact with us
or head on over to your telephone and dial 916 226 9067 as long as you're
the one that's paying the bills and Nintendo maniac 64 is yelling at me in
chat because I was dissing his call a little bit there saying he was using the
phone so unfortunately if your phone is kind of quiet usually it's gonna come
across quiet here I know cell phones sometimes have a lot of problems but it
just all depends on the connection you know how it goes sometimes so just wait
and see here if we get any more phone calls if not we'll just go ahead and
wrap things up for tonight does anybody have any last-minute stories they want
to share Loki or dark soccer any last-minute stories for our listeners I
I was just going to talk really quickly about Forza 2, because there are some updates on
IGN about it, including that it's going to be built using a completely new 360 engine.
This isn't Forza 1 in HD, nice little slap at Sony there.
Forza 2 is going to run at 60 frames per second with reflection mapping on all the cars running
at 60 frames per second as well.
It's going to support the new wireless racing wheel, feature 60 tracks, 18 environments,
real-world license circuits and will feature over 300 cars and from more than
50 of the world's leading manufacturers including Ferrari, Porsche, Nissan, VW, GM
and Lamborghini to name a few. Forza will allow people to customize
their cars to a new degree of stylization including alternative
engines, suspension kits, bolt-on superchargers, brakes, rims, racing slicks,
and work on advanced suspension settings, tire pressure, and gear ratios. So it
sounds like Gran Turismo to the extreme, seriously. Anybody else have any other
last-minute stories? All right, well our chat room is feeling a little shy
tonight because we're not getting any of their calls and neither anybody else
listening out there, so. I was gonna mention one more thing here, so I'm
mention this in the chatroom and I apologize for not knowing who it was or not remembering.
HappyHardcore.com mentioned that they're going to have a couple songs in the upcoming DDR
Universe and UltraMix 4.
Including UltraMix 4 is going to be Fracas featuring Lisa Abbott, Desire the Comet remix,
and also on Universe, the Acolyte with Treble, Bass, and Attitude, which is going to be a
Eurotrance song and triple bass and attitude is actually the one that's on
the official trailer for universe so kind of neat that's yeah I think that's
all the news I had all right I'll actually we are getting a call so let's
go and take this hi you're on Orange Lounge radio oh you got you you probably
know who this is long time yes hello legend of Zaku what's on your mind
Nah, I just came back from Europe yesterday.
Ooh, how are things over in Europe?
Expensive.
Don't tell me you flew over there just to play Supernova.
Nah, I'd barely seen Supernova where I was at in Spain.
And through parts of Paris and Milan and Rome.
That's right, wait, you're of Spanish descent, right?
I'm a Peruvian, actually, but we do have family in Spain.
My bad.
I thought I remember in a previous episode you saying something about that, but
whoa, what is wrong with your connection? Stop.
You got some weird thing going on there with your mic
Fix it. What's on your mind?
Now for some reason you said that Supernova was supposed to come out
last mid-May which was a couple weeks before
you know before I actually made the trip out. Yep. Came back nothing
you know it doesn't seem to me that nothing has appeared
by now you know if it did come out like
like Konami said they would. I would see
about you know about all the songs
from each part of the country. Okay here it is here it is
it probably got pushed back is anyone really surprised?
Games get pushed back all the time. So
wouldn't it be prudent to just make that correction? To just say that you know it
might have been released last May or
because of what I'm hearing. With arcade games it's usually not the same thing as
console because you are not the one that purchases an arcade game the arcade
owners do
so to come on the fans I don't know I just it's a little different when we're
talking about console games I think versus
arcade games yeah I guess
yeah yeah just just to keep that in mind
I understand where you come from. Somebody in Sephiroth1215 is yelling out it's mid June now
so I guess we'll see yeah that's what it was saying
and let me see so far
Did I miss anything in the past two weeks? Any gaming news?
We took some video of the Ultramix stuff and universe stuff at E3 and it's on
YouTube if you search for OLR
and I don't know. Go listen to our old podcast!
Check it out at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and you'll get caught up on all your gaming news.
Yeah. Would you like that plug? Yeah. One more thing, stuff in Europe is
hella expensive. Even DDR games
But you know heroes about a buck third. Oh
All right, Zach. Oh, I'm hanging up on you. You're breaking up. I'm sorry to hear it was so expensive
All right, we had fun though. You lucky bastard least you get to travel
Yeah, all righty
He said everything's more expensive over there is kind of what I picked up from that. I forgot we have a voicemail
I have to play to us. We'll play that in a moment. But let's do some more calls here real quick
Micaiah, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, what's up, man?
This is Bandit.
Hello, Bandit.
What's on your mind?
Hey, that last guy that was just talking about the Supernova?
Yep.
Well, I called Bets and Air Prizes last week, and they actually told me it's shipping the
last two weeks of June.
You went right to the horse's mouth.
Yeah, I actually called the number that was on Konami's website, and they forwarded me
to a guy who handles the machines in the Pittsburgh area.
Now do you work for an arcade or are you just a crazed fan?
No, maybe a little bit, but you know what I used to?
A hardcore fan.
I got rid of the local arcade and he went ahead and gave me that information.
Well cool, I guess it's good to know.
So hey, it'll be out just in time for my birthday.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Alright. Speaking of which chat room, what are you getting me for my birthday? It's June 26th, and I do accept cash. I'll take chocolate too. Jamie's shaking my hand.
Give me your present now.
Oh, there you go. Thanks. I appreciate that. Alright. Anything else on your mind, Bandit?
Uh, no. That's all for now, man.
Alright. I appreciate the small correction there. I like that you went to the horse's mouth.
Oh, yeah. Of course.
Alright. Have a good one, buddy.
Alright. You too.
Bye.
One more call, and then we'll do the voicemail, and then we'll wrap up the Skype line. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Who's this ice guy? It's me Ravens dolphin. Hello. Hello Ravens dolphin. What's on your mind?
Well, the DS light breaking street date. Would you get one?
No, what do you think about it? Um, I think it's hot but I'm I don't like iPod white. Oh
You don't like the color. Yeah, I hate it
You know somebody was telling me today about a little trick or something and you know, this is a questionable
ethics, so do what you want with this advice, but as I understand, what you could do is
you go to a store, I think it was EB Games, and you buy your DS Lite and buy the replacement
plan with it, so it's only like 15 bucks or whatever, and then when a new color comes
out that you want, run over your DS Lite with your car and then take it into EB Games and
say it broke, I want a new one, and voila, you get your new one a new color.
Hey, that's what I did with my PSP and that's what I'm probably going to do with this.
You guys, I shouldn't be endorsing such scamming, but I don't know, I kind of get irritated
that I always get asked no matter what store I go into about those damn replacement plans,
so maybe they'll get rid of them.
One more thing.
What?
All right, you remember you were talking about the Minnesota thing?
Uh-huh.
All right, if you're 18, it's 50 bucks.
If you're 16, it's 75.
Wow. That's a really big slap on the wrist.
But then again, what 16-year-old has $75 that they didn't get from Mom or Dad?
And also, if you're 18 years old, there's no games you can't play.
That's true. But you could be buying the games for somebody else.
I guess.
That's weird.
As far as the 16-year-old goes, if it was my 16-year-old that did that and got the $75 fine,
expecting me to pay it as the parent I'd be all you better start learning how to
say you like fries with that that's how you're gonna pay it off all right
anything else ravens dolphin yeah have you ever landed that that plane and top
gun uh-oh God back on the NES a refueling it was a pain in the ass
enough I don't even remember trying to land it this is one random question of
the night all right well thanks for derailing our show we appreciate it all
All right, have a good one, buddy.
Bye-bye.
Ah, we've got crazy listeners.
Not as crazy as this, though.
This is another one from a Nintendo Maniac 64,
left us a voicemail.
It's kind of a plug for another website,
but I thought this was just too funny.
I had to play this.
So this is something that was left on our voicemail
this week.
Check this out.
This is the internet relay service, CA 8617,
with a message from Connie Echla, Orange Lounge Radio.
This is Nintendo Maniac 64.
I'm using an online program that allows
you to call people using the internet.
No long distance charge.
You type a message in and hit the GA button,
and your message will be read by a randomly selected talker.
You can first test it out by calling yourself.
you can check this out at sprintip.com.
Have fun and avoid any giant enemy crabs.
GA that's like for a teletypewriter
yeah basically I thought it was cool that he just got some random
you know poor older lady there to have to tell us to avoid giant enemy crabs
that was all kinds of cool
now guys don't start sending us a barrage of messages doing this okay the
first time is cool
the second and third and fourth and fifth times will be annoying so don't get
these poor people
to say all these random things I do not want any voicemails left on the line
with you
Hi, we're calling from the teletype service Ridge Racer.
Okay, I will come to your house and beat you up if you do that.
I'll have them call you back and yell obscenities at you.
Wonder Dog Harold in our chat room says the internet relay lady was hot sounding.
Dark Sakura just made a face.
That was wrong.
but funny and that's the important part it's funny in a very wrong way
uh... it's only funny until someone gets hurt and it's hilarious
speaking of hilarious
when you get it on tape it's ludicrous I have one more story for you guys
do you remember back in the day this actually has nothing to do with video
games but it does have to do with games
and uh... that does make it a very important story
do you guys remember those books when we were kids the choose your own adventure
books oh yeah
You know those were first published in 1979?
You want to know what? I actually have one from 1980.
It's actually one of my books that got damaged I think in the hurricane.
I remember going to the library and using to check out these books.
Because you know they would do the
book club over the summer where you have to read 50 books.
So you just read a bunch of Choose Your Own Adventure books.
That's how you do the 50 books.
But anyway, get this.
Choose Your Own Adventure, they're coming back. This summer
eight of the original titles will return to bookstores and they're going to be
revamped with 21st century references like cell phones
that's that's the news that's all there is to say. You do this you're dead
you do this you're dead it's a whole new generation to enjoy
after reading the book 50 million times you actually find the one that you live through
you're driving down a street
and your cell phone rings answer it or not
answer it you're dead answer it you crashed into a car
you're dead don't answer it you are someone else on their cell phone crashed into you
you're dead you are standing in front of a white house there is a mailbox here
turn to page seven you have been eaten by a grew
if you get that reference we should do orange lounge the choose your own adventure i know yeah
well we had uh illusion wrote the uh a game we have the game we need our own
choose your own adventure book i like that on a web page that's a good idea i could do that
If I have time. Alright, sounds good. Alright, well
that's gonna do it for tonight's episode Orange Launch Radio. Thank you guys so
much for listening to us. We really appreciate your support of
independent radio. You guys rock and we're gonna go ahead and wrap it up with
everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought. I got back. I hope they have food for me.
Dark Soccer, your final thought. Dark Soccer needs food badly.
And my final thought is porn.
We'll see you guys next week with more Orange Launch Radio. We appreciate you guys
tuning in, have a great week, see you next time.
You
