tonight June 18th 2006 Xbox 360 gets more backwards compatibility but
someone's pissed you still can't play Psychonauts rumors the Grand Theft Auto
will be an MMO and could the ps3 end up in a vending machine hello everybody
out there on the internet and welcome to orange lounge radio it's that podcast
dedicated to what gamers really want to know about and I'm here to help you do
that my name is Rob Roberts but we cannot forget the one and only dark
Sakura Jamie Summers also here every week yo what up how you doing pretty
good alrighty and also here every single week say hello to the one and only Loki
hello how you doing good awesome all right well here we are it's episode
number 187 so you know what that means we're gonna have a murderous good time
tonight on the show that's a that's a joke somewhere in there yes and we're
going to start right here live on the air as we participate in a co-host Battle
Royale of which I'll win because I'm vicious why would we do that I don't
I don't know, because it'd be good ratings.
I don't want to die.
We'll fake it.
For those who were listening live last week,
we were talking about the Americanization
of Battle Royale a little bit.
I don't remember if it was after the show or in the middle
or something we were talking about,
Americanization of Battle Royale,
and that whole thought still makes me kind of sad.
I don't know, it's just, they're not gonna get it right.
You know they're not gonna get it right.
It completely just makes me want to go crawl to the corner
and cry for an hour.
I hope it's a rumor.
I hope it's a sick, sad rumor.
It's not a rumor, I've heard it from people.
IT'S NOT A RUMOR!
Tumor...
Uh, anyway, also-
Yeah, the movie will be a tumor.
Also say hello to our invisible fourth guest, but they're really there.
It's our chat room over at www.orangelandre.com, click on chat.
It's your guys' show too, we love to put in your comments and everything.
And I'll tell you what, we have some sick fans.
Because I was just talking to one before the show tonight, we have somebody from the UK who's listening tonight.
So say hello to Digi Nova, listening for the first time.
Hello!
I think there was somebody else in there that said they were listening for the first time tonight as well.
I think it was, uh, Anoshi, and I apologize if I butchered that name. Anoshi. Anoshi.
Uh, also listening for the first time tonight. Not from the UK, but still.
Uh, thanks to you guys for listening. Of course, a big hello to everybody in there tonight,
listening for the first time, the hundredth time, or whatever the case may be.
Uh, let's talk about our gaming week. We always like to start off the show talking about the games we've been playing.
Dark Sakura, start us off.
I played a number of things over the course of this week.
I got my DS Lite after the show, and so I've been playing Animal Crossing again this week.
And I've also been playing the, on the Japanese website locoroco.jp, they have the demo for
Locoroco for PSP, and I've been playing the hell out of that today.
And Osutatakai Oendan today, which is actually harder than I thought it would be, but it's
It's kind of hard to play if you have somebody else's music playing over it and can't really
listen very well.
So yeah, I got to the second stage and then I was like, okay, headache time, because two
musics because my friend Krista was over playing, she was playing Loco at the time.
So I've been in Port Happy.
When's Krista coming to the show?
You know, I tried to get her to come tonight, but she had to drive back to Davis.
When you two get together, it's comedy gold.
So we need her on the show.
she'll come for the big four-year anniversary next week we're having we're
having a fourth birthday party we're celebrating we're celebrating our that
was great radio by the way when he held up your fingers we're celebrating our
entrance into preschool next week it should be fun yeah I'm trying to find
people to come next week but yeah that's oh yeah I turned on World of Warcraft
and then shut it back down because I was like I don't want to play I've actually done that before
force if it was Final Fantasy XI, like I boo- and you know how Final Fantasy XI has that
huge old boot-up sequence that goes with it? Like I get all the-
Which I turned off?
Yeah, well, you still have to go through that frickin' play online and all that stuff before
you get in the game-
When you get there though, it's like, enter, enter, enter, enter.
Seriously. And I've done that before where I went in the whole way and then like I finally
get in there like, you know, three minutes later and I'm like, you know what, why did
I do that? I don't really want to play this. I don't have the time to LFP. I don't have
the time for this today.
I think there's better things to do with my time than to immerse myself into an MMO.
I don't know what you hear about my gaming week, but we'll get to that in a minute.
Addict.
Addict!
Anything else?
No.
How's that LocoRoco?
It's crack.
I love the music.
It's on drugs.
I went to the website for LocoRoco a few weeks ago, because they have like a mini version
of the game, like all in Flash, and I thought the music was so adorable.
It's cute.
But it's like it's really frustrating cuz then cuz I find myself trying to tilt the PSP upside down trying to tilt the world
And trying to get it to go and then you get up to the moon
It's like no you have to have twice as many pieces of your body as you have now
Well crap and then you fall down the little hole when you split into multiple pieces you fall down the hole and then something comes
In each part of you. It's like no you're not supposed to do that spit me out
out and and and that's it you know that game reminds me of an old-ass Super
Nintendo game called on the ball did you ever play that it looks like it horrid
the mode 7 that's all you did was you spun the screen so you can't really
pick up your TV and intern it so you know you were pretty ease the L&R
buttons on the Super Nintendo because you do on a local Rocco that's cool but
it's funny I was looking at the screen I was like Rocco Rocco and it's it's yeah
it's all super Japanese everything isn't Japanese so but it's like really
easy Japanese so it's not like that hard to read it everything's like in written
in katakana so it's super easy unless you're like me and you don't understand
the lick of Japanese no matter what katakana hiragana I don't want to know
the difference I I know there's two but that's just because after doing this
show for four years and listening to you bitch about enough Japanese games I
picked up that my job is done all right low-key how was your gaming week it was
pretty good. What did I play? I played a lot of Jewel Quest and I actually beat the game
finally but except the only thing is you have to play it through like six different difficulties
which is kind of lame but I don't know. And then a little bit of New Super Mario Brothers.
I was going to be playing point blank DS but a certain GameStop didn't have it in. Looked
to be crazy when asked for it. Point blank on a DS? Who would want that game? That sounds
cool. It is cool. But they're not cool. Remember how you were talking about before in the distributor
world how certain titles are broken down, like you have your AA titles and your A title,
like a AA title would be like, what, Grand Theft Auto or something really big, Halo,
you know, and then like your A titles, which are kind of big, and then like B titles, C
titles, what is point blank like an E title or something, apparently? I have it as a triple
It's a long-running franchise and it would've been perfect for the DS, but apparently GameStop
doesn't think that way.
GameStop's more concerned of Urban Chaos or Street Fighter Alpha Anthology.
Yeah, I can't play them on a DS, dumbass, and this is probably the only solid DS title
coming out this week.
But no, they're more concerned with, you know, ripping me off on turning in my DVDs now.
By the way, they mostly, all their DVDs, they magically don't have in their system, therefore
they have to give you the generic price, which is 75 cents, to which I told them to fuck
off.
Um, actually, that, DVDs don't really sell, so that's...
I know, our company buys it back from them.
Take them to a video clearance center or whatever.
I know.
Sorry, that's local.
Anyway.
It's so far away.
But anyway.
So yeah, they sucked.
And um...
No they don't.
They pay my bills.
But they suck.
Uh...
No they don't.
They pay my bills.
You don't carry point blank children, were they Samsas?
Well I'm not driving all the way over there, so.
Alright.
Loki games.
So anyways, um, I played through Blazing Angels, I'm trying to beat the game so I can sell
it back because it sucks.
I don't know what they were trying to do with the art style in the game but it's really
annoying because when you're flying there's this big dark black crap on the outside of
the screen that's, I don't know what it's supposed to look like.
Is it because I'm blacking out because I'm flying or is it supposed to be what?
But when I'm shooting at something everything else gets dark on the outside and bright in
the middle.
It's like I have a TV with bad contrast or something and it just can't fix itself.
That's what the whole game plays like and so I don't get that.
The game is kind of retarded but hopefully least achievements there's only seven of them
and it's pretty easy it's just like beating the game a couple times.
or points or... I got it for free, okay? So I'm gonna sell it back after we get all the achievements.
So is that the only reason it sucks, the graphics? Or is it just not a fun game or what?
The graphics and the fact that the camera is really annoying.
And the camera a lot of times you can lock on different planes to see where they are so you can select a target.
The only problem is though is there's so many planes flying around it's hard to target anything.
And half the time it targets the wrong thing. It's just like Grand Theft Auto. It targets the wrong objects. So that's kind of annoying.
So the camera, the graphics are really annoying. Otherwise it's okay. I was playing some multiplayer on it and that's kind of fun.
I think that's probably the only reason you'd want to get it. It's just multiplayer.
But to be honest, I'd be willing to see what Oversea Fighters looks like. That'd probably be a better buy versus Blades and Angels.
angels but I don't know it's an easy game I guess so that's pretty much all I
played this week that and granted that a liberty city stories still they'll be
playing that game until the next one comes out all right and each week we
find more and more wrong with the multiplayer which we'll get into later
all right my gaming week let's see I oh actually I want to go chat real quick
before we go to my gaming week I want to point out Ari Masan is talking about the
LocoRoco English demo which apparently is available at psp.playstation.com you can
browse around your PSP and you can get the demo for the English version of LocoRoco.
Yeah we couldn't get that to work so we just got the Japanese one off the
website. But that's good news for people like me if I can get it to work so who
can't who doesn't understand you remember a lick of Japanese. Let's see
something. There are detailed instructions for downloading on my live journal. Yeah
but not everybody not everybody that listens to show can read your live
journal so. Nope not everybody is that privileged. All right we do have a live
journal community though it's a username orange lounge if you are a live journal
member and maybe if you ask really nicely on that community Jamie will
cross-post her instructions that would be cool all right
I'm awesome also wants to point out he 100% at loco roko in nine minutes well
you big stud go you all right anyway my gaming week I also played way down the
the DS dance or I don't know it's it's gonna be elite beat agents here in the
And it's going to be a completely different game.
Yeah, because it's very Japanese.
They're completely redoing the whole story,
redoing the characters in it.
There's these guys in suits and not the male cheer squad.
They're going to have to because it's all the text, all the music.
It's not that they're going to have to, it's that they are.
Everything is being changed.
I was saying, because if they had to translate it all anyway,
they're going to have to build it from the ground up practically
up practically because it's so very, you know, Japanese.
It's like you've got the Office Lady stage and you have the, you know, they, no, it's
actually pretty much, it's pretty much considered a sequel.
Right.
Just released out over here.
Interesting.
I, I, I have only really like seen the game kinda, like I think I saw it for like two
minutes at E3, so I didn't really get a chance to really figure out what it's all about,
but it's actually kind of fun.
For those who haven't played it, it's, it's a music game, and it plays music in the background
and you tap on the DS screen certain places sort of in beat with the music
depending on what the lyrics are but sometimes you trace, right like almost
like in Guitar Man. Have you played the one song there was one song where you
draw a heart you trace a heart it's so cute it's like a love song. I only played up to the second stage.
Listening to two musics going on at the same time just gave me a headache. I was
playing on Miklata's DS because and he has them all unlocked because he's been
playing that game like crazy and he told me to play this stage because there was
a heart that you draw at the end I thought that was really cute so it's it's
It's a very simple game, but it's hard.
It's a heart.
It judges very harshly.
You have to be good or it's going to penalize you big time.
So it was a lot of fun.
I'm actually thinking about importing it if it is going to be a whole lot different from
the English one.
It would make it worth it.
So we'll see.
I also don't like paying that much to import games, but that one's a really good one.
It's fun.
You know, because I like music games, obviously, as we all do.
Orange Launch kind of started as a music game station exclusively.
So obviously I have a big love for that.
So I want to check that out.
Also, since I was playing that, I was actually playing it on Miklotov's DS Lite, so I got
to put my hands on a DS Lite, and, oh my gosh, screens are so bright on those.
They didn't lie.
They're a lot nicer.
They're a lot brighter, a lot crisper, a lot cleaner, and the stylus, I noticed, was a
lot thicker, it was a lot more kind of sturdy, I mean, I'm sure you're going to lose it just
as easy, but it fit a lot better in the hand.
The only complaint I have about it is the sound isn't as powerful, and that's probably
because of the fact that you're putting it in a smaller box, it's not capable of producing
quite the large volume with no headphones, but otherwise it's a great system, but I'm
not going to buy one right now, because I'm not going to be a sucker to Nintendo's...
they always do this, they'll put out new colors, and then I say, oh I want one in the new colors,
so I'm holding out for the new colors, is what I'm doing, so maybe I'll get a DS Lite
at that point, but for now I'll stick with my DS Fat, thank you very much.
And then also my gaming week has been a hell of a lot of World of Warcraft.
Just playing the crap out of World of Warcraft.
They actually launched a bunch of new servers on Saturday.
And I kind of like starting on a new server because, I don't know, there's something kind
of fun about the fact that there's no uber powerful people.
And even though the noob areas are really crowded, you know, everybody's trying to work
together for a common goal and it's really easy to find parties for some of the noob
quests because everybody's trying to be like the first to be level 60.
So that was kind of fun.
And I played hardcore, I mean that server went up, I think Saturday at noon, or maybe
it was Friday at noon, I'm not sure, and I'm already level 13, which I'm sure some people
are like, oh that's nothing, I can get from 0 to 10 in an hour, but you know, I'm not
a hardcore World of Warcraft player, so for me, getting to level 13 in the course of a
weekend took a lot of playing, so I'm quite proud of that accomplishment and saddened
at the same time.
But I'm having fun on the new server, I'm playing a mage, and mages are a heck of a
lot of fun. Otherwise that's pretty much it. A little Burnout Revenge here and
there. A little other 360 miscellaneous arcade games but not a lot of new stuff
otherwise. Going over to the chat room www.orangeloungeradio.com click on
chat. Let's see, Tweak thinks the DS Lite is too small. Tweak says the DS Lite is
too small. It is, you know, it feels a little different in the hands but I
I was reading complaints online about the DS Lite kind of felt different, it didn't
feel right because it was too small.
I didn't notice it, it felt fine to me, but maybe I'm just crazy, I don't know.
I know she's saying that I went through about two black ones until I found out about the
white PSP, so kind of going back to the whole colors and releasing new systems and all that
stuff.
Alright, anyway, let's get into gaming news for the week, and we'll start it off tonight
with Loki.
Loki has some politically-oriented gaming news tonight.
Yeah, of course, another week, another state signed in, another violent games bill.
This time it's Oklahoma, and Governor Brad Henry basically signed that in, and of course,
this one actually not really fining the kids who are buying the games, but they basically
are forbidding that they can sell anything that is deemed harmful to minors to them,
you know, I'd pretty much restrict anything like M-rated or adult-rated, and this goes into the
effect November 1st. Of course, like everything else, the ESA has stepped in to sue them, so
you know, it's going to be interesting. But the governor's basic reasoning for signing this in was
he believed the violence in video games has grown to epic proportions. Some video games glorify
violence to a degree seldom seen in even the bloodiest movies now. I'm not sure if he's seen
hostile yet, but I think that's a lot worse than some of the games I've played.
Anyways, continues on, while parents have the ultimate responsibility for what their
children do and see this legislation is another tool to ensure that our young people are not
saturated in violence, this gives parents the power to more closely regulate the games
their children play.
No, actually, this doesn't do anything.
All this does is do what people are doing already and the parents are going to buy their
games for them and then they're gonna go I didn't know I didn't know that on the
back of the box when it said violent content there is violent content in the game I
just thought they like seeing those words on there it's retarded and like
most of the times no matter how many laws and how easily explain this to
parents they don't care they're just gonna give it to their children to get
little Billy to stop whining and then when little Billy goes and murders their
neighbor then they'll go oh my god the games are horrible it's not because i didn't watch them and
bought him a gun or anything it's just because the games are ah it's just people need to take
responsibility for their children and the government thinks that they can help this out well
you know i think they should pass breeding laws instead
so the stupid people stop having children standardized testing
So, that's basically what's going on. Of course, I'm sure we'll hear more about how the ESA
is going to be suing them. And so far, in the last five lawsuits or whatever, they've
been deemed unconstitutional. So, you know, it's because they get those laws, you know,
that harmful minors, well, that's subjective. So, you know what? Who says who? What's harmful?
And you know, they haven't really proven that games are harmful to minors, so I don't know.
I just have to comment here, I love that the chat isn't saying a damn thing about the article
at all.
Instead, these are the type of comments we're getting in the chat room right now.
Let's see, YouWillBowToMe says, Loki's girl voice makes me laugh.
To which the best says, Is Loki a girl?
And WonderDogHerald says, I love Loki's fem parent voice.
And Bandit says, Let's pitch in to get him a training bra.
I'm glad they're... I'm glad they're listening.
I know, I'm glad they hear the message in this about this horrible ignorant law.
Because I think a lot of parents are like this, you know, they're all
mmm, emirating, ooh, shiny! And then, you know, just let their kids buy it. I mean,
that's what it comes down to. Now, again, not
all parents, because we have intelligent parents that listen to this program. Yes, there are
intelligent parents out there.
By the way, I commend you all. Happy Father's Day to the gamer's dad,
gamer dad's listening tonight forgot to mention I didn't call mine
you still have a few more hours days not over yet
let me put it this way it's 8 something in Alabama right now
what's more violent simulating killing you know people
in a game and then granted the people are very you know
cartoonish or going outside
and going killing a deer playing hockey or playing hockey
Jaded2006, I think, hit the nail on the head here.
It's been repeating over and over again.
I think that's why the chat room is stopping to really refrain from commenting.
How many times have we heard this type of story, but in different states, where it's
just, you know, let's blame the games, let's put this law with vague, vague, vague language
as to what a violent video game really is, and, you know, blame it on them.
Meanwhile, you know, I just saw The Omen after last week's show.
I went and saw The Omen with a friend and it was pretty violent, I mean it's not the
most violent movie I've ever saw, but there's some pretty gruesome murder scenes in it.
And you know, top ten at the box office, no one bats an eye.
No motions to ban sales of The Omen.
I mean, everyone's like, oh you can beat up a hooker in Grand Theft Auto.
Okay, the only reason she's a hooker is because that's the skin that's on the character, okay?
Otherwise it's exactly a clone of all the other citizens in there, and to be honest
it's not that graphic I mean granted you can blow off heads on them but it's just
it's cartoonish looking it's just retarded it's not like a game that you
know shows you ripping apart people and all their organs just flying everywhere
and just you know that gruesome details but then again in movies they have that
all the time and you never hear anyone you know trying to eat somebody after
watching a zombie movie I don't know to which we get the chat comment
Xander K says Loki is a hooker I pit myself for the gaming world all right
let's go to another political story here it is same song different verse we
talked about it last week game politics calm ran the story here
Louisiana governor Kathleen babineau signed the video game bill that was
It was co-written by He Who Shall Not Be Named,
and it went into law.
This is the funny thing, it went into law immediately.
There was no January 1st date, November 1st, whatever date.
It went into law ASAP.
By the way, on a side note,
big congratulations to gamepolitics.com
because they're getting a mention
in Entertainment Weekly this week about like,
it's in the section like 100 websites
you should be visiting or something like that,
and they're in there, so.
And I agree, it is a website you should visit
if you're a gamer, so good job.
find it funny you know Louisiana is just rampant with you know basically bad
political decisions where it was you know moving the money for levee repair
to other things but we shout shall not comment on Louisiana's intelligence in
the political world mm-hmm so well don't know what else to say I mean that's not
really a big surprise but it did happen and it is law in Louisiana right now so
Thank God I don't live in the South anymore. I'm sorry.
I mean, I feel... I liked growing up there, you know?
But I'm glad I got away from a lot of the backwards thought that goes on there.
Alrighty. Speaking of backwards thought...
Oh yeah, Jackie Poo.
Yes, you have an article on He Who Shall Not Be Named.
On Mr. Jackass. That's what I'm going to call him from now on.
Either Jackie Poo or Jackass.
So, uh, yeah, um, do you know that actually Jack Thompson is right on a few things?
You know what?
Entertainment there's there's a list up here. Actually. It's actually up on a pointless waste of time
And this is actually sent to us by one of our listeners whose email is hidden somewhere. I'm sorry
For you are leave it to a site called pointless waste of time to find
you know truth in he who shall not be named I think that they're well I look
at it this way he's been twisting reality to suit his own purposes we can
completely just you know show where he is indeed right but also show where he
is wrong in his correctness interesting correctness would have been in quote
fingers by the way except this is radio so you can't see me being awesome so
what okay so yes entertainment can change your personality you know and I
love how it's you know listed here have you ever gotten sad at a movie or listen
to a song that invoked a certain emotional response you know have you
been completely unmoved by any form of art all right I would think like have
you ever seen a movie that you would might think changed your life in one way
or another or change your outlook there's even a point here where they're
saying you know actors and actresses saying you know that they want their
movie to raise awareness on an issue well you know so yeah in that case he is
right it can affect you know but then again you know video games are no
different than a movie then looking at a painting then looking then reading a
book I mean there's a book at Walmart called naked murder but no no one's
crying about that oh heaven forbid you know it's what about you know what about
watching um Hamlet how much murder is in freaking Hamlet how much incest is in
Hamlet okay so yeah that that's completely refuted okay another point
cops have a right to complain well that's true if you're playing a game
where someone's going around killing cops if I were a police officer that
would make me a little I do that it's like the anti lawyer killing game a
lawyer we go huh or if it's like someone goes into a call center and kills
everybody I'd be like stay away from my cubicle you know so on that point of
view yeah they have a right to be upset you know wouldn't you be if someone we're
going around you know hacking off you know people who do what you do um sorry
just different songs from my childhood popped into my head suddenly can I
Can I interject a little chat room humor in here?
Sure.
Fireboma says, in response to, you know, emotional response to art, Fireboma says, you mean how
like certain music makes cowards cut themselves?
Yeah.
Emo.
Yeah.
So, uh, now this is where he's wrong, is that, um, I mean, basically, there's not too many
games out there that really point that out.
I mean, you can, your games have a point.
You're supposed to accomplish certain goals in it.
You know, like Snipe's putting out in Grand Theft Auto, you have a choice to either go
out and commit all these crimes, or you can go through the game without doing any of that.
It's not probably as much fun, but you do have the option of not doing it.
I gotta play Devil's Advocate here for a minute.
What about a game like, cause I just was playing this earlier today, Burnout, where I'm encouraged
to slam into other cars and I get more points when I do so and that's really the only way
to win the game is to...
Are you gonna go out on the road and slam your car into it?
No, because I'm not a fucking idiot!
Okay, point taken.
But it's still a choice, right?
I guess.
In that one you're forced into that circumstance, but in real life you're not forced into doing
it.
If I wanted to drive my car through, you know, rush hour traffic the wrong way and slam into
everybody I could, I wouldn't need a video game to probably make me do that.
You know, something's wrong with me anyway.
need another x chromosome
another point was that games appeal to the worst
of the worst in us moving on
well more specifically teenage boys but you know
yeah they make profit from dead or alive and from other games that are going to
appeal to
your average young man you know
this is my favorite favorite point
this is where he's wrong and it's it's the chart from the u s department of
justice showing crimes going down since the early 90s in fact it's quite a
significant plummet in fact I'm gonna link the the image to the chat room so
they can look at this because I think that this is pretty pretty awesome it's
basically showing how I mean and it's a pretty severe drop it's crazy if you
look at it it's gone from over from the you know 40 50 million range I'm sorry
sorry 50,000 range to dropping down under the 20s so yeah Jack needs to get
his head out of his ass and live in the real world with the rest of us not every
game also has a message to it I mean pac-man isn't like you know
demonstration of you know drug abuse or anything like that it's just it's a game
you do stuff that's it I mean Grand Theft Auto is in a game about murdering
people to teach you about how to go out and be a successful killer it's a game
with the story that's it I mean sometimes games are just simple like that
stop trying to read way too into things that's why I think a lot of people have
you know problems doing it's just you know just enjoy a game for being a game
you know it's fiction because it's a goddamn game they don't look real until
we get to like Grand Theft Auto 6 or whatever you know maybe even for you
whenever the new game on PlayStation 4 or 5, whenever you get graphics that good.
But right now, they don't look anything realistic, I mean...
Well that was the next point I was coming up to, is that he was saying that basically
the games are, you know, teaching us in the future that, you know, we're gonna all grow
up in a post-apocalyptic world where everyone's handling guns and killing each other.
But it's also showing the progression of basically graphics.
have pixel girl then you have you know like dead or alive and then you have you
know in the future games are gonna look pretty freaking realistic you know and
there's already games now it's hard to tell the difference the holodeck you're
gonna have a holodeck peep there will not be any violence when the holodeck
comes around because everyone will be having sex in the holodeck that is
exactly what's gonna happen fuck the violence everyone's just gonna be
getting laid all the time all the friggin time I can continue with this
please yes now there's a book that's called teaching kids to kill that's
written by a military expert who says first-person shooter games are going to
basically desensitize kids to you know murder well tell me does a you know do
you learn how to clean your gun how to aim how to fire how to pull the trigger
proper gun maintenance how to actually hold the weapon do first-person shooters
actually teach you how to do that they will when NRA the game comes out in
August I could learn all that from a civil war reenactment you know you can
go to a freaking firing range have them show you how to do the gun and then
shoot it off at you know a bunch of targets why are they coming after like
live ammo area 51 you know or maximum enforce or whatever the hell was the last
point is that there are real murders linked to games you know they're saying
you know there was that kid who same said that Grand Theft Auto 3 made him
kill people and like one case I think in Japan where they were saying it so what
about this is the point that I like so what about all of the murders that
happened before the game came out did it make them do that too you know and I
think this is great okay they're saying with GTA 3 this is 7 million copies
worldwide and say that another million were pirated and just quoting off the
site here so that means that when you have all of those cases the number of
of murders actually blamed on Grand Theft Auto 3,
out of four million users, it would be.00003%.
Where's this article again for our listeners to check it out?
It's at pointlesswastetotime.com
slash games slash censorship dot HTML.
Read it, definitely read it.
This is like one of the single best articles
I've seen in a long time.
All right, awesome.
Loki, we're gonna go over to Loki
who has some news about a game that it can't,
there can't be anything wrong with this game.
Even the fundamentalist, the most crazy people I don't think could find anything wrong with
this game.
Right, Loki?
I dropped a crate on somebody and Luminous made me do it and I killed somebody.
My bad.
My bad.
Damn those games.
Anyways, there was an interview with Tetsuya Mizuguchi from Game Informer, actually, and
he was talking about kind of where he's taking this series and how Luminous 2 is going to
be different from Luminous 1.
Really?
Because E3 didn't show any of that.
Okay, well this will explain it.
Luminous 2 is going to have a more diverse soundtrack, otherwise it's exactly the same.
Aw, you just lost so many cool points.
You're going to love this though, it's going to get worse.
They're talking about Luminous Live a little bit and they were saying what content there
may be to download and stuff for it and obviously there's going to be lots of stuff, but one
the things that they were playing on doing is you download the game and you gotta pay
extra for multiplayer. You gotta buy the multiplayer. For the game. You have got to be kidding.
No I'm not. Where's this article? This is on Game Informer. Dot com. That bastard. So
um, isn't that wonderful? But um, you know what? A big hearty fuck you to these people
because seriously, they're crack dealers, this is what they're doing.
They put out the first game for a low price on the PSP, and now that we're all addicted,
we want more smack, they're going to start charging us out the ass for it, and I bet
you a multiplayer is not the only thing they're going to charge for, they're going to charge
for each additional song, you want any of the cool licensed songs, you're going to have
to pay for it.
Jerks!
And I will pay for every single one because I'm sad and addicted.
I know, but they're going to say that it's going to have some pretty diverse music.
They're talking about being able to download individual songs including Madonna and stuff
and that you can actually customize which songs you have to groups like 70s, 80s, summer
holidays.
Gotta pay the royalties somehow.
Yeah, exactly.
And they're saying though that they're going to be probably having some exclusive music
for different regions and whatnot.
When I saw that about the multiplayer thing, that was really kind of disappointing, you
know?
So, I don't know.
I have to go to chat room because they're being really funny right now and our old buddy
Bobby Black Wolf's in there and he's saying, did you hear the story, and it's not in our
show world for tonight, but maybe you guys heard about all the DS lights that got stolen
in Hong Kong.
He says, well, Luminous, the crate stealers were influenced by Luminous, so ban Luminous
in Hong Kong.
That's it.
So here's exactly where it says right there.
This is the question.
Game form.
Will you be able to play Luminous Live against other people online?
We are currently working on a versus mode.
Puzzle mode will be two players online.
Okay, so you can play two players, I guess.
If you do purchase a versus mode, every mode will have a price, but they won't be high
priced.
the basic package of luminous live and then you add versus mode to it so at
least there's a way at least that's the way we have it planned right now we're
still trying to determine a full package versus in with the basic package yeah
you better because that's really stupid if you don't I'm just upset I don't know
what else to say dark dark Sakura let's go over to I'm sorry was that it was
there more is it okay oh it might be coming to the PlayStation 3 and we
depending on how well those systems do big shocker there that's not a big shock
dark Sakura this is somewhat of a big shock I don't know I've never seen
anything like this before have you I've seen it not in this country basically
you know how in Japan you have vending machines for everything right from beer
vending machines to use panty vending machines to Sony's vending machines well
guess what they're experimenting with the vending machines outside of Japan
apparently they've got a test vending machines out now on a limited run and
they're going to be actually adding about seven more US locations at
airports and various places but they're also considering opening some of these
up in the UK too so I mean base basically the cards are supposed to be
they use debit and credit cards so where you put it in pick what you want pull it
out that charges your card so am I gonna be able to buy on these machines like
PSPs you can get PSPs digital cameras CD players games DVDs basically they're
calling them robotic stores UMDs maybe this is maybe this is Sony's way to
to finally abreast some life in UMDs.
No, they've got these, they're starting to put them in train stations and they're actually,
we sell to them our distribution company.
There's an iPod vending machine in the Metreon, why not Sony one?
I was going to say, that's probably where Sony got the idea for it.
Well...
Oh, they've already had it in Japan for a while.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Where Sony saw that it could be successful is because Apple's having big success with
their iPod vending machines and when I first heard about that, I think it was actually
when your buddy Tiara in Vegas was talking about there was an iPod vending machine at
Hilton there or something and I was like really that's like the only I put a
dollar for candy I can't imagine putting a hundred dollars in the vending machine
here's the only thing I guess the only thing I have a problem with and this
happens all the time I hate when you put dollar in the vending machine and your
chips get stuck what's gonna happen if I pay for a PSP and the fucking PSP gets
lodged in there I'm gonna be pissed I think they have I think they'd be like a
robotic arm something because they wouldn't want to drop right expensive
machinery down a little hole. There's got to be a weight trigger or something
because even the fancy food vending machines now have a weight trigger that
so when the food hits the bottom it knows that something hit it. But so far
the testing locations are in California, Georgia, and Colorado and I actually I
think that you can on Sony's side I think they might have a location listing
but I haven't had an opportunity to check that yet but I'm sure you can find
something on Sony's website probably gonna be like LA Atlanta Denver and if
you want to submit a picture of yourself kicking a Sony vending machine we'll put
it in our orange laundry not that we endorse it no don't actually make a
obscene gesture toward it or actually kick it but if you want to take a
picture of your foot up next to it you know like you're gonna kick it kick an
ultra kick yeah I'm gonna kick the ultra Kate a while back so now we'll do kick
the Sony vending machine I'll tell you what I'll tell you what the the top
photo will win something that I'll decide at a later date.
The Sony vending machine actually isn't a vending machine, it's actually the PlayStation 3 case.
Let's keep it moving.
Also, speaking of the PlayStation 3,
there was a pretty funny observation made this week
on the PlayStation 3, and it kind of dates back to E3, but
somebody was going through their E3 pictures, looking at the pictures of the Sony controller
for the PlayStation 3 and looked really closely and saw that something was wrong
with the select button on the controller on the prototype there. It didn't say
select and this is the controller that was in like the glass case next to the
PlayStation 3. It didn't say select, it said S-E-R-E-C-T. I heard that was a
Photoshop. You know it probably could have been but I'm gonna go ahead and
name it on the program because it's coming from various gaming blogs out
there so it's news it's a news floating around out there and the fact that
there's several pictures of it from different angles so if it is photoshop
they did a pretty darn good job so I don't know but that's the type of thing
I guess you'd expect to see on engrish.com or something a blatant error I
don't know is anybody asked Sony directly about this who knows that's
silly anyway I Loki how about the Wii controller the Wii controller according
to be a moto not gonna have a microphone he says it would be it would increase
the price of the console too much to justify the inclusion of microphone I
call bullshit though because I mean come on a microphone that small can't cost
anything I mean it's gonna be like a buck or two I mean really it's gonna
cost that much more and even still if they want to say that they're not gonna
put one on there there is a little fucking you know connection in the back
You can pop in a microphone right there. So I'm still saying why doesn't Nintendo just do the Nintendo thing?
And they have it in the got it later. They have a microphone in the DS
It didn't cause that you know portable system to be too expensive. I mean why don't they put the same microphone in there?
It works for that. It's obviously really small. I'm sure it's not costing like 50 bucks to add a microphone
It's a microphone. Aha. Aha all this talk about the DS and Wii connectivity
why couldn't you just use your DS as the microphone because that's it that's
gonna say that you need to have a DS in order to play certain games and they're
not gonna do that so and you could do that for some games I imagine but I
would say why not just they could easily add a microphone to this maybe it's a
space issue because I mean the controller is pretty small but
microphones nowadays in the small electronic devices they're damn tiny and
and I know they can't be too expensive, like a buck or two, really, and that's, you know,
going and buying the parts at Radio Shack, let alone what they get, you know, at cost,
so who knows?
Uh, you will bow to me and our chat room says they need a mic that registers blue without
saying brew, if you've played brain training.
That's voice recognition software, that has nothing to do with, you know, whatever.
Alright.
Uh, Loki, or I'm sorry, no not Loki, we just heard from Loki, Dark Sakura, uh, you have
a story about, kinda, we've been talking about PlayStation 3 and Wii, kinda have a story
about both.
I just might, and in fact, you know, uh, I think that we're not the only ones frustrated
with, uh, the PS3, you know?
I think a lot of developers are pretty, uh, pissed off about it too.
Um, actually a lot of developers are leaving the PS3 to start develop on the Wii, and,
uh, LucasArts is one of them.
Um, there are, uh, actually some rumors that actually they were, uh, printed in the last, uh, EGM are saying that, uh,
you know, so far they're still in the rumor phase, but it seems a lot of the third-party developers are kinda pissed off at Sony and, uh,
have gone over to a system that they're gonna be able to sell more games on.
Um, the games are gonna cost more to develop for the PlayStation 3. It's not viable for them to do business on.
So, uh, a lot of areas are, you know, looking to move over, and they're saying that now LucasArts is one of them who's working on a Star Wars game for the Wii.
They want to take advantage of the controller and the sound, the speaker and the controller.
So basically, think of a lightsaber game.
If that pans out the way it describes there, that's gonna be bad news for Sony.
Sony shot themselves, I don't feel sorry for them at all.
Well, maybe they can win him back. What can they do to win him back? More first-party games.
How about, you know, make a system that isn't complete ass, focus on the games, not what they look like.
More twisted metal, more violent twisted metal. That would be the way to do it.
Guns, violence hookers, Loki. Lots of gun-violent hooker games.
And maybe, I don't know, put out Gran Turismo that's not a port of an older one. That might be a good start.
Alright, going back over to the Wii for a minute, you know, I gotta say, lots of cool
points on Nintendo, and this is just one more kind of to add to that.
Nintendo is showing controllers for the Wii behind closed doors that resemble pads from
the TurboGrafx-16, the Genesis, the NES, get this, they're saying that you can actually
plug these into your Wii controller and use these for the Virtual Console.
Now the problem is this story is a little bit different
the several times I've read about it this week.
Somebody on our forums actually posted a picture
of like all these things in a briefcase or something
saying that you would be able to plug in
your old controller.
So if you have old Super Nintendo controllers
sitting around the house just gathering dust,
you could plug these in, there's gonna be an adapter,
you can plug it into the Wii controller
and use them on the virtual console.
But now other stories I'm reading say that no,
they're making new ones that resemble the old controllers
so we kinda have a little bit of a disconnect there.
so this could all just be a bunch of crap.
Well third party can always come out and create something like that.
Exactly, see third party would probably create it anyway,
but if Nintendo's doing this themselves,
I love the adapter idea for Virtual Console,
but then you kind of think about,
okay well would I be able to use like a Super Nintendo controller on the NES games?
Well why not I guess, but you know Nintendo's gonna have to kind of think all that out,
and how weird is that gonna be to use like a Sega Genesis controller to play a Nintendo game?
How weird is that gonna be?
I don't know, maybe she's me, I don't know, I think it's kind of weird.
Dark Sakura going
into something, going into a virtual gaming system of a different type.
Well, guess what has finally happened?
What's that? We have seen Geometry Wars defeated
by Uno. Wait, wait, wait, whoa, like
like people playing it or what? The Xbox 360 version of
Uno is the highest daily demo-to-sale conversion of any Xbox Live arcade game.
Wow. It even topped Geometry Wars Retro Evolved. Wow. Yep. They, it's like not just
that, apparently it's given it the smackdown. Basically it's about a 40 to 55
cents profit, I think more per sale. Let me look a little bit further. But I mean
but basically they're they're sort of using that now. They can make other card
games and see if that tops no goody now we're gonna get a sea of card games that
are only gonna be mediocre Texas Hold'em's coming in July will you know
people be playing that whoopee there are a lot of poker things I won't be one of
them I think the poker thing is kind of a little overrated but you know what's
even gonna be worse when the Xbox Live vision comes out it's gonna like there
is gonna be so met much wrongness on those cams it's not even gonna be funny
I hope they're awesome. I hope they have a way to moderate it
So I hope you got do you know how many butts are gonna be seen on those cameras give me Xbox Live?
Prostitution you're gonna get strip, you know, you're gonna see eight lines stinging, you know, you know pedophiles on you know life. It's just
It's gonna be great for gaming. It's great publicity. All right
Of course and of course any story on Xbox Live brings the mandatory comment here
Did you know if it says I want Street Fighter on live? When will it come?
Did you like a Microsoft's little cocktease this week? They put up Street Fighter 2 themes and pictures user pictures
No game
So when you go into the art when you go into the Xbox Live and you go into like download new stuff
Street Fighter 2 comes up and you go like holy shit finally and then you go in there and it's
themes and gamer pictures for the low low price of a couple hundred gamer points and you're like son of a
Funny I
Guess maybe they're just trying to build hype. I don't know
We'll see it'll be out when it's out. We don't know anymore. We're not gonna try and speculate anymore
Capcom can give a date and it'll be wrong
Moving on Loki you have a story about Grand Theft Auto 4
Yes
the rumor or
The rumor people are saying out there is that it's gonna be an MMO the reason
one of the reasons now that they're thinking that is because on the Rockstar Norse site they're looking for
for in-game animators, level design, motion editors, and network programmers.
And so they're thinking, ooh, network programmer, that must mean that they're going to make
it an MMO.
I hope the hell not.
Do you know how many people will play as the hooker?
Okay, listen, here's why this will never work.
One, Rockstar does not know how to program multiplayer to save their life.
It is awful when it comes to Grand Theft Auto.
I have not played, you know, table tennis, so I imagine table tennis is fine, but for
Grand Theft Auto, where we're concerned here, it is awful, awful, awful, awful.
There's so many glitches, so much wrong with the game, and I should know because I played
this thing twice a day, every day since the game came out on the PS3.
So awful.
But there's a lot to work on, and they definitely need people to be doing that, plus, I mean,
if you're going to be doing multiplayer in a game like that, it's probably going to be
lot more complex than, you know, Table Tennis was. I don't think this says anything about
it being an MMO, and I don't think that they would start off with an MMO. I don't know.
I don't think it's going to happen. Episodic content? Yes. MMO? No.
I've played Table Tennis online, and it's fine. It plays fluid. It's pretty solid.
Yeah. I wish they had the same people working on, you know, Liberty City stories on the
PSP. Well, I think you're... White City stories better be goddamn perfect.
think Grand Theft Auto 4 will be multiplayer in some capacity or another?
You know what, I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't. I'd be, I wouldn't be surprised
if it was live aware, and that's it. Hmm. Because, you know, we thought the same thing
with Liberty City Stories on the PS2, and they tried, and they were unsuccessful to
get it working. So what makes you think they're going to be, I mean, maybe Xbox Live might
be a little bit easier in Playstation 3, but I'm not, I'm not going to be too surprised
if it doesn't have a multiplayer. I would hope, because that'd be awesome, but I don't
think it's gonna.
Comments on Grand Theft Auto Online. VidPala says, it'll turn into The Sims Online, which
you've probably heard us talk about on the show before. Just basically turn into Drugs
and Sex, Sims Online. You Will Bow to Me says, I want to play as the guy who works at the
chicken joint in a Grand Theft Auto MMO.
Well, the multiplayer in the PSP version, I like the modes that they have. If they worked
right it'd be great because you know eight man you know six man teams or
whatever have a perfect you know just doing a simple deathmatch like any other
game doesn't have to be a full-blown no MMO just make the modes work correctly
and then they'll be great all right well speaking of MMOs there's been another
rumor going around the internet this week about Blizzard MMOs and that
Blizzard is gonna turn into like this MMO only company and basically what
happened is that F13.net did some type of presentation to Wall Street and a rep from
Vivendi said, all Blizzard franchises will become MMOs, to which like Starcraft fans
and Diablo fans everywhere pooped their pants simultaneously when they heard this.
Loki, you think there could be any truth in this?
No, because Blizzard actually, when GameSpot questioned them about this whole rumor, they
said, alas for those yearning for a marathon World of Starcraft session Blizzard moved
quickly the quash rumors of any non World of Warcraft MMOs. No, that's just a rumor
in regards to Blizzard. And it says, we believe that rumors circulating about this subject
is based on a misinterpretation of information provided to industry analysts. And if I remember
correctly, um, they had slides that basically showed, you know, potential for these games
to grow in those areas, not necessarily guaranteeing that they will grow in there. So, I dunno.
I'm sure I'm gonna piss off some Blizzard fans by saying this, but I don't care, but
isn't World of Warcraft just Diablo MMO with Warcraft characters?
Pretty much, yeah.
I mean, you already have your Diablo MMO, I don't know what's wrong.
Warcraft maybe, I mean that might be kind of cool I guess, but it'd be pretty much the
same.
At least that's what I think.
Alright, Loki, now speaking of MMOs, we see these stories come up once in a while, but
they're banning more gold sellers, or what's going on?
They've suspended more than 250 accounts, and according to them, they...
Wait, is this World of Warcraft, or is this something else?
This is Final Fantasy XI.
I've suspended 250 accounts and have retrieved some 250 billion in gil that's been removed from circulation as a response to this.
That's a lot of gil.
But I don't believe that each one of those accounts had a billion gil. That's kind of ridiculous.
That's a lot of money.
But yay! Go them!
I don't play that game anymore.
so I know I I saw my account active but and I have
I think 12 days left in the month to decide if I want to keep it or not
I'm kinda I'm kinda leaning towards no. I'm going back to PSO
we'll see oh why that game is so old now
Julie's gonna pay for my account so I can play with her. Well if you're getting it for free I guess you can't go away
what about Phantasy Star Universe that's just around the corner
aren't you girls gonna upgrade? I'm playing World of Warcraft. You signed in and then signed right back out
I had stuff to do. Alright alright
Final Fantasy XI isn't the only game where this is happening.
It is happening in World of Warcraft as well.
Blizzard has banned more than 30,000 accounts during May alone for gold farming.
In keeping with Blizzard's aggressive stance against cheating in World of Warcraft, we
banned over 30,000 accounts in the month of May and with that removed over 30 million
gold from the economy across all realms.
The banned accounts were taking part in activities that violate the game's terms of use, including
using third-party programs to farm gold and items, which severely impacts the economy
of a realm and the overall game enjoyment for all players.
So it looks like there's steps going on in a lot of the big MMOs to boot the gold farmers.
Kind of interesting.
But what's also interesting about that, let's see, if we take 30 million and divide that
by 30,000, that's 1,000 gold a person about that was taken out of the economy.
I don't know. I know a lot of people who are really really addicted to World of Warcraft at their level 60s that a thousand
gold is
attainable for the normal player, you know, what's funny about all of this, you know, everyone's
Always saying, you know this gold farming 20
It hasn't really had any effect on the prices of gold and I remember every now and then just out of curiosity
I'll go and look over at IGE to see how much they're selling
selling gold for and stuff and the prices just keep dropping and dropping and dropping
and dropping.
I'm not sure if that's because they can't sell it anymore.
I would think because there's more out there, they would have to drop the prices.
Well, what's interesting too about World of Warcraft is there's so many realms.
There's so many realms now.
It's got to be hard.
They added more.
Right, because they added the new one I just started on, Aeri Peak is the one I'm playing
on now, that just opened up over the weekend and with all these servers opening up, these
companies can't possibly be staying on top of it fast enough to get all the
gold. 2 million for 30 bucks. 2 million Gil. Wow. 30 bucks. Crazy. Alrighty let's go on
over to Dark Sakura because she likes to surf the internet up and down and back
and forth and sideways and every which way. I have no life. To find a website that
speaks to her that she wants to share with all of you. It's Dark Sakura's
website of the week and Dark Sakura where should all the kids be pointing
their browsers this week this spoke to my special places it's a site called
I'm sure it did well now no that's stuck in my head because I've been going still
going to like weebles every day is this a show gonna need the explicit tag on it
or no no it's okay last night I was on weebles stuff watching the one of the
Weebl and Bob episodes that had that stuck in my head but anyway that's not
my side of the week that was an old side of the week still awesome site though
the site of the week this time around is eskadub.uncreativity.com the
catastrophe of eskaflowne which is fabulous but the specific specific thing
on here is if you go into their downloads page click on Sephiroth sexy
choir you just have to watch it it's a link to youtube it's sexy roth with
eric's death o vision it it's it's a hilarious video so well done and I guess
it's what there's a couple cosplay it looks like they filmed it in an anime
convention I have no idea where the squall cosplay yeah you can clearly see
a squall play and they're singing the one-wing angel but it's sexy Roth and
he's got a sexy ass. But the death of vision is the best part.
The heiress death of vision is great. My favorite line, way to stand there cloud.
While the choir is singing, just so you guys know, because this is radio so it's hard for us to explain,
but they play that death scene from Final Fantasy 7 over and over again.
Well, we want people to go to the site. I don't want to get into copyright things.
Yeah, but they play that they loop that sequence from Final Fantasy 7 where Eris dies over and over again
And then like put different filters on it like black and white and then trippy color and sepia and all this stuff
This is crazy
That's great
genius pure genius
Congratulations kids. That's like that's my side of the week. I approve of Dark Sakura side of the week. So again the site is
E-S-C-A-D-U-B, eskadub.uncreativity.com. Go click on downloads. You will not regret it.
It will make you fall out of your chair. Do not be drinking Mountain Dew when you watch
this, or it will end up on your monitor. Does it say that on the site? No. Oh, okay. Oh,
that's what happened to you? A friendly warning. Oh. I don't know how I would come up with
that. Alright. Other than I snorted Mountain Dew out of my nose. You're welcome, because
I gave that link to Jamie to begin with. I hate you. But not really, I lied. Hopefully
you had some Windex. Um, Loki, let's talk Guitar Hero. Boy, talk about this game never
calms down. People just love their Guitar Hero. Exactly, and if you love the Guitar
Hero game, you're gonna love the Guitar Hero 3rd party controller being put out by, it
looks sang, and it's called the Shredder. It looks very similar to normal Guitar Hero
guitar except um a little bit more metal i would say the shredder yeah it looks pretty neat i don't
know what do you think um jamie they had it on uh it looks like it's trying to be a really deformed
uh gibson thunderbird i want to smash it on stage i'm sorry the shredder makes me think of
teenage ninja turtles you know maybe all that hardware is for making coleslaw perhaps um
It is quite steep though in price, $48.90 is what the exchange rate ends up being, so
a lot of price for aesthetics.
I would like to point out it took about 3 seconds for somebody in the chat room, Brak2000,
to come up with the punchline.
What will they come up with next?
The Krag?
I'm sorry, the Krang?
The Krag is a different show.
they do a drum game then they'll come out with like the foot oh god that was
oh my god oh god boo get off the show get off ah all right um actually a quote
from someone who can't get into the chat room um to the shredder I say tonight we
dine on turtle soup anything else on the show is that was from tiara by the way
anything else on the shredder Loki it looks stupid yeah you know I played my
game like twice and it's it's in collects dust in my corner you know
what's funny about guitar hero it's a game I play a lot at other people's
houses and places I never play it here ever I don't touch it here ever I play
it at everybody else's house all the time it's weird it's like the other
people's game I don't know Dark Sakura while you were surfing the internet you
like to pay attention to what's going on overseas sometimes because it's not just
all about us here in America but we want to keep our UK buddies in mind as well I
love our UK buddies and our UK buddies have some new games coming out don't they
they sure do what's coming out stuff okay to be specific on the stuff on the
23rd we have Full Spectrum Warrior 10 Hammers on PS2, PC, Xbox. We also have Grand
Theft Auto Liberty City Stories on the PS2, Pac-Man World 3 on GameCube, 10-2
Time of the Assassins on PSP and I'll go ahead and jump to the 30th which I will
be repeating next week but there's also a Def Jam Fight for New York and the New
Super Mario Brothers so that's exciting. New Super Mario Brothers is pretty darn
cool I think glad you guys are getting it yeah magic kind of wore off after a
few days I don't know I don't Mario it's it's a good game and all but I don't
know just kind of Mario is honest yeah I'm more excited about the GameCube with
a paper mark super paper Mario that looks hot Mario it's hot I noticed
something today on my new shiny DS light screen yes well with the increase in
brightness and resolution on it I noticed that if you have the arcade
machine in your house in Animal Crossing, it's Mario versus Luigi on a fighting game.
That is a hell of a lot of detail to notice. Good job. You have no life.
You know what? Hi.
What's coming out for our friends here stateside, Loki?
Whole lot of nothing. Unless you like NFL Head Coach, in which case that's coming out
on PC, PlayStation 2, and Xbox.
There's some folks that are into that. We may not talk a lot about sports games, but
there you go.
I'm not knocking sports games. This is a sports strategy game. You don't get to play the team to get the coach to them
Oh, it's that's even like some sports fans won't even touch this. Never mind. But anyways, um
Although there is motor GP for which is coming out on PlayStation 2 two more your legends finally making it to PSP and
Legend of Heroes to the prophecy of the moonlight which also coming to the PSP and for your DS fans
Sudoku Mania yay and Break Em All is gonna be coming out and those are pretty
lame. Next week's gonna be some good stuff though. I'm gonna have to get one
of the games that's coming out even though I don't have an Xbox to play it on.
What's that? Krusty demons freestyle motocross. Well I've never heard of this.
Okay, this game is like a cross between Tony Hawk, an off-road game, and Flat Out.
Basically, it's like PMX, Triple X with motorcycles, is what it's like.
It's fantastic.
You get points for, you know, injuring your rider and it's just really cheeseball.
Alright, I'll tell you what, Logie, since I need to hang on to Oblivion a little while longer,
I'll let you borrow the big green brick if you want to have an Xbox for a little while.
I have my big green brick outside.
Well, I have to pick up the game first, so I'll bring it over and if it, you know, we'll see.
Alright. Sounds fair.
Dark Sakura, we were on UK just a second ago and there's actually a story that kind of affects them that you had.
Quite right.
Actually, I can never pronounce this right, if it's Gamasutra, I would assume Gamasutra
given Kamasutra, but anyway, a series of...
We like it better that way because it's sexier.
It's so hot.
I mean, just special places, anyway.
The video store game, a big retailer in the UK, is going to be changing its return policy
for software.
Right now, basically, a customer can return a game within 10 days as long as the packaging
is complete, but regardless of whether it's been opened or used, now it's going to have
its own seal on the packaging, and if that seal is broken, you will not be able to return
it if it's broken within, I believe, 28 days.
Hmm.
I'm trying to see if there's a date on there.
Okay.
basically I don't see the date when it's actually supposed to be rolling into
effect so I suppose it's already going into effect there's 700 own and
franchise stores in Europe there's a 23 in the UK alone 81 in continental Europe
and basically a lot of this is enacted because a lot of their profits went from
20 million pounds to 8.4 million.
That's basically in the series of 12 months
that ended at the end of January this year.
So basically they're enacting this,
I'm pretty much guessing to save their financial butt.
All right, hmm.
I'm looking at our chat room here
and looking at comments to some of the recent things
we've been talking about.
It's orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat
if you wanna join in the fun.
Black Wolf wants to point out,
There is a huge following of management sims, because we were kind of joking about a little
bit ago.
One of the top games in Europe is a soccer management sim, but that doesn't surprise
me at all because people are frickin' nuts about their soccer.
Maybe not so much here, like it's really weird.
Here we're not so crazy about soccer, but those that are soccer fans are like really
crazy about their soccer.
You know, and worldwide people are just nuts, so that doesn't come as a surprise so much
to me.
And of course, for you folks overseas, you call it football, we call it soccer, and I
don't know why, but we do.
Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.
Football makes perfect sense.
Soccer...
What do you do?
Soccer sounds like an abuse.
Bandit would like to clarify, when I was offering to let you borrow the big green brick, is
that an Xbox Halo edition?
Yes, it is.
That's when I finally caved and bought an Xbox.
That's the one I have, too, when my old Xbox died.
For quite a long time I would not get an Xbox, I thought they were crap.
I was, you know, of that school of thought where all the games that were on Xbox was
nothing I was interested in, and then finally I caved right about the time the Halo Xbox
had come out, and I thought, ooh, it's a pretty green one too, that's even better.
So that's when I finally caved and bought it.
Alright, let's keep it moving here, Loki has one more story for this segment, and Bricks
may or may not be involved in this. Yes, Loki?
That's correct. Uwe Boll challenges you. You, the bad reviewer. No, basically, Uwe Boll
is put out a press release saying that he wants to fight the people that are criticizing
his movie. His position, I am fed up. I am fed up with people slamming my films on the
internet without seeing them. Actually, they do still suck even after you watch them. Many
Many journalists make value judgments on my films based on the opinions of one or two
thousand internet voices. Half of those opinions come from people who have never watched my
films. I have been told that BloodRayne has a very bad IMDB rating, but how many of those
votes of zero were made before the movie appeared in theaters? The criticisms go on and on.
Okay, first off, they kind of have a pretty good system there where you can't vote until the movie comes out.
So that's kind of invalid.
And two, it's IMDB. Who gives a shit what your rating is on there?
It's a completely subjective website. It has nothing to do with...
It doesn't get published in a paper or something like that. Who cares?
Well anyways, it goes on.
So, it says, Ooey is now challenging the critics that have failed to watch his films prior
to reviewing or commenting.
To put up or shut up, towards the end of filming Postal, the five most outspoken critics will
be flown into Vancouver and supplied with hotel rooms.
As a guest of Ooey Bowl, they will be given the chance to be an extra slash stand-in in
postal and have the opportunity to put on boxing gloves and enter a boxing ring to fight
Ui Bull. Each critic will have the opportunity to bring down Ui in a five bout match. There
will be five matches planned over the last two days of the movie. Certain scenes from
these boxing matches will become part of Postal of the Movie and all five fights will be televised
on the internet and will be covered by international press. To be eligible however, you have to
to be a critic that has posted on the internet or written in a magazine or newspaper in the
last or at least two extremely negative articles in the year 2005. Critics of 2006 will not
be considered. Please submit proof of your negative reviews and comments via email to
info.bull.kq.edu.
So you're being rewarded for bashing Ooey Bull films by being in an Ooey Bull film?
He's going to box you, but here's the thing that he forgot to mention.
He used to be a boxer, so that's not exactly fair.
By the way, you have to weigh between 140 and 190 pounds in order to do this.
Because I was going to make you do this.
For the sake of the show, I was going to have you do this.
Okay, well here's the thing.
I haven't written too bad reviews.
We could do the magic of television.
We can make it happen.
We can make it happen.
But you're too fat.
I could lose the waiting time.
I can't do it either.
You want to do it?
You know what?
I bet having a chick put her application in there, I bet that would be, you want to do
it?
For the sake of the show, you want to fight him?
She's grinning.
I'll do it and I'll watch his movies so I can be critical of them.
I wasted those four hours.
I want you two to figure it out.
one of you two is gonna put in the application because I can't I'm too fat
to fight him but to be perfectly honest I actually I'll do it chronic fatigue be
damned kick his ass I'll do it and we'll try to do it I guess okay and I guess
I'll have to learn the box in the meantime because yeah actually I one of
my old fitness classes I was in was actual boxing with a bag you know the
boxing training and boot camp training that was fun
it looks like our chat room approves so we'll see so we're gonna see what we can
do to put together an application. I'm supposed to be joining a gym next week
maybe I can lose the weight then fatty thanks ass and on that note we're gonna
go ahead and call it you know I'm just kidding I'm just giving you a hard time
I tease because I love street fight not boxing. It should be you know full
Contact doing I've dropped three pounds by eating whatever I want
Of course it's like little bits of everything. What's it? What's it called the fuck it diet? Yeah, it's the fuck it diet
I like that idea. You just stop when you're not hungry. All right
Anyway on that note we're gonna end this segment. We're gonna go to a little bit of a break here
We'll be back with plenty more where this came from here on orange lounge radio
The Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
