George, lounge, radio.
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Wonky.
Tonight, June 4th, 2006.
DS lights hit the street a bit early.
Could gaming be shown at the next Olympics?
And more add-ons are announced for RPGs like Final Fantasy XI and Oblivion.
Hello everybody and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 185 for this June the 4th of 2006.
We're here to talk about video games and gaming and the gaming culture and all the gaming
news you guys really want to know about.
And I'm here to help you do that.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky and she's here to help you too.
Her name is Dark Sakura, also known as Jamie Sommers.
I help those who help themselves.
You help people who want to be helped.
Yes.
Alright.
How are you recovering from Fonomé?
We did a live show there last week.
I've slept a lot, because I'm actually on medical leave for two weeks, so I've been
doing a lot of sleeping.
For those folks that have shown concern in the past through emails and stuff that you've
You've kind of been getting a lot of sickness in the past six months on the show.
To not go into it in too much detail, all of the random illnesses that I've had have
all stemmed from one thing, which is Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, which for those who think
that taking an app will help you get over it, screw you, because it doesn't.
It's a cumulative issue.
It's something that just takes nutrition, time, eventually it goes away.
Some people have it their whole lives.
Some people are bedridden for years with it.
I'm just really tired.
I was actually reading in Wikipedia about this because when you were talking to me about
this on AOL, you actually linked me to something in Wikipedia on it and it turns out you have
something in common with Cher.
Oh, joy.
If I could turn back time.
You don't have an affinity towards hay or anything like that.
I wouldn't be like a horse.
Oh, that must be the one and only Loki because here come the jokes from Tech Master Loki.
Cher is like, you know what?
Everyone wondered what happened to Mr. Ed. Cher is what happened to Mr. Ed.
They're the same person! Same person! My mother loves Cher.
It's kind of scary. I actually went to a Cher concert and I know you want to make all
those jokes about, you know, because I'm gay, I must love Cher.
She's okay, but my mom loves her.
Oh my gosh, loves her. But she's made out of porcelain and ceramic and acrylic.
Now wait, we're not Cher talk, so back to games for a minute. In FonamiCon last
week,
you somebody actually brought you chocolate right yes one of
one of our listeners brought me chocolate and i'm very very very grateful
and it got all over the bottom of my purse so i had to uh
wash my purse only a couple pieces got out all the rest of it were in my tummy
i did share a couple of pieces because i'm nice there's no way
you didn't share it with me i would have if you'd hung around maybe rob's gotta
go boom i did yeah i did the total diva thing
at Famicon. I flew it, I see ya! When I say fly in, I mean, you know, drove up and parked,
I parked on the street next to the convention center just a little ways away, and uh, you know,
just walked in, did the show, and kind of left. And that's, you know, I did kind of look around
the first day, I saw what there was to do, but unfortunately I don't follow anime a whole lot,
myself personally, so I didn't get it. I went nuts in the dealer's room Sunday. Yeah. I bought Dan
a Famicom controller-looking pencil box, and I bought him an Ice Climber cell phone strap
with the... it's all digitized.
They do have some video game stuff around there.
I noticed there's a lot of Kingdom Hearts.
I bought myself a Slime plushie.
A lot of Kingdom Hearts, a lot of Final Fantasy, a lot of Squeenix love.
And I bought a doll.
Red Octane had a booth that's about the size of this desk.
Of a computer desk.
A normal computer desk.
Yeah, Red Octane wasn't really showing much, were they?
They had Guitar Hero and they were selling controllers and that's it.
But in the groove of Absint, which is kind of weird.
They were selling the
DDR pads, but that's about it. They were just selling stuff.
They were a vendor. They weren't trying to show off new games or anything.
Here's our crap buy it. You know, that type of thing.
I'll tell you what was impressive though was Yes Japan, they have Japanese lessons, but they also
a label that are bringing out a lot of Japanese artists in the United States, and one of them
is Guitarvator, who did a lot of the music in Jessup Radio.
Oh cool!
Guitarvator wasn't there this year, although their guitarist made it out, or one of their
people made it out, and was doing some stuff with a couple of the other bands there, but
I didn't get to see it, I think it was actually, I think it was like near our panel or something
around our panel, so I didn't actually get to see this, but I did get to talk with them
and you know, who knows, you guys might hear something, some Guitar Vader on our station
soon.
Cool.
Very cool.
I just want to say real quick, as far as live appearances go, we are confirmed for Fauna
May 2007, and next year maybe we're looking to broadcast from the center stage, which
should be pretty awesome.
We are, our friend there is working on getting us broadcasting ability.
Very cool.
And just other live appearances coming up, I know in July, and not even these guys know
about this yet, but there's the Sacramento thing is confirmed for July.
And how I knew about that, is I ordered a doll, I'm getting into the 60 centimeter volks
of B2 dolls.
I ordered from JunkieSpot and he called me today to make sure that my address was right.
and just gave me all kinds of pointers and tips
and said, and we're gonna be at this convention.
I was like, oh, I might be there.
That's funny.
So I find that ironic.
No, we're gonna do that in Sacramento in July
and then they're trying to get us to Seattle next year
if we can afford it.
I know at least I'll go
and I think Jamie was talking about going
so maybe if we can get Loki,
we'll all go to the Sakura Con next year.
And then I...
It's me Con.
I'm hoping to do one East Coast Con next year.
I don't know what or when yet.
That'll really be up to Ranma,
who's my like East Coast buddy.
He'll have to tell me which con I should go to, so we'll see.
And maybe DarkSakura will come with me if she's got the dough.
Someone's got money. We'll see. Alright, let's get into some gaming.
We always like to start off the show with how is your gaming week?
So let's talk about it. Oh, first though, a shout out to the invisible
forecast, our chat room, www.orangelauncherater.com. Click on chat
and a little bit of talk there in the chat room right now.
I don't know why Snakes on a Plane jokes are coming up, but that's what Sakurina is doing
right now.
I haven't seen him in a while in chat room though.
Blaze wants to know when we're all coming out to the East Coast.
I at least will probably try to come to a con in the beginning of next year.
We'll see.
And then Spirit Snare is linking us to a topic regarding Fonami07 on the Fonami boards.
I guess there's actually a discussion about us at Fonami07 there, so that's kind of cool.
And then DJ Pooh Eater says, I thought it was the Cher show.
Okay, let the joke die.
It was actually Spirit Snare that bought me chocolate.
Awesome.
Sweet.
Alright, anyway, let's do how your gaming week was.
Dark Sakura, want to start us off?
I played some Ragnarok, and I made Assassin, finally, I hit job level 50, and now I'm like
Assassin job level 24, and that happened in like a day.
And that's basically been it.
There has been UNO going on in my house.
And we were going to buy a whirlwind pinball machine, but that fell through.
We got back our Judge Dredd machine, and as it's working out, we've got a line in on a
jackpot.
Well, a pinbot right now, but Dan's wanting to find a jackpot, which has the same...
It's pinball games, people.
Has the same play field as pinbot and has the same music as pinbot and the special music.
It's like a combination of pinbot and bride of pinbot with a souped-up display and board
and everything.
Okay, if you get that, I'm going to be at your house every day.
I told Dan that and he was like, well, half the reason we get the pins is for friends
to play.
You still have to come over and play our other pins too.
I was going to say, what is with the sudden interest in pinball games?
Sudden my butt?
It feels...
Dan's been...
Yeah, but you guys haven't really bought machines before.
It seems like...
Well, we had an apartment before.
All right, all right.
We have a garage now, which we intend on filling with machines, but Dan's been downloading
the pinball emulators like PinMame and some of those for like ages, and one of the machines
that we're really, really looking for, although it's really expensive, we want to get a good
deal on one, is a Black Knight 2000.
I think I've asked this on a previous show, like a long time ago, before we were podcasting.
Is PinMame based out of Sacramento, the people who do that?
Nearby.
seen a car around town that has like a pin maim license plate and I'm like, dude is that
the guy?
No dude, it's Carmichael.
Really?
I think he's out of Carmichael because Dan's been by there.
We need to get that guy on the show.
That's just a stone's throw away.
We'll have to get ahold of him.
Loki practically, no, I know you're in Orangevale, I'm not Carmichael.
It's all a blur to me.
Suburbs of Sacramento.
Anyway.
It's the various areas.
Anyway.
You have goldfish.
They're gone, sorry.
You bet.
I no longer like you.
They're actually pretzel goldfish.
Anyway, your games.
Games, oh yeah.
I've been playing goldfish the game. No, I actually have been doing not a whole
much of gaming. I've been intending on sitting down with Kingdom Hearts but
I've been like meh meh and it's just been pinball pinball pinball pinball and
I played pack... I played Dig Dug on one of those little joystick looking video game
machines. Oh machine in a joystick? Yeah the machine in a joystick thing. They had a
Pac-man score tournament, and then I was like screw y'all. I'm playing Dig Dug
And so I got like further in Dig Dug than anybody in the house could. Sweet. Yep. All right Dig Dug, man
I'm going over to the chat room who's all lit up about pinball. I'm sure you'll love this Jamie
Yuri, lover says South Park pinball equals the shiz
Bandit says the Super Mario Brothers pinball ruled. They had one of those at that place that went to and it was already sold. Oh
Because Super Mario World pinball. Now there's two types of Super Mario pinball because one was for kids. This was the kid size
I don't like the kids size one, but they had an adult size one too. That was awesome
They had the kid one at Stockton Golf the Lord of the Rings pinball is the win
But it was the Lord of the Rings pinball and Star Wars pinball were of the pinball
I think it's called pinball 2000 series
Which actually did not appeal to a lot of pinball players because it was more of an old-school pinball thing
So there's I think those are the only two pinball 2000 machines are and we're not seeing any more
I think Williams stopped making pinball machines. Hmm. One of the last pinball machines that I would love to play is
It was called Big Bang Bar, which was one that Capcom did.
They made something like 16 of them, and I've actually seen video of someone playing one,
and the guys who owned that machine were kind enough to lend the layout of the board and
the ROM set to put on pinmame.
Oh, that's cool.
So, it's a very good table, but there's only 16 of them in existence.
I'd love to see one.
We need, yeah, we do need Orange Lounge Pinball.
DJ Pooeater says, O-L-R Pinball would be fun.
You get to bang around Lookie's balls.
I don't know how lucky you would feel about that, but I do like DJ poo eaters other comment about I like the Elvira pinball
Cuz Elvira is the shit
I didn't I you know actually one of the old-school ones that they had there that they were repairing was an Elektra pinball
They wouldn't had the three levels the inside level the medium and the outside level. It's actually pretty
From what I understand pretty hard to get one of those, but we actually traded them our fathom pinball for Johnny mnemonic
DMN has a great idea snakes on a plane pinball. I think
As if. It was sad, though, is that, you know, I think that pinballs are like a dying breed.
Let me just kind of say, what do you think about pinball games on a video?
Well, they've actually, this is a good thing, the people who do
UltraCade are doing UltraPin.
And the way that that's going to work is that it's going to be
a humongous widescreen LCD laid out like a pinball table.
What? They've actually had some of these at trade shows. That's kind of neat.
and I like that matrix displays up in the back is it really a replacement for
an actual table though
but I don't know the whole thing about this is that is actually going to
emulate some like 30 to 60 I think something
a classic tables including Black Knight
pin by right up in by it I have to find some more information on it they've had
and they've actually I think
this is something test locations I guess that's cool but it's
I just don't like that idea as much as actually watching the metal ball go up
the ramp and around I'd have to see it but I'd say I'd say though that for the
sake of you know since these tables are getting harder and harder to find I
think that it's it's a good idea it's a good idea to bring it out there for
people who who miss the old-school pinball action right all right well
before we turn into the pinball show we better get back on video there's nothing
wrong with there's a video screen in the background with the dot matrix but hey
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
I tried to play more games,
but unfortunately the wife has been
hogging the 360 and played Bejeweled.
This is so weird to hear
because the wife hates video games.
Yeah, yeah, so,
what'd I do yesterday? Yeah, I was playing
more New Super Mario Brothers
and I'm already getting tired of the game.
I'm already at, like, level
on level 4, I've actually
completely finished
one through three and gotten all the secret stuff and all that
uh...
i'm just kinda getting bored with it already
i don't know it's just not as good as some of the other games i guess
uh... then i've been playing trying to get through ghost recon i'm almost done with that
finally and then uh...
i don't know i've been trying a few other games i tried that uh...
what was it? jewel quest
that was okay
I don't know. I've already bought like almost every single live game or arcade game on there
except for like the crappy card games. Who wants crappy card games? I mean seriously.
Even if you don't like Uno. Uno's fun! I like Uno. Uno's fun, but like, you know, hard
with hearts, hard with backgammon, I mean, no. Lame. Um, but um, I don't know. It's just,
I haven't really gotten anything new. No new games coming out that I really want.
Hitman maybe. I really don't know though. I'm thinking
just waiting till July-August when some better games come out.
But I am... I have been to
get Jaws on my
PlayStation 2 hard drive so I can bust that game out because
I heard the game is so damn glitchy and stuff but it's worth trying because you can
play as a shark.
You know what though, with a concept like that, it might be cool to have a game as glitchy
as Driver 3.
It is.
It is as glitchy as Driver 3.
So that's kind of cool, you know, because Driver 3, that was what made it fun, is the
fact that it was so crappy.
It had the perfect balance of really shitty AI and gameplay with, you know, just an okay
game.
It wasn't so bad to where as you don't want to play it, but it wasn't, you know, so good
as where as you need to pick it up.
It's just equally awful, you know, across all levels.
So that game's really fun, especially if you can get it cheap, because it's so glitchy
you can literally play it for like an afternoon and just...
So it's like one of those...
It's like a B-movie.
It is.
It's like a bad B-movie.
It's like a showgirl.
It's so bad it's good.
Exactly.
Like Jaws 3D.
Jaws on the console switch just came out. It's a cheap-ass game, it's like $29.99, but
just wait a couple of weeks. Once people buy it and say, hey, this game sucks, and then
they sell it back, get those copies for even cheaper. So that's what you need to do.
Alright. Anything else? Just a grant of thought, I will liberate these city stories again.
As usual. Yeah, we're going back to the team games,
have been doing free-for-alls and it's still fun because we just find new ways to kill
each other so it's it's still you know a highlight of the day all right um i should mention in
our chat room right now over at orange launcher.com click on chat if you are listening live here
on sunday night on our station uh it looks like dmn is in chat right now and he for whatever
reason has an extra zelda gamecube collector's disc burning a hole in his pocket you know
the one that had all the classic Zelda games on it, and he's just giving it away to a random
chatter right now. He's asking trivia questions and making a game out of it, and you know,
he's like, you guys cool with it? And I'm like, yeah, you know, I got ripped out of
the one that actually had the Zelda 1 and Zelda 2 on there as well, I only got the one
with both of the Nintendo 64 ones. I might have an extra. You could enter DMN's contest
right now. I don't care, but I never played that one anyway, so, you know what, we need
to get we need to get one of those multiplayer pac-man games that was the
one on the GameCube remember oh pac-man vs right yeah I never did play that look
fun though all right um I want to go over to my gaming week because I
actually have quite a bit that I was playing this week in my personal life I
got jury duty this week and most people were telling me that jury duty you know
bring a book it's gonna be boring you're gonna sit there all day long and
nothing's gonna happen so I took my DS and yeah there was a lot of dead time
there but the rest of it didn't go how they said it would they said I would get
dismissed by the end of the day I actually got put on a jury for a trial
that's gonna last two weeks so I guess I'll be playing a lot of DS while I'm at
the gore house because there's a lot of down I mean we get like hour and a half
lunches and all this crazy stuff so I have DS to keep me busy I've been
playing Final Fantasy 1 which I realize is not a DS game but Extifer will like
keeps forgetting to loan me the new Super Mario Brothers cartridge that I
keep wanting to play and the only other game I had like ready available when I
left for the courthouse was Super Princess Peach and that game kind of I
don't know like I an action game isn't as easy to play at something like in
that type of situation so Final Fantasy I can get a little more out of so I've
been playing that again the dawn of souls it was on Game Boy Advance I'm
just using that in the Game Boy Advance slot and I lost my stylus though which
me off, not that I need it for Final Fantasy I, but I just thought I'd throw that in there.
But Final Fantasy I, of course, if you haven't played it before, the one on the Game Boy
Advance, they really souped it up from the NES, it's not as frustrating because they
switched the battle system to more like Final Fantasy IV, where if your whole party attacks
one monster and it dies, it doesn't end up being wasted attacks, it will attack a different
monster.
I know that was one really frustrating thing about Final Fantasy I on the NES, but that
That kind of adds to the strategy element, I suppose, but that is different.
I also got a chance to play something new, 2DX Red, Beatmania 2DX RED, or 11, and this
is the import game.
It's not here in America.
You do have to import it from Japan, and of course, if you know Beatmania in the US, then
I'm sure you have heard of the Japanese series that spawned it, and now it's up to its 11th
version game, thirteenth arcade game. The things I like about 2DX Red, the interface
is great, it's slick, it's got an awesome interface, it's a customizable interface.
One of the things you unlock, you don't really unlock songs in 2DX anymore, you unlock either
gallery art or you unlock customization pieces. So you can actually change the picture that's
on the turntable, the bar that is falling down during the parts of the song, what the
notes look like when they explode when you hit the buttons or you can change
the whole damn
like skin around it now you'd you know there's only like ten or I don't know
not even that many probably like seven or so preset ones so you don't have total
freedom but it's still pretty cool because you can mix and match and kind of
make the game your own a little bit so I thought that was kind of a neat addition
uh... and something fun to unlock there
uh... my other my only real problem with Beatmania 2DX Red is that I'm not
a fan of the songs as much as previous styles
there's some really good songs but like overall I think I prefer like 9th, 7th
you know kinda going back to some of the older styles
but they did bring back some good older songs
except V isn't one of them
V is this song that has been in like every Beatmania 2DX game in Japan
since 5th Style, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th
it is not in 11th
they finally gave it a rest for a little while
yeah until they come up with the next you know
was it 2DX 14 or whatever and it's gonna be V2 or something like that
or VV or something. It'll be H, it'll be Handel.
We'll see. The other part that I
I love about 2DX Red is rival data because Miklotov is the one that brought
it
to the house here so I had a chance to play it and I
started playing on my memory card. Well I was able to put in his memory card and
load his scores
onto my card. So what that would do is it would show me, hey,
these are the songs you're doing better than Miklotov at and these are the songs you
need to improve on if you want to be better than Miklotov.
and you can, I think, load up to five people. And the other cool thing is you
can do rival data against yourself,
essentially. If you go into the options and you go like all the way down to the
bottom and you see this little turntable, you can change it so that
if you're playing one player, you know how usually in Beatmania the right side of
the screen, if you're playing left or vice versa, if you're a
player two side person, the left side is just blank. Nothing happens there.
What will happen instead is that that'll be replaced by a bar graph
that goes up showing you how your combo compares to the last game that you
played
I'm sorry, not your combo, but your Beatmania points. You get plus two for a
flashing grate, plus one for a grate
it kinda shows that in bar graph. Very similar to keyboard mania. If you've ever played
keyboard mania, it's almost like they stole it from keyboard mania.
So, huh?
Alright, so rival data is pretty cool and it kinda gives you
incentive to keep playing because I have to be better than Miklotov, so that's 2DX Red.
I definitely recommend it to music games fans that have a Japanese PlayStation 2.
Those you guys that don't have a Japanese PlayStation 2, let's hope that
Konami of America releases a Beatmania 2 here in the US
and that they'll use this game's interface to model it off of,
and I think that would happen and that would be pretty sweet.
Another Japanese game I checked out this week is R2 Beat
and this is a game that was at E3 and it was a racing game
but it's a music game as well. It's a music racing game.
So those you guys that say that the music game
idea is dead and that all the music games are the same and the guitar heroes are the same
game as Beatmania and da da da da da,
you need to play R2B because R2B is a real creative idea for a music game.
I really like it because it gets into the kind of competitive nature a little
more, like some of the
songs are very competitive. So if you want to check this out,
One of our listeners has a website that's all about this game, and you're going to
have to follow the directions on the forums of this website to be able to play the game
because it's all in Japanese.
So unless you read and understand Japanese fluently, you're not going to really be able
to play the game unless you use some of the translation guides at this site mixed with
Google translation.
I'm going to give out the site address real fast.
It's djmaxus.bamanistyle.com.
And really the website is dedicated to DJ Maxx, which is another game, but R2Beat, go
to the forums and there's more information on this R2Beat.
It kind of makes me think of like a Mario Kart rhythm game, because in one of the modes
you can use items on other players, and it's pretty creative, some of the items they come
up with.
Like one of them will send out this giant King Kong type thing onto the race track that
will beat the race track so that your screen shakes, so it's really hard to see the notes
as they're coming down.
Another item will throw headphones onto your opponent's head that will change the song
completely that they're hearing, so that the beats won't match up or anything, makes it
very difficult for a couple measures.
So it's kind of fun, so that's kind of where I get the Mario Kart thing, because the items
really add a whole different flair to it.
So the pros about this game, it's free, graphically it's pretty kick-butt, I was given a tip,
you can actually use Alt-Enter to play the game in a window if you don't like it taking
up your whole screen, and it's a real kind of clever music game.
The only cons that I really saw is that it's got a really steep learning curve
because of the fact that the game's not in English, so you really have to be
patient if you want to learn this game.
You'll get frustrated with it very easy if the language barrier is going to be a
problem for you.
But I force myself to kind of get through the tutorial and everything and
it's not so bad. You can figure it out. Use common sense, you'll figure out how to
play the game.
So I like it. I think you guys should check it out if you get a chance if you
like music games because it's free.
I don't know if this is the type of game I would pay money for, just because it seems
like the type of game I'll only play for a little while, even though it does offer some
kind of customization, like you can change your hair, change your clothes.
I don't really see myself playing this the long term, but I don't know.
They do have the fact that they can expand with different songs, and they can expand
the game later.
I think what would be neat, and I think this is the way the company that hosts this game
has it set up. I think
it's part of a network of a bunch of other different kinds of games
and I think in that way it'll be great. It's actually part of a network called
gamechoo.jp
that's their website gamechoo.jp
and I think I would really enjoy this game like it's a part of
a selection of games from a website so
check it out if you guys wanna see a crazy looking
game. Other than that, just a buffet of Xbox Live Arcade games and some Rockstar
Table Tennis.
That's all for me. Alright, let's get into some gaming news
here on Orange Lounge Radio. We're going to start off tonight with
Loki, I think. Yes, and basically
the story to start things off is about
the DS Lite and how some stores just don't get street dates.
One of those store chains being Target,
The other one being Walmart and basically, you know, the shipments of these new systems
have already come in to pretty much everybody.
In fact, I mean, my company that I work at, they actually have them right now.
Of course, you know, like most things, you're not supposed to sell it until street date,
you know, to basically either make it, you know, fair for everybody, you know, so that
one person doesn't have it sooner than the other and that type of thing.
But you know, companies don't realize this or either just ignore it.
And so, you know, in the case of like certain Targets and Walmarts, just went ahead and
sold it the day they got them.
So people have already been picking them up, put them on eBay and whatnot.
So basically if you're lucky enough to find one, more power to you.
Which is ridiculous since you can just order them online from Japan.
Exactly.
It doesn't matter anyways.
For almost the same price.
I mean they're really coming out in about a week.
Yeah.
Just wait.
And by the way, this is not the first time Targets broke a street date.
Oh no.
No.
They've done like, you know, Katamari and stuff.
Yeah, We Heart Katamari, I remember when it was called the Target.
Yeah, and you know what?
These companies, you know, they think that they're getting away with this shit.
You know, Nintendo will know.
I mean, it's just like, you know, Namco.
Namco was aware of the problem with We Heart Katamari.
Or not We Heart Katamari. Yeah, We Heart Katamari.
And they basically, you know, those stores will not be getting their product on time.
Or they'll be getting it at the day of, or whatever.
They won't get it early anymore.
that's not a good thing to do to piss off the Nintendo right before the Wii launch
because uh you know if they don't have it people are going other places so
it's not good for them yeah that's what they did with GameStop and stuff when
GameStop didn't have the pre-orders people went to Best Buy who didn't do
pre-orders and tried to
you know get it that way so yeah so I mean
if you can find them really great to be honest it's just a redesign of the damn console
I mean
do you really need one right away you don't
I actually don't think they're any more comfortable to play than
the US ones anyway because of that sharp edge.
Um, DarkSakura, do you have any news about the colors
of the systems that we're seeing? Well actually, in Europe
they're getting two colors. They're getting black and
white. Pretty
monochrome there. Now that's interesting because we're only getting white.
They get black because they're special I guess I guess getting screwed on the price finally
Karma pays off for them because they always get screwed on prices their price actually
It's gonna be out on June 23rd in Europe their prices 99.99
Pounds or a 149.99 euro
Also as far as some games that they're getting on June 30th
the new Super Mario Brothers will be out, Brain Training is on June 9th,
Nintendogs Dalmatian and Friends is on June 16th.
I'm getting a Dalmatian one, which is,
actually I would be jealous if I even played my Nintendogs anymore, sorry.
Alright, now VidPowah in our chat room reminds us that there actually is a
Frapper map.
Orange House Radio has a Frapper map too, so if you're on Frapper, F-R-A-P-P-R dot com,
look us up.
but you can also look up dslightavailability, just cram that all together into one word,
and they're actually checking targets to see if any have the dslight.
I already looked in this area and there are none, because I kind of want one, but I don't know,
we'll see, we'll see. All right, moving on with more news.
Yes, in other news, also Nintendo related, we've got information that the Wii is not going to have
doubly digital out, at least no 5.1 surround sound. They will have Pro Logic, which is
still good, but I mean, I don't know, I don't think you really need it since they're not
going to be doing HD anyways, so, you know, big deal. I don't know a lot of people out
there, especially if you just have a standard TV setup, you're not going to have a surround
sound either, so, you know, the Pro Logic works just as well, so I don't think that's
a big deal. Not really a huge surprise either, but still, interesting information.
I guess, I don't know, I don't have Dolby Digital in my house anyway, so I don't care,
but I'm sure there's some people that will be kind of, hmm, but...
Well, I'm kind of, I have Dolby Digital in my house.
Okay, well, literally, I mean, who, okay, so you have it in your house, okay, that's
That's great, but you have a Prologic setup on yours, so it sounds great.
It sounds fine.
My receiver also has Prologic.
It's not going to be the end of the world.
They're not supporting HD, I should say true HD or whatever anyway, so as long as the games
are fun, I'm not going to worry too much about the sound.
Plus we already know there's a speaker in the controller, which is kind of, can't really
get that, 5.1 or not, digital 5.1, whatever.
You don't have the speaker and the controller, so I'm willing to forgive them as long as
the games are still fun.
I don't think it's going to be the end of the world.
And to be honest, the Xbox 360 does not have optical digital audio out either.
Is PlayStation 3 looking at it?
Is that another thing?
PlayStation 2 had optical digital audio out, so I wouldn't imagine that PlayStation 3 does
as well.
Then again, that could be on one of those lists of things that they've scrapped for
price point I don't know I'm gonna be honest I don't know a lot about audio
setups this whole you know the different types kind of go over my head a little
bit so it's interesting all right moving on we're gonna go to a story now about
Sony and it kind of has to do with Nintendo because you know when Sony
announced that tilt thing at e3 everybody said they stole the concept of
the Wii they just are stealing from Nintendo well Sony Computer
Entertainment Europe's Phil Harrison is a little pissed off that people would
jump and say this.
He said, �In a way, I understand why people say that we stole Nintendo�s idea, but it
is a little stupid if you forgive the remark.
When we brought the PlayStation to the market in 1994, we introduced real-time 3D graphics
for the first time.
When Nintendo launched its Nintendo 64 in 1996, it also had 3D graphics.
Did we say Nintendo stole our idea?
Obviously not.�
No, of course not, because that whole PlayStation is supposed to be a CD drive for the Super
Nintendo.
It was built for Nintendo in the first place.
All you do is put an operating system on it.
Way to go, jackass.
And there was Star Fox, and as far as there were games on the PC Engine Duo that had 3D.
Exactly.
So they are pretty much full of crap.
Well I'm surprised he's not actually researching it.
I've got two questions.
First, did Sony steal Nintendo's idea, why or why not?
I say no.
Okay.
I think they did something to make themselves competitive in that aspect, but I don't think
stole the idea. How easy would it have been to just come out with a controller? It was
the same thing. They tried something a little bit different, and although I'm not the biggest
fan of the idea, I wouldn't say they stole it. I think they just kind of tried to do
something a little competitive. I don't know. You guys' thoughts. DarkSakura, any?
I really, the whole debate I think is ridiculous. It's over and done with. The item is coming
out. There's nothing that can be done about it. To say one stole from the other, I'm putting
that in the frame of pointless argument, there's really no point.
Did they steal the idea of putting out a console? I mean... I don't really care, honestly.
I mean, because
it's moot. The system's been out since, like, I was in high school.
You know, who's gonna talk about who stole what from the Super...
you know, from the Super Nintendo having been out? You know,
company... it's business. Companies steal from each other
all the time. I was gonna say, when... remember when Vanilla Coke came out? Because we all loved
vanilla Coke at the time when it first came out.
Then vanilla Pepsi was a better product.
Vanilla Pepsi came out like two months later.
Is Pepsi a bunch of thieves?
No, that's what they do.
They always copy each other, you know?
It's the point of business to find out other businesses trade secrets and cash in on it.
Loki, you have a thought?
Yeah, okay.
So they say, we didn't copy the way it's been in production for two years.
Two years ago, there was a game put out on Game of Advance called WarioWare Twisted.
had the same kind of technology in there that's in the controller. So, fuck you Sony, you're
still copying somebody. First off, you got your facts wrong anyway, so it doesn't matter.
So they copied it, great, whatever. They've copied controller designs with the analog
sticks and stuff from Nintendo 64, rumble from Nintendo 64, big deal. Xbox Live, they're
They're going to be copying that for the Playstation 3 online service or whatever.
It's what people like and so obviously you have to put it in your console.
But don't try to pass it off as this is an original idea that you came up with.
Basically say, yeah our competitions do it, we need to do this in order to be competitive.
That's all you got to say.
That is it.
Pretty simple.
Instead of being a jackass going, we came up with it first, no I don't think so.
So you know what, great.
If it works for your console, awesome.
I think it's going to be stupid and, you know, if they're going to be taking out the rumble
feature for this, I think it's a really bad trade-off.
Alright, I gotta go to our chat room with some comments because they're lit up right
now a little bit.
Umm, for, spiritsnarrow would like to point out, Pepsi Blue came out but Coke Blue never
did.
That's because Pepsi Blue was kinda crappy.
It was like Windex.
I didn't like it at all.
Yeah, it tastes like Windex and it made your poo change colors.
I thank you for sharing.
What else is there here?
O2G said, maybe if they didn't implement it at the last minute.
Do you think maybe the whole last minute implementation of this is what makes them look like they're
thieving here?
Yeah, it does.
And if they were saying that, oh yeah, this is something we're thinking about or something
like that, that would be a little different, you know, that was something they were toying
around with.
But the fact that they brought it in, I mean, so what if they've been working on it for
two years?
We haven't heard anything about it.
You haven't seen anything until two weeks before E3.
That's a little fishy.
Just so you know, according to an article that appeared in MCV, Sony Computer Entertainment
Europe, President and CEO David Reeve said, the DualShock 3 pad was not a last minute
thing, but it's been in development for over two years.
That's what I said, two years, and WarioWare came out, what, two years ago with the same
type of tilt feature.
Great.
didnít steal from the Wii, but you stole from something else. You know, when the hell
are they going to come out with something original? I mean, really, when are they going
to come out with something original? Theyíre like one step behind everybody.
Okay, this takes me to my second question. Whatís with all the Sony hate on this show
lately? I donít know.
I donít know if they put out a good product, Fiddler on Our Love.
Seriously, the Playstation 2, I was out there first day, I bought it at launch, regardless
of what games came out, but there were games I liked that came out at launch. The Armored
Core at the time was one of the ones that I bought and it was great. I loved the game
and the fact that the backwards compatibility was good and the price point wasn't outrageous
and that type of stuff. But their system right now, they don't have a great lineup of games
coming out. Granted, okay, the system may be cool, but it's pumping out the same kind
of graphics, same kind of game plays you're going to be getting on the Xbox 360, but it's
more expensive. And because they think that they need a Blu-ray driving there because
are really trying to push this whole HD movie format on me. I don't want to pay the extra
$200 for this thing when I've just a few years ago replaced all my VHS with DVDs. Now they
want me to do this again? Why? I don't own an HDTV that's going to benefit from this
so why should I have to spend the extra $200 for it? Plus they came out a year later. Plus
they're doing all these unoriginal ideas. You know what? If they do come out with some
really good games, like maybe a new Twisted Metal or something like that, that'd be great.
But the whole thing, I mean, Sony's a great company and all, but even after the PSP came
out and the launch games for that, the launch games were pitiful for the PSP. They were
all just rehashed, you know what, Twisted Metal head on, that's Twisted Metal 2, all
over again. Luminous being a glaring exception though. Well yeah, but that's a third party
company though, that's a third party, I mean that game could have been made on, you know,
the original PlayStation 2. I mean, it's not something that really needed the PlayStation
portable. And, you know, I'm not like picking on Sony just because, you know, oh, I'm pro
Microsoft or something like that. Granted, Microsoft, I mean, they haven't, how many
games has Microsoft come out with in the last, you know, few months? What, we had three,
you know, in May, one in June. I mean, where the hell are all the games? That's, you know,
something that we should be talking about also.
All right. Let me interject here with some comments from chat, although some folks in
are cheering you on there, Boy Wonder Zero and Hentairini.
FunnyDale is mentioning, if anyone should sue anyone,
it should be Ralph Baer. He was the guy who invented the idea for a home video
game console and got almost nothing out of it himself.
Interesting thought.
I'll phrase a question towards DarkSakura, because I know you have not
been a fan of Sony's PlayStation 3 stuff lately.
What could Sony do
to win you over
and you would be rah rah rah about this console on launch day?
What could they do between now and launch day to win you back?
Do we have time for me to list it?
Sure, take a couple if you've got it.
Well, okay. First of all, drop the price.
Take out all of the unnecessary shit.
Take out the gyroscope. We don't fucking need it.
You know, we don't need high def that not every system is going to be able to manage.
We don't need two HDMI ports. Maybe one HDMI port.
You know, enough to, you know, because how many people are going to hook up two HDMI ports?
I think they only have one now. They did scale it back to one.
Okay good. Leaving the HDMI. Allow me to point out that the low-end system will not even
have the HDMI at all.
I know this. I wouldn't waste my money on a
low-end system. But they need to
you know the memory stick thing? It's nice
but they should have made them use the memory sticks from the beginning
or a USB thing you know they should have had something
more universal that would last if their vision was that big they should have had
it last from system to system
or they should at very least use the PS2 memory cards you know
there's price reduction right there. They don't need
to process the polys that they're saying that they can
no one is really gonna care you know they need to make sure
the games they put on there first of all take care of the whole
anti-aliasing issue that you've had ever since the days of the PS1
you know fix that you know
Oh God, I've got such a list in my head right now.
That's right, Loki wouldn't interject anyway.
There is something else I like about the PlayStation 2.
The old controllers worked on the system.
I bought the system, I spent the $300 or whatever,
and I did not have to go out and buy new hookups.
It used the same hookups as the PlayStation 1.
I didn't have to buy new controllers.
You know, granted it came with one, but I didn't have to go out and buy a second one.
You know, to play two-player games.
I had that already because I already owned the system.
Granted, Devil's Advocate, Xbox 360 didn't do that for you.
No, it didn't.
Yeah, you can use your Xbox controllers. No, you can't, no.
Because it's USB. You have a 360 USB. That's right, that's right.
Okay, that's great though. That's what I liked about it. I didn't say they'd have to do that
for the PlayStation 3, but it just...
First thing they need to do, stop doing gimmicky shit.
I mean, granted I can say that about Nintendo too, but Nintendo at least is trying
things that
could possibly work. Whereas, like for example, F1 racing for
the PS3 has used the wing mirror basically as the PSP.
is a wing mirror you don't need that that is a stupid example of the
technology
stupid. I'm going to ask one more question then I want to get back to the news because we
spent an awful lot of time on this unplanned Sony discussion but here's
here's my last thought. Should
Sony push back the release of this to save themselves yes or no?
They're going to have to I think. Just right now given the level of technology
they're trying to fit into that
little box that they had as a demo. I mean, they were obviously running off of the right
mounted servers. How are they going to fit that in there without having serious cooling
issues?
Are they done for if they push it back? Should they not even...
They've already screwed themselves. Pushing them back. Honestly, I don't know if it will
hurt or help them because they have already screwed themselves over.
Alright, Loki?
I think it's going to be a big mistake if they don't push it out by Christmas and the
The reason why is because you've got the strong Xbox third quarter, or fourth quarter, basically
all these big name games, the must have killer app games, Forza 2, Gears of War, and just
a lot of really big stuff that's coming out for the 360.
If you delay it any further, like into spring, people are already going to be snapping up
the Xbox 360 and they'll say to hell with the PS3.
Although, if they do launch PS3 now, you're going to get a lot of unfinished games, you're
going to get a lot of things that may not work right, and it's going to be one big clusterfuck.
It's going to be kind of like the Xbox 360 launch was, you know, to a greater extent
though.
And, I don't know, we'll have to see if maybe they've been, you know, playing it down that
they really are, you know, ready to launch this thing, but I don't know.
Alright, I'm going to run down some quick chat comments here in our chatroom, orangeonstrader.com,
click on chat.
28 says ps3 in 2006 I'll eat my hat if that happens let's see Legend of Zaku
says they need it to live or Nintendo will eat them alive Boy Wonder Zero says
they can't do it bandit says this the PlayStation 3 is to next gen for this
gen hmm and Sakurina says recap fuck next generation consoles go retro okay
well I guess that the Dreamcast is having a resurgence from what I
But anyway, we need to get back into some more news here, so let's keep it on moving
here.
Loki, you have some news on the Wii.
Yes, also basically one of the big things about the Wii was that this Wii Connect 24
service that they're going to be having, they'll basically allow you to have updates.
Some of the things that they're talking about is daily content, and this can be anything
from DS demos to movies, etc.
basically new content each day for you. I think that's great. I don't think that's going
to happen. That's maybe a bit optimistic, but definitely I like the idea of having DS
demos on there so you can actually play that. That's pretty cool. That's something that
Sony should copy, to be honest. I mean, PS3 downloadable demos, that'd be a really good
thing.
So hopefully, the other thing though is, I mean, granted there's only limited storage
on this thing, hopefully they'll have some way to turn this off in case you don't want
it because it's going to fill up your hard drive or flash memory pretty quick.
Alright, now there's another console to consider in the whole next generation wars that we've
kind of forgot about it.
It kind of hasn't been there, right DarkSakura?
Forgetting about it, we should still forget about it, I'm surprised this is even still
being considered.
Infinium is saying the Phantom is still going to launch.
are still moving forward in development, that's a quote, and they are licensing to PC manufacturers
right now.
And we set up our launch title as Duke Nukem Forever.
Might sell some systems.
But it's supposed to be actually an on-demand game service to deliver the games to the system
in the living room through online means.
So correct me if I'm wrong, it sounds like GameTap on your TV, in a way, but not with
classic titles, but with new games.
That's what it's looking like.
Huh.
But they've changed their launch date now from mid-2006 to October.
Their new CEO is basically going in saying that they're really pushing it.
They're trying to get the Phantom lap board out, which is a combination keyboard and mouse.
And they're saying it's on schedule for first arrivals in October for the U.S. market.
right now they're running at uh... seventy million dollar loss
you know maybe the product created maybe this is why nintendo's afraid to
announce the launch date for the week as they're shaking in their boots over this
phantom launch i mean this is that's a hell of a split
no i know
here's what they needed to do with the phantom
if you really want to put this out and actually be successful with it and
you're talking about on-demand service why don't you do like pitch it
to cable companies cable companies now are starting to do this you know
on-demand crap where you can download movies and karaoke and stuff like that
why not games?
Just, you know, soup up their hardware right now and offer games
where you can download them on-demand play. Hey, you want to know something weird?
Cable companies did this in the eighties and I don't know if it was something that was just
being tested locally in this market but my cable box back in like
back when the only system we had was like the Atari 2600 this is before the
launch of the NES, we were talking about that long ago
you could get games on demand like poker and stuff that had better graphics
entire choice is hundred
and use your remote and that never for some reason I never took off I don't
know
remember the Satellaview? No, I didn't have that. Well the Satellaview is what they had in
Japan for the Super Nintendo. Oh, okay. The Zelda Satellaview which is actually
in my opinion the best version of the first Zelda game ever.
I remember back in the day when they had the Sega channel and that was okay
but it was slow as hell. Nowadays though with everything being broadband I think they
should do that. They do this in hotel rooms right now too.
Oh yeah, I see chat rooms. They have Xbox Arcade.
It's the same difference.
But I think that's something that they should really do because in that way, you know,
I don't want to buy a game console but you know maybe this game service where
GameTap should fucking go in the business with these people and you know
I think that'd be good too but I don't know.
It's really where they need to be going because the Phantom console has like a PC
on-demand thing
people have done it for cheaper and better so
yeah. Alright, well let's keep it moving here. I want to talk about the ESRB for a
minute
Penny Arcade is actually teaming up with ESRB. This is kind of interesting
Gabe from Penny Arcade wrote that they have been signed by the ESRB to put
together a new advertising campaign
meant to educate gamers about the ESRB's rating systems. It's going to show up in
magazines and websites and all that stuff
Um, I think that's kind of interesting. I like...
Penny Arcade has a very funny approach to social issues sometimes, so I'll be very
curious to see what they come up with for this ESRB. I think it'll be very
creative.
There's some very creative guys over there. Well, you remember they actually had a kind of
little thing teasing at it at E3. You probably saw those, um,
pillars that they had with the characters. So, I think
any way to get the message out there is great. I mean, especially if,
you know it's something that you know parents can be able to use and so there's
less confusion on
the ratings. Because I remember they have that kind of like movie theaters, you know the little cartoon
thing showing what each
you know rating means and stuff. Right. I think that would be
a pretty good thing. Or even like you know TV commercials, how they have like TV
commercials talking about the TV ratings.
Probably a good thing. Blaze would like to point out in her chat room the gamers understand
how the ESRB works is the parents that need to be educated.
Yeah. So let's hope whatever they're working on is you know kind of
geared towards parents but I would say if it's educated if it's aimed at
gamers talking to parents about what they're playing I think that's not a bad
thing either but I don't know that would be kind of a hard thing to market but
you know at Penny Arcade they're creative they can come up with something
I'm sure moving on let's go on over to Loki who has news on another video game
law yep and this one's in it's been passed in Minnesota their last latest
state law is basically finding, and this is interesting, finding the people that buy the
game and not the sellers of the games. So basically if you're a miner and you live in
Minnesota and you happen to purchase an emirated game, well the blame is going to fall in your
hands. You're going to be fined $25 for that.
That's smart.
I think it's a great idea.
That's the right approach to take because really whose responsibility is it? It's the
person who's paying out the money, they want the product, the game retailer, why should
they parent other people's children for them?
So I'm fully in support of that.
Basically they're saying that they're not trying to punish gamers and basically if you
do get caught doing this and get fined, it would not go on your record, it's just you'd
be fined $25.
The other thing though is they're saying that they don't know how they're going to enforce
it, which is, I don't know, it's interesting, I think it's the right approach to punish
the people buying the games, or maybe even the parents, you know, because, I don't know,
maybe the fine should be, well, I don't know if it's a little bit too, you know, the right
price point or not, maybe a little bit higher of a fine would be a bit better, but I guess
it's sort of a step in the right direction, instead of, you know, just trying to say,
oh, let's ban all bad video games type thing.
Alright, speaking of bad things and games doing bad things to children, an affiliate
of Fox, a Fox 9 TV station, further proving that the media does not get games sometimes.
They ran a story recently that talked about how children are using a game device to access
porn out of thin air.
The gaming device in question, the PSP, and of course, if you consider that the PSP can
access the internet and that if you listen to Avenue Q, the internet is for porn, this
does not make any surprise at all that you can download porn on your PSP.
This kind of reminds me of that other story that ran out that long ago about how you know
predators can pick up children in PictoChat whereas I never find people chatting in PictoChat.
This is just kind of one of those, is this really news?
I mean if you really understand that the PSP gets on the internet and you can get anything
on the internet, you probably can't just get porn pictures on the internet.
You could get crazy stuff, pictures too.
You could get Tub Girl on the PSP if you really wanted it, although I hope you don't want
download that crap
yeah right
so whatever media
stop trying to
sell all that
sensationalist stuff fair and balanced
well you know what it's easy to blame fox and use that whole thing but really
uh...
i think there's a lot of uneducated media folks out there in general i think
it's easy to pick on fox in this case but my favorite though was the uh...
penny arcade response to the whole thing over there with a calculator the edge
There's a sketch in the calculator.
Your calculator can say boobs, which is something else.
Speaking of porn, DarkSakura likes to surf the internet up and down all day long for
porn.
Hey!
But once in a while she stumbles upon a site she wants to share with you in a little segment
we call DarkSakura's Website of the Week.
DarkSakura, where should the kids be surfing to this week?
Today's Website of the Week is, I actually had one and then there was another one that
I have found earlier that I'm going to stick with because of the article I found on it.
It's at Livescience.com. If you're going to this URL, it's Livescience.com slash technology
slash 050201 underscore cell underscore danger dot HTML. Basically, it's talking about how
drivers on cell phones kill thousands of people. Yeah, this is what I've been trying to point
out to people forever. And when I found this article, I was like, finally statistics. Basically,
If you are a 20-year-old driver behind the wheel of a cell phone, your reaction time
is the same as a 70-year-old driver who is not using a cell phone.
Basically, you drive like an old man if you're on your cell phone.
All the more reason to take old people off the road.
Cell phone distractions cause 2,600 deaths and 330,000 injuries in the United States
every year, according to the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Drivers talking on cell phones are 18% slower to react to brake lights, and they're also
12% greater following distance, at least that's one thing good, but they also took 17% longer
to regain speed once they had braked.
Basically it slows down your reaction time, it makes you a danger to yourself and everybody
else on the road.
So I suggest that everybody read this article and hang up your god damn phone, so everyone
should read this, this is my side of the week.
Alright, and if you want to call me to talk about this, I'll be driving to the bay tonight,
so I'll have plenty of time to talk.
kidding I'm too serious about it I think it's it's actually having known someone
who lost her child because the other driver was talking on her cell phone
once you ran him over then yeah I definitely am very much against it all
right going back to games now Loki and can the continuing saga of the Wii
release date you know what I think is interesting if you check dig calm out
this week some story that was speculating like a November 11th launch
or something got like a thousand digs or something, and it kind of struck me as amazing, not to
knock the story, but their source was kind of like some guy anonymously told us.
I realize that our source to some people doesn't seem much better and that's fine, but I was
just kind of surprised that everybody seemed to be jumping at that date based off of shaky
evidence.
Well, Loki has further evidence that seems to point towards October, take it with a grain
assault if you want, but here it is.
And I'd like to preface something real quick.
I saw there was a little story on GameSpot this week talking about Activision's upcoming
titles for the fourth quarter, including some titles like Pimp My Ride the Game, and some
Cavalla's Alaskan Hunt game or something like that, and other stuff.
You do remember way back when I talked about this months ago.
I do.
When was that one event?
It was during Destination PlayStation in Florida. They announced all this stuff.
Did anyone pay attention to that? No. When they showed the week of Destination PlayStation,
we did. You'll hear a local saying this.
And seriously, I get this information, you know, and nobody pays attention to it
until like a big site comes and repeats the same thing and then everyone's like,
oh, okay. So anyways, more we dates, of course,
and guess what? They're all around the same time again. And this time we've got Activision
and Ubisoft, and a little bit bigger companies out there should know when the Wii's coming
out. Granted some of their games though, like for example, Call of Duty 3, that is on the
launch date, which is great. I didn't even know Call of Duty was coming to the Wii. Oh,
I mentioned that also on that same podcast about Destination PlayStation. Why didn't
they show that at E3? They did. Sort of, in movie form. It was like, it was a pre-rendered
movie it was like eh, but okay, not on the Wii, but they were showing it on other consoles.
Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam, that one is coming out the week after launch on October 26th,
of course, you know, not everything coming out on the launch date.
And then Rayman 4 is coming out day and date with all the systems on the, what was it,
November 1st.
And then Marvel Ultimate Alliance also coming out actually to coincide with the Playstation
free launch because that's being launched on every single system that day on November
16th. So there's some more games for you. Granted not all of them are on October 18th
but I think we still haven't gotten a lot of the company's stuff yet and obviously
you know you're not going to be just announcing stuff for launch. You're going to be launching
with more titles. It's still within the launch window and it's about a week away
from the thing. I'm still sticking with October 18th and I will be laughing my ass off when
this does come out on October 18th or when they come out with the news that we're launching
on the anniversary of the original Nintendo. Okay, what if it doesn't turn out that way
though? What if they do come out and say it's November 11th? What are you going to do? Well
then good, it's coming out November 11th. But you know what? I think it's coming out
this date and granted there's powers that may not be able to make it at this launch
at this launch date you know things can delay stuff but
it's too convenient
not to happen i mean
there's too many coincidences seriously and
with you know more and more publishers every day every week you know agreeing
that this is the time frame notice all these dates aren't all in november
they're not all hovering around in november
like it would be coming out in november so it's definitely okay
definitely in october
and most likely on the 18th
alright
we'll see
uh... dark soccer now you have some definite for sure release dates to share
with us correct? I sure do! But now this isn't for the U.S., these are for the U.K.
Cause screw the U- I mean
you do live here. I know, dammit. Alright, okay
uh...
this is uh... the release dates for our U.K. listeners um... coming up on the
ninth of the following games
we have Zoo Tycoon 2, oh sorry, that was the second
F11-7A Stealth Fighter on PC is coming out
Namco Museum 50th Anniversary on GameCube
Sensible Soccer 2006 on PC, Xbox, PlayStation 2
and Talkman on PSP
also on the 13th we have Kolpa Inata on PC
that's going to be the following Monday
Alright, Loki, do you have anything in the US?
Yeah, there's lots of fun stuff coming out this coming week here.
Of course, actually, you know, it's kind of getting to a dead part of the month, Urban
Chaos Riot Response is supposed to be coming out, actually that will be the following week.
This week, though, we have Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories on PlayStation 2, and
that should be good, unfortunately there isn't multiplayer on it, so that kind of sucks.
But also we've got Ant-One Street Ball coming out on Playstation 2 and Xbox, I believe I
talked about this last week, Gradius Collection is going to be coming out on the PSP, which
is pretty awesome.
And then of course like I said the following week, Urban Chaos Right Response on Playstation
2 and Xbox, and the Streetfire Alpha Anthology on the Playstation 2 as well.
And unfortunately if you're waiting for 360 games, there's only going to be one this month
and that would be MotoGP 2006.
Hopefully there'll be some more Xbox Live games, arcade games to go with that.
Hopefully Luminous, I'm hoping.
Hopefully anything.
Live's been kind of dead since E3 with UNO.
All you need is UNO.
Well, UNO's really the only game that's really come out in quite a while, and I realize UNO
is a pretty good release, but after hearing some of the stuff they teased at E3, I'm like,
come on, bring on the Contra, bring on the Luminous.
Well I've got a few more things real quick because there's been some shuffling going
around obviously.
DDR has been moving.
Oh really?
DDR moved.
What happened?
Well the updates changed so let's get caught up here with what's been going on.
DDR Supernova not coming out on the 13th but coming out on the 2nd now of September so
that's pretty good.
Alright.
up a bit, and of course Supernova, also I believe moved up, and it's now coming out,
let's see here, it was in October, actually also one game that did get delayed, Final
Fantasy XII, coming out on October 11th now, so that kind of sucks.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, could that be something else to show that there's competition
with the Wii there?
Because didn't Dragon Quest VIII get shuffled to come out right on the same day as the Xbox
360?
Maybe?
I don't know.
Interesting.
It wasn't a very good, yeah, it wasn't very good to...
But Final Fantasy XII is a great counter title.
That's okay.
Interesting.
I'm sorry.
Not Super...
Ultimax 4, October 2nd now, so that got pushed up a little bit, same day as Elibits, so that's
kind of cool.
And then of course we have for the 360 universe, which is now November 2nd, and so yeah, they're
really aiming on the 2nd for a lot of these, but lots of good games coming out though in
the fall that's for sure.
kind of weird. Why would they all get shifted to the second? Are those all even Tuesdays?
Why would they do that? They don't come out on Tuesdays. It's usually
Wednesdays and stuff. Are you sure it's not going to change again
next week? I'm never certain about dates until it actually
gets to the week of and even then I'm not certain sometimes.
When it comes down to Konami, they tend to really keep about the same dates for stuff.
if they announce a game that's coming out in September on a certain week, it usually
won't shift around too much. So I'm pretty confident those are going to be the dates.
Alright, well we'll see. DarkSakura, going back to the UK for a little bit, do you have
some information about what's selling over there?
I've got the chart information. Apparently right up at the top of the list is Hitman
Blood Money and second place we have World Cup Germany 2006 put out by Eidos
there's actually a couple of the other games on here that they're working on
is actually the championship manager 2006 is actually at number nine fourth
place there's Rockstar Games table tennis that you were talking about
out playing last week yep and tomb raider legend is at number five six
place x-men the official game da vinci code is at eight animal crossing
wild world that at number seven that actually moved up from number nine and
Sims 2 is and number 10 some of the debuts that came out though was rise of
nations rise of legends at 37 super princess peach at 29 basically DS titles
though all over the place um they're speculating that uh the new super mario brothers is gonna
really show up high as well as uh brain training so that's how it's looking right now apparently
they love hitman all right oh it is new they mentioned in chat that september 2nd is saturday
i i i don't know about that loki i think some somebody made a booboo yeah maybe over there
so i take that with a huge grain of salt i think it's gonna go back to the way it was
next week. So just goes to show your database is not always foolproof.
It's not, but they're pretty close. Top Xbox 360 and Xbox Live
games are out thanks to Major Nelson. You want to know what folks are playing on the 360?
The number one game, Call of Duty 2. Number two, Ghost Recon 3. Number three,
Oblivion.
All the way on down to number ten, Hitman Blood Money demo, making a new entry
there on the chart. Rockstar Table Tennis coming in at number seven.
uh... the top games on the original xbox number one halo 2 of course
number two battlefield 2 and number three counter strike
all the way on down to uh... ghost recon 2 at number 10
the rest the titles not a lot of new stuff there on the original xbox
alright uh... i want to share with you guys a story coming in from japan we're
talking about the ESRB earlier
well the CERO is japan's equivalent
and they have a new rating system that they're gonna use.
They have two separate ratings for M-type games, okay?
A title gets what's called a D,
basically there's letters, A, B, C, D, and Z.
A title gets a D rating if it's 17 years and older,
and the Z rating is for adults 18 and up,
so that's kind of interesting.
If you wanna know the type of games
that are getting a Z rating right now,
You have Killer7, Max Payne, Grand Theft Auto Vice City, The Getaway, Berserk, D-rated games,
as in the 17 and older, you have things like Fable, Ninja Gaiden, Dead or Alive 4, God
of War, Rumble Roses, kind of interesting this system they have there.
I like that.
It's A, B, C, D, and Z, where I guess C is 15 and up and B is 12 and up and A is everybody.
It's like the movie rating system because 15 is basically their equivalent of the PG-13.
Like Battle Royale, for example, was a 15 and up movie.
I always said for a long time we should just mirror the movie system here.
I'm surprised that Berserk was mentioned being that that's an old Dreamcast title.
And then again, though, it was a pretty violent anime and manga.
Loki!
Are we going to be seeing gaming at the Olympics soon?
I hope not.
But then again, I've seen weird stuff come to the Olympics, so who knows.
But according to GameSpot actually, the founder of the Global Gaming League is trying to get
gaming as a demo sport in the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
And basically has been discussing this with the Chinese government and the possibility
of having a gaming show at the Olympics.
And if this happens, I guess, I don't know, they're trying to make gaming more viable.
To be honest, I think they have a better chance of getting masturbation in the Olympics as
an event over gaming.
Gaming is so sedentary, it's not even actually a sport.
No.
I don't want to see gaming as an Olympic event at all.
Really?
You don't think it would legitimize gaming or anything?
No, it's not a sport.
Gaming doesn't need to be legitimized.
okay it's not sport they don't have fucking poker
as an Olympic event okay can't play chess at the Olympics
okay so no
it's not event not at all unless they come out with a game
running your arm I'm track that is not
even close to being a sport okay if it was someone's athletic ability you've
got
the floor exercises for gymnastics DDR is nothing compared to that
Breakdancing would be a better sport than gaming.
And of course we have the classic witty retort from the chatroom that DDR is a sport in the Netherlands, Norway.
Good for them.
Does that count?
Norway doesn't count.
Moving on.
DarkSakura, you have some news on Half-Life.
Do I? Well, you know what Half-Life is.
that's what the notes say I know I know I Dark Sakura needs food badly don't
shoot food no um seriously half-life 2 episode 1 is out released in at 6 p.m.
in the UK on a January sorry on a June 6th after June 1st sorry I'm all
backwards today basically it's uh it's out about people can play it and you
actually can they actually had it available for a pre-purchase as well too
but now you can pre-load it
for $19.95 or you can buy it
from scratch and download it. But right now though they're saying the servers
are pretty loaded on it.
Okay. And for the record in the UK
EA is distributing the game for £15.
Alrighty. Well if you don't want to have to pay anything
for your gaming fun. There's a simulation out that might be for you. It's called
Free Tar Hero. It's basically
to Guitar Hero what StepMania was to DDR.
Free Tar Hero is released. It's available at a site.
It's called, I'm going to have to spell this for you guys,
A-N-T-O-N-S-T-R-U-Y-K dot com
slash Free Tar, F-R-E-E-T-A-R.
and basically what it is is a rhythm game of course based on Guitar Hero
and you can with according to the website create
edit and playback button timings for any song on your computer with any gamepad
like device
so essentially you can you know have a take an mp3
make your button pattern to it and you can play Guitar Hero to it and they
even posted some screenshots here on the site
however all you can really do right now is that
You can download, I think, the button editor, and then the game itself, I suppose, is going
to come out later.
So we'll see.
But it's in the works.
So if you've ever wanted to make your own Guitar Hero stuff, well, there's free
Guitar Hero.
Loki, some things are being developed for an old platform.
Yes, the Dreamcast, which is ironic because actually iGen's been doing this thing now
where they're re-revealing every single Dreamcast game that's ever been made and starting
off, you know, with a lot of games. But, according to Dreamcast Scene actually, Goat Store publishing
firm has announced that they have plans to release 10 more games for the Dreamcast over
the next year and a half. And that's great if, I mean, if you have a Dreamcast still.
And there's actually, you know, a lot of stuff out there that you can download and burn that
that are homebrew, so definitely check it out, I mean, especially if you have a Dreamcast.
You can get ROMs and all sorts of stuff. I think even when we talked about it a little
while back, they had, what was it, a marathon on the Dreamcast, which is pretty interesting.
There's still a lot of love for the Dreamcast out there, so the fact that there's folks
out there, I mean, heck, if they could put out that game on the Genesis that Baker Prince
came out not that long ago. I'm sure the Dreamcast still has a lot of love for it too, so there's
always something going to be cooking for that system. Especially because it's so easy to
burn your own stuff and put it on there. I mean, Genesis takes a lot more work. That
Baker Prince probably had a lot of work that went into it, but Dreamcast is, you know,
it's kind of easy to bring on CD in comparison. In case you're wondering what games they will
be bringing, well here's some of the games right now and I don't know if these are going
to be too exciting, but Feet of Fury 2, remember that DDR clone that they had for the Dreamcast,
Donk, a Cryptic Illusions remake of the CDI game, Decastle, Age of the Beast Special Edition,
which is basically a clone of Altered, not Altered Beast, I can't remember, it's very
similar to that Beats of Rage that came out a while back, which is the Streets of Rage
An Amnesia adventure game, a new graphic adventure, a new adventure game from SF Software, a remake
of a Cancel Links game inspired by Tempest 2000, a new 3D fighter using the Quake engine,
Samurai Warrior using the enhanced Pizza Rage engine, and Project Firestorm Shmup, whatever
the hell that's supposed to mean.
best of luck to them
that's a pretty ambitious undertaking
alright we'll see how they turn out
uh... hopefully it won't get the cold reception that this is getting there was
a rom hack
i think that's what it is a rom hack i don't see what else this could be it's
super mario brothers 2.5D
and what they mean by that is that well it's not 3D but they kind of change the
graphics to give it a
kind of an ISO view a little bit like imagine you could turn the camera in the
original Super Mario Brothers
And they turned it to the side a little bit, giving everything a little bit of depth.
Well that's what this whole release is all about.
I didn't really have time to play it, so I checked out Kotaku's review, they have a review
on it there, one of their staffs reviewed it and said that they played it for about
30 seconds.
Aside from being hideously ugly, the game is sort of floaty feeling, none of the snappiness
of the original, and the levels are not identical either, it's a cute idea but needs some serious
work.
And so in case you're wondering where you...
That's according to Kotaku.
want to know where you can download this, right? www.plunder.com slash super dash mario
dash b r o s dash 2 dash 5 d dash d l 3 3 9 0 dot h t m. This doesn't sound like something
I'm exactly going to be running out and checking out. Yeah, so sorry to say, I'll have to try
Alright, and I'll make a link in the chatroom, of course.
Alrighty, let's go on now to, oh, I saved the best for the last for this break.
Loki, you have a story about Mac fans.
Yes, I do.
I love this.
No, but anyways, according to Business Week, don't hate me, but anyways, according to a
Business Week article, they say that there is a lack of games available for the Mac and
asked, why doesn't Apple try its hand at building good games for the Mac on its own? And well,
their answer, Mac users aren't really into games. And so, yeah, we're not quite sure,
I don't know if they entirely addresses the state of Mac gaming, but
Yeah, that's why Mac users don't really like games
And that's according to who again it's according to business week
I'm just making sure you get your source out there when all the hate mail starts coming in for business week says you don't like
games
All right, not surprising
Rini in our chat room who I know is a Mac fan says, whoever wrote that isn't trying.
They're not trying.
Fuck you, Businessweek.
All right, we're going to go to a break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
When we come back, we'll have plenty more news and information, and that'll be coming
up in just a little bit.
Thanks for listening.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
