Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. Here it is episode number 186 for this June the 11th of 2006.
And Loki is going to start off this set with a piece of news about the PlayStation 3.
Yes, the PlayStation 3. Basically,
they're saying that the early units are going to have the hardware to play the
original, or the PlayStation 2 stuff. So they're going to have PlayStation 2 hardware
inside to be able to play the older games.
And later as time goes on and they've
further finish their hardware, they're going to start emulating it via software, which
good or very bad. I suppose that's one way to make sure backwards compatibility
is perfect.
That is one way. They did the same thing with the original
PlayStation 2. The only thing is
you know, I don't know,
this time around though it's going to be more hardware than just one chip.
But you could upscale on the original plate, like you could do the faster
loading. Yeah, but the thing is they have the original chip
in there to be able to do that. It's just like this is gonna have
the PlayStation 2 hardware built in, but you can still upscale that.
That doesn't have anything to do with it. But later on they're going to be going
completely software with this. But still this means that it's going to be
even more hardware crammed inside of this thing, and as it is
I think they're having trouble fitting the hardware in that case. I mean
it's going to end up being larger than the original Xbox by the time they're done with it.
Oh, we'll see. You never know. It'll be like the size of a refrigerator or something.
Yeah, remember that case that we saw before back in E3?
That was a scale model. It's actually going to be a lot bigger.
Alright, let's see, moving on, another story about the PlayStation 3.
Watch JP had an interview with Ken Kutaragi regarding the PlayStation 3.
Basically what happened is that the PlayStation 3 is,
Kutaragi calls it a configuration, not a model.
He says Sony wants to upgrade all aspects of the console as time goes on,
like the hard drive size, maybe even the CPU specs.
specs. Sony may release an upgraded version of the console every year, and
Sony is really not thinking about the price or anything here. Here's the
direct quote, I think it's okay to release an extended configuration every
year, laugh. Though I say it like a joke, Dell will do it and Apple will do it too.
In PC, if you fix the spec for two years, you'll be caught up. Computers should be
changing, right? It's inevitable that 60 gigabytes will become short. Memory may
become short too. There are many possibilities. So in other words, if you become an early
adopter of the Playstation 3, you may get screwed on this stuff.
And if they didn't... it's a console. It's not a PC. I know they're thinking it's a PC,
but if it's a PC, then get into the goddamn PC market. Don't try to push this crap. It's
not a fucking Vio. It's a goddamn Playstation. Well, DarkSakura might have more info here
on what Sony's thinking.
I just might.
Basically Sony's basically going off about the hardware setup and how they're having
it upgraded because basically they're, well actually didn't they try to do that before?
Yeah, the PlayStation 2.
Yeah.
When they brought it out in Europe they're basically trying to push it as a computer
or not as a game console, um, they were saying that basically importing game consoles into
the European Union is a huge tax drain, where computers are not, so they wanted to get out
of paying the taxes that they actually released Linux for the PS2.
Huh.
Yeah.
So, um, basically, that's the theory is that they're trying to do that again, and we might
even see Linux for the PS3.
Well yeah, they've flaunted the Linux thing on the PlayStation 3 for everybody, so that's
not a surprise at all.
Just the whole concept of calling it a computer is somewhat interesting.
I think it's, well here's the problem with computers and the problem if they do this.
Which system do you develop?
Do you develop for the one that's the weakest, or do you develop for the one that has all
the new bells and whistles in it because now you're making games that don't work on the
older systems.
That's not good, and that's not a good thing to actually come out and say that you're gonna
do when you're trying to get people to buy your system in the first place
because it's you know six hundred dollars don't tell them oh yeah by the
way we're gonna have one that's better that's coming out next year people
aren't gonna fucking buy your damn system then so remember what we were
saying about the gag order in the first half so seriously needs to shut up for a
little while he does need to learn how to freaking keep their corporate mouth
shut moving on let's move over to the Nintendo Wii there was some more news on
virtual console this week, right Loki? Yes, that's correct.
Um, actually, Nintendo president
Sirot, I'm gonna mispronounce this, Satoru
Iwata, um, he announced, or basically outlined the price ranges
of some of the games that are gonna be on the virtual console for lease and download in
Japan. Um, he says they're gonna be anywhere between 500 yen and 1000 yen
and basically that, you know, is the equivalent of about $458.99 in the US.
Now that won't translate exactly though I would say five and ten bucks
probably to be competitive with Xbox Live. Maybe four and eight bucks you know they
might try to undercut
Xbox Live a little bit who knows but or do the old 99 cents you know for $4.99
and $9.99 and all that stuff.
You know I wouldn't see you know with some of these games like
even like their first party games whatever they could really do 99 cents I
mean
the thing is is the Nintendo console if you put the virtual console with like
thousands of items on their side I believe what happened is that the story
was slightly
altered later whatever there was some clarification that came out that said
that
this is only in regards to new stuff
this is not addressed the way he's that they're gonna price the old Nintendo
Entertainment System games the Super Nintendo games
this is only about new things developed for the Virtual Console that's the price
range they're looking at
I'm telling you dude if they do 99 cents per game that's gonna be one sweet deal
Or, as something I have thought of before, and I was saying this on one of the weeknight
shows here on Orange Lounge Radio, I was saying it's possible that they could bundle games
together, like maybe five games for five bucks, the old NES titles.
You know, Balloon Fight, Donkey Kong, and all that stuff, put them together for one
prize.
But I don't know, we'll see, I suppose.
Or as an added incentive to say, maybe Super Mario Galaxy, bundle in the retro Mario games
with that too.
Mario Super Mario Brothers 2
and so on so forth.
Moving on I have a story here about the Nintendo DS and the Wii
having some connectivity here. Basically, well of course you know they tried to do
this with the GameCube and the Game Boy Advance but it
didn't really work out. However, here's some
things that Iwata said that is going to basically be how the DS and Wii work together.
The DS can be used as a touch screen controller for the Wii.
DS software can be expanded using the Wii.
The DS can access DS station services
via the Wii. So we were kinda thinking that that might be one feature that you
know you could
download DS demos using your Wii and I think that's a kick-butt idea. It's very
smart.
Nintendo's got some really interesting stuff in store so we'll just
have to see how it all works.
you know cuz sometimes things look good on paper but they don't execute very
well but this this all sounds really good I don't know how they could screw
that up
well on top all that stuff they had a few more things they're announcing
including you know some some new stuff
Pokemon battle revolution was one of the things that they announced
well I have to say this
GS 191 says I hope this isn't going to be as shitty as a rearview mirror
yeah but Nintendo actually knows how to use their
Exactly, I mean at least the stuff that they had, granted it may not have been the best
stuff for the system, but it was still pretty cool to play some NES games on the Game Boy
Advance when you had Animal Crossing or using it in Crystal Chronicles, stuff like that.
One thing that they are mentioning though is that the price, or not the price, the release
date is going to be announced before September huh so that's interesting so
we'll have to wait and see I wonder why they're waiting so long maybe they maybe
they still I'm starting to theorize maybe even though we've had all the
speculation that we think October 18th the date and everything maybe Nintendo
really still doesn't know what date they're gonna do maybe they're waiting
until they're absolutely certain they can hit it and then they'll reveal it I
don't know I'm just starting to wildly speculate here but maybe they feel they
don't need this three-month hype going into it. They already have the hype coming off
E3. They don't really need to announce, oh it's coming out, they could do it six weeks
in advance and still get away with it. So who knows? Because let's say they announced
the date in early September and the October 18th date turns out to be true, that would
only be like six weeks. But that's enough time. Very interesting. Let's see, also Nintendo
has lots in store for the DS for the rest of the year DS by the way has
shipped 8.43 million units in Japan in just 18 months that's pretty interesting
let's see on July 20th the company is going to release a Shabiru DSO Riori
Navi it's a cooking program for the DS and then on October the company is going
to release Nihon I'm gonna butcher these names so bad I apologize oh my gosh it's
a huge name basically look at that you want to read that whole thing I can't
see okay okay me on Joshiki riyoku can take your kai kanshu others more okay
imma why he told me how can I otona no Joshiki riyoku training ds basically
that is just common knowledge. It's a brain training game called Common
Knowledge. They plan on releasing three to four touch generation series titles
per year and of course those are the games that are designed like the brain
training games and things that are really designed for the adult audience
as well as kids. They're saying hardcore gamers will not be left out but there
was no mention of really any new games but Iwata did mention that Final Fantasy
and Pokemon Diamond and Pearl are on their way. Final Fantasy III is set for an August 24th release,
but again that's Japan, but I imagine the US won't be far behind. Speaking of Pokemon, Lukey.
Yes, Pokemon Battle Revolution. And I'm not a huge Pokemon fan, but what's interesting about this
is the fact that the graphics look a lot better than what we saw at E3 on the Wii.
And that I thought was quite interesting. The game actually though looks like it's going to tie in with
with the DS and Game Boy Advance versions of the new Pokemon games.
As well as, suppose they use the DS as a microphone for the game as well.
What looks interesting though, they actually have video up from it.
It looks like Final Fantasy X battles.
I mean basically just really hardcore battles and the graphics look pretty good and I'm
I'm not sure if you've seen the picture yet but I mean that looks pretty damn
good for a
game that you know a lot better than the stuff we saw at E3.
Well it just goes back to the story even we talked about the first half about the
Xbox and you know they're saying they've only used 60 percent.
It's the same thing with the Wii in any system you know.
The very first things you see out the gate aren't going to be the system's full
potential.
And this game is supposed to launch in 2006.
Well, that's kind of early then.
Maybe the Wii's capable of even more and more and more.
We'll see.
I think so.
All right, well, one interesting game
that may be on its way out soon.
Dark Sakura, you have some news on this.
It's a Zelda spin-off for the DS,
called Mogitate Tingle Bara Irupi Land,
which translates to Fresh Tingle's Rose Colored
Rupi Land.
Fresh Tingles.
Tingle was in Wind Waker and Majora's Mask.
And also, I mentioned that Tingle actually
really translates over to tinkle they just changed it because that would be really bad
anyway you are uh basically carted around by this person named rupe uh
i guess it's rupeji it was supposed to be old man rupee it basically tells you to
uh who to maybe rupeji i guess it's written like it'd be rupeji but anyway um it has to
So you have to basically collect rupees and throw them in a magic spring so you go to
rupee land and you turn into Tingle.
So you also get help from a fairy named Pingle who talks to you by a TV in your house.
And you have to pay people and keep them happy and go through toll gates.
Tingle and Pingle, this sounds like Teletubbies the game.
So another title that's coming up for DS is Kaito Wario 7, guess what, WarioWare.
Oh, cool.
Yep.
And it's by the studio that brought us F-Zero Climax on the GBA and Rhythmic Star on itoy.
F-Zero Climax.
Yeah, F-Zero will make you.
I'm gonna win, I'm gonna win!
Oh!
Alright, moving on, Loki, let's get into some political-oriented news, Loki.
Yes.
Clinton opened her big fat mouth and she basically said that the federal
government needs to step in to ensure that electronic media including video
games isn't harming children's development and what she's basically
suggesting is that they approve a federal funded research program into the
effects or broad effects of media from everything from television to video
games to the internet on children. What she needs to research is a way that parents do
their fucking job. And she also needs to research her goddamn new platform to be, you know,
bitching about. Cause I don't like it. Well you know what's interesting here now, if you
read a little further down in the story it says there's a quote from Clinton that says
obviously parents are on the front line but a lot of them need help. Very interesting
quote there.
Parents do not need goddamn help.
You could put...
Hold on, I want to point this out too.
This statement, by the way, came just like hours before the House of Representatives
made that indecency fine increase, $32,500 up to $325,000.
That was a 379 to 35 vote in the House.
You know what, it's not the place of our government to be sticking their nose into how parents
do their job.
need to actually be the ones to do their job and if you're not ready to do that
job don't have the children we mean they don't understand how to do their job
there's a goddamn reading system that tells them what it's appropriate for
what age what kind of content is in said product and there's also parental
controls on your console systems mean how much more do I need to go over there
wipe their ass for them too because it's apparently oh I'm so helpless I can't
possibly monitor what my kid sees you know there's reading systems and
everything this has been done it's just the parents are too goddamn lazy to do
this and then when something bad happens I'm gonna sue for lots of money now so
you know that's basically what it comes down to the parents are retarded and
then they get paid for being retarded Thank You America rewarding the retarded
all right speaking of people not this just keeps going speaking of people not
doing their jobs and guess what one of the judges in the John a Gotti jr. trial
was doing well I already know the answer but I'll act surprised basically he was
playing solitaire well was it a she yes it was trying to find the name Shira
Sheindlin Wow who was a playing a solitaire during the trial well basically
while I'm trying to see who the name was I think it was Curtis still one of the
guardian angels from it's the one the anti-crime groups basically was
testifying and the judge was playing solitaire Wow and you know I never like
Like until I had jury duty, I always thought the judge just kind of sat there and just
kind of watched everything going on, but the judge really is doing other stuff while people
are there testifying.
And the judge will just kind of, like when the judge, like when one of the lawyers yells
objection, that's when the judge kind of looks over and will look at the last few things
said and then make a ruling.
Like otherwise the judge, I don't know if he's doing emails or looking up law things
on the internet or maybe playing solitaire, I don't know, I doubt he is, he seems like
a really smart guy.
Poor no.
It's interesting what the judges could possibly get away with.
I mean, if I hadn't done jury duty this week, I would have never imagined that this could be humanly possible.
There's an interesting quote here from Cilla basically comparing the New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg firing a city worker for playing solitaire at the desk.
To quote, should a federal judge be playing video solitaire when an employee of the New York City government gets fired for playing video solitaire?
I don't think any of us are that good at multitasking. To me, it's an abuse and an outrage.
Honestly, you know,
there's a type- I'm gonna point out something- not everyone's aware of this-
there is a type of learning called kinesthetic learning.
What this means is that you learn better while you were doing other things, when
you have something else pulling your attention.
Um, actually, we did this at work, we did a study on this at work,
where we were given, uh, like toys.
like you know Legos and stuff to do while we were at one of our training classes and
At least half of the class actually retain the knowledge in our training class better
So I you know a lot of times when when you know, I have to listen to something
I'm doodling a I doodle in class, you know people some people learn or actually I would say pay attention
Better when they've got something else going on something that is you know
when they keep one I guess one of their senses occupied be it you know in a
playing solitaire that you know they'll be able to better listen I mean there
are people that are just like that and on top of that you know I would rather
have a judge that's good at multitasking than having someone that can only focus
on one thing at one time and on top of that it's also proven that people who
play video games are better have a better understanding for complex
situations it almost sounds like you're okay with her playing solitaire I am
I'm okay with it.
It's funny.
What's the point?
I can play solitaire and freaking listen to a lecture.
I used to do that in class when I would bring my laptop up and play solitaire during my
class and I got an A in the damn class.
I used to play Doom in my Mac lab class.
It's just an interesting perspective, that's all I can say.
I think they should be fired because solitaire is not a god damn game.
It's just cards.
And the fact that you have a game on a computer with cards, that's solitaire is retarded.
is so last century i have to read the comments in our chatroom orange lounge radio.com click
on chat uh ssj100 matt says they should be playing phoenix right more is making the obvious
joke there uh blaze says the judge does not watch porn loki judges are heavily involved
and can actually swing a trial for or against the prosecution defense anyway moving right
along loki you have uh some more political oriented news yeah as if this is a big surprise
Because the ASA is going to sue Minnesota.
And why are they suing them?
Of course, because of the recent law that they passed that would fine kids $25 for buying
or renting M or adult rated games.
And basically, you know, they said that this is definitely costing taxpayers a lot of money
for a law that they can't really enforce in the first place.
And they said, and I quote, the bill has tortured effort to end the run of the first amendment
by punishing kids directly fails under the Constitution because children have rights
under the First Amendment like of all other citizens. The state is attempting to impose
liability on children because they know that the courts have constantly held that they
cannot penalize retailers. We believe that the courts will agree that fighting children
violates the First Amendment as well. And if this law is implemented, it will not only
limit the First Amendment rights for Minnesota residents. It will create a huge amount of
confusion for retailers, parents, and children. I'm confident that the court will affirm our
position given the ruling on similar statutes in other jurisdictions. And here's my problem
with the whole thing is why the hell did this law get passed in the first place? They don't
have similar laws for R-rated movies or NC-17 movies. It's fine for kids to see that stuff
and that's more lifelike than games so what the hell this is
stupid it's really stupid and it will probably get overturned anyway so
whatever.
Moving on to another state and their political news Louisiana
the Senate has unanimously passed a bill
that had a lot of involvement by he who shall not be named on this program
anymore
the media horn if you don't know who we're talking about his name rhymes with
Mr. Fuckompson... Jackass.
Yeah. Anyway, so let's see here. Basically what happened is that
the measure was
written by he who shall not be named. Actually, no I'm sorry.
Oh, it's a co-author. He's a co-author involved in this here.
It was written by Representative Roy Burrell
and he was just a co-author on it. It's HB 1381
and it makes it illegal to sell rent or lease a game to a minor if it meets
three conditions.
If the average person would think appeals to the minor's morbid entrance
in violence
or if it depicts violence in a manner patently offensive to
prevailing standards
and the game also qualifies if it lacks serious literary,
artistic, political, or scientific value for minors.
Violators could be fined between a hundred and two thousand dollars and sentenced
up to 12 months in a state prison. What a bunch of horseshit.
I mean, where's the checks here?
I hate these vague, vague laws that people are coming up with. Where is the check?
Who determines if a game lacks
serious literary, artistic, political, and scientific value for minors?
It's not the government's job to
to rate art. Though that same description, it actually does go into
free speech right because that actually is one of the defining rights for what allows free speech
and what doesn't. They're basically, they're basically trying to manipulate the constitution
into applying it toward video games instead of saying, oh well you're denying us our free
speech right, trying to make it fall under what's allowable free speech. It's the same thing. Let
me look at the first amendment. No, I actually, I want to, I want to, uh, I want to hear this, uh,
First Amendment passage here. Let's see here, I'll read some more here.
It was approved by a key committee last week, HB 1381.
It was passed the other day in a 35 to nothing vote
in the Louisiana State Senate. It now is going to go to
Democratic Governor Kathleen Blanco,
Governor of Louisiana, and of course the governor is expected to sign the bill
because of the unanimous vote
and the recent linking of games and teenage murder suspects in the Louisiana
media.
and of course you can expect that the ESA will have a problem with this and file
a lawsuit immediately. Any luck?
Well, I'm trying to find it because basically it's a matter of court
interpretation because we went over this
in my law class, some of my law classes that I've taken.
I mean basically just looking through this, we've been dealing with this
since the, you know, country, you know, was created.
Looking on here there's also a note on here
that basically they can punish words
that by their very nature invoke danger
to the public peace and to the security of the state.
That's one of the things listed.
I'm trying to find the word.
I got, here it is, on Wikipedia, on original Wikipedia.
Here's the exact text right here, yep.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof
or abridging the freedom of speech or the press
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble
and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
I'm trying to...
there was... there were a number of cases, though, where they
brought that in under... here it is, obscenity.
The federal government... just to go... I'm quoting Wikipedia, basically. The federal
government in the states have long permitted to restrict obscene and pornographic
speech.
While obscene speech generally has no protection under the First Amendment,
pornography is subject to little regulation.
the exact definition of obscenity and pornography has changed over time.
And basically, I really recommend that people go on Wikipedia and read this.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff here, but they're basically saying in Miller versus California
in 1973, a work is obscene if it, and this is basically what's referred to as the Miller test,
which is where the basis of that law in Louisiana,
a work is obscene if it would be found appealing to the prurient interest
by an average person applying contemporary community standards
depicts sexual conduct in a patently offensive way and has no
serious literary, artistic, and political or scientific value." So basically they're
taking
what they've applied to movies and applying it to video games.
Okay, let's just take this even a step further than that. Okay, let's punish people for not
sharing
because basically, you know, right here you're taking the parents responsibility for
deciding whether kids need,
you know, can see, let's go ahead and have the government step in for their
other jobs like making sure that the kids share their toys with their
brothers and sisters. And I think we should find the kids
that do not share their toys and we should also basically
enact communism all over again because this is pretty much
what they kinda want to do anyways. Wow. It's retarded!
Retarded. Moving on, now the ESRB has a
perfectly fine rating system out there it just seems like people aren't aware
of it so Loki
steps taken to try and promote the ESRB system? Exactly and Penny Arcade as we
mentioned before
is working on ads for the ESRB and some of these were actually kinda shown
a little bit at E3 and they've actually unveiled
a couple of them so far and they look pretty good they've just got a character
with text written around the outside and for example
I'm gonna pull up one here for Sarah
one of the ones advertising the E-rating.
It says, because Sarah plays video games, there is a group of people making sure
that the games she plays are rated.
They're called the Entertainment Software Ratings Board,
but that's just the long way of saying it. Usually it's called
the ESRB. They check
games to help
make sure it's hard to read. It's hard to read because it goes around the girl, huh?
I don't know. That might be something in the ad. To make sure it's
right for you, your older brother, mom and dad, anybody.
Somebody's got to do it, and they're the ones that do.
So it's basically an ad saying, you know what, this is being done.
And the same thing's being done with film. I don't understand.
Okay, they've done it in the past. They've gone after
movies and stuff, but still though,
it's the same thing it's media just because it's interactive big
deal you know big deal if it's interactive but it doesn't
it's still the same thing I mean I can go watch you know kung fu movie when I
you know kick the crap out of people afterwards it's the same damn thing
so I don't know why they're not attacking all media at the same time
alright moving on we're speaking of promotion
the ESRB trying to promote their rating systems there we like to promote good
websites on this program don't we
DarkSakura? Sure do. And DarkSakura is the queen of the internet. She surfs the
internet up and down and
finds a website that she would like to share with you guys in her website of
the week. So DarkSakura, where should the kids be going this week?
Well, I talked about them last week
because I'd had a really good experience actually doing
business with the business side of the site. But I wanted to actually promote the forums at
junkyspot.com
It's J-U-N-K-Y spot.com
For anyone who's basically getting into it, like I've been getting into the dollies, the
model dollies where you customize everything, I swear I found more information on their
forums than I have anywhere else in the entirety of the internet.
On top of that, it's a good place for communication for anybody who's into that.
I've had nothing but a good experience there.
Everyone's friendly.
It's like I haven't even seen...
It's the only forum I've ever been to that I haven't seen any flaming at all on.
Is there going to be anything for me if I'm not into dollies?
No.
No.
But I've talked to a few of our listeners who have gotten into it.
So I figured, you know, this is my, this has to be my side of the week, that's fine.
But also though there are actually some good painting tips though.
I mean a lot of these my husband was saying yeah that applies to model cars too.
Ok fair enough.
So I'm being girly ok?
If you like to dress up your models in Dead or Alive Beach Volleyball, maybe you want
to dress up a dolly.
I've seen some.
There's people who have made, who have done basically cosplay doll-fies, where they've
actually made characters from different games.
Wow.
I think it's pretty cool.
Now that could be interesting, dolls based off of, you know, the characters.
People would make those and sell them for tons of money at conventions.
You can actually buy, though, pre-done, you know, they're made by different companies,
like they've actually started releasing I think they're the the cool girls line
I'm trying to remember I think it's Takara that puts it out they have a cutie
honey and they have a Kusanagi or is it whatever her name is from Ghost in the
Shell they have a doll for that and a lot of different places but it was kind
of a weird little niche thing it's a hobby I picked up while I was you know
out of work, but it's it's a good good informative place. All right, going back
into some gaming news. Loki, some news in the Street Fighter world. Yes, and it's
it's interesting, kind of a rumor at the point right now, but it says according to
the website snk-capcom.com, a DC versus Street Fighter game may be indeed
in the works, and they're confirmed or they've confirmed with both parties at
this year's E3 that the legalities of the game were being considered and it'd be
pretty interesting that they came out with that. Now you might remember they
used to do like a Marvel versus Capcom and Marvel versus Street Fighter so DC
versus Street Fighter would be kind of cool although I think Superman would kick
everyone's ass in that so I don't know. It'd be interesting to see. Superman versus
like Chun-Li I think he's gonna beat her ass. We'll see. Just a little bit there.
She might have kryptonite panties on, you never know.
Alright, now this is very interesting if you're a Final Fantasy fan
certainly you're anticipating Final Fantasy 13 and this is why the
PlayStation 3 is still cool for some people because Final Fantasy 13
looks to be pretty ass-kicking and Advent Children actually is inspiring
Final Fantasy 13 somewhat, not maybe directly but you know
while the DVD kinda got some mixed reviews from people,
it has some great kick-butt battle sequences in the movie like some really
fast pacing.
You guys have probably seen this in the trailer.
Well this is interesting because Final Fantasy 13's director, Motomo Toriyama, said,
Final Fantasy 13 attempts to see how far it's possible to make Final Fantasy 7 Advent Children's
battles into a game.
Final Fantasy 7 Advent Children is a video production and it showed us battles that have
not been achievable in Final Fantasy so far.
With Final Fantasy 13, we're focusing on how far we can realize the video.
So that might be a pretty sweet game, imagining you're getting to control some of those battle
Sequences that'll be that'll sell some PlayStation threes
That'll that'll get the Sony family coming out until next year way late next year if even that now will be in Japan
I mean how long did Final Fantasy 12 take to come out? Oh my gosh, and it's still not out here exactly
I I would say I I don't even think we're gonna get it next year
I would say we will have Final Fantasy 13 Christmas 2008. I would anticipate but you know, what do I know?
I'm just some guy on the internet
Loki, you have some news regarding online games.
Yeah, actually the online game market's huge. How huge?
They're estimating it's going to reach 13 billion dollars by the
year 2011 and of course this is
you know a lot in part for games such as World of Warcraft
and you know Everquests and whatnot but I'm just basically,
even nowadays you see tons of MMOs coming around
that's just the way everything's kinda headed nowadays and even like Xbox Live
arcade and a lot of online games everything's really just heading online
so it's no wonder that it's gonna be that big and I wouldn't be surprised if
it hits 13 billion even sooner than that I mean that's kind of a you know being
safe when it comes to big it doesn't get much bigger than World of Warcraft and
you know there was a story we talked about on this program probably like
Like three or four months ago, we were talking about this guy, Brian Kopp, who'd been sued
by Blizzard Entertainment because he put out the book that he was selling on eBay and it
had the maps and things.
Remember that?
You remember we kind of got into that?
Well, guess what?
Blizzard dropped the lawsuit.
So that's pretty much all there is to say.
There was basically a settlement.
There was no monetary compensation for Kopp and basically the companies agreed to withdraw
their previous takedown notices and drop all the infringement claims, and also it
was said they'd refrain from filing any future takedown notices against the same
items COP has already disputed through counter notices. COP, by the way, will
be retaining the book's disclaimers about its unofficial nature, and he won't
include links or instructions on how to locate cheats in the game, so it's
strictly a strategy guide without endorsing cheating, so a little bit of
compromise on both sides. And that's good. I think it's good that they compromised
and worked it out and didn't have to, you know, go to trial and all that messy
stuff. Anyway, we're gonna head on over to our Skype line. It's www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Click on interact with us. Or you can give us a phone call as well. The phone
number is 916-226-9067. But please keep in mind that that is a
toll call for most people. So please, if you don't own the phone line or pay the
bills please ask somebody before you give us a call and we already have a
phone call coming in so I'm gonna go ahead and pick that up hello you're on
orange lounge radio hi sky it's me Ravens dolphin hello Ravens dolphin
what's on your mind I just picked up the DS light ah yes the DS lights are out
today what do you think I love it yeah what's so what's so great about it tell
me I don't know if I'm totally sold on the DS light yet tell me why I need to
get this when I already have the DS you know fat all right all right just for
one reason this thing has brighter screens you I'm not saying this just
because when I turn this thing on I notice a big difference from the
original hmm there's colors I haven't seen before what about the claims that
it's a little more uncomfortable to play it is yeah it's kind of like the PSP
Have you tried playing Metroid Prime on it? Yes, I have.
And it's a world of difference. Is it better?
Yeah, it's much better. Interesting, because that game's kind of hard to play on the DS
fat.
It sure is. I don't know what else to call it. There's the DS
Heavy. I like the DS Fat. The DS Fatty.
I like crappy. It's not crappy.
DS is a good system. It's just a little fat. I like the light better.
Alright, oh
What about now here? Here's somebody in our here's somebody in our chat room here a VX Jason XV says brighter is totally unnecessary
What do you say to that? I don't see much ari masen says I got my DS light today
I love its death brightness setting the red is more redder now
Yeah, like I like fourth is death and you know, and oh, can I say something? Yeah
All right, I stand in line for three minutes for a DS light. No one was at my ebb store
Well, there hasn't been a whole lot of promotion leading up to launch day
I think it's something Nintendo just kind of wants out there and it's gonna be circulating
I don't think there there was really a huge push for a stellar launch for this
So yeah, but in Japan people have been waiting in line for days to get a DS
Well, that's everybody else's important one. They stand in line for Dragon Quest too, yet here nobody cares, although they should.
Yeah, but they at least Dragon Quest on a Sunday or a Saturday.
Alright. Alright, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
But, uh, don't support Sony. Well, we'll see. Amen. They, you know what?
Things can change. I realize the world is anti Sony right now, but Devil's Advocate, you guys, Sony might say something
it's gonna win you back all right we'll see all right Ravenstaufen have a good
one you too bye all right see you later thanks for the call let's go to another
phone call hello you are on Orange Lounge radio who's this well hi who's
this hi you're sounding a little distorted there maybe pull the
microphone back just a little bit what's on your mind sorry about that that's
That's alright.
Well, I'm just gonna go on a rant if you don't mind.
You're gonna what?
Go on a rant.
Okay, go ahead and rant for a little bit.
Put the microphone a little bit closer, but not as close as it was before, and then rant.
Okay.
I hate Final Fantasy.
Why?
I have played it, I do not like it, I respect people who like it, but I do not like it.
wait which one are all of them
uh... i have played
all the big ones power of pharisee seven
ten
all those and
so you haven't played any of the classics
okay wait though though i gotta ask
why though you just you say you don't like it but i'm not hearing a why what
is it about the game that you don't like i just find it boring and
a little
just kind of weird
not too original
okay now what kind of games do you like
it could just be because I'm into the action games.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking here is that maybe you're just not the type of
person that plays role-playing games. Like, I
love, or I love these Final Fantasy games, most of them, some of them were
stupid,
like eight, but, you know, I don't care for sports games.
And, you know, I realize why sports games are out there, and there's some pretty
good sports games out there if you're into those types of games, but for me,
I don't really play sports games. I don't enjoy them.
So that's just kind of the type of game I'm not into.
So I'm cool with you not liking Final Fantasy as long as you still have respect for people
that are into it, because I respect people that play sports titles.
And also, and I thank you for respecting it, but I've had many people say, you suck, you
suck!
Final Fantasy rules, you suck!
Well just, instead of this, try a different approach.
Instead next time, knocking on Final Fantasy, tell your friends about the games you do like
and make them play those games okay less hate more love get it and also as I
know as you may have noticed I tried it before I judged all right well that's
good that I can respect one map for hate or that I can I will not mention all
right all right we're gonna let you go buddy we got more calls coming in but
thanks for the call okay all right later all right let's take another call here
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is the Amplidude.
Hello.
I'm just calling in.
Hi Amplidude, what's on your mind?
Just calling in. I didn't get to listen to much of the show besides the past 10 minutes.
But as the last caller, Final Fantasy, if you don't like any of them, at least you should give 5 a chance.
That was my favorite one.
5? You know what? I disagree because 5 is great.
Five is great, but five is also the most complicated and it's the most like hardcore role-playing one out of them
I think it's just my opinion. I think five would have the reverse effect
I think he would dislike five more than any of the others
But see you and Dark Sakura and even me we already like Final Fantasy
So Final Fantasy 5 is just more of a good thing
But when you don't like role-playing games to begin with Final Fantasy 5 is gonna be more of a bad thing
all right, I just like the job system, that's what a
10-2. A lot of people didn't like it, but I at least liked how they tried to bring back the job system.
Yeah, 10-2 was a nod right back to that, except one thing I liked about 5 is that you could combine basically your character classes to create, you know, you have a white mage and then you have a fighter, you have a paladin basically.
Yeah.
What other types of games do you like, AmpliDude?
Pretty much all RPGs. I was just playing BeatMania not too long ago before I called.
US one or Japanese one?
Uh, seventh Japanese.
Okay, that's one of the styles I don't own.
Because I took a break from BeatMania for a little while.
I skipped that one.
No, I didn't. I have seventh style.
Seventh has some of my favorite music in it.
No, I have seventh style. I didn't get ninth and up.
I might need to borrow some of those from you at some point.
If I ever get mine back from George.
Ah, I see.
That's cool. BeatMania is a good time. Have you played Red yet?
Oh, yeah.
I actually left it at home, so I had to deal with seven.
2007 but 11 is
Awesome. It's it's a beautiful setup. I need to play more of it. I absolutely do any other thoughts for our listeners amplitude
um, well my
Friends girlfriend brought over a DS light today. It's pretty kick-ass. I have to say what are the Reds indeed redder?
um
It's a lot brighter. Yeah, it feels a lot different than I would
uh expected like I expected it to feel a lot different than it did but is it
worth 120 it was 129 what are they asking like that yeah is it worth that
much money well since I've had mine since it came out it kind of turned
shitty so I need to get myself a new one yeah well I don't know I'm still on the
fence with it maybe if I have extra money after my vacation coming up we'll
see all right amplitude thanks so much for the call I'm gonna let you go so we
and get some more calls, okay?
All right, cool.
Have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Let's go to at least one more call, maybe two.
Let's go to this one.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hi, who's this?
Nintendo Maniac 64.
Hello, Nintendo Maniac 64.
What's on your mind, buddy?
First off, what is your name?
Like Bism or Bism or something.
He really wanted me to call in.
Okay, what do you want to call in about?
First off, you can say about DS Lite and stuff.
Well, you know I was up in New York and stuff,
and at Nintendo World, I actually saw them
installing the DS Lite demo stations, which was kinda cool.
That's cool.
What was the Nintendo store like?
You went there for the launch?
Uh, no, I was just up there in New York
for this art show my sister was in.
It was sort of like Scholastics and stuff.
That's right, because didn't you put out the call
in the last episode of the show
you wanted to meet fans or something?
Yeah, nobody came, so like,
there's my SU for the week. I'll come next time, if I have money.
So did you get to actually play the DS Lite when you were there?
Um, yeah I did, but like
I mean, sure it was brighter and stuff, but okay
whoop-de-doo, it wasn't that great to me.
Ah, so a little bit of a diss, the red's not so red.
Well I didn't feel red, I mean like I just didn't care too much
and uh...
i got to phone some people at DDR mario mix
like the super is just like an easier heavy level
i haven't played mario mix since E3 last year so
and i gotta quickly say a few things um...
there is a hack out there
for
a regular disk that you can make the screen
just as bright as
a dslite you have the
multiple light setting like on dslite but i don't want to void my warranty
Some of our warranties are already passed.
All right, fair enough.
Yes, we have talked about that hack
on previous episodes of the show.
And just one last question.
Yes.
For any DS layers out there who have them.
Do these guys know if the DS battery's the exact same
shaped and stuff as a regular DS battery?
Oh, the DS battery stuff.
I don't know, because we don't own one.
I imagine it's probably the same charger,
but I'll let someone in the chat answer that.
Yeah, it probably is. But you don't put actual batteries into it, it only runs on the charger.
Well, I'm saying that battery life is twice as long.
Gotcha. Oh, is the battery life longer? I don't know. We'll see. We'll ask Chad.
I was just wondering if you could somehow get the battery out of the new one, put it in your old DS, and what if you get like 40 hours or something?
Actually, Jeremy Todd 1 says it's not the same charger.
Oh, really?
interesting I will see we'll see there and saccharine is agreeing well we'll
see what the chat room says and I'll fill you okay
all right we're gonna let you go buddy we'll try and take one more call all
right okay apparently my dsl just dropped out on me for a second
ouch well you can always download podcast no no I mean reconnected just
those my point
alrighty have a good one buddy yeah bye but someone in chat room pointing out
there that the battery life is of course shorter if you use the four times the
brightness there so the higher the brightness the shorter the battery life
obviously same thing on most laptops etc Skype line is open I saw somebody else
trying to call in there but you have a chance now if you want to get in there
our Skype Skype lines name is orange lounge radio all one word or you can
call us on the regular telephone as well nine one six two two six ninety sixty
seven here we go one last call for tonight hello you are on orange lounge
radio who's this? Good evening OLR it's DMN how you doing? Hi DMN what's on your
mind buddy? Um I'd like to give an FU of a week to my own company. Don't you work
for Nintendo? I do. Uh-oh what do they do? It's nothing it's just a disturbing
trend I've been seeing with the DS games since we've been on the subject of the DS
light with the games like brain training and Nintendogs I don't know if you guys
notice this but these games seem to have a shelf life of two weeks and that's it
and people would just toss them away no I agree I regret I think what at e3 last
year I said in ten dogs was like the runner-up for game of show I totally
regret that because it was fun for the hour I played at e3 or not even that but
it's fun for the time I played at e3 when I actually got at home to play it
was the thrill lasted a week maybe two I traded yesterday it's unfortunate
because I I've yet to see a BS game that's had a good replay value short of
Mario Kart and Tetris, and those are the online games which obviously give those games more
replay value.
I can't stand Prime Hunters, because first person shooters on a portable are just a bad
idea.
Well, hopefully, and we're echoing really bad by the way, you might want to back away
from your speakers a little bit or turn it down.
Hopefully there will be more online games in Nintendo's future, many many more.
Oh definitely.
Alright.
But that's about it.
I wanted to rent that and see what people thought.
Hopefully I can get to my inside sources because I'm starting back up at Nintendo.
I think we're starting Wii testing tomorrow.
So hopefully I can get more info on that for you guys as well.
Now wait a minute, didn't you say that you were against, like on an earlier show, you
were against the October date because the Wii's weren't in yet?
So maybe...
Yes, that's what I've been hearing.
Ah, so maybe it'll get interesting.
Yes, maybe it will and also operation get Reggie Phil's aim on the shows now underway. Thank you, please
I would I would love to make sweet love to Reggie through an interview form on this problem
I'll be sure to wear protection during that show I will
All right, DM and have a good one buddy. Thanks for your time. We always appreciate the inside scoop. All right. Bye later
All righty good Skype in tonight. Good job
Most of the Skype calls were pretty clear too, I appreciated that.
You guys are calling Echo 1, 2, 3 beforehand, like a good
Skyper does. Alright, last minute stories boys and girls, do we have any last minute stories
here in the studio? Anybody, anybody?
There was just some stupid thing about... I know we left out a lot from your
role this week, Loki, but there was just too damn much for two hours and some of it was
kind of, I don't know, but was there anything you really wanted to mention? There was some
patent filed by Sony about some stupid electronic device that can roll up, almost like electric
paper, but not, I don't know.
Yeah, but Sony does a lot of electronic things.
They're saying that it's going to be used for a game system, and I say no.
No, Sony does a lot of electronic things.
Well, I heard the Wii filed a patent, Nintendo had a patent on instant messaging, and my
reaction was, duh.
You think the Wii's going to have a service kind of like Xbox Live where you can instant
message people?
Of course.
Of course.
Duh.
I didn't put it in the list for tonight. Now that would be rad. PictoChat on the internet.
Yeah, that would be pretty sweet. I would love to draw penises and have them seen worldwide.
Well, I was going to say for more of our UK listeners, because I'm not a huge fan of football,
but is this UK football or US football? Yeah, like soccer. But Love Football is available
on Japanese Xbox Live. You can download the demo. So there's actually a link on Gamers
Report it's www.gamersreport.com slash news slash 2820 and it'll teach you in case you
didn't know how to create an account a silver membership for under the Japanese territory
to download those demos so you can actually play that game which is kind of neat I might
have to do that and also oblivion could I do that with the just by making a new account
on my current xbox yeah I might do that also oblivion got patched and all the gold and
duplication glitches, as you would put it, were removed.
And also that patch is causing issues, freezes and whatnot.
However, there is that undocumented function that was found in the Spring 360 update to
clear your cache, and it also removes any updates that have been done on live or any
of the games so that you can actually, if you accidentally play Oblivion connected to
live you can un-patch it so that you can cheat in it again.
And the way you do that actually is pretty simple.
Under the main menu or whatever you would push, or actually going under the system blade
and then under memory you push Y on either the hard drive or the memory unit and push
x, x, left button, right button, x, x, and it'll pop up a little blade saying do you
wish to perform maintenance, yes, all your updates are gone, but basically the safe way
if you haven't played it and updated it yet, just unhook it from live when you're playing
the game.
Pretty simple.
Alright.
We're going to go to our final story of the evening, and Loki it looks like it's yours.
Yes.
So, anyways, I think we remember back a couple weeks ago, we talked about Codemasters and
how they're basically making a game called The Turds.
Well, The Turds is actually a series, and they're being made available through a website
called Funsta.com.
When I think of turd, I don't think of fun.
Well, Funsta.com.
I think of the Playstation 3.
You know what?
I think of Taco Bell.
You can actually play these games right now.
at least one of them. Some of the wonderful games you get to play would be
Donkey Pong, which is gonna be
obviously turd-based. Now I've heard of Donkey Bong,
but I think that's something different. Or, no, I'm sorry, Donkey Bong...Donkey Punch,
I think? No, this is Donkey Pong. Forget it. Poopert.
Dung Beetle Rally.
So, wait, these guys just take games that we know and love and put poop in them?
That's pretty much...That's disgusting. Um, turd herders.
The Men in Crack, and
Bogger, which is available now. I equate this with the,
what is that, the Crazy Frog thing? That thing that sings the Axle F song?
That thing.
I equate these turd games with that thing. They have to put that
hideous thing in everything. Let me put it this way. Apparently it's a toy series that's in
the UK,
apparently. Why anyone would want to play with poop, but apparently
If you want to play any of these games, go to www.funsta.com, that's F-U-N-S-T-A, slash
turds, and you can actually play Bogger, which I was playing a little bit during some of
those Skype line calls, and it just plays like Frogger but it's sewer and poop based
and it's stupid.
You can download poo tones and wallpapers also from that website, and turd merchandise.
And they have a poo calculator to find out how much your turds are worth.
This by the way will be the only time that Orange Lounge Radio endorses you playing with
your poo.
But even then, we're looking at you funny.
So Funsta.com and you can check out Bogger, the rest of the games are coming out a little
bit later.
Was it Dung Beetle Rally June 20th, Poobert July 4th, you can play Donkey Pong and Bogger
right now and July 18th turd herders been in crack and on that note it's time
to end the show let's go around and get everybody's final thought my final
thought is I want this sinus infection to go away Loki your final thought I
want this pink guy to go away and dark soccer your final thought I want another
cookie reject false icons here you go no no you said you wanted it no my brain
telling me that I want one, I'm actually quite satisfied with these Swedish ginger cookies.
That's going to do it for the show, thank you guys so much for tuning in, whether you
were downloading, listening live, or what have you, and supporting independent radio,
we really appreciate it.
Hey, did you know we're only like two weeks away from our four year anniversary show?
Our fourth birthday party.
Ooh hoo.
Ooh hoo, we're mommy wow, we're big kids now.
We're out of training pants.
And we'll try to do something special for the four year show, although we're saving
most of the bells and whistles I think for episode 200 which should be I think
it's like in October or something we planned it out I don't know but stay
tuned for that and thanks again for listening to us supporting us over the
years we appreciate it and we'll see you guys next week on Orange Lounge Radio
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
