Orange, Lounge, Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loko
Tonight, the PlayStation 3 gets a website, Prey gets a release date, and what is the Wii hiding under that little flap?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and gamer news and gamer culture as well.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the lovely Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Rawr!
How you doing?
Rawr!
Rawr!
Angst!
Are you on your period or something?
No!
I had to work all day.
Oh, I know.
I know.
Today is a bit of a special edition of Orange Laundry, but I'll get into that in a moment.
Also say hello, though, first to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
Hi.
There you go.
Hi.
Now we can hear you.
What are you looking at over there on the laptop?
You've been staring intently there for, like, trying to confirm something.
Oh, one of the stories we're doing tonight?
Yes, it's quite important.
All right.
Anyways, we are a bit of a special episode this week.
There is only going to be one part of this week's episode.
There's not going to be a part A and part B. The reason for that is that we're taping
far in advance this week.
It's actually Thursday evening when we're taping this week's show, partially because
I'm fleeing the country tomorrow.
I'm going to be gone for just under a week.
So we're pre-taping our live show on Thursday night.
We are live, if anybody is listening to our regular live stream, we are here, we're in
in our chat room, which is on a brand new server, might I add.
We're on a brand new chat server.
All the details are over at orangelaunchradio.com.
We've moved from other side IRC to Game Surge.
But for those of you guys that just go to Orange Launch Radio,
click on Chat, and use the Java, you won't see a change at all.
It'll just take you right on into the new chat room.
So if anybody is listening live on Thursday,
we do, of course, value your input, as always.
But we're not expecting quite the turnout
in the live interaction that we usually get.
But we still have a lot of gaming news to get into.
There's been a lot that's happened so far this week
and we want to cover it for you guys.
But first, a little bit about us.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
My gaming week was a lot of Dead or Alive 4.
A lot of it, as in, that's all everybody played
when I got home from work yesterday.
My husband's cousin and his girlfriend were over
and then other people showed up
and so it was pinball slash Dead or Alive best
all in our house.
and I played a, tried to play a little Warcraft and I'm gonna probably start on
whatever server that is that you're on.
I'll say it, it's my airy peak, because you would never guess who my
character is on there, but
I'll tell you, obviously. I'll set that up tonight. Awesome.
I think. I'll get you in touch with Miklotov, who'll get you in our guild too.
It'll rock. He's our guild master. Okay, don't expect me to go on any raids or anything.
Oh, please. You make it sound like we're all level 60 already.
Did my well I'll do it during my gaming week, but I had a warcraft II week, too
Let's put it that way. Oh, and I also played Animal Crossing during a meeting at work
Okay, not have been very important me
No, it was basically just to give a little overview the company I work for was purchased by another company
Yeah, fun, and they want to keep us they want to keep everybody it was good
But they're all like they just announced it like the day before we're having this big HR meeting and crap
So me and Julie...
Or was everybody doing the panicky, oh my god, Zwoggin, Pink Slips...
They're asking stupid questions. We all knew.
They were reading off of the same stuff that was on the website at work.
And then, oh, we can't answer that at this time.
Oh, we don't know the answer to this at this time.
Oh, I'm sure information will be available as, you know, that type of crap.
So me and customi19 and another one of our co-worker friends
were sitting in the back and our friend was reading a book and we were playing Animal Crossing.
We were sitting on the floor behind people.
You guys are going to get fired?
No.
She's been there longer than I have.
She actually trained me at my job.
So yeah.
Alright.
Wait, I wanted to ask why all the dead are alive for?
Because it was on when I came home.
It was on!
It's on!
And although...
Bouncy boobs, it's what's on the tube.
girlfriend though she's like really good at the game and she was completely Dan's
best friend Eric she's completely kicking his ass and he's such a masher
Dan got pissed off is like why did you actually do a move? Dead or Alive 4 is not
a game he can get away with button mashing in. Somehow Eric pulls it off
but Dan's like okay okay I want you to call a move and do it cuz Eric's like I
knew all the moves in the game and he couldn't do a single one it was funny
like in Tekken who is it I want to say like Tekken 3 I remember it was Eddie
You could totally get away with back mashing. However, if you lose without mashing. Yeah, then it was like even better
Yeah, but yeah, he's he's the mashers character. Yeah, and what was in Tekken 4 it was a girl
Christy Christy, that's right. It was like his student or some gotcha. I
Played with Horong anyway, but you can also mash with him to love it a little bit, but mine was always Jen and Julia
I'll never forget old school. You won't get old school button mashing
When I used to play Street Fighter 2 back in the day, like when I was high, yes, E. Honda, exactly.
Wow, that's crazy, yes, because all you had to do was hit the buttons a bunch, he did that hand thing.
How did she move?
Though he had also had the charging stuff too.
Oh yeah.
It was the same deal with Blanca, just, let's shoot, let's shoot, let's shoot, arrgh!
Chun Li did the feet thing too.
Yeah.
The old days of cheese.
Did I ever tell you about the time?
I don't know how old I was.
Story time, what's up?
I know okay. It's it's a weird show this week. Who cares? We're allowed
Um, I think I was about 16 years old and I was randomly in Southern, California
We were at some comic book shop like after hours and they had a Street Fighter 2 machine because you remember what Street Fighter 2
Is huge you could find these machines in the weirdest places like you'd find them in the back of comic book stores
You'd find them in quickie March. You'd find them everywhere, right and
I played that game and I wasn't a huge Street Fighter player
But I was on that game and I was kicking all these guys asses with Chun Li for like an hour straight and then finally
some girl came up and also used Chun Li and
Worked me. I mean she own me. I'll never forget her. Although. Well, I don't remember her name, but you know
My days of massive massive pwnage on fighting games. I have three major milestones
Okay, one of them was we had this guy in Alabama
his name was Jay guy was like the best ever fighting game player in the
universe especially on anything Capcom and I'd managed to beat him on Dark
Stalkers once and that was the happiest day of my life and then it was me and my
friend Marcy we were like the killer instinct people we would trade off and
just like own guys all day and then I told the story many times my Tekken 3
Re-escapade at a cyber station in Mobile, Alabama
At the L'air mall. Oh, yeah, I got in there. Yeah, you told us on the show before I think yeah
These guys have been in there playing from like 10 a.m. To 2 in the afternoon doing nothing but King playing his
Throws over and over so I was like I want to play so I shoved one of them off the machine and played Julia and
Kept beating them because she has the combo block the throw block
Killer instinct my god. I'm forever. I really want to play that game
I'm like right now and then killer instinct 2 came out when I was when I lived in the dorms
So we would go over to the bark. It was like a bar deli arcade
What we would just play killer instinct to you all night. What was the name of the?
Skeleton guy because that was a guy I always used. I know sad. I don't remember the name, but I know who you mean spinal
Yes, spinal
I'll never forget that combo breaker. I
Yeah, all right
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay. I played a little bit more of
Blazing Angels. I'm almost finished with that game now finally.
It's funny though because all the achievements kind of get unlocked at the same time.
Like you get an achievement for if you ace all the missions you get something
then as you finish the game I think your rank ends up being like
corporal or whatever it needs to be and then all the medals. So if you ace all the
missions you unlock like four achievements.
at the same time which is most the achievements in the game anyways
so yeah I'm trying to beat this game for achievements
pretty much it points or and then
I've been playing the ChromeHounds demo
and that was pretty fun I thought that wasn't released in the US
wait you have a account somewhere else don't you
maybe it's okay I mean everybody knows you can get an account in another country
You just set up an account for Japan. Once you download it you can play it with any account,
so. That's cool. It's stupid. It's all in English anyways. Isn't there a 99 Nights demo
in Japan? No. I thought there was. There's Love Football, and that's about it. That's
the only other demo that we don't have. But still though, I mean, it's all in English.
I mean completely. Even the JEP, you know, you can select different languages I guess
initially or whatever, but it's all in English. So there's, I don't understand why they didn't
release it over here. It's stupid, but whatever, you can still get it.
Well, you know on Major Nelson's blog earlier this week, he talked about, you know, why,
or there's like an FAQ, why don't things come to certain regions, and it's always like licensing,
permission, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, all that stuff.
It's the internet, it doesn't matter, they're downloading off your servers.
Obviously people are getting it anyway, so it doesn't matter.
Yeah, exactly, what's the matter?
Now a lot of the feedback I read on the demo was really negative, but you enjoyed it?
Just because they're stupid and they don't understand, they think that these mechs represent
all the mechs in the game, they're slow.
The mechs are heavy mechs that move slow.
It's not like speed racer mechs.
No, you can make lighter mechs that are faster or you have these heavier mechs which are
damn slow.
And that's the two missions, there's a sniping mission and like a soldier mission and they're
both with heavy mechs and they're like, these mechs move so slow, it took me 15 days to
turn around.
It's supposed to move slow because it's armored as hell.
You can get a light mech or a mech with hovercraft, bottom, or wheels, or whatever, and it moves
fast.
Tonight's story time on Orange Knowledge Radio, but I don't give a shit.
Did you ever play a Dave & Buster's The Mech game they have there?
I played it back when it was at BattleTech in Virtual World.
I played it when it was over at American Life.
Those things were really slow, but it was fun.
Exactly.
I mean, because...
I beg to differ.
Well, yeah, but you get you get motion sick and that's a whole nother Oprah
But you know, um, if you didn't have that you would you wouldn't you agree that the game is somewhat fun
At least if it's what okay. There you go
anyway
So yeah, it's it's a fun game. I liked it and the multiplayer is gonna be awesome. They've got
with the online
Things gonna have like a perpetual war that's going on so you can jump in and out of this war at any time and just
earn points. It's kind of like conquest mode in Soulcalibur but just always going on. And
then that's just one part of the multiplayer. Or you can do team matches and all that stuff.
And one of the, what's kind of neat though is one of the, like the commander I guess
of the team, you have like full view of the map and you can see where everybody is and
you have to issue commands over your headset to other people so they know where to go and
stuff because they don't see the whole map. So I think that's kind of neat. They're doing
a lot of things with this and this is kind of positioning itself to be like the next
you know uh... mech assault
you know game and that's what kind of people are looking for
anything else?
uh... just Grand Theft Auto we've been playing more of that still
finally uh...
in all uh... was it Vice City Stories
uh... had a date now uh... October eighteenth
which is about when the last one came out so I'm not
too surprised but uh...
they better
fix the multiplayer I know they're not because they're fucking lazy but
They better fix the multiplayer because it's really messed up.
So playable, but really messed up.
My gaming week was actually not that exciting.
I did mention during Jamie's gaming week I played World of Warcraft and I did do an instance
this week.
Like, you know, Horde's first instance is always the Ragefire Chasm and so I did that
instance this week and you know, that's fun.
And I'm sure a lot of World of Warcraft veterans are snickering at me going, hi you noob.
It's fun to start over on a new server with a new character, and I only play recreationally
anyway.
It's going to be forever before I ever get to 60.
That's how everybody starts.
What?
Well, the sad thing is I've been a World of Warcraft player on and off for several months
now.
It hasn't been a super long time, because I know I talked about it on this program,
but for several months now, on and off, I've never gotten a character past the mid-20s,
because I just have such a tension deficit disorder when it comes to characters and just
gaming in general.
of that not a whole lot interesting burnout still a lot of burnout and I'm
finding it's kind of hard to get the achievements and burnout I am having a
hard time getting perfects on a lot of those early races but I find that what
you can do is you play a ways and you get the really nice cars then you go
back to the first levels and use the nice cars to beat them yes I forgot one
more part of my week actually go for it because I don't have anything else what
what's that I was gonna actually bring it and play it on my laptop I've got a
a game an
Advanced copy to review. Mm-hmm going to be doing a review on dragon's lair HD
It will be on
the stuff orange on radio comm blog cool, so
Everyone should keep their eyes posted keep their eyes posted keep their eyes on our board for when I post
Awesome. You were talking about that on last week's show. I know so yeah it arrived
I'm looking forward to checking that out. She's very nice
Are you gonna let me are you gonna let me play with your copy?
Of course, but I was planning on trying to hook up my laptop to our
Widescreen TV and see how it looked on that. I
see mmm
dragon's lair
All right. Well, let's get into the news who wants to start us off tonight with some news
You know, I think that I could do that. All right, I'd have to try really hard though
Well, please do well guess what has officially launched?
other than a few ships going out to sea.
No idea.
The official PS3 site.
Actually, both US and UK.
I haven't bothered checking every other country.
I assume that it's come out.
For the US, though, it is www.us.playstation.com slash ps3.
For UK, it's actually, I guess, it's eu.playstation.com slash ps3.
It's got all the beginning stuff on it.
Any new information at all?
Really just there's the usual.
In Europe it's going to hit on November 17th for 499 euros for the 20 gigabyte model.
There is actually information that both versions are coming out.
Although as far as I think just for the UK, I think it's just the 60 gigabyte version
for 549.99 pounds. So not much more than all the E3 fluff we got already. Nope, but the
site's pretty. It's got lots of black on it. But the thing is that I think that the European
site looks just really cool. Ours is sorta, look! It's a Playstation 3! There's this like
sleek black stuff with flash animation and reflection! It's so awesome! Ahh! I can't
can't stand it, like a hot dog. What? Eddie is our joke. Oh, I was like, PlayStation 3,
can't stand it. Alright, anyway. Like a hot dog. But yeah. Sorry, I'm still looking at
stuff. Anyways, I'm gonna have to mess everything up. Speaking of the PlayStation, this is more
kind of on the PSP though. They're saying that they're going to be able to support up
to 7,000 PlayStation 1 games with the new emulator, which pretty much is every game
out there.
I'm like, there were 7,000 PlayStation games?
There were not 7,000 games, there was 7,000 different versions of games, so basically
that's their way of saying they're going to be able to support every single game.
A few holes in that whole statement there.
You know what that sounds like, you remember those old 64-in-1 cartridges that were on
the NES, and like 20 of them were just Contra with different color players?
All kinds of different hacks.
That's what this sounds like to me when they say 7,000.
Although I personally own a few hundred myself.
Yeah, but still, 7,000?
I think that's what the UK PSP magazine is reporting.
But I would say more around, you know, all the games that were on the system.
You're my only thing about that, though.
The PSP does not have a second analog stick, and the PSP only has one L and one R button.
Yeah, but the very first PS1 controller didn't have an analog stick at all.
Yes, true.
But if it's going to be supporting all the games, there are games that require the analog
stick and a lot of those games do use the L1 and L2 buttons.
So that eliminates a lot of that 7,000 there, dumbasses, friggin promising the world figure
away.
But they do have a good selection of stuff that they are promising.
These are going to be available when they launch.
Jumping Flash, Jumping Flash.
Castlevania Symphony of the Night, Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy VIII, Silent Hill and Tomb
Raider.
I don't really want to see another Tomb Raider since they were doing the remake anyways
and Tomb Raider sucks. Well, you know, it was a groundbreaking
Tomb Raider Legends was actually fairly decent. That's the new one, right?
I didn't like it at all. I didn't like Tomb Raider.
I didn't like breaking her, you know, by throwing her off the cliff.
No, that was all about Tomb Raider 2. Where you can make her explode, lock the butler in the
walk-in freezer, and then make her jump off the balcony where she breaks her neck.
the sound was fantastic Tomb Raider 2 is by far the best
so yeah it's I don't know how many titles it's going to support but it's going to support a lot
the question is how big of a memory stick do you need for all this
and you know how much they're going to cost
because they seem not to have mentioned how much the cost is going to be
but here's the thing I think they're testing this out for the PlayStation 3
because they're going to offer the same service for the PlayStation 3
Oh, you think, huh?
I think.
Oh, really?
Well, they like pushing the digital distribution thing, so why not?
Alright.
Uh, hooray for Castlevania Symphony of the Night being on that list.
Probably the best PlayStation game, in my opinion, period.
The best PlayStation game.
Uh, boo for no Intelligent Cube.
Well, these are only five.
They can go to hell.
He might be one of the 7,000.
You know, I-
What?
We need this freaking Iron Hound.
How come Ridge Racer wasn't on that list?
I thought that was the big thing that they were touting at E3, was Ridge Racer.
Well, that's just a given.
Alright, well anyway, I have to mention, speaking of Ridge Racer, there is a brand new Ridge
Racer title coming to the PSP.
It's RID Racer 2.
RID Racer 2.
Can I edit that out?
Alright.
Ridge Racer 2 in the latest issue of Famitsu magazine.
It's going to start off where the last game left off.
It will have a return of the Nitro system as well as all the drift-based racing that
makes Ridge Racer, what the hell, I can't talk!
That makes Ridge Racer what it is.
You know what it is?
If I don't say it, Ridge Racer, then I can't say it at all.
That's the problem.
Here's the thing about Ridge Racer, each game has been exactly the same as the last
one.
No, no, no, no, it has not.
Okay, so it's R4.
Hold on, R4 was the best of them.
You didn't let me finish.
There are new modes as opposed to Ridge Racer 1 on the PSP.
There is, of course, the returning World Tours, Time Attack, Wireless, but now there is Arcade,
Duel, and Survival Mode.
And Arcade Mode is kind of like an arcade racing game where you try to get to a goal
in a certain amount of time and then you get more time as you get to each checkpoint.
Survival is where you play chicken.
That would be fun.
That would be like Twisted Metal Ridge Racer.
Alright, so anyway, rumor is the game is 70% complete and the Japanese release should be
September 14th.
Yes.
Speaking of, you know, Ridge Racer and Sony, Sony is actually claiming that Microsoft is
copying them.
That they are completely cloning the Playstation 3 with the Xbox 360.
Now I'm not sure we're in that argument that makes sense.
Okay, seeing as the Playstation 3 is not even out yet, I'm not sure what this is all about.
I mean, is it the camera and the iToy thing?
No, this was an interview that was done in the official Playstation magazine.
That won't be biased at all, I'm sure.
Which, yeah, okay.
And it says, brings up how everyone is comparing Microsoft to Sony, and the Sony rep claims
as soon as they do something, they see Microsoft trailing behind them, following their strategies.
Huh. That's kinda funny. I will give them credit on one thing.
One thing only. The fact that they have dual analog sticks on the controller.
And that's about it. Because
that's, you know, I think that was the first system the PlayStation to do that.
But that's about it. That's all I'm giving them.
Well the DualShock controller is easily one of the top three controllers of all
time,
you know, but in turn wasn't the DualShock controller just a grown-up version of the
Super Nintendo controller in a way?
This was Kaz Hirai, I guess, and another quote that was taken from the interview here.
And the other thing is, you take a look at, for example, the fact that we incorporate
the Blu-ray drive from day one, you're not going to be asking me, so talk to me about
this blu-ray add-on that you have does it work for games is it just for movies
that's exactly the kind of pitfall you fall into if you launch something that's
too early to premature no you're launching a year late gag order Sony set
up before on this program you need it everybody needs to stop talking right
now it's working for Nintendo very I mean some of them talk but they don't
talk as much as you do. Let me put it this way, let me put it this way. They're copying
a lot of people, I mean, you've got to admit, okay, the whole live thing, granted it's a
great business model, okay, they can't say they're completely original on their, they're
copying the business model basically and trying to make it their own, but that's fine, okay,
because it's something that needs to be done, just like the controllers look, you know,
kind of the same, they're, you know, pretty much the same nowadays. That's fine, but don't
Go and claim that you're the one that created it when your system's not even out there yet.
Hell, we don't even know what their online marketplace is like and say that,
oh, well, Microsoft ripped us off.
Well, that's kind of impossible to do if you don't, you know, you can't rip off the future.
Wasn't there some rumor going around this week, and I apologize if I'm
spoiling somebody else's story for later in the show, but I don't remember this coming up,
but I seem to recall something about the Xbox 360 was
I had hinted that they wanted to add something to their controller,
like there's some type of... like that was kind of pointing like they
might do motion sensing
in their controller. But I don't see that happening.
I heard that. But no. I think I heard it on another show or something.
There's some other stories that we'll have that kind of hints that they're copying
Nintendo a bit more too. Alright, we'll get there in a minute.
Alright, we'll see. Anyway, I wanted to mention this. I'm sure a lot of folks are amazed at the
price
of the PlayStation 3. Well, they might get amazed a little more. This is also, again,
from an interview with PlayStation magazine, a quote from Kaz Harai,
generally speaking over the past 12 years or so, there has been a consumer
expectation that disc-based games are maybe $59 on the high end to $39 on the
low end. So what I can say now is, I think it would be a bit of a stretch to think
that we could suddenly turn around and say PlayStation 3 games now $99.99. I
don't think consumers expect software pricing to suddenly double. So the quick
answer is that we want to make it as affordable as possible, knowing that there is a set consumer
expectation for what software has caught the past 12 years.
That's kind of the best answer I can give you.
So if it becomes a bit higher than $59, don't ding me.
But again, I don't expect it to be $100.
So you mean we're going to get screwed on the price of the games too?
I'm I'm not hearing him again when he when he says that I'm not here in
The games are gonna be competitively priced with Xbox 360
I'm hearing we might want to charge 69 99 or 79 99 for these games just to here's the thing
And I don't want to sound like a broken record
It's not I mean honestly I am trying to find you know the good side of the whole Sony argument here, and you know one
You know, come on, I'm trying to be as unbiased as possible.
This is why people say we're anti-Sony, Jamie.
I owned, listen, I owned a Sony Playstation, I owned a Playstation 2, I said, fuck Xbox,
I'm not buying an Xbox.
I did too.
I was right there with you, I said, fuck Xbox, and it first came out, yep.
But even still, you know, when the Playstation 3, when they were talking about it originally,
I'm like, yeah, I'm going to own a Playstation 3 and an Xbox 360, because I love the Playstation
3 games and stuff, and it sounds cool.
And then at E3 it was like,
you lost me. It's like crazy world over there.
The thing is, and they always do this. I think my expectations were met perfectly.
They're trying to basically say our games, you have to understand
you're paying for HD games, you're paying for games that have
higher development costs, you're paying for media that's twenty dollars
for blanks or whatever.
This is why the games are more expensive. You're gonna have to pay for this.
But the thing is when people are developing games on both platforms
and it's even been said before you can't tell the difference between them so why
the hell
and this is also you know Microsoft is doing the same thing with the Xbox and
Xbox 360 games especially at launch
that were only slightly different okay why should I pay more money for a game
that looks exactly the same and probably plays exactly the same
on a system that's even more expensive. People aren't and
you know what that's gonna be a problem for them. I don't know that argument seems a
little Nintendo fanboyish to me for some reason
like you know with the way you phrase that makes it sound like you're all
about the Wii
in that way no I mean okay I mean you're into whatever you're into but I'm just
saying if they are going to be pushing a system that
this is you know the games are $79 I better see a vast improvement between
that and the 360 version
those games better do my fucking dishes if they're gonna be $80
that's insane I'm just saying that they've gotta
at least 360 I wanna see has five dollar games on their marketplace that kick butt
I want to see stuff that they were showing, you know, in those E3 videos or whatever,
you know, showing, or the game developer conference videos.
You know, I want my next, you know, Jack and Daxter game or Ratchet and Clank to look like
a goddamn movie.
That's what I want to see if it's going to be this expensive.
I don't know.
Alright.
We'll see.
until about a month before or maybe two months before when the actual pricing is announced.
But I'll tell you what, you know, if that's their argument is that, oh, well, we have
to price it this way because we're taking full advantage of the HD, dah, dah, dah, dah,
dah.
Okay, you're taking full advantage of the HD, but how much of the marketplace is ready
to take full advantage of the HD?
Not a lot this year.
Maybe this time next year even or the year after because with each Christmas the price
of the HDTVs are going to get lower and lower, maybe we'll be ready to talk.
But honestly, it's not like HDTV, I mean, I am an HDTV owner, I love it, and I would
highly recommend it to everybody, but looking at like even just regular television, there's
not a lot of embracing of HDTV yet, there's not a whole lot of incentive to go to HDTV
right now.
And if you're going with the Sony concept here, your HDTV would not be good enough,
because it does not display 10 AVP.
Wow.
It's I don't know I it might it has HTMI
I don't know no not every TV is gonna be able to it'll actually say
Usually in your manual that comes with your TV well, then Sony can suck it. I don't know. Thank you
Hooray for that. I know I'll buy one anyway. I have to have one I have to play Final Fantasy 13
I'm that sad I will buy the damn machine
But I'll probably bitch about it if I'm not satisfied you know and like you're gonna buy one too
you're sitting here all anti Sony I hate Sony however I was anti Xbox and I
bought one okay listen I'm I buy everything new that comes out you
probably buy a game com okay I understand I have a virtual and that's
the same thing I just I have to own it all I'm like Veruca salt I mine mine
mine me me me I want it all exactly here's the thing though I'm not getting
it at launch I am NOT getting it at law I didn't get 360 at launch and I turned
out okay yeah exactly and I'm just saying just based on what games are you
coming out right now okay I really hate to bring this story to light because
it's just it really you gotta wonder what crazy-ass people they got working
at Sony I'm sorry this news came from a website called gamefront.de it's a
The German site that has a lot of information on Sony Playstation and the Wii and all that
stuff.
They noticed, and I was looking for it right before the show, that Sony has registered
a patent in the Japanese patent office to name their controller.
You will not believe what this controller is going to be called.
Try me.
The name that they named the controller, and it actually looks kind of weird, it's a P
and an S with almost like an infinity symbol in the middle, but according to the patent
it's P space O O space S.
Poohs.
Poohs.
They're saying that the circles might actually represent the analog six.
So what you have here is them copying the Wii in the name of... but the controller is
called...
Oh really, it's a PlayStation.
I get P.S.
That makes sense.
I understand, you know, with the little circles, I guess that could be kind of nice.
The Poohs and the Wii?
The Pooh and the Wii?
What's the Xbox 360 going to come out with?
The sphincter.
The Poohs.
What the hell are they thinking?
okay show me the logo okay so I said you had a picture of it right I have a
picture of the logo and I will show it to you and I will actually probably
post this in our forum just so everyone can look at it it's okay convince me
this isn't fake honestly because I look at this and I go what if this is some
and this is some anti Sony person's idea of a really bad joke
Rob I looked at the website I couldn't see the only thing I couldn't look up
the patent, or not the patent, the trademark on there, because I have no idea how to look
up those trademarks on that website. You can't search by company or anything like that. You
have to know the trademark number. Well, I looked at their screenshot and it looks like
off that website. So granted, it could be an elaborate hoax or something like that,
but I think it would be really weird for them to do that. Because the site seems to carry
a lot of news stories that are fact, and I would see this as kind of off the wall. And
that's why I was really looking for this because that's comedy gold right there
ain't I'm sorry I just I just don't buy it like maybe I'm having like you
remember when like the morning I remember the morning that the Wii was
announced like Nintendo fanboys were like oh that's not right that's a lie
it's not called the Wii stop fucking with us Sony fanboys I'm like having
one of those moments I'm like seriously you can't be calling this the poos that
is that you gotta read you have to realize what you're doing here well this
but see that logo is too I don't know it's too simplistic to me I just it
screams fake I don't think I buy it I really don't well I'm just going by what
it looks like here it looks so much like it like an infinity but it looks like an
eight so seriously because the left side is smaller than the right well I think
I think what that might mean or whatever is, I don't know, have something to do with the tilting of it or something, I don't know.
Because you can't...
No, if they were showing it tilted it would have been at a completely different ratio.
I don't know what they're thinking, but anyways...
Yeah, sorry, I still call bullshit. I don't think they're dumb enough to name their console the poos.
Well, I was looking...
Or the controller the poos.
I'm looking and you know what, I'll try to find this and I seriously think, just looking at the screenshot, that is a shot straight off that website.
I know just from browsing the website, it looks exactly like it.
So you know what, it could be a hoax, but if it's not, it should be in there somewhere
and we should be able to find it.
So either way, you're going to find out pretty soon.
And if it is, that's really weird.
Really weird.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I'm taking that with a huge grain of salt.
But if that turns out to be the real name, if we're back here next week with some type
of confirmation stuff I'm just gonna I'm gonna shed more tears for Sony cuz the
poos I mean you realize okay it's an infinity sign it's not oh oh but you're
saying that's how they've trademarked it right is that's his piece space oh oh
space s is what it's on and that doesn't sound a little anti Sony fanboy to you
that doesn't sound I don't know well it didn't the whole the whole story from
them and I don't have it translated unfortunately. It was just saying that they had registered
a patent for their controller or a trademark for the controller and it says that they speculate
and okay the PNS of course is PlayStation, the two circles are the analog six. They didn't
draw the distinction that it's naughty, you know, poo. They didn't laugh about it. They
just basically reported it as a story. And that's it and it had a picture of the logo
go on there. Alright, our few chatters that are here today want to see the article for
themselves, so we'll link it in the chat room so you can see it.
Gamefront.de, and if you scroll down quite a bit, it should be, there's a story about
the Eye of Judgment right below it, so just speaking of poo. Alright, well...
That's not just poo, that's like the poo of poo.
Many console names make us crazy and cause us to get a little angsty, and that makes
us want to get really, really angsty and do our FUs of the Week.
How's that sound, DarkSakura?
My FU of the Week is actually not what it was going to originally be.
actually toured my work for having these stupid retarded meetings for two hours
about crap they don't know oh what about our pension we don't know that yet oh
what about our thing we don't know that either
oh but what about this let me read directly off of our website that's been
posted for the last three days oh people it's there's two words for that meeting
premature and pathetic there was no call for it is I mean it's basically I think
just to smooth things over but really all it did was like just piss people off
so a big F you took that stupid meeting how pointless it was you know give us a
meeting when we actually have some information on it so my F is going to
Sony because every day I read something crazy and crazier from them and
I did get a lot of laundry done, though, so I'll at least smell clean when I go to Canada.
Cuz I hear they check for that at the border.
Does Sky smell laundry fresh?
Oh, that was you.
There actually is a little bit of release news for our dear friends in the UK.
The Take-Two's game, Prey, has been announced to be released on July 14th, which is actually
three days after we're going to get it here.
There's also going to be a limited edition version for the PC, and there's a saying likely
that there's going to be a demo for the Xbox 360 showing up on live pretty quick.
That's another one of those things everybody's on Major Nelson's blog going, where's our
Prey demo? Where's the demo? Where's Street Fighter?
Basically for anyone who doesn't know, Prey is... you're playing as a garage mechanic
who gets kidnapped by aliens and has to save the world with his dead grandfather to guide
him. Yeah, isn't that fantastic? That really makes me want to play Prey.
I want to check it out.
I want to play that game so that I can throw up.
Oh, because of motion sickness and all that?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I don't really care for first-person- I haven't liked a first-person shooter since, uh, Hexen, really.
Um, I haven't played one a lot since, like, Halo 2, probably, but I'm- I'll give it a shot.
I mean, I'll watch it.
It's got a lot of hype, it's gotta be- there's gotta be something about it.
I actually could sit through, um, through, uh, uh, Perfect Dark Zero without getting sick for a little while.
See I tried to get into that and I just couldn't oh, I'm personally not too excited about prey
However, I know some of our listeners are so hey guess what praise coming out sweet
Yes, that game looks actually pretty cool
It's gonna have really awesome multiplayer apparently
What speaking of multiplayer actually?
Oblivion's got another mod for the PC and that's a multiplayer mod
It's kind of in alpha right now, but it allows you right now to basically exist in the same world with somebody else.
But they're hoping that later on they're going to be able to add support up to eight players along with deathmatch and capture the flag.
So, it's kind of nifty.
Wait, oblivion multiplayer capture the flag?
That's kind of weird.
That's crazy though, somebody built multiplayer into oblivion?
yeah you would think that
they would want to put that in the game themselves and charge you know five
bucks for it on xbox 360
you know next to the horsey armor and all that stuff yeah
if the if they were even to do that I don't that's I don't that's a weird
add-on that's I mean that I mean it sounds great but that seems like it
would change the game
I think it would be pretty cool to go do just not even like if you can't do deathmatch
but do like co-op
co-op would be pretty cool. I mean that's like a whole other
idea for an Oblivion game honestly. That's crazy that somebody built that
into
that takes some real talent and skill and
sleepless nights and coffee to be able to do. Wow.
Yeah. Speaking of Oblivion, kind of an exclusive here.
Another wonderful item appeared in my system at work
that would be Oblivion on the PS3. It's going to be coming out
currently at launch
My guess is probably after launch sometime, but it is coming. Okay. So why have we heard until today?
Anything about that? I hope I know people don't watch the retail sites. They do watch they do watch GameSpot and EB because I know it's my
Similar stories the one we talked about on Sunday night have appeared on Monday, you know, I like the live arcade thingy
Yeah appeared because they saw the box art from
from GameStop, apparently, which pulled it off their website, too, and, funny enough,
all those titles I said were correct, so, whew, heard it here first, except they didn't
get the hundred points in there, but they mentioned everything else, so.
Interesting.
No, I think when I saw the box cover, it had something about that.
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
Whatever.
Whatever.
You were close enough.
Good job, Loki.
PlayStation 3?
Oblivion is a really big game on Xbox 360, but the biggest game on the regular Xbox was
no doubt Halo 2.
When Halo 2 was first released, there was a company, Plantronics, and they created a
special edition Halo 2 headset.
It cost about $49.95 to $59.95, but the cool thing was that they were donating $1 of the
proceeds to the Plantronics Gamecom United Way Katrina Relief Fund. Now, I
know that doesn't sound like a whole lot of the cost, but something to note is
that the price of those headsets has now dropped to $14.95 to $19.95 for your Xbox
Communicator Special Halo 2 Edition, so check that out. And some of it goes to
charity, so you can feel good about yourself as you go kill people on Halo.
well killing people
is not a good thing to do unless they're in your way
then buy out, no I'm kidding, however there are
prisoners who are at a
Wakefield prison in the UK
who have to get rid of their PlayStation 2's
oh boo hoo, yeah I mean being in prison wow
but basically there were inmates
at this prison who were found that they were watching porn on their PlayStation 2s, and
so they received 200 pounds each for every confiscated machine.
Huh.
It's like...
Oh, so wait, wait, wait, they took them, but then they paid them for it?
Yeah.
Isn't that great?
200 pounds. Yeah, that's a lot of money. I'm like, yeah, that's a lot
Yeah, I'm pretty sure yeah cuz the pounds worth more than a dollar right now, right
So basically, yeah for the nine prisoners who had theirs taken away. That's that's 1800 pounds, you know
Well now did they have all the porn taken away too?
Because maybe that justifies why they were paid so much because they probably had some really impressive collections of pornography
I mean, but even so keep in mind that you know, this is probably coming out of the
pockets of people. Now the prison service is saying that they're refunding the
prisoners because they bought the PlayStation 2's with their own
money but and there's also been a mention that not compensating them might
have been a breach of human rights but you know what I think they breached
their the rights of whoever they violated when you know whatever crime
they did to put themselves in jail. You're in jail as punishment it
shouldn't be happy fun time they should get a brick wall with a toilet attached
to it and a piece of board to lay on okay not that bad but but seriously like
if you've killed somebody yeah you get a cell well who knows who knows what these
people were I mean they could have been like this is a maximum security never I'm
like they could have been drug criminals and you know um for saying that among
those it was taken from they were sex offenders oh who I watch in porn that's
lovely okay I get it I get absolutely no sympathy for a sex offender gotcha but
also as quoted by Norman Brennan who's the chairman of the victim of crime
trust was quoted in the Yorkshire Post that it made a mockery of the whole
criminal justice system and honestly I don't know what to think about that I
think it's kind of sad they had him to begin with well better porn than shower
rapes I mean honestly I think if you're in prison for something it shouldn't be
happy fun time it should be paper you pay your penalty honestly I'd rather
without getting into a political discussion I'd rather take they take out
their sexual frustrations on you know porno then you know shower rape beat the
meet instead of just being able to beat each other.
Exactly.
Speaking of beating things, they're actually having a professional video game competition
in the UK here pretty soon.
There's going to be, it's kind of part of this extreme sports channel, something that
we definitely don't get over here, but they're actually going to be hosting kind of a series
of live video gaming events that'll take place during, what was it, some show that's going
on over there, the Ripspeed Donnie Car Show. I don't know if that's any big thing that
I should say. Car show? Car show. It's supposed to get in, it's supposed to... It's Sunday,
Sunday, Sunday! Come on down to the car show and video game to rent. It's, okay, it's going
to be happening... Babes and Halo. It's supposed to be happening on the 13th of August, and
If you're curious you can look it up at www.donnyshow.co.uk and they're expecting to get 20,000 visitors,
which I don't know if that's big for a car show or not, but it's going to take place
at the North Weld Airfield in Essex.
What you can expect there though, they're going to be having the Xbox Cup, which is
a four and a half, or four half hour live broadcasts of the Adidas World of Football
in Berlin, which is going to be on Saturday, this Saturday actually, or, well, by the time
you get this podcast, probably yesterday. So I hope you watched it, or else TiVo'd it.
But anyways, for that one that's actually going on during the car show, they're going
to be doing Project Gotham 3, Turner... Do they have TiVo in the UK? I don't know.
I'm sure they have some type of DVR.
They're going to be having a Project Gotham Racing 3 tournament at the car show, which
is appropriate since it is a car show.
And yeah, so basically the Extreme Sports Channel has, you know, labels Joystick Junkies.
And they're bringing together hundreds of UK's very best gamers to compete in the UK's
first live televised pro-racing games tournament.
After seven days of grueling heats on Xbox Live in the morning at Ripspeed Donnie, the
final 16 competitors will be pitting their racing skills against the very best the UK
has to offer.
They will be playing Project Gotham Racing 3 on an open-air 20 foot by 15 foot LED screen
on live television and the pressure will be on to give the best performance with huge
audience and the hot list of prizes up for grabs.
Some of our chatters that are actually awake and listening to us in the chat room.
All three of them?
Yeah, all three of them that are going there.
We have Sakarina and Rama are screaming at me that, yeah, they do have some form of TiVo
over in the UK.
That's what I said.
They have TV.
I figured they had something like it, but...
Oh my God, TiVo's only in the US.
No, no, no, their TV is different the way it's set up.
You pay the fee and everything.
No, no, I don't mean...
Forget it.
Forget it.
Yeah, they have that PAL thing.
No.
Forget it.
The four 30 minute live broadcasts are going to be on Sunday the 13th of August with the
programming repeated between 9pm and 11pm and midnight to 2am so fun fun but hey that's
kind of neat though especially with the Gotham TV.
Gotham TV if they actually do it right they can make it look pretty cool so I don't know.
Alright should be fun to watch.
Well, as far as things to watch, you know, anime games are, you know, getting big, we're getting our Naruto, we're getting all kinds of things, but, um...
Too bad all the reviews of Naruto have been crap!
You know what? I played that game already, I've been playing it, it was pretty fun.
It's really fun when you get four-person multiplayer in that game.
Alright.
But, uh, Saint Seiya's coming to Europe!
Saint Seiya's a freakin' OLD ass anime, I don't know why it's taking this long.
Atari and Namco Bandai are bringing out
Saint Seiya the Hades to Europe
later on in the year. It's based off the manga and anime
Over here it was called Knights of the Zodiac or some stupid
crap. No, they had Saint Seiya over here.
They had Saint Seiya over here. I thought it came out over here as Knights of the Zodiac.
No, I thought they had it. Anyway, but basically it's
supposed to be full-on anime style you have the Cosmo system pulled in
it's supposed to be out in autumn
alright that's pretty
pretty spiffy there I don't know the anime games don't seem to do too well at least I know
from a work standpoint you know people Dragon Ball anyway
there's always Dragon Ball or Yu-Gi-Oh does Yu-Gi-Oh count as anime?
I guess it's more of a card game than anime
What did it start as? Did it start as a card game or did it start as a anime?
It started as the card game, right? No, it started as the card game. Actually it was
another thing before that, like dual monsters and then it was Yu-Gi-Oh!
And I actually have Yu-Gi-Oh! manga from a shounen jumper from 1991.
Hold on, hold on, put the brakes on.
I just realized we're wasting time on the show talking about Yu-Gi-Oh!
I have a deck.
So as far as stuff coming out this week,
Nothing. I mean, absolutely almost nothing.
Oh yeah, the Tuesdays are big release days, right?
And Tuesdays are 4th of July, which is a big holiday here.
Well, no, not Tuesdays. Usually it's around Wednesdays or so.
But whatever, it doesn't matter.
Although, if you do have a 360, Lord of the Rings Battle for Middle-Earth 2 is going to be coming out.
So, yippee.
And that's about the only good game that's coming out this week, to be honest.
There's like literally on my pre-book sheet that I was you know ordering for people four games
Wow, or and most of them were
Like there was was a board game classics 21. Oh
Ray to yay. All right
some soccer game that was on the Sony's official soccer game on the
PSP is coming out for which is funny because it's still o6
but whatever
that one's coming out and that's about it and even the week after that's even
actually the week after that's gonna be pretty good because that's when you get
praying chrome hands and stuff like that so uh all right but yeah okay so well we
are getting crap in the u.s. this week is the UK faring any better well you
know it would be fantastic if that was actually the case but not always well
Well I'll tell you what, there actually are some interesting things going to be out coming
up in the first week of July, although honestly I don't see what's too exciting about Alex
Ryder's Stormbreaker.
That sounded pretty exciting, sorry my cell phone went off in the studio.
There's also Earache Extreme Metal Racing, although I have to say on the 7th they do
get ChromeHound.
Alex Ryder is going to be pretty sweet though, it's got a DS in that.
And they get electroplankton.
And Pirates of the Caribbean, The Legend of Jack Sparrow, and Super Dragon Ball Z.
And that's about it.
And Big Brain Academy.
I've heard Big Brain Academy is way better than Brain Training, but I've
only played it myself for like five minutes, so I need more time with it, but
it looks like there's a lot more to it. I love electroplankton.
Was playing that demo in line at e3 last year like the whole time
That's pretty cool. I don't know. It sounds like a lot of good stuff
So they're actually getting a lot of good games though in July. I mean just later on there's a coming out with
Civ 4, Civ City Rome, Shin Megami Tensei, which I saw some of at e3, Prey
There's actually some pretty decent stuff coming out in July
Anyways, speaking of stuff coming out, Eevee and Gamestop are going to be getting a special
edition of Final Fantasy 12, when that finally comes out, around Halloween. Included in that
of course will be a steel bookcase, developers interviews, history of Final Fantasy featurettes,
Final Fantasy XII US Trailers, Final Fantasy XII Japanese Trailers, Final Fantasy XII Art
Galleries as well.
Cosplay footage, please.
Damn.
And you can get that for $59.99 when that comes out Halloween.
Last week on the program we teased that we were going to start doing a new segment called
the voicemails of the week.
Unfortunately since we had been taping for about three and a half hours that night I
never gave you guys a topic.
So it kind of ties into the story that Loki was just talking about, and if you guys were
listening to last week's show during the Part B segment, there was a little bit of a heated
discussion here in studio about pre-ordering.
So what we want to ask as our voicemail question of the week is, do you pre-order games?
If so, what do you believe are the advantages of pre-ordering games?
If you don't pre-order games, why don't you do it?
We want to hear your feedback.
We'll place some of your responses on the air.
Give our voicemail a call any time during the week.
9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67 please keep in mind boys and girls that that may be a toll
call unless you happen to be local to where we are so please make sure you had
the permission of whoever's paying the phone bill before you give that a call
but what's your opinion on pre-ordering games and are you gonna pre-order Final
Fantasy 12 to get that super special limited edition I might I usually don't
pre-order games but I might because I'm that big of a 12 whore that I I might
want to have all that special shit so we'll see anyway I mentioned earlier in
the program that major Nelson's blog has been pretty active this week and he
wrote a pretty lengthy blog earlier this week about everybody's been bitching and
leaving comments as blog where Street Fighter 2 where's the demo for prey dot
that at that and you see these maintenance shutdowns going on and they
even really cock teased us with Street Fighter 2 because we have the theme and
the gamer pictures, but yet no games yet.
So, you know, Major Nelson is getting a lot of heat for this being the, you know, kind
of the community face there.
Basically he is saying blah, blah, blah, sometimes developers are not aware of the intense Microsoft
certification process, blah, blah, blah, sometimes they promise dates and they don't know what
the complexity is, blah, blah, blah.
I don't know guys, I don't, I mean I understand Major Nelson shouldn't be really taking the
blame for this crap, so you know, don't blame him.
But at the same time, how many different freaking release dates has Capcom announced for Street
Fighter 2 in various, you know, ways?
I mean it's kind of their own damn faults.
If they didn't, they shouldn't have announced the game was coming out if they weren't done,
you know, with certification or didn't, you know, realize or I don't know what, they shouldn't
have announced the damn game coming out at all or should have been very vague in it and
not get our hopes up time and time again because that's what causes people to get frustrated.
That does make sense, I mean, I don't know, I really wish they had just released more
games period on live, I understand they have to go through like quality controls and yada
yada yada, but there's some, I understand why Street Fighter is being delayed because
of the online lag that they have and they need to really get that fixed but at the same
time I don't understand you know why they just can't like for example the thing I'm
pissed off and it doesn't really have to do with live too much is how you know the official
Xbox magazine well they have a disc with it that comes with demos that are on live and
well it comes with demos and a lot of demos that are already on live have been on live
for like months so what the hell am I paying for this magazine for demos that I can already
download you know now but the same time they should be doing like you know put
some more content on there you know some more games or something because I know
that there can't be just you know one or two games coming out every now they I'm
sure people are lining up to you know put stuff on live so they see more
content that's what it comes down to and they need to stop teasing us with these
yeah I mean they didn't weren't they also saying there was gonna be two new
arcade games every month at least and we've had an absolute drought since UNO
at e3 yeah which I would say actually I'm gonna make a bold statement here I
think that's part of who knows huge success right now I think you know
obviously it's a it's a solid game and it's a fun thing to play online but
honestly I think the reason people are still talking about it and people are so
into it is that salt they've really got that's new in the past many months
before that what was the newest game like an astral pop or something really
do you really want to play hardwood backgammon i mean does anyone play backgammon anymore
my dad might i don't know i mean if i want to play backgammon i'll have a table a actual board game
i just don't get it but um you know that's their prerogative and how they want to do things
anywho by the way dmn in her chat room would like to point out that uh he would like to play
hardwood bag gamin so and is offering to fight you i believe i believe he's calling you out
backgammon sucks it was always on the other side of the chess or checkerboard and i was like what
the hell is this i don't want to play this anyways um speaking of stuff that you know isn't out there
or it's not coming out australia reservoir dogs the game not coming out because they banned it
Why did they ban it? Well apparently it was awfully violent and it's kind of
interesting they were talking about some of the reasons why it was denied a game
classification and this kind of makes me want to buy the game more. Players
participants in a bank heist can literally blow the heads off of hostages
and police as well as execute hostages at point-blank range with the gunshot to
the head.
Use a series of so-called signature torture moves.
Players can use different means to torture hostages and thereby cause the police to lay
down their weapons, such as repeated pistol whippings to the side of the head with blood
spray evident, burning the eyes of a hostage with a cigar until they scream and die, cutting
the fingers off of a hostage with blood bursts as the victim screams in pain.
In lieu of taking hostages, the players can opt to a more violent scenario where a slow
motion shootout occurs, accentuating the violence.
I am buying this game.
I know, it's like Australia just gave free advertising for the game for all the other
countries.
But that is a little odd that they'd ban it before it's even released.
Why aren't they going after this game?
Okay, when this game comes out, the MPAA better get off of hot coffee's ass for a little
bit of sex because this has slicing up fingers and burning out eyes.
I think it's a little worse. Of course there's no nudity, so...
Out of curiosity... Well, what about the movie? Yeah, out of curiosity, can I still walk into an
Australian
video store and pick up Resport Dogs the movie? Yeah, you can. Okay.
That's an interesting little...
It's industry's double standard. It's a double standard. Very interesting.
How stupid. I'm looking for the... I mean, I guess...
It's so stupid! Because it's the player that gets to do it,
it makes it you know because the interactiveness makes it worse
I guess is that the theory behind it I yeah I think so
that's awesome I am so buying
yeah I didn't realize the game was gonna be that violent I mean that would be kind of
stupid
not think a Reservoir Dogs game would be a cheap ass port
and now I really want to play this game alright we'll see
anyway oh good guy good comment in chat room dark Tetsuya says I can't wait to
hear
He Who Shall Remain Nameless's reaction to that game when it comes out here.
She's calling you-know-who.
Yeah, you-know-who.
Jackie Poo.
Anyway, you know who emails us every week?
I don't, but DarkSakura does because she's our mailbag mistress, and when you email mailbag
at orangelaungeradio.com, she puts on her hazmat suit, dives into the email bag, and
pulls out her favorite and most, I was about to say most least favorite, her least favorite
emails. Her mostest, leastest emails. My mostest-ly. Just read the damn emails, DarkSaga. Oh geez.
First email comes from JeremyTod1. He says, it's JeremyTod1 again! As if I didn't get
that email. Wait, haven't you read his emails in the past four weeks in a row? Um, fine,
I'm skipping it, sorry. But he does say House of the Dead. You didn't have to skip it, I'm
the exploding action I just I want to make sure everybody gets heard it wants
to know what we think about arcade type shooters going on the Wii like house of
the dead you know I was listening to I want to say all games they had some
rumor about like a lightsaber game being on the Wii and I was thinking like you
know the Star Wars trilogy game like in the last stage you could actually fight
Darth Vader one-on-one with a lightsaber and I was thinking I'm not a huge Star
Wars fan but that would be one of the most fucking badass things ever to play
would be like a lightsaber game first-person fighter with the Wii
controller that is so freaking hardcore they need a blip man in chronic game
will you fight Mark Hamill as the cock knocker you're so lame but funny but
lame I would also like to see point-blank please thank you yes excuse
Speaking of Point Blank, actually, one of our other listeners, Robert M., says if you're
still having trouble finding Point Blank DS, try Game Crazy. He says that apparently they've
been pretty good to find him there. He found his copy and trauma center.
How about it, Loki? You gonna go? There's a Game Crazy nearby here.
You know, I thought the one that was in the Hollywood video by me closed down, but I think
it's...
No, I think it's...
Go buy Kmart on Sunrise.
I don't really care to play that game.
I mean, I'll go get it eventually.
You bitched about it for two weeks straight on this show that you couldn't find it, and
now we're telling you, here it is, go get it.
You're like, I don't want to go get it.
Well, I don't know if I want to go get it.
Well, I want to go to GameStop because I have credit there, and so I don't want to have
to actually pay money.
There you go.
Also, um, wants to know, uh, regarding the upcoming Transformers movie, uh, what if the
official movie poster were one large
website make it really damn hard to see
the you know when you held your thumb
over the I heard that the teaser trailer
came up today right yeah and I tried to
watch it on YouTube and it says this is
unavailable I did see though an image
from them what they thought was going to
be bumblebee you know though why the VW
why is not a VW Beetle why actually
good licensing exactly also jazz isn't
gonna be a Porsche hmm cuz I'm just blink blink I've got to be honest I I
remember what transformers is all about but you name characters and I go whoosh
jazz is the one whose voice was done by a dude who was Hong Kong Phooey
scatman cruthers okay well you know Casey case and did I was too busy
watching you can't do that on television okay you know is gummy bears move to
to Canada. Casey Kasem is a transformer. Casey Kasem, like the old radio DJ? Casey Kasem!
Yeah, he transforms into stuff. Now that's pretty cool. He was, um, Cliffjumper. Okay,
anyway. And he also was Shaggy in Scooby-Doo. Yeah, anyway. He was also Casey Kasem. He was
also Casey Kasem. Next email! Casey Kasem's top 40. Next email! Um, one from hmasterosha.
OSHA says happy birthday sky oh thanks this is my first email to orange
lounge but I've been listening since the episode of someone I think it was a
guest someone like DJ Ron Mez or someone who called in frequently swore off
boners oh no that was explicit yeah yeah that was before the podcast and live
show merged because we didn't school yeah I mean our old live shows used to
be nuts we talked about really crazy stuff if you think we're off topic on
this show. Geez, you should have heard our old live show. Uh, yeah, okay. It was probably
last year's Lent, I think, was when you did that.
And you said that your gift is something found on Google looking for World of Warcraft AMVs.
Hope you find it as funny as I did, but there's not a link to it. You're all doing a great
job, even with an anti-Mac co-host, and before I forget, he actually gave me what I'm using
as my side of the week.
Oh, awesome.
Yeah.
Well, thank you for the birthday wishes, and I haven't gotten a chance to watch the video
yet because I think my outlook didn't like the attachment but maybe send it to
me a web link or something and I'll try to get it you send it to me on the you
send it or one of those sites that's usually the best way I didn't see because
outlook doesn't like attachments from people for some reason it's this way I
don't use outlook to check our meal you know I use the webmail because I can
check it from work. Oh stop it. Next up is Carlos emailing us and we get says
hey guys congrats on four years yay thank you I've been enjoying this
podcast since August something and it's still made of win and awesome oh that's
sweet thank you that's just that's what our cake was made of to win and awesome
anyways I went to my local GameStop to pick up Mega Man EXE 6 poster they kept
for me because I'm a family, and while I was talking to the manager, we're friends, out
of the corner of my eye I noticed a Nintendo DS package with something in it. It looked
like a GBA cartridge. I inquired about this and found out it was a rumble pack for Super
Princess Peach, Metroid Pinball, and two other games. Now this didn't surprise me, and I
thought gimmicks gimmicks until I saw the price tag, $99.99. In closing, I'd just like
to say, what the fuck, Nintendo?
I don't think the rumble fax 9999 I think it's 999 or something like that or
isn't she? Maybe it was just a mistype or something? I think it was a mistype. There's no way that's a hundred bucks.
Yeah I think maybe it was just a little oopsie. Well
speaking of oopsies there's still more email. Alrighty.
I'm actually really going through the email because I got quite a bit in just a few days.
Yeah I know we're taping early this week too. Good job listeners!
Drown her in that email. Hey!
Oh dude sorry if I blew out somebody's speakers. Another one
There's not a name. It's actually a trace said, uh, hey guys, it's nice
I was wondering if any of you have played the game bumpies
It's a DOS game and I think there would be a remake for the PSP like they did with lemmings
I've never heard of that never heard of it. Sorry. Send us more info or a link or something. We'll check it out
Why not? Um, especially if it's free free rocks
Now I did get an email that at first sort of pissed me off
Mm-hmm, and this is gonna be I'm not trying to be TMI about anything
but you know what I said made the comment that yeah if I ever saw any of
my kids reenacting something from a you know violent video game I pop one right
well it wasn't necessarily that I would treat violence with violence because we
got an email from one of our listeners you didn't mean you were gonna pop the
kid with a baseball bat right no no I use my hand well okay this is how this
is what I think about and you hit like a girl so when I'm just teasing I'm gonna
get hit you're gonna get hit like a girl no but seriously um and I'm not gonna go
into any detail because it's nobody's business but I do firsthand know the
difference between abuse and punishment and so I think that I very well know
where the limits the line would be drawn I think that the video game shouldn't be
as much as the concern as the home environment that one is raised in as far
as what determines if someone's going to turn out a violent person or not.
I think that if me just going, oh well don't do that, oh well don't do that, oh well don't
do that, stand in the corner, if that's not going to do the job, I'm not beyond, you know,
doing a little physical discipline, you know, I was spanked as a kid, I've had much worse,
you know, when you learn the difference.
Was this an email?
Yeah, it was an email.
Okay.
why I'm not going into any detail on the email, but I'd just like to clarify that, that's
my feelings toward it.
If it's going to save my child growing up to be some sort of serial killer or knowing
that it's not right to go and kick somebody because they pissed you off, then I'm not
beyond it.
Let me try to spin it this way because I like to be the one that likes to make the happy
politically correct, make everybody happy statement, so try to humor me on this one.
There are certain choices that you get to make as a parent in the way you want to raise
your kid.
Actually, there are many choices that you get to make as long as, obviously, you don't
break the law, but there are choices that you get to make and one of those choices is
what we're talking about here, but another one that relates to the bigger topic at hand
is you know do you want your child exposed to violent video games what do
you believe is right for your child and so on that does exactly you know my
point you know I think that if they're four years old yeah and sitting them
down with you know dead to rights isn't necessarily a good idea maybe if they're
like 13 that's not so much of a deal but you know it's not just the games you
have to look at it environmentally how many children are raised with violence
in their homes every day and don't own a video game system.
That's my point on that.
And you know, I think it starts with how parents choose to discipline their children and what
they allow them to be exposed to.
That was my point.
Is that it?
No.
Alright.
There's more.
Two more.
Like I said, I've got a lot of email.
Alright.
Oh, we may have to have a two part show tonight.
I don't know.
Krispy Kreme wants to know if you have to have an Xbox 360 to be part of the OLR army.
Basically what are the requirements?
you know I said starting up the whole one minor bitch correction the when it
was coined the phrase it's actually o-l-r uppercase m-y lowercase o-l-r-me
get it get it you can thank me for that I don't I don't think we ever
specifically said how we wanted to do the o-l-r-me so the jury's out on that
do you have to I think we want to have gaming clicks all over not just 360 but
other games too. If you have a Super Nintendo, we want our Street Fighter 2 Championship edition.
Or Killer Instinct. Killer Instinct. That should be one branch of the
O.L. Army, absolutely. More to come on the O.L. Army when we have some ideas.
But for any folks that are on MMOs, plug plug plug, I have a site roleplay.dartsakurai.com
where I'm hosting MMO chats. In fact, Death Cakes still hosted there to this day.
Oh, my old Final Fantasy XI link show, yeah.
Even though none of us are there.
You know, they've been going pretty strong on there.
You know, if we get a big enough group, you know, I pick the people who are the most responsible to make moderators on the board.
So, you know, temporary hosting, at least for the MMOs, and even tabletop gamers will be up on roleplay.dart.com.
In other words, the hardcore nerds.
The hardcore nerds. Hey, I do tabletop gaming.
Well, you're also a hardcore nerd.
Hell yeah. Nerd pride, yo.
The last one is the biggest email ever!
Really?
It's a multi-paragraph email.
Okay.
And this was sent by, um...
Joey.
Okay.
Hello Orange Lounge royalty!
Ooh, I like this guy already, okay.
Second time writing. First time was on Myspace asking for Genesis titles.
I'd first like to thank you in the chatroom for giving some great recommendations to pimp out my Genesis 3.
I-
Our chairman's getting love!
Wow!
Yeah!
I would love to join an Orange Lounge clan, I just don't call it the OC or something stupid.
Orange Lounge Army sounds good.
We would never relate this program to that.
Come on, give us a little credit, dude.
Orange Lounge Army sounds good, it's actually OL Army, but we just said that.
Though I'm getting rid of a couple of my Xbox 360 games.
Uh...
What's...
Uh, GR, AW, and Burnout Revenge.
Okay, the only reason I am getting rid of, uh, okay, I'm trying to think of what GR,
because of my brain.
Ghost Recon.
Ghost Recon, okay.
See, I don't play that.
That's right.
It's because of Chapter 2.
Basically, the way I feel about the upgrade packs is that they are a buy them or have
fun finding a game online anymore.
I have no problem with paying for more stuff, but not $15.
If I thought, if I bought Chapter 2, I would have spent a total of approximately $80 considering
taxes.
So Gross Recon was fun, but hardly worth $65 taxes again, and not worth $80 to me, so I'm
going to get $35 available towards something else.
With Burnout, I'm simply just burned out from playing an HD Xbox clone.
I looked up all the prices for stuff, and I should have around $120.
I'm having a little battle of conscience of whether or not to put it to my inevitable
purchase of a Nintendo Wii, bless you, or spend the money on some of the, I guess, delish-looking
Xbox 360 titles and accessories.
I would like input, but I don't expect it because people are really cautious of saying
anything these days.
Going forward, leaning towards the Wii because I already have Zelda Twilight Princess for
GameCube reserved, I will switch it to Wii most likely.
In my opinion, either way you're going to be saving that money because if you were listening
to the release date segment, there's really not a lot out there right now and honestly
it sounds like you've kind of torn through a lot of the big Xbox 360 titles, like you
know I like burnout it's fun for a while it's still fun for me right now so it
sounds like you've got most of the good stuff already taken care of so right now
there's really not a lot out but if you want good Xbox 360 titles one I'm pretty
excited about looks pretty hot to me is a 99 nights but that's not coming out
till August so you'd have to be saving your money for that so I think either
way you're gonna end up saving your money so whether you decide to put it
towards a Wii or whatever you know maybe wait and see when we get a little more
information on the Wii or what have you. You'll notice that my gaming week
personally has slowed down a little bit and I've been talking about the same games
each week because there hasn't been a lot of new stuff that's been that
exciting. I think most of us are kind of like we're catching up on old stuff or
something. So it's kind of a slow period for games right now and I think
you'll end up just saving your money for the fall. Smart idea.
Play Animal Crossing with us. But no, there's actually one other paragraph on here that I
think makes a really good point.
Okay. Without the boycott for Fragdolls and PMS Clan. Oh yeah, I want to hear some
feedback on that story that boycott the frag dolls and PMS planner pulling is
just hypocritical I mean how do they think Microsoft and Ubisoft choose the
women to join these clans it's obviously not gamerscore they choose the women
that even out the best on looks and then they look at the talent that's why they
had them running around the e3 doing interviews I'm in no way saying that
there isn't talent in this clans they're really decent clans I'm just saying that
because you have to have both looks and talents to be in them so saying that the
beauty contest and whatnot is unfair because you don't actually have to be a
hardcore gamer is kind of stupid. That just makes it like every other modeling
show that has ever existed that they have never boycotted. I hope they
actually do have the Mr. Video Game Beauty Contest. Average men would take
competitions like these a lot more light-hearted than the ladies and it
would actually be fun and maybe even funny in a light-hearted sense. This just
applies to this type of contest though. Sports for Men is a different story.
And he also wants to know what the song we use for my Website of the Week segment.
It's Candy from DDR Ohasta, which is a Japanese import only game.
Yep.
Good luck finding that.
Alright.
There are nefarious ways.
Well done emails this week.
I applaud lots of them.
I applaud the listeners.
Let's keep it moving.
Yes.
Speaking of fun stuff, Take Two has been subpoenaed over the hot coffee, yay, just when you think
your tax dollars are going to something good, they're not.
So yes, basically Take-Two has received grand jury subpoenas and this is being issued by
the District Attorney of the County of New York requesting the production of documents
covering various periods beginning on October 1, 2001, including those relating to the hot
coffee issue, and the creation, inclusion, and programming of hidden scenes.
And also it should be noted that some people might be able to face jail time, which I think
is funny because the whole system is a voluntary system, so how the hell are they going to
go to jail over that?
I think it's time for everybody to get past it already, I'm just so sick of hearing about
it.
I'm all about the new...
Hey, listen, you know, Grand Theft Auto Liber- or, Gran- uh, San Andreas, that's so a couple
years ago.
You know what?
I'm all about the Reservoir Dogs game.
I'm very interested to see what happens with Grand Theft Auto IV.
Do you think they're going to dumb it down a little bit in spite of all this when it
comes to violence?
I think they will.
But here's the thing, sirs, I'm hoping.
I'm hoping adult only and- GO CRAZY!
That's what I want.
You can't just get the adults only rating and go for it.
Go for it.
You cannot let Reservoir Dogs beat you at your own game.
The Nintendo DS is looking to one-up the competition even though they don't exactly need it.
They're doing pretty well on the market right now, however, you may have heard that there
is a new Opera browser coming out for the DS in Japan, but it's coming out just in less
than a month.
There is a Japanese website, Nintendo Japan has a website that talks all about the new
The browser will support stylus-based controls for scrolling, going between pages, inputting characters with handwriting or a keyboard on there.
However, the bad news is the browser won't be able to display Flash, won't be able to do PDFs, and it's not going to do video or sound.
So, no YouTubing on your Nintendo DS. Sorry, kids.
Well, hopefully it's still a start. I hope it supports, like, good JavaScript, because
then you can still do, like, you know... I know they already have homebrew for it, but...
The first PSP browser didn't support a lot of that either, so...
Well, the PDFs still aren't supported on there.
Yeah. In, I don't know, whatever, but still though,
I mean... It's better than nothing.
You might be able to program a chatroom out of that, or an MIRAC client.
we're gonna have to do olrds.com sound like a project you want to do Loki we
can just do a portable yeah sure why not all right that's the spirit I wonder if
like when screen works I know everyone's gonna say what are you gonna add more
stuff to olrps.com soon I didn't know people were still visiting that no I'm
kidding I actually actually it does still get quite a bit of traffic we have
fans that download the show on PSP you know what and you know I bless them for
sticking with us when we've been pretty harsh on Sony we've been giving them a
good lashing on this show and you know bless you guys for sticking with us and
realizing that we're just trying to see the big picture here. I've got Sony stuff, I've got two
PSPs myself. And then PlayStation and PlayStation 2. I actually have like three
PlayStations. I like my PlayStation 2. PlayStation 2. And my PlayStation 1. I have a stack of three old school
PlayStations. Dan and I tore up a KB Toys trying to find one of the last ones
that had the IO port in the back before they put out the new deal shocks. Alright
Enough Sony penis talk, let's talk about what other sites you can browse on your Nintendo
DS.
Of course, you will want to visit first Dark Sakura's website of the week.
So Dark Sakura, what website should the kids be looking at this week?
Well, this site was sent to me by one of the lovely listeners whose email I read.
kawainot.com k-a-w-a-i-i-n-o-t dot com kawaii for those who don't know any
Japanese at all means cute so it's cuteknot.com this site is messed up basically it's
called the comic for cute gone bad and just to describe some of this it's all
really adorable really cutesy stuff like the one the page someone right now has
necktie and smiling it's a four panel you know vertical comic it keeps going
down and then the very last thing has the caption I'm slowly strangling you
but my favorite one on here is actually the very very first one it has two
little puff balls meeting up the person goes I'm a cloud and then nothing in the
second panel and then their panel it says I'm a fart and the last panel is
the cloud one goes at this site it really follows some of the potty humor
but it's just so huh that yeah it earns website of the week great suggestion I
I love potty humor so good I'm going to leave this particular one in the chat
room good job good job all righty go potty humor where you won't find potty
humor 99 nights and speaking of 99 nights you don't need a hard drive to
play the game that was a boo-boo on the website staff at xbox.com fired
somebody's getting fired actually it's just saying that they support a hard
drive for game saves or a memory you know unit either way as long as you have
that good but it is optimized for the hard drive so that's good to know but
you don't need it so go out and buy the game when it comes out in August all
right well this may be a little bit of potty humor I don't know but everybody's
been wanting to check out what's under the Wii's flap you know there's that
little flap on the Wii and everybody wants to peek under the flap and see
what's there that's so hot all right well here's what's the latest internet
rumor actually not so much a rumor I think this has been confirmed now what
What is underneath that damn Wii flap?
There was a tip on Go Nintendo.
Working at the Nintendo booth this year at E3 after close on the last day, everyone was
involved in the tearing down and boxing up of everything that was to be sent back to
corporate.
Once the systems were removed from their plexiglass houses, they were all laying there awaiting
the box and proper packing materials.
I flipped a lid down to see the SD card slot and sync button.
When all the guessing as to what was under the flap was going on, I kept quiet because
I didn't want to spoil the fun. So, I guess that's what it is. It's the memory card slot
is there, as well as the, I thought I read somewhere that Reggie had confirmed that the
GameCube stuff was there too. No, the GameCube is on top. Or, side, however you have that.
It would be in, I guess, the picture where you're looking at the front, it would be on
top. And, the memory card slot, he said that was under there as well. And people were suspecting
there's another button under there, and the sync... OMG, another button! Oh no, sync button,
which, you know, no it's not the sync up to your Nintendo DS, it's to, you know, sync
up to your wireless controllers, just like the Xbox 360 has, so. I didn't even know there
was a sync button on the Xbox 360. How'd you set up, oh yeah, you have wired controllers.
Oh yeah, I have wired controllers, that's right, never mind. Yeah, you don't need to
sync up. Well, when you get wireless controllers one of these days... I don't want wireless
wireless controllers will get lost the couch will eat them I don't mind wired
controllers I really don't USB I can use them on the computer I'm just saying
that's what it is or so alright fine yeah but um you know I'm sure that
there's got some more secrets you know but uh you know we'll just have to wait
and see but speaking of stuff though that has been out before
Castlevania, apparently it's getting made into a movie by Paul W.S. Anderson.
He did Mortal Kombat, didn't he?
He did Resident Evil.
Didn't he also do Mortal Kombat? I'm almost positive he did.
Now, Castlevania, he's not gonna shoot until he's done with the Death Race 3000 Remake.
Or, Death Race 3000 Remake, which is actually Death Race 2000, but I guess it'll be called Death Race 3000.
Which I am so stoked to see that movie, because if you've ever watched Death Race 2000, it's
completely cheesy.
It has Sylvester Stallone in it, and it has David Carradine, who has a hand grenade.
That's his hand.
And there's lots of unnecessary nudity and violence.
It's basically a movie that would have inspired Carmageddon.
So just take it as that.
roll out old grannies into the street and they run through them with you, and kill people.
So that's why it's Death Race. Must watch the DVD. It's on PSP too. Anyways, um...
And it just has what to do with Castlevania? Oh, I just like Death Race. But he's gonna
make the game, and he says it's gonna basically be a, kind of a, I don't know if you'd say
a reinterpretation, but it's basically gonna cover the origins of the Belmont family and
Dracula and all that fun stuff and he's also going to do DOA
the
Horrible horrible movie. He didn't do that movie. Did he?
Yes, Anderson did apparently no
No, somebody else did that movie didn't he? I'm looking on
IMDB right now. You do you tell us the updates all tell Jeremy Bolt. I'm sorry. Thank you
okay, but uh
Yeah, I don't know it's it's
interest help I don't know
are the updates what's new and alive now it's coming out
well what incredible to make a sequel to it also
but the movie has even come out yet what if it flops
who cares I'm most happy about Resident Evil movie because I actually do like
Resident Evil Apocalypse
night and see it yeah they're this is basically
I'm bolt confirms that I'm
Or Bolt's head. I guess Bolt might be the company. I don't know. I'm stupid. Jeremy
Bolt. Anyways. Where's the lion? Who cares? It's coming out with a sequel to this movie
that's crap. Well, wait a minute. It's like Charlie's Angels 2. Look, you haven't seen
the movie yet. Crap. I saw it at the trailer. But the trailer did suck. I'll give you that.
I'm gonna answer this question because Loki can't frickin' do his research. Hey. Directed
by Corey Ewan. Does that say Anderson to you? No, it's Corey Ewan. Good job, Loki. So what?
Hooked on phonics, works for Loki. Doesn't matter. It's gonna suck anyways. Okay, I've
been directed by me and it still sucks. Actually, no, my movie has been awesome. It would have
been triple X and they're all being naked. Alright, I need some callers to call in and
berate Loki, so our Skype line is open over at www.orangeloungeradio.com. Click on interact
with us. I know there's not a whole lot of people listening live tonight, but if
you do want to call in, we want to give you... That our lives should star only porn
stars. It's also, you can call us 916-226-9067. However, please have mommy
or daddy's permission if you're not the one paying the phone bill. While we
wait for a phone call, I'd like to ask if there's any last-minute stories.
There's a story on the internet about how awesome I am.
Sure there is. Also how modest and... Oh look we have a call!
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this? This is DMN and Loki, I think the
idea of putting
porn stars in a Dead or Alive movie has to have been the worst idea I've ever
heard come out of your mouth.
Wait a minute, why? I wouldn't... I don't want porn stars
fucking up my fighting game. Your fighting game's already fucked up, have you seen
the trailer?
I'd stop playing after three
Because I don't want to get a 360. Oh, that's right. Okay, you're in you're like
You're the ultra ist of Nintendo fanboys though
This this is not true. Just because I work at Nintendo does not mean I'm a Nintendo fanboy
So you you in the next-gen Wars, which console are you gonna buy?
First, I'm buying a Wii just because I conveniently work at Nintendo.
Okay, but is there going to be a second?
If somebody puts a gun to my head, I will probably crack, excuse me, I will probably
break down and buy a 360.
No love for PS3?
No because I had a little light for him, but after what I was reading about Kazurai calling,
being the pot calling the kettle black, that's not happening anymore.
Okay.
What did you want to call in about tonight, besides berating Loki, which I appreciate?
I've seen the Wii.
You have seen Wii?
I have seen Wii and I have not seen it in my department, so I can talk about it.
They were doing a little retail tech demo of it at corporate.
It looked pretty cool.
I want to test it.
I'm really excited.
Let me ask you a vague question, if you don't want to answer that's fine.
Did you see anything that we didn't see at E3?
I only saw people playing it, I didn't get a chance to see any screens, but they looked
like they were genuinely enjoying using that software and the hardware.
Oh, these are real people, not actors, because you know...
These are real people.
Oh wow, okay.
Okay.
Well, you know, but a lot of people at E3 had a lot of fun with it.
I did, I had fun with Wii at E3.
I'm definitely buying one hell yeah oh yeah I am too
just for the price alone because I know it's gonna be under 250
there's no question alright anything else on your mind tonight
Mr. Diamin? happy birthday you suck for not staying in Seattle longer than two
hours
it's a layover give me a break
alright well thank you for the birthday wishes I appreciate it too bad I went
and got sunburned all over my scalp
on my birthday and now it's all gross and peeling and nasty so
I'll leave you with those happy thoughts, alright?
Alright, take care guys. Have a good one buddy. Bye.
Later. Any other last minute stories anyone would like to share?
Oh wait, never mind, we got another call. Wow, that was quick. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi. Hi. It's Ravenstaufen. Wow, you call every week and you manage to get through.
You've got the luck. Well, what's on your mind, Ravenstaufen?
I can't believe I missed this!
You missed what?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, well, we didn't really play up the fact that we were taping on Thursday this week.
You know, life goes on.
What did you think of the show you heard so far?
You can download the rest on Sunday like everyone else.
I guess I have two things a lot, Sky...
Oh, it's tough about that.
I just called in to say...
What was I supposed to call in to say?
Uh, Phoenix Wright Rules.
Okay.
What else?
The Xbox. Oh, do you have any problems with the Xbox hooking up to your PC?
Nope. No, mine worked fine.
What kind of problems are you having with the Xbox and the PC? Well, I just don't want to
do it.
Do you have Service Pack 2 installed
on your PC? Yeah, I got everything. I just don't want to do it.
It's been so long since I did it. I don't even remember what the process was.
what point in the process like are you trying to sink it on you like you
downloaded the program
on the PC right yeah just doesn't see your xbox at all
done see it was like hey nothing go to hell
weird are you guys on wireless network yeah wireless wired
do you have your xbox 360 hooked to a wireless
router of its own because it's not gonna pick up just
like it doesn't have Wi-Fi built inside it you have to have a separate
yeah yeah okay I have to figure that out okay maybe that's what's wrong
Oh, uh, I have one last thing to say.
Okay. I'm trying to buy a PS3, can't
can't say anything. Okay, well then why, what
what is making you deciding to buy a PS3? Because of the blu-ray, I want to see
how it works
because they're having problems. You're gonna spend $500, $600 on a console to see how it works.
Hey, I got, I got things, I have no time. Can't you just look at a demo or retail
Make a decision there. No, I must take this home and destroy it
See then you you don't sound like you just want you sound like a collector
You sound like one of the hardcore dorks that has to have it all like dark Sakura myself. Yeah, that's kind of it
That's why I still have my original gameboy in my gameboy color in my pocket. I have mostly there you go
I knew you were a nerd only nerds listen to this show, right?
Yeah, I guess all right any other thoughts Ravenstaufen only nerds who host the show
Oh, not much. I just wanted to say that I can't believe I missed it. That's all right
It's we'll be back. We're gonna pre tape next week's show on Saturday night because I have another I'm going back to LA
It's crazy. Just I have a crazy schedule and I
Appreciate dark soccer and Loki putting up with my crap schedule, but we'll be painting on Saturday next. All right
All right, so be here if they buy. All right. Bye. Bye
Bye.
I'll see if anyone else wants to get through.
We'll go for one more call.
Does anyone have a last minute story they want to do?
I have a couple last minute stories.
Okay, what?
Codemasters is working on trying to get a sensible,
the original Sensible Soccer that was on Amigo,
or Sensible World of Soccer, I'm sorry.
It was actually supposed to be an unlockable
in Sensible Soccer 2006.
They couldn't do it, so they're actually trying to,
there's talk about them putting a Sensible World of Soccer
on Xbox Live Arcade.
For our UK friends, by the way, hooray for new arcade games
We had a call coming in so I'm gonna interrupt you before the second story. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
It's Ron. No, who else would it be?
Now are you the one are you the one that gave up boners for Lant? No, that wasn't me. I was lucky. I know
That would never be Loki. No, it was explicit
All right, what's on your mind Rama do you wait a movie will rock because of one reason one reason only
I don't know it is it because that chick from Sin City's in it. Yes. I knew it. I knew it
I can read a straight guy's mind. I know exactly
What's your face? She doesn't get naked too fast too furious isn't it to his costume II is this isn't that the same chick?
I don't know. It's the same chick
But you did you say City? No, okay. I saw it awesome
I know Sin City was okay a little overrated by the dork culture. I think a little overrated
I don't think it was all that but if Angelina Jolie truly isn't the second one. That's pretty hot because I actually
Even though I hate tabloid news, and I have don't know what the fuck this has to do with gaming
As much as I hate tabloid news all that stuff. I actually really like Angelina Jolie
So well, she's supposed to be doing a pool made of three right now. So hey, okay
Well, I guess that is game related then. Thank you
Mm-hmm. So what else is on your mind besides making love to?
uh whatever her name is Devon Devon Aoki what else is on your mind to say
besides making sweet love to her the circuit city $8.96 massive fire sale oh
I heard about this didn't weren't they like selling Final Fantasy 4 did you
bring this up on Sunday's show I can't everything's a blur now where they
selling like Final Fantasy 4 for like 9 bucks you could turn around sell it at
Walmart for 18 that wasn't me that was uh several 1215 SSJ 100 Matt I can't do
it because I'm not crossing the bridge to Jersey to pull it off see somebody I
don't know if I'd read it on the forums or where the hell I'd read that but I
was like that's dirty that's dirty well what did you go to the sale did you pick
anything up yes I went Saturday morning I hit three different circuit city I got
the Legend of Zelda links of password pitfall bundled I got um dig dug digging
Strike I also picked up Final Fantasy 4, but it was $19.99 but supposed to be going down to $8.96 next week
So I'm going to get that price match. Wow, they have Dig Dug Strike. I kind of want that.
I still have it sealed if you want it. Really? I don't want it. Send me an email. I do. I love Dig Dug.
I I really been curious to check out the DS one. Why there's nothing else coming out this week
Maybe maybe when my trips die down though
I'm gonna check our local Circuit City and if they don't have it then I'll shoot you an email
Yeah, and I also picked up Dr. Mario Puzzle League.
Oh, how's that? Have you played any of those yet?
It's not that. I'm a puzzle fanatic, so I'm enjoying it. It's helped me kill time on the subway.
Is that the one that's combined with the Pokemon Puzzle League game?
Yeah, but it's Puzzle League since the Pokemon franchise is not on the game.
Oh. Well, you know, I like that. It was really Tetris Attack years ago. You remember that? The Yoshi Tetris Attack game?
Oh, yeah.
That's one of my favorite puzzlers, actually. I really like that game. Simple concept.
That reminds me, Tetris DS should have been called Tetris Classic NES Edition.
You know, Tetris DS, yeah, I mean, sure they hoard the NES stuff, but what's also interesting
about it is that there was so much more there than just Tetris.
I mean, that mode, I can't remember what it's called, but the Metroid one, with Metroid
in the background?
That was awesome!
That's like a different game altogether.
I'm playing through the game, I hear the remix from Gyro, I almost fell out of my seat, flipping
out how awesome that was, and I realize, damn, I'm old.
Nintendo knows how to milk their retro factor believe that right believe it anything else on your mind Rama
Next Sunday when the sales official I'm gonna hit those circuit city stores again for two more games if they don't have it
I'm bringing my papers. I'm going to Best Buy
Target all in just a price match and track the games down all right keep us posted on your bargain hunting process
Okay, all I will be all right. Have a good one Rama. Take care. I will stay away from those bonus on
finally 2007
Sweet room party, you know it. Yep. All right crazy kids. Have a good one. You too. Bye
Do you just say holla at the end?
Alright, that's all the calls for tonight kids. We're gonna start to wrap things up here with one more story
Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. You had your last minute thing. I'm sorry. Yeah, and you completely cut me off. My bad
Ron-chan is very well worth it. I have some news for our World of Warcraft players. Oh
Then this is something I might want to know. Uh-huh. The realm transfer went live
Five servers are supporting it right now is Altar of Storms, Argent Dawn, Demon's
Soul, Alidian, and Warsong. Others are going to be following soon. European
players should see it coming up not too far afterwards and again it is $25 to
move between servers. Just check out Blizzard's site on worldofwarcraft.com
Also, um, World of Warcraft Burning Crusade, the trailer is out, there is, uh, showing
off what the new accessory in the game is.
Flying mounts.
Ooh, there's going to be a lot of people excited about that.
The, uh, trailer is actually available on Eurogamer TV, if you go to, uh, Eurogamer.com,
I'm sorry, Eurogamer.net slash TV video, there should be a link up there to it, and I'm going
to be watching that shortly. Last up is Dance Factory. Basically it's trying to
I guess dethrone dancing stage in the UK with dancing stage being DDR.
It's this really crappy game that you can put it's made by Comaster. Yeah that's what I
put in a CD and it generates steps for you. It's a neat concept it really is a
neat concept however part of the part of the fun of DDR is you know the
interesting things that Konami likes to pass us into music so that's my last
minute news all right unless you're interested in playing diner dash on your
PSP actually I've played diner dash 2 on the computer don't ask me why I think
because Loki was playing it at e3 yeah I want to play that and I actually I
actually downloaded it how sad am I I actually have one more bit of news also
So for our YouTube listeners, Disgaea 2 is coming out in the UK.
Well I damn well hope so.
That has a huge cult following to it, so good to hear.
It looks pretty interesting at E3.
Alright.
So that's it, I promise.
Okay.
Dot com.
Excellent.
Anyways, we've got a last minute story here.
Silent Hill.
Of course, we know that the Japanese are really trying to promote the movie over there.
And what's kind of interesting is they're doing this brand new kind of like cafe, Akihabara's,
Made in Japan.
That's pretty much the whole electronic district.
Yeah, Made in Japan, and it's basically a cafe that's covered with Silent Hill posters,
which are just everywhere and like all sorts of memorabilia including white
nurse zombies in super short skirts serving red pyramid curry and tomato
juice that's awesome I look in one of the pictures on that site they had the
little pyramid head guy in the back did you post that in your life journal no
that was something else that was from the haunted house oh never mind okay
this is different sorry yeah this is something different they are pretty hot
nurses are pretty hot they don't look like zombies all right well if you're in
Japan check it out take pictures send them to us we can't go we're too poor
Japanese website it's my Dean it's an AI di n dot JP slash silent dot HTML hmm
it's a very interesting stuff basically it's just basically it has a picture of
the tomato juice and it has a picture of the pyramid head curry which looks very tasty
actually.
I don't know if you saw the movie it might not be so tasty.
And a huge ass picture of red pyramids sitting in the background that's pretty hot.
Alright well that was it I want to remind you guys there is no part B this week but
you know what part A is like an hour and a half well over that so you guys got a good
show this week thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting internet radio
We will be back next week with episode number 190 for those folks that like to listen live
Please keep in mind that's gonna be taped Saturday night at 7 p.m. Due to the fact I'm going on a work trip to LA
I just can't stop traveling this July
But then we'll be back on a regular Sunday slot the week after that. So in the meantime, have a great week
Enjoy your games. I think that's made in by the way write us some emails write us some voicemails. We'll see you next week
I didn't mean to cut you off. We haven't done our last thought.
I know. I'm getting to that.
Well, fine.
Well, fine then, DarkSakura. What's your final thought?
Bite my butt, Rob.
No. Reject false icons. Eat your red pyramid curry.
My final thought is, I hope you washed it.
Oh, baby, just for you.
Loki, your final thought?
I can't find this trademark and it's driving me nuts.
I know it's here.
The problem is it's really hard to search this stupid Japanese trademark database.
Alright, have a great week kids, we'll see you next week for more Orange Lounge Radio.
.
.
.
.
.
