Tonight, June 11th, 2006, Xbox gets updates and is the luminous release around the corner,
video game addicts get their own version of the Betty Ford clinic, and a game of solitaire
comes into play during the high-profile trial.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another week
of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are here to talk about all the news
that gamers really want to know about,
and we're here to help you through that.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to
the happiest bunny on the farm,
Miss Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Water, sandwich.
Actually, I think I might start referring to her
the queen of the internet.
I'm not the queen of the internet, I'm the goddess of the internet.
No, I'm sorry.
That's right.
Bow down.
Watch that ego there.
Alright.
What ego?
I'm just kidding.
It's only explosive.
Alright.
Over there, say hello to the other queen of the internet.
Loki!
I'm not a queen.
I know you're not.
Sorry.
That would be Rob, the queen of the internet.
Anyway, how you doing, Loki?
Tech master Loki.
I'm doing okay.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Do you want to start off the show by issuing any apologies this week?
No. You sure? Yeah. Because I know we got a
large sharpen emails this week. Oh because
Loki misstated, misrepresented some facts last week. Oh my god I made a mistake!
Oh my god they caught him! Oh! Big deal, you know.
I already sent emails to said people so
I have nothing more to say. You sure? I didn't notice the optical
audio out on, you know, every single cable that I own for the Xbox 360.
My bad. Big deal. That's it. That's the only mistake I made, though.
Ever. Ever.
I somehow doubt that, but we know that when Loki makes mistakes, the
Mac fans will be there to catch him. That's always good. Oh, it wasn't about Macs.
I know it wasn't about Macs, but they're the ones that are looking to
get you the best they can. Anyway,
I noticed that, well, there was a story this week, too, but
Anyway, let's start off the show as we always start off the show talking about our gaming
weeks.
Dark Sakura, start us off.
How was your gaming week?
Oh, Dark Sakura has a mouth full of sandwich.
Let's start with Loki then.
How was your gaming week?
I played a lot of Xbox Live Arcade stuff.
Been playing, what was it, Joel Quest for some reason because the achievements are easy.
And I don't know, the game was like really easy until like the last few levels then it
gets really frustrating.
It's really, they didn't really kind of, I don't know, balance out the difficulty over
the course of the game.
It should be getting, you know, increasingly harder as it goes along.
Not just easy, easy, easy, hard, you know.
So I didn't think they did that very well.
And it's really a crap shoot whether it's easy or not because, like, the level I just
played a few minutes ago, you know, I played about four times before and I couldn't pass
it because it was just impossible to get the blocks in the right positions.
you know I started up and boom it's super easy I finish it like in no time
luck plays a huge role exactly it's just it's stupid but whatever so I've been
playing that and I played a little bit of crystal quest as well and that was
meh got a couple achievements on that and ghost recon a little bit just trying
to co-op stuff which is weird because we finished the co-op missions but we
We didn't get an achievement for it, which is dumb, even though you're supposed to.
I don't know.
Maybe sign back on or something, because sometimes if the game doesn't pick up your achievement
right away when you sign back on it will give it to you.
That happened to me in Uno.
Like I was missing two achievements I should have had, and I just went back in the game
later and it gave them to me, just right off the bat pretty much.
It was weird.
Yeah, I don't know.
And then when I was playing some other game, I think it was like Neverending Warning or
something.
It's like some freeware PC game that someone made that's basically like these boss battles
one after another.
So Shadow of the Colossus?
No, not necessarily like Shadow of the Colossus, more like Ikaruga, but just really simplified.
It's just fun.
That sounds a lot like Neverending Story, which makes me think they should make a Neverending
Story video game.
ever make a never-ending story? Yes, they did. Wasn't they? It was awful. It was a PC
game for a never-ending story 2 and it doesn't count. Yeah, that doesn't count. No wonder
it was bad. Yeah, well that movie had the Flash in it. Oh, the guy who played the Flash
on TV. I know, but, you know, they need to make a game based off the original. I guess,
I mean. Isn't that considered retro hip now? Like, you know, everything that's 20 years
old should be retro cool i love the 80s they need to my my mistake i had the name wrong it's actually
um not never-ending uh warning it was um warning forever because you know it's got to be engrish
so warning forever is the name of that so if you happen to find that freeware out there uh it's
pretty fun it's small ass game but fun um played a little bit new super mario brothers but i'm
really sick of that game I mean really sick of it and I don't know I are you
supposed to be able to unlock some like mini games because I've played it
through most of the game so far and nothing's unlocked it's all the same
ones that used to be on the Mario 64 I hear you do unlock others but I haven't
played it quite enough but there are some hidden secrets like have you gotten
to the two completely hidden worlds four and seven yet oh yeah those are easy to
get to, and they're on the map, but you might miss them if you don't look for them.
I'm all the way through 7, I've played through, I've unlocked all those, but I haven't unlocked
any of the minigames, unless they're just multiplayer exclusive minigames that are brand
new to this, but I haven't seen anything new unlocked.
Well maybe some folks in chat room can help you out, which gives me a good opportunity
to introduce our chat room.
If you're listening live on Sunday night, head on over there, it's www.orangelaungeradio.com,
click on chat.
We do have some comments relating to this.
Ion671 seems to agree with you, new Super Mario Brothers gets old fast, says that person.
DJPooEater says, I remember the Willow game, because we were talking about 80s movies,
and the Willow game on NES was badass.
I loved that game.
That game was really awesome.
For its time, it was an incredible game.
And Sakurina says they need to make World of Oregon Trail first, which references I
think an old joke we had a year ago.
We need to be released to the Guardian Legend.
We do.
We do.
Who owns that?
Didn't we have this discussion a while back that somebody owns the rights to that that's
never going to make it a new version?
Because Broderbund went under.
It's all on Wikipedia.
Just go to Wikipedia.
All the answers are there.
That's what I remember.
I need to actually get an MSX.
And I play Blazing Angels multiplayer, which is fun.
Dog fighting during lunch.
The game, though, the only thing that's really disappointing about that game is that you
can't crash the planes into each other, which I think you should be able to do because they
have kamikaze planes in there, and that's what kamikaze planes do, is crash into things,
and the fact that you can't crash into another player, you know, on purpose, is kind of lame.
Alright, is that it for your gaming week?
That's it?
I guess I'll go, even though Dark Soccer is done with her sandwich, I'm cutting.
Let's see, my gaming week, it actually wasn't too exciting.
I've played some Burnout Revenge which I actually picked up like the week before
Fandame but I don't think I've talked about it on the show yet
because I didn't really play a whole lot of it until this week. I must say Burnout
Revenge on the 360
it looks really good although I don't know side by side by the Xbox games
which are also on widescreen it's not like
jaw-dropping incredible I mean it's good
but let's just say thankfully that game's not $60 and it's getting some
price cuts to a more reasonable amount so that's cool
I do think, though, that Burnout Revenge has a really well-done multiplayer mode.
I think multiplayer is a lot of fun to play.
The way it's set up and when you're crashing into people and doing the takedowns, it shows
you who your enemies are before the match and it's all like a movie, the way it presents
everything.
It gives you this running commentary on the top of the screen.
So-and-so has just crashed, so-and-so took down so-and-so.
It's neat the way it's all presented.
you hate though when you're playing the game and the camera switches and then you crash
into something when it switches back?
Because the camera switched?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a little bit annoying.
But you don't get that so much in multiplayer, because it can't really stop time as much
in multiplayer, because everybody's racing at the same time, so you don't really get
that.
Otherwise, pretty much more of the same.
I've also been playing new Super Mario Brothers DS.
I'm not quite sick of that yet.
By the way, somebody in chat room there says, Ion671 says the new Super Mario games are
So that's where you unlock those is there the multiplayer games lame
They actually the multiplayer games are a hell of a lot of fun in there. You got to play them at least what they're
For multiplayer DS games are a lot of fun. So yeah, try it at least once for you knock it
Otherwise, you know, I'm still on jury duty if you were listening to last week's show
I've been on a jury and I still can't talk about the trial guys. Sorry, maybe it's supposed to be done early next week
So maybe I can talk about it next Sunday
But meanwhile, during the downtime, I've been playing Final Fantasy I still. It's a good game to play at the courthouse.
It keeps me busy when there's a lot, a lot of downtime.
So, that's pretty much it. I did buy off the Xbox Live Arcade WIC Fable of Souls just because they haven't released anything on Xbox Live Arcade in forever, so I decided to buy something I didn't have yet.
And I like the concept. It seems kind of neat so far.
It's pretty lame, isn't it?
I don't know. I don't know. I didn't think it was as bad as you said it was in the beginning
It seems like I'll have fun with it for a little while, but it's definitely a you know five ten dollar title
I think it's ten dollars on the and I couldn't see paying much more for it
It's definitely the type of thing you you know like a flash game so but it's cute. It'll entertain me for a little while
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I
actually didn't really play much of anything this week you know I've had a
whole week where I've had the time off and I haven't really felt like playing
anything so I took a mini vacation from games this week except that I actually
moved a bunch of our game stuff around and we have a lot of game stuff at my
house oh yeah we almost got rid of a virtual boy why would you do that we're
gonna trade it for like help on a pinball machine we know we did get did I
say we got another pinball machine? We did. You've had some games this week. Well, yeah,
we got a Last Action Hero pinball machine, which actually has romantic significance for
me and Dan. Because when I used to work at GNC back in the day, but a big shock to me
working at GNC, when we used to take the deposit boxes right next to, at the time, a Godfather's
pizza and inside they had a last action hero and a snow brothers so we would
play lots and lots of broken last action hero and we play that machine like a
mofo so yeah I actually did play some judge dread pinball this week too it was
a pinball and Dan's getting our DS lights today oh that's right today
waiting for me when I totally forgot until I came into chat room this evening
and somebody was talking about it I forgot the DS lights had been released
today I was oh yeah I was gonna get one of those but I'm holding off this time
Nintendo is not gonna get my money and tell the new colors come out that I want
I actually want a white one do you yeah I'm in a way I'm gonna hold off for
something like maybe green purple hot pink we'll see it all depends what color
the Wii comes out initially because you know it's got a match yeah definitely
they're gonna have to match there's gonna be a white Wii which is probably
what we're gonna get a white Wii I wonder if they'll release like a combo
It sounds like something that would be done at Costco or Sam's Club, one of those stores where you could get a red Wii and a red DS Lite comboed together.
I know we have some stories coming up in the second half of the show that'll talk about functionality between the Wii and the DS, so it'll be kind of interesting to see if they start marketing the two systems together. So we'll see.
But, um, I did a little bit of, like, drawing. I did some Kingdom Hearts, actually, related
drawing over the week, but other than that, my week's been pretty bull.
I forgot that I played one more game. I played DDR this week. Yeah? I played... because we
went to Golf Land. We were going to go play miniature golf, but then we found out that
they're closing early because of, you know, the grad night thing. So, they wanted me to
play DDR where there's people playing the DDR machines except for Disney's Rave which
wasn't being played so I had to play Disney's Rave and I have no stamina anymore. Of course
I accidentally picked Twilight Zone on doubles which is a 10 and that's not fun especially
when you're out of shape. Yeah, how many more pounds do you weigh now than when you play
DDR religiously? Oh, I don't remember. But anyways, good escape. No, we went and played
Qs are instead though yeah I heard I heard extra for say you guys have gone
to Qs are good times beat the crap out of everyone like I normally do loser how
many games accuse our have you played in your life I don't even know I well over
a thousand right over 2,000 oh my god didn't you weren't you the one that had
bought a pack or was that somebody else no that wasn't me thinking about it but
I'm glad I did as I know who was now somebody that we used to socialize with
a golf line actually bought one of those like vests the packs that's that's
hardcore all right let's get into some gaming news tonight if you're all done
right dark soccer I am now all right wait sorry these well you said you
didn't really play much this week so I'm not going to lie oh no no no no I take
that back I played the Neo Geo pocket color oh yeah what did you play on that
We keep it in the bathroom.
Not the Busta Move 2 that most Americans know.
Neo Geo.
It's Puzzle Bobble.
Yeah.
Alright.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news.
And I guess I will go ahead and start us off tonight.
Why are they talking about Bob Dole in the chat room?
That's what I want to know.
I don't know.
The chat room gets so random sometimes.
Bob Dole is a cyborg.
They get so random sometimes.
Just let him be.
Anyway, Xbox 360 got some updates finally this week, as you guys may have noticed.
They released it on 6.6.6, which was a great day for Xbox 360 to get some new upgrades.
Basically when you power on your Xbox and connect to Xbox Live, you'll have to download
the update.
It doesn't take very long at all.
Now you can download up to six games, or I'm sorry, six movies, demos, whatever at a time.
They've kind of re-laid out the store a little bit so that you can find stuff quicker.
They have more categories and I think they have some better sorting.
I still think they need to reorganize the store completely, like the way it's presented,
but at least they made improvements to the setup they've got, so I guess I can't complain
too much.
One of the things I noticed right off the bat was custom soundtracks they made a whole
lot better, because I use custom soundtracks quite a bit in Uno, which has some really
god-awful music, and even in Burnout.
I don't want to listen to the punk rock they've got in there, I want to listen to my own synth
pop and stuff when I drive in Burnout.
I noticed there's not a lot of, it doesn't stop and go like it used to, and even when
you quit out of the game and go back to the dashboard, the music keeps going, it's seamless.
So they really did make some improvements to custom soundtracks, I was pretty impressed
with that.
And it sounds like they also made some upgrades to the DVD player.
I noticed Xbox Live Arcade games load a lot faster, because what it does is when it's
scanning your drive for arcade games, it only does that once, like it used to do it twice,
it would do it once on the main menu, and then when you went in to actually select a
game, you'd watch all your games fill in again, now it kind of bypasses that, so it's kind
of nice.
So you can get to your games a little faster, especially when you have like 17 games like
I do in the Xbox Live Arcade, it's kind of nice.
If you want to see the full list of upgrades, because there's a whole bunch, DVD player
and all that stuff, head on over to Xbox.com and it's in their recent news.
And I downloaded it and I put this thing to the test, not just with the custom soundtracks,
I downloaded three trailers all at once and it worked great.
I even made the mistake... I powered off my machine while one was downloading and then I
thought, oh crap, that probably was not a smart idea because you're not supposed to
turn your machines off while it's writing to the hard drive, but I just kind of forgot it was
going.
But I turned it back on and nothing was wrong. It picked right back up and started
going again.
I wouldn't recommend you guys do this because you might hurt something, but
it's nice to know that it's not gonna, you know, kill your Xbox to
turn off the power once or twice while it's downloading.
So those are the updates.
Loki, did you get a chance to check out the updates at all on your Xbox?
Well, I had the update anyways, but no.
I didn't really play with...
I don't really use custom soundtracks just because I haven't loaded anything on there yet.
And when it comes to burnout anyways, I just normally forward to today.
And then there's like 40-some tracks in there of all crap.
And so I wish you...
I think there is a way I just have to go in there and you can actually sort what plays when and stuff, but...
Well, if you use, what I do is I stream over the Wi-Fi.
That's how I get the custom soundtracks. I stream my MP3 collection from the
computer using the, you know, Media Connect thing,
and I stream that over the Wi-Fi. And it works great. You can set up
playlists in Winamp,
and Xbox 360 will read those. And so that's how you can, like, set up custom
playlists. You can shuffle those, do whatever you want.
So it's pretty cool. I really like custom soundtracks. It's a
nice feature because some games have really bad music.
But I'll tell you what, nothing rocks like playing Uno
to Journey Greatest Hits. That was awesome.
Anyway, DarkSagre, you have some more Xbox news for us?
I might! Well, please share. Of course I will. Guess what
is coming out on the Xbox 360? Street Fighter 2, eventually, I hope?
Tetris! Oh, well that's cool. Yep,
apparently THQ could get things settled and now we've got Tetris on the 360.
Yeah, there was a lawsuit last year
against the Tetris company, saying that they
had reached a contract about releasing the DS version.
So now we're getting it on the 360.
I think we already have it on the 360 in Japan. But not in
US and Europe. It's coming out actually both in the US and Europe. Why isn't it like
supposed to be coming out like, I mean I couldn't imagine that there's too much to
localize with Tetris.
But it's not so much a localization thing as a Nintendo has a Tetris game out
right now, so I think there's licensing, dispute-y things that have been going on
behind-the-scenes so but they released it first party yeah so they couldn't say
anything I just you know I hope it's good I haven't touched the Japanese
version I just I hope because the PlayStation Tetris so what was it
Tetris Plus or something like that the gelico did on the play state are they
even in business anymore I hope not because they ruined Tetris so horribly
on the PlayStation was awful that's pretty hard to do I know it's hard to
screw up Tetris but they the problem that they made is they they altered the
the most main of formulas to Tetris by having it be like this little guy that walked across
the top of the pieces that didn't want to hit the spot.
It was so stupid.
It was so, so stupid.
Alright, moving on, Loki, you have some more news on Xbox.
Yes, the creator of such wonderful games like Dead Rising and The Lost Planet, Keiji Inafune,
basically has come out saying, you know, the Xbox right now, they're up to about 60% of
the hardware features, they've got all the games, they're not using the 100% of the power
of the system yet.
Which, you know, I kind of figure anyways, because I mean, if they've already hit 100%
a year later that's pretty sad because I mean the games aren't that great right now. But
definitely you'll have to say that Lost Planet and Dead Rising look pretty next gen compared
to some of the other companies out there that are releasing some pretty crappy games, EA.
And I don't know, basically his comment was the more years you study a platform the better
you get. Some games you'll see in three to four years will be truly amazing. And pretty
much you can say the same thing about the PlayStation 3 but I mean that goes
with all game systems. I was gonna say it wasn't huge news because usually when
game systems first come out they aren't exactly reaching their full potential
well then you get lazy companies that just want to pork crap over you know
like EA not to say EA is the only one Activision but uh I don't know it's
pretty cool I just want to put out for the record I looked up Jellico on
Wikipedia and they are still in business, but their English website has like nothing
on it. It's just a picture in a placeholder, so I don't think they're making a lot, but
they're still around.
They're probably more of a developer now instead of publishing.
I mean, I hope they were. I'm going off memory, guys. I'm pretty sure they were the ones that
had made that, and see, now I need to look that up, too.
Well, I don't know.
Dead Rising looks awesome.
There it is, Tetris Plus. There it is, right there.
Dead Rising is gonna be
fuckin' great and
Lost Planet, I wish it was coming out sooner
but uh...
you know, it's supposed to be coming out I think January
and that should be amazing. The demo's really cool.
It's not really my kind of game, but I can see where people are really into
it. It looked pretty.
Yeah. I wish I could have seen more than just the snow level. The whole thing's
not snow, is it? The whole thing is snow. Is it really? Yeah.
I don't know. I'm not a big fan of the snow theme.
I like to see different different areas but whatever I guess it fits in with the
story. There was a parking garage
okay without snow in it
fine whatever. Also hitting Xbox Live there's a new Rumble Roses demo out if
you want to check out Rumble Roses there's a
or I should say Rumble Roses double X is a demo is now up on Xbox Live as well as
brand new maps for perfect dark zero
these were things that
they were supposed to come out sooner there was even an announcement that went
out that they'd gone out
but then they got pulled up they're now out
there on xbox live marketplace they're out there now it's a plaza trench
rooftops and gas plant
for five hundred points about 625
if that interests you check that out on xbox live uh... perfect dark zero
just couldn't really get into that game either i don't know just
all the maps in the world won't make that a better game it's kinda one of
those games i'll go back to
maybe in a few months and try it again see if maybe I can kinda get it
but as far as first person shooters go I play so few of them anyway I mean Halo
is cool you know
Quake 3 but not Quake 4
but I don't know I just wasn't feeling perfect dark zero. We're in the age now
okay it's like you know 2006 we're approaching 2007
and yet companies can't grasp jump technology
the ability to jump in games is very important because we have feet
they do other things other than walk and run they can jump
and uh... maybe that should have been in perfect dark
uh... loki you have some more news about xbox live yeah uh... basically
there's a whole bunch of releases that were supposedly linked or leaked out
there from a magazine
uh... one of those of course uh... being street fire two which is supposed to be
coming out
uh... in july we hope i don't believe it anymore do i thought was june
June, July. I don't believe it anymore anyway. Forget it, it doesn't matter.
There's been so many release dates for that game,
it'll be out whenever they're ready. Yeah, exactly. I'm sick of speculating that date.
But then again, this is from a magazine and
if we've come to learn anything from magazines, they're printed way the hell
in advance and
obviously they don't know when they run into problems like lag online.
But anyways, it's supposed to be released at some point for 400 Microsoft points, which
is about $5.
Very interesting though because that's pretty cheap.
Some of the other ones that they've mentioned also, Luminous Live, which would release supposedly
sometime in August or September for 1,200 points, which is about $15.
That's quite expensive actually for a live game.
Yeah, but it's luminous.
True.
I'm okay with it.
I think it's because of the licensed music in it also, that might be a big thing, licensed
music, licensed videos.
Wait until the game really comes out and see how much of that licensed music actually comes
with the game, because I'll bet you anything it'll be 200, 300, 100 points to download
Madonna, you know, whatever else they're planning on putting in there from other artists.
Those high name artists will probably cost a little money.
If there's profit to be made, Luminous will cost you even more money.
But you know, the game on the PSP costs $19.99, so you know, but of course on that one you
have the perk of, you have it on the go.
Some of the other ones that were confirmed though, and this is actually confirmed with
Namco, Pac-Man is going to be out sometime in August or September for 400 Microsoft points
or 5 bucks.
Also supposedly coming around the same time I believe was Frogger, supposed to be coming
out from Konami, also about the same price. And there's another Namco game too, I can't
remember. Was it Pac-Man or Galaxian? Galaxian was the other one, yeah. And then of course
some other ones that they mentioned. The Cameo hardcore package featuring more difficult
versions of the single player campaign and co-op campaigns, more skins and new leaderboards,
plus some more co-op competitive elements. That's supposed to be coming out in July
for 500 Microsoft points, or 625. Cloning Clyde, also in July for 800 Microsoft points,
or 10 bucks. And RoboBlitz, sometime in August or September for 800 Microsoft points, or
10 bucks.
Alright.
Well, they need some games to come out in June, because there's only one Xbox 360...
Oh, two now, because one moved to June again.
What's that?
Over-G fighters.
Over-G fighters and MotoGP2006 are the only ones coming out
in June right now.
Comments from our chat room over at orangelauntrady.com.
Click on Chat.
Funny Dale says, if anything, Microsoft should give us 625
for making us play Perfect Dark.
DMN says, Skyrare refuses to use jump features in their
first-person shooters.
Interesting.
I wonder where that comes from.
All right, anyway, going over to DarkSakura,
who has some more news for us.
This one also relating to Xbox.
Yeah, there's a rumor out from an introversion
that Darwinia is going to be available on Xbox Live Arcade.
Really, some of the support for this
is that basically there's other versions of Darwinia out.
they said there's been talk actually from
Microsoft I think that they've been really wanting to use it
and there's been a lot of just
talk going around that says it's really gonna happen so see
I've heard a lot of good about Darwinia yeah it's a really popular indie title
and I know we've gotten emails on it even before and I've heard
discussion about the game on other shows so some of our listeners overseas
yeah and I'll be really cool for if that does hit Xbox Live you know that's huge
exposure for it
and it's a good marriage you know Xbox Live Arcade is supposed to be
set up to help out you know the indie developers so
hope it works out for them and give it some easy achievements for the
achievement points, Horace.
For those that like to do things to their Xbox 360s that could void the
warranty
yes there's some news yes of course mod chips coming out
finally this website devil 360
.com actually they were trying to release it on 666 but
weren't done in time, because they're actually trying to improve it right now to try to protect
it from any type of updates, make it programmable via PC, and able to boot unsigned code.
It will allow you to swap the hard drive with a larger drive using a special interface between
the 360 and the hard drive, and a lot more.
So basically they're saying that it's going to be due out probably sometime by the end
this year, but they're still working on it right now. But it's coming soon. Coming soon.
Won't Microsoft just put out a patch? It might be something that they might not be able to
patch because they may be able to, you know, I mean if you think about it, okay, Xbox,
the original Xbox, you know, they've got mod chips on those and stuff. I don't know. I'm
I'm sure they'll try to figure out a way, but then again, you know, it's a battle back
and forth.
So, we'll see.
Alright.
Going back to the chatroom, orangeontrader.com, click on chat.
We have some comments on Darwinia from our good buddy Bobby Blackwolf from All Games.
He says, I don't think Darwinia can work on an Xbox 360 controller.
I love Darwinia, but it needs a mouse and keyboard.
Well, don't forget, you can hook in a keyboard in your Xbox 360, kind of like Final Fantasy
11 on the Xbox 360.
You can play it with a controller, but I really wouldn't recommend it.
You can use the controller if you have really good macros set up.
But even to put in the macros, you really need a keyboard to do all that, and to chat
with people.
I mean, if you ever want to chat.
I mean, you can get away with most of the basic elements using good macros with a controller,
but you really need a keyboard for that game.
By the way, DarkSakura, in the, you know, because you always like to call me addict,
when I talk about Final Fantasy XI, I've not played all week.
I'm so proud!
In fact...
I actually haven't played any Ragnarok.
In fact, here's the thing, um, don't tell Miklotov, because I don't think he listens
to the show anyway, but I'm going to be in big trouble, I sign back up for World of Warcraft.
Just shaking my hand.
You can play with me now because I'm still noob level.
I joined some server extra for Zaun, something about get the characters to level 19 and do
nothing but battlegrounds is what they're wanting to do him and some other
friends are with me to also I'll do one that's you know all the way to level 60
if I if I stick with the game that long what's your real scarlet crusade for my
Alliance and bronze beard for my horde we'll see I'm on that elder thallus is
the one I'm working with the level 19 on I might I might make one on there my
characters are still you know new level we'll see all right moving on what gonna
to go to the Nintendo Wii. Best Buy has listed Nintendo Wii games for pre-order.
And actually I'm checking the link right now to see if they're actually still up.
Yes, sure enough they are. It shows Red Steel, Super Mario Galaxy, and Super
Smash Brothers Brawl all coming out December 1st, 2006. And if you believe
those release dates, you're an idiot. Obviously those release dates are
just in the system to try and get pre-orders moving, you know, amongst some
of those really hotly talked about games such as Mario Galaxy and Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
I really don't know why this is news, but just for those people that think these are
actual release dates and this points to, oh the Wii is coming out December 1st, no.
The Wii will be out before the day after Thanksgiving.
So I should say the Wii will be out before Thanksgiving, it has to be.
And if you've been listening to this show for the past few weeks, we're even convinced
it's mid-October, you know, whether we're right or wrong, whatever, we'll see.
it has to be out before Thanksgiving.
Yeah, it's probably going to be out before the...
Definitely going to be out before the PS3.
Well, that's right. One of the Nintendo bigwigs said that before, right?
I would think it's definitely because, well,
when you think of console systems and stuff,
which one's hardware is pretty much done?
Okay, that's a...
I'd be surprised if the PS3 launches
on the date that they said it will.
I wouldn't be surprised if it doesn't launch until next year.
Not to say you know they
they can't pull it off and it could be a really great system with lots of cool
games
but they're gonna be working some massive overtime over it. But they're gonna seriously need
like the help of some leprechauns you know to make this thing happen.
We'll see, we'll see. You know what, don't count Sony out yet so what if they
kinda lost E3 so to speak you know they could come back and Sony fanboys
I know that in the back of their mind. I think the best interest of Sony right now is to
get all of their upper, you know, people
to stop saying stupid shit. That's what they need to do. Actually,
maybe Sony could benefit from a gag order.
Like, kinda like Nintendo has, kinda, sorta. Nintendo doesn't really, but Nintendo
they don't let out a lot of secrets. Or when they do let out secrets,
it's very carefully timed
the way they do it. So, I don't know. Alright, anyway.
because Nintendo hires smart people yeah anyway moving on to some release dates
that we do know about
dark soccer you like to travel the globe and tell our buddies in Europe
what they have to look forward to and some well not very exciting things
unless you're a PC gamer I guess
Copa Inata is coming out on PC ship simulator 2006
is coming out on the 15th the first game was out on the 13th
and then coming up on the 16th is Glory of the Roman Empire
also in the 16th for DS we have Miss Spider Harvest Time Hoppin Fly
and Lord of the Rings the Battle for Middle Earth 2 on
Xbox 360 on the 16th
moving over stateside, Loki you know any
good releases for the US coming up there's actually some pretty cool stuff
and one of them I'm definitely getting this week
point-blank for the DS is coming out finally
On the Game Boy Advance, if you're a fan of the Mega Man Battle Network games, Mega Man
Battle Network 6, Falzar and Gregar are going to be both coming out.
Also coming out on PC we've got Darwinia, Ultimate Quake, Rush for Berlin, Rise and
Fall of Civilizations at War, Deep Sea Tycoon, a bunch of other miscellaneous stuff.
Also on Playstation 2, of course, Armored Core Last Raven, Street Fighter Alpha Anthology,
and Urban Chaos Riot Response, which is also coming out on Xbox.
And then for the PSP, you've got the Metal Gear Solid digital graphic novel, which is
coming out in 360, MotoGP 2006.
Alright, moving on, we were talking about the Playstation 3 a little bit ago, and of
course one game a lot of folks are looking forward to on the Playstation 3 is Metal Gear
Solid 4, and there was some new details about Metal Gear Solid 4 announced in a very recent
interview.
Hideo Kojima said that there's a new camo suit that Snake's going to have.
It's the Octocam, and what this will do is it will change shape and color to match the
surroundings that Snake has.
These chameleon effects are going to happen automatically whenever Snake is resting.
So it sounds kind of interesting.
It could be a graphically impressive sort of event, so we'll see.
So Kojima's dropping little hints left and right about Metal Gear Solid 4, just enough
to remind the fans it's coming out and they better be supporting Playstation 3 like it
or not.
Loki here's another game that as the release date gets pushed back and pushed back it's
harder and harder to support but the fans love it.
Okay basically Take 2 has said that Duke Nukem Forever will be out by December 31st.
That's a bold statement. You mean it this time? Do you really mean it this time?
Well, they've got an incentive now. As it was, they're not giving the full funding for the game.
I believe originally it was $6 million. Now they're down to $4.25 million.
And there's a $500,000 incentive assuming that 3D Realms actually finishes the game on time.
on time, wow, on time would have been like 10 years ago
so supposedly
the PC version will be out by the end of the year
that's mighty breath to hold right there
this game better kick ass seriously
with all this anticipation and all this waiting that's gone to do it
this game better kick some ass so we can all you know eat our words we've been
bashing all these delays it better be worth it
this game will have to be better than sex
this game will have to do my laundry seriously so
whether or not it'll come out I don't think anyone cares at this point
now I I don't know you know what Duke Nukem 3D
lot of love for that game even even what 10 years later after the game was
released
still a lot of love for that game there's there's people out there that'll
support it
put it on the goddamn Xbox Live Arcade what Duke Nukem 3D?
Hell yeah. That would actually be pretty sweet. Do you think realistically that would ever happen?
No. But it could. I mean the game's small enough
and well I would imagine that the Xbox 360 would have the power to
I don't know play that game so
I think it could be cool. They should have done the same thing with Quake 2 instead of
releasing it with
Quake 4. I think that could have been pretty cool.
let's see in reference to a topic we were talking about earlier Jeremy Todd
one says Duke Nukem is the never-starting story
get it because we had never-ending story around get it?
and now everybody's talking about
vaporware so to speak fireboma says hey guys let's go play on our phantoms
actually phantoms are coming out well yeah but so is Duke Nukem forever
yeah but I'm saying that they've I mean even though they kept pushing back the date
they actually did have a date
set for release. Okay and yeah sure they'll hit that you know well we'll see
maybe they will and we can all...
I say at the end of the year it goes and it hasn't released at that point I'll consider it vaporware.
Alright. Like I'm actually gonna
care about getting one but you know. Quicksilver over in our chat room is
saying I want Mortal Kombat on Xbox Live Arcade.
They are coming out with Mortal Kombat 3 or it's either
Mortal Kombat 3 or Ultimate Mortal Kombat or one of those.
Why can't they put out the only good one they had, which was Mortal Kombat 2?
I... I don't know. Maybe because, well, see...
Mortal Kombat 3 was like when the series started to go crappy.
Mortal Kombat 2 is available on the, you know, Midway packs or whatever, but then
again, so is Mortal Kombat 3, but I don't think,
I could be wrong, but I don't think Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 was available in
those, like,
Midway treasures or whatever it was called, and plus you can play them online
either, which is a huge
perk to being able to play its base all it is is that you know cuz Street
Fighters coming out Mortal Kombat has to come out it's
it's the one of the greatest video game competitions ever Street Fighter vs
Mortal Kombat
you know we need is a new killer instinct good luck
I know that would make me so happy. That would make me happy too. I was a Killer Instinct fangirl.
good luck yeah they take up jump feature in that one too
shush alright we're gonna
go over to our mailbag over at mailbag.orangelauntrader.com is our email address and Dark Soccer likes
to dig through the mailbag. She's going to put on her hazmat suit and pull out some emails
and share them with us so we can taunt your emails live on air. No, just kidding. We love
getting mail of all types. Even the hate mail we got this week, thanks to Loki's uninformed
statement on Xbox sound support last week. Good job, Loki.
Yeah, whatever.
All right. Dark Soccer, what's in the mailbag?
The first one comes from Kurt, one of our listeners.
He's like, hey, I was wondering if you guys could fill me in on the rules that Sony may
have regarding how many PS3s each person will be allowed to buy, or is there only one per
household allowed?
Will people be selling the PS3 on eBay for megabucks like the PS2 and the Xbox 360?
I'm sure.
Yeah, I'm sure they will.
I'm sure they'll be selling as many as they can possibly sell.
I don't think Sony sets those limits though, right?
Does it?
Retailers?
The retailers, how many they can sell to make sure that they fit all the orders.
Yeah, retailers will be setting those limits, and most retailers, if the PS3 is a hot commodity,
will have the one limit.
And probably at launch, Sony's, I think Sony's still gonna pull out an Ace somehow, they're
gonna make this work somehow and have at least one title out there that the fanboys are gonna
have to have.
I still say if you're gonna buy one, pre-order it.
Get down a reserve on it.
That is the smart way to do it.
And like all of you people who tried to go in and buy your Xbox 360 on launch day, haha!
count on E3's bust, you know, for Sony, essentially, to be meaning that, you know, they're gonna
be easy to get.
The stores are only gonna get limited quantities, if you don't pre-order it, I doubt you're
gonna get one on launch day.
Well it doesn't matter anyways, cause you're not gonna get one on launch day even if you
do pre-order it.
I mean, remember the 360, people were getting them in March?
Yeah, but they're supposed to be altering- The people who pre-ordered theirs first got
theirs first.
They're supposed to be altering that, so it doesn't happen this time either, you're supposed
to only be- you can't pre-order them right now.
If last year you could have pre-ordered a 360 right now, you know, at this time last
year, but they're not doing that with the PlayStation 3 because they learned their lesson.
At least the big, big retailers, GameStop and EB Games, as far as games go.
All right, more mail.
Another of our listeners asked if we know of any upcoming DDR games for PS2.
DDR Supernova.
Supernova.
Yep.
And that's pretty much the only one here in the States.
I'm sure UK is getting Dancing Stage Supernova as well.
DDR Supernova, there's actually a little in-depth look on our website and I think it's still
on the front page.
I don't think it's rolled off yet over at www.orangetonshooter.com and there's video
of it in motion and everything.
That was from John, by the way.
Yes.
Thank you, John.
But yeah, that's pretty much all there is to look forward to as far as DDR goes on Supernova.
So far for the past, what, five years now, Konami's been putting out pretty regularly
a new DDR game every year on Sony's platform, so you can count on probably another one next
year as well, unless for some unknown reason, Supernova doesn't sell, but I really don't
see that happening.
I think it'll sell just as well as the other games, if not better.
Next one up is JVMon, who I am very, very proud of, writing a letter to the senator.
Oh yes, I remember talking about that on a previous episode.
And basically, just in closing, said, so any help and input would be greatly appreciated,
and I love OLR, Sky and Dark Stalker,
you inspired me to write my senator.
Oh yeah, and Loki is awesome.
But yeah, I'm not gonna go into it
because it's fairly long already,
but the arguments are basically what we've been talking about
about the parent's responsibility
to decide what their children do.
Yeah, and we don't want to put the pen to the paper for you.
I would say the only suggestions we really have
is just be professional,
and make sure you sound professional, and you're not.
And research your points.
Yeah, best you can, I mean if you've been listening to, you read enough video game websites
especially things like game politics that really have their eye on these types of things
and listen to enough shows, you probably are well educated on the subjects.
Just write maturely.
If you're trying to, I say if you're trying to refute an argument though, have facts to
back up while you're refuting it and what's gonna, that's what I meant, have the facts
there to support your argument.
Yeah, please don't write your senator a letter that says, dear senator, I am a registered
voter fuck you you fucking fuck don't do that because that's just gonna get
thrown away and you'll probably laugh at you yeah so you need to write something
mature so we got an email from I'm going to hopefully pronounce this right to set
a prairie I guess it's also I think in our chat room right now hi um but
So basically asking, you know, what would be better to get, a MacBook or a Windows desktop.
And uh...
Is he just trying to start an argument on this show?
Yeah.
This is very, very serious.
And basically, and I actually responded back with my opinion on it, um, I say it all depends
on what you're going for.
If you want something that's going to be a good work-oriented computer, something that
can run your programs well on, something you can do graphics in well, something that you
can write on well, something that you can basically use as a work system, Mac is the
way to go. Something that's going to be on a more professional level. If you want something
that you can play games on and just futz around on the internet with, PC is the way to go.
My advice, try before you buy. Any computer store, you know, if you're going to make a
major purchase like that, any major computer store is going to have the computers out there
on the show floor, especially like the Apple store, you know, they encourage people to
be playing on their Macs, and any type of big retailer for PCs, Best Buy, Fry's, whatever,
they have laptops out on the floor.
Try before you buy.
Take all the time you need.
Don't rush to the decision.
I'll see you at Bar Mitzvah on Saturday, so.
Mazel tov.
Mazel tov.
All right.
So I just thought that would, you would go ahead and give you our public yay.
All right.
Congratulations.
Yep.
Jeremy Todd writes in, just to read the letter, I just want to thank you for giving me something
to listen to during work to help make the hours go by faster, my job is a pretty boring
job at times, we won't tell your boss, and having something to listen to really helps
a lot.
I have been downloading a few older episodes of OLR and listening to them while I'm at
work.
So thank you for providing such a good podcast to listen to in desperate times.
You're welcome.
We do this show for fun and we always get a kick out of the fact that people listen
to this and provide feedback and all that stuff, so it really keeps us motivated.
So thank you.
I also got an email from Tony, and I haven't had a chance to watch the file yet, so I'm
just going to read the email.
It says, I just watched a rerun of the Colbert Report on Comedy Central for June 8th.
I know you don't watch a lot of TV, so I'll forgive you for that, it's actually the Colbert
Report.
Colbert, okay, I don't watch TV.
I know you don't watch TV, but.
Steven's guest explains how video games are actually helping this generation of kids and
implies that GTA might contribute to this nation's decrease in carjackings in teen pregnancies.
It's all done, the show is a parody, essentially, of shows like The O'Reilly Factor, and so
it's all very tongue-in-cheek when they do that stuff.
It's still a point, though.
Yeah, I could see how, like, maybe World of Warcraft would lead to the decline of, you
know, pregnancy because they're too busy playing the video game in order to, I don't know,
have sex.
It's like, well, we could have sex right now, but, ugh, we got an instance in two minutes.
Video game!
God!
But also, um, there's an interview with, uh, Steven Johnson, he says it's currently on
the front page but you may have to do a search on it if it gets bumped to the
video archives later sex or an instance sex or an instance any time an instance
is in like two minutes I don't know it depends on you sometimes sex is an
instance but hey all right that's it all right if you want to send us emails
please do a mailbag at orange lounge radio comm Loki speaking of MMOs and
sex and instances. What a good follow-up. You've got a story for us.
Yes, lots of gamers are finding love online in fake virtual worlds like World of Warcraft
and whatnot. Anyways, a survey conducted by Stanford University's Nick Ye, a PhD student
there, found that 29% of women and 8% of men have gone on dates with people that they've
met in the games. And he attributes that phenomenon to the trust building exercises of working
in team scenarios. How one player acts during an in-game raid may reveal traits relative
to the avatar's personality through situations that are less common in the real world. So
say for example we would take Leroy Jenkins. He might rush into things a little bit too
quickly might not be a good mate but I don't know but anyways it was
interesting to mention you know one guy was you know set up for two weddings one
in real life and one in game. NERD! Hey, hey, hey, hey. You know I met my husband online. You know
through our geekdom. No I realized in this day and age that we live in the
internet is the place you know is a place that we can meet people like
remember back in the day like maybe if you have an older brother sister they
talked about like party lines that you could call into on the phone that's what
chat rooms are it's party lines basically people you know it's just a
new way to do I don't know ever sex is like phone sex to you but when you throw
those ones that you get from real life when you throw the MMO into it it does
get a little weird I mean you know because people are like role-playing
playing elves and dwarves and all that so well you're a hot elephant I came but
now you're a fat cow so I don't know this kind of mixes things up a bit but
at the same time you know I'm not gonna knock two people falling in love if it's
genuine you know what loves a great thing doesn't matter how it happened
whatever I actually I had dance high school photo to go on when we first met
and keep in mind I was 22 when I moved out here you guys that long ago
But, um, you know, but we, I, I, I thought it was great because we actually got to know
each other as people without having, you know, the whole, you know, visual thing that everybody
else has to deal with.
We actually, you know, we talked on the phone, we, we got to know each other as people and
then that only, I think, made things a lot better for us, you know, when, you know, when
we actually did get together.
you know now we're very happily married and have pinball machines and a cat I do
think it is important though to make sure that the person that you're talking
to is not looking like a yeti I mean that is very important I don't think it
matters what the other person looks like as long as their heart is good and you
love them for them yeah yeti people need love to Loki come on it doesn't mean you
have to love them but you know you know somebody might have a yeti fetish you
don't know. Well there are furry fetishes out there. I think it's really sad though
just how much people base their whole relationship on oh well this person's
hot or oh well this person is this you know aesthetically instead of actually
putting the importance on who they are on the inside and so I think that I
honestly think that you open yourself up for a lot of risk however if you do
happen to hit pay dirt then you're gonna get someone who I think is a bit you
know I think that you have a chance of getting a more genuine person and when
you do find somebody all right yeah well you know I thought if I'm looking for
you know a good running car or whatever I don't want one that's like all beat up
on the outside actually um I just got it I am from somebody who was said that two
of her friends met on World of Warcraft and got married three months ago Wow
Well, I didn't mean it like that. But wow, okay. Well, you know what I
Like I said, you know, it might be weird to me
But love is a crazy thing and you know
I'm not gonna argue if two people are in love as long as they're not being stupid about it, you know
Who cares how they met, you know?
Let them do whatever they want. They want to roleplay Torrance and orcs in the bedroom. Have fun. Do your thing
Just you know don't don't put it on the end. Don't put it on YouTube
I don't want to see it
But still I think that you need people who meet through online methods whether it be an MMO whether it be
You know do a chat through a message board if it works for you more power to you fishing core bar
You know what picking up people to bar is pretty scummy
No, not always not always, but you know what a lot of times. It can be bars are pretty sleazy sometimes
I mean you know what?
meet people at church that's the only clean place
that's not a clean place church going people
no alright let's see
Bob in our chat room says well what about those balloon fetish people pop a
balloon and they'll be all over you
I have a feeling someone missed the point there that's alright
dirty thief said someone's gonna bang a chocobo
and in reference to you know doing the MMOs
sex in the MMOs boy you kids have a lot of free time
moving on if you do play too many video games
you might need to take a trip to the Netherlands because they have set up an
addiction center
it's the first detox clinic for video game addicts
video games may look innocent but they can be just as addictive as gambling or
drugs and just as hard to kick
says Keith Bakker, director of Amsterdam-based
Smith and Jones Addiction Consultants. He's already
treated 20 video game addicts aged 13 to 30.
Some of them will show withdrawal systems, shaking, sweating,
whatever. His detox program begins in July.
It runs four to eight weeks and has therapy sessions,
wilderness excursions, healthy lifestyle workshops, and possibly
medication. Let's see, another quote here from
We have kids who do not know how to communicate with people face-to-face because they have
spent the last three years talking to somebody in Korea through a computer.
Their social network has completely disappeared.
Hey, they cannot be blaming this on Korea.
It is not the Koreans fault.
Let us see if we can have a testimony here from one of the folks here.
Let us see.
We have Heik van der Heijen who is 28 and a graduate of the Amsterdam side of this.
He started playing video games when he was 8, and by the time he was in college he was
gaming 14 hours a day and using drugs to play longer.
That's a whole other problem.
That's not a gaming problem.
That's a whole other problem.
That's called obsessive compulsive disorder.
Does that count as cheating on live, you know?
Getting coked up before playing, I think it might be.
Like if I'm on speed, I have that advantage over the...
Can I say the quote please?
Here's the quote from the kid.
For me, one joint would never be enough, or five minutes of gaming would never be enough.
He said, I would just keep going until I crashed out.
Okay, so when I first read about this story, I was kind of laughing at it, because my thought
went to, you know, I've been downtown all week at the courthouse during the jury duty,
and one of the things I walk by is a, I don't want to knock religious, I'm not going to
name what religion it is, but you go by a very religious type of, like a store type
and they have in the window, do you have a gaming addiction problem?
It's listed in the list and it's like, are you addicted to sex, violence, gaming?
And I was kind of like, oh boy, you know, I just kind of roll my eyes at it and keep
on walking, but you know, these guys that I'm reading about in this story, they really
do have problems and do need some type of intervention.
So maybe this isn't such a bad idea as it seems.
I think the media is just kind of putting a spin on this story, where you know, it's
about you know it's gaming they're just they're obsessed with gaming and gaming
is the problem no these guys obviously have a lot of other problems something
underline aiming just contributes to when you start reading these tests I
mean if he was doing drugs too that's a whole nother problem he was getting
saving just wouldn't have any of these problems so the moral of the story kids
you know what it was one of the treatments here wilderness excursions
it's very easy you can go on your own wilderness excursion here's what you do
after you've played the game like if you've played the game for more than
like four hours the day it's time to go outside for an hour walk around breathe
in some fresh air take a wilderness excursion and don't let this become you
I don't know wilderness excursions are good idea how do you think LARP's came
around I mean do we really need more of that oh my gosh it's the same as like
going to reenactments is it reenactments actually have historical
significant oh snap and ridiculous three an act of civil war but this time the
south one again I'm not one to knock what somebody else is into but I did go
to a ren fair once and kind of roll my eyes at it I'm sorry it just wasn't for
me but I'm not gonna there is fun I'm not gonna knock people at you whatever
you know do you know about getting your pine of ale and ready for adding up the
Maybe the Ren Faire I went to just sucked.
Ren Faire is just like an old fashioned Hooters.
Lots of boobs, lots of chicken, I mean that's basically what it is.
So there's nothing wrong with a Ren Faire.
Plus you get to see people fight with swords, and that's kind of cool.
That's the only thing missing from Hooters is sword fighting.
Sometimes I wonder why we have you on the show, Loki, and then you say little gems like
that to remind me.
Let's go to another story now, actually I'm curious what the chat room has to say in feedback
to the detox story here, let's see, Raven's Dolphin says they need an OLR clinic, I am
addicted, well that's lovely, but just remember you can put Orange Lawn's Radio on your iPod
or whatever mp3 player you have and you can go outside and take a walk and listen to Orange
Lawn's Radio if you wanted to.
Alright, Loki, you have another story for us.
Yes, it's about the Federal Trade Commission and their never-ending quest to waste my tax
money. Basically they've investigated the hot coffee problem and they found out that
apparently Take-Two didn't fully reveal the content of the PC versions to the SRB.
So what are they doing? Well, they're saying, better not do it again or else we'll fine
new yay and they're gonna find them supposedly a civil fine up to $11,000 per violation of course
what the violation may be or if it's per title or per copy sold oh none of that was ever said so
i wish i knew more about what take two kind of defended themselves with in this
a machete i would have been like listen bitch we didn't fucking put it in the game some person
hacked in there are you that god damn dumb that you can't see this
they're like no big game sack it was on the disc Loki though
it was on the disc just to be a devil's advocate and it was not accessible by
normal means
it was lazy again I go back to it was lazy programming
I don't even think it was so much lazy it happens in games all the time they they
meant that they took out the pointer and somebody put it back in with a hack code
it's so dumb it's so dumb that you have to do other stuff
in addition to it so it's it's ridiculous in the fact that they're
wasting our money
investigating this I mean for what
oh the proof that this maturity game it's like saying all this already movie
said only had blood and violence but I was totally shocked when I saw the
boobies in there too
DJ poo eater over in chat room says what abreast
this is an AO game now but the killing and use of the word nigga is cool
exactly is it it's stupid it's just
it's like the whole thing with movies in full-frontal nudity when it comes to
guys
you know it's okay in an r-raid movie but when you get a naked guy in there
up NC-17 oh my god horrible
it's the same thing with this you know once you add a little nudity in there
and which you know if you think about actually in the seventies
it wasn't a big deal at all like you go look at movies or made in the seventies
like a porky's
Life of Brian. And Life of Brian. There's wang left and right in those movies, you know?
But they were just art. What about like God of War where there's
actual, you know, nudity and that. And they had a sex game and they're granted, they didn't
show anything. But, I mean, if you saw this game and actually played the, you know, Hot
Coffee game or whatever, you would have been, this is ridiculous and stupid. This is like
a sex game. It's about as ridiculous as Custard's Revenge. I mean, it didn't really show anything.
We just showed some stupid, really low-res models dry-humping each other, basically,
and a woman climaxing, I guess, when this meter got up.
It's ridiculous.
Let's continue moving on, talking about video games and their reputation out there.
There's a columnist.
It's John Roseman.
He's a syndicated Christian columnist.
He's got 11 books on parenting.
He believes that collective common sense concerning children has been swamped by tidal waves of
psychobabble that's lasted some 40 years now.
He had a column that ran in Monday's edition of the Charlotte Observer.
Let me give you a quote from it.
When video games first came out, I warned my readers that they were not appropriate
for children.
I maintained that they were not games, rather.
They produced stress and were addictive, literally.
It was not a popular stance, he says, before entering into an I-told-you-so story about
a mother and father dealing with introducing video games into the lives of their young
children.
Here are some other gem quotes from the article here.
Since then, hundreds of parents have shared with me their negative experiences with these
nefarious devices.
The stories go in my I told you so file.
The following, written by the mother of several young children, is the latest edition.
When they played, there would be fighting and tears.
When the parents turned it off, the kids would mope around to complain of having nothing
to do.
Are these the same children who, pre-XBOX, have never had a problem entertaining themselves?
Actually, they were not the same children at all.
They were beginning to exhibit addictive behavior, and as anyone who has ever lived with one
will testify, an addict and the former non-addict are two entirely different people.
The story ends with a warning to all parents.
I firmly believe that video games are dangerous to children and families.
Do not buy one.
You cannot control it.
That's ridiculous.
First off, I love how this guy says, when video games first came out, I warned my readers.
So this guy was writing columns when Space War first came out, Pong, and all that?
Yeah, so what, in the early 70s, late 60s?
There were games well before that, too.
So what about board games, huh?
Are board games addictive?
Yeah, or when it rains outside and the children mope around because they can't go outside
and play football?
Yeah, that's just how children are.
give them, like say that you give them a sit and spin, right?
Right. And then you take it away and the sit and spin was their favorite thing to do.
Well, how are they going to act? They're going to cry. They're going to be mopey. If you've got
multiple children and you've got a single thing, they're going to fight over it. That's just how
siblings are. If a child's moping around that they have nothing to do, have them do the dishes
or mop the floor. That's what my mom... Yeah, they can freaking clean the house.
That's what my mom made me do. Seriously?
I never was to complain I have nothing to do because if I, my mom always said,
if you tell me I'm nothing to do I'll find something for you to do. I knew how to do
laundry when I was six years old.
You know, don't give me this nothing to do crap. You know, you have children to do
your housework for you.
Maybe if you didn't sit your kids in front of the TV and just have the TV raise them
and then when you take that away then they don't have anything to do.
Maybe you should teach them, I don't know, to use their imagination or maybe play with
toys.
My cousin was the same way. You would give him Legos and he wouldn't know what to do with them.
Because no one taught him how to play by himself or entertain himself. Instead
they would have to entertain him by either putting a
movie on or something like that. He didn't have video games but you know
he liked video games. But it's the same thing it's basically you don't teach your kids
you because
oh my god you know having the kid and stuff with so much stress and stuff and
now we don't have time to ourselves and
oh I'm just so tired with this and now I need something to entertain my
kids and now they won't get along and it's all this video games help because
They must have been addicted to it.
No, they're not addicted to the game.
They're just kids and they whine because they know whining won't get their way.
So you know what?
You just let them whine, let them mope around, but they're going to eventually figure out,
you know what?
There's some other things to do.
They can go ride a bike.
They can go outside.
They can play with their other toys.
All right.
Well, what I used to do with my little brothers, because my little brothers are about, the
oldest of them is seven years younger than I am I used to when my mom would be
busy I would say I would teach them how to do something and say okay go do this
and when I come back I want to see what you've done you know I would break out
the Lincoln logs I had Lincoln logs when I was a kid I break out the Lincoln logs
I was a tinker toy kid my brother we had tinker toys too my brothers would have
built like a whole fort out of stuff because I showed them how to put them
together we have the large size tinker toys the ones that were like ginormous
TinkerToy x100. I gotta go to chatroom because they have some great
comments right now. Legend of Zaku says, Sky, this guy is nothing more than the
advocate of the American Taliban. That's some harsh words but okay, it's your quote
not mine. Let's see, let's see, and then they start talking about board games
like the chatrooms just going off on board games here. Fireboma says, Monopoly
causes domestic violence. Have you ever seen a family fight over good old
fashioned game of Monopoly? Uh-huh. Let's see, one of my friends favorite stories
that they always make me tell you know whenever we're doing you whatever is the
story about my mom and I fighting over the bag of M&Ms I mean you know families
fight over the dumbest shit they really do let's see let's fight vicious Legend
of Zaku says Frogger's animal cruelty gs-191 think about the children band
connect for let's see Legend of Zaku says mystery date causes premarital sex
Fireboma says life you know the game of life causes kids to think that having
having children out of wedlock is okay.
So get this, um, I basically, toys are even more dangerous than video games, I think.
You know, Lincoln Logs, they make great catapults, and you know those, um, what was it, not K'Nex,
but, um, oh god, I used to make-
Tinker Toys?
No, not Tinker Toys.
Well, we have the life-size Tinker Toys, and those things were pretty dangerous.
I remember flicking the little circular knob off of the stick when you pull it back and
then flick it off the stick and I used to hit my brother in the head with that all the
time.
Actually I think it was K'nex.
I made a crossbow out of K'nex, a working crossbow, so if you think that video games
are dangerous, try dealing with a kid with a crossbow.
Let's see here, I think this comment is really good too, I wanted to share this so we can
move on here.
Blaze in our chatroom says, I'm a devout Christian and I hate these people who are on a useless
crusade to try and reform society through their political bullshit.
Amen.
That wasn't a pun, by the way.
I know, I know. We've had these very strange puns come out of nowhere tonight.
Don't, like, daddy taught daughters to sneak out at night.
I don't need a game to teach me how to sneak out of the house.
What did the game Cootie teach us? That's what I want to know.
How to play with bugs.
Anyway, let's get into, you know, all this crap going around makes us angsty.
angsty I don't know about you guys but I get mad when I read all this uninformed
crap in the media
and the politicians and these guys who writing these articles make them to sell
more books
essentially why do you think he who shall not be spoken of on this show
you know media whore you know does everything he does
his antics. Yeah he he's just trying to sell more copies of his book
anyway it makes us mad we want to get angsty so that's why we have the
FUs of the week right dark Sakura? Bring on the pain
Well, my F.U. of the week has to do towards something that is built into, not just, particularly
American society, but also for most industrialized developed countries, is how we are taught
to finish everything on our plate when we're children.
I've been doing a lot of research into food and eating, given that I've been looking for
natural treatments for the chronic fatigue immunodeficiency syndrome, which I try not
to go off on that one, but I've been trying to do a lot of natural research into how to
naturally treat it, and they're basically stating that a lot of the ideals that were
taught as children by our parents, who of course learn this from their parents, who
from their parents are you know not necessarily the best thing to actually do you know you're
taught to clean your plate no matter how full you are so as you grow up you're taught to overeat
when you are full you're done not when you're satisfied and i think that a lot of that plus a
lot of you know a lot of the different you know technology we have now that basically promotes
being lazy you know a lot of easy food things that are packed full of calories and bad for you
Basically our society is built around a very very vicious relationship with food
And so I personally am trying to go into breaking some of those habits in myself
But I encourage you know parents when your child says they're full don't make them eat anymore
Start with them young, you know teach them how to go out and play
Teach them how to eat, right?
Don't make them clean their plate because if they're if they're satisfied, there's no need to stuff them
That's what I have
look here at you uh... fucking think that
yeah
you happy guy this week
i guess uh...
full conjunctivitis but they've basically said that
think that but
it's just it sucks and i've always read
uh...
i'm doing it toward you
uh... no it
and things
and i think that uh...
that's acting
i'd already doesn't hurt though
really annoying
having your high water all day
uh...
all right uh... my if you the week goes to my sinus issues or whatever to see
you've got to see last week's show i was sick i still i feel
something about the weekends are making me sick lately because i'm sick again
like i woke up this morning feeling all
congested and stuff and it sucks i think that go away
i'm not supposed to have allergies and sinus problems
making me sleep too much. Alright,
that was our angst for the week. Let's get back into some gaming news and we'll
go over to DarkSakura. As you know, she likes to
keep an eye on what's going on overseas and what is going on overseas?
A bunch of stuff. No, seriously.
There's actually some UK
gaming events going on, so I thought that
it's a good idea for our overseas listeners.
You know, we like to make sure that they stay in touch, so.
There's the Women in Games UK at the University of Teesside, 10th through 11th in July.
It's 50 pounds for students, 100 pounds for non-students, and then after July 14th, it's
75 pounds for students and 150 for non-students.
Sex and Games, panel on hiring, retaining next-gen positions, that type of thing.
conference Brighton 11th through 13th in July. It's free. That's the conference
before the 10th then in June it's a 435 pounds and a 570 after that. There's
going to be people from Bungie hanging out there, different lectures, information
on DirectX 10. Then there's the games edu conference in Brighton the
14th of July. It's going to be up to the 10th of June. It'll be 95, 110 after 10th of
June. Basically, it's going to be game design, academics, furthering the UK talent pool.
There's the Edinburgh Interactive Entertainment Festival, which is the 21st through 22nd of
August, which is game screening, award ceremonies, and game ratings. That's going to be fun.
Times Market Europe in London, 6-17 September, there's also going to be some playable titles
there, networking opportunities, GDC London, the 3rd through 4th October, and no information
yet.
There should be more information coming later in June.
All right.
And if any of you guys go to this, let us know how it is.
Sounds good.
We'd love a write-up.
All right.
Let's go over to Loki, who has news.
You know, there's all these tycoons, there's what, Railroad Tycoon, of course, and there
was, let's see, the Amusement Park 1, Roller Coaster Tycoon, Lemonade Tycoon, there's all
these games, but this might be one I actually want to check out, Loki, right?
Yes, they've announced Hell Tycoon, and of course announced it on Tuesday, which was
June 6th, 2006.
Are you sure this wasn't a joke?
Nope.
website is up right now and you can go check it out of course and of course it should be
interesting it's healthhicoon.com obviously and basically you have to manage the misery
of others and make sure that you know make sure I so will play this game I'm going to
the site right now this site has noise right yes it does okay you might you guys might
hear this come up on the screen, but I have to see this for myself.
It's loading, loading, loading, loading, let's see.
Oh my gosh.
Evil noises.
Basically, it says, when Armageddon comes, the demon armies of Hells will be defeated.
This can only mean one thing. The devil isn't doing his job. You are the new ruler of Hell.
Your job is to keep Abyss stocked with tortured souls, reform all nine planes of Hell with
fire and brimstone. On judgment day, will you be ready? Of course, it's no secret that
The politicians are controlled by the devil, now you know why Washington DC is built around
the giant pentagram.
This scene just goes on and on, that's great.
It's funny, so go check it out.
We need to get the makers of Hell Tycoon on this program, I want to talk to them and find
out what's wrong with them, I mean seriously, how messed up do you have to be to think of
something like this?
That's awesome.
That actually sounds kind of smart, I'm going to check this out I think when it comes out.
Let's see we have dark Tetsuya says sounds like Loki's kind of game actually Bob Dole says that sounds awesome
Hitstun wants to know does anybody own the tycoon name?
I guess not because you see all these tycoon games like all the time and
Jeremy Todd one made the mandatory joke I suppose beating this joke into the ground giant enemy crab cartoon or tycoon
Journey Tycoon, where you manage the band Journey.
Speaking of a joke that never gets old, Uwe Boll has sued the distributor of Blood Rain.
Basically there was this old debacle that happened with the movie.
It was supposed to open on all these screens, it didn't even really end up happening.
Boll basically alleges that Romare, the studio that made this, breached his contract with
the director by failing to release the film on 2,000 screens, refusing to pay the producers
their share of the gross proceeds, and not using the $10 million that Bull's production
company had given them for promotion and advertising of the film.
This suit has been confirmed that it is going on there, but who knows what will actually
happen with that.
Let's see, I'm trying to look for a comment here.
He did comment, and basically, yeah, it was all bullshit.
Let's see, Romare Entertainment co-founder James Schramm had a comment here.
He had such bad publicity that I felt bad and I wanted to help him out.
We made no money on this movie, nothing.
We lost.
This is a complete financial loss and he has the audacity to remove us off the credits.
Yeah, that was the thing.
They removed, when the DVD came out, they removed them off the credits for that and
they made it look like that.
It was produced by or distributed by Uwe Boll instead of Romare.
So yeah, he's a jackass.
I wouldn't have known because there's no way I'm going to watch that DVD.
Alright, anyway, we're going to go ahead and take a break and when we come back there'll
be plenty more Orange Lounge Radio where this came from, so we'll see you in a little bit.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
