The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
tonight's program orange lounge radio episode number one hundred and fifty
four we got a whole lot of
money news going on there was
big song pack releases not really song pack but song list releases
of the upcoming game so that should be a lot of fun
also on tonight's show we have a sneak preview of the brand new pump it up game
and whatever else is on our mind
right after this little introduction so get your butt in chat room orange
www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're mentioning the old nine radium lines, the montauk radium lines, so much more.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
this episode.
We are live and this is episode number 154 for this August the 21st of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live at your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts. In this corner, the
happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers, DarkSakura. Just kidding, she's not here.
She's actually out tonight. DarkSakura is at the Classic Gaming Expo today. She's doing
a report on Classic Gaming Expo for OrangeLoungeTrader.com, so she may drop by at the end of the show
because she wants to be here for the podcast to fill us in on Classic Gaming Expo, but
won't be here for a little bit
self killing and we have the one early since he's sitting in the flood the
green chair i'm saying he's filling in
uh... the one and only make what's up
say hello
pa's media host
who can't say hello
turn the mike on there you know
it hasn't been that was you've been here as a
couple months
you're a little
all right so
i'm sure he'll be telling us a whole lot of nothing tonight cuz
all those stupid india's so
why do we even have you on the show i i i can't remember
they get drunk a lot
well not tonight
it with the point i mean after all new game pros breaking all this news with
ron
they don't get in trouble for still not that that's both of the in finding a big
game for his craft
uh...
uh... the one voice over there you here is the one and only tech muscle loki
i'm here
i look big
yes you do
alright
also joining us tonight we have other special guests not just uh... those
folks we've got the one and only
jazz
how are you well that might cloud that's right
and i'm going to have a good idea
say hello also to
wanted only
the guy who turned this show and p seventeen last week with a single
said
so we're going to take a quick break and we're going to come back and dish for a
little bit
so we're gonna start off this break playing some music
that was announced in a press release this week that's going to be in DDR
Extreme 2 USA. We're gonna talk about that of course tonight
also on deck tonight we're going to preview some Pump It Up
and whatever else
tickles our fancy
Alright, enjoy this music. We're going to start it off with Serena Paris.
we'll be back after this
Baby, now that we're together, you and me
Look at us, baby, look at us now
Like the power of the wind, the glowin' of the moon
Look at us, baby, look at us now
Baby, from the way that we can ever be
Look at us, baby, look at us now
Now all the good is gone, I knew it all the time
We'd make it today, look at us now
This is what you're gonna...
We are what we're supposed to be
Illusions are the fantasy
Under the light, we can face
What you do is what you wish to do
We are the call to save our days
We do the things you want to see
Bring my brain to the X-ray
Our friends are so unreasonable
They do the unpredictable
All out alive if we can say
What we do and what can we do?
There's all an order for friends
Doing all the little things
Bring my brain to the X-ray
One by one we make it in five
We are the time to be heroes of the world
We are the ones who got our hands on our robot
It's game by your back, rage in mind
One of the wildest of our days
I'll never get to fight back
We're on the move, we're on the path
Time to run, to qualify
We come to the end
We're never gonna land
We're the man, we're the man, we're the kind of people, kind of people, kind of people, yeah
Often you just walk away from me
When all I can do is watch you leave
Cause we shared the laughter and the pain
And even shared the tears
You're the only one who really knew me at all
So take a look at me now
You're very open as you say
And you coming back to me is against the odds
And that's why I'm not afraid
I wish I could just make you turn around
Turn around and make me cry
There's so much I need to say to you
So many reasons why
You're the only one who really knew me at all
So take a look at me now
There's just a lefty thing And there's nothing left here to remind me
Just a memory of a friend Take a good look at me now
Cause I can still be standing here If you turn it back to me
If you get caught up, the chance I've got to pay
Bring me back to Rainbow Track
Give me your gun and my hand
I wanna be your shooting man
Left by left
The military staff
The air force raft
The 70 is the best
Go left or right, don't pick up the map
Go left or right, go left
Go left, go right, go pick up set, go left, go right, go left.
Gaming radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Mooch, uh, moo-kaw-key.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 154 on this lovely, hot August night
here in the Sacramento area where our show is based.
Welcome to our new listeners.
I'm sure we have a couple new listeners tonight.
It seems like ever since we started that little podcast thing, we've been getting a trickle
of new listeners every week to the live show.
So hello to you guys that came over from the podcast.
For those of you guys that are expecting a three-hour version of our podcast, we apologize,
but that's not what we do here. Because we have three hours to film...
Yeah, we talk about music gaming.
Sometimes we talk about music gaming, and then other times we talk about other crazy, much crazier stuff.
So, you're kind of quiet, Loki, all of a sudden.
Well, gee, I'm either too loud or too quiet, you know?
There you go, now we're fine.
Can't win.
So what do we do here on the show? We talk about the music-based video games,
which was what our podcast was originally going to be about, but then we got way off track.
way off track. And then we also talk about, you know, pop culture stuff when it, you know,
comes up, like strippers and things like that. And, you know, just whatever is on our mind.
So that means we always start off each and every show with a little bit of how was your
week, how was your day, where we talk about what's been going on for you this week. So
without talking about any of the Bomani news this week that you guys know is coming up
later in the show, how was your week, how was your day? We'll start off with Loki, since
Dark Sakura's not here tonight.
My week was pretty good because, um, it just was.
I got to play some more games, um, Darkwatch for, you know, briefly.
Then I got bored of Darkwatch after about five minutes just because, you know, first
person shooters, eh, I just didn't have the time to dedicate to it.
So Burnout 3 it was because I took down 54 cars in one match, and that was fucking awesome.
That was one of the best races I've done.
It was just like, I was in the zone, just like, knocking off cars, you know, three at
every time and loved it. You have been obsessed with Burnout 3 just like I have been obsessed
with Meteos. I cannot stop. And now, Mikoltov is obsessed with Meteos. Well, then also I
got to play actual music games. I got to play Taiko no Tatujin while I was waiting for Nelly
to get out of the doctors. Um, cause you know, since I, the car. On the PSP. You didn't lug
the big drum into the doctor's office or anything. I do lug my PS2 around though. I do do that.
So, and I kid you not, this is how addicted to Burnout 3 I am.
I will lug my PS2, I carry it with me to work.
I'll lug it downstairs, we'll hook it up to the TV, we'll play two races and unhook it
up in a matter of 15 minutes.
That's how addicted we are to this game.
But um, so anyways, I got to play a Taika no Tatujin and um, beat about half the songs,
you know, completely 100%.
So now I have to figure out what happens when I beat everything.
I don't know. It's pretty fun. And that's pretty much all I did that was super exciting. I saw a 40-year-old virgin and that movie is hilarious. I love it. Highly recommend it.
Was it funnier than There's Something About Mary? Because that's what a lot of people just say.
Yeah. It was one of those movies you actually laugh out loud. It was just really funny. Steve Carell is awesome and all the supporting cast was awesome as well. So, really good movie.
uh... coming from the chair of fire above us as uh... any game that enables
you to produce final destination to pile up for great
remember the beginning of that
if you want to play her chat
and have comments randomly written read on a row orange laundry dot com click on
chat back
that's the difference between the show the podcast really is that you get
interact with us the thing is that they have a very three dollars i can find
cheat codes for it
you know it being on my hard drive it makes you a hard to cheat there is a way
the Codebreaker version 9, I guess you can do that by 8, so I have to see if I can upgrade
that or something. But yeah, it looks like it's going to be really fun, and I'm waiting
for Burnout Revenge, because that's next month. I have to play the Madden demo, because they
have that on there.
Now for those that would say, us a couple folks in chat room are saying that Burnout
3 is not all that. What are the flaws in Burnout 3?
The Announcer, Striker, fucking lame ass piece of crap, it's like some, no offense Rob, college
DJ, okay, that's on MTV, okay?
Hey!
Okay, no.
I think I got my start.
No, no, no.
Hey!
You're listening to Chico State Radio, and that was some Beck, comin' up for Beck!
No, honestly, it's very annoying, and I've turned the Announcer off a few times and it
keeps coming back.
And also, if you don't play the World Race mode right off the bat, you'll keep getting these stupid training videos that pop up, and they're like five minutes long and you can't bypass any of them. That sucks.
And also, some of the physics in the game are a little touchy, and the AI is a bit too rubber bandy, and it's just, I don't know.
But Burnout Revenge, from what I hear, fixes all of that, and the game is amazing. I can't wait!
Because you can also do, I guess, you can do these where you can make your car explode in Burnout Revenge when you crash and you just go BOOM!
So I love that. Explosions are awesome.
Alright. Explosions are awesome.
Miklotov, put the game on pause. Tell us about your wig.
He's got a mic. He's got Jamie's mic.
Um, okay.
Oh, now you're loud! Whoa, good. Alright.
I play Final Fantasy XI a lot, and I got my artifact armor part of the way for Bard, and it made me very happy.
And I was sick Friday. That's about it. And I worked.
You worked a lot this week?
Yes, and I hated it. I hated it so much.
Don't talk about it, you don't like it. Don't say that when Konami people might be listening to the show, you dumbass.
I don't care. I make it known what I like and I don't like at work.
Oh, so it's the particular thing you're working on.
Yeah, I hate it.
Can you, I guess you probably can't tell us what.
No, no. But I hate it. I hate it for ten to twelve hours a day, every day and weekends.
Can you please make sure they don't make any more Frogger games?
Because I have to sell this to people and I'm like, it's a Frogger game that's 3D.
It's based off the original Frogger.
And, well, it's a Frogger game.
If you can take care of Hawaii, it's all Hawaii.
So, let's just go to Hawaii and beat some people up.
Yeah, I mean, it's that simple.
So, wait, can you...
Japan needs to, you know, bomb them again.
Again, for those who don't know Miklotov, he actually works at Konami.
What can you tell us about your job?
He's under a lot of non-disclosure agreements, which means if he says things that he's not supposed to,
he gets a spanking and possibly fire.
He should put a little collar around his neck if he says something he's not supposed to.
That transmits back to the home planet.
So what can you say about your job?
Well, okay, people know I do DDR.
And, um, I mean, if you look at instruction booklets, you see lists of testers and stuff.
And so you see my name there, too.
So, I mean, you can gather that I test and I do DDR and I do other things.
So would it be fair to say, and feel free to say you can't answer if you can't?
I can't answer that what?
I didn't even ask!
Is DDR the only game you work on?
No. No, it's not.
Okay. Do you work on games other than Bomani Games?
Yes. Okay. I see. So the game he's talking about could be anything?
It could be anything, and I hate it so much. Out of curiosity,
are there any songs you've been hearing a lot at work lately?
Any songs stuck in your head that you've been hearing an awful lot at work?
Yeah, the Hum a Few Bars.
No. Any songs from any, like, purple looking games
that you can think of? Oh, you're talking about Beatmania, aren't you?
Okay, hold on. I can clear this up. You know about Beatmania? We don't know anything more
than everybody else does. When we saw those pictures for the first time, is when you saw
those pictures for the first time. So it was shocking to us to think.
But IGN saw them before everybody saw them. I know, they're jerks.
He hate IGN. What's up? Can you tell me about this? What
the hell is up with GamePro? What the hell? How come they beat you to everything?
They're a nobody pays attention to magazine so they can say whatever they want.
They need to say something to get some readers, and they have readers for a day.
Disclaimer guys, Miklotov's comments are his own and do not necessarily reflect those economics.
They are one of the EGM, okay?
GamePro used to be the shit back in the day when it was GamePro and Nintendo Power.
You know what, you bastards, I used to subscribe to GamePro.
So did I.
I was in their little elite club thing that they had for a short while, where there was only like several hundred members because I wrote like a thing in the contest and I won.
Yeah, every day they would walk in, see the big list of the club members and go, HA HA HA HA HA! STUPID PEOPLE! HA HA HA HA!
See, the only thing I remember from GamePro from my childhood is the two covers, the American Gladiators one, and the Gremlins 2 one, and then everything else is a blur.
Because the American Gladiators one.
There's one.
What's that noise?
Forget it.
Forget it.
I can't remember when I pinched my cheek at the end of the cover.
Forget it.
Forget it.
It's...
Rob was right as you say that.
He was masturbating to the cover.
Yeah.
When I was nine.
This is what we call a radio gag because they can't see that I'm pulling my cheek.
It sounds over the sound waves.
It sounds like...
But see, make it look tough, this is what we do when we don't have sound boards with different audio effects, we have to make them ourselves.
But still, I was like 9 when that cover came out, so if you're like saying that I was masturbating at 9...
Dude, some people were!
No, people can keep magazines, they don't just disappear.
But it had like, laser on the cover!
I didn't even remember who was on the cover!
It was Gemini, Laser, and some chick.
Okay!
Those Farrah Fawcett posters were in guys' bedrooms for like 25 years.
Okay.
They need lives, then.
I guess so.
And, Loki, what are you talking about that we don't have a soundboard here at the station?
God.
God.
Damn.
Ow, my foot!
Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Oh, I have something else.
What?
Okay, I had to drink.
We were at IHOP today, and we were sitting in the back of the place, because that's where they made us sit.
And so we're having our normal discussions.
X, to Fur, has his little rainbow shirt on.
And Justin, I don't know, did you say Jazz or Jazz?
Justin, okay.
Sorry, my bad.
Because people know you as Jazz online, if anything.
Because you're famous, you contributed a story to DDR Freak this week, so you're to famous.
He has a shirt on that says homosexuals are gay, and so we have this big gay group over here and we're talking, and this old lady comes over, and she's like, so they stick all the gay people in the back of the place, or something like that. I wasn't paying attention because I was laughing.
Implying that she and her friends were all lesbians. Old lesbians.
Yeah, because they were old and girls, and I guess that means they're lesbians.
So you don't hide the fact you're queer?
No.
Oh, okay. Just curious.
Some of our listeners may not know.
Oh my god. It's gonna be their live journal post from now on.
I know, I'm gonna go angst about it later.
That guy on that radio show said he was gay, bah.
Oh no.
You know, come to think of it, we have an interesting setup tonight because-
I know, I was just like, oh wait a second.
Loki's sitting in the center of the room, and he's surrounded by a bunch of bags.
Eh, I'm used to it.
what do you mean you're used to it what do you mean you're used to it
what the hell we shared an apartment for like two years so come on
so when rob had his orgies
hey i never had orgies
that was the best spot to see the tv
loki hold on hold on to this biscuit loki close your eyes
anyway moving on anything else you want to share about your week
Okay, you can go back to Meteos now.
Hooray!
Wait, this is the first time you've played Meteos.
Yeah, really, this is pretty much the first time I've played it.
Pretty cool, huh?
What'd I tell you?
I hate it, because there's nothing really to do in it,
but then I just gotta keep moving the stylus,
and make blocks fly up, but they fall back down!
So, this makes me think of a question.
At Konami, like, are you allowed to play?
Because, you know, you get your breaks and lunch.
I'm assuming they don't slave drive you guys too much.
You actually get a break and a lunch, you know.
Oh, yeah, we play whatever we want.
I play Pump It Up there.
So I was going to ask, can you play whatever you want on your breaks?
Oh, it was funny, because I was playing Pump It Up, and I was talking to somebody that
was a little higher up than me, and I was saying how much I like Pump It Up more than
DDR, and then the higher up for all of us came in, and he told him, and I had to explain
myself.
It was great.
But yeah, I play Pump there.
That's pretty much all I do on breaks.
That's great.
There are a lot of other hot games in the office right now that are not Konami made.
Dr. Mario for Nintendo 64?
Kind of random. I didn't even know they made Dr. Mario for Nintendo 64.
I remember Pokemon Puzzle League, but I don't remember Dr. Mario 64.
Like Dr. Mario in Tetris or something?
I don't know. That's right.
I'm not sure. That, Pump It Up, and Forza Motorsport.
That's the ones that get played that aren't Konami games.
An enthusiast?
Forza Motorsport is what we play there.
Nothing else.
Oh, and on a... I have to ask, maybe you can't tell me because this is a Konami-related game, but
how's the Winx game turning out?
NDA.
Damn you.
You can't tell me shit about DDR, now you can't tell me shit about the Winx? Winx Club has now been...
It's been relabeled as adult only, so, you know.
Yes! I mean, dude, the Winx get topless!
The Winx Hot Coffee Edition.
Honestly, it wouldn't surprise me, but that's all I'll say.
Whoa, hey. Alright, moving on.
That's what the franchise needs.
Um, let's go over to, uh, Justin. How was your week? How was your day, sir?
My week was pretty uneventful, uh...
I did... I played Final Fantasy for most of the week,
And when I wasn't playing Final Fantasy, I was starting up school again, which kind of sucks, but eh, it's something to do, so that's good enough for me.
Then on Saturday morning, I drove up here, and we hung out, and we went to IHOP, and that was funny with the lesbians.
Because they specifically told me that it was because of my shirt they could tell we were all gay.
Yeah, your shirt made us all gay.
Yeah, it's great. I love it.
Yeah, because gays aren't allowed to associate with straights in public, only behind closed
doors, apparently.
Yes, indeed.
Yeah.
Besides that, that's about it.
All right.
Yep.
Exciting.
Extra for anything you want to share?
My week was really cool, I guess.
I don't know, I watched a lot of South Park.
I went to work, I slept.
It was very uneventful, but it was good.
Ironically, the boring weeks become, you know, the better weeks sometimes, you know.
Okay, I have a small little thing to add on to what Christopher just said.
Yeah.
Now, don't ask me why I was watching UPN, but for some reason UPN was on the TV, and apparently UPN is getting South Park now.
And I'm like, what the hell would you want to watch South Park on UPN for?
Wow.
You wouldn't.
Exactly!
Wow.
Christopher what else did you watch that rhymes with the 4400? Um, I don't know. Maybe you can tell me the 44
Oh, yeah, that rhymes with 44. It's an awesome show. I'm sorry. I forgot to add that to mine and
Shainer miklotov bought me
You can call him Shane. That's all right
Oh Shane Shane by the way, but me fine
The listeners will just have to draw a chart at home to keep track of okay
Here's their online name and here's their real name. So, okay
and
And he got me into Final Fantasy XI.
Hooray, I converted somebody.
So yeah.
Yeah, I helped.
Oh yeah, and I made Shane watch Mean Girls for the first time, and he loved it.
It's an awesome movie!
It's really, really funny.
And today has been cool.
That's good.
I'm glad you're having a cool day.
Alright, um, my week and my day.
Actually, I had a pretty shitty week, because I've been sick all week.
didn't you can probably hear it now a little bit like I know my voice is
usually kind of nasal but especially so tonight because I've I had a sinus
infection this week so it was pretty bad weird enough I'm pretty confident that I
caught it on my plane ride back from the East Coast but it the symptoms didn't
really set in until Tuesday or Monday night what did you say West Nile it's not
It's coming back on the plane.
Yeah, it's coming back on the plane. I was pretty sure I caught my sinus infection there.
I did not get bit by a mosquito on the plane. They don't let mosquitoes in planes.
Stay up on the terrace!
This is reaching for a microphone, yes?
You can still call in sick.
There's so many people that can work for you.
You're just scared of it.
But it's kind of one of those things...
Yeah, you're scared.
I don't want to...
I'm not supposed to talk about my job outside my job, but...
Anyway, so how was your day?
Shut up.
It's one of those things where if I don't do it myself, I don't know how things are
going to be when I get back, and I might be creating more work for myself by calling in
sick.
See what I'm saying?
See what I'm saying?
Take care of yourself first.
Whatever.
I took care of myself.
I slept all night.
It doesn't matter when you're sick.
That's why I have nothing to say about my week because I slept.
But I have to admit, I have to admit when I go home and I see you, like, in any, uh,
you know, any pose, like, sleeping on the couch is fucking hilarious, because you look
funny when you sleep and you're sick.
Rob would also like to add that he will have something to talk about next week because
he has Hello Kitty Roller Rescue.
I did.
Loki bought me a copy, or didn't buy me, but obtained me a copy through his work, not through
I've been pirating, actually, but through his work, obtained me a copy of Hello Kitty
Roller Rescue, so I'm really excited, and have a reason to dust off the GameCube, since
otherwise the damn thing wouldn't be getting dusted off until 2006.
Yeah, because my work looked at me funny when I was excited to get Hello Kitty Roller Rescue.
I'm all, yeah, I'm all, yeah, my friend's gonna love this game, they're all, right,
your friend.
That's great.
So I didn't sick all week, so I didn't have a chance to do a lot until the weekend.
Now yesterday we took an adventure over to Fry's Electronics, which is the big
electronics store in town,
and I finally picked up a US PlayStation 2
finally after all this time because I didn't need one for a long time. I had a
Japanese PlayStation 2, so I was able to get my, you know, BeatMania 2DX and
DDR fix through the Japanese PlayStation, but I was really missing out on
everything else. But since I was living with Loki for the past couple years
up until April, I was able to abuse his US PlayStation 2, so I never had to buy one.
But now that, you know, Extafur isn't quite the gamer I am.
Extafur, do you have any game systems?
What do you?
I have a GameCube that I love, and, um, that I never play either, and...
So we let you on the show because you are a gamer, believe it or not.
I have played a video game before.
Okay, that's good.
What are your favorite GameCube games?
Um, Netroid Prime...
There you go! Alright.
Now what did I tell you to say every time somebody brings up Final Fantasy XI?
Damn those gills-sells.
Gill-sellers. There you go.
Them gills-sells, they sell gills all the time.
What's a gills-seller?
It's one of the people that sells the currency on eBay and fucks up the economy.
Oh, well damn them.
There you go.
So you just have a GameCube, nothing else?
I have a GameCube and a Game Boy Advance.
And I have PlayStation 2 games and I don't have a PlayStation 2.
But you have one, so hey.
I have one now?
You have a tiny one.
Yes, I bought one of the new minis.
I was going to...go ahead.
No, no, go ahead.
I was going to get an old style PlayStation 2, but they're kind of hard to find now.
It's because I wanted to put a hard drive in it.
I just decided you know fuck it most PlayStation 2 games like 20 bucks now, and there's only a few. I want to play it in your
pocket
You can still have a hard drive in the mini ones how they have not in it
Unless it's USB advanced
It's a you can use the USB hard drive supports up to terabyte hard drives
And you can it'll run just as fast as running off the CD-ROM not quite faster, but as fast so
It is possible you load it on memory card really
But I only have to pay like $400 for its terabyte USB.
Well, you're not going to buy a terabyte drive. You can get like, you know, a smaller drive, you know, for a lot less.
That's true because you can always swap them in and off the computer.
Or you can get one of the enclosures where you can buy just, you know, put any hard drive in there and make it a USB 2.0 drive.
Now, too bad you didn't wait, though, because it's dropping down in price to $99.
But not until November.
Yeah.
To compete with Xbox 360. I saved my receipt just in case.
Hey Rob, those PlayStation 2's aren't new anymore.
They're new to me because nobody I know has one, except me.
But they're still not new.
They're new to me. I don't care if they're not.
Hey, and Xbox 360 is cool because it's going to have Final Fantasy XI, that's why I'm getting it.
Which one are you getting?
I'm getting the one that's worth the money, not the one that's a $300 doorstop.
I love how you come on this program to promote non-Konami games.
Yeah, like Pump.
We'll get to your Pump story, don't worry.
So, I bought my US PlayStation 2,
and I bought two games when I bought it. I bought Katamari Damacy, because
that's a must-own game now, and Final Fantasy X, because
the whole reason I bought one is because I had an urge to go back and play Final Fantasy X.
I don't care what you people say, Valve HD 10 was great.
I have to bring you back, uh...
DDR Extreme?
DDR Extreme.
Uh, maybe DDR Extreme.
Um, no, actually, the DDR Extreme, um, that's being loaned out to someone. I gotta get that back.
I have your Max 2 or Max, I think.
Cool.
One of them.
Cool.
Very cool.
So I can play some DDR at home, which I haven't done in probably, you know, a long time.
No, I do sometimes, but actually pulling out the dance pad and playing is kind of a chore, especially when we live upstairs. But luckily the downstairs neighbors are kind of cool.
Speaking about the downstairs neighbors, are there any British soccer player games that we can talk about? Because they're downstairs right now, I just saw them outside. Anyways, I have to go see them again.
We're going to see them again.
Winning 11, you can talk about winning 11.
We can talk about winning 11, I don't know.
Alright, go have fun, Extover.
Alright, anyway, I guess what we'll do now, why don't we go to a quick break?
Then we're going to come back and talk about some actual Bomani news.
Things that are going on in the Bomani world.
Yes, let's.
Let's. And then we'll also open up the Skype line a little later on in the show.
So you guys, if you have anything you want to ask Miklotov or us, you can, because I'm sure folks are going to try and get some information on Miklotov even though he ain't going to tell you anything, but you can try.
So we'll open up the skype line for you guys a little later on. So if you guys want to be able to call on the show, you have to head on over to our skype line, www.orangeloungeradio.com and click on interact with us.
And meanwhile, we'll do some more announced music for DDR Extreme 2.
started off with a little bit of Boom Boom Dollar. We'll be back after this.
Go, go, go.
Allez, allez, allez.
Allez, allez, allez.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go!
This is not the life.
This is the world.
No, it's the time.
Don't ever stop.
We should have known, got up strong We should have known, back to the top
Como que hic lave, eso pasido que En es que espeñar por una se ya
Con sigue eso como, la copa de la mor
Hola su revirido, eso el puede ya O el puede ya, we want it
Here we go!
Ooh, better in the decision for the poor, poor poor
Ooh, better in the decision for the poor, poor poor
Oh
Yeah, baby, this is what I want to do
The
no
no
no
no
no
no
Clean up the night, clean up the night Clean up the night, clean up the night
Why did our feelings die action When we fought satisfaction
But our hearts and as always, save me
Why?
Little love, all this magic
Isn't you a kind of tragic?
We were here for the best
In the heat of the night
Marching close to the fire
And the power of our hearts
The minute we dive inside
In the heat of the night
Much is lost through the fire
And the power of our hearts
The minute we dive inside
In the heat of the night
It's the heat of the night, the night, the night
In the heat of the night, the night, the night
From the steps why the orange flag
This media stops
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 154 in progress.
We were talking a little bit about our weeks and our days.
Now we're going to talk a little bit about some things that are going on in the Bumani
world.
I suppose even though we've really just beat this topic into the freaking ground over the
past few episodes, I think we sort of have to kind of say something about the recent
developments in the Konami vs. Roxor case.
Okay, basically, here it is.
I'm just going to give you the short version, then you can say what you want, we'll be done.
DDR Freak kind of used their account into the government public system, I think it's
called PACER or something, to pull the latest documents in the case, because these are all
publicly available documents, it's not, you know, anything that's filed in the court of law, well, almost anything is usually publicly available.
So they basically pulled the official response to Konami's original claims.
Rockstar had responded to those on July 25th, so they went ahead and put those on their site.
Basically, in short, Rockstar says, we deny, we deny, we deny, we request that Konami's patent on DDR be invalidated.
And that's part of a countersuit, which Rockstar went ahead with doing a countersuit there.
And then Konami responded on August 15th, nothing really earth shaking there, just basically
deny, deny, deny, you know, we'll see you in court type thing.
Also posted something called an order for discovery, kind of the most interesting thing
in there I think as it was because I don't profess to be a lawyer, so I'm not going to
try and make sense of these documents.
But the order for discovery has like a timetable of what a possible trial would look like.
A trial date would be February of 2007, so this Konami vs. Rockzor bitching would go on well through, like, Extreme 4 and In the Groove 4, so we're screwed either way.
If you want to check this out for yourself, www.ddrfreak.com, you can check out the original documents posted there.
Loki? Did you check this out? Yeah, briefly.
Yeah, it's like, eh, whatever. Yeah. Please
make it so Konami can't use their patents so we can steal it!
Hey, you know what? In the group, guess what?
Rockzor? There's some modifiers that you don't have yet that are in, uh, Pump It Up.
Go steal those now.
I would, though, would it be stealing, though? Because now they're
working with Andamir, which I think would be really
It would be funny if those two companies end up merging before 2007.
Shut up right now. Don't say such horrible things.
If those two companies end up merging before 2007, how is that going to screw everything up?
There's a little difference here. I mean, because watching you guys play Pump It Up, you know, today versus watching In The Groove, it's like night and day.
I mean, come on. The videos in Pump It Up, phenomenal. The videos in In The Groove, uh...
There's videos in In the Groove? No.
Yeah, it's just some random crap.
Um, the...
Just the whole step charts, you know, that's...
You know, granted, Pump It Up has some really retarded ones, like 17 difficulty stuff.
Which, you know, In the Groove, you know, they're falling behind here.
I mean, they're a little ahead of you.
So, um...
I don't know.
To be honest, it's gonna take them In the Groove 4 before this game's even...
I mean, that's why I think. I'd like to see something innovative happen. Haven't seen it yet with In the Groove 2.
Waiting for In the Groove 3, when it might be good.
Did you check out us here locally in our town, Sacramento? We got a new In the Groove 2 machine. Have you checked it out yet?
Wow, it's red. And it has more songs. And it's red.
I haven't gone to check it out, but I have a good excuse, because the arcade it's at is right on the same area, or right on the same lot as the state fairgrounds, and the state fair is going on right now, so you can't get a parking space anywhere near the arcade. So, forget it.
I'm not gonna pay $10 to go freaking park in the state fair parking lot and go play In the Groove 2 of all things. I mean, even though I try not to take sides in the whole thing.
I just don't care anymore. I really don't. The game sucks.
That's the way I think, you know.
You love it, good. You like crap. Big deal.
I mean, you know what? There are people that like crap out there. I mean, I like bad
movies.
Some people say, what the hell's wrong with you? But, you know, I like bad movies. I mean, what the hell?
So, if you like, you know,
inferior games, if you think it's fun, hey, good. It's your niche. Obviously, someone's
buying them, so somebody out there likes them. Good.
Miek Latov, now I know you really, really probably can't comment on these,
because
especially in your position, you'd be in a world of hurt, but
is there anything you do want to say? I'm taking off my Konami hat for a second.
Okay. Okay. In the Groove is stupid. When I read the
the countersuit, I thought, you know, wow, you know, Rockstar's really taking a
chance with four-year-old lawyers.
Actually, apparently, now wait a minute, apparently now in the
a little blurb that was written up a little article on DDR Freak by a law student or somebody
that has a degree in law. I don't remember the specific scenario, but you can go read
it on DDR Freak.
I once went to a trial.
No, it's not that.
Hey, I watch a lot of Law and Order. I know this.
The guy, actually, he's a good writer. I'm not going to knock him. It was a good article.
But he says in the article that the Roxor legal team is actually a pretty well-respected
group from the Bay Area.
in the park, you know, in the little sandbox, when they have their little shovels and tails.
Um, no, I'm sorry, everything Loki said is how I feel. It's inferior, and Roxor's just
whiny because they want money off somebody else's game.
Well now, now wait a minute though, here's... I promised myself I wouldn't get into another
lawsuit discussion, but I don't care. I have you here, so... Okay. Roxor, you can look
at us like the big corporate evil people that just want money, but think about the people
that actually made In The Groove, the team that actually made it before it got absolved
into RockSore. These guys were DDR fans that just took their obsession to a really extreme
level. Yeah, and you know what, they could have kept it, you know, kind of on the downlow
and small and not distributed and sold it for money and tried to say, oh it's better
and, oh, we're so cool, we have somebody that uses different aliases also, and all the songs sound the same.
You know, good or bad, okay, good or bad, whether whatever you think of in the group, let's put it this way.
DDR, okay? If they were still making, you know, more mixes for the arcade, this would not have even been made.
And this game itself is so... I don't even know how they're saying that this is not even, you know, copyright on Dance's Revolution.
Honestly, they changed everything, or what they thought they needed to change, so they wouldn't get sued.
That is all. Otherwise, it is an exact duplicate of DDR.
Yeah, and what makes it better is, oh, In the Groove 2 has DDR songs.
You know what's going to be interesting? Yeah, I know. I always thought that's very weird.
Why are they trying to copy DDR and go off to those lines?
It's like, hey, we're getting away with this. Now we're just going to put your songs in here too and make quote-unquote better steps.
Here's the interesting thing, though. Imagine this. Whether you're on the in-the-group side or on the DDR side or on the don't-give-a-shit side,
picture this. The jury trial that might happen if they don't settle, might happen in 2007.
They're going to show a jury these two games. This jury will not have a DDR or in-the-group fan on it, no matter what,
because if people consider themselves a fan of that game, the lawyer from the opposing side is going to boot them off the jury, no question.
So there will not be any DDR in the group fans on this jury.
You show somebody who isn't familiar with these dancing games, these two games side
by side.
They'll be like, that's the exact same game.
That's just all, just draw your own conclusions, just picture that.
That's where this could be headed.
That's why I'm kind of surprised that we're not talking settlement yet, but maybe that's
still a few months off.
They've got to whip their dicks out in the legal sense first.
There's some rumblings that's going to kind of change things from not the Konami side.
Oh. I was like, don't say too much.
No, no, no, no. It has nothing to do with Konami.
Okay.
Yeah, if what I've heard goes through, I don't even know what's going to happen after that.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Very interesting. Okay.
And I don't want it to go through. At all.
Bye.
Oh, I think I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Can I say it?
I mean, I just heard it randomly from a respected source, so...
Everybody said this, the rumors that Andamiro is going to buy Rockstar.
Yeah, and that will make me very angry, because I'll be very angry.
That rumor's been going around ever since Andamiro published.
Well, you know, I would rather see Andamiro take on, you know, in the groove
and actually be able to develop, because obviously it looks like their programmers
and game designers know what the fuck they're doing versus these guys.
I mean, these guys may have taken an okay direction, but Andamiro is going to be the one that's going to put the polish on things.
But the weird thing, if Andamiro were to absolve Roxor or whatever, Andamiro and Konami kind of have that agreement where...
They pay money to put out games.
Yeah, the games can coexist. They basically have that, these games can coexist agreement, whatever that may be.
That's why it's going to be weird.
Well, you know, it's weird, but hey, if they want to, you know, draw a truce or whatever, I'm fine with it.
You know, a little healthy competition never hurt anybody because it'd be an easy win for DDR, but, you know.
So you're okay with In the Groove being out there and making new mixes?
I'm fine with it being out there. If I don't like the game, I don't play it. That's pretty simple.
I mean, it's not like I'm forced to play it when I walk into an arcade, so, you know what?
You know what? I've played worse. I've played worse games out there. Hell, I've played a lot of dancing games that have just...
I've played that one game that was like Eye Toy Groove, okay? That was an arcade game. I mean, that game...
Eye Can Dance? Or Eye Can Boogie?
Eye Can Boogie. That game sucks ass, okay? This is in a whole new dimension of crap, okay?
That In The Groove would never, ever be able to touch.
And I've played Dance Station 3DDX, which is really interesting.
You know, that one's a real weird game, but I found it to be pretty fun.
So who cares?
Put another game out there.
Give some people some choice, you know?
All right, all right.
Extrofer, Justin, anything you guys want to say about this whole thing?
Nothing?
Extrofer's like, I don't know what you're talking about.
What do you think, Extrofer?
Well, okay, I'm actually curious of your perspective, but he hasn't really...
Have you seen the In the Groove game at all?
At the bowling alley?
I did see it at the bowling alley, yes.
Okay, now you're someone who doesn't play dance games really an awful lot.
Like maybe we made you get up there once or twice, but you don't really play the dance games.
Well, you know, I play when I go back home to, you know, where I grew up.
Right.
And my sister plays DDR.
Okay, so I'm curious, as somebody who is not a hardcore fan of these two games, what do you think?
think? Is one game a rip-off of the other?
I think that In the Groove game looked a lot like DDR. I mean, it just looked like the
other game, but the only difference was they had those like bombs or mines or whatever.
That was like the only difference. It basically was DDR. I don't know. That's what I thought.
See, now that could be what a jury member is going to say.
Isn't that interesting that I just said that?
Yes, it was riveting. Thank you.
Well, I think, sometimes I think folks that are hardcore fans of either In the Groove or DDR, you know, and have too much of a one-track mind where they only see the stuff they want to see in the games.
They don't kind of think that, oh, if this really does go to court, an unbiased jury is going to take a look at it and, you know, have their say.
Alright, enough lawsuit chat, I'm done.
Um, blah, blah, blah, blah, let's see. I'm reading chat room. www.orangelaunasradio.com, click on chat.
Oh, this is cute. Um, Sakurino has a question from Eclatov.
Um, are you able to hook him up with Noria?
I don't know, I don't know why somebody would want that, but...
No.
Do you know Noria? Are you on a first-name basis?
Like Sana and Togo and all them, they just walk around the office all day, right?
Maybe in Japan.
I mean, we occasionally get people in our office. I don't ever remember seeing Noria.
And if I did, she'd probably come at me all crazy.
You have to understand that Naoki keeps a close eye on his harem, okay?
They don't leave Japan.
In fact, I remember the year that Akira Yomoka came to E3, and you were just as excited as I was.
And I stalked him!
And three pictures!
That's great.
Anyway.
Um, let's do this. Let's go ahead and, um...
Actually, let's move to the Pump It Up topic, since we were kind of getting into that a little bit,
and then we'll open up the Skype line after another break.
Um, Pump It Up...
Um, now...
We, actually, this game's not gonna be out.
Now, what's the official name of the game here we're looking at for Pump It Up Exceed Home?
Pump It Up Exceed.
Pump It Up Exceed. The home release is coming out the 31st.
We got a copy though, or I should say, Miklotov got a copy.
Now, don't forget to turn on your mic.
Heck yeah, I got a copy.
How did you get a copy?
Okay, it's a great story.
Was it through Source's economy?
No, no, no.
Secret and Amuro agreements where they share games with each other?
After work one day, I was like, hey, I want both Pump It Ups for Xbox and PS2 when they come out, because I know they're different.
I better go to EB and pre-order them. So I went in there and I pre-ordered it, and the guy was like, hey, we got one traded in today.
Even though it's not out, do you want it? I was like, heck yeah, I want it. So I bought it.
How does someone trade something in that's not out yet? They don't even question it. Is that DDR Stream 3? Okay.
They were like, yeah, it doesn't come with the pad, and we're still charging you the price as if it were coming with the pad, but do you want it?
And I was like, hmm, I'll have it a month early. Yeah, I'll take it.
So I'm just gonna trade it in when it actually comes out, but yeah, I've had the game since about the beginning of August.
That's the Xbox version?
I have the PS2 one. Um, I want-
You do, do ya?
Yeah, I do have the PS2 one. Huh.
We'll have to talk later.
But, yeah, um... God, that game's a punk.
Okay, so tell us about what... Now, you are more familiar, and this is hilarious because you're the one that works for Konami, but you're more familiar with the arcade version than probably any of us.
So, um, tell us about the differences between the home version and the arcade.
Well, okay, Exceed Arcade has a whole bunch of songs.
We actually got a pretty decent song list for America.
We have, on the PS2 one, 101 songs.
The Xbox one has 97. I don't know why.
But we lost a couple pop songs for America,
and we also gained some of the revival songs from Exceed 2, which is random.
They censored a couple of the Spanish songs, which makes no sense to me, and that's about the only differences.
Okay, so tell us about, like, the unlock. How do you unlock songs in the games?
I have no clue. I've been playing that game since the beginning of August. I've unlocked four songs now, or, okay, three, and then Justin unlocked one today.
And, I mean, if you think about it, there are four modes.
And to play songs in certain modes, like, say, I want to play, uh, what's the song?
I want to play Chicken Wing in survival mode.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, it's not unlocked in survival mode, so I have to play it in home mode just to
unlock it.
And so I had to go through the game pretty much and play every song in every mode just
to make sure that every song appeared in every mode, and I don't even have that still! So
I've pretty much played over 400 songs, and I've only unlocked 4 songs. But, along the
way, you also unlock modifiers. So, I mean, I've not been totally bored out of my mind
playing the same songs over and over again. I get random cool modifiers that are weird.
I like the one that was coming from the corner. Yeah, Exceed modifier. It's very hard to read
There's also one where it comes from the bottom middle and just kind of throws it all the way up and then to the side
it also has something like break and something like
Wave it has random velocity. You can change the arrow skins
But yeah, it's it's a pretty mean game to try to unlock songs. There's also boobs and ass video
Yeah, I mean this thought I'd put that in there right there. This game got a t-rating and you know, it's censored
two Spanish words, but there's a lot of breasts. Lots and lots of breasts. I don't understand
it.
Like, not bare breasts.
No, but I mean, they smack her in the chin when she moves. The whole video is about her
breasts.
There's a lot of videos that look like internet Flash videos out there, but...
They're really funny.
Well, you know what, though? I thought one thing that really impressed me, really, really
impressed me about Pump It Up Exceed on PlayStation 2 was the fact that every song had a unique
video it wasn't some type of loop video like all these like little clips kind of
looped over and over again it was like each one even though the video quality
may be a little question mark some of them look like flash animation so one
love is just absolutely beautiful it's really nice CG it looks and then rate on
the TV rappers that leaves alive then yeah it started off as an anime and then
it kind of looked like Parappa and then it went to Mega Man and yeah it's very
Very odd.
And some of the actual music videos for actual songs are like Little Less Conversation, Name
of the Game, and Walkie Talkie Man, which is the stupidest song ever on Crazy.
It's a 17.
Tell us about where In the Groove might have gotten some of its inspiration from Pump It
Up.
What?
Like, the really hard songs.
Get it?
Oh.
Okay.
I was drawing on my foot.
I'm sorry.
It's alright.
Hope you're having fun.
I was. Yeah, it's got some really crappy steps for crazy, but if you get the Xbox one, there's
actually, on Xbox Live for free, you can download a step editor, which is not in the PS2 one,
which is really awesome.
It's kind of weird that you can download a step editor on Xbox Live. I don't know, it's
kind of weird.
Yeah, but I'll be happy, because I can finally make steps to like, songs that only have one
set of steps, and that's not even one set of steps for freestyle and normal, it's just
It's like they only have normal steps, and that's it, and they're like a two.
So it's actually, the Xbox One is probably going to be the best one with song packs and
that downloadable step editor.
Song packs on the Xbox One are going to be a little more expensive though, right?
Yeah, I don't think it's actually been officially announced, but they were tossing around the
idea of seven dollars for three songs.
However, it would include licenses, so I mean, it's not like you're going to get, hopefully,
It's not like you're going to get just Banya songs.
You'll also get, like, I Hope to Goodness, Lazanka, or Fairy Boat, or Black Cat, or all
those really cool songs from the really old games that don't show up anymore.
I was pissed off that Run to You was not in the song list.
Although, the game does have a very impressive song list.
Yeah, it's really amazing.
I couldn't believe it.
All right, so I'll sum up the PlayStation version of Pump It Up Exceed, the good stuff
and the bad stuff, and do you recommend it?
The good stuff is that it's Pump It Up and it's the superior dancing game.
The bad stuff is that Mad Cats makes the pad.
And that some of the steps are just utter crap because there's no reason Walkie Talkie
Man should go to every last little noise in the whole song.
The end.
I would say I think that the game is pretty good looking.
I think it's got a huge song list, I love the fact that there's a unique video for every
song, I think it's just kind of a fun game.
I think some of the songs are kind of a little, especially some of the Banya songs are a little
average.
Yeah, Banya is very hit or miss, at least in my eyes.
But the K-pop stuff is pretty rad.
Oh, the K-pop stuff is great, and so is the pop, because it's a lot of Latin songs.
And the regular pop stuff is cool.
So I was very surprised by Pump It Up Home Version.
I've gone from probably just not really interested in picking it up to.
I definitely want to pick this game up.
I think it's going to be really good.
However, the bad things about the game, the interface still annoys the shit out of me.
I hate Pump's interface with a passion, and it is no better in XSEDE.
The thing is, it's based off the arcade one, and the arcade one has no, like, left and
right buttons.
So you have...
It still sucks.
They could have done something else.
the way you put in codes, it sucks.
Well that's why you can play in home mode and then you can hold the triangle button down and just get out of your home.
I don't want to play in home mode, I want easy modifiers in arcade mode.
This always pisses me off. Anyway, it's not just that, I just don't like the
huge wheel that takes forever to get around and just, I don't know.
That's just me. It is.
Justin, what do you think, because I know you're a long time DDR fan, what do you think of
on PlayStation. I was very much like you when I first heard
about it. I was like, oh, let's pump it up. I've seen that so many times at MGL and Sviggle,
the local arcades, and I just do not care. Sviggle doesn't have it anymore. MGL took
it. Oh, well.
Okay, sorry. That's my local arcade. Anyways, but after playing it on Shane's Copy,
I found it was, like, amazingly fun. I love the fact that the videos are all fun and not just looped animations, and they all have a sense of humor to them for the most part.
I love the songs. I've always loved K-pop, and the fact that Caution is on this game is so amazing.
And Starion, yes.
And Starion, oh my god.
We're gonna have to play Korean music later.
Yes, we will.
Even though I don't have a whole lot of pump music.
I know, you need to bring me this pumpsy roar. Anyway.
But yeah, I think I'm definitely going to pick up the Xbox version, because I like the
Xbox better than the PS2, sadly, so I will definitely pick that up, and yeah, it looks
like a great game.
Xtavor, what little you saw of the game, what do you think of Pump It Up?
You know, I saw it as much as you did, I think.
Oh, I guess that's true.
I thought you left the room for some reason.
Okay.
It seems like a game that I'll watch you play occasionally, you know?
I won't play it, because I, you know, really suck at those games, and it just looks really,
I don't know, hard to play.
The end.
Okay.
Loki, I know you really didn't get to see it for very long, but what did you think from
what little you saw?
It looked like Pump It Up.
The crazy steps I still think are ridiculous.
I do too.
Like, it was ridiculous in the arcade, and on a homepad it's...
Why?
Stop.
Please.
Sir, on a Mad Catz homepad of all things.
Oh god, no.
That would never work.
Good luck.
Actually, as much as I hate Mad Catz, and as much as everybody hates Mad Catz, they
have been using those at the Pump Qualifiers for the World Pump Tournament, and apparently
they are pretty good.
Like, they can aid Dignity, which is a really, really hard song.
I call bullshit until I play on one myself.
We'll see though.
Fine, whatever.
Alright.
Okay, we're gonna go to a break you guys, and when we come back, we're gonna take your calls on the
Skype line. We'll also talk a little bit about the tiny news we had in the, um...
well actually it was
kind of major, but I think most of you guys have read about this by now, the Xtreme 2
song list, as well as
Karaoke
Revolution. Some song lists showed up for that as well.
So we're going to talk about all that when we come back from this break, and taking your calls on the Skype line, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on interact with us.
And in this break, I'm going to start off with a song that was kind of inspired by the chat room, because I think I'm ignoring them, but I'm not.
So this one's for the chat room, even those people that were complaining about it.
In fact, we're going to make this an entire break of 2DX songs, so we'll be back after this.
And the sun is giving you the sight of the green bridge
I keep on running close to you, baby
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Cause you're blind, I have been through
Wonderful times of forgetting completely
I'm too tall, let's lay together
I'm too tall, and it's my fault
I'm too strong, let's bring it together I'm too strong, let me go see me
It's very very sweet
Check it out, come check it out
Catch me, catch you down
Baby, come check it out
Put me, come check it out
Catch me, catch you down
You are, you are, don't get it
You are, you are, you're too much
You're the only one who can love you
I'm digging through the midst of love to find my way
My heart belongs, I'm digging through the midst of love
To fight the pain my heart belongs to
Orange Lounge Radio, Maimani Music, and more.
Orange Lounge Radio back at you here in that break you heard a little bit of Sylvia Drive,
9th Style, Injection of Love, Red, Inazuma, Happy Sky, Everyday Lovely Day, 8th Consumer.
It's going to be a booing Everyday Lovely Day 4, Miggletov.
It's not a crappy song. You're a crappy song.
All right.
We're going to open up the old Skyplines right now and take your calls here on our program.
If you'd like to call us, www.orangelauncherradio.com and click on interact with us.
Miggletov, I did get a question from somebody who is not able to call us on the Skypline.
Well, then they're losers.
But had a question. It's Rini.
Well, I might not answer it then.
So he had a question that I need to ask you. Alright. Basically what he wants to know, is Konami doing anything for the fan requests on DDR Freak for new stuff? Like new mods, new features in DDR, maybe songs. When he says new mods, he's saying things like, you know, wave, those types of things.
Has there been an official request for fan requests?
So, in other words, has there been something on DDR Freak asking you to say things?
Yeah.
I don't believe I've seen one in a little while.
Well, then, they're just requesting stuff that's not being heard.
Alright, alright, I gotcha.
Bye, John!
Alright.
Anyway...
Oh, goodie!
The gay-straight ratio has gotten worse!
My friend John just showed up, so he's here now to further surround Loki.
We won't make you gay by end of show.
No, I'm kidding.
I honestly don't know.
Usually when Konami wants to listen, or really cares to listen, you'll see like a huge thread
devoted to, oh, Konami's asking us to, you know, say, put this song in, so please list
your songs you want in.
Do people, now, you don't have power over what goes in the game.
No.
So...
Well, I had the power, no, no, I didn't even have the power, but I had a really vocal voice
about something that maybe in a few years I can talk about.
Okay, but you can't talk about it now. I can't talk about it now.
Do people that have the power to change what's in the game, do they read DDR Freak and those
types of things? I don't know who would actually have the power
to change the game. Yes, they do. So keep making those pointless
threads! Alright.
love it when you make a please put in sakura or please put in... what's another crappy
song? A crappy song! Butterfly! Oh! Cartoon Heroes! Alright. So keep making those pointless
threads on DDRFreak with your requests and maybe somebody from Konami will give a crap.
we'll see. Yeah, when we laugh at it. You know what's going to happen? When the head
of PR or whatever is coming out to our company to speak about their games and stuff, I'm
just going to say, keep playing Sakurai the next one, or you know, just do... I have a
controversial question for you. I'm playing Meteos, what is it? Do people at the office
make fun of DDR Freak Post? I have openly admitted I do. Everybody knows I'm the jerk,
So, I mean, how last year? Remember the extreme thread? That was a big joke. It was fun.
You know what you need? You need a giant plotter printer so you can print the thread, or whatever the post is, super big on the wall, so that you can laugh at it.
You know, you can just have, like, wallpaper on the wall with really bad posts from DDR3. Ooh, I'm gonna do that in my game room if I ever get one.
How come you guys didn't do clues this year?
I can't really say.
Okay, that's that. That's all Gamepro's fault.
All Gamepro. I got served. Yeah, that's all Gamepro's fault. Let's go to a call.
Hello, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello, my friend. What's on your mind?
Well, let me see. Just, you know, going through the usual on a Sunday,
me heading out to Long Island to play 2DX and breaking another in the
group machine in the city.
Oh, that reminds me. I have news for you because you were wanting me to come to
the Digital Life Expo, and you're actually not the only person on the East Coast who
wanted me to come out there. I'm having a meeting with my boss next week to negotiate
trying to get the time off to make that happen. I already have a place to stay if I come out
there, so the plan is being set in motion. I was serious last week. I'm going to try
and make it happen, so we'll see. It all depends on it.
If anything, if you're still having problems with, like, you know, finding a place to stay
day for other people, there's this cat named, you know, Sketch on the New York forms. He's
usually very, he usually offers, you know, his apartment for people who are actually
going to be in the tournament. So, don't take my word, I mean, don't say I, you know, don't
say I was, you know, I was, wait a minute, don't say I sent you, but, you know, you want
me to stay at the house of a complete internet stranger. No, but I've already met him. What
What if he rapes me or something? That would be, you would feel bad.
You wouldn't feel anything.
But he's very generous.
I'm teasing, I'm sure this guy's great.
It would just be like you sitting down.
Shut the hell up.
All right.
Can you speak for us about, you know, any more Konami stuff that you might know?
That's unclassified.
classified konami stuff that you might know miklata
uh... unclear
but now many of us for one god damn minute jesus i'd like to do a little
further
any unclassified konami stuff that you can speak up and classified
uh... you know things that will get you fired for your nd a
there's this
well i i i think lunch at like uh...
between one and three
so that's not going to be fired
besides you
well what was that
Who else is making steps besides you?
Sorry, you gotta excuse the retainer.
Can you say that? Who else is making steps on the staff besides you?
I won't name names,
but if you look at the instruction booklet for UltraMix 2,
the names pretty much haven't changed.
Oh, so the same people who did the steps for the last one?
Well, now he didn't say that exactly.
I answered that?
Or we could just assume.
Well, you have to infer from his clues, young man.
Okay. Ooh, I gave a clue. I'm gonna get in trouble. Yes, you are.
Another question. Extreme 2, are the steps going to be horrible?
Just give us a kiss.
Well, are the steps going to be horrible in Extreme 2?
Extreme 2 is really fun, I have to say.
With the exception of the licenses, I mean, with the exception of the songs, you know, the other Konami songs have been there, the licenses.
Like the new stuff.
Are they just going to bomb?
The new shit.
No, they're fun. They're really, really fun.
I just hope they're challenging, too, because I don't want to be forced to make an edit.
Well, have a little face.
Well, nobody's forcing you. You could go play in the groove, and then you could use your hands and your feet and your butt and your head and your neighbor.
Now, now, now, if you want some additional...
Just so you can hit all the arrows.
Wait for the game to come out, Taco, then you can start the shit talking.
If you want some hard stuff, you've got to play the itoys stuff.
Hands and feet mode is where it's friggin' annoying.
I've done enough. I think I've injured my hand just playing in the groove trying to do the holds.
I got a little bruised.
I think I understand what you're getting at, Zaku, because this is kind of the feeling I'm reading on DDR Freak.
This is the general vibe I get on the DDR Freak threads, is that DDR Extreme was a wee bit of a letdown for some fans.
It was just crap. That's it.
No. Extreme was good.
Most of the sexual licenses were crap.
Hold on, Zaku, don't interrupt me. Alright, don't interrupt me.
Does Extreme 2 make up for the things that tick people off about Extreme 1?
First of all, I think those people are whiners.
There's no reason that I thought they were decent steps.
Wait a minute, though.
Zaku cannot be held back on Extreme.
Zaku, I will hang up on you.
Hold on, I'll get back to you in a minute.
Which was the better game last year, Ultra Mix 2 or Extreme?
Ultra Mix 2, everybody knows that.
Okay, well then there you go.
I'm just defending Extreme, because people belittle it because it wasn't the Japanese one.
Oh my god, the steps are too easy because they're not 12s.
I think people were a little harsh on Extreme, but it did have its issues.
Yeah, I know, I know.
I mean, it had...
It was like Maximizer.
Maximizer was cool.
Interface, we all know that that's better now.
I liked Last Year's but whatever.
It's a song list. We've seen more transplants from Extreme, like, you know,
Irasitha Baman, Lago Badevita, all those Extreme songs you wanted are
in Extreme 2, it seems. Cartoon Heroes, hello.
The fact that they nailed, you know,
they nailed Silence was pretty much it. Your phone's ringing.
Yes, I know, so I'm going to wrap this up right now.
Bottom line is this, I just hope Extreme 2 is a lot better than Extreme 2.
It is. Duly noted. Duly noted. I gotta get this called. Alright. Take care, Cool Cat.
Alright.
Go get that phone. Don't be rude.
Alright. I'm trying to read what's going on in the chair room here.
Umm...
Are the steps still gonna suck
because you're working on them?
Oh, burn, yeah.
I have stuff I wasn't proud of too, and I have stuff I'm not proud of and other things.
As long as Konami of Hawaii can learn how to cut songs, you know?
Actually be able to edit them like, I don't know, Skulk, for example?
You know, as much as I thought I hated the edit for Skulk, I don't mind it anymore because
there's... I don't think I'd want to be dancing to, or...
dancing, stepping on arrows to the part where he sings a lot just because I
don't think it would be that fun. Granted, it was the same thing over and over again for the first episode.
I liked the cut of Skulk, so you shut up. Um, alright. Um, damn, now I forgot the
question I was gonna ask. I don't know what it was either. Was it
Meteos-related? Because that's what I'm doing. No, it's not Meteos-related. It's back on extreme.
I'm sorry to make you talk about work. At least I'm not asking you about, you know
I don't know what. What was I going to say about Extreme? Oh, I don't know if you can answer this, so, you know, feel free to tell me you can't if you can't.
But, we all know one of the reasons why people loved UltraMix 2 is because DDR fans, like yourself, and other DDR fans who now work for Konami were responsible for the steps.
Extreme USA didn't have that. Does Extreme 2, now we all are assuming UltraMix 3 has it because you all worked on UltraMix before, does Extreme 2 now have the influence of those same DDR fans?
I really can't say.
I knew that. You just wanted to go back to media.
So online stuff, are we gonna, you know, is online gonna be like pretty neat? Are they gonna do the same stuff they did with UltraMix 2 with Extreme 2?
I can't say. If it's not been the press release, I really can't say anything about that.
It has been in the press release. I just can't remember it.
Yeah, nice try. Don't get him fired.
They're already going to be pissed at him because he's been
whoring up Pump It Up on the server.
Heck yeah, that's all I do. They knew that when they hired me.
They knew I was the pump player.
Well, we'll see. We'll check them out. You know what?
You know the best way to find out? Find a copy of the Extreme 2 manual
and see the credits and see if these guys' names are in them.
And that would be one way to find out. So, we'll see.
Anyway, I don't see any more calls coming in.
Actually, you know, you can also go to mobygames.com.
Credits for UltraMix 2 are listed there to see who worked on it.
If you don't actually have UltraMix 2, which if you don't, well,
you're stupid. Yeah, it was like five bucks at Walmart a couple weeks ago. I saw
some thread on DDR Free.
I think that was a lie.
Was it?
I think that person was just stupid.
Bastard.
As are most people on DDR Freak.
Careful.
Hey.
Hey.
Watch it.
We have our lovely-
I have friends who are at DDR Freak.
They know I love them.
Alright.
We have our lovely rewinds we do over on DDR Freak on Friday nights.
I forgot to pause Meteos.
I died.
That's what you get.
I'm sad.
Don't tell me anything.
Seriously, this show is probably the most we've gotten out of Shane all year, and that's really not that much.
There really hasn't been that much.
We can get more out of him if he is drunk.
Yeah, I know. Anybody got some alcohol?
John, you're here now. Go get him some alcohol.
John's gonna go get him some alcohol.
I'm not drinking tonight. I have work tomorrow.
Alright. You'll be fine.
No, I will punch somebody in the face if I'm hungover.
Didn't you say you were immune to alcohol now?
I say we test it. I say we don't.
I say we do.
Yeah, see, I might have to throw up a lot or something.
Hurry up and call. If you're thinking about calling, now is a good time to call, because
we're moving on to a new segment.
No, we're moving on to a new segment. Anyway, I will fill...
No, please, our chat room is going off enough about that tonight.
I will say this, in case you didn't hear, if you've been living in a cave
somewhere. You just don't give a shit about DDR. I don't know why you're listening to
this program, but you never know. You might be listening to it for our great personalities.
Here are some of the songs that are going to be in DDR Extreme 2. Against All Odds,
As the Rush Comes, Block Rockin' Beats, Boom Boom Dollar KOG Mix, Butterfly Upswing Mix
by smile decay captain jack k o g g three mix what did i say k o g three whatever fine
cartoon heroes not aqua but barbie barbie young barbie young crazy in love wg feet endura
j genie in a bottle nc feet nrg factory featuring featuring that's why i said i don't know you
said feet well that's the way it read on here well you know ddr use your feet shut up get
Get Busy by Sean Paul, I Will Survive, Akira featuring Dallin, In the Heat of the Night,
Erotic, Irresistible Month, Wild Side, La Copa Da Vida, Patrick Victorio, Look At Us,
Daddy GJ Remix, Serena Paris, My My My, Armand Van Helden, Oops I Did It Again, Akira featuring
Susan Z, now notice that's not Rochelle so it's not the fifth mix, Oops I Did It Again,
and hopefully it doesn't suck us bad, Seager can you tell me if it sucks us bad?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I switched your name all of a sudden.
Mikolta, I went on a retro, 2004.
Mikolta, can you tell me if
Oops, I Did It Again is better than the one in Fifth Mix?
Yes, by far.
Alright, good.
Play That Funky Music, WG featuring Tony L.
Pump Up The Volume, M.A.R.R.S.
Silence, the Airscape remix.
Delirium, featuring Sarah McLachlan.
Speed Over Beethoven by Rose.
Spin Spin Sugar, Armand's Dark Garage Mix by The Sneaker Pimps.
Wonderful Night by Fat Boy Slim.
and You Gotta Move It by Yuzo Kishiro
Alright, here's a little clip of Motorcycle with As The Rush Comes, this song also going
to be in DDR Xtreme 2 USA.
Let's see if we can get some vocals here, let me skip to another part of the song.
You know, I think I have this CD.
I could have put this in cage match.
Delirium, of course, God, if you guys haven't heard this song, get out of your cave.
This is the particular remix of Silence that's going to be in DDR.
Should be loads of fun. There's some little clips there for you guys.
Alright, and let's see, if you guys want to look at those sound clips for yourself, I'm going to be so kind as to post a website where those songs are.
So go look them up. And it's actually the full songs, so if you want to listen to them, the full songs are there.
So www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat, and I just posted the link right there if you guys want to check that out.
But don't stop listening to us, because we have the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match to take care of.
Does that sound like a plan?
Sounds like a plan!
Alright, and even Dark Sakura submitted a song to Cagematch tonight, even though she's not here yet.
Alright, the way the Orange Lounge Radio Cagematch works, we're gonna play three songs for you guys, one as chosen by each host of Orange Lounge Radio.
And the winning song will go into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani Music and More program, featuring DDR and video game music all week long.
So, Loki won the cage match last week, and Loki, what was the name of your song?
It was Wipeout Pure. It wasn't Onyx with something. God, I can't remember what the name of the song was.
I'm still looking for it. I gotta find this here somewhere.
I just don't remember. It was a cool song though.
Well, I hope so.
Well, I don't remember the title. I just remember, hey, it's that song from Wipeout, you know?
uh...
but that's not because i can't find it but i think it began with an a
i can't remember uh... every drive by chance to play dole or fuck
or not
search by uh...
modified
they'll pull it up
to delay the night skate match for a little bit you know what we search for
the world but we can talk about the forty four hundred while you do that
because it's really good show this plug this show the really like that
the forty four hundred
is a show on USA. It's about people who were abducted, but it's all fake.
And it was all filmed in the daytime. It was all filmed in the daytime. And it's
just really good. And it's like X-Files meets X-Men, so it's really cool. And I love it,
and I'm crazy addicted to it. And you can go buy the first season on DVD
for $20. Where at?
place that sells that DVD for $20. I got mine at Fry's but I saw it at Suncoast today. It's
still $20 and it's worth it. Not to make fun of, shut up John. It's a really good show.
Here it is. Alright, we finally found it. The name of the song is Onyx. It's by a band
called Cold Storage. Add it backwards. Alright. So here it is, a clip of last week's winner.
Song number one you can vote for tonight. Remember you gotta be in our chatroom if you
You want to vote? This is Cold Storage with Onyx.
All righty, that was song number one in tonight's cage match.
Last week's winner, after having to dig that one up, that was Cold Storage with Onyx.
Will it win for another week in a row?
will find out, but first we have to put it up against two brand new songs. So the second
song in tonight's cage match is going to be my pick. And you guys remember DJ Sammy, he
was really huge a couple years ago with that song Heaven, you know. And it was in DDR Max
2 and everything, so I know you guys know it. Well he has a brand new single out, brand
brand new single, and it's another cover. So guess what song he decided to take a spin
on this time. It's actually an old Annie Lennox song. It's his version of Why, and it's my
My pick for tonight's cage match, song number 2!
How many times do I have to try to tell you That I'm sorry for the things I've done?
But when I start to try to tell you That's when you have to tell me
Hey, this kind of trouble's only just begun
I've known myself too many times, why don't you ever learn to keep your face on the shelf?
That's why I have to bend to the other way
Because falling from your mouth
Falling from your mouth
Falling from your mouth
Tell me why
Why
I'm bending down, maybe blind, maybe viciously uncut
But I can still be what you're thinking
Ah, I've heard it said too many times, you've been better off
Why can't you see, it's just so mistaken, it's just so mistaken
Let's go down to the water bed, so we can catch the waves on the sky
Some things are better than some things
But they still turn me inside out
Turning inside out
Turning inside out
Tell me why
Why
They'll be wild
Wild
This is the book I'll liberate
These are the words I'll never say
This is the path I'll never thread
These are the dreams I'll dream instead
This is the joy that's seldom spent
These are the tears we share
This is the fear, this is the dread
These are the gifts we have sent
This is what they represent
This is how I feel
They can know how I feel
I think you know how I feel
They don't think you know what I feel
The part where she's doing the ad-lib, you know, vocal stuff, you know, not the refrain.
Where she's rapping.
Where she's sorta, I guess, rapping.
That just totally did not work at all.
It was really bad in that sense.
But DJ Sammy needs to make some new songs that are not covers.
Please, please, please.
Or pick some better 80's stuff.
I mean, there's plenty of songs out there, you know.
Personally, I like, you know, Westin Girls, you know, that's a good song.
they did a really cool breakbeat version of it. Awesome. But that wasn't quite awesome.
It was about seven.
Alright. Mikl Tov, what did you think of that one? He's got his own mic. Hand him that one.
Yeah, I didn't really care for this song, because I was playing Meteos. I still, I heard
I've heard it, though, earlier today, and it's okay, but, um...
I'd...
Oh, crap, I forgot to pause!
I give it a four.
Alright, uh, Justin!
I give it a six, because, like Loki, I really was not digging the part where she was just kind of talking the song and not actually singing it, because she apparently can't talk, but she can sing.
Oh, well.
I don't even like Annie Lennox that much. She's like a weird fucking redheaded bitch.
But she's British! I thought you liked that!
You know, I like Imogen or Imogen Heap, because she's cool and British, but Annie Lennox is weird.
I don't know, I didn't like the original song, so I didn't care for this one either.
It's a scale of 1 to 10, is that what it is?
okay one John who your debut on the show John wow this is kind of scary
I was kind of bored with it to be honest I give it a three all right and I
give that song I agree the girl rapping was kind of weird and it doesn't hold a
candle to the Annie Lennox original but it makes me think about the Annie Lennox
original and why I love that redheaded bitch from the Eurydmics so I give it 20
Alright, let's go to the next song.
This is...
You're a red-headed bitch, that's all.
This is Dark Sakura's pick.
She put a song in tonight's cage match, even though she's not here tonight.
She's actually in chat, she just joined the chat room, so you guys can say hi to her over
there.
I think she'll be here in a little while before a podcast.
I think she's supposed to be, anyway.
We'll see.
But she put this song in for you guys.
It's an old favorite.
It's Hamasaki Ayumi with Fly High and it's Hal's 2000 Mix.
So here it is.
You know her.
Ayumi Hamasaki.
What?
What are you shaking your head for over there, low-key?
Let's play the song.
All right.
Let's play the song.
All right.
Here we go.
Ayumi Hamasaki fly high house 2000 mix. Here it is.
I know it best, aren't you?
It's real
If you get tired, I will get yourproof
Even though I do, it'll be for sure
And if Councillor
Me baby, more in love, baby
They can't
Alrighty, that was song number three, Ayumi, the one and only with Fly High, HAL's 2000 mix.
Let's go around and see, on a scale of one to ten, where that song lies for the folks in our studio right now.
Loki.
You know, I want to start off by saying that it was generic trance, but, um...
You're gonna get punched next week.
But, you know what? That was just a clusterfuck of...
Ah! No! No! No! Bad song. Bad. Bad. Bad song.
One. I'm sorry. It was awful.
And then I thought it was gonna end. I was like, oh thank god.
back. It came back and I was like no. Wow. Very very bad. I, you know what, me personally
on, oh and I don't get to go to the last, we gotta go to the same order. Shane, you're
up next. Okay, my first comment when that song was playing and we didn't have microphones
on was, wow, I didn't know Inuyasha was over. It sounds like an anime song that I don't
care about. Um, one, cause I don't understand the love of Japanese singers and how they're
They're so cool, and Ayumi Hamasaki, and...
One.
Alright, well let's see, let's move on.
Justin!
Even though it was a complete clusterfuck of a different, like, it went through rap,
it went through happy J-pop, it went through generic trance, and it went through hard trance,
I still kinda liked it.
So I give it a 7.
Alright.
Xtavor.
Damn those gill sellers.
I got it right that time, right?
Yeah, you did, but that's not the topic.
I'm sorry, the song was so boring.
I love Jamie, so I'm going to give it a 5 just for that.
John!
I'll just say that Loki's song was my favorite.
That's not a number on a scale of 1 to 10.
I'm a first time guest, so there.
That is nice. Just pick a number.
the middle but like not not everything in the middle like the rap in the middle
I didn't like but I liked like the first two minutes around the beginning I like
the last two minutes after the rap so like if we could cut like crop the song
it would be really really good but because it's not cropped I have to give
it like a seven so low-key you have a it sounded like it to the end of a 2d x
song I can't think for life me which Voyager
Big Voyager, okay, yeah, completely ripped those public, I'm sure they're royalty-free samples, they're available on CD somewhere because everybody uses them.
I have some of them, so I know.
Alright, kids, get ready to place those votes. Here's a recap of the three songs you can vote for in tonight's cage match.
Song number one is Cold Storage with Onyx.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is DJ Sami
with his Annie Lennox cover of Why.
And, song number three you can vote for tonight is Hamasaki Ayumi, Fly High, Howl's 2000 mix.
Place, Vote, Now, did you like how I got the big Voyager clip in there?
Place, Vote, Now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
Jamie, I'm already going to tell you, your vote doesn't count. I'm sorry to hear you say it.
Alright.
Hey, you know what? It kind of reminded me, like parts of that Ayumi song reminded me of like a max Ayumi or something like that.
You know, because they have the clips of like some hard techno stuff and then it went back into Ayumi.
It was just kind of weird.
Yeah, it was interesting.
It was interesting.
It was interesting.
Alright, this is the part of the show where I let Loki talk about what's going on in the sim scene.
Well, I'm sure there's something going on with TrinityMix 6, but I haven't checked, so it's going on.
Then there's also the important thing, because we're talking about quality sim files now,
is actually FoodMix 2, they have a date for it now when it's going to be coming out, September 15th.
And they've announced some of the compilations they're going to be pulling from diverse systems stuff to silly walker stuff.
And they're basically, I think they mentioned like D7, which was some really good stuff in there, and then some of the Silly Walker got a mix 3 or something like that. Really good songs.
So, it'll be interesting. I think they said over 50 songs. 50 new songs. So, I can't wait. It looks to be fun and we'll have to check it out on the 15th.
Justin, I know you follow the sim scene a little bit too, is there anything you want
to add?
Because Loki tends to miss things.
Yeah, actually one of my favorite personal sim file authors, the DWI Extreme series just
released one of their new mixes too.
It was DWI Extreme, Glistening to Infinity.
Lame name, I know, but it was actually a really good mix of songs, they have some Latin songs,
They have a bunch of R&B and dance songs, and it's actually a really good mix.
But the thing is, for this specific release, they're actually making it kind of in the
groove style, where they put in a bunch of challenge steps that were like, they range
from fun to bullshit hard, but they turn out a lot better than the stuff the in the groove
people have, so I recommend it.
Oh, and my cell's down still. That's good. Thank you for sharing. Thank you for that update.
They're still dead.
Yes. In related news, Princess Diana is still dead, just in case you were wondering.
Princess Di.
How rude.
And I would have loved to see, you know, the actual, you know how they always have those, like, funny, witty, you know, subject lines, you know, they're always on the newspapers, you know, the wonderful headlines. I wish, you know, there was a newspaper that put Princess Di, you know, D-I-B, yeah, because that'd be cool.
You know, you might be really offending somebody who's listening tonight. But isn't that what we were good at doing?
Well, you know, if I'm offending the princess Di, then they shouldn't, you know, she's probably rolling her grave, you know, hook her up to an alternator. Generate some power that way.
Let's change the subject, shall we?
I, I, some folks still wanted to call in on our Skype line.
So, I'm going to go ahead and open the Skype line back up.
It's available at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Click on interact with us, and you too can join in on the fun here on orangelaungeradio.com.
So I'm going to give them just a couple minutes to get in.
Now's your chance on the Skype line.
In the meantime, I wanted to mention this because Rini linked me to this.
Hold on.
problems getting in a couple minutes to get in that sounds like you know and
Nicole Smith boarding a plane you know it's like come on I'm ready for you
anyway I'm supposed to mention this something that Renee linked me to and I
I think this came off of the DDR Freak forum somehow, and it's basically linked to on Konami of USA's website for Xtreme 2.
There's actually an online user agreement, and you can read all these details, and it's basically the blah blah blah blah blahs about the game.
Well, somewhere in here it mentions in the blah blah blah something about,
This online game does not have any automatic save feature, and therefore will ask you to save your information to a memory card or hard disk drive.
So people are saying like, OMG, this game might have a hard disk drive support on it.
So, I don't know. I tend to think this is just some generic agreement that happens to have Konami's name inserted in there.
But we'll see. Hey, turn down your speakers, buddy, and you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yo, Sky, what's up?
Hey, what's up?
It's Kuwabara.
Hello Kuwabara. I'm hearing myself. Can you turn down your speakers or move the headphones or something?
Sorry, it's a built-in mic. I'm actually five.
Oh. That's alright. Well, give us your thought because I'm hearing myself, so give us your thought and then we'll respond to it.
Thought on what?
Why you're calling in tonight.
I just wanted to call in, just to talk about stuff, I really like 2DX and stuff, just because, you know, I want to change the subject from ITG and DDR, because, you know, it's starting to piss me off.
Okay, well, what is it you want to say that's not ITG, DDR-related?
I don't know, I really love Noria.
You love what?
Noria.
Noria? That's 2DX-related.
I played a Noria song for you last break.
What's the thing you like most about 2DX?
I like 2DX because of the key sounds.
Wouldn't it be sweet if there was a remix mode?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, you better get in your final thought because Jamie's getting pissed at me because I didn't answer her call.
Jinx.
I'm really pissed off because of BBNAUS and stuff because they're just delaying 10th style because of that and I really want 10th style, you know.
Why are you ticked off about BBNAUS?
Because they're delaying 10th style because of it and there are a lot of songs in 10th style that I really want.
Oh, wait. Can you say that?
Can you say that?
Oh, never mind. Okay.
Okay, nevermind. Okay. Well, it's our turn, dammit!
Wait a minute, yeah, I'll do it.
Alright, let me go talk to her, hurry up.
Who says they're- oh crap, that's loud!
Sorry.
Okay, I'll talk really quietly.
Who said that they're delaying temp style because of Beatmania US?
Oh, I just thought it up, because, you know, it makes sense, doesn't it?
Well, don't listen to your brain.
That's something Konami would do, though. It just makes sense.
Why would they do that?
Well, they got a lot of people working there.
That's not a nice thing.
Konami's nice.
Besides, they're working on, they have, you know, the U.S. offices that work on the Mania U.S.,
and then you have the Japanese offices that work on the Mania 2DX.
I don't actually think that's how it's working, but I don't think they're delaying anything.
Don't listen to your brain, you know.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
All right.
Coolabara, I'm gonna go ahead and let you go,
Thank you for calling in, and have a great day, okay?
Echo.
All right.
Later.
Later.
All right.
So, Skypline's still open.
DarkSakura, who's probably ticked off on me, but that's all right.
That guy got in first.
What can I say?
Now you know what it's like to be one of our listeners trying to get in on the Skypline.
If we took a picture just then, we would have an echo image.
OMG, was that a hint?
OMG, was that a clue?
Was that a clue?
Go back to the freak board.
Alright, so just because TenStyle is, um, or I'm sorry, just because, sorry, just because BeatMania US is being worked on doesn't mean that TenStyle is not being worked on.
And it hasn't even been announced yet, so who knows if they're actually even doing it, but the release of a US game would not stop the production of a Japanese game.
Alright, from the man on the inside himself.
Anyway, let's go to our skype line.
Hi, you're on Orangetown's radio.
Hello?
Uh, can you hear me?
Yes, now we can. What's up?
Oh my god, what a day.
This is the one and only Dark Sakura, for those that may not recognize the voice.
This is Dark Sakura, ladies and gentlemen.
Here too, say hi.
Hello.
Hi Dan.
There's a little bit of lag, DarkSakura, so just tell us about your day.
I spent all day at Classic Gaming Expo looking at a bunch of stuff that I wanted to buy,
and I found myself actually put into position of translator for some guy at this booth selling a bunch of Famicon,
and Super Famicon, and Mega Drive games, and PC Engine U-Cards,
cards, and I actually didn't get to go to any of the panels
because I was busy drooling at stuff and looking at the
museum, which actually wasn't as impressive as it was
before, it's just all the same stuff.
But they're going to be taking a year off next year and
coming back in 2007, and hopefully that's going to be
bigger and better.
This year was kind of eh, but I got to meet the guys who run
a retro gaming radio.
Cool.
Who are pretty big.
We actually had a pretty long discussion about Don Bluth.
Oh, okay.
We also, uh, I also got to meet, um,
this person who is
built basically a miniature Nintendo that runs the Famicom and Nintendo games.
I took some pictures of that. They'll be up on the site in a few days.
Is that the same one from E3?
Um, I don't remember because I don't think I saw him at E3. It was
Is it called the Messiah system or something?
Yeah, I think it's the one we played.
That sounds vaguely familiar.
The one I played Duck Hunt.
But I don't remember it supporting Famicom, just the old school Nintendo.
But maybe they wouldn't have been showing that.
It's got a Famicom loader on top, like the Famicom was, and then a front loader for the Nintendo games.
And it also has hookups in back, if you can get a hold of the disc system.
Oh, so you can hook up like an old school Famicom disc system, so you can play like the original, like, oh, what was that game they based?
Doki Doki Panic!
Zelda II was a disc game.
Doki Doki Panic's the one I always think of.
So it was the first one.
Metroid, Kid Icarus.
Zelda II was a disc game?
Excitebike, because it had save. Remember Excitebike?
Excitebike.
Now Doki Doki Panic.
This is what pissed me off about Classic Gaming Expo last year.
Although I had such a great time.
And I had an especially good time watching Dark Sakura run and hit the button on the bathroom wall.
But we won't talk about that again.
One thing that kind of ticked me off about Classic Gaming Expo last year was that there were not a lot of actual classic arcade games. Did they fix that this year, or another disappointment?
The whole reason behind that, and it makes a lot of sense, is... What's the name of that thing called, Dan?
California Xtreme.
California Xtreme, where they... That's basically replacing all of the big, massive arcade of retro games.
They had more games this year and almost all of them worked.
They had a millipede, mousetrap, gorf, tempest.
Dude, mousetrap is awesome.
Dude, that's why I love my Colecovision.
The mousetrap and gorf.
Gorf? Who plays gorf?
Dude, gorf was my favorite game when the Colecovision was out.
I was a master at gorf and space fury.
worked on, I think, a ColecoVision emulator for either the DS or the PSP.
Really? Yes. Oh, that's kind of cool. Very cool.
So, what was probably the worst thing
in your opinion about Classic Gaming Expo, something you needed improving on?
It just felt kind of empty. What?
Dan said it was dinky. Well, it was a different hotel this year, right?
Yeah, it was at the Hyatt and Burlingame.
We were actually in San Francisco, I think.
But there were people there who heard of us.
But I made some contacts, we will be having more on that in the future once I've got something official going on.
For the people who were there, they were the folks that were really into it. Oh, by the way, there was a new Lego sculpture.
Of what?
Pac-Man. I took a picture.
Oh, that's cool.
And for the Moby Games thing, Dan got placed number four and got me a T-shirt.
Oh, cool. Cool.
For the whole show.
Oh, wow.
For the whole show.
For what game?
We have to name the screenshot.
Oh, I remember that thing. Okay. I remember that. I remember that.
What was the contest they had last year where we all had to play the Stampede on Atari?
Did they do something like that again this year?
I think that there was some type of game going on on like a widescreen.
One thing, Rob, I think that you'll get a kick out of in the museum room.
They had a Jaguar hooked up onto their projector, and it was Tempest X, which was Tempest 2000.
Yes, 8-Bit Weapon was back. Unfortunately, I was sort of out of cash because somebody found the core graphics in Strider on the PC Engine Duo.
So I would have picked up one of their CDs, but I think I still got their card from last year. I meant to contact them.
And there's also another person there just playing a bunch of game music on a keyboard.
Oh, that's kind of cool. Just like a bum or somebody who was actually led into the show and doing all this stuff.
No, just somebody who was part of the show.
That's cool.
There was also, for the people who were there, the Atari people were back, of course Moby Games, the Intellivision folks were there.
Still whoring out that Intellivision collection from like three years ago?
Yep. There's also a couple guys there who were selling MVS cartridges. For anyone who doesn't know, the MVS cartridges are the Neo Geo games and homemade JAMA units to play them on.
And sell them like, you know, a-
Whoa. Whoa, whoa.
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, Jamie, hold up, hold up. Jamie, your voice went like crazy there for a minute.
You sounded like an evil lord, a demon.
From like, from like an Atari 2600 game.
We gotta save that clip for the next intro.
That was crazy.
Start over again with that paragraph, Jamie.
Okay, um I there who the selling a basically anything any see practically it was a
Duo our door our duo our ex core graphics a bunch of turbo graphics
turbo turbo duo games
PC engine duo games arcade cards you name it. He had a bunch of good stuff. We picked up like five HuCard games
mm-hmm
But his other main thing though is that he, he mods consoles, he actually has basically regionless duo that'll sell, because the one thing is that the duo, the CD will read any region and has no problem with replicas, however the cards themselves are not universal and there's not any real good adapter, but he's got, he's modded a universal system for it.
And he does video mods, super guns, jamma units. He actually has made this really tiny jamma unit for MVS cartridges.
Oh, cool.
I don't know if an explanation of those came through, but the MVS cartridges are the Neo Geo games.
Huh.
I had wished that there were, you know, the modified cartridges to play on the AVS systems.
Hmm.
Yeah, sorry. Dan's over here correcting me.
Okay.
Also, again, the television people were there, like I said. The people with the massive Atari stuff were there. Expensive Lynx games, oh my god.
But the booth that I liked the best, I'd have to say, was the guy from Japan just selling stuff.
Oh, there's just a random guy from Japan selling stuff?
He was selling Famicon, Super Nintendo, um, cue cards, um, all kinds of stuff that were like five games for ten dollars.
So I picked up Final Fantasy II on the Famicon, uh, Mappy Land in the box on the Famicon, Final Fantasy V for Super Famicon, Puyo Puyo for the Mega Drive, and, uh, Legend of the Valkyrie for PC Engine.
that was ten bucks for all that
ten dollars you can make a killing for them and i think you
and i had a price tag of twenty dollars on it
well you can make a killing for them on ebay
yeah but i actually want to play it
all right we'll see
who knows maybe i'll get you know
fed up in one of those will become a prize for one of our loyal listeners
ooh that'll be cool all right sounds good
stop teasing him
Alright, well we're going to go ahead and we'll hear more about Classic Amy Exwell on this week's podcast.
Can I hang up on me?
I'm not going to hang up on you, but we have to get to the FUs of the week and the other stuff too in a break.
Hello?
Because I really got to go to the bathroom.
That was crap.
No, it's still...
Hello? Are you even listening to me? Hello?
Is she there?
Hello?
Whoa, hi.
Whoa, she went into evil warlord voice there again for a minute.
Anything else you want to say to the listeners before we go?
Um, words.
All right.
Lobster.
All right, have a good one, DarkSockGirl. We'll see you back for the podcast.
Reject false icons.
Later. Bye.
She beat me to the hang-up button.
I like that.
Yeah, that was weird.
Like, when she was, I am the evil Lord Satan.
Like, that was really scary.
out all right anyway we're gonna go to a break because I have to pee and then
when we come back from this break we'll announce tonight's cage match winner and
we'll get into the FUs of the week as well so start oh we're gonna do just
bimani potpourri this break even some one of the bimani music in this break
because I'm gonna get to that request that I screwed up last week in this
So we'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio after this.
I'll just get a good one
Good and bad, bad, bad, bad, bad
Let me go, let me go, let me go
Uhh...
I'm sick, dream of a life
I still have no life
I'm sick
Uhh...
I'm sick
Uhh...
Uhh...
Uhh...
Uhh...
Uhh...
Uhh...
Uhh...
Oh
Can't be alone
You don't have to believe in a Hollywood girl
But it's all solid policies
You wanted to do, so you have got this
And you know that
You wanted to lose in a Hollywood town
To be a soul that you always need
But I can't listen to my own words tonight
I'm just watching you and I'm sad
So I don't mind that I made a start
To you everywhere I thought you were all right
You are the sky
I'm just watching you and I'm sad
You're everything you think I am
Everything you think I am
I can't believe that I'm hiding
I need a part of you on my own
I will leave you and leave you
Though you would last me the most
I'm not the kind that I need to stay
I'm falling down
I am the Roma, six-legged Roma,
Lived until the captain keeps the streets away.
I'm Romeo, Juliet.
I'm Romeo, Juliet.
I'm Romeo, Juliet.
I'm Romeo, Juliet.
I'll scream for you, right to heaven.
And time was made for passion
The only thing I know is faith
And fear is a distraction
Fear is a distraction
I am a robot
I found this strange attraction
It was made for you, my dear
It was made for my show
The only thing I know is that
I could use that inspiration
To use that inspiration
Why, why did you have to go away?
It's always hard to say
It keeps on going over, over you
Tell me was it really true romance
Or just fantasy
If you believe what we're still through
You're hanging out with someone new
Still you're in my heart baby
It's my heart, always in my heart
You never leave my heart
Tell me, tell you in my heart, beat down in my heart
Fill me with ecstasy
Oh baby, no baby
Can't take you down
Was it just a fantasy?
What I've done to feel your reality?
Oh baby, can't you just see
Then I can't go on, leave it without you
Till, till you rip my heart, never leave my heart
Now it's forevermore
Till, till you rip my heart, always in my heart
When will I ever be free?
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Noooooo!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Vivani radio.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and in that break you heard Naoki was still in
my heart, and Nina from In the Groove, Romeo and Juliet.
juliet what uh... murmur twins a guitar makes from pop music and love is
dreaminess 2d x six style
welcome back to orange long trail this is weird now suddenly loki and i are
sitting in the room by herself like all of our guests abandon us like all at once
i know i think me click off an extra for went to taco bell
and
cuz i don't eat taco bell so i won't take me click on their uh... and then
what we have uh...
john and justin went in the front room to go watch television because i guess
that's more interesting than the show. No, there's a certain show that John has to watch
every week, and I'm sure a lot of you out there are no different, although you folks
should consider investing in a VCR or TiVo or something.
I was reading here about Dancing Stage Max.
What's up with Dancing Stage Max? I know there was a little news on Dancing Stage Max this
week, so what's up with that?
There's a bit more now because they've made it some games convention or whatever. It was
In Europe, they've got some more stuff.
They have songs by the artists V, Hip2Hip.
Then they have this group, The Jam, Going Underground,
Sugar Babes with In The Middle, Sophie Ellis
Beckster with Mixed Up World, Labelle with Lady Marmalade.
Wait, like Patti Labelle?
No, she never sang that song, though, did she?
It says Labelle.
I am just telling you what it says.
Who sang that song originally?
Adam Ant with Goody Two Shoes.
Oh, that's kind of interesting.
Franz Ferdinand with Michael.
Natasha Bedingfield with These Words.
I love this song. Hold on, I have a clip of this song.
I love this song.
And it will have the video from what I understand.
The
You know they're going to hoard that Do Do Do thing
in the shelves or something.
Al Kazzar with This is the World We Live In. Fat Boy Slim with Wonderful Night
Naoto Suzuki featuring Martha
the pole of a vision dances and choruses.
from Ozz. Yuzo Koshiro, You Gotta Move It.
Steps, you might remember them from Kajidi
Yeah.
Tragedy. No, I was thinking of Sepp's with, um,
was it five, six, seven, eight? I just know their song Tragedy because my,
my, now, I've, you know, I'm a gay guy myself, so I don't make fun of other gay guys
very often, but I used to live with a
flaming homosexual, okay? Flaming homosexual, love him to death, he was a
flaming homosexual, and he used to listen to that song and do the little dance and everything with his solo.
Um, Chain Reaction, Christina Milan with Dip It Low,
Awesome.
Dip it low.
Dip it, dip it low.
I like my gallows.
Vic Reeves with Dizzy, Mile with Drop the Pressure, Daniel Bedingfield with Friday,
and Carl Douglas with Kung Fu Fighting.
Yes.
And then they've got some more here.
Looks like in the demo or the preliminary song list they mentioned these words, Natasha
Bedingfield, Michael, Franz Bernett, in the middle Sugar Babes, Goody Two Shoes, Adam
My question about You Sexy Thing, is it that song they always hear in the commercial, you sexy, sexy thing, you sexy, because that would be horrible.
So, that's what we've got there. Yeah.
All right. Sounds good. Thank you for that update on what's going on over there.
Oh, and of course, you know, Dancing Stage Mario Mix is coming.
Yeah, you know, DDR with Mario is a game we haven't really talked about a whole lot lately.
I know it came out in Japan to this big...not...the DDR fans, anyway, in America, really.
You know, people usually import their DDRs from Japan, but I haven't really heard of anybody importing Mario.
So nobody's really been going crazy over it. How do you think that game's going to do over here?
I haven't really heard a lot of buzz about this game.
I don't know.
And GameCube's a sinking ship right now, especially after...
Please Nintendo fanboys, don't start flaming me because I love Nintendo dearly.
I love Nintendo.
But they fucked up that Zelda thing.
Come on, pushing back Zelda to 2006, come on.
It was pretty dumb.
They fucked that up.
So a lot of people are just like done with Nintendo for right now.
In fact, if you're running, if you look at the poll right now going on at orangeonsrader.com, I don't think the Nintendo screwed up result is winning, but a significant amount of people have been answering that, that way, so it's kind of, um, I don't know, interesting.
Yeah.
I don't know. Uh, really, you know, speaking on the rental side of things, nobody carries the GameCube anymore. Nobody.
The stuff they release for it, it's really kid-based games like Mario Superstar Baseball or Mario Strikers, which is coming out because everybody loves soccer or football, however you want to call it.
But, um, just, I don't know.
Of course, I've got the mandatory, fuck you, Sky, you hate Nintendo and I hate you, coming from the chatroom. I don't hate Nintendo.
I have not stopped playing Meteos for, like, the past two months.
I have... I have a huge... I'm squeening like a little girl over Nintendogs, which is coming
out Tuesday.
I don't even freaking like dogs that much. I've never owned a dog in my life. The only
dog I ever liked was my grandma's Dash Hunt. But I am buying Nintendogs because I'll be
damned if that wasn't the cutest game I've seen in, like, five years. So don't tell me
I hate Nintendo. I love Nintendo. They just... they really fucked up Zelda. They really,
really fucked that up.
Really? And, uh, this whole thing with the revolution, we still haven't heard shit about it, and they're even talking about me releasing it the fall of 2006. Wow, that's not gonna fucking suck. Unless it's, like, super revolutionary, which I highly doubt that. But we'll see.
Who wants to see the
winner of tonight's cage match? You want to know tonight's weiner
for the tonight's cage match? He's not the only other person in here.
There were a freaking ton of votes in tonight's cage match.
Ton of votes. Not a single vote for DJ Sammy, which pisses me the fuck off.
So next week you are getting another
booty song. You're getting something along the lines of Camel Toe
or what was another booty song I put in? Milkshake?
Milkshake? Put it in my mouth? All those songs I've put in KJ Smash 4, you're getting another one of those next week
because I'm pissed off that not a single person voted for DJ Sammy.
Suck it. So anyway, it came down to the other two songs. It was actually very, very close.
A lot of votes, but a couple votes did sway it
towards a two-week win
for Cold Storage with Onyx.
I should put my backup songs in more often.
Two weeks winning their cold storage with Onyx.
Congratulations, Loki, you bastard.
I don't have to pick a song next week. That's reward enough for me.
So next week you get a booty song from me because I'm pissed.
And I'm sure DarkSakura's not happy either, so she'll dig into her archives of...
...nerd music and find something.
How else do you explain MC Chris? That's his nerd music.
Nobody else gets MC Chris, but nerds. So, I'm calling her music nerd music, but with love and respect, of course.
Alright. Anyway, we're going to get into the FUs of the week. It's that time of the show where we get a little bit angsty, and we do the FUs of the week.
of the week. So, this is the part where I would usually ask DarkStalker, why is it that
we do the FUs every single week? And typically she would give us an answer, something along
the lines of grr, argh. Alright, as a reminder boys and girls, if you have an FU of the week
want to send in, you can submit us an F.U. by joining our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com,
and clicking on chat, and you can send me a private message, and we will read your F.U.s,
but may I take this opportunity, since Jamie isn't here to fill this space right now, to
give you guys some reminders.
We do not give F.U.s of a personal nature, unless it's like mom, dad, because we've all
been angsty teens.
We do those, and if it's somebody we don't know, but if you're flaming somebody in the community specifically, we usually don't like that unless it's like Jack Thompson or something.
Or me.
We all hate him. Or Loki. We let you flame Loki.
But we don't like to flame people that aren't here to defend themselves, so those are always off limits.
And, uh, no racist FUs, unless they're really funny.
Because that's the only time we'll let them in, is if they're really funny.
Alright, let's see, actually I have a private message from DarkSakura, so maybe she does have some FUs.
Here we go, she would like to say, Fuck my hip hurting!
And fuck the speed limit, which I broke by at least 20 miles.
And fuck not buying a Duo RX.
So those are DarkSakura's FUs of the week. I think she's still typing.
Oh no, here's another one.
And lastly, I'm waiting for this, DarkSakura's last FU.
FU did the internet being slow, and FU did the big buffer, the 30 seconds between when we talk and when you guys actually hear it.
We're waiting. Oh, she's typing a big, long sentence here because it's taken a while to get it.
We'll just enjoy the Silent Hill 2 music here for a little bit.
Ah, here it is. Fuck being jacked up on Vicodin and unable to drive.
And Dark Sakura? Yes, the Coleco emulator was on the DS.
It was alright.
Now it's time for Loki's FUs!
You know, I really have one that sticks pretty strong with me.
Um, there was this fucking white trash, I don't even know what you would call them,
driving this piece of shit car that was smoking like L.A., you know?
Just driving down the street, nearly trying to hit my car as he's weaving through traffic.
And then the fucker stops in the middle of the fucking road just stops
So I'm sitting there going
Because the fucking they flips me off
So then he finally turns the you know pulls over and then I flip him off and honk my horn in make you know
You know comments like fucking get off the road you piece of shit, you know stuff like that our listeners speakers. Thank you for that
Well, they had to you have to understand that I was yelling very loud
So, y'know, I was trying to convey that, because I said, y'know, I yelled, y'know, you fucking piece of shit, it doesn't quite, y'know, the same effect.
Anyways, um, and then fuck you too, the fact that I've still got drive, I have my fiance around everywhere, because that kinda sucks, and um, I still need a picture of me doing this show for a stupid magazine thing.
I found all my batteries, I can take a picture.
Okay, cool!
Yes, alright.
That's all I have.
We'll pose pictures later.
I'm just fucking to Jack Thompson because it's fun to say that.
Alright.
My turn.
I would like to give a big F.U. to getting sick and an F.U. to Southwest Airlines for their little hotbeds of viruses they call airplanes
and the fact that I caught a sinus infection and F you to the fact that I
didn't go to the doctor for a few days
and F you to my allergy to amoxicillin because apparently amoxicillin is the
best thing to take for this stuff
but if I take amoxicillin I break out in a big rash and I look like
freaky rash boy so I can't... Stop laughing!
Why are you laughing at that? Why do you show up at the next DDR tournament as freaky rash boy?
No, because they say if I do that too much I might die so I can't take
penicillin like ever. Okay, a really good tournament then.
Anyway, so, an F.U. to the nasal spray I have being a brand copay because brands are more
expensive than generics.
And that's it, that's all my F.U.s of the week, I'm really not that angry, because I've
been sick all week, I haven't had time to get angry.
So we're gonna go to Justin!
Hello, uh, hmm, what can I say, oh yeah!
My F.U.s are kinda tied in to Jamie's oddly, uh, F.U. to my hip hurting, because I have
a hit problem and it really has been hurting for like a month now and I don't know what
to do. Um, and also tied into Jamie F U to female drivers because they keep trying to
hit me when I'm on the freeway and that's kind of annoying. Now, uh, I can understand
if you need to get somewhere fast, but don't go in the slow lane, keep in the fast lane
and stay there please. Had one driving today, doing her hair and makeup while driving. Oh
Oh my god.
Fucking suck.
My friend keeps on, uh, as soon as she's trying to go to school in the morning, she always
takes like a left turn, and every single day the same woman cuts her off so she can do
her makeup.
It's ridiculous.
And that's about it.
Oh wow, Mikolatov gets back just in time from Taco Bell to give his FUs the week.
Okay, I want music.
This is a music cover.
This is your music.
What is it?
It's Help Me, Dr. Dick by Erotic.
I used to have, like, an actual almost music that you would play.
Really? What do you want?
It was in a karaoke song.
Oh, put the new one from, um, Happy Sky, the one that's in French.
Jesus Christ, what's the name of it?
Or you'll get an F.U.
Just, like, Tom, Piz, Sport, I don't know how to say it.
How about you just do your F.U.s and stop fighting like a little bitch?
Because that's my F.U.
It's for us.
Okay, anyway, I don't really care.
Um...
Oh, this is Twin Amadeus.
Sorry.
Oh, whatever.
You get this. Deal with it.
Want to be funny if I don't have any FUs?
FU to Medios for being way too addictive.
FU
to
pump it up
for PS2 because
unlocking songs is way too hard to do on that game.
FU to work, because I hate you.
And... that's about it.
But I have an interesting little story real quick.
We went to Taco Bell and the guy was there, and he's actually hot.
The drive-thru guy.
And his name's on the receipt, but there's five names, so I don't know which one he is.
He could be Christine.
Fag.
Or Oleg, or Freddy, or Tim.
But probably Christine.
And F you to MeekleTalk for not offering to pick me up a pizza.
Because that's the only thing I like at Taco Bell, is Pizza Hut.
You didn't... You should have said something.
Nah, I'm just kidding. It's alright.
Alright.
Let's go to the next FUs, which will be the ones from our chat room.
Yay.
Dark Knight would like to say,
An FU to gas prices.
Quote The Dark Knight Nevermore.
Oh, but FU to work and being broke as hell.
Misty would like to say,
A private message to me.
That wasn't an FU. Sorry guys.
Oh wait, no, there it is. I'm sorry.
I didn't recognize it because it didn't start with FU2.
It says,
You people should be lucky that I'm not so angsty because I went to Six Flags today.
FU to the max too at Six Flags having dusty ass pads.
Thank Leetness I managed to own a minute with 29 greats and one miss in sandals even.
Breenie says,
An FU to learning to drive.
Enough said. An FU to all the IRC chat users who want us to stop advertising that one channel.
it
with acknowledging it which channel take every inside joke from the past five
episodes of orders on radio combine it in the one name and that's the name of
the channel
well so
oregon trail
asshole what else at all of it
to mirror and by the way the whole chair of the state at the end of the song but
you just feel
Jamiro says, F you to school starting in about three days.
Oh, and Jack Thompson because MPQ said so.
And Spider Stomp.
Sakurina says, F you to myself for whoring old jokes in the chat room.
And F you to Jack Thompson because MPQ said so.
And F you to someone for making Sakurina is pissed.
Oops, I advertised that channel, sorry.
Yay, somebody in the chat room said, I heart this song.
I heart it too, thank you.
Alright, lesson to Zaku says, F you to this being my last week at home before having to move back to campus next Sunday, F you to being broke and being jobless for almost nine months, F you to not having enough time to hang out with other fellow DDR players every time I go to Chinatown Fair, a DDR in the Groove 2 arcade in Chinatown in New York City, and F you to having to wear a retainer after my braces were removed last week. They hurt like hell and I can't speak in them clearly. In them.
Kuwabara says, F you to Noria for making such a sexy video to Sylvia Drive, I can't pass
the fucking song.
Goggle says, not Google, but Goggle says, I would like to say F you to US News college
rankings.
They really don't mean anything, but all the overachieving, pushy parents flock to the
top ones and crowd up the tours so I can't hear anything.
Tomokun would like to say, fuck starting school soon.
People I don't know taking pictures of me playing Para Para dancing
and fuck a certain thread in the Midwest forum.
Fuck fuck!
Dark Knight wants to give one more FU.
Oh, and a major FU to some local buttwads that go nuts when they have a laptop sale
on an old-ass school
uses iBooks because of this many people got hurt by the idiots.
I heard about the iBook stampede. It's crazy, there was only an iBook stamp for $50.
and I giggled. You would. By the way, I haven't heard anyone use the term
buttwads in like years.
That's great. Thank you. Ask Orange Lounge when we come back from this quick break
featuring more Erotic. No, just kidding, cause I'll get beat up if we actually do that.
I already played Erotic. Erotic fans, I already played it this show.
How about something with Tar Freaks? I like guitar freaks. Guitar freaks is cool.
So we're gonna do some of that and when we come back we will
we'll do some Ask Orange Lounge. We're just going to do a couple songs here. We'll start
it off with a little bit of Jet Coaster Girl, and we'll be back with more Orange Lounge
to Ask Orange Lounge. Send in your questions right now.
Don't you know, don't you know I've been waiting for you
Don't you know baby you'll just turn up right all the time
Can't you see, can't you see I've been waiting for you
See, baby, you just might have lied all the time
So now with thunder, I wasn't free
All I wanted was attention
Party after party, beauty and money
We were so desperate for perfection
But you have made me feel so good
As if I could be closer to you
I close my eyes
In your arms like it's never okay
With...you
Don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby
You're just gonna crime on time
Can't you see, can't you see
I've been waiting for you
Can't you see, baby
You're just gonna crime on time
Don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby, you should start off right on time
Can't you see, can't you see, I've been waiting for you
Can't you see, baby, you should start off right on time
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, you know what time it is, kids.
Time for the next segment.
Let's bring it on.
Let's ask OrangeLounge some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on OrangeLounge Radio?
One thing I will tell you, even though nobody asked, is that now Miklotov made this room
smell like Taco Bell.
Thanks a lot for that, because Taco Bell makes me sick.
You're welcome.
All right.
Participating in tonight's Ask OrangeLounge, myself, Loki, and Miklotov, everybody else
left the room for better things I guess. Alright, we're going to start off with Tomo Koon who
has a question. Do you have any high school freshman tips? Lame question, lolololol. High
school freshman. God, that was, I don't even want to think about how long ago that was
for me. It dates me very badly. Wow. Um. High school freshman. You know, just make sure
you don't fuck up and go to the wrong classes. That's pretty much, I was always worried about
coming to the wrong classes. Get your schedule, you know, ahead of time. Just, you know, because
In my situation where I had it was, my junior high split up into two different high schools,
so some of my friends weren't there and some of them were new, so, you know, find your
friends, um, just, you know, it's not gonna be that much different than junior high, really.
And don't, who cares a shit about the upperclassmen, because if they're still picking on you, that's
retarded.
Yeah, the upperclassmen hazing thing is so, like, 1970, because every school now has the
anti-hazing rules, so it's nothing, even when I went to high school, which was quite some
time ago. They didn't have a problem with that. So, you know what? Just be yourself.
Don't try to be something you're not. I wish I could tell every high schooler in the world
that, just be yourself and who cares what other people think. Who cares?
And really, when you think about it now, when you get out of high school and stuff, you
look back on it and you're just like, who cares? You know, like, if people didn't like
you for some reason you don't care all you all you look back on is the things
that you didn't do that you wish you had that's basically it okay to completely
countered cutter you know belittle everything they just said establish your
popularity right away I'm serious it really helps no just I mean yeah be
yourself and all that but find a cool group to hang with and don't say
anything stupid and seriously don't give a shit what anybody thinks of you
because there will be people that will make fun of you.
Who cares? When it comes to college,
they're gonna be junkies anyway, so just don't pay them any attention.
It just makes your high school experience better, yeah. It doesn't matter in the long run, but
I don't know. The only people you can make fun of are the stupid people.
Not the retarded people, because they can't help it, but stupid people. Every click
serves its purpose.
We gotta move on. We got a ton of questions tonight. I begged twice and I got like
My question is someone to please describe Quest Mode in UltraMix 3 if they've played it at E3.
Shane probably can't really say anything about Quest Mode.
Super deformed characters.
Yeah, the characters are like the giant heads.
Basically you move across the capitals of the United States starting in Sacramento.
Thank you very much.
I think it costs points to move around the map and you earn points by playing the song in the city.
Was it like a challenge that you had to do or something?
Hey, guess what? Quest mode kind of changed since E3.
Did it? Can you tell us anything new about it?
No, you can continue though because it follows the same basic principle you're talking about.
So you earn points by playing the song in the city and then you can move around the map.
Can you pick up more players as you go?
I think so, yeah. Pick up more players. I'm assuming that this is going to be how a shitload of things unlock in Ultimix 3, or however many.
I think the goal is to ultimately conquer all 50 states. Or maybe it's just 48 continental, I don't know.
That's where you're wrong.
Oh, really?
It's around the world.
That's where you're wrong.
Canada? Mexico? Oh god, do you have to go to Mexico?
I hope not.
I think I'll play DDR in Mexico. It's pumping up there.
Yeah, it actually is.
Alright, let's see. So you can't tell us anything about what might have changed? Not anything?
I really can't. It's just, it's not that big a difference, but there are some subtle changes to it.
Alright, we'll see. Alright, Rini also wants to know...
Oh, you will see.
Rini wants to know, oh, and when are you guys going to do some online UltraMix 2 tournament?
Um, that's a good idea. Sometime before Ultimix 3, um, in the next couple months when we stop being lazy, we're trying to plan a real DDR tournament, um, and I'm trying to go to the tournament, um, back east as well.
Um, it shouldn't be that hard. We'll maybe start a forum, or a thread in the forums and see if there's enough interest in it, because last time we tried to do it, like, nobody wanted to play.
So, we will see.
Um, we'll post a thread in the forums and see what we get out of that.
Sakurino wants to know, what is the official release date for Extreme 2?
I'll field that one.
It's September, I want to say
27th. That might be the 26th.
I know it's the last week of September.
Sakurino also wants to know, does Konami of America plan on releasing Dancing Stage
featuring System of a Down anytime soon?
I will go ahead and answer that question. No.
I'll answer it too. No.
Anyways, it's like they knew I'd like the game later and killed it off just to get me even more pissed when they started attacking in the groove.
It's the same reason why Billy Ray Cyrus doesn't make any more music. It's because it's not popular anymore.
Even though there's a lot of sarcasm there, there is some truth. From what I understand, Para Para kinda went downhill in Japan for a little while.
Yeah, it was a fad. That's all it was.
But it seems like it's still going on. I mean, you still see Eurobeats big with Initial D and stuff. I have a hard time believing it's dead altogether.
dead altogether. So, I guess here it is. Why did Keyboard Mania stop? Why did Dance Maniac
stop? Why did any of those great Bomani series that we don't come to love until long after
they stopped stop because they didn't make enough money? They didn't sell enough machines?
The end. That's the reason. Infer what you want about the culture and the pop thing.
If it didn't make money, that's why it didn't continue. But then again, DDR was making
No money, but whatever. Whatever. We could argue about that until we're blue in the face.
Legend of Zaku says, hmm, I wonder what surprises wait for us on the song list for Ultra Mix 3.
Well, if we told you Zaku, they wouldn't be a surprise.
Also, is it just me, or is My My My from EX2 a damn good song to freestyle to?
I'm white, therefore I can't freestyle.
It's just a good song. It's one of my favorites, that's for sure.
The background cracks me up, too.
Initial D? Okay, Jamie's yelling at me in the chatroom because she's saying Initial D is old. Yes, but there's that new movie, right? Isn't that movie that just came out new?
I think so. Yeah, it's pretty new.
It's still a thing. It's still its thing.
It's still doing well over here, too. I mean, because obviously, unless you import the fan subs or whatever, you know.
Legend of Zaku said this one's for Miklatov. Will Quest Mode make stops at New York City or the East Coast?
He can't really answer questions about Quest Mode because he's under NDA.
I will answer it, though. From what I saw at E3, it looks like you were stopping in the capital of every state.
So you wouldn't stop in New York City, but Albany.
Ooh, somebody knows their capital.
Right, I do. I know my Animaniacs song.
That is the city on the East Coast. All the East Coast cities, I'm assuming from the E3, because Shane can't clarify one way or the other, are represented somehow.
And that's the challenging part. So the East Coast will be the challenging part, because it's all the way on the other side from where you start.
DarkSakura says,
Why the fuck does Southern Style iced tea taste so heavenly?
I don't know. You know what? I was gonna have iced tea at a Cracker Barrel, which
is as close to Southern Style as I'll get,
but I didn't get the chance to do that while I was
visiting the East Coast. I have a question for her. Why aren't you here supporting
Pump It Up?
She can't because of her... she was at Classic Gimmi Expo and she hurt her hip.
Yeah, but you know what? And she was partially turned into an evil warlord.
That was really cool. She was already an evil warlord. That is going in the next intro, that's for sure.
Smack Man would like to know,
why do only the crappy songs
get stuck in your head?
Because you listen to bad music.
That's a very good question. It's just Murphy's Law that bad songs are going to get stuck in your head.
And I don't know, you know, it's just a fact of life, so I leave you with this.
This is a good song!
Enjoy, courtesy of Orange Lawn's Radio.
Uhh, Spirit Snare.
Question, do you get to kill Naoki as an extra stage in quest mode?
I will answer that question, no you do not.
I don't work for Konami, and I haven't seen the game outside of E3, but I just know the answer is no, I'm sorry to say.
But it changed since E3.
Let's see.
Addendum. Do you get to kill Jack Thompson as a one more extra stage in quest mode?
I will also answer that question. No, you do not. Sorry to say.
And, Konami, could you confirm that? Our Konami rep?
I hate him as much as you guys do, but he provides entertainment for the morning every day for me because he always says something new and stupid, so I don't want him dead. I don't want him to shut up. So please quit trying to kill him.
Guys, there's plenty more games for him to be angry over, you know, come fall.
Yeah, so, I mean, we've just hit the tip of the iceberg. It's gonna get a lot better, I'm sure.
I don't know, when Titanic hit the tip of the iceberg, it didn't get much better.
It's almost like the living room had heard that joke.
God, sometimes I wish we were a TV show, seriously.
Anyway, we gotta start wrapping up the show. However, there's one more question,
Why doesn't Konami bring back Hold Notes and Scratches in Beatmania 2DX?
In Five Key, they did like a hold note where you would have to consistently turn the note.
Oh, I thought that was a freestyle note. I thought I was just like scratching randomly.
You know, I would...
No wonder I didn't do it right, I guess.
You know what, Rene? This is what I would have to say to that.
As far as Konami of Japan, I couldn't tell you, but look at this.
Beatmania Five Key songs are making its way into the U.S.
And you can already see the Konami U.S. is doing its own thing with Beatmania.
beat mania like they have the balls to change the interface for one to a new
color
granted it's just a new color but it's
something
uh... also happy sky difficulty names
yes and rumor is that uh... the controllers are to be different knows
it's like a rumor you know it's confirmed it in a there in an interview
on like
i think game spot
they have the rounded edges and they address the button though super thought
that was
something that
And also, I'm hoping that they bring actual hold keys, for example, like in Keyboard Mania or in Easy To DJ. That would be awesome if they implemented that later on.
So I would say probably not this mix, but they're going to want to have things later on that kind of make their mixes like, ooh, it's the new thing in this mix. Don't count it out for the U.S. mixes. I would say don't count it out for the U.S. later mixes.
So long as you guys support it and buy it, because I mean, if it tanks, we'll fawn you.
I'm at least buying a controller to replace my old one.
Because I'm excited about the idea of the new controller, so we'll see.
Alright, it's time to wrap up tonight's show. We're going to go around and get everybody...
Oh, I'm sorry, we have one more question. I totally skipped Tomo-kun's second question.
Why is it that the Dirty Sex Line commercials show up on broadcast airwaves at night?
What's wrong with having them during the day?
Because six-year-old children who don't know any better would call them, who are channel surfing because their parents leave the televisions to babysit them.
And then blame TV.
Yep.
All right, that's going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to and supporting us, we appreciate it.
Don't forget, we also have a live show on Tuesday night that's Pump Up the Volume with the one and only Dark Sakura.
And I will be bringing a show back very soon. I know I've said that for like the past seven weeks
But I got very sick this week. So that's why I didn't do it. But maybe this next week and
You know more exciting stuff coming to Orange Lounge radio
also the podcast you got we have
An unbelievable amount of listeners on the podcast. Thank you guys so much for your support of podcasts. It's crazy
We're also working on something for those PSP owners out there. Oh, that's gonna be great
So we're hoping to have a breakthrough on that being the first
first online station to have something like that. So we'll see. Anyway, thank you guys
for your support. We appreciate you. Love you. Final thought time. Miklotov, thanks
for coming in tonight and telling us nothing about DDR, but giving us some good hints about
Pump It Up. That's good. Hey, it wasn't a hint, it was facts. I know. Any final thoughts?
I have two. One, I ate too much Taco Bell, now my stomach hurts. And two, does anybody
How do you want to go to work for me tomorrow? Because I don't.
Loki, your final thought.
I've got to bring over next week the iToy, because I have...
Well, and the microphone, because I have SingStar Pop, that one we've got to try out.
Yeah, I want to see that.
And then I also have iToy Harry Potter, iToy Sega, and iToy Play, and I think I'm going to try to get Play 2 as well.
Even though Dark Sakura, I think, called it a bastardization of the original Samba de Amigo, I really want to play the Itoi Samba, because I didn't get to play it at E3.
So, I don't want to misquote her. She might not have said that, but I'm pretty sure she didn't say the best thing about it.
So, she'll be here to talk about that next week. She'll be back next week.
But, um, there's that, and then, um, I've got an actual, um, another import I gotta try. It's another street racing game, so we're, like, initial D.
They need to put, um, what was it, um, Midnight Tune on their Wang Dang's Maxi- Midnight Maximum Tune on the console systems, cause that'd be awesome. That game's actually pretty cool.
Alrighty, and I would just like to say thank you guys very much for listening, and I hope I feel better next week, and I'm just looking forward to getting in some major gaming this next week with my brand new PlayStation.
And on behalf of DarkSakura, I'd like to say reject false icons, because you know that's her thing, that's what she'd say if she were here.
And, um, that's it, the final word of the show, one word to sum it all up, the one and only Miek Letov.
What?
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Hello, boys and girls. This is your old pal, Stinky Wizzleteeth.
This is a song about a player. No!
This is a song about being happy. That's right!
It's a happy, happy, joy, joy song.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, happy, happy, joy, joy.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, happy, happy, joy, joy.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, happy, happy, joy, joy.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy.
I don't think you're happy enough.
That's right.
I'll teach you to be happy.
I'll teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
Let's try it again.
Happy, happy Joy Joy! Happy, happy Joy joy! Happy, happy Joy joy!
If you knew ain't the grand daddy of all liars.
The little critters of nature.
They don't know that they're ugly.
That's very funny.
That's very funny. A fly marrying a bumblebee?
I told you I'd shoot, but you didn't believe me.
Why didn't you believe me?
Happy, happy, yoy, joy, happy, happy, yoy, joy
Happy, happy, yoy, joy, happy, happy, yoy
Happy, happy, yoy, joy, happy, happy, yoy, joy
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, joy, joy, joy!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
And fade to black, that's the end of the show.
Now we're going to go to our Bomani music and video game music program right after switching
the stream over.
So that means you guys are going to get booted from the stream, but please reconnect in about
30 seconds to resume hearing all your favorite DDR, 2DX, and video game favorite music.
And yeah, please reconnect, and don't forget our podcast.
We're going to go tape that right now, and that will be up Monday morning.
So see you guys later.
Thanks for tuning in tonight.
