🎵Music🎵
The
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
On tonight's program, ladies and gentlemen, Orange Lounge Radio is back for episode number
153
After taking last week kind of a mini vacation
I mean there was still a show, but it wasn't the show show right there you were there, but it wasn't the OLR experience
So to say it was the
So it was the let's multitask show no
Anyway tonight though I'm back after being gone for two weeks because I know there was a show a couple weeks ago
Oh, but enjoy your box. I enjoyed the FedEx box immensely. I was popping on the bubble wrap
So on tonight's show, we're gonna talk about my East Coast tournament
I went to I went to an East Coast tournament and I saw in the group, too
So I can't wait to talk about that. And also we're going to talk about the the DDR with fire
Dark soccer's favorite thing DDR with fire. It's actually called dance simulation
But it's I call it DR with fire
We'll be talking about that a whole bunch of other crap tonight on orange lounge radio back after this quick little introduction
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're mentioning the Orange Line Radium Line.
This is mommy's pop radio, and it's so much cooler.
Oh, God.
Heh heh heh heh heh. Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that, in this episode.
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 153 for this, August the 14th of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio the gamers really want.
And this is Orange Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion
news and discussion on rhythm and music games, as well as the gamer community and the pop
culture world. And also to inflate our own egos. That's really what this show is about.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangelawntradio.com. My
name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts
in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura. And
Even the DDR Freak Moderator of the Month, might I add.
Yep, that's true.
I'm not sure. Turn that on? Are you sure it's on?
It is on.
It's on, but very quiet. I don't know what's going on over there.
Weird. Here, um...
The mic is when...
Shit.
Okay, uh, can't hear that one. Let's see if that works.
Sorry, sound problems. Are you there now?
I'm here. Hi, guys.
There you are. That's weird.
Okay, we'll fix that during the break.
Uh, also here is Loki.
I am here.
p0k3smot42o you just never left instructions on how to upload the damn thing
and we'll put it in double or something all right so any who we're gonna go to a
quick break featuring some music from the DDR while we figure out what
happened to Jamie's microphone and also we'll just you know get comfortable and
get ready to do some chatting we're gonna talk about fire tonight Loki I
know you know that's coming up I'm gonna talk about in the groove too as well I I
have been the groove actually oh I I heard that this came up while I was gone
So you got to fill me in on this so okay, all right?
We'll be back after this quick break featuring some music from the DDR actually this first song is also an in the groove song kind of
Sorta, kinda sorta. We'll be back after this.
But it's not on me now, sunshine, don't you hide away
I want sunshine, each and every day
Sunshine, I feel your energy, I need sunshine
But it's not on me now, sunshine, don't you hide away
Don't you hide away, I want sunshine Each and every day, sunshine
I feel your energy, I need sunshine But it's not on me now, sunshine
Don't you hide away, I want some time
And we're each and every day
It's my love
I used to carve a love for you
I need to know, I need to know
I need to know how you feel
I gotta know, I gotta know
I gotta know if it's real
I need to know, I need to know
I need to know how you feel
I gotta know, I gotta know
I gotta know if it's real
I used to drive a love for you
I'm giving you my heart I love, my love
I used to drive a love for you
I'm giving all myclears to you, my love
I used to drive a love for you
I'm giving you my heart I love, my love
I used to burn my love for you
I don't wanna play
I don't wanna play
Like those on the way back to back to back to back to back to back
I know, but I'm afraid, where are we going?
into the dark black forest.
into the dark black forest.
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
This server made a bit of my head numb. This server made a bit of my head numb.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio,
episode number 153 in progress.
How are you guys doing tonight? I'm back.
I'm back for my trip that I went to the East Coast. I was sent in FedEx packaging
courtesy of Loki and Dark Sakura. I'm glad that they treated you well.
You know, they actually lost some of our shipments the other week so I was like, hey, he might be gone. We might never get him back.
Actually, FedEx was full so I had to suffer a fate worse than FedEx. I had to fly southwest.
That makes no sense. Southwest does not fly east. I mean, that's northeast. That's the complete opposite of southwest.
ironic Southwest actually flies to the northeast now and that's how I got to
where I was going so but oh lord try spending five hours on a plane with
grandpa who's really really obese I mean you know not that there's anything wrong
with being really obese but when you're trying to sit next to me on a plane it's
like you know I've got no wiggle room whatsoever in flight movies it's
Southwest there is no in-flight movies there's when you bring a laptop yeah I
I brought my PSP.
I'm going to talk about that on the podcast, because I did bring my PSP.
And Sharks Girl, if you're out there, I love you,
because she loaned me movies I could watch on my PSP.
And I've always knocked the idea of movies on a PSP,
but I take it all back after this trip.
I take it all back.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so, so sorry for those comments, because seriously, it
saved my ass this week.
So I'm very happy.
So my in-flight movies were Tron on the way over, which, believe it or not,
never seen before and I robot on the way back on piss the PSP so but it didn't
stop this grandpa guy from trying to talk to me in his little not just
grandpa but the daughter or the grand and the daughter the granddaughter it
was in sixth grade that was kind of one of those like scary-looking children
that kept showing off her little laptop computer quote-unquote and it wasn't a
laptop computer so much as it was one of those computers that you get at Walmart
that's like you know my child's first computer I don't know how it's okay just
like have you ever seen the video player they sell at Walmart that they have the
CD and the tiny ass little screen that is really all black and white some of
them are all black why I think they have the color died I can't even think of the
name of these things but the tiny ass screen if you thought watching a movie
on your PSP was that these things have the tiniest screen in the world the
the quality just stinks, but this is, I don't know. Anyway, so she was showing off her computer
to me and kept asking questions about the PSP and I'm just like, leave me alone.
You pretended you didn't speak English. That's what I need to do next time.
To bludgeon her to death with the PSP. That's why I need to go see that movie, Red
Eye, because maybe I'll get some ideas from that movie for the next time I go. So we'll
see. I don't know if we should support any more
of Wes Craven's, uh, you know, stuff. I mean, come on. Do we need to really inspire him
to make more Nightmare on Elm Street movies? Yes, we do. Yes, we do. And we also need to
inspire him to make a Scream 4, because I didn't think that those movies were going
to be missed at all, but now that they're gone and there's really not been a lot of
good horror movies, I kind of miss them. Exactly. And what, what will a scary movie parody on
if they don't make any more screen movies I don't know I don't know all
right anyway um let's start off tonight show us we do every week with a little
bit of how is your week how is your day starting off with the one and only dark
Sakura my week was busy busy busy at work I really have been trying to get
stuff together because I'm starting school next week so I didn't really get
play too much except for a little PSO and trying to get Ragnarok to install, but for
some reason the Korean Ragnarok won't install on my computer.
Is it because it's Korean?
Possibly, honestly.
I think that they've upgraded on the newest build, so I need a really old build of it.
I seem to recall that the Korean, because I think you tried to get me, no, who tried
to get me to install this once?
Somebody was getting me to install the Korean one so that I could patch it to play on a
free server.
style because he's all into that if you think a Loki is a pirate hey hang out
with lanky style sometime this would this see the written you read Ragnarok
online it's so advanced it bans you before you even decide the play stop it
anyway I don't want to cut off dark Sakura but I tried to install it once it
was a pain in the ass like I had to do all these special things can't initialize
So I need to figure out how to get past that.
Anyway, it's just really been...
I can't find my Illustrator book, which means I might have to buy another one
if I can't find it by Monday. Like Adobe Illustrator? Yeah, because one of my classes
is Illustrator, the other one is Geography, and then halfway through the next semester
I'm taking Dreamweaver and
what's the other...oh yeah, my other technical writing class
with a teacher who says I have flawless writing. Which means Dark Soccer is going to be doing
our site and all the graphics as soon as she graduates school.
Maybe before then. Or the Orange Lounge site might start becoming homework for me.
Um, also, um, sort of a half plug for Pump Up the Volume.
Um, in a couple weeks I'm going to be, uh,
doing a demo for Dark Records.
They just went live this week and, uh, but, you know, friends of mine are behind that.
And since I always try to play new music for everybody.
We can say the familiar DDR face that's behind a lot of this, right?
Well, my iguana girl is working with them, but they're people that, you know, I used to work with one of them.
I haven't, I think a lot of this has developed while I was kind of on vacation and tuned out of the world,
but so what's going on there? They're making their own label type thing?
It's a label. They're putting out the first record as a compilation of just different artists in the community.
So I'm going to be playing all that since I play new music on my show when I can.
Right, and isn't it like Synthpop, some of it?
Some Synthpop, Goth Industrial.
Cool.
Pretty, pretty variant stuff across the Angst written level.
So possible UltraMix 4 music, some way.
Maybe.
You never know, you never know.
Well that's kind of cool.
All the rest of it, we bought furniture today.
Dan bribed me with a bass guitar, which I'm not getting, I'm going to have,
I'm actually going to pay a trainer instead.
How exactly do you get bribed with a bass guitar?
Because I like the furniture first because it's red suede.
But we ended up buying it anyway.
We got a big chaise lounge and an AI couch and we're going to get back and get end tables
for it and everything.
It's comfy and suede.
And the cat is not allowed anywhere near it.
And Shermy stopped puking.
That's good.
What happened with your kitty?
Cat flew.
We think she had West Nile.
Someone I know had it. Really? Yes. Oh my gosh. She said it felt like having
like a regular, you know, head flu and the stomach flu at the same time. For those that
are outside the Sacramento area, this has been big news. No, it's all over the country.
Oh, I thought it was just Sacramento had a problem. Oh, no, no. One of my good friends
lives in the D.C. area. She knew people who had it. Really? They're spraying out there
too and the spray makes her sick. I thought the spray was only happening out here. No,
This is all over the country.
Oh, dang.
Shows how much I know.
And typically in more humid areas, but still.
That would not be Sacramento.
I know, but we also do have a floodplain.
And standing water does pool.
But anyway, what I was trying to say about that
is I don't know if it's possible.
Maybe Shirmi might have had some type of variant or something,
because she would eat, and then throw up, and then
cry pathetically.
You want to hear something really gross about what I got from a bug once?
What?
Okay, I once fell asleep on my couch, like out in the living room or something.
This was when I was living in Chico.
And I think I fell asleep with my mouth like open.
You know how some people like have their mouths open a little bit?
Well, I think a bug got in there and bit me on my gums.
Because the next day my gums swelled up hella big, and like they were like bleeding and
stuff.
And it's, like imagine if you didn't brush your teeth for like a year.
Sounds like, you're almost describing scurvy.
I caught scurvy and see deficiency Wow and your teeth start falling out and
your gums start to buzz you know my teeth didn't fall out and everything
went away like three days later but it was really disgusting during the process
and that was the only thing I could think of is that I must have been bitten
by bug because he gets I there was one part of it was slightly swollen so I
think it was a bug bite it was like very much similar to a mosquito bite it's
really good icky poo yeah anyway just thought I'd share fun enjoy that lovely
image America um otherwise I had just been busy busy busy busy sorry no that's
all right I've been sleepy all day I had coffee I didn't do anything I slept for 12
hours last night mr. jet lag yeah well not just that but the fact that I was up
from 1 a.m. West Coast time now granted I got to sleep for about an hour and a
half on the plane but I stayed up till midnight last night so it's almost up
like 24 hours, almost. So, I was definitely on second wind last night. Anyway, anything
else, DarkSakura?
No.
Okay. Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was okay. It started off actually decent. I don't know, I could say my week
has been okay. Nellie's week has been kind of on the rocks. First, she started off her
week by having her car stolen.
That sucks.
And, yeah, so I've had to drive her around places and stuff. And then, she found a wedding
dress yesterday so that was kind of cool and otherwise what I've been doing this
week has been utilizing the internet for my advantage that's the best way to put
it and because of that I have gotten to play so many damn games it's not even
funny and oh yesterday I went and bought a DVD burner because I had to upgrade my
pirating ability to be able to burn DVDs that and just I need it for wedding
stuff as well. And then, so I had to install my CD burner into my mom's computer, which
I'm sure she'll be grateful for, but she won't know how to use. And, yeah, it's pretty much
been that, and I signed up for Usenet, and I got to download files and porn it ten times
faster than normal.
It took you this long to get on. Usenet, by the way, has been around for, what, fifteen
years? So you're finally on board?
Yeah, but, see, the only thing that I hesitated about Usenet is because it costs money. It's
$15 a month for the service that I have which is unlimited but it's unlimited
bandwidth but it's like $14.95 a month and then the weather server thing I'm on
which is a basically a list is 50 cents a month I think and so you know I just
basically sign up for that I'm gonna try it out for a month you know if it's
something I'm interested in then yeah I'll go for probably not though because
they don't have everything I'm looking for on there and just you know it's nice
because I get I can download files really fast but you know I I love it by
the way that you refuse to pay for anything but you'll pay for the program
to let you buy all this software. But if you think about it though because I I've been
like trying to get I'm speaking of which I'm getting back into the music stuff I
bought two sample CDs I bought one sample CD from BT which is $100 I bought
another one or I'm bidding on one that started off at $39.99 I don't get you
because when you do spend money you spend like a hundred dollars on a
fucking CD two CDs oh my bad my bad two CDs well it's because I can't get it
anywhere else it's no longer being made it's not on anywhere trust me I've
looked at all the free angles for this first before I go and actually buy
something like this they're just not selling it anymore so I want to get
Because BT's the fucking man when it comes to, you know, awesome break beats and that type of stuff.
And so I have, like, one CD's basically all drum loops and stuff.
The other one's all kind of like, you know, ambient sound kind of crap.
So I got those. Well, I got the one at least. I don't know about the other one. I still have to wait on that.
And then just pretty much waiting for that stuff to come in and audio software stuff, which is worth over $2,000.
Anyways, but I'm merely trying it out. I will delete it after 24 hours.
Yeah, sure you will. Yeah, okay.
No, but honestly, um, what a load of crap is that, too?
Who said that that is a law, that you can download the program as long as you delete it within 24 hours?
Somebody made that shit up, you know it.
I'm- I'm just trying this stuff out. I mean, yeah.
So, I've- I've been having a lot of fun with my HD loader, and that's all I have to say.
I still think that you should tell all those people who say that using acid sucks to go, you know, bite your ass or something.
Well, that's why I'm gonna create some good music with acid.
Bite you with the good samples, because I'm lazy.
There was my point though. DJ Danger Mouse uses acid.
Absolutely. For those that don't, or are kind of newer listeners to this show that don't know about the acid debate,
Bimani Style once had a remix contest a while ago.
They have a remix contest going on now.
Well, they don't have anything going on now because their site's been down a couple of days.
It was up this morning.
Maybe it's up again. I don't know. But anyway, they had a remix contest a while back and they said,
said no mashups and nothing done in acid type thing right and so come to find out
like a bunch of popular DJ shoes acid we got MIDI head on the show asked him how
he did his remixes for Ultramix 2 and he said acid now to be fair he else sees
his free loops but who can buy they're both the same damn program I mean
honestly they're very similar so who cares but yeah so that's basically is my
my week it's been a lot of downloading and a lot of Nelly yelling at me get
Question from chat, are you still relenting over graffiti kingdom?
a very interesting day because I left Philadelphia in the morning. I stopped in Phoenix for a
three hour layover. I ended up doing lunch with our webmaster, VX JasonXV, because I
happen to be in Phoenix. So that's just kind of neat. I did lunch in Phoenix and then came
home. So it was an interesting day yesterday. Of course, I've been doing a lot of work related,
and when I say work, I mean my actual day job. You know I actually had somebody, a recent
person that I added to LiveJournal recently, like a recent LiveJournal friend, asked if
I did the podcasting thing for a living because I talked so much about it. I was like, oh,
I wish. I wish we did the podcasting for a living. But no, I haven't quite quit my job.
Never mind. I'll say it after the show. All right. So what was I going to say along
those lines? Oh, so I have a real job and my real job sent me away for two weeks because
I had some stuff I had to do in the Philadelphia area. So while I was out there, I ended up
getting to go to a tournament in Jersey at 8 on the Break in Dunellen, a little town
there. So I went there and it was actually an In the Groove 2 tournament. Actually they
had a lot of games going on, but when I got there it was kind of In the Groove 2 Perfect
Attack was going on. So I actually got to see In the Groove 2. Now I promised the folks
at home I would actually get a chance to play In the Groove 2 while I was gone. Sorry kids
that didn't happen. There were so many people at this tournament. And the way that 8 on
on the break is kind of set up. It's really hard to get kind of close to the machine when
there's all those people in there because the area... It's kind of like when they have
tournaments at Sunnyvale Golfland, to put it in perspective for you guys. Like there's
aisles in between the machines. They didn't really have... And that kind of surprised
me because I kind of thought, well, they have this area with the pool tables. Why don't
they take the machine and move it into the back area where there's all this extra room
and move the pool tables around? But for whatever reason, they didn't do that. So I got to
see in the Groove 2, but I didn't get to play it. And when I saw it, I was just kind of
like, well, it's basically in the Groove 1 with different music and a red interface.
That's pretty much, I was like, okay, whatever, I don't really get a huge deal. But in a way,
that's also the exact same thing you could say about Max 2 versus Max, is that it was
just, you know, more songs and a red interface. So I'm not going to fault the game for that.
But I can't really give you a full review of the game until I actually play it. So I
will withhold judgment of In the Groove 2 for a little while. But I didn't get a chance
to play. But I will say this, this is what I thought was interesting about the DDR tournament
on the East Coast. I didn't know anybody there except a couple people, and I'll get into
that in a minute. I didn't know like anybody there, so it was really weird for me because
usually when I go to DDR tournaments on the West Coast, I've been doing this for so long
that I recognize a lot of the people there, and you know, it's kind of cool, but it was
really weird going to the East Coast because nobody knew who I was, I didn't know who anybody
was. And I was kind of like, I was kind of tired because I had a lot going on from the
night before and stuff, just you know, work and everything, so I didn't really feel like
being a social butterfly so it's just kind of lurking and you know what I
think is interesting about DDR tournaments on the East Coast just like
ones on the West Coast is that once again there is that guy at the
tournament who really needs to learn about showering regularly and using
deodorant but you don't know who the offender is because there's so many
sweaty guys packed in a room together and you're like ah so that that doesn't
change West Coast to East Coast sorry I don't know what to tell you guys that
That doesn't change.
But otherwise, in all seriousness, I stayed at the tournament.
It looked like it was okay.
It looked like it was being pretty efficiently managed.
But in all honesty, I didn't end up staying much more than 20 minutes.
Like I mentioned, since you didn't get a chance to play In the Groove 2 at 8 on the break,
In the Groove 2 is actually at our local golf place, Paradise Island.
It just came in.
Did it officially get there?
Officially got there.
Interesting.
I might have to go check that out.
I have one more thing I forgot to say. Speaking of tournaments and arcades, Shaft 2 is happening.
I've got dates in mind, possible sponsorship from Gamestop. So in mid-November we're having
Shaft 2. Right on. Right on. And that will be, we'll definitely be a big sponsor of that
tournament, of course, and we'll be whoring that tournament out, and that will be sometime
in november is all we can say right now yes and working out and hopefully being
able to broadcast live
basically shaft 2 is going to be uh... ddr tournament and bowling league
tournament
how's that going to work because there's no
well it is at a bowling alley so there are bowling lanes oh yes get it
it's at fireside lanes oh i didn't realize it was at bowling okay well that works
i mean obviously how are they going to do bowling in like a golf place
You know, actually we were going to do the tournament at Roseville Golf Land and we were
going to tie ten children down and roll a giant ball at them like you used to see on
Roll a katamari at them so that they stay stuck.
What was that old show they used to play on like USA which was like, you know, American
Gladiators?
Extreme Games with the Stars or whatever where they had the giant bowling ball and they'd
knock over all the people in the bowling pins.
That's what we were going to do with children.
No it is actually going to be the legit bowling alley.
And what will it be? DDR Extreme?
Yes, it's on an Extreme machine.
Alright.
So I'm working out details and I just gotta get people together.
Alright.
We should see if there's room to do some type of TV thing and bring in a home version of something.
Have like a... I wanna have like an Amplitude tournament.
We'll see. We'll see what works out.
Alright. That'd be fun.
But, you know, I'm not gonna have much time to work on it at the end of the month because of course I'm doing that whole getting married thing, so...
Well I will help you out and of course I'm sure Loki will too. I just volunteered you.
a crappy dance game tournament have an emcee
madcap emcee
we should have the world's only emcee
groove dance craze tournament
have it like good attack it because it's so bad or something
I do want to have a good attack tournament
we did that like it
or no it wasn't a good attack what was it that we did a miss attack
it was a miss attack tournament
what does Shaft stand for again?
uh... second as back to money which is going to be found that act
that money has to know that
uh... fabulous turn it back to the front of the old another
it came from so it'll be sacramento host another fucking tournament basically
that for the sake of uh...
the lovely management at fireside lanes it's fabulous
uh... sorry
and it's always fabulous
about frickin got me in charge of the whole thing about sacramento host
another fireside tournament
Because we haven't done one before.
That doesn't work.
Host an awesome fireside tournament.
Alright.
I will see what I can do about buttering, because the chat room seems to be liking this idea of an amplitude tournament.
So I will see what I can do about buttering up the One and Only Dark Sakura to let us do not only an amplitude tournament, but some really horrible video game tournament.
I also may be coming into a copy of Rez.
Oh cool.
So maybe Rez tournament.
Or something. Can you really do a tournament on Rez?
Could try.
I will be hosting an unofficial Meteos tournament, so bring your DS. It's on.
Unofficial Meteos tournament. Anyway, more details on that come November.
Actually, no, we won't give you the details in November, or else you won't have time to plan.
More details to come, like, soon. As soon as we have details.
And we would love for people to come from all over to support this.
Absolutely. Later than now. Yes, later than now. Anyway.
People can crash in my playroom.
Back to the East Coast tournament. I didn't finish my story on the East Coast tournament.
Why?
I actually, no, it's alright. I cut you off. You can cut me off. It's fine. It's because
we love each other. Um, Dark Sakura has this look of disgust on her face.
No. No, that's okay.
Um, and I just saw Bush intent on change on my Yahoo, so I was like, uh, that was the
look of disgust.
You just saw Bush?
Bush intent on change. Social Security turns 70.
Hee hee!
Butt head! Anyway.
Anyway, yeah, okay, sorry, I've been gone for a couple of weeks, everything's funny.
Oh yeah, the tournament, I only ended up staying at this tournament for like 20 minutes because
I just, I wasn't competing and I was just kind of watching and observing and I didn't
know who to root for because I didn't know any of these people and I felt really bad
but also I just had other stuff going on so I just ended up leaving after like 20 minutes
Except I left with one of our listeners.
So that was the cool thing.
One of our listeners, Ron Chan, actually showed up at the tournament, and we left.
And we went to, with some of his other friends, we actually went to this girl's house who
lives in Jersey, and I'm so sorry, I forgot her name, I'm so horrible with names, but
she was very cool because she had us all over at her house, and we were all in her basement.
And they have, like, the most ginormous television I've ever seen in the basement.
Seriously, it was like an IMAX TV in her basement.
It was crazy.
And so, of course, we were all excited because we were going to play DDR on, like, the IMAX
TV, as I'm calling it, because it's a fucking huge TV.
And then, lo and behold, our PlayStation 2 wouldn't load anything.
We finally got DDR Extreme USA to work after a little bit, but no background movies, and
you had to wait, like, two minutes for the song to load.
That poor thing was busted.
I didn't even get a chance to play because the damn thing broke before, but it's all
right.
I had fun.
I had fun just being around strangers.
my disk drive. That's why I use my hard drive. You know what I find ironic is all these people
complain about their disk drive not working and it going off the thing. I have a first
model JPS2 that's never had a problem. And on top of that the whole reason that the component
cable didn't work when we were trying to play Katamari at my house was because we didn't
have the visual setting set up for component. Oh yeah, I found that out too the first time
I tried to do component is that it wasn't set up right. Anyway, anyway, so yeah, we
were playing extreme for a little bit and then we just kind of just hung out, went to
a diner and ate and then left, went our several ways. And I went back to the tournament because
I thought, okay, the tournament should be over by now and I'll have a chance to play
in the groove too. So I can finally, you know, let Loki know how great it is. And lo and
behold, when I got back, the tournament was still going on and it looked like it was still
perfect attack. I think actually what I missed in the morning, they were doing like an exhibition.
they were setting up for freestyle, but I missed the actual competition itself.
And it still smelled like armpit when I got back, sorry to say.
But again, I'm not trying to pick on East Coast, because it's the same thing on the
West Coast.
I'm not trying to make a Jersey reference, are you?
Shut up!
Well you know why they built the Statue of Liberty facing the way it does?
It's ass-facing New Jersey.
No, actually, everybody bashes on New Jersey, but I rather liked it in New Jersey.
I thought New Jersey was a nice place.
I like New Jersey because that's where Jay and Silent Bob and Kevin Smith and all...
I went to Red Bank my last trip to Jersey, so this time I just kind of hung out in Dun
Ellen a little while longer.
I actually kind of like Jersey.
I don't know why people knock on it.
But from what I understand about Jersey, it's the big cities that suck.
Like Jersey City and, you know, the other big cities in New Jersey that are no fun.
I had a good time.
But you know what else?
I actually went into New York City on Saturday and just
walked around aimlessly for forever.
We just walked around the Chelsea district, wink, wink.
We walked around the area around Grand Central Station.
We walked around Union Square.
We walked around Times Square.
We just walked forever and ever.
Didn't get a chance to play any DDR in New York City.
But I loved New York City.
I had a great time.
And I'm totally thinking like, I should just move here.
But I know I won't. That's just the afterglow of a trip, you know?
I've been once and have not been inclined to go back for a long time.
This was 11 years ago.
The first time I went I was 17. But everything was too organized.
It was nice to go back and not have a plan and get to walk around just like everywhere.
It was great. I had a really good time. I think I'd have a better time.
But honestly, I don't like looking up and seeing building.
I like looking up and seeing a tree and sky
and breathing air that's not full of dirt.
It didn't bother me.
It didn't bother me.
But this is the weird thing.
I hate San Francisco for that exact reason you're mentioning.
New York City, I loved.
I don't know why.
I think it's...
Well, no, no, no.
I do know why, actually.
It was the people.
There was a lot of just neat-looking people and neat-looking things.
I went to the Toys R Us in Times Square, which was awesome.
The Toys R Us in Times Square.
I've never been to such a cool-looking Toys R Us.
Did you eat at Ruxy?
No.
That place is awesome.
We walked around for forever and ended up eating at some diner called like moon
Moon struck because I remember making a joke about the Cher movie
It was a diner called moon struck that we ate at but anyway
We went to Times Square Toys R Us huge
There's like a ferris wheel inside the place, but in the basement is like the game area
It was so cool
Like they had demos for all these upcoming games was almost like going to e3 like they have the Nintendogs demo
They had a bunch of other demos and it was I didn't realize the Nintendogs demo was like everywhere at this point in a lot
of stores because I saw it at Best Buy the other day, but I just, I loved the setup there
and it was not an overpriced Toys R Us. You would think that the Times Square would have
overpriced games, but it was pretty much the same thing they'd charge in any, you know,
mall or anything. So I had a really good time. I do want to go back and spend more time in
the city. Moving there, I think that's just kind of a joke. I don't think I would actually
be...
That would be highly unrealistic because it's...
It's expensive to live there. So we'll see. Anyway. Do do do do do. So I guess that's about
it. You know what? You know what's funny? Somebody in our chat room, Sephiroth1215 actually
said, brought up the Chinatown in the Groove 2 machine. I found out about that after I
left New York City because Bronma, DJronmaS told me about it, was showing me pictures
of the machine, and I'm kind of sad. I could have gone to Chinatown and actually played
in the Groove 2, but my friend who I was with doesn't really get the whole DDR thing. Like,
she likes games and all, but she doesn't get my obsession with DDR, so I don't think she
she would have gone for it. Let's go all the way to Chinatown to play a funny dancy game.
She wouldn't have gone for it. Love her to death, but we just have different interests
in that regard. So anyway, that's me. That's my big bloated story about my week and my
weekend. But the tournament, it seemed like there was a lot of good people and I swear
if I go back, I will be more friendly next time in the next tournament. I will wear this
big shirt for Orange Lounge Radio or something so that people might connect me with it or
something. Just like, caution Dr. Dick. Or yeah, I should just go on Dr. Dick garb or
something but seriously this time I dress I just blend it in I was just
not a kid at the thing although really probably I'm probably the oldest person
that was there but um you know I swear next time I go all all but I I have
some time off around the Labor Day but there's too much going on around that
time where I might not be able to go so we'll see yeah cuz someone you know is
getting married I do but I need to find out when the reception is because I can
playing around it the next weekend all right anyway let's go to a break now
now see everybody on the East Coast is as telling me all these machines all
these in the groove two machines I could have gone to play thanks guys this is
good to find out about after the fact now somebody's saying you should go to
Coney Island all right let's go to a break in this break we're gonna hear
some requests from the chat room and when we come back we're gonna talk about
We're gonna talk about DDR with Fire, and we're gonna talk about some other things that have been going on in the DDR scene, and we'll talk about whatever else we feel like talking about.
We'll be back after this. We're gonna start it off with a request. We actually had a couple In the Groove song requests, so we'll get those out of the way.
Oh, this is good too because we want to hear about Loki's experience with In the Groove.
Because you teased something a while back. What did you tease the listeners with? That you were going to rent it or that you rented it but hadn't played it?
I have it, and I've played it, and I was going to tell you my thoughts on it, and we're going to see if they've changed.
Okay, that's the first thing I've ever read.
Because it's very possible that they might have changed, and I could be an in-the-group lover.
And then again, Angels could be real also, but...
You know what, though? Now, you posted in your Live Turtle something this week about an Apple product, and that you liked it.
The G6 or something, right? Wasn't it? Or something?
It was the netBSP Linux toaster. It was the Linux toaster.
I was on dial-up. I couldn't follow links. So, wait. There was something Apple related.
You confessed to liking a lot. There was two. There was two things I posted
in my Live Year Old. There's one that said this, that they're only
viable use for an Apple iPod. And it was a story about a woman bludgeoning
her boyfriend. Which was fake.
With an iPod. Okay. And then... If you look, it was on the rumor
And then the second one was a picture of the Apple G6 and it was the Linux toaster.
Because we all know that the Apple has the processing power of a toaster.
I hate you.
I was bored that day, okay?
We'll be back with Loki's thoughts on a degree.
Honestly, I am sick and tired of the stupid Apple thing.
Okay, granted, we know that I don't like them.
Do we really need to constantly bring this up that I don't like them?
Because it gets old.
nope doesn't get old
I'm calling you
Shadows have been fed by
The red and tattered and I
Will love you
Forever
I'm telling you now but why
I'm taking so long to die
I miss you
Forever
Here on me
Clean up life
Walk me through the night
And deep inside
The ceiling are hurting
Clean up life
Tell me why
If you hide
Down behind the curtain
High, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high
Can you see me falling high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high
Can you hear me calling you?
I'm the recognition
I'm falling in love
I'm falling in love
Let's take it from the top, keep moving, moving
The beat is real swift, it's grooving
Rob is here, put it in gear, lean your head
Cause the beat is real funky, tread
Let's rock and roll with soul
I hold the mic and go
Cause Rob is in full control
Mainstaying the game the same
And what I see for rhyme for rhyme will now be blank
I'm the recognition
I'm falling in love
Don't stop the pain
I'll do it all night, do it with me I'll do it all night, do it with me
Do it with me, I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free, babe
Do it tonight, do it alright
Just take me and shake me till I burn up inside, no
You may have complex and some incredible tricks and maxes
You may be the slave of Tim and Tom and Ed and Dave
You may do it again with handsome friends and check and care
But you're gonna feel so free when you do it in the name
Do it all night, do it with me, I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free, baby
Do it tonight, do it alright, just take me and shake me till I burn up inside, oh
Do it all night, do it with me, hard as a fire with a straw and a tree
Do it tonight, do it alright You got it, I knew it, you can do it tonight
You're the home of the fire, the straw in the tree
Come on, do it with me.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, back boys and girls, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
On that break, you heard some varying music there that was either inspired by
by chat or requested outright by chat. Queen of Light there from In the Groove, a minute
from DDR Max 2. And I know that Rini who requested that song actually wanted to hear the original
like old ass version. It only takes a minute. But I couldn't find it. I could have sworn
it was in that giant potpourri directory that I got from your computer, which I think in
turn came from Iguana Girl's computer. I don't know why that would have been in there since
that's the original. I don't know. Wasn't there one in like way old ass DDR? No. I thought
The original was never in DDR.
I thought it was. I thought it was in like an old-ass mix of DDR.
No, never.
Sorry, my memory's fading as I'm getting old.
Summer in Belize from In the Groove 2.
That was actually the first time I really listened to that song.
Not Too Shabby, I liked that one. That was pretty cool.
Erotic from DDR3rd makes do it all night because the chat room was talking about Erotic.
Somebody actually asked what the Dr. Dick thing was all about,
and even though I couldn't really play this song because it's a little bit longer,
It was actually kind of inspired by an old erotic song called Help Me Dr. Dick, is where
that monkey comes from, the Dr. Dick name.
And it's my improv freestyle alter ego, let me play a little clip of the song.
There we go, so that's the song from Erotic and that's where it came from.
Anyway, the chat room is swearing up and down that that was in third mix. Let me check my
DDR in a minute. I could swear that... I thought I'd played the original one in DDR before,
it's just been so long, and it's not, to be honest kids, it's not really one of my favorite
songs. I'll just check, step mania doesn't count, I'll check my home version. Holy crap,
here it is, wait, I have the third mix soundtrack. You got it? Here it is. That's right, that's
I have to think of this, because I was singing of a different one by them.
It's one of those ones I just never freaking played because I didn't like the song. Sorry
kids. I love this song. I didn't like it. Sorry kids. It's one of those ones I always
skipped. Alright, so we fucked up. Leave us alone. We're allowed to make a mistake once
in a while. Alright, anyway, let's take a minute. We're going to have Loki's review
you now of In The Groove? Loki, you were mentioning that you, did you rent or you bought In The
Groove? Or you acquired In The Groove? I, let me just say I played In The Groove, how
about that? We'll leave it at that. Okay. Because I consider it a waste of space, I'm
gonna, you know, use it as a waste, basically say it's a waste of space on my hard drive.
But anyways, um, so yes, I played it in the groove, I booted it up, tried it, you know,
said, okay, what's the big deal about this game, played it for a good, you know, a good
half an hour.
I definitely gave a couple songs a try.
My opinion of this game has not changed one bit.
It still sucks ass.
And now I have played it, I can say it sucks ass.
You know, and I'm still debating on buying an actual copy of the game so I can write
this game sucks ass so we can give it away. But I have, you know, I've thought about it,
I have thought about it and, you know, right now, $45 could be better spent somewhere else.
So I'm going to wait for the game to go to the bargain bin. It's just, it's, you know,
I, I played the game. I, I played it for a while. You know, I unlocked a couple songs.
What kind of songs did you play when you played it? Did you, were there any catchy songs you
liked at all? I honestly, I can't even, they're forgettable. That's how, that's how bad this
game is. I played a few things. I was just kind of going down the list. And I don't remember
what songs I played when I played them. But the step charts to me seemed like something
I saw like on Bomani's style in their sim file section. Like some idiot, just any idiot
made them up. They weren't that great. I mean, and I was playing on the most difficult settings
so I was just, you know, okay, expecting something really cool. No. I never got it. And okay,
wow, there's so many modifiers. Does nothing for me. You know, that's just like saying,
oh look you know cereal comes in multiple colors doesn't matter to me I
mean
okay to play devil's advocate here a little bit okay what's so freaking great
about the our home releases then
what's so great about the the music for one all their music in in the group
sounded like some just
amateurs a very very amateur no sounding music
I'm granted license stuff with okay
I mean it was okay but it wasn't stand out it was just
I mean it's forgettable the entire game is forgettable
That's pretty much what it comes down to.
I mean, you'd think that I'd be, you know, ranting and raving about this game, but even
the unlocked songs were just whoopity-doo.
I mean, it wasn't that great.
And I saw the preview songs for In the Groove 2 on there.
Wow.
I'm glad to say that they've sure not stepped up.
You know, it's interesting you didn't even like the unlocks, because I would say probably
my favorite In the Groove song with, I think, some of the most fun steps is one of the unlocks,
Anubis.
I know that song's horrid, sorry guys, but I think it's like the most fun with steps.
It's right up there with some of the great DDR songs, in my opinion, just the way the
steps are designed to go with the song.
It's so much fun to dance to, I think, that particular song.
But remember, I don't hate In the Groove with a Passion like you do.
You know, I was trying to give it a fair shot.
I was going into it and saying, okay, I've knocked on this game enough, let me see what
it is, because maybe I could be wrong about it.
I'm afraid I was not wrong about it. It's just, it sucks. It's a crappy game. It's what
it comes down to. I mean, it's another music game. Granted, if you're really starving for
music games, go play it. But I'm not starving for music games, so I'm not gonna play it.
That's what it's gonna come down to. And I just didn't like it. To me, the whole game
seemed like, you know, it seemed very, very amateur. It seemed like just some guy made
some homebrew stuff, got some company to publish it for them, and boom! There's the game. Well,
that's pretty much what happened anyway.
I was going to say, that's kind of what happened anyway, but...
But there's just not the polish in there. It's just that, and even In the Groove 2,
there's not...
You're not going to give them a break on the polish thing, considering it's their first
mix they've ever done, Red Octane's first game they've published, Roxor's only important
game they've ever done, et cetera, et cetera? You're not going to give them a break?
I'm even talking about In the Groove 2. No polish on this game.
It's like, wow, we changed the air face to red. Whoop-a-dee-doo!
Okay, you can change it to green, it releases it to green.
There's a little more they did to In the Groove 2.
And like I said, honestly, at first they added ugly characters, I'm sorry.
You know what, as much as I'm trying to play devil's advocate for In the Groove here,
because I do think the game's alright,
the characters thing is kinda, yeah, lame.
But In the Groove 2 and In the Groove 1
really feels to me, just from observer, remember I haven't played the game yet so I'm not going
to give a full review on the game until I actually play it, but from a glance, from
looking at it, it doesn't look any different from Max 2 to Max 1. And let's not forget
Max 2 was actually a real improvement over Max 1. But what did they do? They changed
the interface to Reb. Whoopee shit! And added some songs. But the game itself was...
Well they also added non-stops and stuff, I think. Or Oni. Wasn't Oni in the...
Well, marathons and in the groove.
Well, they have that on their show. I don't know. Whatever. But still, though, I mean, come on now. It's... I don't know. I even... It's just, it wasn't for me.
Alright, boys and girls, if you disagree with Loki, we will give you a chance to, uh, present your opinion.
Well, you know, so what? You disagree. Big deal. I mean, I gave it a shot. It wasn't like, you know, I'm talking about nothing here. I actually played the game. So, you know, what are you gonna say? Oh, so you don't like it. You're wrong. No, actually, it's my opinion, so I'm right.
It's just, you know, it's just not a very good game.
You know, whatever. I mean, I don't like pump it up either that much.
Granted, that game is better than In the Groove because
they've put more polish into the game. Granted, I think the crazy mode is
retarded, but
you know, the dance sequences are fun
and the music is okay. It's different. And
I don't know, the background movies are actually good, whereas In the Groove is kinda
playing but you know I will actually go on the record saying and keep in mind I
haven't played many pump it up games in the arcade I've played a very various
amount I actually think in the grooves better than pump it up I hate pump it up
interface with a passion I hate it it ruins almost the whole damn game for me
to be honest the music is kind of hit and miss there's some great songs and
pump it up but a few more misses than hits for me I can't play the same six
I can play In The Groove a little bit longer, I guess, to see if my opinion changes.
Well, your opinion won't change.
Yeah. Maybe In The Groove 2 is this godly game.
Yeah, there you go. Now maybe In The Groove 2 is a little better. You'll see. We'll see.
All right.
I don't think so.
That's like saying maybe McDonald's, you know, brand new stuff is going to taste good. Maybe it's going to be real meat this time. No.
All right. Well, chat room, if you want to respond to that, we will open up the Skype line a little later.
later. If you want to... There's not going to be anything you're going to say that's
going to change Loki's mind. I do have something though that we got to try. I meant to get
here earlier today. Okay. I have acquired a copy of SingStar. What the hell's that?
The European karaoke game. Oh. Oh! Oh, gosh. You brought this up like months ago on the
show. Okay, I remember SingStar. Yeah, their karaoke game that's, you know... Was that
the one in E3? It might have been. It's a karaoke game that, you know, it's not Konami
made. Hold on. Dark Soccer, do you remember this E3 booth, the UK games? You probably
spent a little time there, right? A little bit? Uh, sort of. They had a karaoke game.
Sing Star? Is that the name of it? Yeah, what was it? Pop Star. Yeah, Sing Star Pop. So
maybe they altered the name a little bit. Okay, so you got a chance to check this out?
well i haven't got a play yet
uh... but i've meant to bring it over today
so i want to get out next week
did you just like you're every type of attention for bs
night i was wrapped or literally i'd like to require my option to be late
alright alright
speaking of technical taxes and i actually have to play a new game uh...
a music game myself this past week it was actually came that they have on a
different
eight at eight on the break
and actually something that the creators of the air to stick that is the
distributors of the game actually emailed us about a while back and we've
kind of refrained from talking about it because there has been a lot of
information on it but I actually got a chance to play this game and imagine if
Taiko no Tatujin and Drummania had a baby it would be this game called
Percussion Master which is what I got a chance to play over at 8 on the break I
actually kind of enjoyed Percussion Master when I first was kind of looking
at the the release that the guy had sent us and stuff and the fact that there
wasn't a whole lot of information. I was kind of thinking, eh, I don't know about this game.
It kind of looks like it's going to be a little cheesy bit of a rip-off. But what makes this
game good is that they actually have a pretty solid song list. Now, granted, they have a
lot of covers in it, but that's okay, because Karaoke Revolution has covers, too, and they
work out really well.
Progression Master has covers of songs like Goonies Are Good Enough, Mickey, I think there
was a Britney Spears song I had to play in there, too, and then just some other, like,
classics as well. I don't remember the whole list. I'm sure there's a song list out there
the internet somewhere. But I had a pretty solid song list. I was pretty impressed.
And it was pretty fun to play. The drums were pretty solid. You basically have a giant drum
in the middle and then two on the side. So it's kind of like an O and then one right
above the upper left and upper right, like cymbals or something you could call it, although
they don't look like it. They look like loaves of bread that you're hitting. So you're beating
on a pie and two loaves of bread. That's the progression. But it feels a lot like taiko
for some reason when you play, because it's like, instead of hitting the side of the drum,
you're hitting these little things on the top, where normally it would be a very similar
striking motion as I would hit the side of the drum.
So that's why I think I kind of call it very similar to Taiko, but the interface is very
much like Drummania, where the notes scroll from the top.
And it was pretty cool.
The only, I guess, negative thing I would be able to say about Percussion Master is
that it doesn't seem like there's a whole lot you can do with the game.
And granted, maybe you could say the same thing about Drummania, but it kind of seems
like, I don't know, with these three drums, and maybe I didn't play songs that were hard
enough, but it kind of seemed like, I think this game might get boring after a while.
I didn't see anything in it that would really make me want to play it like an awful lot,
like where I could get like into this game and have like the total replay value.
But as far as like a nice little side distraction to have in your arcade next to other music
games, I think it's a great addition.
I think people should check it out at least once.
I guess it's probably easier to play than MTV's Drumscape.
There are no directions.
That game is just crazy. You sort of have to guess as you go along.
They have one in Santa Cruz on the boardwalk.
Yeah, it's like, huh?
I think it's distributed by the same people that do the Drumscape game.
Because I remember on their site I thought I saw something about Drumscape.
But this is not... I didn't see any ties to MTV.
You know what was really kind of funky about this game is that on their high score list
it actually had pictures of the high score people.
game actually has a little teeny camera in it that takes your picture, like an itoy type
thing that takes your picture when you get a high score. Now, I didn't get any high scores.
Go figure, I freaking triple-a'd two of my songs the first time I ever played them. They're
not really triple-a's, but whatever you want to call them. I got all perfects the first
time I played these songs, and I didn't get my picture on the high score board. I guess
my scores weren't good enough somehow, even though I got all perfects. Oh well. Somebody
beat me to it i don't know
uh...
yeah the answer the question chat is a cmt be like if i didn't see an mtv logo
on this game anywhere and i don't think it's empty and there was nothing
like carson daley wasn't in it
i don't think there was anything to do with the dailies
but he's not going to be anymore really i don't think so
i think he's gone i think it works for nbc now that's right
he did he has a show on nbc why we talk about that anyway
uh... that's way too much time for him already no
so i i got to play the game i'd like to i'd just don't think i could play it
every day but it's a nice is like it's something that i think what i i'd have
fun playing in between games of the year
now taken a debt to them for uh... the psp
all
it's awesome it's it's great and you're what i'd be like
looking at the end like how the hell is gonna work because
I mean, you can't obviously beat the PlayStation with...
I was gonna say, how can...
When I think of Tycho Nutatigen on PSP, I think about Beatmania on the Game Boy,
or on the Wonderswan even, and I kinda like...
Beatmania on the Wonderswan was great! It was digitized!
Yeah, it was, but...
I mean, playing with the buttons and the control pad... nah, the play was missing.
It works very simple. Basically, on the Tycho Drum, your main
stuff is going to be either the directional pad or the buttons. So, you know, the left
drum would be the directional pad and the right drum would be the four buttons. And
then to hit the sides are the L button and the R button. And so that's how the game's
played. And it's really simple, easy to figure out. The mini games are fucking hilarious.
They're great. And they get really hard. So, and it's a lot of fun. Really, I'd highly
recommend the game when it comes out here. It's right now only in Japan, but it looks
really good. It's a good start for music games, though, on the PSP, because it's done very,
very well. Can't wait to play it. It has Toxic on it, which I thought was weird. Toxic, and
there was a couple other songs that were really strange.
Is this the Japanese version of Taiko, or is this American?
Yeah, this is Japanese.
And they had Toxic? I don't remember that being on any of them.
They had Toxic on there. They have We Will Rock You. They also have, of course, you know,
and some other weird songs on there, Ridge Racer and stuff, and it was fun, they have all the sounds you can unlock.
It sounds very similar to the US release Taiko Drum Master, but on the PSP in Japanese.
Like the songs you're saying, I'm thinking, yeah, that wasn't Taiko Drum Master.
I couldn't tell you, but it's fun. I like it.
Interesting.
Wow, we've played a whole lot of new music-based games these past couple of weeks.
I've been playing Burnout 3. That's not really a music-based game, but it's fun.
Well, I'll talk about some. I've been playing Illuminus, which is kind of like half a music game.
I have all three copies of my, um, Puppies on order.
Ooh. Ooh, I didn't know that Technic Beat was coming out on PSP.
Ooh, I have all three copies of my, um, Puppies on order.
Ooh, I didn't know that Technic Beat was coming out on PSP.
That's awesome. What was Technic Beat again? Technic Beat was that one with the little dude that walked around it with all the circles and you'd have to walk to the circle and hit the button.
Yeah, and as a reminder also that DJ Max is coming out on the PSP. That one's going to be weird though. That's going to be playing just like, I think, Beatmania on the PSP. It's going to be a little weird.
Interesting. But cool. I'm still very excited about it.
that. Alrighty, I think what we're going to do now is we're going to go ahead and take
a break, and when we come back from this break, we're going to do a little bit of Skype and
hear what the callers have to say. So, we'll do that. First off though, I want to see if
I can find this. I wanted to play some songs from the new, if I could find it, maybe I
I don't have it. I don't want to say what it was if I don't really have it. Never mind, I'll have to look for that for later.
And also, we'd like to thank our listeners who voted for us for the podcast awards. Absolutely.
Thank you. Best meetings on the podcast, that's right. Kisses. Looking at us. Thank you.
And also, did you know that this week we're featured on the iTunes store? I saw that we're on page two. Isn't that crazy? Yeah.
I don't know how that happened, but we're there. That's pretty awesome. I'm not going to complain. Hell no.
Oh, and I have to apologize for last week, or not really last week.
All we had was a headset microphone, first of all.
But the week before last, with Katamari radio that we were pretty much doing.
Because we had We Love Katamari at Dark Sakura's house.
Oh, I was going to play music from We Heart Katamari.
You'll see inch widescreen katamari.
That game is so much fun. I love it.
The Namco X Capcom intro looked very cool on my TV.
Yeah, I'm going to probably delete that game just because I don't know how to play it and it's all in Japanese.
I actually don't delete it yet because I want it.
You need to show me where to get that thing you have.
Alright, we're going to go to break and we're going to come back and have the Skype line.
be back after this. Also, DDR with fire when we come back. We'll do some Bahmani potpourri
in this break. We'll start off with a little bit of Taku. Maybe this will perk Dark Soccer
up a little bit of Taku. Yay! Alright, here we go. We'll be back after this.
Oh
Can you keep me like a nasty girl, you want a nasty love?
I know that you want me honey, I'm feeding some more people, better stay healthy for love
You know that I want baby love, just to feel my heart
Talking about you has to be my meaning
I'm just asking for the real love
It's gonna make me feel
To take me higher
Hey, I'm not having enough
To try to make sure that you're still
Hey, I'm sorry but you've got to try to
You've gotta be still
Seein' we're together ever more
Shine on me forever
Shine on me
Shine on me forever
Shining on the lightning Sheen
Yes I, I have a dream of you
I'm getting out of my own way
But I belong to you
Rainy days on my hands without you, Rainy days on my feet around you,
I feel better when I remember yesterday, yeah.
Memories in my heart are not the same Memories in my mind seem to be real
What I wanted to tell about my yesterday
In the night I was away for sure But I had no fear to break my heart
In the light the sun is on my side When I had the right thing
Screaming again today
I had a dream of you
I gave your love away
But I belong to you
Screaming again today
I had a dream of you
I gave your love away
That I belong to you
Green Bay
Green Bay
Green Bay
Green Bay
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Can you hear what I'm saying?
Roll this down, let's take a man, better watch your back
I'm gonna kick your asses, beat them, kill them all
Tom, Tom what am I gonna do? Tom, Tom what am I gonna do? Tom, what am I gonna do? Tom, Tom.
Have you ever seen a cool game like this?
They don't care.
Gaming Radio, so uncensored
that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh, Moo-Kaw-Kee?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tap Break, Taku with Electro-Tuned, not only 2DX 3rd style I think it was originally in,
DDR 5th Mix as well, Risky Men featuring Suka with Mr. T, Take Me Higher, Asuga, 2DX 4th
style as well as...wasn't anyone into DDR's 5th Mix, DDR, I think?
I think it was one of those unlocks, remember how...
It was in 5th Mix.
Yeah, remember how 5th Mix had all those unlocks in it?
I think Electro-Tuned was also one of those songs.
Yeah, Electro-Tuned was in 5th Mix.
Cherry with Yesterday. Boy, we played a lot of songs that crossed over in other
Bamani games that break without even realizing it. Cherry Yesterday was, was that actually
in Para Para? It was in Para Para. Yes, it was. Was it? It was in a second. You had,
it started off with the right arm sweep, left arm sweep, both arms. That scares me that
you remember that. Yeah, that's like all I remember of it too. In 2DX6 style, of course.
There was a Para song in 6 style that wasn't actually in Para Para Paradise. I think it,
I think it's the song, Para Para Paradise. That's it. That's why I'm getting confused.
You remember that song in 6.01?
Pah-dah-pah-dah-pah-dah-dah-dice.
That song wasn't in.
That song was a pain in the ass.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, also, um, a Konami original there, the Metal Gear Solid, um,
mix from Beatmania, like, hell, that wasn't the very first Beatmania, wasn't it?
It might have been Beatmania 3rd Mix when that came in.
Uh, the Metal Gear one?
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
Wasn't it dated, like, all the way back to the very first Beatmania?
No.
No, no.
It was, it was 3rd Mix, I believe.
You know why?
Because Beatmania-
It definitely was Third Mix, because that's when, um, that was when I first played. It was on a Third Mix machine.
First Mix, Second Append, and, like, Third Mix all looked the same.
Well, First and Second were, um, were released as one, with the Append.
Oh, that's right, that's right.
The Ebisu.
Mm-hmm.
And then there was Third, Fourth, because, uh...
And they were all Appends, weren't they?
Yes, Fifth.
Until they got to Sixth.
Right, Sixth is the one I don't have. I have Club Mix.
Mm-hmm.
I have, um, Club 2, I think.
Can you imagine if they did that-
I have GoToMix.
Can you imagine if they did that append thing here in the US?
Like, in order to play, uh, DDR Extreme, you have to have, uh, DDR USA, the old school one.
I can't believe that the pub- that the general public response would be,
BITCH, WHAT?
Exactly. Exactly.
Nintendo can get away with that shit.
Yeah, we're gonna release three different versions of Nintendo,
cause you're gonna buy them all.
Um, but yet-
Okay, Nintendo, we love you, bye bye.
Exactly.
Okay Nintendo, just put out another Zelda game and we'll be fine.
Anyway.
That's how they get you started.
I got told.
Electro-Tuned was actually in second style.
So I forgot. I forgot.
You know why? Because I'm used to playing it in third style PS2.
Give me a break.
No, that's all cool.
Let's see.
Oh, also I wanted to say about the Metal Gear Solid theme.
going to be in the upcoming Beatmania USA, at least if the E3 demo is in the
indication. That's a game we really haven't heard anything about for quite
some time, but it kind of makes sense because, you know, we got two DDR's
looming. I'm assuming that Konami staff is kind of busy with those games and
they'll worry about Beatmania when those two are out. I think there was a date
change or something about it. It's still in spring. I think Miklotov is back on the
show next week. I do think he's planning a trip up here next week, so although
Although he's been very tight on his NDA this year and hasn't been able to give us much juicy gossip on the show,
hopefully we'll be able to get something out of him next week. At least something.
And also the heads of a bunch of game companies are coming to my work at the end of August.
So I'm going to get the smooths with the head of Konami.
Take those orange on the radio press kits.
I will be taking the press kits.
Hopefully we didn't bash too many of their products.
ahead, we're going to have the head of, what was it, they're going to be, I think, Microsoft
is coming, Ubisoft, Konami, well, there's about 25 invites at least that they're going
out to.
Now, tell that Konami dude that they need to release a freaking press release on Extreme
2 already. No, I know you're not really going to do that. You know there was a hint dropped
on the DER forums this week, though. Dancer X, which is one of those guys that we all
I know it has something to do with Konami, but doesn't really advertise it.
He came and it said, expect a small wave of information in the near future.
Well, we already found about, was it, there was more Ultramix 3 info.
Yes, there was more Ultramix 3 info.
I'm glad you brought that up.
That was also a DDR Freak forum thing.
One of the users on there, who I know I've seen their name before,
is a show listener.
So hello, guy, if you're listening.
That was actually Same, who sent the email to Zonk's official website
asking if they have songs in DDR Ultramix 3 and to come back, yes, DDR Ultramix 3 will
feature a song by Zonk and a remix by Zonk.
I forgot, what was I going to say, I looked back, I had to dive back in the archives in
my live journal back in the day, remember when I found there was a whole unprotected
section of Zonk's website that had a bunch of info about, that had a bunch of like graphics
and stuff that were used in the song.
they don't have that anymore. Apparently, ddrfreak managed to dig up this post that
said, the forbidden dance dance Basile from the Orifice release will be in UltraMix 3.
It's a weird song. Orifice was the folks that did Art of Hot, also. Orifice is just one
of the guys from Zonk, also, if you didn't know that. Orifice and Zonk are kind of related.
Orifice is just one of the guys from Zonk. And I think their song, Art of Hot, I think was the name of it? Or was that another group?
I can't remember. It's one of those songs, I have to admit, I love the Zonk song in UltraMix too, but I don't really play the Orifice song very much, sorry to say.
I wasn't a big fan of that.
Yeah.
So we know that the, so it's very interesting how many folks are coming back.
Oh I screwed up. The name of the song is I Spy. I found a clip of it. Here it is. Art of Hot was another band.
That's the orifice one.
And you can kind of see the similarities there to Zonk.
Rene posted us a link in the chatroom on Konami's official website.
They're still saying Spring 2006 for BeatMania.
There's an official little link there.
Yeah, I think it's still Spring.
I'll ask them. I'll bug them.
Because what's great about, you know, it's just, I don't know, I know the most about games.
It's just what it comes down to.
Just find out already if Cartoon Heroes is going to be in Xtreme 2 or not so we can shut these people on DDR Freak up.
Okay.
Alright.
Anyway, um, I guess we should open up the Skype line.
See if we can get some calls.
We've had people asking.
Alright.
Well, I'm firing up Skype right now.
Logging in.
Beep, beep, beep. Here we go.
I should see if there's been any upgrades to Skype recently.
You know you should check Skype's website often because they do fix their program quite
often.
They always release new ones.
So, did you know, by the way, we have like 61 people on our list on Skype.
I think that's kind of cool.
Okay, so I just logged on to Skype and there's only like five people in.
What's up with that?
Well, we're up and running.
We're ready for you guys to start calling in if you want to call us.
Remember, if you want more information on how to call the program, www.orangeloungeradio.com
click on interact with us.
And it has more information about the Skype line.
And I just dropped my mouse, which is really smooth.
Yes, DarkSakura.
That's what I think I'm about.
Oh, me dropping my mouse, yeah.
Oh, look, we got a call.
Let's take it.
Oh, this is a guy that used to call us like all the freaking time.
We haven't talked to him in a while.
Let's do this.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Legend of Zaku here.
Hello, Legend of Zaku. Long time no chat.
I know. I finally got broadband, so now I can do this.
And I'm in the middle of a storm, so I'm going to try to make this real quick.
Alright. Congratulations on the broadband upgrade.
Yeah, man. Anyways, I could vouch for you for the whole In The Groove 2 thing.
How so?
Because I've been already playing this game since, what, July?
Last month?
That's all I've been doing, playing in the groove in Coney Island and Chinatown.
So I can pretty much say it's a big improvement from the first one.
Really?
I don't know if that's really vouching for me, but okay.
Item by item, can you name how it's better?
Let me see.
Freeze rules, the fact that, you know, it's just a, you know, with the new cabinet and
the fact that the pads aren't as, you know, aren't as just crappy as, you know, as if
you were actually putting it in a DDR machine.
Let me state this too, maybe I should have gotten this out because, and this is one thing
where I may have said that in the group two looks exactly like in the group one because
the machine it ain't on the break is an upgraded old cabinet, you know, like a DDR cabinet
from back in the day.
Exactly.
So...
Most of the new machines...
To in the group's credit, that might be part of the reason why I'm feeling that way.
I didn't see a new build.
Most of the in the group two machines are brand new in the city.
Well I missed them.
So...
Zaku, you should have called me while I was out there.
Hey, I didn't have broadband, I was getting my broadband set up last week, so eh, to that.
I may be coming back. I may be coming back very soon.
Are you sure about it? You know digital life expo is happening in October.
I know, I know, but I don't know if I can swing the time off work.
I mean, it's worth it. I mean, you know, think about it.
What would persuade you to actually go there and bring the rest of the people so that way
you could broadcast it live?
It's not about persuading me. It's about persuading my boss, and I'm sure
Loki and Dark Sakura feel similar.
Especially that Dark Sakura will be a newlywed at the time.
Oh, it's the simple fact that I'm having to beg for two days of work, and I'm only going to have three remaining for the rest of the year after I get married.
Me, personally, I would love to come out there if I can get the time off, which I don't know if it's very likely.
I did see the advertisement about the tournament. It's tempting. I think I'd know more people in an NYC tournament.
Hopefully I should be competing there this year again, like I did last.
Let me put it this way, Zaku, I'm not saying no yet. I am considering the idea.
Oh, one more thing. As you already know, we New Yorkers already have an unlocked 2DX11 Red kit.
Yes, I've already played 2DX11 Red.
Where did 2DX Red go in New York?
This place called Tri-County Fair in Long Island.
Oh, okay. See, I didn't get a chance to go to Coney Island at all.
I mean, there's a lot in New York City, as you know.
So I didn't get a chance to really do everything. That's why I want to go back.
It's an unlocked machine, so we pretty much have all the other unlocks since the kit is straight from Japan.
it's used you know I had heard something about an in the groove 2
machine that opened up somewhere in Michigan and it already had everything
unlocked and all these people saw all these new songs they weren't supposed to
and then the next day the lock was back on and all the songs were gone and they
didn't realize the anyway I don't know I don't know why that's all I don't know
why I thought to mention that I just kind of remembered that right now
because I was hearing this story just like yesterday so anyway I'm throwing
that out there. Yeah man, that's what's been going on in New York so far. So this Digital
Life tournament that's coming up, is this the one where they're giving away like thousands
of dollars or something for the freestyle? Yes, two grand is the grand prize for most
if not all the events in the first place. So I know, now is Digital Life the same one
that Frequency went to last year and we interviewed him after that and he had had the run in with
like much music and stuff?
Yeah, I basically told him about how you wanted to interview him and all that.
Yeah, I remember that.
So yeah, I would love to go to that event if I can make it work, I don't know if I can.
But I will try.
See what you can do, man.
We would love to have you out there, and at least that would be good promotion-wise for
Orange Lounge.
I'm not thinking about it.
Loki, what do you think?
If Dark Soccer can't go, you want to go?
I don't want to sit next to another grandpa on Southwest.
Somebody's got to go with me.
Well, hopefully Nellie will have a car,
because I'm kind of driving her to work.
Oh, all right.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
I don't know.
All right.
So what are you going to be doing for the digital life?
I assume if there's $2,000 on the line, you're going to be.
Yeah, freestyle.
I mean, I'm going to be entering freestyle, like I did last.
Have you picked your song yet?
I think I'm planning on doing Swing It from Fifth Mix,
trying to dress up like Pee Wee Herman with the platform shoes, red bow tie, the buzz cut,
the whole thing, the whole nine yards for that one. That's thinking about it. It's getting close
to that. That's dedicated. No, I love it. Most of the veteran freestylers in, you know, in the city,
basically, you know, they really like that, you know, they really have some good positive,
you know, positive impressions on it when I first told it to him.
This would be Legend of Zaku doing Freestyle at the Digital Life tournament.
Oh God.
Anyway, that had to be it. No, that's cool. I hope it works out for you.
Yeah. Well, I will see what I can do. Any other news you wanna share?
Mmm, that's about it. I told you what's been happening so far and what we already have.
Mmm, just waiting for October to roll by, pretty much.
Alright, so this tournament's gonna be big news then, huh?
Yeah.
Alright, well we'll...
I just hope you could try to pull something.
We'll see, but all you other East Coasters, I know we have other East Coasters listening to the show,
make your way out to this tournament because it's gonna be frickin' huge and they're giving away money, lots of it.
Money, money, money.
Yeah.
low-key loads of money being given away doesn't just
is at least try man
uh...
britain reminds me a ticket and it's on the weekend i'll do it it is the
terminally
it's on a weekend so let me take it for five and five three back sunday although
jeff blues got reasonable rate
you know what a flight friday and sunday i mean it's it's all day flying with the
times of change everything
well all the point
so you might want to have any paper
we'll see what happens back at home we will have a meeting on it okay we'll
have a meeting
okay alright take care of that grab a good one
later by
uh... pipelines open if you want to call in w w w dot org dot com as i interact
with us
freers frees roles
that's really innovative cuz i've never seen that in another dance game like
pump it up or anything
you know we're getting uh...
the constructive feedback in the chair of the were really mellow tonight
night but i have to mention i think the picture of me doing this show
because they're doing that will article
about us in uh... my uh...
was it
the are kind of in company
magazine thing
they wanted you know they're going to be just grab a screen capture of you from
uh... but i don't really like it i don't want the retarded pictures
I want a non-retarded picture. That's what I was looking for.
And unfortunately, every single picture I've taken of, you know, me,
has been a retarded one. I'm not retarded, so why do my pictures come out retarded?
That's what I want to know.
Oh yeah, a picture of my foot. That would be perfect.
Send the picture of your feet over from the second OB.
No! What?
Okay, now Loki, we've just had a bit of anger, so let's, Dark Sakura, let's further
us down the un-mellow spiral what's there's somebody on the gorillas board I
post on I've been by the way made super mod on gorillas unofficial which I'm
very hurt but there's a person who I'm not gonna name names but who posts 75
posts today on their names start with the letter S no the letter T no but
someone but there's a thread on here that says describe the person above you
and he put does not love Katamari or his cousins I'm sorry he's the prince his
name is not Katamari huh just people frustrate me it's a video game related
and you don't want to know what though this isn't the only person that I have
seen this happen seen say stuff like this on a variety of boards that they
think that the primary character in a game is named after the game after the
game when they're like did you know that when you play Legend of Zelda you're
actually playing Zelda moving around I know I know but it's just I would say
that is you know people if you're gonna be a fan of the game actually know
something about it but it messy in some cases you lock out there you look you
luck out you luck out because the Super Mario Brothers you actually play as
Super Mario yeah but I've heard people call Luigi Mario 2 and green Mario this
green Mario. Yes, I kid you not. Alright. I just, I dug this up and I had to play it
because it's been like three weeks since I've done this, so I need, I need a little bit,
I need a little pick-me-up. I need a little bit of un-mellow here. God! I already know
what this is. Hey, Loki, what do you think about gay sex? Oh, it's so much fun. Then
I'll never get old, will it? Actually, it will get old. Cause there's another joke we
used to do the same thing for. I know. But then you'll just do something stupid and we'll
have something else. Hey! I forgot, well I actually didn't forget to mention, um, September
11th. No, you're not using that picture! Thank you to the chatroom listener who sent us that
picture of Loki. Who did that? Yes, you have picked the most retarded shot of me, and-
I was going to say, whatever those things are, that internet joke needs to die.
die whitey andy but that's not that i think i think i mean anyway um... you're
it's it's some catchphrase that started the whole thing i don't remember
okay wait but that was not an actual whitey m n d site that was the
uh... knockoff
uh... whitey m n d site that's actually some of these placeholder for the real
site
however we had another listener
head on over
to whitey m n d and actually came up with this and i'm letting this up right
now for the chat
are for uh...
dark sakura to uh... i'm not looking at this work
it's really funny things give me a headache the kid i could you not
over the graphic
hey loki what do you think about the exact
uh... it's so much fun
and then there's actually what do you think that i think that was the having
gave them
okay what do you think about the exact
uh...
loki what do you think that you had a picture of me drunk
September 11th, I'm going to be getting drunk here.
You're the man now, dog.
That's what YTMND stands for.
I think it's something that Randy Jackson said once.
And by the way, I'm not trying to be mean about anybody.
I just had to vent for a moment.
Oh, yeah.
I made a public correction.
OK, so September 11th, you're going
to be drinking because it's your birthday, right?
So do you have the day after off work or something?
Yeah, sure, whatever.
Yeah, I actually had to load that YTMND site in Explorer.
It doesn't work in Firefox, because Firefox is smart to block those things that repeat
the sound files over and over and the graphics over and over.
You know what, though?
Those things, it's like when they would give those, you know, when they entertain a blonde
It's the same type of stupid things.
You know, I did see a really, really funny one, though, once, and it was, I don't even
know if I should repeat this on the air, but it was that screen capture from Mike Tyson's
Punch Out.
Remember when you would, like, beat a stage?
It would show, like, Little Mac in training, and he's running through, like, the streets
of New York, and it shows his coach, which was this really big, fat, black guy, remember
that, like, Al Roker used to be, that was on the bike, that was kind of riding in front
of him, pacing him. And it's, um, it's, nigga stole my bike. This place. And it's just really
funny because that's not really what's happening in the picture, but then when you look at
it in that perspective, and it shows a little animation, it kind of looks like it. That
the guy stole his bike. Those things don't amuse me. That's the funniest one I ever saw.
I think that those are meant to amuse the easily amused, and I'd say complex amusement.
I need something with more substance to respond.
You're a, oh, what do they call those? Like a, you're a, you have snobby humor.
I can't help it. Well, I did the little humor.
You're stuck up when it comes to your humor.
I did the little humor thing in my life journal.
Anyway, enough about YTMND.
So yeah,
I need a non-retarded looking picture. We'll see what we can work out.
I take retarded looking pictures, so it's kind of tough.
Maybe if I stop slouching, because when I slouch it looks like my face is like
exploded. You know what this show needs?
An enema. No, more cowbell.
I had to make a Batman reference.
Have you seen, well Walken was in one of the, uh, um,
Walken for President!
I was just going to bring this up.
This is this big internet site that's been, um, going around the internet, Walken2008.com
or.org.
You know what?
I'm not going to, I'm not going to, uh,
I'm sure it's fake.
Yeah, I was pretty sure it's fake, but the thing is, is if, if something like that were
to pass, first of all, you need to make sure that if they're going to, if somebody's going
to run for president, put all of the issues up there first and foremost.
That site was very, very poorly done.
Very poorly done.
Well, the domain register or whatever was, like, a Lullerskates or whatever or something.
Lullerskates.
So, yeah.
All right.
Anyway, I think it's about time we get into the Orange Ons Radio Cage Match.
How's that sound, kids?
Sounds terrific.
Why not?
Okay, so which song of mine did we use last week that won?
Whatever the first one you put in there was on the disc.
I got to remember. I hope, uh, we could just start over. Yeah, I'm in trouble because I
don't know if I remember which song it was. Do you have any idea what song it was? What
are my choices? Shit, somebody in chat help us out. I'm sorry, Rob. You didn't like the
song, I assume. No, because it sounded generic. I'm looking, yeah, I purposely put a generic
one in there because I knew you'd love those ones um oh this is great we should
do a cowbell mix was it jet set in the name of love no that wasn't it I did
that one earlier why don't we start with a challenge
he's iTunes I seriously don't I seriously don't know what song I had left
in the cage match so I guess we'll start over fine so we'll start over tonight so
I gotta find a song and while I find a song
We're gonna start off with dark soccer stick because it's the only one I have ready to go. So dark soccer
What did you pick tonight for tonight's kid match? Um, I put in
it's I put it in the
Okay, what the afterbirth before might be after first the fortune cookie
But I couldn't think of anything else than MC Chris is just awesome. So it's MC Chris with geek
Alright, song number one in tonight's cage match, MC Chris with Geek. Here it is. Enjoy.
Your beads on the wall, my face, my face on TV
Make this a piece of pungent odor of a pile holder
Fan kickers coming 60 clips upon the sonar
They're gonna fold me over like a chopper keeper folder
If this is D&D you'd see me jumping to a portal
I'm a geek, spread G-E-E-K
I bring my boys in the basement about every day
A card table, common books, and cans of coke
But that be blood of another that I saw on shows
We got style
Tape on our glasses, sticks on our faces
All our faces they hit, all our acts are shining shoes
Bell buckles and pocket protectors
Straight to our backpacks like my main man Vic
Once we got problems
Made me the jocks
The MTV suckers with cartoons and their cocks
Otherwise soon as the motherfuckers touch the dick
If I was Wolverine
You'd hear my knuckles go stick
I'm not perfect
The before picture of Peter Parker
Always tripping, drop my tray in front of the girl
But always fuck cuz I got brains
Fuck B's and C's
I got a great point average higher than Henderson
And you see what I'm taking on me
Because I'm a geek, I'm thanks to you, you're thanks to me
Well, one day, I'm gonna pack heaps
Your face on the wall, my face, my face on me
Don't fuck with the geek, just cause he got a gift
You get my way, bitch, you get a broken neck pinch
One night I didn't go to sleep, off playing Risk
At dawn, I won, got global dominance
But in the hallway, it's completely different shit
Can't get my locker open and my pants are always split
Can't seem to catch a ride, can't ever get a date
But in my mind, seven to nine things were great
Crap, night fight!
Pre-Madonna's prevail
I'm a homo-sight in lines from the holy grail
Stuffed nose, extra swollen glands
Never been kissed, never been on hand
Just bust my biscuits over Britney in a bubble bath
Darth Vader within hand-scape full of collabs
The dragon died from a heart attack
You may advance and you're up to armor class
Being a geek, it ain't so bad
I can't get laid, I got your pantomime stashed
And I'm mind jam-packed with sci-fi facts
Ged Nox, rock, dynamite, kick-ass
Stop banging on me
Because I love you
Stop banging on me
Because I love you
But I wanna be safe
I'm gonna pack you
With my face on the wall
With my face
My name's on TV!
Stop thinking on me
Because I'm a thief
I'm straight to you
You're straight to me
Well, one day
I'm gonna pat you
Your bait's on the wall, my bait, my bait is on TV
Because I'm a thief, I'm safe to you, you're safe to me
Well, what do you say? I'm gonna pack it
Your babe's on the wall
All right, song number one in tonight's CAGEMASH MC Chris with Geek. Remember you guys will
be voting for your favorite and then that winner will go into rotation all week long
on Orange Lounge Radio. But we'll give you our opinions first and try to sway your vote.
So Dark Sakura, it was your pick, but what did you think?
It's MC Chris, he gets a 10. Just because that song is like high school for how many
people ever it's the perfect the perfect description Loki I get the seven I just
wasn't feeling it I don't know for me MC Chris is kind of one of those folks
where I think the joke gets old for me I think he's kind of a niche guy I'm
gonna get the joke I I do sorry I give it a six because it did have a catchy
I'll give it that. And he doesn't have chicks singing in most of his songs, so that was kind of a neat little addition.
Alright, moving on. Loki, you wanna go next or you want me to go next?
Whatever.
You go next then. What did you pick tonight?
I picked a song from Wipeout Pure. Hell if I remember what it's called.
How about, let me give you a hint, it's called Onyx by Cold Storage.
yeah onyx by cold storage it's the first levels music and it's cool and it's my
fallback pick because I couldn't find shit oh that's always impressive so yeah
it's not bad I liked it but yeah whatever all right here we go song
Point number two, cold storage with Onyx.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Song number two, Cold Storage with Onyx.
to see what we thought of that Dark Sakura.
Generic, five, sorry.
Loki.
He gets a nine, because it's better than Empty Chris.
I also give that song a six, because I found it to be pretty generic as well, I have to say.
Sorry.
Alright, let's go to my pick, uh, song number three tonight.
Since I can't remember what won the cage match two weeks ago...
Oh, it was something generic, don't worry.
Yeah, something generic that I would have given a six anyway, so let's just let's just go to a new song
I'm gonna pick this and I hope that this isn't generic. I actually decided to not do a trance type song tonight
I'm doing something. There's this band. I absolutely love and a lot of America loves this band, too
It's Frau Frau and you might remember I used to whore the cage match with these guys
And they had a big song that was in the movie Garden State called let go and it was really big and stuff
Well Imogen Heath who's the singer she just recently
like mortgaged her house so she could self-finance a new album and it's fucking
great and although a lot of it's really mellow I like this song and I think it
might work for CAGEMATCH so I'm picking this song it's Imogen Heap and it's
called I am in love with you. Enjoy!
I am in love with you, live for the moment
Right now, another piece
Right now, another piece
Just like that, like that
Another one, babe
And kiss me for longer
Oh hey baby, don't you run away Oh hey baby, don't you run away
Come here and finish what you started
I am in love with you, baby I am in love with you, yeah
At least for this moment
Spit second and it's all in focus
Spit second and it's all in focus
Spit second and it's all in focus
Oh, let this blood dry
Don't go and get yourself in situations
Don't go and get yourself in situations only that you can't handle
Don't forget you
Don't forget you
Don't forget you
I'm not in love with you
I'm not in love with you baby
I'm not in love with you
now I know
that I feel like I do
that I feel like I do
Song number three, Imogen Heap. I am in love with you. Let's see if we were in love with
that or if we want to break up. Dark Sakura.
You know, I really like her stuff but it sounded really kind of repetitive. In fact, a lot
of her stuff sounds the same. It wasn't bad at all, so it gets a 7.5.
Garbage is cool!
Yeah, like, garbage is cool!
No, but, um...
You know what I mean, though.
But that particular song is kind of, um...
It's the more upbeat one, if you could call it that, even though the lyrics are kind of depressing.
Uh, so I give it an 8.
Alright!
Actually, no, I give it a 6.
So that way, I've given all three songs tonight a 6, and that's 666.
That would be cool.
Anyway...
Yeah, I'm lame. Shut up.
Let's recap, and then you guys can place your votes.
song number one you can vote for tonight was MC Chris with geek and song number
two you can vote for tonight is cold storage onyx
And song number three tonight, Imogen Heap, I'm In Love With You.
Okay guys, place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky with your vote for song number one, song number two, or song
number three.
And we will reveal those votes as soon as we have them added all up.
Loki, this is the part of the show where I'd like to go to you for a sim scene update.
You know, and normally I'd say I don't have anything, but I actually do, surprisingly
enough.
First thing is, Food Mix 2 finally has a goddamn date that's gonna be released, and that goddamn
date will be September 15th.
And what can you expect but 50 new songs.
So that's pretty awesome. So yeah, that'll be something we'll be covering a little bit more a bit later on.
The other thing is that Tourney Mix 6 Download Pack 1 is available. I have not actually downloaded Download Pack 1, but it's up there.
So if you go to ddrei.com, you can visit the last of Tourney Mix. I'm sure we're all thankful for that.
and yeah I think that's pretty much all I had right now I know there's some
other ones but I can't remember but yeah so food mix 2 that's pretty awesome
alright super food mix news yeah I'm excited about food mix 2 now see if in
the groove was like food mix 2 it would be awesome if food mix 2 there's that's
That's the thing, it's got polish to it. I mean, everything, it looks professional. It looks like if, honestly, if they put it in its own game, if Konami were to, you know, go to the food mix guys and say, hey, make us a game, you know, we'll publish it for you, it would be a DDR game. It would look good.
I want to mention this because we haven't really gotten a chance to yet.
Actually, there's a couple things I want to talk about.
Let's go to this.
This is a story about the Pump It Up US song list.
Apparently some folks are actually already getting a hold of this game somehow.
I think it's because they're in the industry, so they know people that know people.
But for the rest of us, we get it on the 31st of this month, I want to say, is when Pump
It Up comes out.
this 101 songs on the song list freaking crazy right not bad for first yeah not
bad at all just a whole shitload of Banya songs I can't even read all these Banya
songs there's so damn many but if there's a Banya song you like Mr.
Larpus, Beethoven's Virus, Turkey March, B like all the big ones they're all
there you know you want it that's all there also some you know kind of what
US Known Songs, Name of the Game, Crystal Method, Walkie Talkie Man, Stereogram, I Love
You Baby, Pandera, Let's Groove, Earth Wind and Fire, Little Less Conversation, the remix
of the Elvis song, and Rapper's Delight by the Sugarhill Gang.
A lot of those were kind of sort of announced previously, but they are on the official song
list.
Also some K-Pop coming over, which I think is kind of cool.
Just a whole lot of other songs.
I'm just kind of scanning through the list, seeing what I can find in here.
Come to Me and Funky Tonight by Klon, of course, are coming over.
Empire of the Sun, Novasonic, Boa, Valenti.
Boa, that's cool.
Yeah, I thought that was pretty cool too.
Let's see, what else is on here that I recognize?
Shake It Up by Rod.
So you know what guys, just head on over to Beat, or I'm sorry, either BamaniStyle.com
has the list, or there's actually a thread in the DDR UK forum as well that both have
the list.
Check it out.
I'm actually, you know, even though I said earlier in the show, I actually prefer Integroove
to Pump It Up because I don't like Pump It Up's interface, I still want to give the home
version a shot.
I think it might be fun to play at home.
And especially with like 101 freaking songs, that's going to be hard to wear out.
So I definitely will check this game out and let you know what I think.
I wish I could have gotten an advance copy!
So, speaking of Pump It Up, we're working on some little extra news we might have on
that for a little later in the show.
Also, we've got to talk about DDR with fire.
Well,
you know, Dance Dance Emulation, we talked about it a while back, there was going to be a
Burning Man in this
fire festival that's in Oakland.
I was just about to get to this, yes. I've been teasing it like the whole show, and now I'm finally getting to it, but that's alright.
It looks awesome, from what I've seen gameplay-wise. They had a lot of hardware trouble, though, because I guess the pads broke, the thing crashed, all that type of thing.
But I got to see there's a little bit of footage on the website, actually, that shows...
Yes, actually DDRFreak posted a video about this and I wanted to show this, if I could get to it, so we could have a little bit of movie nights.
And now, oh darn it, I can't find the video. I can bring it up again real fast here. So you actually watched the video, Loki, of this?
Yes.
And what did you think?
That was interesting. The guy in the suit reminded me of the Bunnyman from the Intel commercials, but it was an interesting idea. I don't know, it's just one of those Burning Man things, because they've got a lot of weird things that they do at Burning Man, and that would be one of them, so.
You crazy kids. It looks interesting.
Yeah.
Let me see, let me see, because JB, you probably haven't seen this yet, right?
Probably not.
Let me show this to you here.
I can't see through you.
Hold on, I'm gonna move. I just gotta open this up first.
Okay, here it comes.
Oh, wait, we need some music. We need some music. Hold on.
Oh, yeah, I have.
Did you? Oh, here it is again.
Play a little after the game of love.
Then...
Whoosh! Fire!
Whoosh! Fire!
Yep, that's pretty much, uh, dance simulation.
Whoosh! Fire!
Hey, fire in the spring.
DDR whoosh fire mix.
I'll say it. What a stupid idea.
I'm sorry.
Now if you really caught on fire and was dancing on fire, that might be cool.
This is somebody's inside joke gone like way, way, way too far.
I'm just waiting for someone to put themselves on fire because they saw them
I love it because on the DDR Freak story it says, you know, it links to the article and
everything and it says, note, we urge you not to try this at home, you know, like, you
know what, don't even put the disclaimer, let somebody try it at home, that's Darwinism,
kids.
No, it's all good.
You know what, I want someone to try it at home so I can submit their story to the Darwin
Awards.
I don't get it because everybody's talking about this sensation of being blasted with
fire and all this stuff, you know, well you can feel the sensation of being blasted with
fire.
Okay, A, if you want to feel the sensation of being blasted with fire, become a firefighter.
B, if that's not for you or whatever, because you're wearing all these protective gear,
I mean I understand that there's that heat sensation or something, and I'm just knocking
on this I guess because it's not something I would ever really want to do.
I'm just not interested in it.
I'm also not you know I just like I don't really want to visit central
Mexico so I'm not going to do it ever I don't really want to play pool yes in
the way go out and get laid there are more things better than fire being
blasted in your face like a good woman go get laid honestly that that's what I
needed a woman co-design this game I think some prostitutes are cheaper than
I'm surprised the whole set up didn't blow up then.
Whoa! Whoa! Did you hear that joke you just made?
Excuse me? Repeat myself?
You should have listened in the first place.
No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
If you want to hear that joke, you can tune into the rewinds that we have on DVR Freak for Yield.
No, no. We would be able to listen to it if someone would remember to upload it to DVR Freak's server.
I've been out a couple weeks, and we will get back in the swing of those very soon, so...
I think they're playing one from a month ago.
Yeah.
We'll be back in the swing of those.
It's almost the same show every week anyway.
No, nothing else is going on.
I'm gonna go ahead and repeat the joke because it wasn't my joke,
so I won't get in trouble for it, but I said, did the woman co-write it?
And then he said, well, I'm surprised that the whole thing isn't broken.
Actually, I said I'm surprised the whole thing didn't blow up.
Oh, sorry.
I'm going to strangle you with the mic cord now.
From now on, Loki will be a ghost.
He will be here in spirit only.
When I get around to it.
Anyways, no.
But see, at Burning Man, if it blew up, it'd be good.
I don't know.
Oh, man.
Why?
Hmm.
Why?
I don't know.
I just, I don't feel like you're really feeling the sensation of fire because you're wearing
a protective suit all over, so it's like it kind of takes away from that, it's like, feel
like what it's like to get shot, here's a bulletproof vest, you know?
And you know somebody's going to come up with this, like, dance, dance, you know, south
central where you've got to dodge the bullets that get shot at you if you miss a step.
I feel what it's like to get married and get kicked in the nuts.
I don't appreciate that.
Yeah, you two are the ones getting married in this next year.
I'm not, so whatever.
Alright.
We're going to go to a break.
When we come back from the break, more stuff.
Also, tonight's cage match winner,
I haven't even started looking at the votes yet,
so we'll get to all that when we come back after a quick break.
and I think I have the appropriate song to start us off this break
So we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
You've had the time to rest, which is coming to an end, and we start again.
You gotta give them CX a wish, you gotta let them go
One, two, three, fire!
I'd be here, I'd be here, I'd be here every day
I feel you, I feel you, I feel you everywhere
I feel you, I feel you, I say to you every day
I feel you, I feel you, I feel I'm anywhere now
I feel you, I feel you, I say to you everywhere all day
I feel you, I feel you, I feel you everywhere day
I feel you, I feel you, I say to you everywhere
I feel you, I feel you, I feel I'm anywhere now
I feel, I feel, I feel like I'm falling
I feel, I feel, I feel like I'm waiting
I feel, I feel, I say to you every day
Happy New Year!
oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh.
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh.
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'm leaving you.
There's little love to find.
where my heart belongs.
I'm living through the midst of love
through by the day my heart belongs.
Living through the midst of love
To find a place my heart belongs
I'm living through the fear of love
To find the place where my heart belongs
Orange Lounge Radio, Bahmani Music, and more.
Howdy kids, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, and in that break you heard some fire
from Disney's Rave, Happy Wedding from 2DX7 style, Lion Musashi with Thunder from 2DX8,
and DJ Doc with Pump It Up, I'm sorry, with Run To You from Pump It Up, I read it backwards,
sorry.
You wanna know what's funny? We did that at karaoke on the E3 trip.
What?
On the DDR Frank Moderator. Run to you, because we went to a Korean karaoke bar.
Oh, you went to a Korean karaoke bar. I remember the Korean arcade at Cyberbeat, but you didn't
go to Cyberbeat, did you?
No, but we went to a Korean karaoke place. And actually, I did a song off the Japanese
but it was only English, it was a bulla.
Ah.
I cannot forget at the Korean arcade, the cyber zone, I think it's called, I hope it's
still around, it was a cute little place, where they were having this tournament, they
had karaoke boost in the back, but it was the kind of thing where you'd lock yourself
in and you'd put in a couple tokens and you could sing a song, and I swear to God, Rice
Princess and I were in there the entire tournament, we probably missed the whole tournament thanks
to those karaoke rooms.
I was singing Cyndi Lauper, and I was singing, you know, just everything, everything.
it was fine. And it would grade you when you were done, which I thought was kind of weird.
Well, yeah, but that's like almost typical of just about every other karaoke thing I've
done except for the ones like where we normally go to karaoke.
Yeah. Anyway, I actually wanted to mention something about Pump It Up. We actually have
a little bit of an exclusive here. So we have a tip from our buddy Maple, and Maple, he's
sharing this with us so that we can tell you guys that Banya with a song, and I'm gonna
I'm gonna fuck up the pronunciation of this.
Niceance, N-A-I-S-S-A-N-C-E, Niceance, Niceance, I don't know.
Niceance.
Niceance.
This song will actually be unlocked in survival mode.
In Pump It Up, so that's not on any of the song lists
that are already out there, so go figure.
If you didn't know, the way that Pump It Up,
the home version works, it's got like different modes.
Home mode has no life bars in it.
The arcade mode is like the arcade, but survival mode, when your life bar runs out, you lose.
So there's these different modes you can play that kind of alter the life mode, and by playing
the right way, you will get this new Bonnie song.
You know what, if I was any good at Pump It Up, I think I would dig the one that doesn't
have a life bar.
Yeah.
I'm gonna, um, I'm gonna, uh, pick up this game.
Even though I'm not, like, huge on Pump It Up, I just think such diversity in the game.
I'm hopeful, even though Mad Catz is publishing it, I'm very hopeful about the game.
It looks like it's going to be pretty good, so I'm definitely going to pick it up.
Naysons is how you pronounce that, by the way. Thank you, kids in chat.
Look soon to our site. We're going to have some videos of this game in progress.
So, we'll have that sometime in the next week. So, those of you guys looking forward to, pump it up in the U.S.
Something else I wanted to share with you guys, an anonymous tip from the chat room.
not so much an anonymous tip, actually. This came to us from, I believe Dark Knight sent
this over to me, and if I mess that up, I'm very sorry. This is a link on IGN.com, actually,
that talks about a preview for a new Nintendo DS music game from the people that made Guitar
Man. Osutake Oondan. Let me see, let me think of it. Excuse me, it's in the laptop. Yeah,
Yeah, I saw that one. It's weird-looking.
Well, how so, Loki?
Um, it looks like...
Tatakai...Tatakai means fight.
Um, Olendan, I'm not quite sure, but it means, hey, fight something.
Alright.
It looked funny because there's like these three guys dancing and stuff,
and there's this guy that looks like yelling at them, and I don't really know what that was.
I was just based off the pictures that I saw in there.
Hmm interesting
Basically, it involves three like soldier type guys that are going around and around the town and they they motivate people with manly poses
but it's up to the player to control just how well that they can motivate so it's kind of like a
Follow the pattern type challenge and it matches the beat of the song that's being played of course
Using the touchscreen. Oh, why am I thinking of like the super sentai pose?
those things that they do for every time they speak.
During the song, a series of numbered circles pop up on screen as the player's tasked to
tap the circle to the rhythm of the song.
Now the game offers a little bit of help by providing a ring around each circle as they
appear, and when the ring matches the circumference of the beat circle, that's the exact moment
it needs to be tapped.
I think Technic Beat kind of does something a little similar there, so...
Technic Beat is confusing.
Yeah, but this song sounds like it's just the tap on the right circle, so that should
be interesting there. But that's not it. There's also pathways in the game where you
don't just tap. They're a little bit longer of a beat. You have to tap and drag your stylus
to the beat. It's like a virtual volleyball, one end of the path to another and back again.
So that's kind of the guitar man-ish part of it. That should be very interesting.
Rob, say that last word for me. O-U-E-N-D-A-N. O-U-E-N-D-A-N, yes.
Okay, I'm gonna see what that means.
Alright.
Okay.
Alright, uh, let's get to tonight's cage match winner, boys and girls.
I know you've been waiting a while to hear it.
Tonight's cage match winner was won by one vote.
And I have to say tonight, kids, not a lot of votes tonight.
I'm very pissed at your apathy.
But for those of you guys that did vote, thank you.
They're being too emo.
Yeah, I guess so.
Maybe they were too wrapped up in the, uh, emo chick song.
Unfortunately, that's not the song that won tonight.
The song that won tonight was...
Onyx by Cold Storage with one vote over MC Chris.
Sadness.
Hooray for generic.
He had on the picket song next week.
Rub it in. Rub it in.
To those of you guys who didn't vote, poop on you.
I think going into that, though, I think that it's highly appropriate to have, you know...
Oh, some ranting time?
Yes, some ranting time.
I agree. I'm ready to be pissed off. I'm ready to do a little ranting. So Chat Room, if you're ready to do some ranting too, it's that time of the show, boys and girls, where we get into the FUs of the week.
Now, you know what's interesting, DarkSakura? I know you put this in the pre-show folder, and I know you didn't intend for this to be your new FU theme.
What?
I've not put that in there for you since you never seem to be able to find it.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
We're going to have to do this next week.
I have some funny music that you can use for game show stuff.
I put it on my card, especially for you guys.
I'm sorry, this isn't about ranting.
But it's funny!
I want that as my F.U. music because it's so weird.
Well, you get Menomina on one.
By the way.
Oh, fine.
Olendan means something to the effect of cheering party.
Or cheering gang or posing gang.
Well, that makes sense if they're like a motivational group that runs around.
Yeah, so it's like, hey, fight! Cheering party!
Okay.
Fight, kill, blood makes grass grow. Fight, kill, blood makes grass grow.
Actually, that used to be our homecoming chant every year because our, uh, rival school for homecoming was McGill.
So it was kill McGill, blood makes the grass grow.
This used to be our cheer.
And this kind of ties into the next segment here, so I'll kick it off with a little cheer.
I'm gonna kick off tonight's FUs with a little cheer.
You're gonna be our cheerleader!
Yes, I am. Okay, ready?
Has it already been brought in?
yes so I'm broadening it right now okay give me a cue cue give me a cue cue give
me a cue cue give me a cue shut up what's that spell for cue you know what
we had one Rob what give me B B Q you know to be B give me another B B what's
that spell 3b you're retarded why are we doing this why was the band here okay
Okay, why are we doing the 4Q of the week?
Because we're full of emo.
My first F.U. goes to people who like generic crap.
My second F.U. of the week goes towards just being given random assignments at work and
then having to go back and do everybody else's stuff because certain people decided not to
come into work that day and aren't going to be in the next week, so I get to do it again.
Yay!
F.U. goes toward having to basically do a lot of the wedding crap on my own, although
I've been getting a bit more support as of late. Well, it's not really that I'm doing
it on my own, it's just that there's certain things about it that are more important to
me than they are to the other party in my wedding.
You guys should do a reality show about my wedding.
No! Hell no, okay? Hell no. This is close enough to reality. More like unreality. Another
much longer to wait. Something for the podcast, sorry. I just had a tiny little fanboy orgasm
though. F.U. goes to Loki for showing Rob Krabs you're my F.U. Excuse me, it's my moment,
okay. Animal Crossing DS needs to be out like now. Dude, when's that supposed to be out?
November.
Haha.
Aww, fuck them.
F you to not being able to register for my wedding because, you know, I want to register
and all this because, you know, I don't care what people say about, you know, don't send
me gifts.
When you get married, people feel obligated to give you a present, you know, it's just
how things are.
So, I want Amazon gift certificates and that's it.
How many toasters do you want, seriously?
You don't eat bread.
Exactly.
I don't fucking need a toaster.
So, yeah.
Um, as to the traditional ideas of having to give people, like, household goods for
their wedding, just give me an Amazon gift certificate.
I'll be happy.
Um, that's it.
Alright.
Let Dark Sakura save up so she can buy many copies of the Kama Sutra.
I don't need that.
Oh, why would she need many copies of it?
You know, just to have in various rooms at the house.
Loki's turn.
Teacopter 2, which was a waste of my time. Don't import that game, ever. It looks strange, but not strange enough.
And, um, yeah, and also fuck you too, that stupid, um, Jack, whatever his name is. I don't even want to, you know.
Jack Thompson?
Jack Thompson!
The idiot?
Eh, friggin' idiot.
Oh, no, no, no. I'm gonna bring up later on about VGCats.
But he, you know, he just has to go out there and just, you know, perpetuate the let's not blame the parents for our kids' problems, let's blame someone else stereotype.
So anyways, to hell with him. I hope he dies. In some ironic way that has to do with video games. I'm done.
kostjamrh And FU'd a Nintendo for not having Animal Crossing DS out like now.
But my aim's improving.
You owe me rent on that, you know?
I used to have that bumper sticker on my car like years ago when I really hated my ex. We're friends now.
Anyway, none of that matters.
I don't know, just a nephew to the fact that I'm
a nephew to the fact that I've got a lot of drama going on
in other places that don't have to do with the show or anything, but I can't really
on air either so just nephew to all that drama going on there um and an fu2 um an fu2 um
me because i have nothing else to say stuff angst in general you think i'd have a lot
of more fus for my travel but i really don't um just an fu to southwest for being a crappy
airline by the way yes i'm gonna change my fu theme because i have but i have to go be
Find it to download to the Mighty Mosh and Emo Rangers theme.
And I heard it's going to jump to $3 tomorrow or the next day.
Do I have a justifiable reason for not wanting to drive now?
Fuck cage match 2 and I want a copy of Geek now.
Legend of Zaku says F you to the Iraqi insurgent who capped one of my school's student-soldier
to death last Sunday.
And F you to President Bush for making that situation possible.
F you to all the thunderstorms we've been having tonight, thus taking out the power
in my house for a little bit.
And F you to my cable provider Cablevision for providing shitty digital cable that gives
channels with piss-poor lag and pixelation. Tomo-kun says fuck my iTunes library for corrupting
itself and all but one song not recovering. The acapella to feel good Inc. was the song
that got saved. You saved it? Send that to me please. Chamara says F you to not having
enough money to buy cool stuff like ATHF DVDs and Napalm. Sacarina says F you to Jack Thompson
for being the biggest fucktard on earth and causing havoc worldwide.
Dark Knight says my F.U. goes to my job for driving me insane, another to being broke
and finally to gas prices, this has gone too damn far.
Dirty Thief says F.U. to my damn boss for giving me six extra hours of work, F.U. to
traffic thunderstorms and other shit that ruins my Sunday night including these damn
electronic shit and and f you to damn wet streets nearly making me hit a poor
dog fuck that my friend almost hit a cat the other night when we were driving in
Pennsylvania oh it's the saddest thing ever and he almost had a heart attack
don't don't hit animals on the road didn't try hard enough dark Tetsuya
says amen to Loki fuck you to Jack Thompson surely you have something
better to do oh and Tomo kun says no the one that didn't get saved I screwed up
I'm being assisted with that and I will be happy to share.
large contingent from some site? A few of the people from the Gorillaz unofficial chats
listening in. Hi guys! Super! Thank you for listening in. We have Bexar and Ross and I'm
trying to remember who else is listening but if I don't remember, hi! You get a big shout
out from me. We like it when new people listen. I'm going to tip the orange lounge hat by
just giving a little nod with the song here. We'll dance like they do in the iPod commercials
here with the shadows and everything. I'd rather not dance like they do in the iPad commercial.
Ooh, you can just keep playing this for me.
Okay, that's all you get. Sorry.
You know what, though, that makes me think of this. I saw
this in the... I was randomly having lunch in Phoenix yesterday, right?
Jason took me to this Chinese restaurant, and we were watching commercials
on TV, and I saw this one that looked like it was parodying
that commercial with the Feel Good Inc. and the iPod Shadow Dancers, right?
But it was children doing the shadow dancing, and we were like, what the hell is this?
And it turns out it was actually for like a Kidz Bop CD, but no, it gets better.
It was actually an all Christian Kidz Bop version.
I don't remember what it was called, it's like, wow, wow, that's inspiration or something
like that, Kidz Inspiration or something.
It was, it was Kidz Bop, but all God music, and it was Jesus telling you to copy, or to
copyright infringement. Yes, I thought Thou Shalt Not Steal was one
of the, uh, Thou Shalt Not Steal copyrights. You know, we need to actually check the original
translation to see what this says. Actually, point of order, in case you didn't know, it's
the, uh, original translations, uh, for, uh, Thou Shalt Not Kill is actually Thou Shalt
not commit murder.
Interesting.
Yes.
See, I love how much crap they changed.
You know you're opening a whole can of worms when you bring up religion.
I'm not gonna bring, I'm not gonna open up the religion for the worm.
My God, I mean, we get hate mail when Loki bashes on Mac, so we don't wanna get religion.
And you know what, I usually forward all that over to his email.
Oh, good.
I don't get any hate mail.
Exactly.
Although I did share the funny Mac one with you.
Yeah, whatever.
That one was stupid.
All right.
We're going to go to a quick break.
Boys and girls, when we come back, we're going to do a
little bit of Ask Orange Lounge.
And I just came back from a trip, and we were kind of off
last week, except for, well, there was the
music show going on.
But we haven't had a chance to do some Ask Orange Lounge in
a little while.
So here's your chance to ask us something.
Anything you want.
So we're going to go just to some more music potpourri.
I'll probably do another In the Groove song this break for
you folks that are into that and I know there's a lot of folks out there that
are into this song we haven't played it in a long time so like it or not here's
some cartoon heroes we'll be back after this one more orange lounge radio and
Ask Orange Lounge to send your questions in to Skye, be of type of message.
We do the things you want to see, brain by brain, to the X-ray
Our friends are so unreasonable, they do the unpredictable
I doubt a lie to speak and say what we do and what we can't wait to do
Let's go down north and far away, do it on the little bay
Brain by brain to the X-ray, one by one we made it far
We are the time to be heroes of the world We are the hope to find a man for the robot
He's crazy by your back, crazy mind Oh no, don't wanna let him out, he's a vampire
Get your fire back, we're running from the end We're time to run to the fire
We've got a superman, we've got a metal man We're gonna shoot, we're gonna shoot, we're gonna fire
Oh
To the end, nothing to change my world
The end you'll love
I wanna stay with you tonight
Baby, baby, I need you every time
Love is on me and I wanna stay
Give me baby and tell me you are my love
And now you give me all your love
And feel some pride for me, let's get it on
I love you like you are baby, now I give you my heart
Call me old man, Juliet
Forever and together
I love you babe
Call me old man, Juliet
Gonna tell us not to feel so true
Roll me your hand, do me aye, forever and together
I love you babe, roll me your hand, do me aye
Nothing can change my world, me and you, love
I just made that connection. I think the guy wanted to hear the Romeo and Juliet song from
In The Groove and I played that one instead. Whoops! Boy, did I fuck that one up. I don't
I fucked that one up. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Suck it. Alright. In that
break you also heard cartoon heroes. I just thought he made a sad typo. It didn't connect
to my mind at first. It's not my fault these people can't be unique and come up with unique
titles for their songs
max unlimited in that break to
minimum and as a minimally in a minimal i think it's minimally and then the
molly yeah
yeah uh... by many something many something
and in romeo julieto by lolita
you know if you know you know i detroitian or deep no detroit yet to
come to my end
detroit and that's a cool name
Here's a little clip of the other Romeo and Juliet song.
You know I actually do like this Romeo and Juliet better too. Why didn't I think of this at first?
I don't know. I'm just in a paramode tonight or something.
I don't know. I can't believe I did that.
Next time kids specify the artist if there's more than one song by the name
or I might fuck your request up.
I bet that guy's not happy, though, whose request I fucked up, but, you know, I'm human.
What can I say?
Yeah, the other one, it was Tomokun requested it.
I know.
I'm sorry, Tomokun.
And he specifically spelled it a different way.
It didn't click for me at first.
I'm sorry.
Ross doesn't care about our listeners.
You know what?
You found me out.
It's just because In the Groove's forgettable, that's all.
I was waiting for Loki to jump in there with some slamming in the groove comment.
You snubbed my fanboy.
I'm sorry.
Dude, I may have snubbed your fanboy, but I didn't snub your stalker. I've been reading DDR Freak lately, and that's...
Okay, my stalker is scary. Oh my god. Oh my god. No, no, no, no, no, no.
This Blair is King guy.
Yeah.
Doc Sacra, I watched you leave in your car today.
Are you going to lock another thread today?
I mean, I really do want to thank...
Iguana Girl is my best friend, and she will stick up for me as needs be, and she called
him out for me.
And I was like, okay, now I hope he doesn't do anything else.
I've sort of been sticking to my assigned forums over on imaging and the UK forum and
the moderator forum.
and sometimes sneaking into random chat, so I've been good at avoiding him on the board,
but it's like I still hear about things, so it's, ugh! Creepy! See, Tomo-kun is not creepy.
Tomo-kun is fanboy. Fanboy is cool. Creepy stalker is not cool.
Private messages with pictures of... He sends me private messages saying, you should probably
warn this person. You should probably warn this person. You should watch this thread.
I send those to Iguana Girl and sometimes you, and I'm not stalking you guys.
I know, but he's like all the time doing it, and I'm like, oh my god, you're a freak.
No way he is, he's a kid's ass.
This poor guy's probably listening, and you're breaking his heart.
I hope so!
You're breaking his heart.
I'm giving him a solid dose of reality, it's good.
He sounds like a brown-noser to me.
Good for the soul.
Yeah, it actually does sound kind of like he's trying to kiss my ass.
He just wants to be a mod, is that so wrong?
Isn't that what all the kids want, is DDR Free Pod Hatership?
Yeah, he wants to be a mod.
He wants to be a mod.
Being a moderator on DDR Freak is not all roses and sunshine.
So he can get closer to you.
Doesn't he know that...
Don't say stuff like that! You're freaking me out!
Doesn't he know that the mods on DDR Freak are pointed by God and you can't obviously
become one unless you know you have like a miracle?
Actually, if you want to know, we sort of vote on you, moderators.
You have to have three miracles.
Yes.
And then after that we part the Dead Sea and...
You know, spit nails, shit ice cream, that kind of thing.
Alright kids, we gotta get to the next segment. You know it, you love it.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid questions.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
I think the first question is from BlairIsTheKing
and the question he has this week is, Dark Sakura, will you marry me?
I'm proud of myself for that one.
I made that up.
I should be on Whose Line Is It Anyway?
RENEE has two queries, one for Loki.
One for Loki.
Since he's playing Star Soldier, does that freaky face that becomes whole mid-level boss
still appear in the game?
Yep, every single level almost.
that
uh... rini says and one for anybody who's played at e three i hear i heard
i heard i heard that the e three demo for we heart katamari was exclusive for
e three it was he even talks to you what was so exclusive about it he actually
said
that the others is convention with all these people playing this to see my
beautiful presence or something
so it's actually talking about
people being at e three
Yeah, it actually, in the text, it actually talks about, like,
oh, we hope you enjoy this E3 demo, you know, and, like,
I just remember the E3 was referenced in the King of Cosmos dialogue,
and it's kind of too bad that that dialogue will probably never see the light of day in the real world,
because it was that same, like, funny writing, quirky writing, that makes Katamari Damacy so special.
So that was pretty much what it was.
That game got delayed till September as well.
Doh!
I'll just say, hey Bradley, you live like what, five minutes from my house? Why don't you come over and
Oh yeah, bring Katamari too! You can bring it.
An HD loader and an HDL dump, you know.
Our resident Poppy is the choir. You'll have to come over and show me how to get us it up, by the way.
I have, I have, we love Katamari on an unmodded
US PlayStation 2. If I, if I get a US,
If I get the old-style PlayStation on a hard drive, can I still get an HD loader somehow?
Yeah, there are free versions that are available for your memory card,
and you can even run homebrew stuff and all that wonderful stuff without a mod chip.
Good to hear.
Sakurino wants to know, what does Loki think about stuffed penises?
That's the question.
Look at the monitor yourself, there it is.
Well, honestly, we were going to get Rob an inflatable penis, and to surprise him,
We found it at the adult store that we went to.
We actually went to Gold Club Centerfolds with Rob's roommate and my fiance.
Oh, and speaking of Rob's roommate, here comes X to her right now.
And so my fiance, she got a lap dance and the stripper licked her boob.
And then, well, she was getting like, you know, I personally had to pay for all three of us.
So, that was a $150 adventure in which I got no lap dance and no boobs rubbed in my face
and the G6 were fucking awful.
What the hell happened?
Lap dance is always better when the stripper is crying.
X to Purr?
Yes.
Gay man?
Uh huh.
Stripper club?
How?
What the hell?
What was up with it?
Actually, I used to go all the time too.
So, I bet.
Your first experience, how was it?
It was great.
There were strippers. Can I say? Can I say anything?
You can say whatever you want on the internet. Oh, I can? Okay. I saw a lot of pussy, and
I saw a lot of ass. And actually, Loki's girlfriend pointed out to me that they bleach their assholes.
And like, they really do. Oh my God.
Like they seriously do. Like, it's like regular skin.
THE SPEAKER LIFUS SHIPPERS!
Yeah.
And, um, so yeah, a lot of pussy, a lot of ass, a lot of boobs.
But I didn't get boobs rubbed in my face either.
Me neither!
I'm telling ya! Okay, all three of us were sitting at the goddamn rail.
I was tipping for all three of us because I had to.
And, um, who gets the boobs rubbed in their face but my goddamn fiancé?
You know, as it should be,
I think what we need to do is we need to crop just that little portion of the show right there and have that be the four-year consideration clip for next year's live agency 5-4.
It's just expert going, and some strippers bleached their assholes!
Orange Alarm's Radio, Video Game Radio.
We like video games and, uh, stripper chat.
You know...
highward degenerating into
pleased at holds that you know i will always get it better than um... then um...
i think you just made some of your parents and i think i think i think we
should also use that as the fake way to dark sacros tip of the week you know
think you know
we talked about the games are all the time
we would have time to talk about
strippers bleaching their assholes. Oh my god, it's actually funny, one of our listeners in the girl's chat says that she's heard about it.
My god. So good job, good job, Sakarina. Bleach asshole chat. Good job. Your smart ass question about Loki liking stuffed penises just led to that whole discussion.
That's it, that's it. From now on we no longer have Paris Hilton chat, we have bleach asshole chat. Same difference.
still wants to go back to strip club but I want to go next time I got boobs in my
face I got boobs in my face last time I I remember the very same love gay men
and this is the only time oh yes yes they're like sure with a nice big
rainbow they're like okay they're oh you're gay oh we could do all sorts of
things to you I'm like what the hell they have this new flat in their
boundaries.
New platinum room and they tie you up.
Supposedly.
Anyways.
Yeah.
Alright, moving on.
Listen to Zaku says, now that I, now that my ass has broadband, I need some cool things
to do besides look at Prawn and the like.
Some suggestions for Zaku now that he's upgraded to broadband.
Downloading our podcast.
Subscribe!
Go into iTunes and search for Orange Life, and did you know we're featured on iTunes
this week?
Did I mention that? Did I mention that?
And vote for us on podcast.com.
And then get a Bittorrent and download a bunch of Sentai TV.
I was going to suggest online gaming now that you don't have to develop.
Get into some online games.
Oh my god, you can play free Ragnarok with me if I can ever get care at work.
Try some online games.
Play PSO with me.
I'm wondering when I'm going to actually get back to playing Final Fantasy XI.
All these console games distract me.
Tomokun wants to know, why did my brother get a text message at 5 a.m. from his jobs assistant manager about his penis size?
Drunk.
Um, gay? I don't know. Probably not gay.
Perhaps he had-
American penis so big!
Perhaps he had inquired about his penis size earlier in the day and his boss just finally got around to getting it done.
Maybe you didn't hear the whole story.
Maybe that's what's going on.
Also, moving on, MJSI24 wants to know, I listen to the
podcast mostly, as I can't listen to the live show
usually, hey, you and about 1,000 other people, by the
way, in comparing the ratings from a podcast to the live
show, but I'm wondering when you record the podcast, what
are you planning on talking about this week, and what day
will it officially be posted to iTunes for download?
We record our podcast, believe it or not, immediately after we do this show, which is
why if we ever sound a little worn out, or what was the word that one of our emailers
used once?
We sound a little dead.
We sound a little dead because we do this three hour show first and then we do the podcast.
What we're talking about this week, Dark Sakura, tease that article you wanted me to
read tonight.
Yes, there's actually one I'm going to be talking about, those on BBC News, about how
how parents don't actually pay attention to what the games are rated when they buy them.
And admit it.
So another fun parents are ignorant discussion.
Should be a good time.
What day will it officially be posted to iTunes to download?
It should show up.
It usually gets posted right after midnight Pacific time.
So early, early Monday morning.
They're supposed to roll out on Mondays.
So when you wake up Monday morning, it should be there.
If not, we had some type of internal problem and we'll get it up as soon as we can.
So that should answer that.
Tomokun wants to clarify he was talking about his own cock,
as he put it.
Not Tomokun, but anyway, forget it.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I think that was it.
That was pretty much all the questions we had.
I thought we might have had one more.
Did I lose it?
What did I do?
Did I accidentally close the window?
Do we have any emails?
Our emails were all for... Yeah, all the emails we get are the podcast.
No one loves us. Remember, a thousand more people listen to the podcast than listen to this show.
But that's okay.
So we do this show because we love you guys.
Really. This is just a labor of love now because we're certainly not getting the ratings.
It smells like fresh podcast in here.
are you talking about my podcast
maybe
that will never get old
never never never ever ever ever
uh... i guess what we'll do now is uh...
end the show
uh...
what's so funny extrovert
this way is that it
well as we're done it's nine twenty nine about the time we are final thoughts
out everything it'll be 930 and that's a done show and I'm sure the fortune
cookie is probably another five minutes so we're running over anyway so whatever
who cares we're done you want more tune in next week you want more and more tune
into the podcast final thoughts boys and girls Loki or extra fur you're in the
room why don't you start us off look or look extra fur extra fur what is your
final thought in the groove wait a minute I said extra fur low-key what's
What's your final thought?
My final thought is I have to play a lot more console games this week and strippers really
do bleach their assholes.
Thank you.
Dark Sakura.
Actually, I'll give you my final thought.
My final thought is I'm sweating.
It's hot in here and not in the good way.
Dark Sakura.
What do I say every show?
Reject false bleach.
Yeah, reject false assholes.
next time. You heard it here first, reject false assholes. Only good for real, 100% organic
asshole. Organically colored assholes. We are ending this show now before this joke
goes on a little too far, too late. Tune in next week kids, download our podcast, visit
our site orangeloungeradio.com. Love us. Final word of the show, I'll give it to X to for
one word to sum the whole thing up.
Ass.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live. Orange Lounge Radio Live
is an Orange Lounge Radio production. For more information about our station, visit
our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com and now here is your fortune cookie message of
the day.
I'm in love with an electric man An android autonomous with a yellow tan
His name is Data, I'm such a fan Oh, how I dream about this wired man
He's so logical, he's so clear We'll get it on alive, you're from here
He's such a turn-on-the-space-age man My luminous lover, my electric man
There's something about a positronic man The touch and the feel of his plastic hand
I go wild when I see his eyes
Of gold and of glow and of from inside
Oh, whoa, whoa, lover, won't you kiss me, please?
Yes, I can never fail to stimulate me
Oh, wham, bam, thank you, man
My golden-eyed lover, my electric man
You know he's fully a-functional, I tell ya
You know he's fully a-functional, I'm sayin'
You know he's fully a-functional
And if he ever gets to us, well, I can always wish him off
I'm all yours if you'll just set me free A white-headed junkie, a kid you see
Them juices blown in my maniacal mind I'll win him over and make him mine
He's more than functional, it's not a dream I saw it once or twice on TV
Full and functional, it's not a dream
I saw it once or twice on TV
I can't wait to plug into that band
My logical lover
My electric man
and we'll see you next week.
That's it. Show's over. Fade to black.
Piss off! Go home.
closing time, you don't have to go home but you can't stay here
bye kids
NO MORE BLEACH ASSHOLE GHOSTS!
