Orange lounge radio to go edition week of august 29th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast
Hope for all the latest video game news and gamer chat now here your hosts dark, sakura sky and low
Hello everybody out there who subscribe to our podcast
Welcome to the orange lounge radio to go edition
your home for chat about video games that don't suck and
sometimes we do have to talk about those games that do suck but only to tell you
to avoid them
my name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye. Not joining us tonight
is the one and only DarkSakura. As you know DarkSakura is getting married this
next week if you listen to previous podcasts
so she's taking care of some pre-planning parties
also we should probably mention that DarkSakura actually has some family
that's actually in the path of Hurricane Katrina right now so
We're sure that not just Dark Sakura's family, but some of our listeners are, in fact, probably in the area where
Hurricane Katrina is expected to land, so definitely our thoughts are with you guys, and we really hope for the best for you guys.
Joining us tonight as well, though, is the one and only Loki.
Yes, I'm here.
How you doin'?
I'm...awake.
Yes?
I think.
Busy week?
Uh, no, but this week will be.
What do you got goin' on this next week?
I've got 19 game publishers coming to my work this week.
19 game publishers now for those folks that don't know what Loki does he does
he does freely talk about his work on here and you even have co-workers to
listen to this show huh yeah and they don't care that you talk about this
stuff no oh cool well then tell them what you do I'm I work for a video
distribution company called VPD second largest in the United States and I'm one
of the game sales reps there so you know basically we've got these game holders
coming in to check out what the company is about because they've you know they're
They're not familiar with VPD, they just know the old company that we bought out, which
was VBC, Video by Cyclings, so they're going to come check out the place.
On Tuesday they're having a party for them, they're going to be bringing in foosball tables,
pool tables, barbecue, you know, that kind of stuff.
And then on Wednesday we get a whole presentation by all of them, like what games are coming
out in the fourth quarter, and all that fun stuff.
So next week's show should be a really good one.
Should be fun, yeah.
You're gonna be in on all this.
Monday I'm looking forward to because Activision's coming out because they can't make it for
the other stuff.
So they're coming out on Monday to show us like, Gun and stuff like that, which, Gun
is going to be next to Grand Theft Auto basically, but in the old west.
What's Gun?
I haven't heard, I have not heard of that.
Gun is pretty much, it's an open kind of action game, very similar to Grand Theft Auto where
it's very, you can do whatever you want pretty much, and they have a main story that goes
along with that, but it's set in the wild west.
So you can go mine gold, you can go, you know, scalp people, you can just do all that sort
So it's like Deadwood, that show on HBO, kind of?
It's like Red Dead Revolver, but...
It's set in the Wild West, but they all say, you know, cocksucker and stuff in the words
that they didn't say in the Wild West?
I don't know, I don't know.
Not quite, but it's gonna be good.
M-rated, definitely.
Definitely.
We'll see.
All right, so next week should be a good show.
But you know, it's kind of cool that we have you as a part of this program, because, you
know, we told you guys like a month ago about Final Fantasy Advent Children getting delayed,
And suddenly this week everybody else is like, oh by the way, Final Fantasy Advent Children
is getting delayed.
Yeah, no shit.
I wonder where they got that rumor from.
Oh, that might be me.
That's right.
They're all, yeah, we read it on that site, Advent Children, yeah, because I, or Advent
Children dot net.
Yeah, because I posted it on there, you dumbass, but no, everybody still doesn't believe that's
coming out that day.
I'm hearing, I can't remember who the hell I heard this from, I want to say it might
even been you, um, but about why Advent Children's being delayed? I... The rumor? Okay, rumor
of a rumor, guys. Take this with a grain of salt. I... It's one of those, like, friend
friend things. Yeah. That a possible reason why Square's delaying this is that there might...
You know how they're doing a theatrical release in Japan? Well, it's actually, yeah, well,
Sony. Yeah, Sony is one. Okay, whatever. Anyway. You know how they're doing a theatrical release
in Japan right? They want to do that here in the US from what I understand even though
the last Final Fantasy movie didn't do so hot, but the only way they'll do it, limited
IMAX engagement. So, take it with a grain of salt guys, but just imagine the possibilities
and if that's true that it is, I mean, if we're talking limited IMAX engagement, we're
talking very similar to what's going on in Tokyo, not Tokyo, Japan, in cities like Tokyo,
where they are going to be showing it in only like three or four cities for like a week.
That would probably be what happens here, but take it with a grain of salt guys, I don't
know.
I don't know.
Well, either way, it's coming out on November 29th, which is Tuesday, or right before the
holiday month there.
I don't know, I wish it were coming out sooner, but that's the way they told me.
I'm like, ugh, no, why?
Most of the big gaming sites are agreeing with you now, so I was reading them this week.
Well, yeah, I mean, it's been pushed back a few times, so everyone's like, well, the
Square Enix site still saying it's coming out so don't worry yeah well that's because
they have nothing to do with the date that it comes out in so whatever but yeah so that's
what's going on.
All right, all right.
So well let's start off tonight's show by talking about even though we've kind of already
been talking about some games we typically try to get this out in the beginning what
games have we been playing this week so Loki what have you been up to this week?
Well I've been playing a couple things Burnout 3 still of course.
I'm almost done with it because we decided to cheat and unlock everything, so, cause
we got, you know, we got tired of playing the same track over, no, we're still playing
it though, cause we now have really fast cars and it's still even more fun to race, but,
um, I was also playing a little bit of, um, pack picks, I tried that, how was that, I
saw that you picked that up, how was that game?
It was one of those like, random buys I did, and it's okay, I'm just not really kind of
Feeling the game, you know, it's kind of like it was one of those things where I played the tech demo at e3
you know like a couple of what was a year and a half ago when the DS was first being shown and I
Then I heard that they were making it into a game and I was kind of like you're gonna take this concept and make it
An actual game. I mean it see this being a minigame
But from what I understand it came out. Okay, like the best of that concept could but it's it's still it's okay
but it's just like kind of and
And it's like one of those things like oh, but maybe it should be a mini game to something or maybe it should be like
I don't know
Something built into some other game
They should put some of these DS games together like that and Yoshi touch-and-go which was very gimmicky to me too
I mean another day. Well every single pac-man game that comes out is oh, no pac-man's been turned into something else
I mean, it's like, you know, cuz pac-man's just not good enough, you know
So they got to turn him into a ball. I got to turn him into a doodle. They got to turn him into
into something else. It's just, that's what it is. It's really retarded, but it's okay.
I mean, it's probably not worth 30 bucks. I paid for it, but it's still okay.
Wait for the bargain bin. Definitely. For a lot of the DS games, wait for the bargain
bin. 35 is a lot. Well, I don't know. I disagree with you. I think Meteos is definitely worth
the price. Nintendogs, which I'm sure you're about to get to in a minute, is, depending
on if it's your kind of game because you already know if you'd like Nintendo or not honestly
you already know we don't have to tell you if it's a good or bad game you would know
if you like these virtual pet kind of games so sorry to steal your thunder but I'm sure
you've been playing a lot of Nintendo as well I've been playing a little bit and 10 dogs
a little bit yeah I bought all three which why did you buy all three when you can unlock
all the dogs in one cartridge if you just network well enough I don't know I didn't
know that, so I just bought all three. Sucker. You know, whatever, it's okay. Alright. Anything
else you been playing this week? Burnout, Nintendogs? What'd you think of Nintendogs?
Was it everything you'd hoped for? Yeah, but the thing's like kinda needy. It's just, you
know, I just, I don't know, I don't have enough time to play this game and other games at
the same time, so it's, that's kinda tough. Yet you would log into Final Fantasy XI for
hours on end. That wasn't a problem. Yeah, I played a little bit of Final Fantasy
11 this week, okay. I logged in for a couple hours, because I hadn't played for two months,
so I felt obligated. Alright. That's it. That's all I had. That's all the games you've been
playing? That's all I've been playing next week should
be better. Oh, I played Marvel Nemesis Rise of the Imperfects. That was the other one.
It's an awesome fighting game that they're going to be coming out with in September here,
and it's just, I don't know, it's really neat. They've got all the characters, plus they
have these ones that EA actually made up, so that was kind of neat.
Games I've been playing this week, Nintendogs of course, I ran out and picked that one up.
I picked up the one that had the Shih Tzu in it because as I promised everybody out there
I was going to get a Shih Tzu, and I did have a Shih Tzu for a little while, but unfortunately
because I kind of felt I was screwing things up in the way I was training it by making
the voice commands a little too similar to each other, I had to delete my Shih Tzu.
So now I have a new dog, a wiener dog named Oscar, so he's cool.
And Loki's right, they do get pretty needy, I notice you have to kind of feed or give
it water like twice a day.
Now Nintendogs was the game that I said was the best thing I saw at E3, and did it translate
well into a full game, the five minute demo that they had at E3?
I think in most ways yes it did, certainly in the very Nintendo way, the cuteness factor,
the collectability aspect of it that's very, you know, Pokemon-ish and Animal Crossing-ish
and other Nintendo games that they're famous for.
I think it really does deliver on all that, and I really think it's a neat way to kind
of transform the Tamagotchi and Pokemon concept into something that will be very accessible
to a lot of people.
I think it is going to be a very successful game.
My only beef with it is that the actual game elements of it, outside of training your dog,
turn out to be kind of thin.
Granted you have these trial competitions that you can do, the agility trial where you
teach your dog how to jump over hurdles and run through tubes and stuff.
There's the obedience competition which is kind of boring, you just yell voice commands
at your dog.
A frisbee competition, I don't remember the exact name of it, but there's a frisbee competition
as well.
Sort of wears a little bit thin, especially the fact that you have to sit through these
two announcers who talk very slowly and have really lame jokes and stuff.
I was also a little bit disappointed that you couldn't do more with the head-to-head
aspect like you couldn't go head-to-head in an agility trial at least if you can I haven't
found this out yet or anything so I was a little disappointed that all you can really
do is exchange and play with each other's dogs although that is a really neat concept
I would have liked to see something maybe a little more competitive you can like I guess
because each game has like the certain items that are in each one right so in order to
get all the items you have to have all the games trade so I guess maybe it's more of
a friendly competition. It's a co-op game instead of a competitive game. I would have
liked to see maybe more ways that you could have pitted dogs up against each other to
see who the better trainer is. But I still think it's a very solid game. I think it's
a very Nintendo game. I think it's going to be a great DS title. And I think if this title
sounds appealing to you, give it the benefit of the doubt. Pick it up. There's a lot of
great deals out there right now. You never know. They might come out later with Nintendogs
training challenge or something, there'll be a revolution game and you'll put your
dogs in. Who knows? Or as we said last week on the show, holiday edition apparently has
been trademarked. Don't know if that's going to be something that actually happens, but
who knows? And I want to talk about DS expansions in one of our stories tonight because it's
very interesting the way they're expanding some of the DS games. Cool. Other than Nintendogs,
I really didn't play a whole lot of new stuff, just Final Fantasy XI. I apologize, Loki,
I didn't get to the copy of Hello Kitty Roller Rescue
that you gave me last week.
I haven't had a chance to hook up the GameCube,
so I'm trying to look for a better cable for it.
I need to get at least an S-video for my Hi-Def TV.
And Halo 2.
Last night, I went over to a friend's birthday party
and it was just a bunch of guys playing Halo 2.
And somehow we got the idea that we'd get our friend
who doesn't really play a lot of video games
but really likes to talk shit.
We'd get him really drunk and he just got online
and my friend who's really good at Halo,
you know, he's like a level 20 something
and all the head-to-head stuff.
We got him to actually control
and my friend to wear the headset.
So he just made fun of people the whole night.
And like made fun of people's names.
He was making fun of people on the same team and stuff.
Highly immature stuff, highly, highly amusing.
It was so funny because there was this girl
who ended up getting more kills than my friend in one match.
Either it was a girl or a little boy
who hadn't gone through puberty yet.
Because the boys was really high like this.
And the person was going, ha ha ha, I beat you, I beat you,
blah, blah, blah, and just doing this dance
in their living room or something
and yelling at us on Xbox Live, so.
The joys of Xbox Live and talking smack.
Not so much fun if you're on the receiving end though,
I bet.
Anyway, let's get to that story about the expansion pack,
actually, I'll start off with this story tonight.
This is actually a game we talked a little bit about
on the show, but I don't know of a US release
of this game yet, it's actually a Japanese game
called Jam with a Band, and it's kind of one of those ones
where you play the instruments on your DS,
and it's an interactive title.
This hasn't come out in the US yet,
but what is coming out in Japan,
apparently the game has been very successful in Japan,
so they're gonna be releasing an expansion pack,
but you have to have the DS game
to be able to use the expansion pack.
The way the expansion pack works,
it's a Game Boy Advance cartridge
that plugs into the bottom slot of your DS,
and so 20 songs are loaded into the DS cartridge,
songs that uh... i don't recognize a whole lot of these songs a lot of them
are uh... japanese titles
uh... except for one of them uh... and that's the new my new my a song is on
here that you know
drago stun tay or whatever's called that's in the expansion pack for jam the
band
uh... along with some nintendo favorite star fox sixty four super mario sixty
four d s
are all in this expansion back but i think that's very what's neat about the
story not so much the game but the method of delivering the expansion
and it's cool that you mentioned that uh... there's another game is coming out
similar to that Metroid Prime pinball they're doing a rumble pack that's gonna
be I know I heard about the rumble pack but is is that a DS game I can't that's
a DS game yeah I thought it was an advanced game first no it's a DS game I
can't keep track okay so it's a DS game but the rumble packs gonna plug into the
it yes like see I knew there was more to that advanced slot than just Game Boy
advanced games if you think about it this goes all the way back to feel the
Magic XXY or whatever it is, one of the launch titles
where, secret trick, if you put in, I think it's
Sonic Adventure 2 in your GBA slot, you unlock
a Sonic costume on the DS cartridge.
So we've known forever the DS has this capability
to interact with whatever game is in the bottom slot.
So if a Nintendogs, hypothetically, if there is
this holiday edition and an expansion pack is delivered,
I'd bet ya either it's gonna be its own stand alone
cartridge where they try to get you to you know buy the same game over again
because you can get cute Santa hats for your puppy or it's going to be an
expansion pack which I think would be very cool imagine an expansion pack that
plugs in advance that would work with all three titles and maybe unlock a
particular breed of dog in no matter what game you own I know it'd be cool
we'll see though we'll see also in the news tonight I was talking about Halo a
little bit ago of course you guys probably heard that Halo is going to be
turned into a movie projected to be about 2007
for this movie to come out.
Fox and Universal were the ones that teamed up
to create this movie.
The script, as I understand, is being written by the guy
who did 28 Days Later, Alex Garland.
But at the same time, he also did The Beach.
So, could be hit or miss, could be hit or miss.
So we'll see, more news.
No stars attached yet, but I'm sure all of that
will develop a little bit later on.
Also, I wanna say about Halo.
This, I think, is very interesting.
There's gonna be a Halo Triple Pack
coming out before the end of the year.
Yeah, it's coming out in October.
It's gonna be $60, or as they say, $59.99,
but I say that's just $60.
It's gonna be Halo, Halo 2,
and the Halo 2 multiplayer map pack.
Now, usually if you bought these games together,
it would cost you about $80,
so it's kinda like, you know, you're getting a combo,
burgers, fries, and soda, right?
But my question is,
who that owns an Xbox
that who would this who's this
more are aimed at because if you own an Xbox
you have to own one of these games unless you're not a first-person shooter
type
but if that's the case I don't know why you own an Xbox but
no it all kidding aside though okay maybe there's no their sports titles
Ninja Gaiden you know there's other Xbox titles that are good
but I'd be very surprised that people who want
Halo don't already have it. The only thing I can come up with is that maybe
this is to kind of
get those people that are gonna make the Xbox 360
their first purchase and since the Xbox 360 they're saying is going to be
backwards compatible now. You know it's gonna be at least backwards compatible
with Halo if nothing else.
It keeps going back and forth. Some games, all games, some games, all games. At least
the Halos will be backwards compatible. This is going to be a good way to get people
you know to catch up on Halo who might be joining Microsoft with the Xbox 360
and didn't have an Xbox.
But my thought along with that is, who's gonna buy an Xbox 360 that
isn't already an Xbox fan? I don't know many people. You don't own an Xbox, right?
No. Are you gonna buy an Xbox 360? Probably just because it's the next-gen system.
Okay, then you're the only person I've talked to
that would plan to be buying an Xbox 360.
I guess there could be other folks out there. I mean, just because, you know,
really, I'm not buying it for Halo. If Halo comes out for it,
I'm not gonna buy it. Are you buying it for Final Fantasy XI, Pretty Edition? No, hell no.
I'm not buying for that. I'm buying for project author racing 3. That's what I'm buying it for that and Ridge Racer 6
Hell yeah, it's all about the racing games. So that's okay. Well, then I guess I stand corrected because
Feasibly with this lower price they could taunt someone like you into buying this. Although you're not a halo fan
I would not buy the stupid halo
Expansion pack and that crap you're not a halo fan
You think about it though halo tooth probably dropping price here pretty quick anyways to about 20 bucks and then they'll be just $60
anyway i disagree halo they're still asking $29.99 for halo 1
no it's not strapped down to $20 I saw it somewhere for $29.99
no but whatever mine came with my xbox i have a pretty green xbox so i didn't
have to worry about it
mine came with mine except on halo it was part of that you know
the best hits or whatever they call them platinum it is and it isn't
you know it's the best selling xbox game of all time but
they can still get away with charging $30 yeah you know see everything in this
this um... collection of ours is supposed to be $17.99 but uh...
we just want some more money for it. Speaking of Xbox 360 another story tonight this is
interesting I think
um... of course we had the price announcements last week where you know
you got three hundred dollar pack, four hundred dollar pack
okay we'll get this some retailers are creating their own bundle packs
uh huh, EB Games. EB Games is one. GameStop
has created a pack and they're calling this the
ultimate Xbox 360 pack.
It comes with a system, Perfect Dark Zero, Project Gotham Racing 3, Elder Scrolls 4,
Dead or Alive 4, Call of Duty 2, Gun, Quake 4, Tony Hawk, Condemned, Madden NFL 06, Cameo,
Wireless Controller, Play and Charge Kit, Rechargeable Battery, 12 month card for Xbox
Live, 1 year product replacement plan, and it will only set you back $1,199.83.
one hundred and ninety nine dollars and eighty three cents yes boys and girls
those one thousand
one hundred ninety nine dollars not even so go lie down your five dollars now
interest that retard fifty dollars at fifty s rise fifty versus the month
retarded
who would buy that crap rich people
i mean seriously though you probably go shopping and get it for a lot cheaper
anyways
well i don't know
did not cut the break this like
let's put it all together make the biggest pack possible the news site you
written and you don't get price breaks released a usually though well you know
what i'm making a pack that's going to be to prove that you know two thousand
four hundred dollars
it twice that
because you know
it comes with two experts exactly i mean using
who needs one xbox three sixty man i don't have to go to another room to play
my the xbox d s
you can have dual screen action goal system granted it yet dual systems
should you should copyright that idea right now let's get into the old mail
bag ladies and gentlemen of course you guys can always send us an email our
email address to go T O G O at orange lounge radio.com we like to hear from
you it helps it helps inflate our egos a little bit to know that there's folks
out there listening sure no we liked it we like to hear from you guys and
comment on the show and stuff unfortunately because dark Sakura is out
tonight and she's kind of the queen of our mailbox I only have one letter
tonight because it was something that was actually sent directly to me somebody
actually sent me an email directly but that's cool at least it gives me
something to read tonight okay and I thought it was a good email so we're
gonna read this this comes to us from Flynn Flynn says hello I've just heard
my first podcast of your show courtesy of my PSP so I think it's very
interesting that he's downloading the show on the PSP because we're gonna if
you're a PSP owner we're gonna do something for you guys but we we're not
talking about it just yet we're working on it hopefully within the month oh yeah
Yeah, by the way, I forgot to mention this earlier this week, I bought another PSP.
So I have two PSPs now.
Sucker.
Alright, anyway.
So hello to those of you listening on your PSPs, we're gonna do something for you guys
pretty soon.
Flynn wanted to comment on what a listener named Rob had to say about virtual ethics
in regards to the Chinese exchange student using a bot to mug other players in Lineage
2 and sell their virtual loot for real cash.
Rob went on to say that virtual ethics, or ethics in not a real place, are inconsequential.
I can't talk tonight.
Too many syllables in that word.
I'm thinking about that Xbox DS and I'm seeing dollar signs all over, anyway.
Flynn says, there's a famous saying, ethics is what you do in the dark when no one's watching.
I can think of no darker a place than cyberspace where no one can watch.
Would you empty the contents of a lost wallet if no one knew you had it, or would you track
down the owner to return the wallet, knowing no reward would be given and they would never
find you if you did not.
Having never played Lineage 2, I can only assume that mugging and player killing are
part of the many wonderful experiences you can participate in during the game and that
the student had not hacked the program in order to create these things.
I actually tried to do a little research on it, well let me finish this letter.
I have also heard of people creating things in the virtual world to auction off for real
cash and as far as I know this is not illegal.
That being said, mugging and PKing and selling virtual loot in the real world should not
have led to an arrest in my opinion.
The only crime was maybe the creation of the bot program.
However, everyone should be crystal clear
in that his actions were unethical.
Do not believe for one second
that you are a good upstanding citizen in the real world
while treating people like garbage in the virtual world.
Very good point.
Doing awful things while hiding behind a screen name
or handle is just revealing your true nature in the dark.
That comes to us from Flynn.
Thank you for the email, Flynn.
I actually tried to do a little research
as to whether Lineage 2 has that mugging feature built in.
So I went to Google, you know, like Lineage 2 mugging.
And of course I just got a bunch of articles but I tried reading some, doing a little research
trying to see if mugging is something that's built into the game.
It's my understanding that although it sounds like PK is something that's built into the
game, what this person did is the person wrote a bot program to automate doing all of these
quests and doing things faster than a human can possibly do them.
So the bot would always win.
No matter what, the bot would win.
And the bot was basically unkillable.
So in a way he kind of, I guess, brought an exploit to light.
I don't know what you'd call it, but I definitely agree with Flynn that it was unethical, but
Flynn says maybe they went a little far in arresting the guy.
Your thoughts are welcome.
TwoGo at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I don't know about unethical, I mean, because one could say if you create a better way of
doing something that's unethical, but I call it, you know, innovative.
You know what, though?
You know what, though?
There's a difference.
You're talking about cheating in Burnout 3 in single-player mode, right?
you what you were doing earlier this week that's I downloaded a save that's
that's different because you're only affecting your game if you want to just
like if you want to go on to what is it movie spoilers calm or whatever that
site is and you want to read the end to every movie that's out there go for it
have fun spoil the movies for yourselves have a blast but if you go and tell all
your friends about the spoilers somebody's gonna get pissed off at you
about it I think it's kind of similar you can ruin the game for yourself if
you want, but ruining the game for others is crossing the line. That's kind of the way
I look at it.
It's just like, and you know what's funny is it kind of makes me think about last night
playing Halo 2, or watching my buddies play Halo 2, somebody actually cheated a game.
They used a technique in Halo 2 called the lag, where basically, my friend was trying
to explain this, and I don't follow Halo 2 cheating at all, but apparently these guys
were hooking up the Xbox to their computer somehow so that they would always be the server,
And if they're the server, they can cause the other players to lag out and basically
kill them while they can't move.
And I was watching this happening, sure enough, every couple minutes, lag, lag, lag, my friends
are dead.
Lag, lag, lag, my friends are dead.
And everybody was bitching and complaining about this, so somebody was doing this and
the person had way many kills.
So you know, I mean, not only is that unethical in my opinion, but it's, get a life, seriously,
what do you have to gain from kicking some people's butts on Halo 2?
On a Saturday night nonetheless, go out and get laid.
Seriously, I realize we do an internet radio show where we talk about video games, but
we try to talk about balance between that and having a personal life.
So please kids, stop cheating on Halo 2 to make your internet penis feel bigger.
Go out and get laid, because I'll tell you what, an orgasm feels 10,000 times better
than owning some noob in Halo 2, at least in my opinion.
you feel differently? I don't know. Follow up to a previous story we talked about. You
know how we said that the firmware was going to be upgraded on the Sony PSP like two weeks
ago? Well they were a little bit late, finally came out, it was finally released, came out
this past week, and now it's available on Sony's site. So if you are interested in upgrading
your firmware to 2.0, you can go ahead and do that. What you're going to get, a new web
browser application. And it also has like a tabbing feature. You can have three tabs
of browser windows open at once, which is kind of neat. Other additions include four-three
ratio, so you can watch like TV programs, four-three screen mode. AAC and WAV audio
files are also added. Check out the PlayStation site if you want more details. I got to check
out, because I checked out on Loki's new PSP. He upgraded it to 2.0. I checked out the web
browser, and of course I'm loading OrangeLoungeRadio.com on the web browser, looking at it, and ooh,
Neat, I guess, neat.
It's a lot faster than the Wipeout browser, I'll give them that.
That's for sure, it's a lot faster than that.
And browsing is pretty easy. I don't like the stupid little text input that they have, but they're releasing a keyboard for it.
Where it's like a cell phone, like where you have to keep tapping.
Yeah, they're going to be releasing a keyboard, so, you know, whatever.
But they actually did improve, you know, their method of entering stuff in,
because you can see how many times you've got to tab the button to get to your next letter, but it's not that hard.
I mean, it's not going to be good for chatting or anything, but even some of the IRC programs that they've made for it,
like the one website, PSP IRC or something like that, they have a Java keyboard anyway, so you don't really need it.
needed. But they're gonna be adding, they said
that they're gonna be looking at Java or to expand the Java a bit
and to add Flash. Now that would be interesting because that would mean
you could download games
essentially to your PSP very easily, right? I don't know about...
Well, they're gonna have downloading games. In fact, there's a
campaign being launched in the UK for their PSP launch. It's called YourPSP.com
and they're gonna have movie trailers, downloadable games, and stuff like that
And so, I'll be interested when that happens.
And you could, essentially, if they're going to implement Flash,
then you would be able to download Strong Bad, right?
You could listen to that on your PSP, right?
Yeah, I guess you could.
So, do we really need Strong Bad to burninate your PSP?
Well, you know, a lot of the kids out there would like that, so...
I like Strong Bad, he's funny.
Moving on, what do you got for us tonight, Loki?
Well, we've got a couple things, a couple things in the rumor mills.
First off, starting at IGN did this nice little look at the Game Boy Micro, which is coming
out in September here in a couple weeks.
They did a bunch of size comparisons, and I can say that it's about the size of a stick
of gum, because they have a winter fresh gum thing next to it.
Honestly...
Looks more like the size of the guy's cell phone in the picture you have there.
It's just a small Game Boy Advance.
I mean, if you really want to buy it again, go for it, but I don't know.
I don't see the point of buying this thing.
Some people out there might like the accessory-ness of this.
I don't know.
Well, the people that buy this thing and like the fact that you can change the faceplates
are the people that buy the stupid Game Boy Advances when they come out in different colors.
Do we really?
I mean, no.
I mean, no, I'm not buying that.
Anyways, the other thing was is they had some info on what they think is going to be revolutionary
about the Nintendo Revolution.
Now granted we're gonna know in a few weeks. What is revolutionary about it because on the 16th Nintendo's actually holding a press conference
They're gonna let all the cats out of the bag about time
So everything's gonna be known about the revolution, but in the meantime we could speculate to you know
The cows all right speculate away. Oh this speculation is supposedly by this guy
sponge or whatever he claims to
Know what's going on? And basically he's said that there's gonna be
be it's gonna make it so where that it's hard to turn the controller like tilt
the controller it's gonna have gyroscopes in it so it's gonna be like
kind of like an almost like the rumble pack but it's gonna make it so that it
feels like for example you're drifting around the corner it'll give you g
forces you know going to one direction or something I don't know how that's
gonna work but that's an interesting idea because it'll be revolutionary in
fact that this is a mid-dunt and the fact that gyroscopes spin revolutionary
Ah, cute. Cute.
That's a theory, but I don't know. My personal thing is I think it's gonna be
that
and I think if you've seen those keywords out there that have little LCD
buttons on them
where they can change what the button looks like, I think that's gonna be a
thing.
I think it's two things, but I don't know.
I'm totally speculating too, but we'll know in a couple weeks on the 16th.
All the speculation comes back to the controller, which I think is interesting.
Yeah, and they said that that would be revolutionary, I'd imagine, but I don't know if it's revolutionary
enough to sell the system.
You know what, though?
You're also assuming, though, when you're saying that it's a play on the name, that
the actual name of the system is going to be the revolution.
This is still a working title, correct?
They have not confirmed that this will be the actual name of the system.
And for the longest time, GameCube was what, Dolphin?
I think they were calling it?
Yeah.
Or was that the 64?
I don't know.
One or the other.
One of them, yeah.
And they changed the name before it was released.
So this may not actually be the Nintendo revolution.
we may get a new name coming up.
Yeah, just like the Xbox 360, what the hell was that?
I mean, 360, that's retarded.
Xbox 2, Xbox 360, why is it the 360?
Well, yeah, because we're going back around
and doing the same thing all over again, I don't know.
So anyways, there's that.
And speaking of the 360, and I mentioned this
a couple weeks ago about the Origin 360 site,
Well, it's changing. The site is changing, and there's more stuff happening.
Before, for those who might not remember, the Origin site had a picture of a tree with a countdown to sometime in September, and there was a bunny rabbit.
Bunny rabbits moved to the other side of the screen, the hole's getting bigger in the bottom of the tree, and there's apples growing.
And one of the apples is a symbol for the Windows Messenger.
Which is interesting.
So integration with Windows messaging for Xbox 360?
Maybe?
Sure!
I mean, come on!
This is a Windows product, or a Microsoft product.
Of course they're going to have that.
Don't jump to conclusions, I mean, you never know.
It's just another viral site, if you really want to check it out, originxbox360.com, that's
That's O-R-I-G-E-N Xbox 360 dot com.
Go look at the pretty bunny.
And um, yeah, so I guess, you know, something's gonna happen with a bunny.
The controller will be a bunny, no?
I think the bunny should be a mascot.
We need a good bunny mascot.
It's a cardboard bunny, it doesn't do anything.
Fine, anything else?
I think it would have been funny though, if you keep going back to the site, there's more
bunnies appear or something like that, that'd be great.
No, really other than that
Well, I've got more hack and crack stuff, but we'll get into that later a little later. All right
Yeah, we'll do some more stories over here
Tamagotchi is coming out for the DS which shouldn't be much of a surprise when you consider that the Nintendo, you know
Nintendogs was kind of a you know could you could say inspired by Tamagotchi, but this is the weird thing
The Tamagotchi isn't game is not what you think. It's not like the old keychain game
It's gonna be released this winter bound I but of course in Japan
Tamagotchi Corner Shop, a simulation game set in the world of Tamagotchi and what you're
going to do is you're going to open up your own business and make it the best in the land.
You help Maimchi, Memi-chi, or Kupachi set up a shop and the ultimate goal is to become
Princess Tamako's favorite one.
Whatever.
Huh?
Yeah, whatever.
That's exactly what I said about this.
You can do a beauty salon or a flower shop and you do mini games with a DS stylus.
Huh?
yeah anyway
file that so it's uh...
harvest moon but with convenience stores with uh... characters that were pop
culture ten years ago
you know
what speaking of uh...
so what are she uh...
mew pet starkest fairy comes out next month
who
the
and nintendo is buying back two point two million shares the possible reason
for this possible reason for this Square Enix trying to take over Taito. Nintendo
does not want to be taken over at this point. You know what I was thinking this
week in a completely random subject this is completely out of left field you know
I was thinking this week Apple and Nintendo should team up seriously Apple
and Nintendo should team up Apple is good at making cute stuff cute computers
cute systems and granted their systems do a lot of great stuff Loki I know you
disagree with this but I think that you know max they do their thing they're
just different it's another choice Nintendo is kind of different and cute
and does their own thing I think there's a partnership to be had here between
Apple and Nintendo I don't know I was just randomly thinking that the other day
you know I think what what the hell there's like a sticker on here on your
DS yeah came with scratching of the stylus anyways I was thinking and just
when you mentioned the Apple and Nintendo I was just thinking the apples
are like the Volkswagen of the PC world. That's what they reminded me of.
You can address those cards and letters to Loki at orange-longstreet.com.
I mean, look, they release cute stuff that's in different colors. I mean, that's what Volkswagen does.
Cute cars suck, but...
Yeah, so by the way, in case you missed that underlying story within the story,
Square Enix made a $600 million bid for Taito this week, so...
And what did we try to do? We tried to figure out, what would it sound like if we combined all three...
Square Enix and Taito?
Squeedo.
Squeedo!
Squeedo.
I like Squeedo.
I like Squeedo too.
So the company will hereforth be known as Squeedo.
Assuming this goes through, which I don't see why it won't at this point.
I mean, who cares?
So what?
It's, you know...
I think it's a good thing.
Yeah, why not?
Metroid Prime.
You know how there was this big stink?
We even talked about this on the show a couple months ago, where folks were saying that,
oh, this game should have been online.
If you keep pushing this game back, it should have been online.
Why didn't you put this game online you keep pushing this back and Nintendo finally saying?
Metroid Prime going online
Prime hunters. Yes, Metroid Prime hunters. I'm sorry Metroid hunters will be going online
It will be compatible with the Nintendo's Wi-Fi service coming out later this year
Which got pushed back pride in November?
everything else
Can't intend to do any okay any game company do anything on time? I?
I wanted my Mario Kart god damn it for my birthday
and I had to wait until November that's not fair
that Animal Crossing sorry speaking of the DS Sony's flinging a little mud
calling the DS
a gimmick this week Sony
releasing some commentary this week
vice president of the Sony Studios Phil Harrison making the following comments
on the idea of a handheld right over you with Nintendo is an irrelevance
Those formats don't appear in our planning. It's not a fair comparison. Not fair on them, I should stress.
That sounds arrogant, maybe, but that's the truth.
We're just bitter that they're outselling this to Japan! By a lot!
But, here's the interesting quote here now.
But I fear that it won't have a lasting impact beyond that of a gimmick.
So the long-lasting appeal of the platform is at peril as a direct result of that.
Yeah, do you think that the DS is going to be the last handheld system? No.
Here's another one. Nintendo knows its target audience because it has really
narrowed that down and it's pretty much defined by a boy or girl's ability to
admire Pokemon.
Ooh, burn! Yeah, and what's the PSP had released for now?
Oh, rehashes of crappy games that were out on the PlayStation.
Yeah, I, you know, I like the PSP and I don't want to take sides in the PSP
versus DS War because the PSP does have a lot of great features,
especially in the fact that it's a multimedia system. However, in games,
PSP's lacking a little bit right now. Realize there's good stuff on the horizon
like Grand Theft Auto, but you know,
as far as I'm concerned, don't start making these comments till you get the games to back it up.
Because Luminous is just one game. Seriously, I have both.
And you know what? I'm looking at the lineup of games coming out for the PSP.
Ain't nothing impressive. But earlier, you know, I bet if we went back to
to archives of the show from february you would hear me saying the same crap
about the DS right before the PSP came out where DS needs to put out some games
show the system but they've done that now! Meteos, Nintendogs, the Prime
DS has a ton of stuff coming out
a ton of stuff
just being released PSP
one or two a month
with UMDs galore
but yeah tons of movies
good good for movies but uh... you know what it's a gaming system
it's a gaming system, not an internet browser, not a movie player
it's a gaming system. Well now here's something that the PSP can do that the
Nintendo can't do to try and curb some of those hate mails we're going to get
from Sony fans because there is
this feature that the PSP is going to do that the Nintendo DS cannot do
and that's custom soundtracks. Now of course you know this feature from the Xbox
but when the PSP launches in Europe this week, which by the way
PSP is launching in Europe this week, one of the games that's going to be released
for it is going to let you have a custom soundtrack and it's
Tokka Race Driver 2. You can have a custom soundtrack option
and if you have music stored on your memory stick you can use that as the
music you listen to in-game.
It's pretty cool. That's a cool idea. Now there you go.
Now to use the feature, by the way, you have to download the free
exact audio copy utility from Codemasters
UK website. That's codemasters.co.uk
So check that out. North American release not announced yet but
Codemasters does bring a lot of their Europe games over here.
Toca is one.
I'm sure it will be here in a minute.
What else you got for us tonight, Loki?
Well, speaking of the PSP, lots of stuff when it comes to doing things on the PSP that you're not supposed to.
Number one would be they found a way, or I should say it's going to be released next week,
they found a way to turn back the clock or to bring the PSP from version 1.52 or 1.51
back to 1.5. So like a DD level
your PSP, for lack of a better term. Basically you can
take your PSP and turn it back to 1.5
only if you haven't upgraded to 2.0 because stuff gets a little
different when you get to 2.0. However though the other thing you can do though
with it
they released another program this week to basically spoof
what version your PSP is so for those games that want you to upgrade to 2.0
or to you know 1.5 or whatever you can make it look like that your PSP is a
1.5 or
2.0 or whatever. So it's kinda interesting.
Then other than that there's some major development in this new
GUI that this guy's coming out with called P6 which
looks amazing. It's got actually, they've done everything from being able to play
videos. It looks just like Windows
sort of. You can play audio files and that type of stuff. Homebrew.
Wait, so this is a... It's like a shell.
Okay, for PSP? For PSP. It alters the way things look and feel.
Yeah. Okay. What's also cool about it though, they've added a ton of other stuff like, for
example,
they are using a camera phone,
this add-on for some Sony Ericsson camera phone
to actually be able to have
a webcam on it. So you can actually take pictures with your PSP,
which is very interesting actually.
So that's going to be coming out and I'm sure they're going to have a web browser and stuff.
Tons of work being done on it.
Website with more info for this? They have a PSPupdates.com has an
interview actually with the guy
goes by the name Fluff. They were hosting some
cool like kind of a teaser
videos for it too and it looks really cool from what I've seen so far.
just to double check you've had on
psp hack stories from a guy named sponge and a guy named fluff correct
yes gauges
just verifying that
uh... the other thing i was going to mention this should make you a little
bit excited there rob uh...
stella has been ported over to the psp it's hard to a six hundred yes that's
awesome and it's still there working on getting the speed up but uh...
still off adventure time it's time to play some sort quest here i come nobody
need to do? Stella with some like, you know, ad hoc compatibility. How about Stella with
some wireless multiplayer? Second play two player combat. Yeah combat, it's on. That'd
be awesome. They need to make a new combat game. Atari needs to remake combat. We need
to have a petition for them to remake combat. Didn't they? I thought it was one, cause you
know how they remade Pong and uh, what else? I don't think they did combat. I know they
did Pong, I know they did Spogger. Oh Pac-Man, so I guess Namco. Alright, but all these Atari
Warlords was one. Didn't they do combat?
They might have done combat. Well, whatever. They should do it again.
Make it better. But here's the thing is the PSP needs more games that are
actually
over the internet. You know, they've got like a couple so far.
It took the DS a year, so give the PSP until E3 next year.
I don't know. I mean, that was one of the things that they're pushing. You can play
people over the internet!
Not yet. We'll see.
All right, is that it?
That's for now, yeah.
You know the only thing, though, about Stella, though,
and Atari 2600 emulation, you know, in all honesty,
even though I talk wonderful things about these games,
Kaboom, of course, but another one of my favorites,
Pitfall 2, love it.
The emulation thrill usually lasts about five minutes.
And then it's like, oh, isn't that cute,
let's move on the road.
I mean, the fact that you can download
every single game ever made for the Atari,
and fit it under six megs, that's, yeah.
That's just technology, that's just technology.
Ragnarok 2, I know we got a lot of listeners
that are really into Ragnarok Online,
and I'm sure if Dark Sakura were here,
she'd be saying something about this.
At the Ragnarok Festival, which was held in July,
Gravity said that they will reveal Ragnarok 2 Online
at the Tokyo Game Show.
The show is taking place September 16th,
so if you're a fan of Ragnarok Online,
stay tuned to September and the Tokyo Game Show,
because they're gonna have more information
about Ragnarok 2.
That's really all I've got to say about that.
There was nothing else in that story.
Tekken 5 is going to be re-released in the arcades
as Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection,
and it's gonna have two new characters
as well as some newly rendered backgrounds.
It's gonna be shown at the Amusement Machine Show in Japan
on September 1st, and should make its way
to arcades this winter.
FYI, they're also gonna be showing
some other interesting Namco games at this show.
Druaga Online, which I think is really weird.
Suddenly, Druaga is really big with Namco again.
You might remember this old, old, old, old game
in the arcades, Tower of Druaga, I think it is.
Well, they recently released a PS2 Druaga title,
and now they've got Druaga Online, so I guess they,
and I didn't, maybe it was one of those things
that was big in Japan, and I just missed it somehow,
but I don't know.
As far as I know, that series was dormant for like 20 years,
but I could be wrong, don't send hate mail.
Soul Calibur 3 has a date for Japan, November 24th,
Which is a little bit sooner than I expected
November 24th for Japan get this October 25th for America. I thought that this was a game
We wouldn't be getting till next year apparently I fell asleep on this one
For new characters according to Famitsu magazine that are also going to be in this game Soulcalibur 3 maxi songmina
Zangwa and young sung will also be in Soulcalibur 3 hmm
And that's in addition to those previously announced characters and of course make your own characters
Soulcalibur 3 will also be having a battle arena mode where you can like set certain
conditions for the fight to be able to win the fight.
So might make for some interesting challenges, I don't know.
There's also coin, I guess these are things that are built in battle arena, I'm not sure,
coin collector where you have to collect as many coins as you can by attacking the opponent
and the coins you get are based on the attacks that you land on the opponent.
Soulcalibur party or something?
I don't know.
The Statue Dances is another mode where you fight against a large stone statue that's
eight times the size of your character, and it attacks, because you're fast, but the statue
is very slow, but it's very powerful, so you have to be quick.
I guess.
The Statue Dances.
So, everybody party!
Interesting.
You know, they're doing interesting things with it, I think it'll be kind of cool.
Nintendo, of course with their release of Nintendogs, they have a new partnership between
Dogs Trust for the American and European release of Nintendogs, just to kind of remind people
that you know, raising a puppy in real life is a lot more complicated than it is in Nintendogs.
You can't turn off a real puppy, so, and I noticed this in the manual of the game even,
there's this big disclaimer about you know, if you want to get a real puppy, keep in mind
They don't stay puppies forever something to that effect, so if you own Nintendogs check it out
It's in the front of the manual an interesting little disclaimer there
Dogs trust their marketing director Adrian brooder saying dogs trust is pleased to be associated with Nintendogs the philosophy
Philosophy behind the game has a lot in common with our own aims of ensuring that every dog is a happy and loved pet
Despite the fame of our dog is for life slogan thousands of dogs are still abandoned and unwanted every year
So it's great that there's a game that's not only fun to play but supports the message that responsible dog ownership means more than giving
your dog an occasional stroke
He could have used better word choice there, but whatever
I only think of South Park right now. I don't get ready to rock you ready to rock it
Ah any more stories for us Loki, you know, I don't I just reading there's some interesting thing
They're talking about online, you know poker sites and people bodying on that and winning real money. Ooh
It's just a matter of time before something like that happens
interesting
Mmm, because when I was when I was that email I read today when I was doing some of the research
I actually was reading comments on I don't slash dot or some other site where people were saying if
Somebody it's just a matter of time before somebody does this in a game where it's real money at stake as opposed to
to fake items worth real money in the online auction world.
Yeah, I guess it's on this game called Win Hold'em.
And I guess it's articles about the rise of internet botting.
And they're talking about on the internet,
nobody knows you're a bot.
And I guess last year, poker sites raked in $1.4 billion.
And I mean, just someone runs a bot,
and they can win tons of money.
kinda crazy
interesting yeah
alright I guess we're on to our last story of the night
and the last story of the night has to do with male nudity in a video game
oh god. I'm sure Tark's soccer warriors should be very happy right now
no no don't shut off your iPod just yet no no don't turn it off
there's actually more to this story here um it's actually
a midway game and it's their blitz series so it's like a football series of
games
Yeah, Blitz the League because, you know, they can't use NFL anymore.
Yeah, exactly, so they don't do this, so it's just Blitz the League.
Now, what's interesting is that supposedly, you know, rumor is it's one of their viral
marketers, you know, the people that, you know, pose as regular fans that are
infiltrating the message board. Well, there was a post on the Midway message boards
that's a screenshot from Blitz the League, and it shows
a cheerleader about ready to pull her shirt off, so, you know, gonna show her boobs,
which is nothing new in a video game.
But what's also interesting about it is that there's a streaker running through the middle
of the football game about ready to rip off his tighty-whities he's got on there.
So you can see here in this screenshot posted on this website that there's the lady there
about ready to rip her top off, and a male streaker about ready to take it all off.
Well Blitz the League, because they basically went this way, they were like, well, we can't
use the NFL licensing anymore so we're gonna make the game a couple things
violent we're gonna add drug use and we're gonna you know add nudity I guess
so it's a mature out of all the football games that come out this is a mature
rated football game the rest are for everybody well no I'm interested
because you know NFL blitz was awesome so this should be no different
props to Midway for thinking creative I guess they you know those games like
madden and stuff even though you know we don't talk a whole lot about sports
games because honestly I really just don't play them madden was a disappointment
from what I've heard from people I've been playing they're like yeah but but
previous sports titles all these EA sports house they get more and more
realistic and they start feeling like you're watching Monday Night Football
Midways taking that one step further with the realism aspect by having the
streakers so interesting final thoughts Loki tonight I'll check out that game
Midway's coming in next week, so I'll have some questions for them.
Alright, sounds good.
My final thought is, thank you guys very much for listening, and hey, send us an email,
let us know how we're doing, togo, t-o-g-o, at orangelandrito.com, or if you want to contact
one of us directly, you know, send Loki some hate mail, or me some fan mail, you can always
check that out on our website, www.orangelandrito.com, and apologies to fans of our three hour show
that didn't get to hear us this Sunday because we had to cancel our live show this week.
We'll be back next week.
Got lots of music for you for next week.
Yes, we got a lot of Imani remixes coming up
on next week's show.
And I got a big Tomo, which is the distributor
of H-Tech to make a RPG make for the PSP.
That's my goal next week.
Very cool.
And I received a bucket load of information
on Percussion Master this week,
so I'm gonna be talking about that next week's show.
Okay.
All right.
Anyway, that's that.
Thanks for downloading our podcast and listening to us.
We appreciate your support.
Tell a friend about Orange On's Radio To Go,
because honestly, when we have to compete
Against you know the bigger and bigger guys you know ABC and all these other big podcasts that are out there
the only way that indie podcasts stay
And you know it's I guess they get bigger at all and get the word out is for people to tell other people
Yeah, you know we try getting Leo Laporte, but he just doesn't want it. Yeah
He's got his own side about going back to g4 or something you know yeah poor guy
You know fight the fight from the inside on that note. Good night. Everybody. Have a good one
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
