Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition week of August 8th.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
Your podcast host for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
I am Loki, and with us tonight we have the lovely DarkSakura.
Our other co-host Sky is gone. Unfortunately, we shipped him off to the East Coast via FedEx, so he won't be back until next week.
But, first I'd like to start off by thanking everybody who voted for us for the Podcast Awards.
For those who may not have heard yet, we won Best Gaming Podcast, and we thank you very much. We couldn't have done it without your support.
Now, I like to start everything off, how Skye normally does it, with how was your gaming
week?
So Jamie, what did you play this week?
Other than widescreen pong, which actually I didn't play this week.
I played some PSO, looked at some games, I actually have Rob's birthday present here
that I finally got my hands on, something that he was wanting, but I'll let him talk
about that next week.
Mainly, I've been trying to get stuff together because I start school next week, plus I have an announcement.
Oh, what's the announcement?
I'm getting married on September 1st, so I've been sort of busy doing wedding stuff. Unfortunately, they don't have Wedding Planner the game. Not yet.
Wow, that's pretty soon.
Let's see, well this week I played quite a bit actually. I started off the week with beating Star Soldier on the PSP, which is fun.
So now I'm done with that. Then I actually played We Live Katamari, the Japanese version, so that was really nice.
Really fun game, got to play Flat Out, which is this game that came out a couple weeks ago.
It's kind of a racing game, kind of like a throwback to the old destruction derby type games.
really fun. Then I actually played a few more other things.
Lego Star Wars, got to try that.
I've played that and it's kinda crap. I don't know, I thought it was kinda fun, but
you know, I'm just weird like that.
Then also I was able to play,
let's see, Burnout 3. That game is so much fucking fun.
It's definitely worth
the best racing game of the year, the G4 of 2005. They said, you know,
great game. It's just like an arcade racing game. You can smash through everything.
It's really, really, really fun. I cannot stress how fun it is.
I got to play some In The Groove this week.
Yeah, well we know how that is. And it's basically
as bad as bad as I thought it was. So I'm
glad you know that I was renting it and not buying it.
And I actually got to try out a little bit of Genji, which is pretty cool, Japanese, I can't understand it, and NamcoX Capcom, which has one of the most kickass anime intros I've ever seen for a game, so really cool.
Anyways, actually I was gonna try that one game that was suggested to me by one of our listeners.
However, again, with this week being as hectic as it was, I haven't got a chance, although
I've started the download on it, but another one of our listeners has pointed me in the
direction of another game that I'm going to be giving a try sometime this week as well,
that's along the same lines.
It's supposed to be pretty cool.
Awesome.
Well, let's go ahead and start this week off here with a little bit of gaming news.
First off, the wonderful Jack Thompson is coming after yet another game, because you know, parents can't decide for their kids what they need to play. We need a stupid lawyer from Florida, which all good things come from Florida.
Anyways, we've got Jack Thompson coming after Killer7 now, and basically his quote is,
"'There is no question in my mind that a video game containing full-blown sex sequences cannot be rated anything other than adults only, rather than M.
The full-blown sex sequences are no more than you could see in an R-rated movie.'"
But for those who aren't keeping tally, Jack Thompson was the guy that actually brought this whole hot coffee thing to the table and blew it way out of proportion, like everything, and just is coming after yet more games.
In other words, he's the lead asshole in charge of the brigade.
Yes, he sucks. And basically, he actually did an interview on Chatterbox video game radio, basically bitching about different things, and including how he says Will Wright wants Electronic Arts to collaborate with the porn industry to allow wholesale modification of their game, Sims 2, because of this whole third-party porn thing.
Which, by the way, has nothing to do with EA's game in the first place.
This is completely like some perverted people out there making mods.
Because Sims 2 allows you to actually make third party mods, including brand new clothing, skins, and furniture and whatnot.
And of course you know there's going to be somebody out there that's going to make a nude skin.
So, he's blaming them saying,
Oh, well you know, because you're allowing modification in the game, you're to blame for this crap.
It's retarded. Honestly, extremely retarded, this guy is.
I wish we could get him on our show so I could punch him in the face, but, you know, that's just me.
But, the other thing, since we've got a ton of people hating on Rockstar right now,
there were people coming after the game that hasn't even, mind you, hasn't even been finished yet.
And they're coming after the game already.
And that game would be the brand new Bully by Rockstar.
And we actually have anti-bullying groups coming out to Rockstar about this game saying
they shouldn't be released and they have a list of demands.
A list of demands that they basically wanted them to donate money to this anti-bullying
fund.
They're saying that games like Grand Theft Auto and stuff actually raise insurance rates.
Just throwing out all these bogus weird claims that mean nothing.
They're just groundless.
They obviously haven't read, you know, like I brought up last week about the FBI's reports
and, uh, you know, stuff put out by our government stating that crime has gone down since the
release of the, uh, first PlayStation.
You know, wouldn't that go to show that they're actually being given, maybe, an outlet for
this aggression instead of going out and actually committing the crime?
I mean, does that make sense, maybe?
No, they've got their heads too far up their asses, unfortunately.
Basically, we've had activists demonstrating outside of Rockstar's New York offices, and they had a list of demands.
I like to read some of their lists, which is great.
They demand that Rockstar not to release Bully under any circumstances, volunteer to sell its violent and sexually explicit games in adult video stores only,
Let parents return Grand Theft Auto for a full refund until they do a national awareness campaign to educate parents of the content and possible effects.
Create a fund for victims of unauthorized use of motor vehicle and carjackings, etc.
Make a national apology for misleading and lying to children, parents, and legislators about their intentions and causing insurance premiums to skyrocket.
Right, and it basically says they have to give a written response within five business
days of the receipt of these demands.
First of all, they're not going to get any of that crap because there is no, again, like
I said before, there is no legal precedent.
I'm sorry, they're so full of shit right at this.
I mean, think about this.
How is a video game responsible for insurance rates increasing, though it has nothing to
do with that the game itself has there been anything published that says it has
a sexually explicit content for bully something about being in school no
they're just saying that they're totally speculating this game isn't even done
yet they haven't even seen anything except for one screenshot that's out
there me actually I've seen one screenshot maybe four different
screenshots but it's all pretty much the same thing no one knows what this thing
about other than the main characters a bully that's it they don't even know
what the games about and they're already bitching about it you know what this is
the other thing the games are rated M for mature 17 and over people you're
telling me that an average 17 year old in this day and age does not know what
sex is oh yeah yeah I'm sure okay what do you think a 17 year old has done
more had sex or murdered people I probably said you know played with you
know thumb and five fingers but that's another story at least know what it's
for right let me play this way okay the average teenager out there knows what
sex is I mean it's taught in schools hell we have you know sexual content and
pg-13 movies nowadays I mean this is nothing new and the fact that they're
coming after a game that was already super violent in the first place you
know great you know racist language and all that type of stuff and now they're
Oh my god, it showed some titties. That's it. Time to pull it off the shelves. You know, that's ridiculous
What they need to do is just tell these guys to go fuck off is what they need to do.
I really hope that some of these parent groups are listening to our podcast
I really do because you want to know who's to blame for all the violent crime and who's out for
You know what the real cause of it. It's not Rockstar Games. It's you
This is your fault because you refuse to raise your children
You refuse to research what you buy for your children you want TV and video games to do your jobs for you
And I'm sorry, that's not gonna cut it anymore. You are the one who is to blame take some responsibility for yourself
What the hell do you expect these games to have content wise anyways killer seven hmm that must be about ponies and fairies
Right you know grand theft auto hmm. What does grand theft auto mean mean stealing fucking cars?
what do you think that's going to be about you know horses and ponies and
magical you know pixies and you know the world of fun and you know good behavior
no it's about violence and about you know murdering people about cop killing
about fucking prostitutes this is what the game is about and honestly folks it
doesn't matter if there's a little bit sexual content because that's just like
icing on the cake you're eating the cake anyways and then you're gonna bitch
about the IC being too rich that's what it comes down to just pathetic I'd say
it's pure pathetic all right well enough of that but we're gonna talk to
about now let's see we've actually got some interesting stuff one thing is Sony
is already saying that the Xbox 360 may suck and there just because of that they
may release their PS3 in 2007. The reason behind it is they're worried that the 360
might have a weak launch library and basically it's going to fail. Right, yeah, it's going
to fail alright. The first next-gen system coming out and they're hyping the hell out
of this and it's going to fail. No, honestly, people are going to buy this game, or this
system, whether it has crappy games or not. I mean, look at the DS.
Though, remember what happened with the Dreamcast, sadly.
true but I mean the Xbox 360 I mean you've got MTV backing it
I don't think so but the PlayStation 3
launching in 2007 I think that's a big mistake in the first place
they're basically gonna kill themselves if they end up doing that because
you're gonna have the revolution come out and even let's say that the Xbox 360
does flop
well then you've got the revolution people are going to be buying that and well where's Sony
up well they're just not there because they're waiting for their big launch
library
it's not going to happen but they're hoping to ride the success of the
PlayStation 2 because it's going to drop down to $99
which is good. I think they'll outsell the Xbox but it's not going to outsell the
Xbox 360
I don't know but either way
I'm going to be buying both systems when they come out whenever that is.
I've actually got some news in relation to the 360
there actually is
This is a preliminary release list from the Japan Xbox Summit 2005.
Some of the ones brought up, they had like a mixed tape trailer of different things.
We have Tony Hawk's American Wasteland, we have Quake 4, we have A-Train X, and for anyone
who is into those train sims, again this is the Japan one, and the A-Train series did
do very well. Test Drive Unlimited, a Gundam game, Bondi's putting out a Gundam game, and
also two titles that are, I'm supposing, anime themed. Bonpresto putting out Super Robot
Wars, and of course Super Robot Wars has been going on since like the Super Famicon, so
it's been out for a while. King of Fighters Maximum Impact 2, Resident Evil 5, Dead Rising
from Capcom. We have Eidos is putting out a title, D3 Publishers, Electronic Arts putting
out some soccer and NBA games, Need for Speed Most Wanted, The Godfather. We also have Enchant
Arm from Software, Frontier Groove Incorporated, we have Tokyo Extreme Racer, we have Far East
of Eden from Hudson Soft. So, um, I don't know what the hell they're talking about.
You know, RumbleRosesXX winning 11, there's just so much. We have Ridge Racer 6 coming
out, Frame City Killer. There's too much coming out that I don't think is gonna flop.
Well, what their strategy this time is actually listen to what the Japanese players want instead
of just releasing a system there that's basically an American system. Another title that was
coming out was Genji well actually actually that's PlayStation 3 not 360
anyways but um yeah they're definitely releasing some good library titles I
can't wait for Ridge Racer 6 Ridge Racer 6 is gonna be fucking awesome and
Ghost Recon the new ones are gonna be great I'm still wanting to know what the
one Treasure's putting out because Treasure was the group that gave us
Silhouette Mirage and Gunstar Heroes you know they're pretty awesome I also saw
shotgun was mentioned on there, which is probably going to be one of the best western games
ever. I mean, just from what I've seen so far, it's coming out on the two current consoles
right now, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. That's going to be amazing from what I've seen. Dead
or Live, I mean, three Dead or Live games is a little overkill for me, I think. Unless,
unless there's new Dead or Live beach volleyball, in which case, oh, there is a brand new Dead
Yes, yes, more titillating action, fanservice, to the extreme on Xbox 360. I can't wait. I can't wait for the Dead or Alive movie because I hope it's all T&A.
That's what I hope. By the way, I did see some trailers. They had a new teaser for Aeon Flux, and I might have to say that that movie's gonna kick ass.
And the game's also going to kick ass because it looks pretty sweet so far from what I've seen.
Alright, awesome! Did you have any other stories for us?
I have another one. Of course, Midway's doing Feel the Rush.
They've got some celebrity talent and music lined up for it.
The thing that has me the most excited about this is it's really got an RPG element to this.
One of the main rivals in the game is voiced by Bill Bellamy.
We have also just quite a number of people lending their talent from West Coast Customs.
There's also the list of cars.
We have a bunch of new Dodges like the new Charger.
We have the H2, which is a piece of crap, you know, fake Hummer.
We have the 1966 Pontiac GTO, isn't that cool?
the new Lotus Exige, we have Mitsubishi Spider, we have the Lancer Evo 5, Skyline GTR, which
is actually one of my favorite cars, but also you're going to be able to upgrade your cars
with official parts, you know, we have Nismo, which was, you know, put out a racing part.
I'm actually sort of surprised to not see any of the Rally Arts stuff in there since
they've got Mitsubishi in there, but it looks like it's going to be a fairly interactive
racing game, I think it's going to be pretty cool.
Nice.
Now, obviously, there's a lot of stuff coming out in the future with the brand new systems
coming out, but let's talk about some of the stuff that's going to be coming out next few
weeks here.
First off, we have next week releasing one of the godfathers of all sports games, Madden
2006, which is going to be awesome.
They have the brand new superstar mode, which actually links up with the NCAA 2006 as well.
If you like those sports games, personally I couldn't care for them, but you know, they're
really good.
We've also got one of my favorites that I've been waiting for because I keep pushing this
thing back and further and further and further, Graffiti Kingdom, which is going to kick ass
the sequel to Magic Pen Jell, which came out I believe last year, where you get to draw
your own characters, and basically for people like me we get to draw a lot of perverted
shit and make it fight stuff, and that's a lot of fun.
And also we have coming out Darkwatch which is going to be the following week.
Basically a very interesting vampire western type game which plays very similar to Halo
2 and is freaking incredible is what it is.
Personally I'm waiting for the stuff in September like We Love Katamari and the new Ultimate
Spiderman and that type of stuff.
However, I take my wedding presents and video games, you know, not necessarily housewares.
Oh boy, um, the other thing also we should be looking forward to, the new Grand Theft Auto which is going to be coming out obviously in October.
So yeah, lots of fun stuff.
Um, now Dark Sakura, do you have any advice for us this week?
Do I ever.
Today's bit of advice is how to escape from a bear.
Because we all need to know how to escape from a bear.
How to escape from a giant, hairy, gay guy?
Remember, we shipped ro- I'm sorry. I'm not going to go there.
Okay. Today's bit of advice is how to escape from a bear.
Number one. If you see a bear but it does not see you, make your presence known and back away.
back away. Talk loudly, clap, sing, or call out. There is no guaranteed minimum safe distance
from a bear. The farther the better. If you are in a car, remain in your vehicle. Do not
get out, even for a quick photo. Keep your windows up. Do not impede the bear from crossing
the road. 2. If the bear looks as if it is about to attack, do not run. Remain still.
Remember, bears can run much faster than humans, and bears can climb trees. However, documented
The attacks show that an attack by a mother black bear often ends up when the person stops fighting.
Also ends, I'm sorry, when the person stops fighting.
Three, if you are lying still and the bear attacks, strike back with anything you can.
Go for the bear's eyes or its snout.
But my final bit of advice, don't feed the bears.
And also don't cover yourself in honey.
The bears.
Do you remember that on Saturday Night Live where they used to have Ditka? That was cool.
The Bears! Okay. Well, a little bit of the hack-and-crackin' news we've got.
Starting off with the PlayStation Portable. Yes, that's right folks. You'll be able to use it with the Xbox 360.
Man, that isn't a bad idea. I don't know what is.
But basically you'll be able to actually use their media browser on the 360 to do everything
from view your photos to listen to MP3s that are on the PSP.
But pretty much it can sync up with any music player or whatnot, iPod, etc.
And the PSP being just like those.
We have the brand new...
They're actually working on some more games coming out.
We have a Jak & Daxter that's going to be released pretty soon, and Fired Up, which
is a pretty cool, kind of a Twisted Metal type game.
Honestly we need some more Vigilante 8, that's what I'm waiting for.
In other news, because we can't just cover all the PSP cracking stuff, we've also got
to cover the Playstation 2.
For the PlayStation 2, they actually released Media Player Pro, which is a media player
for the PlayStation 2, which supports CD audio, actually you can use it to view your movies
and whatnot.
So that's kind of interesting.
And one of the things I was actually playing with this week was the Key Launcher, which
Which is a memory card program to launch homebrew stuff without a mod chip.
Which is really awesome.
So I highly recommend that you download it if you're trying to play some of those wonderful
games that you should be playing on your Playstation 2.
Look up for the key launcher.
It's awesome.
And finally, of all the weird ports in the world, this one involving Mac stuff, or Apple
stuff, Doom was ported to the iPod.
Why the hell would you port Doom to the iPod?
But you did.
Anyways, and it's a bit sluggish right now, but it runs off of the iPod Linux, and this
is also the same thing.
It's not quite the Doom for the Nokia 770, which was also done earlier this week, but
you know, those people, they'll port anything on Linux, and Doom is probably the next best
thing.
I'm still waiting for Linux for Toaster.
You know, my bagels need to burn programs too.
You know what, we need Linux for the DS because honestly there's nothing for the DS right
now.
I need my Nintendogs, that's what I need too.
I get to play with my puppies but for five minutes at a time.
Other things, more stuff for the browser, the 2.0 browser.
Some people have actually done the pretty cool WinPS Portal 2.0, which resembles a desktop,
a Windows XP desktop, and actually is pretty cool from what I've tried out so far.
I personally don't have my PSP updated to 2.0 because I'm just not going to do that.
But the other thing was they also found out one of the little things about the PSP 2.0
is that it will launch custom programs if you put it in the update folder, but then
immediately discovers that the program is not what it's signed to be, and then stops
loading it, but that might lead to them breaking through the version 2.0 firmware. Only a matter
of time before they do that. Well, we can hold our breath, but we might turn blue before
it happens. Then again, maybe we'll just turn like a slight shade of purple and then take
our breath again. We actually wanted to dip into the mailbox if you were done. Okay. We
We actually have gotten quite a number of emails, but I'm going to go ahead and read
just one or two.
We got one from our buddy Steve, who wrote in, wanted to actually thank and congratulate
us for keeping up with an awesome show.
You know, you were one of the people who made our win at the podcast awards possible, so
thank you.
You also, I'm just going to go ahead and quote here, I have to say the enthusiasm and overall
appeal was particularly evident in this week's episode, the August 1st episode.
Not only did you break your old record for length, but you all seemed just so much more
into the content, which was great to hear.
There's a reason for that.
We did the podcast on Saturday.
We did it early.
And we were wide awake and not fresh from doing our three hour show.
However, you know, we'll try to recreate that enthusiasm, don't you think?
Yeah, we try to be very enthusiastic.
This week is hard because we're missing one of our co-hosts and, uh, you know, it's hard
to be enthusiastic on Sundays because you have to work on Mondays but hey
whatever you know it's all good another question you wanted to ask is wanted to
know what the background music during my advice piece was to quote it sounds
fabulously happy and you'd love to hear where it came from it's actually journey
to Wonderland from keyboard mania because we started off the money themed
and that one just fits so many wrong things and so many things that's more
appropriate for.
Um, but he wants to say once again, thanks for the excellent show and hope you keep up
the great work guys.
And we do our best.
We try.
We really try.
We're glad you love us.
And suddenly I'm reminded of the Quiznos commercials.
We love the subs.
I'm just very random today.
Um, we also got one from a guy named Ben who said, uh, he, uh, actually, uh, became aware
of us through, uh, DDR Freak, who, uh, I'm actually, uh, a moderator on DDR Freak and
all of us have frequented their, in the past when we were strictly Jesse Bamani related.
Um, but, uh, he was, you know, wrote in to say that he thought that Loki was great drunk.
Ah, yes, the classic drunk episode, which we will be re-creating the drunk episode on
September 11th, my birthday, which also happens to fall on Sunday.
I will be drinking that day as well.
Hopefully this time not throwing up all over the place, but still as incoherent as usual.
You know what we might have to do, because it's still tentative, but I'm thinking about
doing my friend related wedding reception at Dave and Busters on the 10th, getting everybody
as intoxicated as possible and recording a drunken podcast from the middle of Dave and
Busters.
Wouldn't that be crazy?
Eh, maybe.
I just don't want to drive.
He also wants to add in that Halo 2 isn't just another first person shooter, and Grand
Theft Auto San Andreas is a fucking great game, but it is not a revolution.
a great day. I can agree with the latter statement, yeah. I can agree with that. Also though,
we have an interview posted with the Senior Vice President of Software for Square Enix,
Hiroichi Tanaka. Just a little bit about this, it has to do more with Final Fantasy 11 on
the Xbox 360, they said actually that it's very easy since the Xbox 360 uses Direct X.
It is going to run in time with the Playstation and PC versions of Final Fantasy 11.
One thing about it though, where it will be using the 360's Xbox Live chat function, you
will not be able to chat with people on the PC since it's only on the Xbox 360 servers.
And it's not a built-in function of Final Fantasy XI, it's just accessing the 360 servers.
As far as the keyboard support, he says that Microsoft is thinking about adding a text
input device separately, but I remember Microsoft saying in the past that they were never going
to do a keyboard.
No they're doing a really ugly controller with a stupid QWERTY keyboard that's crammed
onto it as well.
Ugly.
I've seen the pictures of it.
But you know, they had something like that before on GameCube for Phantasy Star Online.
But the thing is that if they keep the controllers very similarly, all they have to do is have the same keyboard adapter that Phantasy Star Online uses.
And then they don't have to do anything.
They don't have to do anything anyways. I mean, the Xbox 360, I'd imagine.
I'm not sure, I know PlayStation 3 has USB ports and the Xbox, or the Revolution is going
to have the USB ports as well.
And basically, why not just sell a keyboard, either have it use a USB keyboard and mouse
or have it just use a wireless keyboard and mouse or something.
I don't understand why you wouldn't support that.
they want you to buy this really subpar controller that you're only going to use for one game.
It's kind of crappy.
I really think they should stick with what they do with Phantasy Star.
Also another question asked is if it was going to be using the Play Online servers or the
Microsoft servers.
It was specified they'll be using Play Online.
Delays in development right now is that they have the Windows specifics up but are still
working on Japanese character input.
There's a really funky screenshot on here where one of the characters, you can't see
his face.
space is totally not rendered.
About as far as if it's going to cost the same as the other versions or different fee,
they have not yet decided, but also North American audiences do get to beta test Final
Fantasy XI on Xbox 360 first, since the 360 will be released here.
Beta testing will be free when you get the Xbox 360, you will be able to apply for the
beta test.
As far as anything else though, they're looking to sell for about $29, and I don't really
see anything else major about that.
All right, I'm all on the topic of the 360 once again.
The question that's on everybody's mind, will the old games play on the new systems?
Well Xbox says, eh, maybe.
what's going to happen is only some games will be able to play. Why, you may ask? Because
unlike the Playstation 3, which actually uses, you know, they put the actual old chips on
there so it's not actual emulation, it's playing straight off the old chips. The Xbox, being
that this brand new system is built on the Nvidia graphics card, the old one was built
on ATI. Uh oh! That's a problem! Well, so they're gonna have to emulate it. And basically
only some games will work with the emulation. However, it's gonna be decided case by case.
Usually it's gonna be the most popular games. It says right now, they're predicting that
the numbers could be somewhere between 5 and 20 of the games will be backwards compatible.
Which that's kind of crappy if you ask me, but supposedly I guess if you get Xbox Live
or something like that, maybe they'll add more.
But fine, I mean come on now, and they're not even selling Xboxes right now, either
they've stopped production on Xboxes for the 360 to get it ready for launch.
That's going to fuck over a lot of players right now, that's what I think.
And I mean the whole point, what's the point of even having backwards playability if it's
only going to work for five games?
kind of retarded. So, that's lame, but that's what they're doing.
Sounds like a bunch of geniuses over Microsoft, doesn't it?
Um, as far as other news, we, uh, you know, I'm sure that everybody who's listened to
the show for a while knew that I was pretty excited about the Gizmondo coming out, putting
up by, uh, Tiger Telematics. However, um, they have requested or are looking for 50,000
units from the Gizmondo manufacturer, um, however, they're saying that there are, uh,
they are also saying that numerous, uh, USA retailers intend to stock the product, so
they're working on a press release, however, the system has been delayed, um, they're actually,
they said that they have an unannounced highly significant game title for release, but there's
not really anything else saying, um, on here, looking for, it looks like later on, uh, this
But we're supposed to be receiving more information over the next few weeks.
And another news I'd like to classify as too little too late.
The Nokia N-Gage QD has announced that they're going to be releasing a silver colored version.
Unfortunately the silver colored version will not make it suck any less.
Back to you.
Suckage in a pretty package?
Um, also for our UK listeners, guess what? You get something before we do!
You get Alien Hominid on the Game Boy Advance.
Um, the game is already out on the PS2 and Xbox.
Basically, I love how this is described. Super fast action and irreverent humor.
However, it's being released in the smaller format. The game features 13 levels and maintains a
faithful conversion
of the style of the game. There are no plans for a US release that have yet been announced.
So, I'm not sure we're going to eventually get it, because there's hardly anything we
don't eventually get. However, fair play to you, you get it first.
I want them to release Seven Sins over here. That's something that the UK has that we need
to have so that they go ballistic over that one, because that's all it is, is full-on
sex.
What about the Playboy game? I never see them coming after the Playboy game.
I think that all those people trying to censor our games and everything need to get that pine tree out their ass.
Those roots are starting to stick out their mouth.
The problem is, is us gamers don't really have any way we can combat this.
It's just, you know, it's all these politicians and, you know, law people that are just, you know, kinda coming after us.
This lawyer, first off, he needs to go up against some of these companies, and we need some of these companies to stand up to him and just say,
them and just say fuck off because you're retarded and just fight them and
make them lose in court but then you have the whiny mothers they're just you
know oh my kid oh my god he could have possibly been exposed to this I'm suing
you because he might have been exposed to this even though I don't know he was
because I wasn't monitoring what he's playing and yeah one thing though that I
like to keep in mind to put all of this into perspective we are that we are the
gaming generation our numbers are increasing daily before too long these
gamers are going to grow up and they're going to be the ones having the kids and
we're going to be the ones making the decisions and we're going to be the ones
with the power you know give it 10 15 years they're gonna be sitting in their
wheelchairs going we lost the gamers grew up and kicked our asses oh yeah I'm
waiting for that you know we just have to keep in mind and I love that we have
this format that we can reach so many people, go out and spread the word seriously.
The next parent you see bitching about this, tell them, hey, look, the FBI says crime has
gone down.
You need to make sure that you do your research before you start, you know, affecting other
people's livelihoods by trying to shut them down.
These are people trying to earn money and pay for their kids' educations and take care
of their families, just the same as you.
You know, they're doing this because they're selfish and they don't feel like raising their
own children you know we need more people to get the word out there parents
do your job I'm gonna start a campaign right now parents do your fucking job
campaign I'm gonna go out there and protest in front of like PTA meetings
and stuff I think I should do that that'd be great what we need to do is we
need to get a group of people and basically the back up the idea okay so
they want to be you know they want you know awareness of what the games have
content-wise well that's already on there I mean that's just like movies
okay you know they display on movies what's in the movie and that type of
thing I don't see what the big deal is with you know violence or sex in an
r-rated movie which I might add is okay for a 17 year old to go see okay it's
okay for that but you don't ever hear any more of people going oh well I
brought my kid to that new movie and there was full-on sex in it it was rated
are. I'm going to sue you because I didn't know there was sex in this movie.
That's what things called reviews are. They do pre-screenings of movies so that the critics
can look at it and rip it apart before you get a chance to. If you want to know the content
of any movie, go online and look at the goddamn reviews. The same thing goes for video games.
are reviews posted if you are so worried if you love your children enough you
will go to put forth the extra effort it takes to see what they're getting into
before laying down the money because the moment that that money leaves your hand
and pays for that game and you sit just at that moment not even when you sit
your children down to play the game the moment you purchase it that is the
moment that you take 100% responsibility for what your child sees you are the
I think we should just have all parents sign off on a little form when they buy their game that's mature rated
that says, I fully acknowledge the content in this game is inappropriate for anybody under the age of 17.
Now I am wholly responsible if anybody under the age of 17 is playing this in my presence and any actions that result of them playing this.
And then when they go,
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT THAT GAME WAS VIOLENT
even though with big content warnings on the front,
I'm gonna see you and they're like,
Fuck you! You signed the contract!
Shove it up your ass.
You wanna know what's funny is that I deal with that daily since I work in the mortgage industry?
I didn't know that I had to have insurance on my house.
BITCH! You signed that form! You gotta have insurance!
Same thing, I think that's a great idea.
I think there should be disclaimers that people sign when they buy adult-only and M-rated games.
That is a brilliant idea. We should definitely write our Congressman to lobby for that.
And the other thing, too, about Killer7, and I'd like to backtrack a little bit.
How they're saying that, you know, this has full-on sexist stuff.
Before the game even starts, there's a little warning that comes up.
This game contains violent content and some nudity.
parental discretion advised, you know, full on on there you have to hit a button to go
through it, okay?
What more, it's honestly, what more do these game companies need to do for you fucking
people?
Honestly, because, what, when's it gonna, what does it take for you to need to do your
own job?
I mean, what, what do they need to do before you start, you know, being responsible?
Nothing.
There's nothing they can do.
You want the government to come in and do your job for you so you can go kick back and
get drunk and wasted and stuff and have more kids probably the same way you had
your kids in the first place so what comes down to is when I have my kids I'll
be watching what they're playing and honestly I don't mind if they play the
mature games because I'll be teaching them difference between right and wrong
in the first place and they know that this is a game it's fictional it's not
does not play in the real world it's just like a fantasy movie the end that's
That's what it's going to come down to.
I really think in the end it really has more to do...
You know, also these parents need to give their kids a little bit more credit.
Your children are not stupid in most cases.
They only become stupid after you teach them how to be.
You know, your children are most likely going to know the difference between fiction and
reality.
And if they don't, then you need to take them to the psychologist or you need to go to parenting
school or something.
Because then there's some seriously messed up issues.
But in the end, parents need to give their children a little bit more credit and they
need to take more responsibility for what their children do, for what their children
learn.
That's called parenting.
Letting the government do it, lobbying, you know, they're spending all this, you know,
it's almost like that episode of South Park, you remember, when they were trying to take
Terrence and Phillip off the air, and their children were talking about getting into drugs
and I hear smoking crack is kinda cute, you know, and watching porn movies while their
parents backs were turned and they were so busy focusing on this one issue you
know that's not parenting you need to actually take an active part in your
children's lives and say hey this is what I think that they should do this is
how I feel they should be raised that's the end of it I know we're kind of going
off on this one but it's a really I think a repeating theme for the show
don't you yeah and I think on that note we'll call this episode of Orange
I like fire, and reject false icons.
I like fire and reject false icons.
for the podcast awards thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you if you
have any questions comments or gripes or anything or just fan mail or you want to
send us nudie pictures of course tell them to write to to go at orange
challenge radio.com because guess who has to check it me and they usually
respond to you very quickly because I'm usually at work or you can reach me with
any of those hate mails and whatnot at a Loki at orange lunch radio.com and yeah
Yeah, enjoy the podcast, have a good week, stay cool, and we're outie! Bye bye folks!
