Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of August 15th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello once again, everybody, and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio To Go, your home for discussion on video games that don't suck.
it's all the news you really want to know about here on Orange Lounge Radio
and big thank you to those you guys who helped us I know you mentioned this
Loki last week but since I wasn't here last week I'm back by the way hello
this is let's introduce ourselves
my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Skye joining me is DarkSakura
How did you get through all the packing tape and the bubble wrap?
Very slowly that's why I was gone two weeks. Ah it took you that long
I just thought that they just got tired and shipped you back.
And possibly a little bit of that.
And the one and only Loki.
I am here.
Yes, you are.
All right, so we were kind of in an interesting position
last week.
Since I wasn't here, Loki and Dark Sakura
couldn't use the regular studio.
So they effectively had to record last week's show
through two tin cans and a piece of string
or something like that.
No, seriously.
A laptop and a headset.
A laptop and a headset.
And I had to edit in stuff.
So don't complain.
So if you're wondering why last week's show
sounded a little bit different,
it's because it wasn't in the usual studio,
but you know what, kids?
That's how dedicated we are
to giving you new material every week.
Some shows would've just said,
oh, well, screw it, we're gonna take the week off.
Nope, not us.
Not us.
Anyway, I just wanted to personally thank,
I know, Loki, thank you last week.
I wanna personally thank you guys
for helping us out with the podcast awards
and getting us a win over there for Best Gaming Podcast.
That's amazing, that's incredible.
I can't even, wow.
I mean this podcast was originally supposed to be the little side
show that we figured out maybe like a couple people downloaded the ones that
listen to our three hour show and it'll be cute
but now this thing is just like blown up huge it's its own thing now and and even
on iTunes this week I wanna also say a big thank you to iTunes because we're
actually
listed on the iTunes front page under like
interesting indies and I thought that was kinda cool to be called like an indie
podcast so
just to be up there with others well yeah cuz once we start podcasting
everybody's got to start podcasting
I know we're trendsetters but that's okay. I'd like to think we were the first podcast but I
think Adam Curry might have an issue with that claim so
but we we we got on board we got on board pretty soon
anyway let's talk about some games specifically the games we've been
playing
for the last week or so Dark Sakura what's
been going on in your gaming world? I went back to widescreen pong because
I'm starting school next week. So I've been going crazy trying to get stuff together. I'm also getting married on September 1st
Congratulations. Sorry, no one can crash
But you're invited. Of course, you're both invited. Thank you. If you wanna make it to the courthouse
What if the listeners want to send money and send those to a dark side? Okay
See, I knew that would change your mind a little bit. It would be a Jamie spell J a m ie
i.e. not J-A-I-M-E.
Hello!
Or J-A-M-Y.
No, no, no, no.
Actually, they've been misspelling my name.
Oh, well, yeah.
My name is on our website.
Frickin' spell it right.
J-A-M-I-E at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And they can send you money.
I'm taking my wedding presents
and Amazon gift certificates.
All right.
Seems I'm not registered anymore.
You'll have to let me know if you actually get anything.
That'll be kinda cool.
That would be kinda cool.
So no other games in between there?
Well, I did play, you know, a couple things with Dan, you know, did nothing major, I played
some PSO.
I just, since I've been so busy trying to get, you know, my school stuff set up, I haven't
been able to dedicate as much time to games.
Now, I hate to call you out on something, but you told me during the three hour show
tonight that you haven't been able to put down that Nintendogs five minute demo.
You know, I played it like, I played it five times.
In the same day.
I thought you said you, like, burned it out, you played it so much.
No, it's just, I was getting frustrated because I kept playing Frisbee with the puppies and
and then it was like, oh, five minutes is up, bing.
Like, ah, I wanna play with puppies.
Just like a little over a week to go.
A little over a week to go.
Puppies.
Loki, what's been going on in your gaming world?
I've been playing lots of games, mostly Burnout 3.
I love that game, every single minute.
I must look like some really hardcore crazy guy at my work
because I bring my PlayStation 2 to work.
I set it up, within a 15 minute break,
we play two races and disassemble it
and take it back upstairs.
Who makes Burnout 3?
EA.
Are they paying you under the table to say good things about it?
No.
It's a great game though.
But it's also, what's awesome about it is they've price reduced it already.
So it's $19.99.
Oh cool.
You can go out and get it.
I'm really anticipating Burnout Revenge, which is coming out in September, which will be
awesome.
Other than that, I've been playing just a variety of import games from Taeku no Tatujin
for the Playstation Portable, which is a lot of fun.
And then I've also been playing, I tried playing a little bit of Genji Dawn the Samurai, which
is going to be coming out here in September, um, really looks cool. I love that game, it's
just so pretty. I just wish I could understand dialogue because I can't read Japanese, but
whatever. And then AmcoX Capcom, which looks disappointing, actually. Really? I thought
it was going to be a cool, like, you know, role playing game type thing. It's a tactical
RPG, and I don't like tactical RPGs. When you say tactical RPG, you mean like Advance
wars like a fancy tactics like my own fancy tactics okay exactly
and uh... it's just i was expecting some different uh... looks the intro movies
cool but never got into like tactics or do you know i i i never did i i don't
like i kinda like those games so i gotta check this out
uh... i don't know but
it'll be cool when it comes out over here and then we look at mark not been
loving again
uh... i'm
good to play in this week away seven writer die
all i tried seven sins to this week uh...
It's like The Sims 2, just with nudity.
Honestly, it's exactly like it.
It's really interesting and very annoying. I'm sure Seven Sins.
I'm sure that made Jack Thompson a very happy man.
Well, it's in Europe. What's he gonna do? Tell the Europeans to stop their games?
They don't care about nudity. Stop being naked all the time!
Next week though, I'm playing 187 Ride or Die and Darkwatch for sure.
You got a busy, busy gaming schedule. I wish my list of games was as impressive,
But sadly, since I've been traveling, all I've had is handhelds.
I finally bought my own copy of Luminous, because it's this long-going story.
If you've listened to the podcast for several weeks now, I bought a copy of Luminous before
I had the PSP.
My friend accidentally took it one weekend.
I ended up just giving it to him as a birthday present, because he loved it so much, and
I finally went and bought my own copy while I was traveling, since I was on the East Coast
for a couple weeks.
I went to a DDR tournament while I was out on the East Coast, and I played a new game
called Percussion Master, which is pretty cool. It's like a cross between Taiko no
Tatujin and Drum Mania, if you're familiar with those games. Taiko Drum
Master was the American name of Taiko no Tatujin. Pretty cool game. I liked it. I
loved the song list. It was fun, but it's a game that I think might wear thin a
little quickly because it doesn't seem to have a whole lot of extra modes and
things, but I didn't really have a chance to really prod around the game. It does
have a very solid song list and I do recommend any music gaming fan check it
out those you guys aren't music gaming fans probably won't ever even find this
game because I don't think it'll probably come out on the homes or
anything I think it's a very small release otherwise I've just been playing
a lot of handheld games I actually tried I kind of forced myself to try and play
some DS games that I originally had given negatives reviews for on the show
one of them being polarium sorry kids still can't get into polarium Yoshi
Touch and Go after playing Kirby Canvas Curse it kind of has a dual effect like
I'm able to understand Yoshi Touch and Go more and I'm able to get a little
better at it and have a little more fun with it but to me it still feels like
you're paying a full price for a game for just like a two level game and I
still can't recommend Yoshi Touch and Go I say if you want a game like that just
get Kirby Canvas Curse it's a much much more solid game so really it's just been
about the handhelds. I still need pack picks. One thing I want to bring up oh I
I want I still need to check out pack pics and I want to check out pack and roll too when that comes out
Pack and roll is fun. One thing I want to definitely mention about PSPs
I used to kind of bash the whole UMD movies on PSP thing as not being a very good idea as what's the point?
I'll tell you what after five-hour flights on Southwest
PSP movies have become my favorite thing ever. I'm so happy
That my friend sharks girl who's been on some of our three hour programs on orange launch radio.com. She loaned me some movies
I finally saw Tron for the first time on PSP and I saw a movie called I robot with Will Smith both great movies
Which I surprised me I robot did not look like the kind of movie. I would like at all and I loved it
I thought it was great. So
PSP movies are awesome. I still am a little weirded out with the whole idea that you pay
$20 for the movie that you're how often you gonna watch the movie on your PSP to really make it worth it
Here's my suggestion and I seriously should like trademark this idea or something before somebody steals it
And I think I might have mentioned this on a three-hour show or something before him
I'm gonna say it again because this is very apparent to me after doing a lot of traveling this weekend
Somebody should start like a rental service
For PSP movies in airports and have these places like in all these airports called altitudes
Do they do they rent? Yes these oh they do they rent and I think they rent and sell DVDs
I thought they only sold them. Well, I'm pretty sure they do. I know they are starting to do UMD games
also I think there was I know there's some place that all the tunes I want to
say is one of them but I can't remember they rent or sell I want to say they do
rent though because you can return them to other altitude stores yeah in
different airports I see something like that for UMDs I bet would make a killing
maybe not right away but when you when PSPs really catch on I think it'd be
great idea oh they they love those portable games man they're buying well
if altitudes adopts that idea they need to send me a dollar or something for
giving the idea anyway let's get into some gaming news tonight boys and girls
starting off with QuakeCon. QuakeCon just happened recently and I heard that
there were some new movies shown for Quake 4
I haven't gotten a chance to see this but apparently the quake fans are all excited
somebody in chat
during the life program this week was really excited about Quake 4. I have seen them
What did you think? They were interesting it looks, Quake
though is starting to look more like Halo just because well I wonder why
Well, it's not surprising. I mean, it's running on the new Doom 3 engine, which is nice.
The movie that I saw is basically, it looks like an all-out war right now.
And you're falling in the trenches with this one guy, and you're basically just kind of shooting these other things.
And you see gunfire going up overhead and stuff. So it looks just like out of Halo 2, basically.
I don't know. It looks good, though.
Here's what I thought was a really cool piece of information that also came out of QuakeCon.
John Carmack actually announced that the Quake 3
source code is going to be released.
Now, remember what the Doom source code
release has done for us.
I mean, now we've got Doom on the iPod and all
this crazy stuff.
This is going to be pretty cool, Quake 3 source.
I'm just wanting to see what they would turn it into.
Yeah, I'm kind of curious to see what kind of side
projects come out of this.
Loki, you're kind of more in the hack and crack thing.
Is this going to be a huge thing, or what do you think
about the Quake 3 source?
I think it would be cool.
I mean, definitely you're going to get some really good games coming out from it.
I mean, just look at all the Quake 2 stuff that you had, you know, coming out in all
the mods and whatnot, and some of the mods becoming their own games and that type of
thing.
Sure.
It couldn't hurt, definitely.
Let's talk about PSP and the firmware.
There's brand new firmware coming out.
It's actually going to come out today, August 15th, the day that our show is released.
It was supposed to be out a couple days ago, but they, you know, just have to wait a little
bit because I guess there were some recent bugs to fix or something.
Just a reminder, the PSP firmware 2.0 will have that new web browser application which
lets you browse the internet on your PSP from any wireless hotspot.
So that's going to be pretty cool.
Also enhanced video and audio playback, they're saying.
Photo sharing options, broader network connectivity, and a more customizable interface.
So a lot of people looking forward to 2.0, but of course the downside of that, if you
upgrade, say goodbye to the NES emulator for a little while, at least until you know they're
going to find a way around the 2.0 fix.
They're working on it already.
Just give it time, I'm sure it'll happen.
Honestly though, if you're going to be upgrading because of a web browser, just wait, because
they're already working on web browsers, hell, there's four already.
I mean, what, if you really want to use a web browser, there's always Wipeout, and there's
already two other ones that they're working on.
Yes, but like, you know, when they release a really popular game for PSP, like let's
say the new Grand Theft Auto game, don't you think these games are going to force you to
go to 2.0?
No, because what they'll do is they'll just dump the ISO of the game, and then you'll
just be able to run it just like normal.
Okay, heaven forbid there should be people out there in the world that buy their games
legally.
Okay, yes, you can still buy the game legally, but you can use your own software to dump
the game and then run it on your memory card.
That's a lot of work just to run Kid Icarus on the PSP, although it is Kid Icarus.
So, I mean, they're getting close, they've already figured out a way to run four gigabyte
memory sticks on there, and those aren't memory stick duos, those are the pro ones, and they
figured out a workaround for that.
So four gigabyte memory stick that, from according to the guy who did it, 15 UMD games he has
on there, plus a whole bunch of homebrew stuff and movies.
To which I'm sure Sony is very excited, and I'll be bringing up a Sony anti-piracy story
a little later, which I'm sure you'll love, but in the meantime, let's hear what's going
on in the hack and crack world. Well, glad you asked, because we're getting closer and
closer to porting Linux to everything, so why not start with the PSP? Of course it's
not really ported, it's just emulated. So we have the x86 emulator, and for those not
in the know, it's basically a PC emulator, you know, DOS based type of thing. So they've
ported over Linux and Windows 95. Windows 95, if I might add, runs very freaking slow.
So wait, hypothetically, if x86 is emulated, you could run like Oregon Trail on your PSP.
You know, honestly, what you could do is they're talking about, you know, okay, well, about
porting Tiger because, you know, all these new things now you can be porting, you know,
Apple's operating system to Intel-based, you know, PCs.
So if in, I mean, it's only a matter of time, I mean, didn't Oregon Trail come out for the
Amiga?
I don't know.
I'm just kidding.
It's gonna come out. Eventually, you'll be able to play Oregon Trail on the PSP.
Hurray!
After all, that's what we're working towards, right?
That's exactly.
I don't give a shit about Halo 3. I want Oregon Trail on the PSP.
You missed it though. Our live show two weeks ago, we had my good friend, customi19, on the show.
By the end of the show, she was playing Oregon Trail on her laptop.
See? Smart woman.
uh-huh other stuff that's going on in the world of the PSP
I'm someone actually made a home version of kaboom
for the PSP rock on rock on kaboom was like the best Atari 2600 game
so simple so simple the concept of the game but ice
but I remember being five years old and just being like totally obsessed
with kaboom well don't get too excited yet it's still got tons of bugs it's the
first game this guy's program it's
program the a language called Lua which you can actually program homebrew games
pretty simple for your PSP.
Okay, plus also the fact that it doesn't have that little dial controller. I'm
sorry, no
other controller works the same as those little dial controllers that you had for
Breakout and stuff.
It'll ruin it for me. Yeah, so you've got that.
So that's one thing you can look at. The other thing is this
operating system, or I should say a GUI that they're making called P6,
which is going to be able to run homebrew stuff and all that wonderful
stuff. Plus they're talking about random wallpapers and yada yada yada.
And then my favorite, Scorched Earth PSP, got a version 0.9 release right now, they've
got more stuff being worked on, a scoring system, that sort of thing.
But it's getting closer, getting closer.
With all due respect, fuck worms, it's all about Scorched Earth.
So yeah, now away from the PSP stuff, we've got SCUMM, which was that wonderful engine
that ran Maniac Mansion in my favorite game, Monkey Island, the Secret Monkey Island, came
to the DS! Perfect! I can't believe that'd be awesome to try that out on the DS with
a touch screen. It runs fantastic from what I hear, and there's info on that on this
nintendo-ds.dcmu.com.uk. I know, no one's gonna get that. Anyways, it's out there, just
rewind listen again okay cool yeah so um really cool stuff very cool all right
let's go to dark Sakura who's got a story for us about well what is this
about really well it's put out by BBC news and I'm glad somebody especially a
prominent you know source like BBC has pointed out that parents ignore game age
ratings surprise big surprise a study commissioned by the UK games industry
found that parents let their children play games for adults even though they
know they are 18 rated. To quote Jurgen Freund, he's a modulum researcher,
most parents think that their child is mature enough so that these games will
not influence them. Parents perceive age ratings as a guide but not as a definite
prohibition. There was a case where when the parents of a 14 year old blamed the
gave manhunt for his death and the police investigated it and dismissed it
as part of the case you know I'm fine with a parent thinking that their child
is smart enough to understand the difference between games in real life
because that should be up to a parent to decide you know because like for
instance there's a lot of kids that are like 13 to 18 that I'm sure listen to
this podcast because I know some of them are listening to the three-hour show and
they're smart kids and I know that they're not gonna do anything stupid
like this guy who killed some guy over a manhunt and I think in that case if a
parent recognizes that then they should be able to play these adult games if
they want but unfortunately it's just those careless parents with careless
children that screw it up for everybody else it's just oh there's also a notice
on here that between January 2003 and July 2004 16 out of the 1208 games on
sale in the UK were given an 18-plus certificate they well did those 16 games
to sell though, I wonder.
Well, they actually interviewed about 1,000 UK adults,
and a further 100 were questioned
after buying a video game that was for 18 Up.
Of course, a comment from a couple of the people,
because they allow you to give comments back on this.
To allow an underage child to play an 18 plus rated game
is irresponsible parenting.
Not, I disagree.
I bet the same person would take their child to an R-rated movie if they screened it first,
you know?
Or if they knew something about it.
And I think if a parent knows a little something about the game, although of course this story
talks about ignoring ratings, but I think if the parent knows that their child can differentiate
between violence in a video game and violence in the real world, I think that's a parent's
decision.
There's also another one on here that says often media hype builds games up to be worse
than they are.
Thank you!
Oh, oh, yeah. Hello
Absolutely. That's right. I think back to
Remember we read a story a couple weeks ago on air about the blind
guy who was playing games and kicking people's asses Soulcalibur 2 and the media said that he'd play Soulcalibur 2 and
Decapitate people in the game, which is not something you do in that game
Actually, I want to go ahead and read his quote in full if I may sure the guys name is Kenny's from Nottingham
He says the violence in video games is often of a cartoon nature.
The outcry over Manhunt was laughable because the game was rubbish and wouldn't have sold
at all but for the furor in the press.
Often media hype builds games up to be worse than they are, and by doing so makes them
must-have games that they do not deserve to be.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is no different in theme to its two predecessors, but its
notoriety ensured its success.
I have something to add to this. There's also a related story. There was a study done in the University of Illinois, and they found no strong link between violent video games and aggression.
They basically did a survey watching players play this game, Astrone's Call 2, a popular MMORPG, and basically saying that the results were that no one showed signs of wanting to kill people afterwards.
I'd go crazy if I was stuck having to play Astrone's Call.
I know somebody who played Astrone's Call all day, all night, and she was as calm and sociable as could be.
Once again, I'd like to mention too, and I was noticing when reading that article that Dark Sakura was talking about in the comments section there, people were saying, you know, there's got to be a way, you know, with DVDs nowadays, you can lock out different DVDs that are, you know, raiding.
They're built into the consoles.
I know, that's what I'm saying. All these age, you know, prevention things, you know, for mature games, it's all programmed into the consoles. You can lock out content.
You have to have a code to get into it.
Yeah, you can lock this stuff out for your kids, so if you're worried about your kids playing games, you know, because you're not supervising them, which you should be doing in the first place, you can lock this stuff out.
It's on every single console system, I think from the Playstation up through the PSP now. It's just, it's ridiculous.
it's ridiculous. Wow. There's also one parent
who replied on this one that talks about how the kids are swapping games with
each other too and so
they even don't have any control over that because their kids are taking the
initiative. That's a very interesting point but at the same time
the parents should still be you know aware of what games their kids are
playing.
You know. There's another comment on here, this is the last one I'm going to read by
Vicky in Glasgow.
She says, I definitely agree with the idea that an 18 plus certificate on a
game makes it more desirable.
My stepson is instantly drawn to the game that he is not allowed to play
and it is a problem amongst his peers. In fact, it makes an even greater problem
when they are allowed to play these games at friends' houses
with the blessing of friends' parents but without our knowledge or consent.
Very interesting point there. Kids are sneaky! A very interesting point as well that
the
mature rating makes us want to play the games more.
Think about would anybody have ever bought the guy game?
I seriously they call it the sweet 18 and the sweet 18 in Europe basically you
know 18 plus games sell better 18 sweet all right let's move on I want to
mention something going on in another MMO I'm astronauts call to got brought
up in that previous story EverQuest 2 I want to mention this apparently there
was a big group of hackers that illegally created like currency and
EverQuest 2 and ended up causing the game's economy to suffer by 20% in just
24 hours of course then they finally got caught. Chris Cramer the director of
public relations for EverQuest 2 said that they had a duping bug that made
large quantities of platinum the game's currency the amount of money in the game
was increased by a fifth in about 24 hours hmm very interesting so that's
that EverQuest 2 is not a game that I've really played a whole lot but I guess if
you do play that game that must have sucked to have that happen kind of
strange thinking of such a virtual environment is having its own economy I
know I know you know when you stop it just think about that it's like oh my
god but but it's a huge part of any MMO Wow has its economy
Final Fantasy 11 or any of them. Well but actually PSO though really doesn't
because you because there's no auction house in PSO exactly that's you have
game controlled shops and basically the only way to really you know players can
sell stuff to each other but that's really the only way D it's more of a
barter system and so there's no real economy to manipulate there. I prefer
that actually over the auction house thing though actually that they did
limit the total amount of currency you can hold in a blue burst compared to the
Xbox just an FYI because I don't want to get any hate mail over this the economy
of the game was brought back to normal after the thing was discovered so if
you're an EverQuest 2 player everything's a-okay you can go back to
your ever questing now enjoy your crack and your slash pizza
enjoy your crack and your slash pizza all right I know one thing we enjoy not
just our slash pizza but we enjoy getting mail from our listeners so let's
hear what the folks who send us some email at to go to go at orange lounge
radio.com had to say this week dark Sakura what kind of lovely mail do we get
this week we have an email from a person named I hope I don't mispronounce this
Yannick hey guys regarding the media player that Loki mentioned on the last
podcast I have purchased the original media player back when I first got my
PlayStation 2 and didn't really know what to expect since it came from mad
cats and I have a bad history with them however this product is very reliable if
your computer is fast enough to stream the video over to your ps2 and if the
video is at the 320 by 240 resolution basically going over this saying that
Java stuff's buggy but it the bad cats one worked just fine alrighty the one I
was talking about though it's a little different than the media player he's
talking about. The one I talked about was actually streaming stuff off the Playstation
hard drive that you put in there. So, similar, but I think you can do the same type of thing.
Any other emails you want to share? Um, we also got one from someone named Blake, who
writes us from Atlanta, Georgia. Hotlanta! Hey, I've been to Atlanta plenty of times.
I used to stay with relatives over in Alpharetta.
I got cousins in Augusta, other than a bit of a drive from there.
You just started listening to our show a few weeks ago.
Great job.
You're one of the two podcasts I listen to.
Well, um...
What's the other one?
No, I'm just kidding.
There's a lot of great podcasts there.
I'm quoting.
Well anyways, listened to your latest show and you were ranting about the game ratings
so I completely agree with you guys.
I'm 13 and my parents let me play any game I want.
Back when I was around 3 years old, my dad talked to me about game ratings and told me
it was all fake and just a game.
Been playing Doom since I was 2, literally.
The only games they don't let me play are the ones with nudity and sex.
I'm stuck playing my God of War demo for PS2 since I can't get God of War due to the threesome.
Luckily, the GTA games never appealed to me.
I think you guys should talk more about Bimani since there's a lot of news coming up lately
and I'm a huge fan of DDR and every other music game ever created.
I think that you should go to the PTA meetings and tell parents they aren't doing their jobs.
That's what we talked about last week.
That's great.
That's great.
We said we were going to go march up on the PTA meetings and say, hey!
That's really interesting about the fact that the dad had to talk with him when he was really
young and that's good.
And you know what else is really good about that is that, you know, how would the parents
know that God of War has a threesome?
What's to stop this kid from going out and getting the game and just saying, oh, that
means the parents did their work exactly you know Blake tell your parents that
they are doing a fabulous job and they get the dark soccer seal of approval
there you go but I think Blake sounds mature enough where you can handle a
little oops they're just boobs come on pixel a boobs I mean come on they're
fake there's boobs but you know I do have I really really need to point out
this family as a prime example of doing it the right way and on top of that most
kids are smart enough that they know I think they know the difference between
what's real and what's not hopefully polygon representation of boobs they
aren't really fleshy boobs you have to wait a few years for that do you have
another email you want to read there sir I know I have one I have one I
definitely want to throw in here somebody sent an email Noah is the name
or N for short and was mentioning that I'm getting back into Final Fantasy 11
at some point and was inviting me to come play on the fairy server with them
I know because like I used to I used to make jokes about the ferry server on the three the three-hour show it has the
Server it has nothing to do with you a kind person who wrote this email
It's just it goes back to this whole live journal drama thing and RPG got it people who roleplay on
Final Fantasy 11 and just it was just and not that I'm sorry
I take that back not that there's anything wrong with role-playing on Final Fantasy 11
But people who take it a little bit too far so that is wrong
There's nothing wrong, as long as you know the difference between reality and Final Fantasy 11.
You know what, I would...
And this person says that they've been playing since the US PlayStation 2 release, and they're a level 22 slash 11 warrior monk.
And they got in there, and this person's inviting me because they don't seem to know a whole lot of people that actually play the game as well.
I totally appreciate the invite, that's great.
And I actually had a character on the Faria server for a little while because there's a large contingent on there that I like.
there that I like playing the games with and but I just it's not the same people
that were on Bismarck which is the server I was on and I've been smart crowd
was good I've gotten I've gotten invites for well of course there's Bismarck I've
gotten invites for fairy invites for cerebras and invites for Garuda so it's
tough it's tough when there's all these servers I really wish that found a
Squeenix at least would let you server hop it would be great so I really
appreciate the invite and but I if I go back to the game I'm gonna have to go
back to my family at Bismarck.
However, if you would like to come on over
to the Bismarck server with us,
that's assuming if I even get back into the game
in the first place.
I still haven't decided on that.
Send me an email, rob at orangelandrater.com
and I'll get you a world pass on to Bismarck.
And plus you can still add me to your play online list
and we can send messages back and forth
and talk about how the economy on our server suck.
So thank you for the invite.
I had installed play online.
I know you did.
All right, do you have any more?
PS opium.
No.
All right.
bag once again to go to go at orange
lounge radio.com if you have something
you want to say I almost always reply
the one and only dark side or she
forwards the email to me and I for them
drop yes I've ordered them to the
appropriate party I'm gonna reply to
this person as well because that was
nice to invite ya and I feel bad that I
have to say no but there's just too
damn many servers on file phase 11 low
keep writing us yeah I appreciate the
email Loki you um you have a story about
the DS and it's gonna get cheaper soon
right yep what's gonna be dropping by
$20 to $130, and they're saying around August 21st is when that's going to happen, and the
other thing is, well what's Sony going to do then?
They're thinking about, because I know the Playstation 2 is dropping down to $99 pretty
soon.
Nice.
And they're hoping that that's going to steal some of Xbox 360's thunder, right?
Yeah, I don't think so.
So yeah, that's going to be happening.
But um, hey, Cheaper DS, Nintendogs, that's not a bad combo.
Puppies!
I think they're kind of smart, I think they're really pushing this Nintendogs thing, I know
we have not shut up about this game on the show for several weeks, but there's a reason
for that guys, this game is, it's different.
It's the next Pokemon, next Pokemon, I tell ya.
I think so too.
And wait til the commercials come, wait til the commercials come, and the little puppies
come up on the screen and the little girls are, Daddy, Daddy, I want the game, I want
The Poppy Game! Poppy Game!
Basically what it is, is they're asking that folks do a short little test.
It's a simple survey and a download on Nintendo.com, okay?
And basically what happens is that it's gonna ask for
information on your Internet connection.
And all the download does is it just pings Nintendo's servers.
And to kind of entice you to do it,
it doubles as a Animal Crossing themed desktop clock.
So a little cute thing there.
That's cool.
Yeah, and basically what they're saying here on Nintendo's website,
by gathering information on which types of networking equipment our customers
are using
and how they have their home network set up, we'll be able to tailor the Nintendo
Wi-Fi connection
to be easy to use and available to the broadest audience possible.
Well that's awfully considerate of them. Yes. Also the FAQ also says by the end of 2005
Nintendo DS owners will be able to play
via Wi-Fi, Mario Kart DS, and Animal Crossing DS.
So if you want to help Nintendo out, you want to help those guys out, head on over to
Nintendo.com and download the Animal Crossing desktop.
I forgot to mention, coming in this fall when they do the price drop, they're going to be
offering a Nintendo DS package where you can get the DS Plus Metro Prime Hunters, not the
demo, Metro Prime Hunters for $150.
And what's, any more colors?
I'm surprised we haven't really heard any...
Uh, no, just that, what is it, blue and red, I think that was it.
Yeah.
We haven't really seen the red though.
I want the graphite one, because the graphite one's just cool.
I'm kinda surprised. I'm surprised that we're even getting excited about colors.
There'll be more colors, don't worry.
Where's the clear one? That's what I'm surprised about. All those first advanced,
the Game Boy Advance, remember the old one? They were like all clear. I don't know.
Anyway. I still have my pink one with my afterburner in it.
When about the micro? When's that coming out?
Eventually. I think by end of year, but I don't- Dumbest idea ever.
I don't think so. I think- I don't think it's a dumb idea, but I don't think it's
it's gonna do well for him.
But we'll see, we might get proven wrong.
All right, kids, you know what we gotta do now
at this point is that we need Dark Sakura
to give you guys a little piece of her mind
in the formative advice column,
because if we talked about video games
all the time on this show,
we would have no time to go around
and find out the dark lives of strippers.
And those of you guys that listen to the three hour show
know exactly what we're talking about.
The dark side is bleach.
And if you don't know what we're talking about,
you should start listening.
Sunday nights, 930 Pacific Standard Time.
Anyway, Dark Sakura, what are you gonna talk to us about
on this podcast?
Today's bit of advice is how to deal with a stalker.
This is dedicated to my stalker, BlairisKing on DDR Free.
Bravo.
Number one, firmly inform the stalker
that if the unwanted behavior persists,
you will take action.
threaten to contact authorities, or be a larger, stronger friend or relative. Be prepared to
do so. Do not give in to any threats and be ready to secure a restraining order or civil
protection order if it becomes necessary for your peace of mind.
2. Inform your family, friends, and co-workers of the situation.
3. Keep a paper trail. Save any relevant letters, notes, emails,
and voicemails. Maintain a log or diary of your stalker's actions and report any unlawful
behavior to the police immediately. Report phone calls to both the phone
company and the police. 4. Inform authorities. Do not let fear of
retribution stop you from taking action. Take legal action immediately. But my
final piece of advice... No means no? PISS OFF!
Scary! This story will come as no surprise to any of you but Capcom has
announced that they are officially doing Megaman Battle Network 6 I really don't
know well I really don't know what else to say about that I mean there's a lot
of folks there's a lot of folks that are cooler is that name I can't I don't know
but they are Capcom this is one reason I bring it up Capcom is saying the battle
network 6 will be the series climax possibly suggesting that it will be the
Good, and they can get back to making more Mega Man Legends games, because those games
rocked.
By the way, Legends is coming to the PSP.
I just want more Mega Man X.
I forgot about that.
I'm totally going to have to get that.
And I want it all 2D.
Also in the world of Captain Obvious Presents, Zelda will be made for the revolution.
I mean, come on, duh.
And in other news, there will be a Mario game for the revolution.
That's not official.
That's not official.
And there will probably be a Donkey Kong game.
That's not official.
Stop spreading rumors.
And Smash Brothers.
Stop spreading rumors.
This is the official.
Metroid will make its way to the revolution.
And another Banjo-Kazooie.
This is the official news, kids.
And this is mentioned in an interview with game designer EJ Anuma in Club Nintendo, the
company's official magazine in Latin America.
About Zelda on Revolution, Mr. Owada has assigned me with the task of doing a Zelda game for
the upcoming platform and that is our Duh News of the Week. Dark Sakura, what's
going on overseas for our friends in the UK? Well, first of all, Electronic Arts is
going to be bringing out everybody loves, oh sorry, we love Katamari. You were about
to say everybody loves Katamari. Well, I was thinking Mina Daisuke Katamari.
Because that's how I came to think of it.
Um, yeah, Electronic Arts is going to be publishing that.
I don't actually see anything about the first Katamari Damacy, though.
Didn't they finally get it, but, like, way later?
I think, yeah, way later.
But, um, at any rate, it's going to be put out by EA instead of Namco.
Um, which Namco is bringing out, um, our version next month.
Hooray!
Um, but now, this isn't...
EA typically does this for Namco.
There's a lot of their games that they have done overseas.
So this but this is just good news for our buddies in the UK that they will see this game sooner rather than later
Well, there's a funny little parody picture. This is we love katamari street
Hopefully that hopefully that won't be the game coming out in the UK
Hopefully I love though if ever you look on the Japanese cover, you know, and there's big scans of it online
You know, it's all the Namco employees out in front of it
But if you look in the windows reflected on the windows is the king of all cosmos taking the picture
Oh, that's cool. You know, I I didn't get a chance to say this since I wasn't here last week
But I hate the American box art. It's awful
I haven't seen it actually it's it's kind of hidden and that parody graphic. It's kind of hidden. It's awful
I hope it I hope it was just a mock-up done by some game company because I did not care for the box art at
All I've seen the box art. It's it looks like it was done in MS Paint
It's no the box are I think for the new one is the Japanese, but it's with us. Oh, I hope you're right
I think it is I could have sworn I've seen it, but I again. I hope you're right and I'm looking crack
This is just yeah, that could be true true as well. All right
Any more UK news dark soccer. I'm also the the game premiered on
the Yahoo UK and Ireland video games is The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe for
PS2. It's actually still in production but the review of it is just an awesome
review. I mean they are really singing its praises. One thing though that
I actually focused on in this that really appeals to me, you know, if you've
read The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe it has, you know, for being a
children's book, it has a very dark undertone to it and that's what they're
focusing on they're trying to bring that out yet get to the positive at the end
yes Loki you were telling me at some point that you had actually gotten to
play this game it's somehow briefly like briefly five minutes worth it looked
very interesting it reminded me very much of the Lord of the Rings game just
the way that was because it was kind of that isometric top-down type of thing
and it looked pretty good I mean it looked good I honestly don't remember
much of the lion witch in the wardrobe I read all the books like way back in
elementary school but that's all gone I just know there's a wardrobe involved
in a lion and a witch and that's about it well duh all right should be
interesting also the one that I was really big into is you know that e3 was
called the official site is up call of kulu.com coming out September I was
to say, isn't that game coming out very soon? I saw it on the calendar.
Yeah, pretty soon. And, uh, but if for any, because I know I've been gushing about the
game, but you can, uh, go to callofcathulu.com to check out the official art, uh, background
on the Cthulhu myth, uh, you know, myth, the, there's downloads on there. It's a great site.
Awesome. Anything else?
Um, one last thing.
Sure.
Um, not necessarily specifically related to you, eh, to the UK, but, um, Koay, who was
pull out one of my favorite games ever, K.O. Yogekutai, K.O. Flying Squadron, back on the
Sega CD.
And I remember them for Romance in Three Kingdoms, Nobunaga's Ambition, that's it.
They were at Tokyo Game Show and announced their lineup.
To quote my source, let's just say, we hope you like Dynasty Warriors.
Coming out, we have Dynasty Warriors 5 Special, working title for the Xbox 360, coming to
Japan this winter.
We have Dynasty Warriors 5 Extreme Legends on PS2, September 15th in Japan, Dynasty Warriors
DS, without a release date yet.
Outside of Dynasty Warriors we also have Nioh Summer 2006, Win Back 2, Project Poseidon,
Romance of the Three Kingdoms for the DS, which will be September 2005, and then also
for the Japan only releases, there's Uncharted Waters Online for PC and Nobunaga's Ambition
online here you know show so they're bringing out a couple of them as you
were five for the PlayStation 2 is coming out in September Wow all right
us all right Loki um I know you've got a story about halo 3 yes halo 3 there's
been some rumors coming out of the bungee employee area there they've
basically said it's gonna be more darker and grittier than the previous games
games, they want to actually have an online cooperative part of the game, which would
be fighting bots, which is really interesting, and that's part of the story line, which is
really cool.
A lot more cinematics, would, you know, that'd be cool.
Oh god, the first one was practically a movie as it was.
Multiplayer mode...
Sorry, not the first one.
The second one.
The first one I really played a whole lot, yes.
They're gonna have multiplayer mode with up to 50 players online, which, that's been done
already because the last game that came out, Delta Force Live Black Hawk Down, up to 50
players online.
I've seen some on PC that are like 100, so that's not too big a deal, but I'm not surprised
that they're going up to 50 players because the big team battle games that are the 16
players are really popular, so I'm not surprised they're going to take it a step further.
This was a bit interesting.
They're attempting to implement both a map editor and a movie maker, Sons Red vs. Blue.
Wow.
That reeks of fan-planted rumor to me.
I hope it's true.
That would be pretty funny.
You never know.
I mean, it could be, they've gotten good re- I mean, hello, Red vs. Blue is practically
disposed of.
Yeah, but Red vs. Blue.
And we still have the strangerhood.
Red vs. Blue should stay Red vs. Blue.
But I don't think it's, I don't think it, I think it's more of like, kind of, they do
some really cool combat footage or whatever, anyways.
Super thingy.
They were also going to say that Zanzibar Sidewinder and Hang'em High are set to return
in multiplayer mode, completely reworked, Zanzibar will be mangled and torn apart as
though after a battle, the sky will be dark and red, Seinwender is going to have four
legs instead of just the two with bases at each end, and Hang'em High will have a massive
tree at its center and the structure will be deteriorated.
They do some pretty interesting things when they make the maps return from the old games.
That's cool.
I like that.
Yeah.
Alright.
I'm going to go ahead and do another story here about Midway and some of the games that
they have coming up here.
They, you remember they were partnering up with MTV Games?
Well, they really haven't said anything new on this,
just the LA Rush partnership,
but they are saying that a second game
will hit in early 2006.
Also, what I thought was interesting
is they are actually creating a game
based on the show from Adult Swim,
Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
Oh, God.
And that will be coming out in early 2006 as well.
That's gonna be nuts.
Mortal Kombat will be coming out on the PSP,
called Mortal Kombat Deception Unchained.
It's supposed to ship in the first half of 2006.
It'll have some new characters and content, including some of what was seen on the GameCube
version of Deception, like Goro, Shao Kahn actually being playable characters.
Also Wi-Fi support, more information to come soon.
And also Spy Hunter, they are working on something but they won't say a whole lot.
Oh, I guess I should also say this one, Unreal Tournament 2007.
early look given at E3, but the next entry in the shooter franchise, they are working
very hard to make it a game with as long as its shelf life as its predecessors.
Not a whole lot of information on Unreal Tournament outside of that.
I still need a couple of quests on PSP.
Still waiting.
Loki, you've got a homebrew story?
Just real fun stuff.
Someone made this cool little Mario game.
It's basically combining the elements of the Super Nintendo version and some of the
3d ones it's called Mario was it Mario world blue Twilight DX you can find it
at www.mario ween as in Halloween dot TK because it's actually Halloween themed
they've actually got boss battles looks interesting go try it out it's free have
fun just a matter of time before that poor guy gets a cease and desist by the
way yeah and we'll have that follow up in a future podcast PlayStation 3 as you
guys may or may not know they're gonna go blu-ray. What's interesting is that
they are really kind of enforcing that it's not gonna be easy to copy. I mean of
course not only you know blu-ray piracy is gonna be years off as it is but they
Sony is working with a blu-ray disc association to prepare the most
comprehensive content management system ever employed on an optical disc format.
Hmm supposedly it's gonna happen through a system called blu-rays advanced access
content system and also a ROM mark and this is made to guard against mass
production piracy or duplication and unauthorized copies.
Hmm, Loki, what do you think? Will it work?
Yeah, you know, I remember another story saying that the UMDs would never be
cracked and could not be copied because it could not be read by a PC.
Oh, oh, no, wait, they're wrong there. Let me put it this way, if it can be read by
something it could be copied.
that's bottom line it will be done no matter what the hell they do they could
it will not work and basically this is really just gonna prevent people and
tell
you can copy a full blu-ray just like you can copy a DVD
brand yeah it's gonna be harder but anything about the giga desk but you
know you can actually buy GD roms
well that's that
and lastly tonight GamePro magazine teamed up with mad magazine to present
the 10 worst things about video games you can check out
a preview the 10 actually I'm sorry the article is about the 50 worst things
the article online is the 10 and you can check it out over on GamePro.com they
have this
just a couple of these points see if you guys here in studio agree with them
one game designers who cannot understand
why more women don't play video games especially since they feature such
outstanding female role models as a globe-trotting archaeologist with big
boobs
World-class volleyball champions with big boobs and of course easily murdered hookers with big boobs
And then of course they have the picture as drawn by mad magazine to go with that
ho-ho and ho
Console manufacturers selling systems without basic essentials like memory cards or a second controller
So you have to shell out another 60 bucks before you can?
Play as the article says see so much a hair as see so much as a hair on Luigi's mustache
but yeah that kind of bothers me too they say oh the console is coming out
it's only gonna be $300 I love that by the way you have to buy a memory card in
a console so this stuff lastly oh this will this will make Jamie upset so I
have to read this one Sega's long pathetic parade of short-lived console
systems from the Sega CD to the 32x to the Saturn to the Dreamcast establishing
a legacy of failure on its way to rivaling that of the Chicago Cubs.
You know, the systems only failed because people didn't appreciate them, and you know,
and Sega, I have to say, had really stupid marketing.
They had good systems, good solid systems, but they weren't given the support that they
needed.
You know, the Saturn, the Saturn in Japan, brilliant system.
I mean, just has so many great games, would regularly hold it's own neck and neck with the, with the Playstation.
But over here, did we get a lot of the cool crap?
No.
The last good game we got was Burning Rangers.
And it was actually, if I'm correct, the last game that was on the Saturn over here.
Which I luckily enough have, now have a US copy of.
Still love Mad Magazine.
Thanks to Classic Gaming Expo.
Still love Mad Magazine after that little tidbit.
don't make me break out like you know the the broken neck voice if you guys
want you can check out the list over on game pro.com or you just pick up the
magazine when it comes out soon yeah yep that's gonna do it for another episode
of orange lounge radio to go thanks you guys so much for tuning in and listening
to us and again can't say thank you enough for the podcast award which by
the way are we gonna go to the expo to pick up that award in person somebody's
gonna have to go I don't know we'll see it's on a weekend right I think so I'll
check down we'll get we'll get in the car go to Ontario it'll be fun it'll be
like the life 365 Awards but times like four times the distance how anyway
thanks right and thanks to our buddies at Apple who put us on the iTunes
directory to what it's a it's on Saturday right I think so I don't know
I'll look up the details you can drive down there two or three day con we could
do it. We could do it if we really wanted to. We'll see. Anyway, final thoughts, Loki.
Burnout 3 is awesome, but you know they can really get rid of the announcer or have it
so you can bypass the training videos that take up five minutes of my time. My final
thought is, shake a body, shake a body, shake a body, down to the ground. DarkSakura, your
final thought. I normally say I reject false icons at this point, but I'm just going to
to say that I'm looking forward to the day that Jack Thompson is laughed out of
court you stupid fucker and on that note have a great day that's the end of
another orange lounge radio to-go edition this podcast is a proud part of
www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
