Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition week of August 22nd, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello everybody, welcome once again to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
that podcast dedicated to video games
that don't suck. My name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Sky
joining us via Skype tonight and I know that we say we usually don't do the
co-host over Skype
but you know we can't help cases of sickness or injury and that's what the
one and only
DarkSakura is facing tonight. Hello DarkSakura on the Skype
tonight. What's going on? What happened? Are you okay?
Well I was covering Classic Gaming Expo for us
today and I guess it was a combination of walking around and
you know the driving and then just sitting still practically with my leg
extended
but my hip flared up really bad so I'm sorta hyped up on Vicodin tonight
alright so we can't have her driving over to the studio when she's on Vicodin
so
but you you gotta tell us a little bit about Classic Gaming Expo tonight?
it was about the same as it was last year they had more games that actually
worked
had my picture taken by a millipede that'll
to be somewhere on our site eventually.
Got to meet some pretty cool people, including the guys who do retro gaming radio.
They're pretty cool.
And got to just see all kinds of stuff.
I bought Famicon games today.
Oh, very cool.
Like the original Japanese Nintendo.
I bought Final Fantasy II.
Cool.
And I got Final Fantasy V for Super Famicon.
I got Mappyland for Famicon.
some PC Engine Q-Cards. We actually got a PC Engine in Core Graphics today. Just some
other little bits and pieces that I'll have pictures of shortly.
Alright, sounds good. How did you think this year's Classic Gaming Expo compared to previous
years that you've been to?
It was really, it was empty. Then again, we did go on second day toward the end, but there
was just an emptiness, I felt, to it, which is probably a good idea they're taking next
year off because I'm hoping the one in 2007 is going to be fantastic.
It's supposed to be their anniversary, their, I think, 10th anniversary.
Very cool.
So I'm hoping it's big and maybe, you know, maybe if it works out we can get in on that.
Yeah, I definitely want to check it out when it comes back and they always have a really
good show at E3 as well.
I like the concept of Classic Gaming Expo.
Hopefully a year off we'll just recharge them a little bit and they'll be good to go in
in 2007, so I'm looking forward to that, definitely.
Well 8-Bit Weapon was back. Oh, how were they?
They were awesome as always, and another guy was there
as part of the convention playing music on a keyboard.
Pretty cool stuff. Because sometimes, now I remember the Classic Gaming Expo when I
went last year, they were actually showing
Gradius 5. Konami had a booth there showing Gradius 5.
Midway had a booth showing their
Treasures 2 collection which was new last year. Was there any new
type games they were showing off at the Classic Gaming Expo? Retro?
Not really. Not really? Not a whole lot? Actually, there
there were people who were doing, you know, new prototypes
but nothing, you know, there was the television people were there again.
Right. There was a guy, he said it's actually someone in Brazil makes these, but they
take the MSX games, like the
Metal Gear and the original Metal Gear 2 were on MSX, as was the
the Guardian Legend, it was called Guardia, they were all MSX games and they have them
remade to play on the Colecovision.
That was neat, but there wasn't anything really new there, nothing like what Guardia 5 was
last year.
Alright, well we'll look forward to more reports on Classic Gaming Expo on our website, www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura's picture collection will be posted sometime during the week, so we look forward
Now, I haven't forgotten, four minutes into the show, but I haven't forgotten the one
and only Tech Masa Loki over there in studio tonight.
I wasn't even paying attention, I was reading.
What are you, not a classic gaming fan?
What's up with that?
No, I'm a classic gaming fan.
I was kind of zoned out there because I was looking up stuff for the show.
I was researching.
Well, since I let Dark Sakura do a little report there, why don't you give us one of
your stories you're looking at tonight from the hack and crack scene.
My report, I was just kind of browsing stuff. One of them is a mod for Half-Life 2 called Half-Life 2 Fueled.
And because Half-Life 2 is famous for its ragdoll physics and playing with the ragdoll physics.
They have some really kickass shots from this.
Just like, you know, for example, tons of cars just all strewn about the place.
It looks like it's going to be pretty cool. They've got some ramps in this little demo thing here.
thing here. You can find out more about it on www.fueledmod.com and they've got some
interesting stuff on there. So, yeah, cool.
Alright. Alright, well now what I want to do is I want to go ahead and start off tonight's
show, even though we had a couple stories there, to start off tonight's show talking
about what we like to always start off the show talking about, what games have we, the
host, been playing this week. DarkSakura, what have you been playing this week in your
game and world?
Well, seeing as how I started school this week, I haven't had a whole bunch of time
and I actually am going to be signing back up for Ragnarok Online again.
It's funny you should talk about signing up for old MMOs.
You're not signing back up for Final Fantasy XI, are you?
I wouldn't say I'm not going to.
Anyway.
I'm going to give Ragnarok a try for a month to see if I really miss it as badly as I think
I do that's my philosophy on Final Fantasy as well
But they have like a pay seven dollars and for 30 hours a gameplay, so I'm gonna give that a go okay
Sounds good this for a month. I did I
hunted down the vet tracks and
Then I remembered why I don't play the vet tracks because it kind of gave me a headache
But the vet tracks was just a cool idea really
well true
I also
I tried out a couple of HuCards at Classic Gaming Expo today.
Actually, I also watched Dan try out some of the ones that we bought. We got
Sanson 2. That game is cool.
Wow, I don't think I've heard of that.
Oh yeah, okay, I have heard of that, but that's a, wow, that's an obscure game.
Yeah, pretty obscure. A lot of stuff at Classic Gaming I suppose is obscure.
We also got Legend of the Valkyrie, which is one of
uh, Namco's classic games. Very cool. But not a lot of other current games you've been
playing this week? Just the old stuff?
Just the old stuff. You know, I had to get my retro gaming back on.
Nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong with that. Uh, Loki, what games have you been playing this week?
Um, I've been playing pretty much the same stuff I was playing last week. I played
a teeny bit of Darkwatch, because it came out this week.
Um, it's really cool, but I haven't really gotten to play much of it.
Burnout 3 like crazy been playing that every second that I could possibly play it. It's really fun
I've just haven't played much of the tracks, but I did do
54 takedowns in one race that was fun and
Then I was playing also on the PSP Taiko no Tatujin
So so taiko drum master here in the u.s.. Yes, that's got to be weird on the PSP though
I mean it works really good actually yeah
I kind of looked over your shoulder while you were playing it and it looks really crisp
and it's just like the PlayStation 2 version right on your little PSP.
Yeah, it's really good and it's pretty fun.
I just wish it was in English so I'd be able to understand what menus were and stuff because
it's a pain in the ass.
But someone did make some on Game Facts, I think, English translations of the menus so
that helps.
That's always helpful.
Yeah.
Those Game Facts people are always very helpful.
It is, but you know what they could help me out with?
Cheats for freaking burnout three because I gotta play through these races and I'm not liking that I need I need my fast cars now
Alright, um, I my gaming week. Is that all you've had? I'm sad
It's all I have right my gaming week has consisted of my well. I was sick this week. Actually Jamie has
Unfortunately her hip but I've been sick. I had a sinus infection earlier this week
So if I sound my voice is a little more nasal than it even usually is it's because I've been sick
so that kind of kept me down for a little bit but I was I did finally go
out on Saturday and buy a an American PlayStation 2 I've had a Japanese one for
years to get my music gaming fix out of the way and but since I was living with
Loki for such a long time he had an American PlayStation 2 I didn't have a
need for my own so I finally went and bought one on Saturday I bought one of
the little chibi miniature ones it's I really hadn't seen one because everybody
else I know got their PlayStation 2s like years ago, so they're huge, so I hadn't really
seen the tiny ones up close. Damn, those are tiny PlayStations! Dang, they are so small,
I was shocked. But it's great, it works out great for my storage space and everything.
So I picked up two games, I picked up Final Fantasy X, because I had the urge to play
through that again, and Katamari Damacy, because I just freaking love that game. And I'm gonna
pick up other... What? I could have just loaned you mine indefinitely, since I have Final
Final Fantasy X International.
Ah!
Now I know.
Oh well.
It's only 20 bucks.
I'm throwing it half the hassle.
You're getting a little quiet there, Jamie.
Okay.
Sorry, my headset moved back.
Oh, that's alright.
I'm throwing it half the hassle.
Alright.
Um, anyway, um, also, um, I bought the Playstation 2 so that I could, you know, screen new games
if we start getting any screeners, um, I should say additional screeners from like, you know,
media companies and stuff.
I do have demos at work.
I haven't brought them in though.
So we'll start taking a look at those, and as well as just renting some games and checking
things out so I can keep a tab on what's going on.
Also other than the Playstation 2, as Dark Sakura made me admit a little bit ago, I also
renewed Final Fantasy XI because I was sick and home from work and really bored, and I
thought, you know, I kind of miss this game.
No, not just that, Dark Sakura, wait until you hear this.
Not only did I get back into Final Fantasy XI, I got my roommate, Christopher, into Final
People are cultists!
I escaped!
I escaped!
You sure did, but you're in Ragnarok, which is, you know, some people would say just as
bad.
Hey, I've been in Ragnarok for like, what, five years?
Six years?
Yeah, well.
You're still getting quiet there.
My addiction is stronger than your addiction.
You're a little quiet there, DarkSogra.
My addiction is stronger than your addiction.
My addiction is mighty, and to be feared.
We'll see about that.
Alright, let's get into this week's news, starting off with, of course, the big thing
everybody is talking about this week, Zelda Twilight Princess got the big old delay to
Spring 2006, and of course, the question heard around the world, what the hell, Nintendo?
What the hell?
You had this game ready to show us at E3, and we thought you were all ready to go in
the fall but now they're saying no we need more time we're announcing a new
global launch in 2006 after the conclusion of the fiscal year so no
earlier than April 1st will provide a specific date at a later point in time
while this may come as a disappointment it will absolutely enrich the game and
make it a multi-million seller I don't know about that because I've been that
anyways I know but there's what yeah hopefully it's released
around your birthday, but the reason why they say they're doing this is because they're
adding extra things to it, who knows, the game could be buggy as hell, who really knows
why this game got pushed back, but what they're saying is that they're trying to add new things
to it, which I suppose is good news, but at the same time, it's not like there's been
a flood of GameCube games lately, they really should have been working on this double time
a while ago.
What we've got is a bunch of game testers going, BUT I HAVEN'T BEATEN IT YET, DELAY!
you know because by that point the PlayStation 3 will be out almost
maybe maybe not Xbox 360 will be out will be
hopefully having more details on Nintendo's revolution so it'll be like
you know Zelda Twilight Princess was kinda as amazing of a game as it looked
I it's it's almost a little late for this game to be coming out
so I'm a little disappointed. I just say when it comes out it needs to be something freakin' fantastic
but a good game is a good game right? Yes a game
is only as good as how it plays. That's true. Loki, your thoughts?
Um, yay. You know, they give me a reason to dust off my GameCube, but
oh well. Um, I was gonna mention also
another delay that pisses the hell out of me. Final Fantasy
Advent Children's not coming out until the end of November, November 30th.
Not many places have actually, no one's really said anything about this delay, but
I have the inside info
being that I work for a video distributor, so. Mmm. So it,
that's straight from Sony folks well okay
guys gotta hate it but I hope I hope I'm wrong
and I hope that that that you know date is just pull out thin air and so he is
another talk about but
I'm afraid strip you know speaking of Advent Children you know how they're
gonna be doing those screenings in Japan
well the only way you're gonna be able to get into the screenings in Japan
which by the way is only taking place in three major cities across Japan
on you're gonna have to be a member of their fan club now I have obviously
the majority of our listening audiences in the United States, Canada
and some in Europe so probably not a whole lot of Japanese listeners we've
got but
if you are listening to us and you're interested in going you need to be
registered with the Shinra Company online fan club
and I'm guessing if you're not already signed up you might have lost out because I don't
think they're accepting new club members anymore
so they will randomly select people if they get too many people that want to
get in
it's going to be happening September 10th through the 16th
in Tokyo, Nagoya, and Kyoto will be the three cities that will be showing
Final Fantasy Advent Children on the big screen.
Otherwise you're gonna have to wait for the UMD and DVD formats
here in America as well. One other story, I know the big news this week, the game
we're all excited about is Nintendogs is coming out this week.
I'm very excited about this. Here's the interesting thing about Nintendogs,
they're actually going to be getting a special holiday edition well okay it's
kind of a rumor right now but Nintendo of America did file some some papers
with the ESRB that indicate something called Nintendogs holiday edition and we
all know how Nintendo loves to get you to buy the same crap in new packaging
over and over again so this really wouldn't be a surprise if this is
something they are actually doing Nintendogs holiday edition what do you
Are they being premature with this though, since the game hasn't even come out here?
It could be a massive failure here, I doubt it will be, but it could be.
No, it's not going to be a failure, and it's coming out right after my wedding, you know.
Is that a hint? You're already going to get it. We don't have to buy it for your wedding, you're already going to have it.
Of course. No, I honestly see the game being a big success, because if there's one thing Nintendo understands, it's a formula.
a formula. You know, we have Pokemon as our big example. They know what's going to appeal,
and there's already been so much hype from the Japanese version, it's already so widely
popular, that, you know, I don't see any way for the game to fail.
Well, we'll see. We'll see this week when the game comes out. Alright, moving on, I
did want to say one other thing about Nintendo, and that is the Game Boy Micro. The Game Boy
the game boy micro are going to come for $99.99
now for those of you who weren't sleeping during E3 coverage
it's like the game boy advance but really freaking tiny
like a palm of your hand tiny
its a little bigger then the game boy advance cartridges
if you go look on our E3 pictures
they have a pretty close up image of one
they do we do have that in the gallery
four inches wide this thing is it's it's tiny
uh... ninety nine ninety nine it'll be coming out
uh... september nineteenth is the day this is coming out also face plates the
face plate changing is a big thing they're doing with this so you can have
uh... a gameboy micro that like matches your purse or something i don't know
flame camouflage or just simple silver
well that's one of them
if you buy the silver you get those if you buy black you get uh... some
stupid flower
Oh, Ladybug. Okay, I see.
With the Ladybug. I see where these others come in, okay.
And Ammonite for Dark Swirly Blue.
And also, yeah, they come with the silver or black faceplate, depending on whether yours is silver or black.
Okay. Japanese release will be September 13th, and it will be coming out for 12,000 yen.
That's about $109, so it's a little more expensive in Japan.
But get this, for our European friends, we're paying $99, they're paying 99 euro,
and the euros worth a little more so that's a hundred and twenty one dollars
u s november fourth but they get paid too bad
yes but they get pink
not that you know
yeah i know
we're gonna take a minute to uh... open up the old mailbag here at orange lounge
radio remember you guys can send in your questions
for orange lounge radio at our address it's to go
t o g o
at orange lounge radio
dot com
So we have a couple of letters this week, the first letter I'd like to read comes from
Sithspawn is the name of the person, actually it's Brian from Michigan is how they signed
it, so that must be his online name.
Brian from Michigan says he knows he's beating a dead horse here a little bit but he wants
to make the following point, I don't have any kids and I don't ever want them, however
I do have a few words concerning video game violence and ratings.
The main problem originates with the many groups pushing for stricter ratings and or
the banning of certain games.
Attempting to completely block games from kids at the point of sale level is a massive
waste of effort.
Much like drugs and alcohol, you will never keep games away from someone who actively
seeks them out.
Kids will play games at their friends' houses, at stores, or acquire them from others.
There is nothing parents can do to stop this.
I think we have good point of sale controls now and that's enough.
Brian from Michigan is suggesting there are two simple steps to deal with this problem.
1.
Know your games.
As a parent, you need to know about the ratings and actually play these games.
Also, take the ratings with a grain of salt.
The opinions of the ESRB aren't necessarily your own.
2.
Instruct your child.
The only way to prevent your kid from playing the games you do not want them to play is
to ensure that they do not want to play them.
It's exactly the same as saying no to drugs.
It's all about the child making decisions based on input from the parents.
Give your kid the tools he or she needs to make educated decisions when you are not around.
Very interesting.
I like his steps there that he offers there.
A very educated response from our friend, Sith Spawn.
I was very impressed with that letter.
Yes, it was very nice.
We also have another letter here.
This letter is from another Jamie.
It actually could be Jaime, but we think it's Jamie.
Jamie's been listening to the show for two months now and says it's really interesting.
Thank you.
you guys won the podcast award, partially because of my vote.
Thank you again.
Very kind.
I know exactly what you mean about the misspelling of your name in talking to our own Jamie here.
I have the exact same problem, but in reverse.
This person spells their name J-A-I-M-E.
So very interesting.
We were talking about Evercrack's economy.
Well, Jamie actually sent us a link to an article about the economy, and it's a really
good link to a story that has more information on the economy.
It's http colon slash slash mu dot ranter r-a-n-t-e-r dot net slash theory slash economy
dot html.
And actually what this is, this is kind of like an opinion piece about the economy inside
video games.
It's a really well written piece.
So if you guys have some time, check that out.
That's very cool.
Also, Jamie wanted to point out a website called Stop Stop Kill dot com.
Jamie, did you have a chance to check out Stop Stop Kill dot com?
Ashley, this is one I knew about and it's, at the time it was more of a placeholder but
it actually is, looks like it's gone full active.
It's about the truth about violence in video games.
Is someone else, you know, trying to get the word out there?
Basically there, any type of research that's being done in regards to video games, they're
putting this up on their site and then, you know, also putting out, trying to give the
whole broad spectrum you know but also trying to say hey this is where you are
wrong hmm it's a pretty awesome site so far I'm pretty impressed with it it also
there's a forum on here it says gamers against Jack forum interesting Jack
Thompson and also it links back to Jack Thompson site stop kill calm which is
basically talking is basically more of
Jack Thompson talking out of his ass
well it's true the man's the man I hate
to say well I'm not I don't really hate
to say it but he's freaking idiot hmm
Jack Thompson if you're listening
you're a moron thank you for that he'll
appreciate that and you can sue me for
calling you a moron because that's my
personal opinion and not a personal
attack all right anyway anyway moving on
yeah moving forward but this site is
pretty cool and we know we need more
stuff like this, I'm actually going to, as soon as I get an opportunity to send this
guy a link to that article I found on Game Revolution, with the information provided
from the FBI and Department of Justice showing the crime rate in youth going down since the
release of the PS1.
I think they need my benefit from that.
Alright.
Now, it's funny that we got an email from somebody named Jamie, because we also got
an email from somebody named Rob.
And I'm actually going to start with Rob's P.S. because he said kind of a nice thing
here and I just want to repeat it.
Rob said something about, sorry for delaying a podcast and listeners inquiring what went
on.
I appreciate your contribution to the video game media.
Since it's free, I don't think I have any right to demand it.
People should be more gracious.
Well, that's really nice, Rob.
We try our best.
You're right.
We don't get paid for this or anything.
We just do this because we're bored.
But no, we love games, so we do this because we can and we're glad that at least
you know we're glad that just one person out there's listening let alone you know
hundreds and hundreds of folks even now I think it is thousands of folks
listening so it's just great thank you guys so much
We really dig all of our listeners. We do it's awesome
also he actually had a response to an article
about virtual ethics which I thought was very interesting
DarkSakura did you have any reports on like
ethics going on like the mugging that's going on in games or anything?
Well, just to give sort of a bit of the paraphrasing from this one article that he linked me to,
a man was arrested in Japan on suspicion of carrying out a virtual mugging spree by using
software bots to beat up and rob characters in the online game Lineage 2.
I got to try that at E3 a couple of years ago.
Hmm.
That's what you do in that game.
The stolen possessions, the virtual items, were exchanged for cash.
It was a Chinese exchange student that was arrested for this in Kagawa.
Several players had their characters beaten and robbed of valuable virtual objects, the
name's items called Earring of Wisdom and Shield of Nightmare, I guess they're pretty
big things in Lineage, but the items were fenced off through a Japanese auction website,
according to NCSoft, that's the company that makes Lineage 2, and he did it by using a
software bot, so it couldn't be beaten.
Interesting, so there's always a way around this.
Well, I want to read Rob's response to this.
If you feel your character and stuff are worth paying blackmail, you seriously need a real
life.
Who knows, maybe the virtual mugging sent the victim home from the internet cafe early
to inadvertently save the lives of himself and or his neglected offspring.
Blackmail in real life is a serious crime.
Virtual ethics had nothing to do with the perps arrest.
One should seriously check themselves when they say virtual ethics.
It literally means ethics that aren't real.
Therefore, in the realm of actually having a real life, virtual ethics are inconsequential.
Thank you.
I finally got it there at the end.
So, very interesting.
Alright, that's going to do it for the mailbag, unless you have anything extra over there,
DarkSakura.
I think that was it, yes, for this week?
I just, in regards to the virtual ethics thing, sad.
for society. Actually, I did have another email actually that was linked to me.
Sure.
I'll just go ahead. It was an article that was within it. Unfortunately, I couldn't find
the original one, but it's a little brief one. Going back to the game addiction business,
a 28-year-old South Korean man died of exhaustion in an internet cafe after playing computer
games non-stop for 49 hours.
They only got his last name, Lee.
He was a resident in the southern city of, I guess it's pronounced Ty-goo.
He collapsed Friday after eating minimally and not sleeping, refusing to leave his keyboard
while he played the battle simulation game, Starcraft.
He was moved to a hospital but died a few hours later due to what the doctors are presuming
was a heart attack.
I swear I've heard this story before.
Maybe not this exact same person, but I swear I've heard this exact same setup, internet
cafe, person there playing their game too damn much, and dying from it.
I swear I've heard this before.
It happened a couple weeks ago.
Somebody didn't get the hint the last time, apparently.
Well actually, when I got the link on this, it was earlier within the week, and the time
says five hours ago.
Interesting.
So it was fairly recent.
They also said that he'd been fired from his job because he kept missing work to play computer
games.
Wow.
So that's like, instead of drinking, he gamed.
Yeah, and you know, if you look at it this way, for the people who are those hardcore addicts to booze,
they're trying to escape from something that's gone wrong in their life.
These people are using games in return to escape from the bad that's gone on in their life.
How would an internet cafe allow you to be there for 48 hours straight?
I mean, I know there's 24-hour cafes and everything, but isn't that an ethical business in the
first place?
I realize we're talking about another country, but I know they're making money, but at some
point, don't you have to draw the line?
You've got to sleep at some point.
Hold on.
When you go to a bar and the bartender sees that you've had one too many drinks, the bartender
has a, I don't know if it's legal, I'm almost positive it is, but they have an ethical point
to say, you know what, buddy, I can't serve you any more drinks.
You're too drunk.
I mean, one thing I need to point out that they've mentioned repeatedly in my business
law class, ethics will change from country to country.
And I, okay, I understand that.
We're talking about another country here, we're not talking about the US, but still,
I mean, I don't care where in the world you are, why didn't somebody stop this guy?
This man was ultimately responsible for himself.
I understand that.
By all rights, they did not have, it's not their place to tell him how to live his life
basically.
But he was a paying customer if he chooses to pay with his life for that it really isn't there
I mean, I made this may sound cold, but really isn't there concern. I understand that point
I it is ultimately his fault
but why didn't anybody his friend a loved one who noticed he was missing for 48 hours a
Worker at the place who must have seen this going on nobody intervened and that's like not good Samaritan
I know nobody should let anybody play Starcraft for that long. Anyway, I
Saw that coming. I do
Caught up in whatever your addiction is to the point you start, you know cutting out your friends your family
You know, people are, you know, humans are humans, they're eventually going to give up.
And ultimately, he paid for his price and I'm thinking about turning him over to the
Darwin Awards.
Seriously.
Well, let us know what happens with that.
You know, and I say the same thing about MMOs, like, you know, if you guys are out there
and you're canceling your social life to stay in and play an MMO, you seriously got to question
your priorities.
Seriously.
once in a great while it might be okay because you know you're not feeling up
to it or whatever but if you notice yourself you're doing it repeatedly over
and over again you're not going out and having a real life because you're
staying in and playing video games of any nature really not just MMOs you got
to get outdoors once in a while that's why we do our advice column which I
guess is a good segue into that port portion of the show right really I
I stayed out of school for a week to play Final Fantasy III, which was VI.
But you didn't do that all the time, right?
No, and I actually did legitimately develop the flu within that week.
Oh, okay. Well, see, it's still a little extreme.
I still might kind of raise my eyebrow at that and go,
Jamie, you know, but...
There's also the point that I was in high school.
Right.
I'm an adult now. That man was an adult.
Right.
There was no excuse.
Yeah, and it's not like you do this every time a new game comes out, you know.
Oh, hell no.
I was an addict of Final Fantasy III in the US as well.
I just bounce uncontrollably at work until I get to go home and play it.
Right.
Alright, let's get to tonight's advice column.
Because, you know, if we just played video games all day long, we'd have no time to live.
So DarkSakura is here to give us her advice column.
DarkSakura, what is your advice about TONIGHT?
Today's bit of advice is how to survive if you are in the line of fire if you are the primary target.
You know, that means like, everyone else is wearing camo, you're wearing white.
Number one, get as far away as possible, AKA run like hell.
An untrained shooter is not likely to be accurate at any distance greater than 60 feet.
2. Run fast, but do not move in a straight line. Weave back and forth. The average shooter will not have the training necessary to hit a moving target at any real distance.
3. Turn a corner if possible. Well, duh.
4. Do not bother to count shots. You will have no idea the shooter has more ammunition. Counting is only for the movies.
My final bit of advice. Yes
I think that's my favorite final piece of advice you've ever given on this program. Yes. Nice. Thank you. You getting shot at
freaking shoot back
Nice real nice
Loki what else you get
I'm so angry that they would make a mistake!
Now go away before I taunt you a second time.
Loki, what's going on in the hacking crack scene?
Oh, there's tons of stuff.
First off, there was a nice cel-shading demo that was released,
kind of showing what homebrew stuff can do right now, which is kind of neat.
And then also on top of that, looks like SanDisk was announcing that they're going to be releasing.
2GB memory stick here pretty soon. So that's always good, especially for those people that
are pirating stuff. Very cool. And also, which was really neat, someone made a game called
NORT, which is a Tron light cycle racing game, you know, all those out there. And also, it
was a good week if you are a music composer and you use a PSP because there's quite a
few homebrew programs that were made. The first one being TI-MIDI. It's a MIDI playing program that's on the PSP, which was kind of interesting. There was a rhythm composer program being made, a PSP rhythm composer, and that's kind of like a drum machine type thing, which is interesting.
Also, there was a program that was released called PSP-Tune, which helps you tune your guitar.
So, very interesting stuff.
On the DS end of things, there was also an update done to the Coleco Vision emulator, which is called Coleco DS, appropriately.
and version 0.2 is released and they've got some interesting screenshots on
ndsupdates.com
so go check those out if you have some time. And that's all I've got so far.
Alright, sounds good. You know it's funny you mention a lot of those music things
going on because there's some big
news this week for fans of music-based video games is of course we are here at
Orange Launch Radio. It's kinda how we got our start
and what our three-hour program on Sunday nights is all about live on
OrangeLaunchRadio.com
some big news this week in regards to Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2
some early songs getting leaked
or I shouldn't say getting leaked but the information is now out
about a lot of the licensed songs it looks like we'll be looking at in the brand
new DDR Xtreme 2 for PlayStation 2
a lot of crossovers from Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme in the arcades
including La Copa Da Vida from
Patrick Victorio that's a cover of the original Ricky Martin one
Look At Us, the Daddy DJ remix by Serena Paris, and Cartoon Heroes from Barbie Young.
Even some old songs, Boom Boom Dollar, KOGG3 mix from King Kong and D Jungle Girls,
Captain Jack, Grondale remix from Captain Jack, and Butterfly, the Upswing mix from Smile DK.
Of course, some classic DDR songs being mixed in there with some contemporary hits from North America,
including Spin Spin Sugar by The Sneaker Pimps,
Silence by Delirium with Sarah McLachlan.
Also, we have Block Rockin' Beats by the Chemical Brothers
and As the Rush Comes from Motorcycle. And that's just a short list.
Oh, also Get Busy by Sean Paul. That's kind of a neat little song.
The full list, of course, is available on our website www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Also making an announcement this week, Karaoke Revolution Party.
Whole lot of songs in karaoke revolution party edition
My gosh take on me
material girl me and Bobby McGee
flame
Do you really want to hurt me call me American woman? I could read this list all day. It's huge check it out
OrangeLawnTrader.com that's going to be karaoke revolution party edition coming out a little later this year
Konami's also announcing sweet code and tactics which is going to be coming out for the PlayStation 2
2. Of course, you could think of this as kind of like Final Fantasy Tactics, but... Sweet
Golden Tactics! The official announcement came out this week that it will be coming
out for the PlayStation 2. We're looking at a Spring 2006 release date for this game.
Okay, did you... you remember Advent Rising, that game that was... came out for the Xbox
recently? You know how they had that million dollar competition that was going on? Win
a million dollars by playing Advent Rising? Yeah. Called off! The competition has been
called off due to too many bugs going on with the game, or basically also they're saying
too many bugs, too many things going wrong in the system, they have quietly cancelled
the million dollar giveaway.
That happened earlier this week.
Instead, as kind of a consolation prize, each person who participated in the Race to Save
Humanity contest will receive two free games from its recent catalog.
Not too bad of a consolation prize when you consider that the games you can choose from
Blood Rain 2, Guilty Gear X2 Reload, Psychonauts, Raze as Hell, and Phantom Dust.
So there's quite a few good games in that catalog there.
Too bad though about that million dollar competition because they stand to be paying that much
out in all these free games.
I don't know how many people were in this contest.
This really wasn't a game that appealed to me personally, but I just think it's interesting
that the contest had to be called off.
It was a cool game, but it did have its fair share of bugs.
Yeah, it's too bad.
Alright.
Um, also, I want to point this out, World of Warcraft, you know this, the MMO, the most
popular MMO, which none of us play here on this program, I actually, I have a friend
that's really trying to get me into it too, I've tried to install it, and my computer
won't accept the installation for some reason, which makes no sense to me.
It's like, no!
No, I don't want this!
already put enough crappy MMOs on me so I'm trying to make it work so we will
soon be reporting from inside World of Warcraft at some point hopefully but we
did want to point out upper deck entertainment what is upper deck well
known for card cards that's right they are making a they are making a trading
card game based out of World of Warcraft the quote from Jerry Benton senior vice
president of Upper Deck Entertainment, the World of Warcraft trading card game will perfectly
capture all of the action-packed combat and furious competition that online players have
come to expect.
Will there be a slash...
Oh, wait, no, that's EverQuest II.
That's EverQuest II.
Slash pizza card.
That'd be sweet.
Maybe the pizza card.
You know, actually, I think it was in World of Warcraft, there's slash chicken you can
do, and you can do this little quest where you can get a chicken to follow you around.
Interesting.
Very interesting.
Xbox 360, this is actually really big news, we're hitting it kind of late in the podcast,
my bad.
Prices were announced this week for the Xbox 360, very interesting, $299.99 US for the
basic unit.
I don't know why they just don't say 300 bucks, because that's what you're going to be paying
after tax, 300 bucks.
So for 300 bucks, you're going to get the Xbox 360 console, the controller, which is
a wired controller, but it has an extended nine foot cable.
Which I didn't understand anyways because there's no freaking controller ports on there
So where you plug it in? They're all now a new game find the controller for a USB port maybe and whatever
Huh, maybe gotcha. All right an Xbox 360 faceplate and an Xbox 360
Standard AV cable. All right composite. Yeah, so that's the first one
now if you want a
$400 or as they say three ninety nine ninety nine
That's just $400 and that first set the first one was actually called the Xbox 360 core. Yes
That's just the Xbox 360 basically now. This is the premium edition
400 bucks
console hard drive
20 gigabytes yes, ladies and gentlemen the Xbox 360 will not have a hard drive built in by default like the original Xbox did
You know what I'm doing. I'm gonna take that friggin hard drive
I'm ripping apart and put 120 gig hard drive in there screw that 20 gig crap for the $400
you get the wireless controller, the faceplate, a headset, a component high definition cable,
so you, well let me get to that thought, Xbox Live silver, yes, an Xbox Live silver membership,
and a bonus media remote.
So basically, those of you guys that are HDTV owners like myself now, I just bought one
not that long ago and Jamie I know has got one, you're pretty much screwed because once
Once you buy the $300 Xbox and the correct cable, you're gonna be paying $400 as it is.
So it seems to me that this $300 leftovers pack is kind of trying to soften the blow
of the fact that the system really costs $400 for everything you want.
Yeah, what they're...
I'm thinking what people are gonna do is be buying that when the third party stuff starts
coming out.
Possibly.
You don't have to buy a hard drive, you can buy this stupid little 64 meg memory card thing, and you don't have to buy a wireless controller, I mean, it's just nice, and you don't have to have a headset, and guess what, you know, the Xbox Live Silver package, that's free, so that's not really a big...
Well that actually is packaged in on the regular one too, I know it didn't make the story here on the site, but I read it somewhere else that the Xbox Live Silver will be on both sets, so at least you get that.
What would you do?
What strikes me as interesting though, okay, I maybe understand why they omitted the hard drive from the Xbox 360,
because honestly, how often did you use it with the original Xbox?
Granted, you could load your own songs, but how many games really supported that? Not a lot.
I don't know, we put on a bunch of Initial D soundtracks for, what was it, Midnight Club or something?
Yeah, but not a lot of games supported it.
I mean, a few, but not a lot.
and it's not like you could, a lot of games
use the hard drive for their data, I mean it's saved but nothing that a memory card
wouldn't be able to fit unless you're a real hardcore gamer
but now I'm thinking okay but now you're also talking with Xbox 360 that
Final Fantasy 11 is one of your big titles
you have to have a hard drive for Final Fantasy 11 because of all the freaking patches they do
so if you want to play Final Fantasy 11, Sony had their hand in that little decision
Yeah, well, yeah, most likely so
Just very interesting there that
Really to play all the really big games. You're gonna have to check down the $400 anyway
I suppose maybe if you just want you just want Madden, you know, you're just a light gamer
Maybe the $300 one will do you but most people that listen to this program probably consider themselves hardcore enough where?
That $300 set just doesn't cut it
so
Very interesting a dark soccer any other thoughts on that. Oh, yeah
I know I'm gonna have to get the premium
I have to I want the HD cables and I want the wireless controller and the hard drive
So I have to check down the $400, but I'm just kind of
Well, I guess but $400 is still a lot of money but I suppose most systems were around $400 when they first came out anyway, so
Did you know that they lost a lot of money when the Xbox first came out? Yeah
I think this is a way for them to make something that looks a little bit more affordable and
attractive for the casual gamer or for someone who doesn't have a lot of money or doesn't
have, you know, the high definition setup you or I have.
It makes it a little bit more affordable, makes it a little bit more attractive, and
then for those of us who have all this stuff who would lay down that kind of money, you
know, they're like, hey, we've got some goodies for you, we'll save you some money.
I suppose what makes some of us angsty out there is that we're looking at this
going,
aw man, you mean we gotta pay a hundred dollars for the stuff we need anyway
as gamers? I think that's where we kinda feel like, aw
jeez, we're being nickeled and dimed again. But I understand what you're saying. By
having the three hundred dollar set,
it makes Xbox 360 more accessible,
so to speak, to a broader game audience. Those folks that, you know, they just want
the new Madden game or,
you know, whatever it is. I think it's a really smart move on
on Microsoft's part, I really do.
Well, we shall see when the sales figures come out,
shall we?
Oh, yes, I will be paying attention to that.
I read a really neat article in Time about the 360.
This article came out about the time that we were all at E3.
I'm just saying about how much money they lost on it.
With the design of the system, they
designed something that would be attractive
to the Japanese market as well.
now i'd love to see if they're going to be doing the same thing there that they
are here
what's that
about having the multiple packages
okay the with and without package basically
we'll see
we gotta move on let's get to some more stories uh... loki you got anything else for us?
yeah speaking of xbox 360 there's a
some of
few little things here
one of them is this new
webpage that's just appeared online and this webpage is
xbox or its origin xbox
three sixty dot com
what's interesting is there's a new timer counting down there was also
interesting is
that the domain was registered by microsoft
so it is in another one of those big like you know when
we like bees or whatever that site was called
possibly uh... the website by you know people looking at it they figured out
that's gonna end
on
September 27th, I believe at 12 Eastern, and no one really knows what the hell it is, they
just know that it's a countdown thing.
It's got this, kind of a picture of a tree, and it's cut out of a bunny, and it looks
like Xbox 360 will have bunny love.
Ah, bunnies.
No, but that's their answer to Nintendogs.
Micro bunnies.
That's it.
now but you know something like that could actually happen. You know something like that
could actually happen. It will be there answered in Nintendogs. It will be micro bunnies. Yeah,
you micro bunnies. You walk, you turn around, you walk away, you get something to drink,
you come back, there's 400 of them on the screen. And what are we going to get next,
play cats? Oh god, anyway, so there's some weird site and it's basically you can access
it at www.origin and this is o-r-i-g-n-x-box-360.com and you've got the countdown here you can
go check it out figure out what it's about who knows kind of weird but anyways then on
to the subject of something else which would be the nintendo d or actually nintendo revolution
There has been a comment made by Peter Mullinux at Lionhead Studios, the guy, or the studio
behind Black and White and Fable, and he's basically quizzed at the, at some European
games convention about the revolution, and he's basically said this, and this is his
quote, there is a line at the end of the book, game over, and it is, never underestimate
Nintendo that is all I can say about the controller hmm things that make you go
hmm basically you know what it's been the same thing from all these other
different publishers have been looking at they're like I can't say anything
under strict you know NDR but don't count them out interesting so we'll have
to wait till the end of the year to find out you know the Nintendo's kind of been
with the DS they kind of changed the controller a little bit because the
controller is a pen and you never really saw that in a gaming system before so
Nintendo's kind of been on this kick lately so it'll be very interesting to
see what happens
God no power glove it's so bad all right anything else you got for us
tonight Loki and finally yes happy birthday to you happy birthday Mario
you're 20 Wow he's still young and yeah he's got a lot to learn Nintendo has
officially launched the Mario's happy birthday site,
nintendo.co.jp slash mario20th.
And on behalf of Orange Lounge Radio,
we'd like to apologize to Mario.
We are sorry, but your cake is in another castle.
I kill me.
It's a mushroom cake.
Digdug is coming to the DS.
We mentioned this on the show a little bit ago,
but now they're releasing a little bit more information
about this game. It's Dig Dug Digging Strike. It's going to be an update of the 82 game
Dig Dug. It will be coming out this fall, says Namco. The DS game will have the original
character from Dig Dug and will also have updated gameplay that takes advantage of the
dual screens on the handheld. It'll actually be coming out in September. Dig Dug, oh you
know the release date for this? It's mid-September. Dig Dug is armed with a collection of weapons
such as rocks, lava, and quicksand to defeat the baddies that are in his way.
So that should be interesting.
Also multiplayer.
This is junior assistant Mr. Driller.
They are saying multiplayer, two players, in this game.
So it should be interesting.
That'll be really cool.
Did you have any other stories for us tonight?
I happen to have that.
I'm sorry?
I have to have that game actually, I picked up Dig Dug for the Atari 7800 today.
DS is more than making up for kind of a light early 2005 with a lot of great games in late
2005, so I forgive them.
I still do not forgive them for the Zelda delay, however.
Did you have any other stories for us tonight, Dark Sakura?
Nope.
Okay.
Then I've only got a couple more left here.
These are kind of the WTF stories.
Core Hotels.
This is a hotel chain in Southern California, and it's one of those like really swanky hotel
things.
a PlayStation 2 and PSP basically what it is is that you if you stay in their
rooms you get free use of a PSP handheld or a PlayStation 2 get this each hotel
has a resident game butler who helps you install and use the systems how would
that be for a job being the game butler one of these hotels very interesting by
the way if you're me yeah if you're thinking that this is a good way to
check out one of these systems think again because staying at core hotels
will cost you well over several hundred dollars per night so you might as well
just buy yourself a PlayStation 2 or a PSP. I can top that. Oh? What do you have?
It's just been announced that... I've got one more story and it's all right no no
I want to save mine for last because mine's great you read yours. Well you
know Nokia will just try anything to get their product out there so Nokia to
Combat, you know the PSP being a hotel. They have the Nokia engage deck chair. That's right folks the engage deck chair
What you can do basically is they're gonna be putting these out at
different venues out there and
What's gonna happen is is they're actually gonna be sitting I
Honestly like a chair with a chair with a crappy umbrella attached to it
And this crappy N-Gage attached to it, it looks like crap.
It's just, it's going to be touring a number of festivals,
including Carlene Leeds and Reading Festival and whatever.
Honestly, folks, it's going to suck.
The last desperate attempt of a desperate company.
Even the deck chair looks uncomfortable.
It's like the deck chair was put together wrong.
You know what's funny?
I went to IHOP today, and I saw somebody playing an N-Gage.
and that's probably only the second time I have ever seen somebody playing an
N-Gage. Their parents don't love them. No, it was like an adult.
Like an upper-twenties looking guy.
And it's probably only the second time I've ever seen somebody playing an N-Gage, like not
in a GameStop demo or something. Crazy.
You know what, in the N-Gage's defense,
a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Unfortunately it doesn't really have any good games anyway.
yeah all right now dark soccer you tell me which story was better Loki's final
story or my final story
Linda Carter will be joining the cast of Elder Scrolls 4
Linda Carter yes that's right Linda Carter best known as Wonder Woman
or should I say Wonder Woman is going to be joining the cast of this game Elder
Scrolls 4
and what else do you really need to know about the game
I mean seriously it's got Wonder Woman in it who cares
all right fine it's freaking awesome it's it's
it's you know a role-playing game basically um
it you're in this fantasy realm of Tamriel
where the gates to a hellish underworld are going to be opened and
but never fear Wonder Woman is here! but never fear Wonder Woman's here with her
golden lasso
all right you know what
Wonder Woman was created by the guy who invented the
the lie detector. I've heard that story before.
And the golden lasso is a
sort of a nod to his invention. That's great.
Of course he was also into bondage, which explains other things.
And of course there's the upcoming Wonder Woman movie that's
going to be directed by the guy who did Buffy and Serenity and all that stuff,
but that's for another podcast. Wait, is it directed by or is it written by?
I believe... Written by Joss.
Don't send me hate mail if I'm wrong, but I believe it's written and directed by the one and only Jaws.
That means it's going to be done fabulously well. He was also writing X-Men for a little while.
And it was being done very well.
We'll save that to the Buffy fans podcast. If there is one, I would think there's got to be a Buffy podcast out there.
I'm going to go look for one right now.
That sounds like a waste of time.
It's time for the final thoughts before DarkSakura jumps through the skype line and strangles
Loki for knocking Buffy.
Loki your final thought.
Did that guy actually come up with the really retarded concept of an invisible flying jet?
Yep.
Why couldn't he just make her fly?
An invisible jet is retarded.
Because she's an Amazon or something.
Oh so she can't fly.
She's a woman, that's why she can't fly.
Hey!
She has some fly jets.
She's going to punch you next week.
I'm just saying that because I'm not there.
My final thought is, my final thought is Nintendogs, you are mine this week, finally.
Oh god, it's going to be a really bad show next week.
It's always a really bad show, what are you talking about?
But you guys listen anyway, we love you.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Reject false icons.
Alright.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio To Go, thanks you guys
for subscribing and listening. Have a great night.
