Microsoft applied for a patent for allowing a secondary device to validate a disk enabling a primary device without an optical disk drive to license and run that media.
One possible translation? Microsoft applied for a patent for allowing a PC to validate a game disk enabling a diskless Xbox Series console to license and run that game.
A patent is not a guarantee that it'll happen, but it is a neat consideration.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to discuss this story and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again with episode number 915 of our show for tonight, May the 22nd of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined by my co hosts. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Good. Also joining us tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie. Oh, she just sat down. I was gonna say she stepped away, but then she stepped back. Hello, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, you have impeccable timing. How are you?
Well, I'm okay.
All right. Did you go shopping this weekend? Because I see a bag with kitties on it behind you. At least that's what it looks like from a distance. Okay, I was
I went earlier. And what I do is that when I go to different places, I sort them by the kind of material they are in the back of my car. Oh, so what the reason why I do that is so that I can like take a bag to my office. It's got art supplies, I can take a bag to the kitchen for food, I can take one to the bathroom for toiletries.
But in this case, the stuff that goes in here usually art supplies. And I've been scouring all the Rosses I can find near me. Because I lucked into acrylic paper, which is typically something like 20 to 30 bucks for 10 sheets of paper, which and I don't know I found them for two bucks a pop.
I don't know if it's a national chain, but Ross dress for less or some of my friends all over the place. Some of my friends affectionately call it cross dress for less.
Well, it it just happened to have sometimes and I bought Copics they had a pack of Copic chows that had colors I didn't have so I picked them up.
You can get good deals those places I get coffee finding a Copic a set of Copics is like finding a unicorn though.
I get coffee supplies to those places for cheap not just the cups for like sugar free sweeteners and all that type of stuff you get cheap. That stuff's more common. Yeah.
The pack of Copic markers that I paid 20 bucks for are about 35 retail.
And on top of that it's a high end art supplies so we love a sale with.
That's true. I was I was like, I found the pack and that now mostly I work with Copic sketch markers which are about $8 per marker.
But I'm not going to say no to a pack of Copic chow like it's the same ink same quality same nibs. I was like, heck yeah, and it had a blue multi liner in it which I was looking for.
So, that's cool. And I can buy canvas is really cheap there too.
That's good because there's no, no longer there used to be an art supply store that was everywhere called Aaron brothers my mom that was my mom's favorite store because they're Aaron brothers is hardly an art supply store, well but they're they're
they did framing and they're no longer anyway they went out, they all went under. So, yeah, I just remember there's still loved going there.
I think university artists still around so is a blix art supply which is a bigger chain and they are dedicated art.
There's, I actually I buy Copics at Michael's of all places because the Joanne's here doesn't have a very good selection. And the Michaels actually does, and they'll sometimes do like a buy one get one half price.
And for Copics that's unbelievable. Well believe it or not it's a video game podcast but you know what we know that you want sales on all the merchandise to make your fan art.
So when you all out there are celebrating the dead by daylight dating sim that's coming out we'll talk about later in the show or is literally doing dead by daylight fan art is dark soccer showing off on stream, because we do take live every Sunday night
at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific, and they can catch the VOD if they want to see it twitch.tv slash vog network that's VOG network, and we'll talk about deals for all sorts of things.
We also sometimes talk about other types of media, not just video games, but Loki I can't help but notice you've got a classic eight bit Disney game playing behind you because there were, there were some really good like Capcom had the Disney license for games in the
job with they made some great Mickey Mouse could pay DuckTales of course all 10 classics but you plan tonight, rescue.
Yeah, I have a feeling this has to do with that movie that just came out a few days ago. Because it's up. Go ahead. Absolutely fantastic. Yes, I'm seeing it all over the game blogs because I guess they brought back the Sonic the hedgehog that everybody hated from the original trailer and they call them ugly.
Yes, but I was laughing because ugly Sonic apparently does appearances at fan conventions now and I was just laughing because that's just like that's such a like I haven't even seen the movie, but that's just like such a thing for ugly Sonic to do to capitalize on that one appearance
that they made and believe me, you all know I do multiple things I don't just host to LR I've met a lot of people in my other gig that try to make that one appearance that they did last for a long time. What I will, I will, I will just say two words that will illustrate this point very well. Miss Vangie.
Well, that's that's that's an entire empire based off of a infamous exit. But okay, so but it's not even though all the gaming blogs are talking about ugly Sonic. My understanding is the movie just consistently throws like, like that's every Gen X millennial like Zillennial or the trail generation like that, like the our age basically references everywhere.
They integrate the pop culture like cartoon and live action stuff, and like even like CG puppets, like all sorts of things together in like one cohesive world. It's not like Space Jam where it's like, hey, you remember that? Hey, you remember that? Like it actually makes sense like in the world and, and they make fun of things that it's, it's hilarious. The premise is hilarious.
Just like the jokes are ridiculous in a lot of the things. I don't know. It's like, I know when I saw like the trailer for the movie, I was like, you know, I like Andy Samberg. I like Oh, gosh, I can't remember the other guy's name.
Um, we don't like that much. No, I can John Mulaney. So I, so I like their work a lot. Like they're great writers on SNL. They have a lot of really funny stuff that they do in that. And like, there is just like, it just comes like all of their like personality comes out and all these characters and stuff and they just it's it's hilarious, like the different like characters that they bring back and like just the whole bunch of stuff.
The whole plot line. Everything is ridiculous. And some of the gags that they do even like with the ugly Sonic stuff. It's just, it's hilarious. It's all hilarious. It's so good. Like, I don't know. Like I was watching as like, this is why is it this good? Like this is ridiculous. It shouldn't even be this good.
Um, DJ rama. I'm sorry. Let me get some several comments in our chat room. sj 100. Matt says is the movie good. It looked totally trashy in the sense that it knows it's trashy and it's just joking on itself. DJ rama says there's some cringe but overall it was really good. The remake of the rescue Rangers theme is trash though. Mike Deaf says it was okay for me not that great but funny and entertaining way better than Space Jam two. So there is that
that is a low bar to hit but yes.
All right, well, I'll check it out ways but I'm a sucker for good reference. Somebody sent me there's like a billboard in the background that shows Doug from Nickelodeon's Doug is now a lawyer and like the gag was really funny. It said something like there's nothing funny about injury because his name was Doug funny. And it's Yes. And that was that was funny. So there's a lot of that stuff. There's absolutely a ton of that stuff.
There's a joke that's about like, it's, you know, like the Batman Superman stuff. Well, this one's like Batman versus et. And then they they they see see that on a billboard and then they come back like immediately right after that and actually show a clip of the movie. And it's so stupid. I'm a sucker. It's great. I'm a sucker for a quick hit pun. Like I'm for a quick hit. There's so many why I loved Mitch Hedberg.
Like that was the entire routine. It feels a little bit like like, I don't want to not really necessarily compare it to the Zucker Brothers stuff. But it's kind of like that where there's a lot of just like gags in the background and some of this stuff. Like if you don't like notice it, you might like miss a joke. Like I was laughing throughout the movie like a bunch of things that my kids like they don't get the reference because of like half the stuff in there.
I was gonna say some of the soccer movie stuff is kind of lame. Some of it is classic, obviously, like some of the old school stuff is classic. Like but then I thought like, Oh, but they did the later scary movies, movies after the Wayans brothers, right? Because like the way I don't want to, but the later I don't want to
spoil too much, but like, so like zipper and gadget end up like becoming a couple. And so they have a family. So you have to imagine, well, how's that work? A fly and a mouse? Well, they elaborate on that. And it's hilarious. All right. All right.
I have to check it out some way. Sounds funny. Yeah. All right. Let's get into video games. I know. I know. But we got it. We got to talk about video games, or we're not allowed to call ourselves a video game podcast. But you know what, there's there's lots of platforms out there with media that are dipping their toe into gaming. And I think that's gonna do our kickoff topic for tonight. Loki, what do we got?
Yeah, so tick tock has already, they're adding games to their platform, because, you know, they want to get people on that platform, and they want to stay there. So they've added a few small games, and they're planning to roll out more games as part of I guess, Southeast Asia later this year. Right now, they are. I don't really have that many games added in there. They have, I guess,
was a disco loco 3d. It's a game from Zynga. And then they also have like some other like free to play stuff. It's a lot of mobile games like Marvel snap. So yeah, they're going to be incorporating more games into the platform. I don't know how that necessarily like, is it just that you can go play games there? Or is it like, does that integrate with the platform somehow? Like, I'd be curious to see what that means. Like, are you sharing clips of the
games? I mean, like, what is it?
I imagine it integrates with the platform a little bit. It's kind of it kind of reminds me of when Facebook was kind of doing this through messenger. And I think to some extent, they still have it. But I know they were pushing it pretty hard for a little bit is that in messenger, you could just like jump right into a game of Pac Man or something like that, where you actually but it was like a Pac Man competing against the other person type of thing. By the way, happy birthday, Pac Man. Maybe that's why it's on my my brain tonight. But I think this is something like that is that it probably is
still launched within the tick tock app. But it is more of a gaming experience. I mean, if it was smart, they would allow you to share clips and things like that. But I don't know, I would think a lot of the success of this depends on the quality of the game. There's a lot of mobile games that have a reputation for being crappy mobile games. That's why I think when Facebook had Pac Man, it was interesting, because Pac Man has a reputation behind it. Everybody knows what Pac Man is, you know, if tick tock got Mario Kart, people would pay attention.
Yeah, even Mario Kart mobile wasn't as good as the mainline games, but I digress. You know, I don't know if tick tocks going to really break through if the games don't get people to notice. You know what I mean?
No, I get what you're saying. And yeah, I don't know if they're going to be I mean, they mentioned a game. So it's like, I don't know, maybe like,
I mean, they might they might do that. Okay, so I think about like, it take talk as a platform really makes its living. I don't know what else to call it off of people endlessly watching. That's it's
they make they make their money off of people's off of content creators stealing stuff from people of color, and then calling it their own and then making it popular. So take talk gets more revenue.
Oh, that's that's any platform. That's Instagram as well. That's that's any any that's Twitter. It's all
Don't be dismissive about it, though. It's a very big thing.
I'm not being dismissive about it. Excuse me. I'm pointing out that this is a problem on every social media platform. It's not something that's unique to
My point was that tik tok has been very recently called out on it. And it's been big news specifically on them very recently.
Um,
now I lost my train of thought, but people tend to just kind of endlessly watch tik toks, you know, one after the other. And I think Instagram is a very similar sort of thing like Instagram stories or whatever it is. And on Instagram, I know that you will see ads because I do
chuckle. I will often see these ridiculous looking game ads where I know I know the game is nothing like the ad, because there's a lot of those ad will show like, I don't know the the mafia guy stealing someone's stealing someone's girlfriend or something. And then they drive off together and they're being chased by zombies and all these ludicrous things. You know, the game looks nothing like it. But the stories. Oh, God, what was the other one? There was one where like Kathy Bates was in the ad, and it made all this news. I think we even talked about it on
the show. And like, it's a fucking match three puzzle game. But the ad was so over that was like grandma's mystery mansion or something. I don't want to give the game free advertisement anyway. But like it's like these ads are so ludicrous. And they're telling you to tap to download the game, which I bet a lot of people don't do. Maybe some because the ads are so silly. But in tik tok, and this whole integration thing, I would imagine as you're endlessly scrolling tik tok content, you're going to come
across, you know, an ad or something, and it's just click here to play now. And I think that will probably be something that is what they're going to do is have it so you just click and play the game right now. But again, I think if the games aren't interesting, nobody's going to really care. I also, you know, one thing I see on again, it doesn't matter what the platform is, it's something that you know,
it hits in one place, and it spreads everywhere is these filters, right? See it on Instagram, Snapchat, tik tok, they all have some version of it, where, you know, you see the filter. And it's like, I don't know what what Pokemon or what what Pokemon is my team. And it shows like six random Pokemon that go over your head, and you sit there and react to your team. And people watch that. It's like, oh, yay, I got a team I like or Oh, I got all pidgeys and rotatas. That's garbage.
You know, people will watch that stuff for whatever reason. Because we're bored. But what if there's a game somehow out of those filters? That's where I thought maybe it would go is that you you play the game and watch people react live to it. Kind of like twitches mo or YouTube's I guess a certain component of that. But I would I would think maybe there's something there. I'm surprised when I heard tik tok is getting into gaming. It wasn't just, oh, they're trying to throw games at it like
Facebook did like Netflix is doing all this stuff. I'm surprised it wasn't like they're trying to do something different with it. They're trying to gamify something they're already doing. But as pointed out earlier, all of these platforms all steal from each other. Anyway, so there's that. Let's see.
DJ Rama S and chat says, I like tik tok better when it was called vine. Honestly, yes. RIP vine ahead of its time. And I don't know how Twitter ran that out of business. But they sure did. Because right. Twitter bought vine, didn't they? Or my parents go though. There was that to Twitter ran that out of business, too. So I don't, I don't know what happened there. But no vine was great. But this it was okay. So I just said earlier, I love a quick hit joke. And that's
all vine was. You didn't have a lot of time on vine to set something else up. tik toks let you go longer. Instagram, Snapchat, they'll let you go longer.
They just poked me for 10 minute videos. On on tik tok, you can do 10 minute videos on tik tok. No, they said they're they're rolling out 10 minute videos. Like I was in the five minute crowd. And I mean, really, all I put on there is just like, stuff I did in dead by daylight to advertise my channel. And then, like pinball stuff when I went to Golden State pinball Expo. But there's people who go on there to I don't even know.
It's, I don't think these people are very interesting. Like people show stuff. And I'm like, it's not very funny. But then again, I don't think a lot of people are funny.
Um, yeah, tick, tick tock's hard for me to get into, like, and I just wonder, like, is this an age thing? I don't know. Tick tock doesn't, I don't see a lot of content from people I know on it. Like, at least if I'm doing Instagram, or Snapchat, although a lot of my friends don't really use Snapchat. But like, I see people I know, and their content, tick tock, I I'll see, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival. But it's like, I'll see that something Paula Abdul posted, she's great. One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival. But it's like, I'll see that something Paula Abdul posted, she's great. One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival One other person that I know, like, I know you're on it, because I saw the stuff you were posting at the pinball festival
When you see her Horse and stuff, it's like, it's all thirst-trapped stuff
When you see her Horse and stuff, it's like, it's all thirst-trapped stuff Um, then, like her YouTube and Instagram is all pimple popping things Yeah, but it starts to learn what you like
Yeah, but it starts to learn what you like Don't knock it. I watch those too
those platforms start to learn what you're engaging with and then it keeps showing you more of that, for better or for worse
You know, that's what a lot of social media platforms do
do. So, um, bonds, double six says have never viewed seen
anything connected to tick tock. It's getting hard to escape. I
have a hard time figuring out the secret sauce with tick tock.
I have an account. I made one video because a local artist
friend was like, you should get on it and make a video. And so
we made a video together backstage to show. And I thought
it was I thought it was stupid. Like I like not it was not this
other artists. I made the joke or whatever. And I thought it
was stupid. It did get a lot of views for being a throwaway
video. And I was like, what the hell? You know, I don't
understand this thing. But I don't I don't know what content
to make for it. I really don't. So I don't know. Maybe I'll
figure that out someday.
I just some of these names people have
the names on tik tok.
Yeah, like Lord Panda waffles. I just saw that name just now. And
I think it's a great name.
That's Yeah, I mean, it is a great name. A lot of MMO is in
video games. You see silly gamer tags and stuff too.
I saw I saw a sassy pants. Give it a on in another game.
Well, they're a fake fake bitch. sassy pants, by the way, was the
name of my old Warcraft character for those who don't
know. Let's see Zen monkey 11 says the secret sauce is it
short and to the point. You don't have to be that short
though. Because I've, you know, again, you just talked about the
10 minute videos, the five minute videos. So yeah, be that
short. Like vine was short and to the point. I would say I've
definitely skipped past my fair share of tik tok videos because
too too long to build up. It's just like the same problem with
a lot of youtubes too because the first minute will be Hey,
everybody, welcome to my YouTube channel. If you want to keep the
channel going. Don't forget to like, comment and subscribe. And
today,
a lot of them though have chapter markers on them now
though. So that makes it better. That's good. We know I can skip
the sheer space ads.
See, bonds double six says at work now watching anime when I'm
not working at some gaming or just regular adulting things.
So all right. Yes,
enough though. I am that person who pulls up YouTube to watch
documentaries.
Well, there is I mean, there is no shortage of all sorts of
content on there. And there's some great gaming documentaries
on there too. Like, I think of the Final Fantasy 14 1.0
documentary that's on there. That's really good. You know,
like, I like stuff like Did you know gaming and you know, unseen
64. And I actually watched a really good one today about
Stephen King stint as Richard Bachman, where the name came
from, why he did it and about the controversy by the book
rage.
And it was a 20 minute video. And it gave the information and
it was actually a really good video. Those are the that's what
I go to watch is stuff that's going to teach me something.
Well, for better or for worse, a site like YouTube with the
search bar has everything. You know, if you need to know how to
fix something, their algorithm sucks. Yeah, they will show you
the same video you watched two months ago.
Don't you want to see it again? All right. So until we have
more, I guess that's all there is to say on Tick Tock getting
into gaming is that they're testing it. I just don't know
how much engagement they're really going to get with it
unless they literally just dropped the game right in front
of you as you're scrolling through all these endless things
as you're looking at Tick Tock, I don't know. So yeah, I would
have to like, you know, it. I don't know if they're doing
anything meaningful with it, aside from just like, okay,
we're going to advertise games on there. And then we'll split
the revenue with whatever you guys sell or make off of it.
Like, I don't know, I, I just don't see them doing anything
meaningful with it. So far, like the other platforms, I've tried
to integrate that stuff like Facebook and whatnot, haven't
really done too much. Yeah, it's like, we'll have this news
cycle. And then Oh, turns out, nobody's really engaging with
it. So yeah, isn't that kind of true about Facebook gaming, the
live streaming section to like, they, they, they'll get in the
news, because it's like, oh, they've got all these creators.
And as much as I don't really care for Facebook, but I also
realized, like, I have to check it every now and then, or I'll
miss people's major, like, I'll miss that people are getting
married, and that type of stuff. So I'll load it up. But like,
never, never do I see on my Facebook feed anything about
Facebook gaming. And you would think Yeah, I mean, I'm not
gonna watch it anyway. But you would think they'd be trying to
target me a little bit. It's weird. Anyway. All right. Well,
let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video
games that we have been playing this week, the things we've been
doing that aren't tick tock. How was your gaming week Dark
Soccer? We'll start with you.
Um, Terranigma is getting a little bit more interesting,
although it's like still a fairly simple game. Like, the
story is interesting, but it's so fucking weird. And like, I
did have something good happen, like in in my my last stream, it
was pretty cool. You have to go find this girl and they allude
that she's surrounding herself with illusions. And then when
you when you find her and you talk to the people in the town,
and everyone's nice and you lay down at the end, and you wake up
and there's all zombies trying to eat you and you can you can
shoot their heads off and tables fly at you. And you there's
these ghosts, like things that look almost like they almost
remind me of Jomon pottery. But if you hit them, these ghosts
come out and they like try they suck you back to the beginning
of the level. So I've been using my safe states a lot. And like,
you have to go find this girl's dog and all this stuff. And it's
just this weird sort of denial thing going on in her with her
little world of zombies. And I haven't found the girl yet. I
think I did something out of turn. But it's a it's a really,
the game has more depth than I thought it did at the beginning,
even if the delivery is a little bit. Hmm. Awkward. Awkward
delivery, I can put it forth like that, like you do. Like you
wake up this one thing like you wake up all the animals in the
world. And then suddenly you can talk to the animals and you have
this weird cutscene that doesn't make any sense. And I just a lot
of it just is really awkward. And I can see why it didn't come
out over here. I'm not saying it's a bad game, but I have
played better put together games in general. The music is is okay.
There have been some pieces that I translate them as really bad.
So they're interesting to listen to. Like the instrumentation and
some of them is weird. And I found some music I really enjoyed
and I like the animations for the main character arc. And I
like his little like, purple blob thing that just shows up
out of out of nowhere to be sarcastic to him named Yomi. So
I'm enjoying the game. It's just not what I expected it to be.
But it's it's pretty fun. I'm so I'm gonna keep up with it. I
mean, I think I'm kind of pushing through it at a good
pace. And of course, Dead by Daylight. I play I ended up
like I don't even know what my deal was yesterday, but I could
not play my best characters to save my life. And then I'm
actually starting to see now where I'm getting loading screen
lag that a lot of people on Steam are also getting and the
rubber banding that they've been talking about. Where it's like,
you you're chasing after someone, for example, and then
it snaps, like it snaps you back, like another position like
you've been pulled back by rubber band. And I don't know
what it is, because Finara and I were talking about it. And
Finara, I will be getting to that. Thank you. Is that the
toxic survivors, the bully squads have been out in force.
And although I did have something really funny happen on
Thursday, I finally got to play Haddonfield, which I haven't, I
haven't played it yet, except for the time Finara and I ran
around exploring. And it was clear, I didn't know where I was
going. And the survivors started to be, you know, bullyish and
everything. And as I like to say, they fucked around and
found out. They got sloppy, I got on my game. One person
disconnected to, to Death Hooks. And I felt sorry for the UE at
the end and I let her escape. I let her get the hatch. I
couldn't find the hatch though. That Haddonfield level is small,
but weird. I don't hate it. But I miss old Haddonfield and I
never thought I would say that. Yeah, it's very different. But
other than that, I've been watching people on the PTB. The
dredge, haha. That, that's a very interesting character
concept. And I super love it, except he just, he reminds me a
little bit of some of the scenes from The Thing. And that
is a movie I cannot watch because I had bad nightmares
about it. Like I cannot watch that movie and the dredge makes
me think a little bit of it. But the locker teleporting
mechanic is really cool. And now, you know, I'm a lore nerd.
I've probably read through everybody's stories and the
extra things. And I really liked that they brought Hattie into
it because she was mentioned in three other tomes before we even
saw her. And then there was like the Jacob person that she was
writing to also mentioned in the lore. And then I think there was
something about the person who basically created the doctor. So
I really think that now they're starting to look a little bit
more to their actual lore and starting to tie it all together.
Because I think that there's a big contingent of us that's
really into the lore. And we want to see these things, we want
them to expand on it. Well, I did also buy another game and I
cannot play it. I bought Evil Dead. Right now, now it's only
on Epic Games Store if you want it on a non console. And they
marked it down to like 39. And then they're doing like some
mega sale right now where you can get a $10 off coupon. So I
paid 30 bucks for the game. So I'm not going to return it. But
it won't run in Windows 11 arm. It doesn't the x64 emulation is
not where it should be to run that game. Of course, I still
have the same problem with Dead by Daylight that I know the game
will run. I know the game will work. It's the anti cheat that
they use that won't run and the game will not run without the
anti cheat. So I'm hoping that the Evil Dead comes out on
Stadia because I'll probably buy it again. It looked like I
watched LC play it last night. It was that shit. It's intense.
And it looked like it was a lot of fun. So I'm one of these days
I'll get to play it but I did put a lot of attention into it.
So that's right out in word scapes like I'm number 12 in
the tournament today. So whatever.
All right. Loki, we'll go to you. How was your gaming week?
I was just Minecraft again. So I put out a new hardcore video.
And then I've been trying to get a farm, a raid farm to work, or
at least a stacking rate farm to work. But the server that we
play on, it had its runs what's called paper MC and paper tends
to mess with technical redstone stuff. And so I built the farm
up and it didn't work quite right. So I had to tear it all
down again. And so now I'm researching new farm designs to
build. So there's that. Um, what else? Oh, I got this cool new
t shirt. I gotta show you. So you're gonna love this. I mean,
so check this out. See if we can move my mic.
Was that a pyramid head? I can't tell.
No.
Yeah, your green screen is green is the virtual green
screen.
Here, we'll fix that real quick. All right.
And by the way, can I mention one thing that I forgot to?
Yeah. I chased finara around in cold wind farm so I could
practice nurse. Oh, fun. And listening to a thing screen
makes me happy.
Oh, gosh, that's also okay. So that's like, that's the
background for dropout. The old DDR song. It is. Oh, wow. That's
that is. Where did you get that shirt from?
T Republic, I believe.
I'm gonna have to look at that. Yeah, that's, that's a throwback.
My gosh.
Yeah. Yeah. It was from they just sent me an email. I think
it's frontier public.
I'm a little shocked that I recognized it, but also not.
All right. Anything else?
I thought I had to get it. Anything else?
That that's basically it. Yeah. Okay.
Let's see. My gaming week. I've been playing more fun fancy 14
because of course I have been. I've been playing a little bit
of dead by daylight as well. I've been sort of trying to get
back into killer a little bit. I have found that I kind of
enjoyed playing the plague right now in dead by daylight. I feel
like she inherently counters a lot of the meta plays that
survivors use right now. Because like, healing circle of healing
doesn't really matter with her. Because her mechanic is the
whole cleansing and everything anyway, anyway, dead hard. You
can still vomit on them if they did hard. So there's there's a
lot that, you know, kind of works with her that I find very
fun. I just find most survivors aren't prepared for her. So
that's the fun thing about playing her not to say I got
some four K's I get some no K's just you know, kind of goes back
and forth. My luck with her.
He always used to throw me off because of how tall she is.
Oh, yeah, there's that. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Ah, let's
see. And then in other games, so I'm continuing my, you know,
adventures in AR gaming and like Pikmin. I'm level 57 in
Pikmin Bloom now. So I've walked a lot of steps. I just walked
three and a half miles today in the heat. So that's, that's been
you know, I don't know, because that's a very passive type of
game. I don't do a lot in that game. But they had a big
community day because Niantic had a big community day this
weekend. And actually, some of my friends through Ingress, we
decided to meet up in Oakland. Because well, they weren't doing
anything for Ingress, but we all play the other stuff too. So we
decided to do Pikmin there and they were doing Pokemon Go had a
community day. So they were doing Alolan Geodude as well.
Oh, yeah, Mike Defton chat says all the community days. Well,
Niantic Niantic starting to lean into that a little bit. And they
actually they even have a whole website for community day. And
they're they've launched a whole brand around it. So Niantic
actually had a booth in Oakland. And so it was it was considered
one of the like Niantic attended events. They did some
virtual events, but this was like Niantic intended, attended.
So they had a booth set up with like, it was just silly stuff
like pins, but one of the pins I got was a Niantic community day
pin with that new logo on it and everything. So I mean, they're
they're leaning into the brand. They had like Wayfarer stickers
and stuff. So you can kind of see all their their new products
are trying to kind of fold into their brand in different ways.
And then, yeah, so I did the community day there and just,
you know, walked around a little bit. It was interesting because
they had, they put in like 10 fake pokey stops right in that
Jack London Square, which is a pretty decently populated area
with pokey stops anyway. And they added like 10 more. So it
was like I was just sitting there because I use the Bluetooth
and when I ran out of pokey balls, I just switch it to only
spin stops. And within like 10 minutes, I probably had 100
pokey balls again. So it's also interesting. And we'll get into
some of the Niantic controversy later. But it is very
interesting how they can set up fake pokey stops whenever they
want wherever they want. So it's that part of it's kind of
interesting. But it was honestly like I it was kind of lame for
Pikmin though, because Pikmin didn't generate the flower
spawns. It didn't generate off the the stops that they made for
the event. So it was like there wasn't very many places to spawn
flowers. So it was really just Pokemon. And so for my friends
they play Pikmin and Ingress, they don't really play Pokemon.
They were a little bit like, there's not much to do. But it
was fun to see everybody and hang out together. And I guess
that's that's the fun in it. So yeah, so outside of that, don't
really have a lot else to share. I Oh, no, I guess I could
mention that Pokemon home got an upgrade. Because now Pokemon
home will work with Arceus and brilliant diamond shining pearl.
So all I've really done so far as I went into home to like
organize some stuff and do a little bit of transfers, I
upgraded my save files and did the transfers to get the bonus
Pokemon that they're given away for the home upgrade. But if
you're a Pokemon person, and you like home at all, just check out
that that all got upgraded to 2.0. And now you can use it with
the two latest Pokemon releases, because you can only use it with
really sword and shield and go and and transferring stuff all
the way from bank before you can really use it with the newer
games, but they've now patched it in. So you can use it with
the newer releases. So that kind of makes that stuff fresh again,
I really need to go back and beat Pokemon Arceus because that
was all right when I was moving. So I was really into it for like
a week. And then it was like the move took over and I never went
back to it. So I need to do that at some point. All right, let's
get into some more news. Not a lot of housekeeping stuff. But I
will mention because we're getting close now. We're only a
month away from our 20th anniversary here of Orange
Launch Radio, we celebrate 20 years on the air for better. And
for worse. At the end of June, June 26 will be that show are
technically our birthday is June 23. But that would be in the
middle of the week. So we're going to do a celebrate all that
on June the 26th. So be here. All right. Let's talk about news
and what else is going on in the gaming world. Loki?
Yeah, so apparently, the word is that EA is looking for somebody
to swoop in and purchase them. Because you know, hey, that's
what's happening.
So they said in recent years, as media companies have taken
greater interest in the rapidly growing gaming industry.
Electronic Arts have held talks with a number of different
potential suitors, including Disney, Apple and Amazon.
Several sources with these talks say EA has been persistent in
pursuing a sale and has only grown more emboldened in the
wake of the Microsoft Activision deal.
Yeah, but like, maybe they don't like don't have the offer
they're like your games like Battlefield hasn't been doing
well.
Madden stuff, I guess it's all right. You just lost your FIFA
license, or maybe just didn't renew your FIFA license,
whatever.
So I don't know. I don't know if anyone will will purchase them.
But I guess they're just saying, Hey, we're out here, waiting for
you to purchase us.
Well, that's the I guess that list of suitors is kind of
interesting. I mean, because they're not really companies you
think about with gaming. I mean, I get the Apple one I get
because I see where they've got gaming, the Disney one, I guess
Disney did have some game publishing.
Yeah, yeah, they're interested in more licensing than developing
their games. So so but then the Comcast one is very like, I
mean, a lot of people are quick to point out, you know, the two
most hated companies in America are probably Comcast and EA. You
know, if you look at those, you know, when when it comes to
battle for the Oh, who's the worst company in the world? It's
usually those two are towards the top of the list. So it was
just together we can be the worst we'll combine our powers
of being the worst to be the even worse company. I don't
know. I'm, I'm not sure how EA would fit into that unless
Comcast to be more worse or rare, unless Comcast wants to
start publishing games. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know where
that fits in with it. Well, it's not gonna happen anyway. But it
could it could be that they just want to be purchased and then
they could still be making games but just like owned by another
company kind of like how we just had the acquisitions with some
of Square Enix's properties, where they're owned by another
company now, then they're still making games. It's just they're
not making games for Square Enix anymore. There. There's another
parent company that basically owns them. Yeah, it'd be nice
if someone threw billions of dollars your way, but
unfortunately, that's not happening right now. Would it be
like a big deal if Sony purchased them?
Um, I don't know me No, I am. But yeah, probably.
Personally, it's gonna be different for everyone. Will it
make huge news in the industry? Absolutely. But it sounds to me
and especially kind of based on you know, the the feedback of
the EA feels emboldened by the Activision Microsoft thing. I
would bet EA is trying to ask for too much money for what
they're really worth. And you kind of are pointing out that a
lot of their longtime franchises are not exactly taking a turn
for the better. And as more and more people are getting burned
out on the whole loot box thing and you see more regulation with
that when EA says this is where we make most of our money. I
think buying EA could be a dangerous prospect for many
people right now, especially now that they just lost the FIFA
license. And although I think most of us that don't think that
they net Yeah, I think that they I think with FIFA, they're just
now just licensing the football clubs.
And if you let me get to the point I would have, but most of
the, you know, the the EA stuff, they'll be fine without FIFA, I
really do think they will be. But just the fact that they are
they lost that is not a great look, you know, for a company
that's trying to sell themselves. Now they can't say
and we've got FIFA license for it, because they don't have it
anymore. You know, so I guess I think they'll be fine. Those of
us that have followed the industry in those games for a
while. Yes, they've, they've partnered with other soccer
clubs. And I really think FIFA will probably lose more from
that deal than EA will, but that's that's on them. So yeah,
they'll be fine. But I'm not sure investors see it that way.
We got this other company Konami, they're gonna make a
soccer game. It's gonna be amazing. Oh, wait.
Talk about somebody who ought to be sold. But that's a whole
nother story, I suppose. So
I must talk about a company that doesn't have anything of value
anymore.
Uh, quest buster and chat says from what I've read, the game
industry will blow past 200 billion in revenues by 2024,
which could partially explain why a company like Comcast once
an in Vivendi specialty is entertainment media like canal
plus in France, but once upon a time they owned Activision
Blizzard. Yes, it actually was not that long ago, really. So
yeah, it's very true.
S2100. Matt says I could have seen it. The EA game console
presented by Comcast, a cloud gaming console that won't be
subjected to bandwidth caps.
I hate that idea so much, but I could see it.
For sure. So
thanks. I hate it.
Thanks. I hate it. Yep, pretty much. Yeah, we'll see. I mean,
if they decide to sell. But meanwhile, there's other stuff
going on at EA, right?
Yeah, so along with that consolidation,
with the losing or not renewing their contract with FIFA, they
are now having layoffs at EA Austin, where they're dropping
200 or more customer support staff
that have been helping out with stuff there.
Again, not a great Well, I don't know sometimes
cutting back. I hate I hate to say it that way. Because, you
know, these are people that lost their jobs and so forth. But I'm
just speaking strictly like the investor side of things. Those
sort of cutbacks make a company a little more lucrative to that
sort of stuff, too.
Yeah, basically, they're taking it from in house and they're
going to be using a third party, I guess,
which means 100% full stop guaranteed customer service is
only going to get worse. Absolutely, it will get worse.
Because if you think customer service doesn't do shit for you
now, when it comes to restoring old accounts, or you were banned
inappropriately, just wait until a third party does it that
doesn't even have the proper access to
they're going to Romania and India.
They Oh, this is gonna be garbage, like, good fucking luck
for those of you that have a lot invested in EA online games. You
know, I don't know, maybe if you if you're playing Star Wars,
the old republic or something that like you're continuously
hitting EA products, or maybe dropping a lot of money on FIFA
or what have you. Good fucking luck if you need customer
service help, because that's Oh, boy, that's gonna be rough.
Anyway, let's talk about a gaming series, the dark soccer
and I talk a little bit about on this show just a tad, a little
a little bit. So we're gonna talk a little bit about dead by
daylight. But that's because there's actually a lot of news
going on with dead by daylight is that they just had their six
anniversary celebration stream, you know, kind of announcing
what's coming up for the sixth anniversary event that's
happening in June, where dark soccer kind of already
referenced, you have a new killer, you have a new survivor
that are on the public test build right now. But did you
watch the whole thing?
No, I didn't watch any of it. I only read secondhand the cliff
notes. I watched all of it. Yeah, well, I was working so I
couldn't I couldn't watch it. But I watched it after the fact.
Okay, that's cool. Yeah. Um, but I did see this trailer and
something that came a little bit out of left field a little bit
not. But I think for those that hadn't been paying attention to
every little rumor, this did come out of left field. And that
is that dead by daylight is officially launching a dating
sim. And it's called hooked on you, which is a very tongue on
tongue in cheek name. Because of course, in dead by daylight,
if you're a killer, you are placing survivors on a hook. If
you're a killer, you're a hooker. Yeah. So hooked on you
is the name of the obviously there's that play on dating.
This is being made by psy op, who made the I love you Colonel
Sanders dating sim. So you know, this is a company that got a
pedigree. Yeah, they would. They're gonna do fine with it.
They interviewed the guy behind it. And he was absolutely
hilarious. He's like, Well, I know this is normally serious
and very lethal. And we want to pay respect for that. But let's
make it silly. It was it was actually really worth watching.
That's cool. Um, yeah. And it this is just funny to me.
Because if you go to the dead by daylight, Twitter, which it has
a weird name, you would think they'd just be at dead by
daylight, but it's like, D by behavior, so dead by behavior,
bh vr. Yeah. So you have to go to that Twitter. If you look at
the replies to literally any tweet they've ever posted, the
replies will always have in the one of the first five replies
will always be when are you adding sex to dead by daylight
or sex when or when can I sex Dwight or you know, David or
whoever is the killer or survivor being posted about. And
I feel like in a way as much as this daylight, or excuse me,
this dead by daylight dating sim is funny and good news. I feel
like it's rewarding that behavior on Twitter is that all
those people not a little bit not that you're gonna have sex
in this game, but I do feel that those people are vindicated a
little bit, which kind of irritates me. So but anyway, um,
on a murderer's island, we're hooked on you takes place, you
will get to know four of the killers in the game, the trapper
huntress, wraith and spirit. And you will romance them and
apparently might be wondering which survivor Do you play as my
understanding is you play as yourself. You don't play as a
survivor. So the survivors flat out you play as an original
character. Yeah. So the survivors may show up in cameos
or something, but you're gonna play as yourself. And it's gonna
be in a locker. Yeah. And there's, you know, there's men
and women. So it's a for four people. It's a pretty diverse
lineup there. It's all dead by daylight behavior entertainment
originals. So you're not going to be romancing Mike Myers or
Freddie or any of that stuff. But I'm sure we can all
understand why, you know, those licenses only go so far, they
would have to license those care. So if this dating sim does
really well, maybe we'll get nemesis in it because it seems
like Capcom is very eager to license right now. The one thing
we haven't talked about, they also confirmed a second resident
evil DLC is on the way, which getting Ada Wong, which has not
happened for with it. Technically, they haven't
confirmed that. But wink, wink, nudge, nudge, the leakers that
said this was coming said it's Ada Wong and Wesker. And the
trailer VD leaks has been fairly accurate. And the information I
mean, it's called project W and the trailer was just screaming
that it's Wesker. So I don't see Yeah, how Yeah, so I'm sure I'm
sure it is Ada Wong. It's a bummer. I don't I guess it's not
to though. It's just Oh, no, it is to it's somebody from
Resident Evil zero. It's another feet. Rebecca or something
right was the other way back chambers. She's actually was in
the first Resident Evil. Okay, okay. My bad. She was when you
played through Chris's game. She was his kind of sidekick back
and forth. And played the piano for that one scene and and she
was though in another game with was it Carlos? Some other guy.
Oh, she's also in zero says Mike Depp. Okay, so we're both
right. That's my fan. Um, it's I'm a little bummed that Chris
is not going to be a fully fledged character. He's always
just going to be an alternate Leon, but whatever. I guess you
can't win them all. So. But yeah, so there's another
Resident Evil DLC coming. Also, I really wanted the killer to be
Lady Dimitrescu. And I know I know Wesker. I know Wesker is
maybe a third one show. Yeah, maybe a third one since
apparently Capcom is, you know, bargain basementing that out
right now. But I imagine it's I imagine that DLC sold really
well. And it's probably done a lot for you know, people love
it. So I think probably sees the win there. Don't forget about
the other news with that they're going to be doing revamps to
RuPaul's Drag Station. Oh, the Raccoon City Police Department,
the worst map. Yeah, that needs that is not the worst map. It's
my favorite map to play on his pig and Freddie as the worst map
for a survivor, I think. Well, I don't know. No, a lot of
survivors love it because they it's like a terrible map for
because of the library. That's it because of the library. But
I love getting RPD as pig. It's like my favorite thing is
getting RPD as pig. So well, how do you feel that they're
reworking it? Because it might not go and, you know, I know you
love to do the extra trap and all that stuff to get survivors
in that map, but they may
did actually play this trap or two and it was pretty fun. But
I think that I want them to keep this original layout like they
have but if they do other maps that you have a chance to get
that maybe have different things restricted or different openings
or different pathways, you know, kind of like how there's like
what 50,000 versions of batam. Yeah. And they all are pretty
much the fucking same. I think this is gonna be more of that. I
honestly do. Oh, there's more pulsing shit everywhere. Oh,
this there's a tentacle in the wall. Oh, I'm so scared. Oh, no.
Oh, this one doesn't have the hole in the wall from the
helicopter. Ooh.
I would like to see another Silent Hill DLC. But I don't
know what other killer they could put. Because they made the
most obvious one a survivor.
I would want them to do like the original mansion. I know it's
too big, but I would like for them to do like different areas
of the mansion. Cool. Cool. From the first Resident Evil. And if
they did a Silent Hill one, I would want it to be the mall
that Heather is trapped in in Silent Hill three. It's just
the room Cheryl, Heather, Cheryl, whatever.
Now, um, I don't know if we have a release date for hooked on
you. We just know it's Oh, later this summer. That's what
we know. And that it's coming to steam. So I don't think we have
any other platforms yet. But you know, the going theory is July.
Yeah. Which would make sense. That's right around their
anniversary and all that stuff. Now, Loki, I know you don't get
into Dead by Daylight the same way Dark Soccer and I do. But I
have to ask, could a dating sim sell you on Dead by Daylight?
No.
Why not? You're no fun.
I don't really play dating sims. So that wouldn't really
maybe your wife would get into Dead by Daylight. Probably not.
All right. Dark Soccer. I'm sure you'll be sure I'm sure every
Dead by Daylight streamer you and I both know will be
streaming this but I'm sure you're going to stream it as
well. Oh, hell yeah. Yeah. All right. Coming whenever they
finish it, I guess. All right. In the meantime, I'm sure it's
pretty much done. What I want to do those I want to see it
actually be successful. So that they bring out more characters.
Yeah, DLC.
Do you remember when I was into the guy I can't remember what
company it was had the dating sim but I played all the
Homestuck characters. And it was all web based. And they took it
down. I was really mad and I paid for it too. Well, and if it
does, I can't remember the name.
I was just gonna say if it does well, DBD will probably cross
over into other types of games too. I mean, this
Namco Hi, thank you, Dark Tessa.
This is hot on the heels of the Dead by Daylight board game too.
So, you know, which I ordered this. And I think if that does
well, and this does well, I think you're just going to see
DVD as a franchise grow into other places too. Which could be
interesting.
Maybe Loki, would you play the Dead by Daylight board game with
us? Maybe I want to do a live play of the board game when mine
arrives.
I'll try it. Yeah, we could do that. I'll try it.
And I ordered the full set.
Do you think it'll get here before the 20th anniversary?
That would be awesome if it did. I know. polyester did a video
about the orders, but I'd have to check the site to see when
the they're planning on shipping. Okay. All right. I'm
excited about it.
Well, in the meantime, let's move on to a completely
different headline from dark Sakura.
Yeah, so, uh, you know, and this is actually coming in light of
all of this bullshit coming from faux news about, oh, we're gonna
blame, you know, video game violence, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, same shit, different year, you know, but there is a study
that's out. This is that children could have a boost to
their intelligence by playing video games. So the study was on
American children between nine and 10 years old who spent more
time playing that when they spent more time playing video
games, they experienced a significant increase in their
intelligence stores. When retested two years later,
amounting to an extra 2.5 IQ points above the average. They
said that basically, other forms of screen time were also tested
such as watching videos, chatting on social media, and
they had neither a positive nor negative effect on
intelligence. For the record, the the study had zero funding
from anyone in the video game industry. They said that they
they did not examine the effects of screen behavior on physical
activities, sleep, mental well being or school performance. But
when just testing intelligence, that was the result. And it was
across the board. Um, I'm going to actually read this this quote
on here. And this is actually from Torkel Klingberg, who is a
professor of cognitive neuroscience at the Karolinska
Institute in Stockholm. Our result, our results support the
claim that screen time generally doesn't impair children's
cognitive abilities, and that playing video games actually
helps boost intelligence. This is consistent with several
experimental studies of video game playing. So the analysis
was on more than 9000 boys and girls. And it was on a long
term study. Like I said, there were there were two years that
they were all retested. And when they were nine to 10, they went
through different psychological tests to gauge their general,
you know, mental capacity, what their level of intelligence was,
you know, they were also asked how much time they spent
watching TV playing video games and on social media. On average,
they spent about two and a half hours a day watching TV, a half
hour on social media and one hour playing video games. Two
years later, 5000 of the children repeated the
psychological tests, and that they showed that kids who played
more than the average hour of video games wound up with higher
intelligence scores than the kids who spent less time playing
video games. And what they're thinking is that it provides
what what they're referring to as enriched environments, and
requires them to tackle tasks that they would not do every
day. For example, active strategy, planning, quick
executive decision making. The more that someone plays the
games, they build the neural pathways that establish the
their adaptation to those particular skills. And we know
that that's actually how the mind learns a skill is that it
forms a neural pathway that outlines this is how you do it.
I mean, it's where we get muscle memory from, for example, is
because that's formed that that connection with with the body to
just know how to do it. And another quote on here, who is an
associate professor of psychiatry, Charles R. Drew
University of Medicine and Science in Los Angeles. That's
Dr. Anish Dubey, I think is how it's pronounced. But he says
that the more someone practices or plays these video games, the
more they reinforce the neural pathways involved in
accomplishing the objectives of the game. And those same neural
pathways may be involved in other types of real world
decision making that factor into our measure of intelligence.
Video games by design, require focus and attention to the
content presented and strategizing in the moment.
Whereas it's easy to watch something on television without
paying much attention to the content. If you watch a segment
on television and miss something you do not lose, and you can
still infer the missing parts based on the remaining
narrative. This would be harder to do in video games. So now
they're also talking about now of doing other studies where
they're want to find correlation between video game and mental
health after two years. And if it all if an improvement in
intelligence also correlates to better mental health. I have
learned that the smarter I get, more depressed I get, because I
understand that things are shitty. That that's just an
aside. But I mean, look at look at a lot of us, you know, how
many of us basically had a controller in our hand when we
were, you know,
little Yeah, I was gonna I was gonna say like, we all grew up
with video games. And I think we've heard for many years, you
know, video games are going to rot your brain. Yet most of us
that grew up on these games, we all turned out pretty
intelligent, you know, like, you know, and I don't know to what
extent the games are to thank for that. But they definitely
didn't rot our brains like we were told they were going to.
I would think it also depends on the genre of game that someone
typically plays. But definitely puzzle games, especially the
ones that are timed, and things like Pio Pio, or even Tetris,
you're learning your spatial awareness, along with quick
decision making. And then you have things that are like, like
people who play the strategy games, that's teaching to look
beyond an immediate circle and look for long term effect. You
know, at least that's what where I'm going with this part of it.
Those are just inferences that I've made.
I think many of us that grew up on video games played a variety
of games, you know, sure, we had our favorites, I'm sure, but we
played a probably a variety of games. I think it goes back to
you were talking about that, you know, the tasks are something
that these kids are doing, and that their brain is kind of
constantly moving, because the games are giving them these
different tasks. And probably, again, depending on the type of
game you're playing, it's in cases, yeah, is what sort of
tasks it is. Whereas I would bet the control group that didn't
play the games, probably was watching television, and just
absorbing whatever was being put at them. And there was no task
to complete, you're just absorbing someone else's story.
Now, if you want to argue difference between ambient and
active, well, now, if you want to argue that maybe kids were
going out and playing sports instead, or something like that,
then that's all fine and good. And that's probably really good
for someone's physical health. But you know, a good a good
coordination, sure, reflex time, but it's there's not a variety
of tasks the way there are in games. And you know that between
the strategy game and the the that would exercise your brain,
you're certainly getting the physical activity, but not the
I think, while there is a cognitive element that's
involved in playing a game, usually it's not the player
that's having to make the plan. It's the coach or whoever who's
looking over the thing, making the plan, and sending out the
players to do that. Now the player has to execute whatever
task that they're doing. And yes, there's going to be, you
know, like, I'll just use like, baseball, there's aiming,
there's spatial awareness, there's force, there's knowing
how to a little bit of physics involved in it, in it with
hitting directions and whatnot. But in the end, they have a
particular task that they're executing, and they're limited
within that task that they're executing. Same with football,
if you're given a play, you know that your job is to cover this
person's ass while they run with a ball, or your job is to take
said ball and run like hell and make sure that no one pounds
your head into the dirt.
I would think even with an individualized sport like
tennis, it's still, you know, you still have a tennis coach,
but who's teaching you how to play it, but you're kind of
going through the same motion, right? You're going through the
same motions, pretty much. And again,
Your end goal is the same every single time that you do it.
And I'm not knocking physical sports for kids. That's fine. As
long as you know, it's a positive environment and
everything, because we've all seen some scary shit at Little
League games. But as long as it's a positive and supportive
environment, I'm all for it. Because you know, I think a good
mix is probably the best, but I'm just kind of illustrating.
It doesn't have the same level of cognitive stimulation.
The mental. Yeah, so it's just interesting. So I'm glad science
is out there to prove. I'm sure that won't matter to a lot of
people, but it's nice to still have some of the science and
studies behind it for sure.
It absolutely is. I'm going to send it to my mom and tell her
this is why I'm smart.
There. There you go. And I think that's what most people will be
doing with this article this week. Those of us like us who
grew up on games and
Hey, Mom, look,
we're told they were gonna rot our brain, or that I told violent
video games, we're gonna, you know, unwind us or whatever it
was. So
now I'm, I think that one other thing that that I would like to
see, and it's too late to do it now. Because I mean, of course,
those times are long past. But I would be interested to see how
earlier types of gaming, like, you know, growing up a pinball.
I, I don't think that and now keep in mind, I love pinball. I
love to play pinball. I think that you still have some of that
still same limited strategy that you wouldn't have in say, going
through a game where you're solving multiple puzzles and
working through a narrative. Yeah. And I hate to say it,
because I mean, there's there's some new pinball tables out
there that have a lot of good challenges and everything. But
in the end, it's flipper plus ball, you know, meets target.
All right. Well, let's move on to a game that has a lot of
people thinking right, Loki.
Yeah. So, you know, I think we've always been wondering if
there's gonna be a sequel for Death Stranding coming. And I
kind of figured that if there was going to be a sequel coming
for that, then I mean, we're gonna find out about it with
some sort of event starring Jeff Keighley. You know, I mean, we
have one right around the corner. So it only makes sense
if there was going to be an announcement that that might be
coming. But apparently, it's been sort of acknowledged by
Norman Reedus. Basically saying that, um, yeah, I don't know if
he's, you know, he's necessarily confirmed it, but
there's a lot of like, weird, like, tweets and stuff going
around, like, Hideo Kojima has got playing looks like action
figures and stuff like that. And then of course, you know, he
said, you know, quick, okay, so you've got a book going on,
you've got final season coming out, and then a spin off, and
you're filming Death Stranding, the video game. I'm saying, you
know, we just started the second one. And this was, I
believe, in an interview that he was talking about for the
upcoming book, The Ravaged. So he was talking about like the
stuff that he's working on right now. So
so he slipped. I mean, a lot of a lot of these pre work has to
be done in advance. He slipped. They're not going to sue Norman
Reedus over a broken NDA. They're not going to do it like
he probably didn't mean to spoil it. But he probably Norman
Reedus probably doesn't follow the industry because he's he's
an actor trying to do movies and that type of stuff. He
probably doesn't follow the industry close enough to know
there's a very specific timetable when you announce
things that it does. So he slipped up, you made a mistake,
whatever, like, it's just it. And nothing will happen to him
as a result. And you know, ultimately, now it's just okay,
well, that secrets out. But I would
I love the response. So once this news kind of came out,
Hideo Kojima posts, go to your private room, my friend. He has
like a bat, a picture of the bat with barbed wire. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So Kojima basically confirming it. But what's weird about I'm
not shocked that there's a sequel to Death Stranding. I'm
not shocked about that. But a lot of talk with Kojima lately
has been what is he working on now? Isn't he working on a
scary game? Isn't there something kind of new that he's
doing? And you know, the IP silent hell that won't go away.
It would be weird if like all this time, it just turns out,
oh, he's working on a Death Stranding sequel. I'm not saying
that's bad, because Death Stranding was an interesting
game. And it came out at a really good time for that sort
of story. But it just it's just it would just be a weird
conclusion to all this Kojima mystery of the last few years.
It would be a little unusual. But also, you mean, what do we
do nowadays in the game industry? We we make sequels.
True. So well, and that's not to say Kojima can't work on two
things at once. And especially when we're talking about
designing for what is now current gen systems. I'm sure
they have to get all the motion capture of Norman Reedus locked
in way sooner rather than later to get him rendered. And in the
game, you know, if he's the primary character, again, they
got to get all that work done. I mean, this game could still be
years out. And he's involved now. Absolutely. There's no
reason why that can't be the case. So it's not to say Kojima
can't work on two games at once. It's just, I don't think
this was the one they plan to announce at Keeley's next event.
So probably not. Yeah. Let's see Questbuster in chat says on the
other hand, Reedus might be playing Kojima's long PR game
like a damn fiddle. Maybe suggesting that there was a
little bit of malice, maybe playful malice. I don't think
yeah, Reedus is in the interest of actually hurting Kojima.
He's still not dressing up in full was it full body cast
makeup again.
But you know, I could see that maybe he trolls Kojima by
announcing it early because like, what's gonna happen? What
are you gonna do? So what people know about the game early? So
what when you get do stab me? Yeah, big game get sequel. Tell
me something I don't know. But I think for a lot of us that you
know, follow the releases about. It's just I think I guess I can
really only speak for myself. I'm surprised that Death
Stranding sequel would be next potentially. I just thought
there was something else happening. But there's it's it's
also very possible something else got canceled. It's happened
before. So who knows? All right, moving on. Let's talk about what
I think is very interesting with this whole PlayStation. You
know, the PlayStation Plus is getting redone. And we actually
know what some of the PlayStation Plus releases are
going to be we know what some of the classics are that when
the service rolls out in on June 13. For the Americas. I think
it's even sooner for Japan. I think Japan gets it this
weekend. So we know some of the classics. So we know that for
example, PlayStation one and PlayStation portable. These are
the classics you will get if you subscribe to that highest tier.
ape escape, hotshots golf, IQ intelligent cube, jumping flash,
siphon filter, super stardust portable, Mr. driller tech and
two worms world party worms are Armageddon. And that's it 10
games. Now, I'm not saying that list is bad by any means. But I
know when I heard this news, I was like, wait a damn minute.
Didn't they say in their press release, they were going to have
up to 350 classic games that were playable. Now, sure, I see
that there are PlayStation two games and PlayStation three
games. Sure, you add it all up, it's maybe 50. It's not 350. So
I guess maybe it's a long game. And many people on Twitter when
I made a sassy tweet about this many people on Twitter were
quick to correct me and say, this is a first look list. This
is a preliminary list. This is not the finalized list. Okay,
counterpoint. This is out next week in Japan. The time for
first look is past. This is now the time for a deep look, an
intimate look a further look, because this is what they're
trying to get people to buy. And if it's 10 games, that's not my
first now here's where I'm going to start to kind of scale back
my reaction. Because when I heard this list on Monday, I was
like, that is sad. That's sadder than what Nintendo launched
their switch online with and you see how much shit they get for
that, right? That is the 10 for the PS one. That's sad. But then
a second part of this came out where I'm like, Oh, this is why
it's only 10. And that is that the PS classic games are going
to now have trophies. Remember, they didn't have trophies near
the PlayStation one. But a tweet where Ben studio shared a clip
of siphon filter showed a new trophy and explosive start
available in the PlayStation one classic. And Ben studio actually,
the design manager there, Eric Jensen said in a tweet
responding to a fan, he helped out with a few of the trophies,
mostly naming. And there's apparently a platinum trophy
called excellent work agent, which assumably would be what
you get when you unlock all of the other trophies. Ah, so this
explains now it's just trophies. And you know, some people may
feel stronger about trophies than others. But now I
understand why it's taken so long for them to because now
they're actually having they're not just slapping an emulator on
it and putting it out on the service Nintendo. But they're
actually going back and trying to add more flags for trophies
and maybe other stuff too. We'll see when it comes out. Maybe some
types of filtering. I don't know. But I'm not really
counting on any of that. I still think it was wrong of them to
promote 350 games. Even if that is their plan to get there in
three years. That's not where they're at this week when it
launches in Japan. So I don't know. We'll see. I don't know
when you hear about all this. The 10 games and all this stuff.
I'm looking at chat now. Finally, Bobby Blackwell says up
to 350 games. Yeah. Okay. I think we all know the use of up
to was a little little bit of a stretch here. Just a tad. Just a
tad. Um, Mike Deaf says trophies for PlayStation One games is
pretty cool. Yeah, it is pretty cool. Let's see. And Mike Deaf
says we're also not paying around $80 a year for the
PlayStation Plus service. And not to mention that even Nintendo
was criticized for having so little games in the service. I
thought you were paying $80 for the highest level PlayStation
Plus. Isn't it something like 120 a year or something like
that? So I don't know. Anyway, I could be wrong. I don't have all
that. The PlayStation Plus, unfortunately, it's a little
complicated. And I don't have the chart in front of me right
now that shows how much every level costs. But I'm not I'm not
sure these 10 games are worth it to me to get the highest level
of PlayStation Plus. I was already a little bit like a but
now after seeing this list, I'm like, Nah, I don't want it. I
don't need it.
It's just our stupid PlayStation Now stuff. I just don't I'm not
interested in that stuff.
Yeah. Dark Sakura trophies. Do they matter? Is it incentive? Or
nah? No. No. And I think that just depends on the gamer. Some
people love the trophy chase the trophy hunt. I would love to see
something like trophies in the Nintendo collection. Not that I
would necessarily want to chase them all. But I think it would
be fun to have like your little digital certificate, your
digital badge, your little proof that yes, I beat Metroid without
using codes or whatever. Kid Icarus will be even bigger one.
I beat Kid Icarus without using codes or whatever it is. I think
that would be fun. But I also don't count on Nintendo to get
by that there was another Reggie interview that came out where
somebody asked him why did Nintendo take so damn long to
come to the table with online? And it's the answer most of us
had assumed for many years. Japan didn't understand that
that that it was more of a need in the US and Europe is basically
extremely paraphrasing what Reggie said. You can go look at
that up for yourself if you want. But yeah, just on a
related note, continue to drag their feet on that, I guess.
Mike Deft says, Yeah, I think it's over 100. But it's
different in Mexico and Latin America or Mike Deft is that
than it is for the US because they don't have PlayStation now
there. And that is true is that, you know, a lot of countries,
notably Australia, aren't going to have the same type of
PlayStation Plus because they can't do the cloud streaming.
For whatever reason, it's just not built to support that the
infrastructure of Sony in those countries or whatever.
Interesting.
All right. Meanwhile, there's a very interesting headline that's
getting a lot of attention Dark Sakura.
Well, um, we actually brought this up kind of last week, I
think talking about Xbox and how they're selling in Japan. And it
turns out that for the first time in eight years, the Xbox
has outsold PlayStation in Japan this past week. The Xbox Series
S alone outsold the PS5 and PS5 digital edition by about 3,
3,800 units. So however, I mean, it's it's a rare occurrence. And
I think that some of this has to do with system availability and
whatnot. So one other thing also to keep in mind, too, is that it
hadn't had the best support by Microsoft in in Japan before, but
now they're having a lot more successful series of sales with
this particular system. Simply because of the rollout of Game
Pass for both console and PC in Japan in April 2020. So they've
seen a lot more player activity than any other time in Xbox
history in Japan. And that they're also thinking that the
acquisition of Tango Gameworks is going to be a very big step
toward achieving a better market share in Japan. Phil Spencer is
actually saying that they intend to take better care of Japanese
players and and really make sure that they have, you know, they
have a place in that aspect of the gaming industry that their
their needs are being catered to that games are coming out that
they'd want to play. I think it's I think it's good. I mean,
yeah, it could be due to availability, but it is what it
is. It's actually worth mentioning.
Yeah, no, for sure. You know, and last week there. Yeah,
right. This topic came up last week. There was no fact behind
it to back it up until what we have here tonight. But we had a
caller on the show last week who said, you know, I was saying
the Xbox is a non factor in Japan. And that's just the way
it is. And somebody said, No, it's wrong. It's selling. Yeah,
I was wrong. I commit that I whoops. And this this headline
sure, sure made a humble person out of me. It is what it is.
Now, I, again, I think this just makes a nice headline because,
yes, and I agree with Zen monkey 11. And Chad is saying, that's
because people can't find PlayStation fives. It's not like
they sold, I think a better, a more impactful headline, I guess
would have been if the Xbox sold a lot of units, you know, out
of but they didn't, they still didn't sell all things
considered that many units, but I didn't think they were hardly
selling any. And apparently, Microsoft is starting to catch
on in Japan a little more again. And now you kind of
brought up game pass. I know undertale recently got
localized to Japanese audiences, I think. So I think there's just
a lot of stuff now that probably game passes leveraging. And I
think that it's interesting that it's the Xbox s, and not the x.
So it's, it's probably that lower price for the s, combined
with the fact that it's a game pass system. And it's it's
turning some heads in Japan. I still don't think it's, you
know, I think we put the lifetime sales next to Sony and
Nintendo, it's still not where you know, a competitive system
ought to be. But this headline certainly shows that there's
potential there for Microsoft to grow. And maybe all is not lost,
I would say with Microsoft in Japan, as I had assumed last
week. So props to Phil Spencer on that victory and that
headline, even if maybe a chip shortage was to thank for it. In
part still, I think the fact that they sold as many as they
did is still a long way from where they were even what 510
years ago. All right. Well, moving on, Loki.
Yep. So speaking about Xbox, there's this cool new patent
that is coming out, talking about how I don't know if this
necessarily goes back to when they announced the Xbox one and
that type of stuff. But remember, that was supposed to
be almost like a digital only console at one time, but now
they have a way that they're saying they're going to be able
to validate your physical media to unlock digital copies of the
game. So if I have like a physical version of, you know,
Grand Theft Auto four, something like that, then somehow, it'll
be able to scan that disk and authenticate a digital copy of
the game for me since you know, they may in the future not be
able to play those games on the drives that they have, like the
Blu-ray drives might not be able to handle it or something like
that. So I'm not necessarily sure how it's going to work. But
sounds interesting.
I can tell you it's gonna work. Jason outlined it a little bit
in the intro. Well, we don't know for sure. But I'm, I would
guess absolutely, they're going to leverage Windows 11. They're
going to leverage Windows 11. And what they're going to do is
they're going to build something into that that will decrypt the
Xbox disks the same way the system does. And it'll know Yep,
this is a valid copy of this disk. And while you're signed
into this account here on your PC, and the disk is in the
drive, we know you have the game and now it's available on your
Xbox in your account. That's, that's, I would bet that's what
they're going to do is they're going to leverage, you know, the
market share of Windows 11 to make that happen.
Hope it's not I hope I don't need a disk drive in my computer
to be able to
true because we're starting to see less and less of those are
as most nobody has, you know, optical drives anymore. I still
have one.
You would be surprised. Trust me. I hear about it all the
time. There's trust me, there's annoying
still a lot of people that kind of rely on it for I have these
old photo CDs, or I have drivers that you know, what if I don't
have internet and I need something, you know, like, the
drive now is just for backup purposes, even though Yeah, I
guess a USB drive can also be, you know, a big thing. But you
can also get a drive, you can get a DVD drive, that is USB, or
Blu ray drive that is USB if you really wanted it.
So but without outing where I work,
I get plenty of I need to burn this Blu ray disc, I need to
burn this DVD, and it needs to be a video disc. And there are a
lot of people who are still using it as an active media
trade source.
A lot of folks in chat are kind of lighting up about like Bobby
Blackwell says you can't get a gaming PC case with a drive bay
anymore. DJRMS says I want to buy a new PC case, but so many
new and fancy ones do not have spots for optical drives. Well,
I guess I'm giving away how old my computer is. I am looking to
replace it. It's a few years old at this point. But yeah, and not
that an optical drive is something I'm looking for. But
this is a very interesting patent that might change that
conversation a little bit where I'm like, Oh, maybe I want an
external USB drive. I mean, we'll see. And then someone else
in chat, I think as Joe and under Matt said, not gonna lie, I
wish Sony had this patent. It's not to say Sony couldn't do it.
They'd have to pay Microsoft to do it at this point, but they
could do it. And you might kind of laugh at that prospect. But
how does Microsoft have the Blu ray player? Because guess who
has a stake in Blu ray right now. So Microsoft has to pay
Sony to have a Blu ray player on their device. There could be an
interesting exchange there. Hmm.
But bear in mind, though, a patent does not reflect reality.
That is true, too. There's patents for things all the time
that never end up happening. And yeah, lots of that stuff, or
they change significantly and so forth. Absolutely. But it is
I'll give you an example. Sega VR. Mm hmm. They had working
units never came out. Well, partly because they were causing
migraines because the sync between player movement and
backgrounds would disconnect and gave people seizures. But that's
another story.
Pod culture and chat says yeah, Microsoft back to the wrong
format in that war. I they didn't have a choice. You know,
again, Sony had a stake in Blu ray. So they weren't going to
especially you know, when it was about being that definitive
living room device, they were not going to use their pay their
competitor to they were going to leverage HD DVD. The mistake
Microsoft made was not having HDVD players in every single
Xbox that was that it was a separate accessory. That was the
problem because that's how PlayStation made DVDs as
impactful as they were is that they were on every PlayStation
two they sold was also a DVD player. And you got to think way
back that's how DVDs became the thing was the PS two. And then
how to Blu rays win that war PlayStation three. So it's Yep, I
think my I just say, you know, yeah, yeah, Microsoft did back
the wrong format. I would just say they didn't have a choice. I
think it's just the poorly timed implementation that didn't work.
And you know, and by the time it was about the Xbox one, while it
was done, the victor had been decided porn went to Blu ray and
it was over. So interesting, Bobby Blackwell says one of the
reasons they backed HD DVD was because they wanted both to
lose. So streaming and digital would win. Ah, that's also
clever to split the market. Perhaps. All right, let's move
on. Let's talk about a game I've played a little bit here in a
little bit thereof. It's Pokemon go and Pokemon go who boy. You
know, I feel like every other month on the show, we're talking
about Niantic made a change and their player base doesn't like
it. Well, guess what? They did it again. They made another
change and the player base doesn't like it. And it has to
do with scaling back the remote raid passes. So they were giving
away remote raid Pat. Well, they weren't giving them away. But it
was they were giving away because they were doing these
one pokey coin bundles every week was giving you a remote
raid pass. I don't know when they started that. But it wasn't
more than a year ago. This wasn't something they started at
the beginning of the pandemic. But they started doing it about
a year ago, I would say is when they started giving away those
remote raid passes. And they said they were going to do it
every week in the in the bundles. Well, they're going to
stop. They're not going to give you remote raid passes for free
and bundles and or you know what I mean for one coin, which is
practically free. So that's gone. And as they did that, they
have upped the cost of the remote raid passes in a bundle
anyway, most people were by a one remote raid pass will cost
you 100 coins. Three used to cost you 250. But you got that
discount, right? Guess what three now cost you 300. So there
is no point to buying those raid passes in bulk. And that was a
change. They just made it. It's already live in the game. It's a
done deal. And yes, you can earn coins for free in the game. If
you do the gym meta, but you can only earn 50 coins a day. So you
don't you can't remote raid every day. You can only remote
raid twice a week, basically. So or, you know, once every other
day, I don't know anyway, what they're also trying to do. And
basically, why is it that they're doing this? Because
America has decided COVID is over and they're just following
suit. Notice how I phrase I didn't say COVID is over I said
America decided COVID is over. There's a big difference. Niantic
is also trying to push people to raid in person again, by getting
the rewards for in person rating to be sweeter. So you get more
not just rare candy when you do those raids, but you get rare XL
candies, which are very hard to come by. I don't think anybody's
upset with that change. Plus, you know, it Pokemon go rating,
either everybody's sitting in their own car and doing it that
way. Or at least it's outdoors. And you don't have to really be
close to people to do it. You know, I've done plenty of my
remote or excuse me, plenty of my own Pokemon raid in the day.
And I would see even in the era of COVID. It's a pretty safe
thing to do compared to most things. However, I just think
what kind of sucks here. And I think what a lot of you know,
the players don't like is that it's not that they're just
adding something. It's that they're also taking something
away with no warning. I think if they have just added the
incentives to get out there and do it in person, then they would
motivate more people to go out there and do it in person,
especially the XL candy, but to take away with these remote
raids. And I think it's just a matter of time before they flip
that switch if they didn't already. But remote raids are
supposed to be weaker. You're not supposed to be able to do
as much damage in remote raids. So even though today you might
be able to take out what a tapu fini I think is the latest
legendary that's in the game. You can take that out with four
people in a remote raid. You're not supposed to be able to do
that. It's supposed to be weaker. And I imagine it's just
a matter of time before they flip that switch too. So yeah,
and Mike Defton chat says yeah, Niantic lack of communication
toward the player base is what hurts the game more than
anything. And this is the part where we sit here going. They
just supposedly learn their lesson. Like not even three
months ago, when we had this whole discussion about changing
the radius of the pokey stop, and they they tried to shrink it
back to 40, which would match what Pikmin and Ingress have.
But again, because you're taking something away that you put in
there and you I think they had kind of said would always be
there. The player base lost their fucking mind and held
their feet to the fire over it. And they had to reverse course
and say, we'll listen in the future. We'll listen. Well, this
just shows they're not listening. And that's what's
incredibly frustrating for some people. Now, I don't know how
many people are going to go to the great lengths that are
necessary to really make your point and delete the fucking
game. If it's that. And I will say our own Pokemon nerd resident
nerd Shane who's come on the show several times. He's told me
he's deleted the game from his phone and he's done with it.
Like between this, the reduced incense spawns living in a rural
area. He's just like, Pokemon go just isn't for me. And he
deleted it off his phone. So I mean, it'll take a lot of people
to do that. I think for Niantic to really shape shift their
shift course and do that whole thing. So but in the meantime,
let's see what are some other comments here? Oh, there are new
social features that are supposed to be coming to the
game in the next few months. Oh, yeah. I got an invite to a
Niantic social app. So it's interesting because the whole
social stuff is already built into ingress. But I guess
because I'm an ingress player, maybe they even know I'm a
heavy user. I don't know. I got invited through because you
know, it's not it's not quote unquote, easy to beta stuff on
an apple compared to Android because on Android, they just
kind of put it up as a beta but an apple you have to be invited
by the publisher to something called test flight in order to
be able to attest and that's what I got through Niantic is a
test flight version of the Niantic social app. Now, they
didn't make me sign anything. So I tweeted about it. I was like,
here's what it looks like. But and then they added a splash
screen to the game that says reminder, this is confidential.
And you're not just put anything out there on apps. And
I'm like, Okay, look, if you want to know what the Niantic
social is, download ingress because it is completely in the
ingress game already, completely in the game already. So it's I
don't know what they're keeping so secret about this app. I also
don't know why they're building a separate app for it, and not
just putting it into Pokemon go. But somebody I was talking to
had a really good take on why is that maybe the Pokemon company
won't allow it. That you know, there's only because you know,
the Pokemon company kind of has to own a lot of the stuff that
goes the Pokemon go. And maybe they're not allowing Niantic to
put their social app in there. So they have to kind of do their
own thing. I'm going to try to I'm trying to show you without
like giving away where I live. Okay, I zoomed way in so you
can't really let me turn the map a little bit. Okay, I zoomed
way in here. So all you have to I'll show you the bottom half
the screen, all you have to do if you hit the little button in
ingress, and you go to the social, which is right in the
middle. And keep in mind, I'm not breaking any rules. I'm not
showing their app or anything I'm showing. There is oops, I
got to make sure I'm not zoomed in too far on the dot. I don't
care if it shows the neighborhood that I don't want
it to show exact house. There's the Niantic social app. It's
built in ingress. So if you want to know what's coming, just
download ingress. It's right there in the game. So um, and
why is Niantic doing that? Probably because they're seeing
how much of their community is going to discord and slack and
telegram and group me and all of those apps. And they're like,
Hey, we want to have a little piece of that. So there it is.
Mike Defton chat says this is actually really good for stuff
like that. The group I was in for ingress used to use Google
Hangouts back in the day. Yeah, back in the day until they
retired that but yeah, oh yeah, I used to love Google Hangouts
for that stuff. Mike Defton chat says the social app looks like a
discord server and it looks so bad pretty much it looks like
just a pretty cheap knockoff of discord. So I don't I don't know
like what special thing is going to really draw people to the
app, but we'll see. So anyway, Mike Defton says they use
Facebook Messenger where they're at. Interesting. All right,
anyway. That's what they're doing in Pokemon Go. Will they
reverse the remote raid price change? Probably not if people
don't stop buying them. So if you if you are pissed off about
these changes, you have to stop buying remote raid passes.
That's the only way this is going to change. Tapu Fini can
even be shiny anyway. I don't know why people will people
aren't rating him. I've gotten to raid him once with a remote
raid pass. And this this is the part that pisses me off. Then he
ran away. That's the part that I like I connected with every
single ball and the fucker still ran away. That's what that's the
enraging part. I don't you know if it's 100 coins to do it,
whatever. But I literally got nothing for doing it. Except some
stardust and thanks for playing. Silly
and frustration. Don't forget that part.
Yes, I got frustration. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome.
Speaking of frustration, let's talk about some old school video
games because I you know what a lot of those were really
frustrating.
Now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive
into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And this is a very unique kind of pick for tonight, isn't it?
It is. So and I do hope that you skip around a little bit in the
video. Sure. I meant to do an edited version. That's okay. I'll
skip that a little bit. But I picked a Bobo's Big Adventure,
which was a freeware parody flash game. It came out January
11th, 2012 to play on any browser that would support
flash. So the whole the basically the point is, is that
you are a Bobo and you're trying to rescue your son. What was his
name? Like a boy boy, I think was his name. That's cute. Yeah.
But at any rate, you have to go through like different video
games with like different characters mixed around. And so
each of the sub games have different names. You have Double
Drabobo, Super Mabobo, Urban Chabobo, Zelda Bobo, Balloona
Bobo, Pro Rabobo, Mega Mabobo, and Contra Bobo and Puncha
Bobo. So you have to use your directional keys to do your
movement, you know, A and S are different actions. So like, like
for example, the first one you're going through, and you
know, beating people up, there's a Goomba that shows up, you know.
All of the levels are a single level except for Contra Bobo. I
mean, because Contra is like that. But yeah, you have to
rescue a Bobo. That's his name, a Bobo, who gets, you know,
beaten up in like the beginning of Double Dragon. And then you
go through the different places until you end with Puncha Bobo
where you run into Doc from Punch Out. And big spoiler,
Little Mac is the bad guy. And then you have to decapitate him
with a Power Glove. But it was all a dream. So it references so
many different games in there. It's pretty funny. But the game
actually started development in 2002 by the founder of iMakari,
Roger Barr, who wanted to make it his first full length Flash
game, and you know, show his favorite NES character a Bobo.
He worked with a programmer named Bain and they did some
early levels. It was delayed though for a while, especially
when a game that was very similar called Domo-kun's Angry Smash
Fest came out. But with the help of Nick Pasto of Pestoforce and
Pox of the Pox Box, they started over in 2006 and just went going
and tried to keep it along with, you know, standard NES
programming styles. And so they they mixed up the characters and
they did all kinds of different stuff. And then they had the
Flash version working and they revealed the first three levels
in 2009 at San Diego Comic Con with a NES controller, the way it
was intended. They had a cabinet, everything there. And then in
2010, they had a free to play cabinet with a sort with a NES
homage joystick area with artwork done by Jeff Bandelin of
Newgrounds. And then it got delayed again in 2011. And then
finally, a bar took the game with him on a comedy tour that he
was invited to go with. And then the trailer came out. And then
after a bunch of and basically the trailer was a response to
donations that they got. And then they started working on a
smaller game called a Bobo Small Adventure for anyone who donated.
And then on January 11, 2012, it was released on Newgrounds. And
it had a tutorial how to play it with a with a NES controller.
There's a downloadable version of the game. And they want to
actually keep having the cabinet out there. The game was pretty
well received. It went Newgrounds 2012 game of the year
game spy gave them some kudos. They called it the mother of all
8-bitch 8-bitch 8-bit. I try to say homage. The mother of all
8-bit homage flash video games. GameZone called it part parody
and part tribute. They said that it's the story isn't cheesy, but
is all kinds of badass. That is a quote. Wired said it was an 8-bit
parody done right. So all along the board and the thing the
biggest compliment is that Kishimoto Yoshihisa, who is the
creator of Double Dragon, said in a Polygon interview that he
was supportive and loved the game. You know, it's even been
given some of its parody even was said to have blurred the
line and go into the Dadaist expression. I thought that was
pretty funny. It is it does have some surreal moments like like
the whole part for me is the underwater level where a Bobo is
having to, you know, swim through the Mario level and then
there's like Bubble Man showing up and all kinds of interesting
enemies. It's just really trippy and out there.
I was reminded of Frog Fractions with how like not only
referential this game is to, you know, other video games, but
like how it's how it's really hodgepodge II, you know what I
mean? Like we just that's the point of it. Yeah, we just saw
that scene you were talking about here on the video. The
whole like, underwater level from Mario meets a Mega Man boss
meets the goonies meets like this is the balloon fight one.
Yeah, it's just like everything going on at once. Let me see.
I'm gonna fast forward to one more scene here. Oh, this looks
like pro wrestling where he's actually killing the wrestlers.
So that's that's something.
Yeah. I also really like the Mega Man one because he just
looks like his face has been photoshopped onto Mega Man's
body, which is a bit further up. I think that's like the third to
last one. And then there's the contra one and then punch the
punch out when there's before punch out there's what is this
is like Kirby. That's the contra one. But Oh, no, I can't show
this act deaf. This is you trying to kill Kirby with a
machine gun. That's bad. I'm pretty, pretty adorable. It is
pretty adorable. Like if Kirby is going to be a villain, this is
the way to do it.
That's awesome.
I agree with Bobby a drag race nest game called Super eight
bitch. Why are you our only hope? All right. Is that it? I
think that's it. There it is. Your class. It's Yeah, it's
pretty funny. Apparently, it's still available at sites.google.com
Um, and I wonder if this is Oh, yeah, I won't it won't play. You
have to have like some browser let you do flash. But I think
that someone out there if I remember right, I think someone
out there did sort of messify it. But I'll see if I can find
like the website. And yeah, I click on the website and it's
just all Nope. So once on the internet being emulated by
ruffle. So it has to load but you can still play it. I'll
link it in the chat.
All right. There it is your classic game of the week of
Bobo's big adventure. A parody game of sorts. That, you know,
this is kind of that's kind of fun to have, like, I guess,
which would really be a homebrew game as the classic game of the
week, but any game is eligible, right? So why not? And I and
released games. Yeah. So I think I did space fantasy zone
once you did you did the the one that was the polybius. That
one. You did oblivious. Yeah, that one wants to so. Yeah, why
not? So there it is classic game of the week. And that's actually
the classic that never happened. That's one that I would love to
go back and revisit because it is so funny. And it's like I
knew I knew of it back in the day, but I never I didn't spend
a lot of time with it. I didn't realize just how many layers of
references deep it went. But that's pretty good. That really
that does seem like a Loki game. Many people are in chatter
saying don't ask why why are Loki's the NES developer
remember? And I'm like, this is a Loki type of game. But I don't
know if Loki wants to make you gonna make us a super eight
bitch.
Oh, no.
He's got he's a Minecraft content maker.
I'm starting to work on visual novels. But I'm actually using a
visual novel tool to do my my DBD machinima.
I'm here. All right, let's move on to rapid fire news. I have my
hosting gigs on the side. That's my other thing. All right. Let's
get a rapid fire.
Nervous breakdown on the side. That's okay.
Yeah, it's true. Is that too? Oh, am I my my weight loss? I'm a
skinny. I have a side of skinny. All right, not really. But
closer than it was. All right. Let's travel around and check
out some other news going on in the industry. rapidly. That's
why it's rapid fire news. I'm going to step away real quick
because I need something to drink. So y'all keep rapid fire
moving. I'll be back.
So Epic Games is actually giving away Borderlands three for a
limited time. It's available now until 826.
I totally downloaded it last night.
Yeah, 8am Pacific time. So uh, yeah, you can check it out. Um,
it's a great game. Unfortunately, I already
purchased it when it came out. So can't get it for free, but
they're going to be doing some more giveaways here pretty soon
outside of this. But yeah, it's it's pretty nice. And then of
course, they're also having a sale going on right now as well.
Along with that, there's news about the current generation
version of the Witcher three, which is slated now to arrive at
the end of 2022. And it's been delayed a bit. But you know, I
know that they've been busy with fixing cyberpunk and stuff like
that. But now they shared via Twitter that it is coming out
q4 2022 on PlayStation five and Xbox series X and s. So we'll
wait and see what that looks like.
Well, then, um, have actually have you gotten anything though
on the the sale that's going on?
I have not because I haven't really been buying games because
I will and that's not true. I have purchased games, but I
don't play them. So no, I didn't pick up anything on the
sale. Yeah, I haven't looked to see what they have because yeah,
it's more stuff that just probably end up in my back log
at some point. So at the finish for Lance three, I haven't even
gone through all that. But
for anyone on stadia right now, they're doing a sale on pac-man
mega tunnel battle, and a few other goodies for it. And then
they also have like a bunch of the Assassin's Creed games on
sales, city legends hundred days, there's actually a few
really good ones on there right now. And a bunch of stuff mark
down like the city skylines, stadia edition, just quite a few
things that's on sale right now, if you're another stadia player,
I'm outriders outriders is one of them on pro right now, that
not a lot of the games have a deep discount on epic games
right now. The only thing that kind of jumps out at me right
now that they have in their top sellers is probably Red Dead
Redemption two, which is half off right now. Tiny T's
wonderlands like 20% off but like, yeah,
yeah, I want to check out tiny Tina's wonderlands. But I'm
kind of with you, Loki. I don't want to add to my backlog right
now. But you know, I grabbed Borderlands three. I didn't have
that yet. So I was like, yoink.
That's a great game. It's a little cringe as far as the
story dialogue stuff goes, but the game itself is good. Yeah.
Did you remember demos actually on stadia right now, including
chorus?
Did your MSN chat says ttw is so good. Yeah, I want to check it
out for sure.
Do well, I'm going into my news. I was trying to expand it to
give you time to get some water.
Oh, thank you. Yeah, I'm back.
So for anyone who's playing Kirby 64, the crystal shards
through Nintendo Switch Online, there is a game breaking bug.
Um, when you are hit by a certain damage sources in the
water, you become stunned indefinitely. And the only way
to get out of it is to quit the level. And so you can't finish
really any of the underwater levels because if you get hit,
then you just stay that way. Um, no one remembers this glitch
being on the original console. So there has to be some
interaction with the original programming and the emulation, I
think. So there you go.
Boy, I want to apologize to Mike Deft. He's having a rough
night. His fave is getting I mean, we just had him murdered
during the classic of the week. And then now it's getting shit
on. He's it's breaking. He's definitely this is this night
for Kirby. I apologize.
A giant Kirby though, just destroying everybody though is
pretty funny. I'm just gonna say.
All right, we will not apologize for the cute imagery of a evil
Kirby taking over the world. I mean death by Kirby. What a what
a way to go right?
Precisely.
All right. That's it for rapid fire news.
Pie culture kaiju Kirby.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release
dates. Some things we'll be playing this week that don't
have Kirby as a villain. Loki.
I mean, anything's possible. I don't know. I don't. I don't
keep up with a lot of these games that are coming up and
maybe they do. So this week we've got hard space shipbreaker
on PC. token Ranboo warriors on Nintendo Switch. Euro kill the
culmination game on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and
PlayStation five. sniper elite five on PC, PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series. And then we have
the legend of Niota boundless trails on Nintendo Switch. And
what else that cow the kangaroo on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
My little pony a maritime Bay adventure on PC, Nintendo
Switch, PlayStation four, Xbox one. And to go along with
Pacman's birthday Pacman museum plus on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation four and Xbox one. That's it.
Still a lot of releases. But then I just remembered this
weekend is Memorial Day. And that's like the unofficial
official kickoff of summer. So I guess this is always a big
week for games. And the Yeah, when you kick off for summer,
that means you stop releasing video games, because that's
typically how that goes. Yeah. Well, you got to get the games
out for the kids to pick up for summer break or whatever,
although our is the school year getting expanded in a lot of
places because of all the shutdowns? I don't know. I
don't know. It depends like that. It's different for
different districts. My son's off this week. So the other
schools have taken upon themselves to add vacation
weeks for every month. So some of those are going a little bit
longer.
All right, let's go to Japan and check out the releases there.
It's actually pretty similar to what Loki already stated. So on
the Nintendo Switch, we have radiant tale is out in Japan
this week. That Yuru kill the culmination games is also out in
Japan this week. The Legend of Niota boundless trails also out
in Japan this week. I think I heard Loki mentioned all those
games here. townsmen a kingdom rebuilt the complete addition.
So I think that means DLC included with the base game.
That is out from THQ Nordic in Japan this week on the switch
and that Pac Man museum plus also gets a Japanese release
this week on the PlayStation. Oops, I went to four and I meant
to go to five. Sometimes five has some different stuff. PS
foreign switch releases Japan are almost always identical with
PlayStation five is sometimes has some different ones. That
Yuru kill combination games is also on PlayStation five. They
also have the persistence enhanced is out in Japan this
week. And Oh, interesting. Japan gets their version of five
nights at Freddy's security breach this week. It is noted
this is an English version of the game. So it hasn't been
completely localized, but it is getting officially released in
Japan this week. So interesting. All right. And yeah, I agree
with she Hulk and chat. Yes, please for Pac Man Museum. I'm
looking forward to that as well. Dark Sakura. How about Europe?
On the 24th we have eastward for switch. On the 26th we have
for PlayStation and Xbox sniper elite five. And also how the
house of the dead remake for switch. On the 27th we have cow
the kangaroo on the big three, and My Little Pony maritime Bay
adventure. And then also just on PlayStation we have mortal
shell game of the year steelbook edition.
Did you know the limited edition of that house of the
dead rerelease is called the limit dead edition. And I find
that so funny.
I love it.
Love to hear that worse the pun the better.
We're getting to that age. All right. Let's move on. We have a
few more stories for y'all. And then we'll take your calls and
comments, emails, all that good stuff. And the listener
roundtable. But first, we have a few more stories to get
through. And we'll start with Loki.
Like it's another week and we get to talk about Activision
Blizzard and more trouble at their end. Of course, this time,
it's not about you know, all the misogyny and stuff going on. No,
we're going back, you know, has several months now back to the
land of lawsuits because of gambling and minors. So we're
gambling and minors in this course being with loot packs.
So the target of this is of course Hearthstone, specifically
saying that people pay real world currency to gamble on
winning in game items. And they won't provide refunds even when
the purchases are completed by a minor. And apparently they argue
that children comprise a large segment of their audience. And
saying that it's unlawful, deceptive and misleading
tactics in Hearthstone. So I think the whole like, you know,
enticing people to buy those packs or something like that,
that, you know, it's, I don't know, a class action or
something worthy. It's a stretch, I think, but like, I
get it, you know, that they're saying it because it's targeted
towards everybody, but I don't know. Like some other countries,
they've been able to kind of get away with, you know, making
that lawsuit type of thing happen. But I don't know if they
necessarily like, I don't see odds posted on this stuff.
No, I don't think they have them. And maybe this is going to
pressure them into doing it. But, you know, your kids can't
keep buying this stuff if you watch what your kids get.
Especially like the screenshot that they show is like a pack
that's $125. Like that's a lot of money, like your kids aren't
going to necessarily be buying that. Now to bring it back to my
kids, like they do get a lot of money and like Roblox sometimes,
especially or Roblox or whatever. It's like 100, almost
$100 during birthdays or stuff like that Christmas, and they'll
blow it like instantly. So it's,
yeah, if you see that if you give a child an unlimited
balance, they will go through Yeah, yeah, I can see that. But
like, you know, I don't know, like they're saying that there
is one, one of the people that are part of the lawsuit said
this child spent over $300 on the Hearthstone between 2019
and 2021. Actually, not that much, honestly, like, like, oh,
they were made without his permission using his credit card
and debit cards. Yeah. But at the same time, though, that
that's your fault for not securing your financial stuff
to that. That's the same as like, you know, having kids or
teenagers stealing cash out of your purse or something like
that. Like it's, if you don't secure your finance, financial
stuff, like, yeah, that can happen. But that's not the
game's fault. But at the same time, I'm not going to say that
like, you know, they aren't trying to tap into that whole
gambling FOMO type of mindset when it comes to selling these
packs, because they want you to feel like you need to buy them.
And so they're going to advertise them like that.
All right. Well, there's I saw I even though I think there's
kind of a part of me that's like, yeah, get Activision
Blizzard, get them, get them, especially Bobby Kotick, get
him, like, personally, he should be sued for this just because
he's still the CEO of the company. But that's not the
realist of the situation. I think in this particular
situation, like you've just you've got to put some onus on
the parents for how much their kids are spending. You know,
when I ran up $100 prodigy bill from using chat rooms, I got I
don't want to say beat up because it wasn't that I didn't
have that but but but verbally, I got some verbal lashings over
the whole thing and grounded fucking grounded like hell and
not able to use any of prodigy anymore after that for a little
while. So you know, you got it. You got to put some
responsibility on, you know, laying down the law when your
kids get out of control with that stuff. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah,
I'm with Mike Deft. As much as we want to dunk on a BK right
now. This ain't it. I and I agree. This ain't it. So. All
right. Let's move on. I wonder if this will be it will sit dark
Sakura.
Well, I think it's, I don't know. So McDonald's is making a
video game. I mean, we did have Burger King do it. But this one
instead make kids is one more Burger King game so bad, like so
bad.
Let the story be read, Loki.
Anyway, it's sort of an advertisement sort of game.
It's called McDonald's crush the rush. And you play as an
employee working with drive thru orders. I mean, wasn't
there like what an over like a waitress game? I think it sounds
like root beer tapper.
No, it's, it's
a cafe, like Cafe Crush or something like that or like
cafe, diner,
dash, diner, dash, something ish. I mean, basically, what you
have to do is you go to your different stations and you make
the different things and you get what you need. It almost looks
like a Sims view from up top. But basically, it's just
clicking the order of items and get your team to work as
efficiently as possible. And they want to make it look like
food service is fun and entertaining. But it is
repetitive gameplay. The whole thing is just to try to get
people to work for McDonald's. And I don't know who would want
to do that.
I honestly like if I can't imagine somebody plays angles.
Yeah, okay. I like that. Well, it seems like wasted. So I mean,
I think of America's Army, you know, that was also a recruitment
tool for a game and apparently they were actually fun. Yeah,
apparently did pretty well.
But they're solid games.
Fanara wants to point out to Overcooked, which was also on
the tip of my tongue. That was it. That's another one of those
like team prep games. Yeah, yeah.
That's that's a different type of game. Yeah. But yeah, I'm
with, we need the king as dead by daylight killer for sure.
Well, definitely is scary enough.
Oh my god. I mean, McDonald's has all of these great
characters that they're not using for games like they, you
know, I mean, forget the Burger King. How about the fucking
grimace from McDonald's? That would be a scary I mean, that
practically is clown in that hippo outfit, but still like the
grimace would be a scary fucking dead by daylight killer or the
Hamburglar. Or what's what's the other one? Then there's the
the their their friend with the pigtails. Yeah, the birdie? I
think her name is literally birdie birdie the early bird.
Yeah.
And then we got it. Then we got to really go back and get the
moon. Whatever that was big. Was it Mac?
It was Mac. Mac tonight.
No, what I want is the Hamburglar to be the killer.
And then the fry guys to be like out in the map like with
Nemesis and the zombies. Which by the way, I have officially
stolen a couple of zombie names from other streamers. So we name
our zombies.
I would really go for like a dead by daylight game that's
just with fast food mascots. Like let's let's do it.
The five night Freddy's five nights at Freddy's rumor for DBD
will never dies. Now it's been rumored for the last like seven
DLC is and they still say oh, it's coming. It's coming. Five
nights at Freddy's coming.
Keep in mind too is that and they even said so in a very
recent interview that when they're working on DLC, they're
working on anywhere between like four to 10 extras a year to come
out and in in in following years. Like the apparently the
Candyman one is still floating around and has a lot of credence
with it.
Um, listen, boy chat room really loves this McDonald's cross step
by daylight, I guess with Burger King thrown in there as well.
You know, Chad is really eating this up. So there there's
I guess I'll show 100 Matt's comment. The Burger King Kids
Club grows up to be a cult like the purge.
Oh, now me just added Wendy's to the mix because why not?
Oh, you know, Wendy would just dominate. She'd be like the
nurse. Difficult to master but once you do, everyone's your
bitch.
There was a comment I was gonna read up here. Oh, yeah. Oh,
teacher teacher on SS Do you get paid a living wage for playing
this game? Oh, that was a true that was the truth that was
killed by truth. Um, for Nara said, Do they have DLC for this
McDonald's game for the McFood game that has the drunk or stone
customers and Karen DLC to real to real.
That's awesome. That's like her other comment. Wendy's social
media manager is a part.
I was gonna say this the stone customers, they're at Jack in
the Box because number one, everybody in America knows the
McFlurry machine. And that's what you want is always broken
after a certain hour.
But hex session one sauce.
But Jack in the Box specifically caters to stoners like they
advertised it as what do you think those late night munchy
boxes are like legitimately they sell something at Jack in the
Box. I know Jack in the Box isn't a nationwide chain. I
think they're they're good. I Jack in the Box would have an
add on called three day old grease.
But but Jack in the Box specifically has like a late
night thing that's like a few jalapeno poppers, some popcorn
chicken, an egg roll, some curly fries, like it's like a literally
a little bit of everything. But it's only available after 11
o'clock.
And we know exactly why.
Do you know you know how we have barbecue and chili? Hmm. Yeah, I
think for Wendy's, it would be a chicken nuggets and Frosty's.
Yeah, chicken nuggets and Frosty's. All right. Yeah. All
right, we got to move on. Let's move on to another story. Loki, I
think this is yours.
Yeah, so Nintendo is ramping up their fight against cheaters
because they have their new eSports game right around the
corner with Splatoon three. So they are pants are patenting a
new anti cheat program. Okay, apparently they're saying they'd
use something called code reuse techniques to auto generate
attestation programs to detect whether a game has been
modified. I don't know what that means. But they're going to do
something to try to stop people from using hacked copies or
running fake ones or something like that. And then
it sounds like it's not just cheating in games, but trying to
get people to stop like launching homebrew and down
piracy. Really, it's a pirate, which I understand that, you
know, I don't I'm not a fan of pirating current games and so
forth. But yeah, and I think they should be getting
especially with online games. I don't give a shit if you cheat
in a single player game. Like if you're cheating in Super Mario
Sunshine, or boy, that's a dated reference. Super Mario Odyssey.
Well, hell, you can cheat and sunshine too, because that was
in the the recent Mario pack. Mario All Stars they did. But if
you cheat in those games, I don't fucking care because it
doesn't affect anything else. But if you cheat a Mario Kart
online, then I'm mad. So Nintendo should be taking steps
to prevent that. Right?
Exactly. They should be. But I don't know. I think they're the
downside, though, is I mean, the device is made, it's based off
of an Android device, and it can run native Android. It's like,
it's gonna be hard, or it's gonna be easy for people to
circumvent all that stuff. That's how we have all this
crazy, you know, emulation stuff. I mean, I don't know,
it's gonna be hard for them to do it. But I'm sure they'll
try. I don't know. Anything that reduces the number of hackers
that they have in like Splatoon stuff, I guess.
And I can see why they want to get that going in advance of
Splatoon three as well. Yeah, yeah, definitely. So that the
chat is still talking about fast food. And now they're talking
about I see Taco Bell versus Del Taco. I'm gonna come at you
with a real hot take. What is the big fucking deal about
Mexican pizza?
What is it's fucking delicious. It's like one of the only things
there that I like. I don't think it's then again, I mean,
honestly, the last time I ate at Taco Bell, it was so disgusting.
It's like, just give me Del Taco all the time.
They're soft. They're trying. Mexican pizza is a gigantic
soggy nacho. That is what it is to me. I don't get it.
Mike Defton chat says I asked the same thing and I don't get
it. I'm gonna Mike Deft. You live in Mexico. Is that is that
a pizza? Is that a pizza? I don't think it is.
It's just it's just it's a giant stacked torta, I guess.
Let's see other comments in chat. Sia Tabiri says Dolly
Parton would like a word with you, Rob. I know. I know. Dolly
Parton is my queen. But even even the people you hold in the
highest highest regard are not perfect people. And Dolly Parton
is allowed to make a mistake whenever she wants. But this is
this is her mistake. Um, let's see. Kind Volibian chat says
Del Taco gets so much slander for no reason. It is amazing. I
have to agree that Del Taco is so much better. It's like it's
the only place you can get a taco and fries. It's great.
I don't like their fries. Their fries are super dry.
I can't eat fries anymore anyway. So it doesn't really
matter. But I like the tacos. All right. Mike Deft in chat
says an actual Mexican pizza. So for the record, for the record,
an actual Mexican pizza from our listener who lives in Mexico is
a pizza in all caps with traditional Mexican ingredients
like chorizo or pepper. I could see that I could see that.
That's actually that sounds good. It's like a chorizo as a
topping up. That sounds good. Actually, I would not be able to
eat it with all the peppers in it. I Yeah, I know. It's you
still to this day. My favorite pizza is California Pizza
Kitchen's parent Gorgonzola pizza with plenty of roasted
garlic on it. The end. That's the best pizza in the world and
no one can convince me otherwise.
I never thought of chorizo on pizza. Now I'm like, that sounds
fucking good. All right. I mean, the peppers that might be a bit
much, but we'll see. We'll see. Maybe a little I can handle I
can handle a little bit of pepper. I just don't like a ton
of it because it peppers one of those things that's just like it
dominates the taste. So let's Yeah, like I love
I bet though if you deseeded the peppers and roasted them really
well, like almost blackened them. It would take some of the
heat out of it. Yeah, I mean, I still wouldn't be able to have
it because the enzymes will still be active even if they're
roasted. But this the heat is in the seeds for the most part. So
you deseed it and roast it really well. You get
caramelization on it. And the flavor profile would actually
work well with the harder chorizo.
We have a really good rex Kim restaurant not far from here.
And I don't know how authentic it is. Sorry, Mike deaf. But I
love to get they have a fajita salad as like my favorite thing
on the menu for this current like diet I'm doing. And they
put peppers in it. But it's like you said, they blackened them a
little bit. So it doesn't like overpower everything else is I
love the fajita salad there. It's so good. It's like the
perfect lunch for me. Anyway, yeah. St 100 Matt says OLR foodie
episode is happening now. Oops, oops. Yeah, well, we've put that
off way too long. But that is 100% my fault. So we'll get that
scheduled very soon. Mike deaf says if it's run by Mexicans,
then I trust it. I believe so. I've never asked but I believe
so. So it we we don't usually have a problem finding decent
Mexican food in California. Yeah, yeah, it's it's not hard
to find but it ain't a Taco Bell. All right.
I mean, we we I have everything from super taco to taqueria
Vallarta to what's my other taco place? There's the truck that
comes to work sometimes. And nothing is as as good as a good
taco truck. And then like one of my favorite burger places was
actually a chain started by a Mexican family called Tommy's.
Oh, yeah. That's the place with the chili on the burgers. Yeah,
you you made us detour to a Tommy's. It wasn't that far of a
detour. But you were like, we got to get Tommy's way home.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. We have one more story for you before we
get to the listener roundtable. And that is to talk about what I
think is a very interesting turn of fate. And, you know, there's
been a lot of talk about Warner Brothers latest Smash esque sort
of game called multi versus. In fact, I think people are
streaming that on Twitch and stuff right now. I have a sneeze
coming on. Thank God I hit the mute button in time. Sorry,
guys. Um, so multi versus is like a smash s kind of game
that's an alpha right now. Well, apparently the game is good
enough or the right agreements have been signed where multi
versus is going to be at Evo championship series for 2022. In
fact, it's taking smashes spot. Now, you might remember Nintendo
pulled smash from Evo. So it's kind of their own fucking fault.
So it is very interesting that, okay, well, we're gonna replace
smash with a smash esque or a smash inspired, we'll say, type
of game instead. So that's very interesting. So yeah, Nintendo
had pulled out of Evo. But we just we still don't know why
Nintendo pulled out. But then we had the panda global
partnership. So maybe it was something like that. But now
Evo has multi versus so made this, you know, could Nintendo
have shot themselves in the foot by letting this get picked up
by Evo. And now the fans are going to focus on it. People are
going to practice with this game. You know, I it's it's kind
of giving this game a leg up by its ability to be included in
Evo. So it'll be interesting to see. Quest Buster says an open
beta is slated for multi versus in July. And I've seen a few
streams that looks like the devs have a lot of fun with the
characters. So Mike Deaf says panda global is partnering with
Nintendo and Sony running Evo. So you know, so yeah, it's true
Sony Sony bought Evo too. So anyway, let's go to the listener
roundtable. Every week we invite your feedback here on the show
over at twitch.tv slash vog network. We also take your
emails participate at orange lounge radio.com. Dark soccer
stepped away for a moment we'll, we'll ask her when she
gets back we have any emails I don't think there were. We also
invite your calls if you want to join our discord server over at
vog network.com slash discord. We chat throughout the week
about stuff or if you want to you can join the green room,
which is one of our chat channels and we'll take some
calls here live on air. If you don't want to do any of that,
we'll always be happy to take a chat questions over in our chat
room over twitch.tv slash vog network where they're still
talking about multiverses, which is fine because we were just
talking about that. While we wait to see if any questions
well, let me get some comments here. Tiger class as I think
it's good that multiverses will be at Evo. It gives the game of
ton of exposure and might have more people wanting to play it.
And kind of Vullaby says I've already seen a number of pro
smash players trying multiverses and it seems popular with them.
I guess time will tell if it's just another fad or not though
kind of like Nick all stars brawl. It's true. That one was
supposed to be a big one and the shade is real came in when it
has all the voice actors in this one. So that's cool. Yeah, it's
true. It does. Dark soccer. Do we? I don't think we have
anything in the mailbag. But let me check just to be sure. Oh,
no, we do not. Alright, so participate at orange
launchradio.com. Oh, so I always say when when you don't email us
and give us something to talk about, then it's an excuse for
dark soccer and I to talk about drag race. Now for the most part
in the last year, I haven't bothered to watch drag race
because there's just there's too many of them now there's there's
the international one. There's the but they just give me a
couple of seasons. They just started the all winners one. So
all stars all winners started on Friday. And all I'm gonna say
I'm not going to spoil because the Paramount thing is weird
because now that it's on streaming people watch at
different times. All I'm gonna say is this is the shakeup the
format has needed for a long, long time. And I'll say I don't
think it's a spoiler for me to say the show is now edited to be
99% positive. All the judges critiques positive, all of the
edits that the players got during snatch game and during
the first challenge, positive, everything was positive. And the
show is not hurting because of it. Like it's actually probably
the strongest season they've had in a long time. So it was just
it's amazing. And all I said that snatch game, you know,
again, I don't know if that's just because of editing where
they chose to show the positive but I really think like the
talent that was in that snatch game like jinx monsoon. That's
the tweet. That's like there there there will never be
another better there will never be a better game player than
jinx months.
I love I loved meeting her. She she's just so funny in person.
You you have to see the snatch game she does. So can I can I
can I tell you who she does?
Who does she do?
So the twist is that they have to do
because before she did little Edie before right did she does
somebody different they have to do two characters this time. So
they actually do two different snatch games. The first game she
does Natasha Lyonne from my Russian doll the redhead right
who isn't but I'm here. Oh my god she had the voice because
you because you know Natasha Lyonne has a very distinctive
raspy voice probably from all the smoking. She had the voice
down. The second celebrity she does Judy Garland. It Jamie it
was mind blowingly good. Like you laugh until you cry. It was
so good. It was so good. You have to watch it like I'll loan
you my because I mean, when when what's your name did a Liza
Minnelli. That was dead on and I can see jinx pulling off a
perfect Judy Garland. I would love to see the two of them
together. Yeah. So but but jinx has a really good talent for
voices because her little Edie was pretty dead on to
Raja does a celebrity. I have to tell you who Raja does one of
them at least. Sorry. Sorry, Loki.
Just tell me both.
Diana Vreeland is one of the ones that she Raja does. And
that's that's like the the person that was over Vogue
magazine like in the 70s and 80s. So that was that was fine.
That was funny. But she does Madam. The puppet from wailing
flowers and Madam. It is Jamie. It's, it's so good. It's so
good.
The winners on the season or is it just a handful of all
winners?
It's um, it's Raja, jinx, Shea coule, Monet exchange, not
Bianca, Trinity, the tuck, the Vivian from the UK. Did I say
jinx already?
Yeah.
Oh, Jada, Essence Hall, and Evie Oddly.
I love Evie.
So it's a really good cast. So even though Yeah,
he's also a sweetheart.
There's a lot of people that are like, Where's Bianca? Where's
Trixie? Where's Alaska? I think these are a lot of girls that
like are absolutely like not to say the others aren't worth
revisiting. But there are a lot of them are booked and blessed.
And I'm sure these winners could be booked and blessed too. But to
be on TV again and go through all this is really, really great
for them. And it's just Yeah, and I'm sure they're saving some
for a potential second season down the line. So
I will. I will also tell you that I'm perfectly happy for
Tracy to not be on there if I can keep watching her use Easy
Bake Ovens. Anyway, I had Dan watching that he was laughing.
Jamie, it was a it was a Waylon Flowers and Madam reference.
Like only like only people over 40 are gonna understand why
that's so fucking funny. But that was the stuff that was on
late at night.
I will. I will have to go YouTube-ify it.
Or just ask me nicely for my Paramount Plus.
We actually have Paramount Plus now so Dan can watch Star Trek.
Well, then get on it.
Eventually, eventually. All right. I got I got shit to do.
Like I still have to finish doing the cat video again. I
need to send me more pictures of cheddar.
Oh, yeah, I need to send you cheddar cat pics for for a
redone intro video here for when we're live on Sunday nights.
Absolutely. So I'd love to have a new one for our 20th. Because
I don't know what else we're gonna have for our 20th.
Maybe that should be the foodie episode.
Um, I think we should definitely get that done before the 20th.
Yeah. So I'll have to check with everyone's availability, though,
because I know you're going on a big trip, Jamie, you're not
gonna be here next week. So I'm gonna be here next week. It's the
week after. Um, I am flying to Illinois on June 2. And I'm
returning on the fifth. I'm helping my friend move her cats.
You are who has been who you have seen in in my streams, and
she's coming here as well. Amethyst Rose, which Oh, yeah, I
know the name. Yeah, yeah. My, my friend who also lives around
the corner for me. Um, basically, the cats can't go in
the car because of, you know, nervous reasons. So we in Delta,
which we're taking, we're doing first class, which I've never
done first class before. So come on celebrity. Well, I'm doing
the the comfort economy on the way back, at least it's the, you
know, the comfort seats. But, but because, you know, we got
to check the luggage because the cats are going to be a carry on
each. And I'm going to be probably really drunk by the
time we land.
Just saying, what part of Illinois, not Chicago, I guess,
just the rest of four hours from Chicago. Okay, without doxing a
fellow. Sure, sure. I understand. Yeah. So so but I'm, I
would like to go into Chicago, but we're flying into St. Louis.
And I said, Okay, you know, it's gonna happen. I double check to
make sure I could. We're going to the Waffle House.
I checked. I don't miss I did. I already checked. Okay, I was
gonna say Missy OLR St. Louis base. So I'd Yeah, cool.
I said we are going to the damn Waffle House. You're gonna have
the grits and you're gonna like it. No, I'm kidding. I don't if
she doesn't like it. She doesn't like it. But um, I like I think
I have like three bags of grits that I promised one to my
co worker and I might just pick up some more on the way back.
Like if I get there early enough, I might stop into a
Waffle House. See if the managers there because you can
buy grits over the counter 99 cents a bag. Awesome. And at
last, I freaking love Waffle House grits now. Now some folks
in chat are like, Hey, Jamie's gonna be near me. I want to go
drive. Well, I'm gonna be near you briefly because we still
have to get those cats. Yeah. To my friend's place. Yeah. All
right. Well, that'll be a fun trip. That's that'll be cool.
I it's a place I've never been before a couple places I've
never been before. I'd love to do a long drive across the
country. At some point, but you know, time money. Her her
husband, I think is doing the the drive with all the the
moving stuff. And we're doing even know either that or they're
having movers do it and he's flying on his own to get start
getting stuff set up and then we're flying together on it.
Yeah. All right. Let me go to Loki and see if there's any
last minute stories for tonight to get into because mostly I
don't see I didn't see any questions from chat. If I missed
it, please ask it again. But most most of chat is just
adding to what dark soccer is talking about with her story
there.
Sadly, there's not really anything last minute. Fair
enough. I imagine next week's gonna be a bit of a slow week
with it being Memorial Day weekends, a little bit of a long
weekend, or maybe that affects the week after I don't know.
Oh, all right. Well, then I guess that is going to do it for
another episode of orange launch radio. Hey, thank you as always
for listening to our show. Whether you were downloading
this on the podcast feed or you're watching us live over at
twitch.tv slash vog network. Appreciate you be here and
appreciate your participation. Don't forget to tell a friend
to about the show help us spread the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice. But we need more voices here. We
have a birthday coming up. It's a pretty big birthday. If you
want to get us a gift, tell a friend about the show. That
would be a perfect gift for us. Get us some more follows on
twitch over twitch.tv slash vog network. Really appreciate all
of that. So a nice five star review on a site like iTunes or
wherever it is you found this Spotify. What else is out there?
I don't even know anywhere wherever whatever you used to
find this a going off a long way. So yeah, Mike Deaf says
Summer Games Fest is close. So it's the calm before the storm,
I guess. Yep. And since there's no E3 this year, those type of
summer announcements are just going to be sprinkled throughout
the next three months because you'll notice Sony has not
staked a claim. And I think they're waiting. I don't think
we're going to see Sony in June. I think we're going to see them
closer to end of July, August, because they don't have nothing
else is forcing them to go earlier. So they're on their own
timetable. So be very interesting. So all right. Um,
and dark to see you. Yes, I did see what you were working on. But
I'll wait and talk about that during the 20th. So let's see.
That's it that I can think of. So this is the part where we go
around and get everybody's final thoughts. I will start with dark
Sakura because I know she's going to do a post stream for
y'all. Dark Sakura, your final thought.
Um, I need blood points. I gotta feed a legion.
All right, good luck with the some growing a teenagers quote
finger. Good luck teenagers. Sorry, stabbing and killing in
dead by daylight. All right. Exactly. Later taters. Have a
good one. Loki will go to you in your final thought for
tonight.
I just saw that power wash simulator added more levels. So
I need to check that out again.
My final thought is I was just saying to a friend the other
day, I want to play a game like Diablo again, but I don't really
want to play Diablo. My friend was like, Oh, Diablo immortals
coming out. And I was like,
is there anything else?
Anything else? I mean, I haven't found engines. Oh, yeah, now
they're now you're talking maybe I'll pick up Minecraft
Dungeons again. That was kind of fun when I played it. So that'll
be fun. So. All right. Wow, as Joe and Matt says, I'm sadly
gonna miss the 20th anniversary episode going to a friend's
wedding that night a damn Sunday wedding. Well, I mean, it's a
good excuse. But you know, it's really funny. Bobby Blackwell is
missing our 20th anniversary as well. So you know, I guess if you
can be here, it's gonna be a small party. It'll be it'll be a
pandemic party. Right? In all seriousness, thank you any week
that you're here. We appreciate you. Have a wonderful week,
everybody. We'll see you in seven days to do it again. Have
a good night. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge
Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for our live
show, tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific 9pm
Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor
vog network, but you know they were all still true. See you
next week.
