I usually avoid the big headline in these opening reads, but sometimes it is THE issue and I want to say it out loud as well. Please help support those in need by whatever means you're able. Tonight we're covering a bundle supporting a memorial fund for Uvalde victims. Many can give blood, plasma, etc. and plenty of other media outlets have their suggestions available as well.
It's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki to provide further information on this and the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Welcome to episode 916 of our show for tonight, May the 29th of 2022. It's Memorial Day weekend. It's a long weekend. But we're still here. I'm here. Rob Roberts and I am joined by as always say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. Hi, DarkSakura. How are you?
I'm tired. Yeah, I moved a shelf and probably shouldn't have.
Uh, yeah, that that happened to me a couple weeks ago, because an electrician came by because you know, we're in a new house, and something was going on with one of the circuits. And he was like, I can't move that. So I had to move this big old shelving. It's it's the one that you you brought over the shelving thing. It's big, but I had to move it by myself. So the guy could move back there.
It's not that heavy.
It's heavy enough for one person. So I still hurt my back.
Ryan and I moved it out. So.
That's two people. I had one person.
Yeah, but I also have moved one of those around by myself. A bigger one. And okay.
Let's say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Good. What is this game behind you tonight? This? I've never seen this.
I was searching for another long play video to play and I saw that they had one for Little Britain. I didn't realize there was a Little Britain game. But now there is and you can experience it.
Wow.
Me neither. There.
I'm assuming it was one of those shovelware titles on the Wii.
PlayStation two. It was way before the Wii.
All right.
And apparently it was trying to Yeah, I remember actually when this came out.
I was watching Little Britain. Oh, yeah, I remember the show is the fact they made a game marketing all kinds of stuff on in the UK. Wow.
All right. And here I thought the British invasion on consoles was done with Spice World on the PlayStation one.
But this is Spice World is I unironically a good game. This Oh, come on. There's also Wallace and Gromit.
Oh, yeah, I guess that's true. No, I'm sure there's plenty of others. I'm just and there was the Monty Python's complete waste of time. Oh, sure. Sure.
All right. There's there's there's some other stuff. I guess we got to get there's also supposed to be a Doctor Who game on the nest that never made out a prototype.
Really? I didn't know that. That's cool. Yeah, I went looking for the ROM dump up at last night, but I haven't had any luck.
Well, there's some fun ROM dumps that came out this week, but we'll get to that later in the show.
For now, we're going to start off tonight's show. A bit of difficult news because it ties into things that are going on in the real world.
Obviously, all of the news that came out of Texas with the school shooting is is horrific and horrible.
And I could probably spend a whole three hours. I'm going off on that. I'm not going to though.
There's a bundle that's coming out to try to help folks to try to do something to raise money.
If I remember right, it's a charity for the school that was impacted and trying to get some of the folks there.
Some some mental health treatment and maybe pay for some things that might be a little harder to come by otherwise.
So it's an itch.io bundle and it's for the it's called the bundle for Valde and it's got a variety of NES ROM games in it.
But I think we all know why the reason why I'm bringing it up on this show. Loki, is there anything you would care to say about this bundle?
Yes. So this bundle was one that Nate Peters, who also does NES dev stuff, he has a game doodle world.
Chocolates should be coming out on the switch here pretty soon.
So he put it together where it's a bunch of just basically trying to get any itch.io creators to come together to put together a bundle of games for the of all the the Rob School Memorial Fund.
So it's got my game Pixel Hoops number two in there. There's lots of other NES games in there as well.
So if you're a fan of the NES, there's tons and tons of homebrew games.
So we have like Doodle World, Shira and the 40 Thieves, Nix the Paradox Relic, Turtle Paint, which is kind of fun as a little Mario Paint game.
Lots and lots of NES games in there. So there's actually a total of like 34 items in there.
I think most of these are games. There's also I think some other like asset packs and stuff in there.
Not your, you know, 1000 game bundles that you had for like, you know, some of the other things.
But it's still it's nice. It's 10 bucks or, you know, anything else you want to donate to that and then you get everything.
So the price of my game, you get my game and lots of other games are probably better than mine.
Yeah, I mean, there you go. I'm not saying yes to that. But yes to the the quote unquote deal. It shouldn't be about the deal, but I get it.
The deal is what gets people's attention for the worthy cause.
And like you said, for the cost of your game, you can now pick up a lot of NES games and a lot of similar type of games of creators that went in there and made their own NES titles.
And as pointed out by you and other folks in chat, some other collections like asset titles, some tabletop RPGs and so forth.
And again, for an important cause that sucks that we have to have this cause, but we do people are trying to help.
So this is this is good. And I know I know you were trying to get in a previous charity bundle and you were kind of wondering, like, how do I get in on one of these bundles?
But here you go. You got it on one. So yep. So I went through that process. It's pretty easy.
Awesome. Well, congratulations on that. And how long does that bundle run for?
It's running for the week, so it's going to be ending in about six days. So I think the end of this week.
Nice. Going to our chat room because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at VOG network twitch.tv slash VOG network VOG network and you can find us there.
We have our live chat room who makes comments such as Bobby Black Wolf, ironically says just picked it up for $25. Excellent. Excellent. I haven't picked it up yet, but I will.
I want to help you all reach your goal, which I'm sure you'll have no problem reaching as word about this gets out. So that's that's awesome.
And dark Titsiya saying I heard Loki was trying to get his game in there. Yeah, well, if you follow Loki on Twitter, you sometimes get some insight.
Definitely signal boosted that one on Twitter and just picked it up myself. Awesome. And I hope us mentioning it on the show brings a little more awareness and maybe a few more people will pick it up. That would be awesome.
Hopefully. Yeah. Before we get into our headline tonight, dark Sakura, I know you'd been texting me the other day about another charity effort going on that you wanted to bring attention to and I figured now as good of a time as any.
I mean, it's going to be over at 10 o'clock today, but there's fundraisers actually ongoing for one of people in our general Dead by Daylight and other streaming games community on Twitch.
I'm a pansexual pirate has a heart condition and isn't in the best shape. So, money is being raised for medical treatment and or post costs that might come about really really just fun personal around and I hate that, that they're going through this, but I have a link for those in chat to a
post that shows where donations and contacts can be made if you go on Twitter, it's TTV pan PIR number eight.
And you can get more information there.
So yeah, even maybe after tonight, I'm sure there'll still be a way to contribute to that. For those that don't hear this until Monday or Tuesday so if you're feeling so generous and can help somebody out.
I know dark soccer the, you have increased your participation in the Twitch community 10 fold over the past year, year and a half, you know, with your own, you know channel and streaming and so forth and just again I know I've joked about this on a private previous
I can't go into a dead by daylight streamers channel and not run into you.
But I specifically lately you can't go into Nick's channel. Yeah, but it's just because you and I just both like I you consider Nick a friend I consider Nick a friend like we've met him we've hung out with the same people exactly so it's like one of those like you know, yeah, of course we're gonna run into each other there so but that's not the only one.
But my point is is just you know to kind of show in a lighthearted way that like you know you do and you do become friends with the streamers you do make room in your heart for them you do you know start to get to know them very well and so when somebody's going through something very difficult.
Yeah, you want to do whatever you can to help so I get it.
Mike Defton chat says that's me and Pokemon streams and yeah it might be it might be related to a specific game it also might not be it might be just you know a particular personality that you enjoy or what have you so yeah it's it's very interesting how Twitch has really impacted gaming culture, specifically since the pandemic started really I mean I know Twitch was already pretty big before then but I really think the pandemic just
accelerated it even more if you know what I mean and really like that was just even more so the way we saw people many times. So, yeah.
All right, let's move on to our kickoff topic headline for tonight which has to do with a pretty big significant move in the industry for a triple A studio so this isn't the first time this has happened.
It's the first time it's happened at triple A studio, Loki you want to get into what happened this week.
Yeah, so basically, it's the least evil thing they could do so. Phil Spencer said that Microsoft will recognize the Raven software union. Once the deal, the acquisition deal of Activision closes.
So they're going to actually recognize them basically say hey listen once we acquire them.
We're not, I don't know like Activision actively trying to stop the union exactly that's well, and it's important to say Monday was the day that Raven voted for the union to have right so that's you know that's the first bit of it is that I, I don't have the vote
in front of me it was something like 26 to three or something like that I may have gotten that wrong sorry I just don't have the numbers in front of me.
But it was it was pretty overwhelming you had a few people that voted no but the vast majority voted yes.
Even in light of Activision's attempt to kind of union bust in their own way I think I think they kind of had to scale it back once the general public has been paying attention to everything that they do.
But there's definitely documented emails and efforts and things that happened right around the time, you know, they were first in the news for for all the reasons.
You know, we've been talking about them lately to with some open union busting and you know hiring people that work there that that have been known for working with union busting organizations.
Those efforts failed with Raven having unionized this week. And so I think it's a little bit significant for Phil Spencer Microsoft to come in and say, you know, even though Activision was is was engaging in the process of union busting Raven or Microsoft will acknowledge Ravens union.
Yeah, because they certainly won't be the last.
Right, and they basically he will Phil Spencer basically said that Linda Norman and I have been spending a lot of time educating myself on unions we absolutely support employees right to organize and form unions.
Once the deal closes we'd absolutely support employees organization in the place.
We think it's a right of employees and something that can be a part of the relationship between a company and people who work at the company.
So, doesn't sound like they're gonna stand their way.
Hopefully their actions. Follow that right.
It's interesting to to hear Phil Spencer say he has to educate himself on unions that kind of makes you stop and realize, oh, because Microsoft isn't and, and you know all these other studio how many studios did Microsoft swoop up in the last 10 years.
Double digits at least they haven't had to deal with this before so I would gather, Phil Spencer probably doesn't just have to educate himself on this for Ravens purposes, but probably for where other studios are going to go in the coming years, I think it's
going to be a wave that moves quicker rather than, you know, slowly. We'll see.
Yeah, but it also probably shows how much misinformation is spread around in the corporate world about unions anyway.
Oh well we know that there's many companies that will watch have you watch videos that is basically anti union stuff because Kotaku or one of their sister sites had that target training video from the early 90s because they actually the irony was that used
union actors, and they had a whole story about it and and that. So, yeah, but there's like there's a target video that went through that and you can watch it if you want to see for yourself like what the propaganda is Walmart absolutely has something similar
and so on and so on. You definitely also point out that this is not something unique to just the gaming industry. Starbucks, we've heard a lot of buzz about that lately. Granted, this is a video game podcast so we don't talk about those usually, but it's where you see a lot of industries headed right now not just the gaming industry, but I think we all know why the gaming industry needs it.
Right. Yeah, because what the conditions aren't great. Also, there was a comment from Reggie Fils-Aime, who was interviewed by believe the Washington Post basically saying, you know, he made a comment about I don't even know how it came up, but you know, I've worked in industries that have had high levels of unionization.
This is not a bad or good thing. It is a situation as leader, as an executive that you need to manage to just like any other challenge or issue or opportunity you face. So, I mean, I don't know. Cool. He thinks that yeah, I'm not really like at a game company right now. So it's like,
yeah, Reggie isn't at a game company anymore. So it doesn't really, it sounds harsh. It doesn't really matter what he thinks. However, I still think he holds a lot of influence in this industry. I think he knows it too. So, you know, as he's going on this book tour, I think I think people listen to what he has to say just from his insight, having been at Nintendo and of course, Nintendo has been in the spotlight recently as well. They have we've heard a lot of, especially when it comes to the
contractors. We've had a lot of talk about that. So, you know, they they've been in the spotlight as well. I do find that interesting that Reggie does have that perspective. And we have to remember he wasn't always at Nintendo. He came from I know he had been at Panda Express for a while vh one wasn't it or something like that. So certainly in the the vh one television industry, you had all sorts of unions, right? You you deal with Screen Actors Guild, the Writers Guild, the all of it, dealing with that.
So yeah, he probably did have that experience. So Dr. See, it says I think Little Caesars as well. And I, I don't know the man's entire resume, but I do know Nintendo was the first gaming company he was at, as far as I remember. So yeah, that's just interesting. So we'll see. Do you think Do you think more companies are set to unionize in the near future? Do you think we're gonna have another AAA studio by the end of the year? We'll say?
Probably.
Yeah, I think so. I think what we're hearing from Phil Spencer, I think we'll probably mobilize another Microsoft Studio. And I think I think Activision Blizzard, I think Activision Blizzard itself will end up here in a matter of time. So we'll see. All right. Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks in a segment we call how is your gaming week? So dark Sakura, we'll start with you. How is your gaming week?
I've played some Dead by Daylight. I played Terran, Terranigma. I've played some of that word game that I play to it's just been kind of, especially after having the big pinball thing, I've just sort of been like, I kind of don't feel like playing anything. So just my usual, then, of course, I had my COVID booster, my second one on Tuesday. And I've been really freakin tired. So it's sort of like, do I really want to go?
Do I want to deal with all of this? No. But I played a little bit here and there. Although I did have to have to cancel my stream on on Thursday for just being way too pooped.
But yeah, the booster will knock you out sometimes just dependent. It was depends on the person.
I was surprised that Saturday I still felt like crap. But yeah, better now.
Yeah. All right. Well, we'll go over to Loki. How was your gaming week?
It's just Minecraft. It's just getting ready for things to come. I guess, you know, starting another S&P pretty soon. So just getting all prepared for that.
I saw you put out another video, though. Plug, plug.
Put out another video. Yeah. Yeah. So like still trying to get it down to weekly stuff. I need to.
I have more of my hardcore series. I got a film and then I've got to put out a tutorial for a copper farm that I put together.
So because I've been promising to do that and been putting it off. So I need to do that as well.
So Leo, I'm very busy. I also need to finish the hardcore series, hopefully around the time because the new update for Minecraft, the one 18 updates on the seventh. So it's right around.
And what are they what are they adding in that for those of us not as in the loop?
So it's called the wild update. It's basically they've got a couple new biomes in there. So the big one is, of course, the deep dark in the ancient cities are in there and they have a new kind of it's not really a boss monster, but it's like a pretty tough monster to go up against, which is the warden.
And so they have that. They're also adding mangrove swamps. So they're kind of redoing the swamps a little bit to make them more interesting because swamps are really terrible before. And frogs, frogs are in there now. So that's kind of cool.
They poop out lights because that's what frogs do. They make lights with their butt.
According, I learned something today.
All right. World to live in.
What a world.
My gaming week.
I have been a little busy I hosted another show last night was really good so can't can't complain about spending the hours on that.
But it's a very typical Rob gaming week played some Final Fantasy 14, of course, doing then doing the new raid with that there's a 24 man raid that I've been doing with my friends and then the eight man raid the last one you kind of do it every week for a token
upgrade your weapons. So I've been working on that as well. Otherwise still working on my Reaper leveling that class, which was one of the new classes they brought out with Endwalker. My Reaper just hit 81 so I can start doing the new dungeons like Tower of Zat and stuff like that.
It's so fun to refer to Tower of Zat and Tower of Babel as like new dungeons when they are influenced by Final Fantasy four. So it's kind of fun.
Otherwise, also, I've been playing No Man's Sky. Not a big shock because you know, I really enjoy that game. However, and I'm sorry, Loki, because I know you have a headline on this later, but I'll just kind of briefly say they added a new expedition into the game.
So I've been playing that. And I was streaming it a little bit a couple of nights anyway. And the interesting thing about it is that it's kind of a roguelike. So it encourages you to die and start the loop over.
So when I did the first night stream was about two and a half hours, and I died right at the beginning because you're supposed to it's actually one of the achievements is dying. But then I died probably about two and a half hours into it because there was a nasty surprise.
I'm just gonna spoiler alert, but you'll thank me later. There is a nasty surprise at the end of the first part of the excellent when you're doing the first phase, you get to a part where you have to activate what looks like a gravestone.
It's one of the little Atlas looking things you activate it. What I was not prepared for were that the scorpion aliens that also show up when you steal eggs showed up to kick my ass and that's how I died. But like any good roguelike, you learn from what you did the first time.
And the second time, I got through it in an hour and 40 minutes and I knew what to expect. So they didn't kill me the second time. Haha. So I got a little further on my second stream that I did on Friday night. I don't know what his time anymore. So I got a little further and but I wrapped it up there because it was starting to get late. So oh yeah, and then the game bugged out on me, which it's not no man's sky if it doesn't get buggy somewhere. But I went I went into a pirate outpost.
And it was all white. There was no color, every shape, every texture was just pure white. And I was like, did I go to heaven? Did I die? Like what happened? And I was like, you know what, this is a good time to quit. And so I did. But I'll stream that again, maybe tomorrow. I don't know what I'm doing for the holiday yet. So maybe a little bit tomorrow. We'll see when I feel like it.
I don't know when I feel like it. Um, also, though, I did play something new. So it wasn't just the same old stuff. I played something new, but it was old. And what I mean is I played Pac Man Museum Plus, because that just came out on Xbox Game Pass. So if you have Game Pass, you can just download it. Otherwise, I think it's on all the other, you know, platforms you'd expect it to be on. And I say it's new old because it is a collection of some older Pac Man games such as the original Pac Man, Super Pac
Man, Pac and Pal, which sucks. I'm just gonna be like Pac and Pal is probably the worst Pac Man game like it just it sucks. Pac Land, Pac Mania, but then it gets some it gets some more of the more recent titles in there to Pac Man 256, which is only about five years old is in there as well. Pac
Man Championship Edition is in there as well. Not in there, Ms. Pac Man. But there's right stuff going on. This is the game where they actually they like changed Ms. Pac Man and some of the other games to what was her name? Pac Mom? Pac Wife?
Oh, right.
Pac Mommy? Will you be my Pac Mommy?
He's a strong, independent woman.
Yeah. So yeah, I don't know who she is now. But she's she's she's not Ms. Pac Man. She's she's Pac Mistress.
She doesn't need to explain herself to anybody.
She doesn't. She doesn't need to. She doesn't need to introduce herself to anyone. She just and what is it? She doesn't have a bow in her hair. She has something else. A hat? I don't remember what it is.
A bee in her bonnet.
I don't remember now.
Does she have a bonnet? Is it does it contain bees? Some sort of insect?
Thank you, Orange Right. She has a hat. It's confirming she's instead of a bow, she has a hat. And it's Pac confirmed. It's Pac Mom. Hat confirmed. Mom confirmed.
Doc or Pac Mom?
Rock'em Sock'em Pac Mom?
So, see, all these games y'all are saying would be amazing if Pac Man would go there, but you know, we're not getting it. Instead, we get Pac in Time. Yes, we get that Pac Man Arrangement, which is actually kind of cool. The whole thing is encased in this inspired by Animal Crossing, I would guess museum, because you actually get to lay out the museum. And as you play the games, you get the little cabinets that you can place throughout the museum. As you get
achievements, your little ghost friends show up in the museum as well. There's a little gacha mechanic where you you know, you it's based off a real thing where you get the little figurines, and you can put the figurines in. So it very much has an Animal Crossing inspired element. It's not that deep. Like it's not Animal Crossing is not that deep. But it's cute. I at first I was sorry, your audio is not coming through for some reason, Doc Sacker. What?
I said ghost friends. I don't know her.
Exactly. Well, I'm used to getting ghosted. So why not have my ghost friends? But um, I the only thing that bugged me at first was I was like, this is such a pain in the ass to find the game I want to play. Like, because like all of the like Pac 256 and championship edition are over at the free game. And then you get coins in the free game to play. Okay, but I learned really quick. So pro tip if you're going to start Pac Man museum plus, if you just hit the
start button, you get a list of everything and you can just pick what you want to play. It's much easier. However, some things are still locked. So like I couldn't play Super Pac Man, underrated Pac Man in my opinion, until I played original Pac Man twice, which isn't that hard to do. Then I can play Super Pac Man. I couldn't play Pac and pal overrated Pac Man until I played Pac Land twice. So there are some weird little unlocks like that, but they're not particularly difficult.
So I guess it's just to try to get you to play a little bit of everything. So cute, I guess. Um, that was my gaming week. Dark Tetsuya says, Okay, that is kind of neat. I do miss the Namco museum atmosphere of just walking around to the really chill music and looking at the exhibits. Thank you, dark Tetsuya. Like honestly, has there been a Namco collection as good as that PlayStation one collection? I don't think so. I really don't. Um,
I would love I don't see this happening, but I'm gonna say it anyway, because it's a podcast. I would love for the entire n a m c o trademark, all of those games to be rereleased in one fucking massive arcade collection released on like PS four, five Xbox switch. I don't give a shit. Just something modern. I would love all of that. That would be so
cool. Dark Sakura, you're a Namco fan. I, I am quite confident you already own the entire Namco museum on PS one. But would you would you be into something like I'm suggesting?
Possibly, yeah. It would all depend on factors. Many factors.
Dark Tetsuya says I know there were a couple on PlayStation two that had a good chunk of those. That is true. And actually, how could I forget? I didn't forget. I'm gonna bring it up. But actually, the Namco collection they had on PlayStation three. While it didn't have as many games on it. I don't know if you all remember.
OLR has a cameo in that game. Somebody on the inside wink, wink, nudge nudge is a fan of OLR. And in the loading screen or something that one of the like tutorial screens will say, what is it you look at the high it says you can compete with your friends online. And it actually shows a high score table. And if you look at the high score table, it says like the initials are like OLR. And then it says like sky, which is the name I was on Twitter for a long time. Dark
Sakura, Loki, so like our names are in it. And then I think I think tingle is on there. Or no, it says tangle or something like like they changed the name slightly of tingle from from, you know, Zelda because they obviously can't use that. But it was something like adjacent. So if you didn't already know that extra name that was on it was supposed to be like tingle. Back to the old end joke of having Loki dress up in a tingle costume. Yeah, they did something like tinkle or something
where it was just slightly different, but it close enough. It was enough. Yeah, it was it was enough to make my little heart happy. And I will say, you know, we're coming up on 20 years OLR, right? Reminder June 26. If you kind of ask going back 20 years of OLR, like what is one of your like greatest achievements? I would say when we showed up in a game like that, even though it was something small, it was something subtle to me. And that's not the only one either. But
I'll let you find the others. Um, the fact that we showed up in a game like that, like just meant the world that was very much like a holy shit, like
that was the we kind of made it moment.
Yeah, that was like the we made it heavy. And you notice not even the podcast award, which was cool, too. Don't get me wrong. But like, that was the moment was like, Oh, shit. Now. Now we're in the game. Now we're in the game. That was the moment that really was. And then of course, and Bobby Blackwell says even yyr wouldn't put
me in his games. I thought there was supposed to be a villain named Blackwolf in one of the games. Maybe I made that up. But um, maybe it wasn't a different OLR dream game came in there. But that was that was certainly the other when yyr actually did bungee ferret tossing. But that came second, if I remember right, when yyr actually did bungee ferret tossing. And that was like a whole game available on the 360 at the time that was made out of an OLR in joke, that was like the same type of thing where it was like,
holy shit, like that was the moment that's it's meta. It's where the gaming podcast very became a game. Sorta. So I love it. So those are those are just some like, those are definitely like some highlights. So yeah, just always, always very thrilling. So all right. There was supposed to be another. I got to go to look that up. I don't know if I don't know if the game came out or what but anyway, I was I was alerted to keep my eyes
out and ears open. But that's all I'll say for now. All right. Before I get in trouble or get I don't want to get anyone else in trouble either for sure. Um, so any better, I better hear about this offline. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Um, all right. Let's get into some more news. However, a lot going on in the industry. Let's get to Loki.
Yes, it's like we get so many different things. Well, most of the stories we've heard about Netflix recently about what are they canceling. So it's nice to know what's something that's being worked on, I guess it's coming at some point. But horizon zero dawn apparently is going to be coming to Netflix as a series of some sort. So that's pretty cool. Obviously, I don't know if they have any sort of
timeline in mind for that. But um, yeah, that would be very interesting, I think, if they do it right. But I don't know, like a big F. Yeah, it would be hard to it's a good property to do it. But like, like, for example, you know, don't do a Paramount Plus did with Halo, you know, actually have people that are making the project, play the games and be familiar with the game.
And not just go, Well, I want to make my own thing in a sci fi world with dinosaur robots, you know, have someone somewhat competent. Put that together, please. Yeah.
Um, questmaster in chat says that twitch tv slash vog network says I can only hope they do it justice. Well, that's what any any gaming fan wants is they want their franchise to be done justice. Like, I don't know, like, when I look at the 90s Mortal Kombat movie, as much as people dislike that movie for various reasons, I sort of look at it and I go but it did the games justice. Like the the 90s games were cheesy, you know, and it gave it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did it did
do justice, I think, to the series. And I think that's why gamers kind of forgive that movie. And
I'm not talking about the newer Mortal Kombat, which I personally didn't see yet anyway, because
it came out at the height of the pandemic. And it was pretty good to was it I just didn't see it. But
yeah, it doesn't have that cheesy char as like the 90s one, but like, yeah, pretty good. Yeah. Um,
and then also, I'm thinking of Silent Hill. Like, you know, I think like Dark Soccer, I know, you
feel the same way I did where it's like, a lot of people didn't like the movie, but I thought it was
great. Like, especially the sequel. Yeah, well, I have not seen the sequel yet. The sequel is not
as warmly received. But you you, you probably cut it a lot more slack because it does justice for
you to the games. You know, it's based off of Silent Hill three. So that's why I like it.
Now, Funara is my favorite. Yeah. Funara in chat says hopefully by the same kind of people who did
the Witcher bit, even though they were pulling more from the books than the games. Yeah. I mean,
even though the Witcher Yeah, technically, it's based on the books. I think we all know
the games are hugely influential to the show, and so forth. And honestly, the Witcher and the games,
I think are why and the success of the TV show are why we're seeing now horizon Zero Dawn,
we know Final Fantasy 14 got picked up at some point, which I think was also by the
Witcher group, actually. So I'm, can I tell you how interesting the Final Fantasy 14 Oh,
God, if they do it right, if they actually give like each, I don't know if they're going to tell
the same story. But like if they actually give each expansion like its own season.
It's the shadow bringers and the end Walker seasons are going to be so good. I could cry.
Like I just I please like do it as long as they do it justice. That's for sure. Um, but um, yeah,
so there's, there's that. And then I think, we know Mass Effect got changed from the movie,
it was supposed to be 10 years ago or something to now it's going to be a series. And that's,
that's the whole thing too. So yeah, just all and now of course, Halo had a series for better for
worse. Yes. And just all this stuff is getting picked up for series now. So it's it's, it's
interesting how much video games is now impacting the TV world. So and then of course, anime, right?
So Castlevania, and the anime was very well received. And there's other games that are
going that route as well. So
even like I hear the Cuphead shows. All right. Oh, is I don't see I totally forgot that came
out. But yeah, that's kids. Well, my son watched the he binges the whole thing really fast. So
like, I don't know, he apparently enjoyed it. Yeah. I need to watch the new Stranger Things
that just came out just just in time for when I canceled Netflix. Well, there's that and then I
have to watch you know that I don't I'm not a huge fan of like Star Wars stuff. I need to watch
the new Obi Wan series. I watched a little bit of it with Dan and I'm sorry, Leah is sassy and
I love her. Little Leah is the best. Wait, they they have like a new layer.
Well, it's set like before her adulthood. Oh, okay, I get it. Like at right after order
Young Obi Wan like like just after like the
prequels middle age Obi Wan. Okay, I get it. Because I was like,
Carrie Fisher cannot be replaced. And I feel bad for whoever that actress is. But okay. Oh,
this kid does her justice. Okay, that's great to hear. That's great to hear. And yeah,
child is a different scenario. Yeah. So okay, that's neat.
Honestly, her attitude makes me think of
Okay, what was her name in in in chair of swords? That was the the little girl who led the north one
of the north is Aria Stark because is that Aria? I don't remember.
It was an L.
I know. I don't know. I don't know the dragon soap opera. I don't Yes, the wrong person.
It's a good show. She's a badass 10 year old. Okay. All right.
Fair enough. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm hopeful the horizon zero dawn show will not suck because
again, I didn't beat the the new game or the first game, but I enjoyed what I played in the first
game. I actually need to go back and beat it like it was good enough for me to go back and play
through at some point. But you know, there's just so many games to play and not enough time. It's
the eternal struggle, right? All right. Too many irons in the fire and not enough hammers.
A song of ice and fire. Is that it? No. All right. I'm thinking of the stupid show because
I started reading the books and hated them. Let's move on. Speaking of things that were hated by a
lot of people. Some nasty news was out earlier this week that had come out of Asia, where
PlayStation Plus the new version was going live, where some folks who gamed the system early on
basically stacking up their time that we're going to be converted to get the highest tier of
PlayStation now at a lower price. We're getting hit with an upgrade tax, dun dun dun. But it
actually came out and I will quickly add to the story that Sony came out and said, Oh, it was a
mistake. This pricing pricing fiasco was an error. In a tweet was the official asked PlayStation
account said due to a technical error, players in Asia who have previously purchased a PlayStation
Plus membership and a discount have been incorrectly charged for their upgrade pricing.
This error has been fixed and impacted players will receive a credit. We thank you for your
patience. Okay, I'm glad they fixed it. And that's the important thing at the end of the day.
You can't help but wonder, were they gonna find multiple people in chat put mistake in quotes,
you have to wonder, would they have been so quick to find that mistake? If social media and gaming
media had not pointed it out for them? multiple times? You have to wonder,
oh, our bad that we got caught. Oops. Now, some other news coming out of the launch of
PlayStation Plus in or the you know, the new PlayStation Plus in Asia is that the classic
games, some of them are the PAL versions, which you may recall was a lot of the shit that the
PlayStation classic got in trouble for. I should say they don't all use PAL regions. But some of
them do. So for example, ape escape was one that was noted, I think a I don't think the cloud
service had completely rolled out. But ape escape was somehow available. So a Twitter user actually
grabbed it and found, oh, it runs at the PAL frame rate, which is actually a lower frame rate. So
it's a 50 hertz frame rate instead of 60. Well, once again, because social media is so quick to
point this out, I believe Sony actually put out some type of patch to try to correct this. But it
made it worse. Because they're trying to force the 5060 frames a second through some sort of I don't
know, like, like, basically machine learning or whatever to put it out there. And it's not actually
just the PAL version. So I don't know why they just can't emulate the fucking PAL version. I
don't know what's holding them back. Some people were speculating is it because maybe the region
that this was released in is it defaulted to NTSC? I don't know. But it's an issue that should be
dealt with now. ape escape, hotshots golf, jumping flash, all were observed to be using PAL. But
Tekken two was NTSC. So and considering Tekken two is a fighting game. That's some good news.
But that is that is I don't know, it's just weird that this is happening. And that you would think
somebody Sony kind of realizes this is an issue, right? I don't know. I'm dark to see you didn't
really know. Yeah, didn't Nintendo give Europe the 60 hertz versions? Anyway, I'm pretty sure
because now that everything is high definition television, all of that stuff is out the window.
The reason why this was all an issue to begin with is because the old CRT televisions were different
between Europe and the US. And I believe Asia had the same type of TVs we had here in the US.
Yeah, they're NTSC.
Yeah. But the PAL TVs over in Europe. That's why whenever you see like an old episode of Doctor
Who, or if you ever watched old BBC stuff that they would play on PBS, it looked different,
like it kind of looked weird, right? That's because it was converted from PAL and PAL had
a different resolution as well. PAL was a slight wasn't like 20 pixels bigger. I remember right.
For refresh rate.
Yeah, it was just it was refresh rate. Yeah. So now Oh, yeah. And then there was C cam.
I forgot about C cam. That was in. Was that in other non Japan, Asia territories? I can't
remember where C cam was. It was somewhere else. But um, yeah, there was that third format. So
yeah, D'Arcy says I remember the whole policy cam thing back in the 90s. I read about it all the
time and mags back then. Yep. Zen monkey says I don't blame Sony for trying to take advantage of
an exploit. Gamers are ripping them off. So they tried to balance out. I think I think what was
pissing people off was that you were kind of forced into it. So like, Sony should have at
least given the I mean, obviously, they reverse course, but they should have like had the option
or they should have done something where it's like, hey, since you bought it at this lower rate,
it's converted to the amount that you actually bought from the real prices. I don't know. They
probably could have done that. And people would have been like, Oh, sucks, but they would have
dealt with it. You know, Pele Hanumea points out my Amiga monitor could handle PAL, but the bottom
of the PAL games were cut off. Yeah, the Commodore platforms in particular are interesting because
they were bigger in Europe than they were over here in the US. So a lot of it was kind of, you
know, focused to that. So just kind of interesting. A game I've been playing is a PAL game. But I
haven't noticed any cutoff. It could be the the PAL dialogue. The European dialogue applied to
the Japanese version. Yeah, yeah. But which now now I'm playing it. I know why it never came out
over here. It's a little dark and more than that tons of religious iconery and iconography and tons
of questionable speech. It's been a long time since I played it. And I don't think I got I only
beat Soul Blazer and got most of the way through Gaia. Terranigma, obviously the one not actually
released here. I got the least furthest and I played it but not not as much as you have at this
point. It just made it to America. And I just I spent the whole time like on my Wednesday stream
yelling at Columbus, who was completely different characterization, of course, in the game, you know,
fictional everything. But I was like, No, you don't want to spread love between nations. You
were trying to take people over and money and colonization and blah, blah, blah. I was just
like going off on him. History lesson. All right. How much further do you have to go? You think?
I don't know. I'm not looking ahead on purpose. Fair enough. I know. You don't want a spoiler.
So it's fine. Yeah. All right. Let's move on. We have more stories. Dark Soccer, I believe the next
one is yours. Also, Sony. Well, I remember how there was the whole gender discrimination lawsuit
and we brought it up several times in light of Activision. Well, to go over a little bit more
about this. It was a an employee named Emma, is it Majo or Majo? I don't know offhand, who was
an IT analyst, had filed a suit against Sony in November of 2021. That, you know, just basically
going over some of the same stuff we've already talked about, about women being paid less, denied
promotions, usually that type of thing. And then there were more allegations, of course, that came
out. Eight more employees came out and said it. The federal judge had ultimately moved to dismiss
the lawsuit in April, citing a lack of specific facts. But certain elements of the case could
proceed, specifically those relating to her dismissal from PlayStation and violations of
whistleblower protections. Those could be resubmitted with more detail. And that's what she
did. She did an amended version of the lawsuit with a narrower focus, has been submitted to the
California court, this time seeking damages for all women who worked at PlayStation's California
locations below the vice president level, rather than for all female PlayStation
employees across the U.S. The allegations are very similar, but basically going, you know, that
women were passed up for promotion in favor of male colleagues, unequal pay, retaliation. But now
it explicitly adds, and I'm quoting here, more specific facts about the class-wide policies and
practices which institutionalized gender-based discrimination and gender-based harassment.
These are also including some of the declarations that were made by the other employees who came
forward. And then a Deloitte study in which Sony was found to have a very low percentage of women
in management positions compared to its peers. Sony has not made a comment on it yet. So we'll
see how this plays out. This isn't something Sony is just going to be able to blink and make go away
though, because it's not often you hear about a lawsuit being dismissed, but then coming back with
kind of like the extra stuff to push it forward. So that's kind of what makes this particular
piece, I think, interesting is that, you know, since it was dismissed before, but now it's like,
no, we have the additional information needed. So it's going to be interesting to see where this
ends up. And Sony is definitely going to have to acknowledge it. And yeah, usually, you know, they
were getting into that E3 time of year. Sony historically has not had a lot of women on stage.
So it'd be interesting to see how they respond to that. All right. But until we have more info from
the courts, which will probably be years away, let's be real. I'm not sure there's a lot else
we can say on that. So for now, we'll go to our next story. Loki.
Yeah, so Sony is looking to bring some more of their titles to PC. And you may remember,
they've been doing that quite often with lots of past titles, including I'm trying to think I know,
I think Horizon was on its way to PC already. And then they've uncharted and all that stuff.
But no, they've already announced that they're going to be including quite a few of the first
party titles. So Ratchet and Clank, God of War, they're bringing uncharted last of us. And I'm not
sure what else they're looking to bring a horizon Forbidden West, of course, they publish that.
But yeah, and this is, um, I know that they're they're also are data miners had also found
returnal was one that was slated for a PC port as well. But the fact that they're bringing more
to PC is great. Especially since I can't get PlayStation five. Yeah, I was gonna say the
returnal is a really big deal. Because that's a PlayStation five exclusive. You can't play that
on PlayStation four. So the fact that that could possibly be something that you could play through
PC would be pretty great, I think. So we'll see what comes to that. But I'd be into that.
Yeah, probably why also why this isn't really such a surprise, but they had an investor call
that they said that no first party games will be released on PlayStation five in 2025. But they're
not planning on letting the platform die. I think you meant to say PlayStation four. No, no, I'm
sorry, PlayStation four. Yeah. So they're not gonna not gonna be releasing on 20 in 2025. So that's
still a few years away. But so in the meantime, they're planning on supporting PlayStation four,
for at least a few more years, probably because there's no PlayStation fives available.
They got to make money somehow. And they are making money quite, or they are selling quite a
few of those units, at least on PlayStation four. Wonder if we'll see in like, well, they've already
done like a redesign of PlayStation four, probably not another redesign, but maybe PlayStation five
redesign. No, people are kind of excited about something like that. And the Xbox series X and S
redesigns here. There was buzz about that earlier this week with absolutely no information
whatsoever on it just, I think people just kind of feel like it's the time for it. But, you know,
and I would I would definitely say, you know, from the old calendars, this would be about the year
you would see like a PlayStation hardware refresh or something. But I think the combination of the
pandemic, leading to the ship chip shortage, leading to why we can't have PlayStation fives
very easily. I'm not sure it's going to make that easy, especially if PlayStation VR two
is happening this year. That seems like a bit of a whammy to hit in the same year,
asking people to get a PlayStation VR two and a PS five Pro, I'm using my quoting fingers,
whatever it is, that's a lot for one year. So I feel like it's it's one or the other, not both.
Yeah. And also, I think that would be confusing, too, because you're going to have
basically three skews at that point. You're at the PlayStation four that you're still supporting
until twenty twenty five, your regular PlayStation five and your PlayStation five
pro would get confusing. Yeah. Not to say that they don't do that sort of weird
tearing things on their services already. So sure. Why not? Why not? Sony probably sells
40 times types of televisions. Why not three PlayStations? Yeah, they're going to they're
going to support the PlayStation four until twenty twenty five. It's only going to output,
though, a power resolutions and power refresh rates. So going forward, it's just saying,
beware of that. E3 VL in our chat points out it's easier to get PlayStation fives than before
GameStop and Wal-Mart have been doing events. Yeah, I've been generally hearing that, too,
that it's getting a little easier to get your hands on one. I just have at this point,
I'm not going to buy one until after the summer season because I need Sony to confirm
that they're not doing a hardware upgrade this year and then probably I'll buy one.
Well, I just I need one for five se 16. So whenever if 16 is coming out this year,
then fuck it. I'm buying a PlayStation five. But if it's not coming out this year,
I might still wait, especially with this news about the PC stuff and that everything is still
on PlayStation four. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah. Quest Busters in the same boat
as me. It's a good boat and there's lots of room in this boat. I think there's a lot of us in it.
So all right. Well, when we might figure out more information could be Sony's state of play event,
which is scheduled for June 2, that's next week. So I don't know if this is supposed to be their
E3 replacement or what. It's only a 30 minute broadcast, but you can still put a lot of
information in 30 minutes and maybe, you know, honestly, honestly, truly, if you take the fluff
out of a 60 minute presentation, 90 minute presentation, you probably only have about
30 minutes left. So it'll be interesting to see what happens. They are saying new game reveals,
sneak peeks, updates, and they are including in that some exciting reveals from our third
party partners. And they are confirming a sneak peek at several games in development for PlayStation
VR two, which makes me think PS VR two is this year. But I could be wrong. And that's, that's
okay. But if I feel like if they're starting to show off those games, then that hardware is
probably a little sooner rather than later, especially if it will just inherently support
the PlayStation four VR library. You know, then that way, it's already going to have a library
when this comes out. So it'll be interesting to see what happens. Again, it's June 2, it's going
to be three o'clock Pacific, six o'clock Eastern. So sadly, that's still during the workday for me,
which is kind of annoying. So I'm not sure I can actually watch it live here on vogue, although
that is that's Thursday, I might be able to swing it. But no promises. So e3 vl says probably a
teaser for Summer Games Fest a week later, I don't expect Sony is going to be participating at the
same level at Summer Games Fest. I'm sure they will maybe have something thrown in there. But
probably they'll rely on their partners. ie Kojima, if Kojima is really up to something,
whatever it is, be it that they're going to confirm the Death Stranding sequel or
heaven forbid, the fans are going to get their way and he's involved with something meteor is that
that might be the place to confirm that. But that would probably be more of a third party announcement
type of thing. Although, I guess there was also that rumor going around that Sony might just
straight up bottom. So I don't know. We'll have to wait and see. We will have to wait and see and
y'all will just have to deal with waiting. Um, one thing you do get to see on Friday, though.
So again, now that we don't have e3 anymore, companies are kind of doing this whenever they
want. Sega is going to be doing an event on June 3. It's it. I believe that's eight o'clock in
Japan. That's going to be early morning for us. I don't know that quite the time conversion,
but it's going to be early early morning. Sega is going to do a Sega new project announcement
live stream. You can watch it on YouTube, Nico Nico and Twitter it is available there.
No idea what could be here. But a Twitter user has observed that the presenter lineup is the same
as the Genesis and Mega Drive mini live stream. So could it be something where we have more
Sega retro collection things coming? Who knows? I would you know, we've heard that Sega wants
to revive some of their old stuff like potentially crazy taxi jet set radio, things like that.
I think we'd all be extremely happy to hear a new jet set radios coming but
keep keep your expectations manageable. It's probably another Sonic game. No. Well,
it also in all seriousness, Sonic does have that. You know, everything's going open world now.
Sonic has that open world game coming out. But I don't I don't think this is about that because
they they've already announced it and they would have just said it's a stream about the new Sonic
game. But they're saying this is a new project announcement. So orange right says wait to hear
about their NFTs. You need to take that back right now. Orange right in chat says clearly
it's going to be the Dreamcast to JK you joke but if it was like a mini Dreamcast I think we'd all
be there for that. I mean, hell yeah. Speaking of NFTs, because it didn't hit the show roll
anywhere else. Did you hear about Bobby Blackwell's favorite series?
No, Nino Cooney just launched a mobile PC gotcha kind of title. And apparently it's it's it doesn't
have NFTs in it yet. But people have observed on their roadmap. It is something that's coming to
the game. I have some friends on Twitter that got into it before that news came out. But I,
I was like, I'm not going to play another gotcha game right now. I'm just I'm just not.
All right, everybody in chat is saying no, no, it's all right, fine. I'll talk about something
else. Questbuster does point out it's by net marble, which who depending on who you talk
to and gotcha circles is automatically a red flag. All right, let's move on. We,
we need to we need to talk about games from before the NFT era. So Dark Sakura four times. Yeah.
So this is rumor-y. This is conjecture. This is but in PlayStation Plus in Asian regions,
they saw artwork for Dino Crisis, the original Dino Crisis. The game is not in the catalog.
But actually, with the launch this week, it has fewer games that they than they expected to have.
But if the lead character for Dino Crisis is used on the cover,
highlighting the classic games, then the theory is going that Dino Crisis may be among them.
And it's a pretty convincing screenshot. Just looking it over. I mean, it's
where they go to classics catalog. She is their face and everybody.
So they're thinking that it is going to be coming out eventually. And I don't know what's
there. Yeah, it's it's so at any rate, it's a fair conclusion to jump to,
I think. No, no, no, um, some music started playing on my side, which only I could hear,
I'm sorry. But at any rate, I mean, we've had people asking for this game to be released in
some form or another for a while. I mean, it almost seems that the I mean, well, it was
actually just abandoned the whole IP there. So if we can have it coming back, that would be pretty
nice. All right. Let's listen evil is having this big surge of happy popularity. Why not Dino
Crisis? Why not? And then you know what, we can get a dinosaur killer in dead by daylight.
I'm all for that. You hear me behavior? Why not steal my ideas? Hire me? Why not a tie in with
Jurassic Park? Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Jurassic Park dead by daylight. You ready? The
killer the velociraptor, although it could be the T or X, whatever. But the survivor is Laura Dern.
I just got Laura Dern in a video game needs to happen.
It did to the other one could be Malcolm.
It could be Yeah, that's true. It's true. Malcolm. Jeff Goldblum is Malcolm would be
good. Jeff Goldblum. I think Laura is Ellie or something like that. But yeah, I would I would,
like I just when I think of dead by daylight and gay rights, and it is Pride Month.
Laura Dern needs to be in the game.
So kind of hope we get the Babadook.
I'd love that. All right. Orange right does point out the T Rex would be too big. But then again,
they said the same thing about Ridley. Well, that's that's why I went for a velociraptor.
They they do all have to be built on a humanoid skeleton. Even the dredge is built on a humanoid
skeleton. I looked at the the the armature for it. Yeah, demo dog, because there are
common animations. Yeah. But actually, I'll tell you what's really funny is taking the
wraith skeleton and applying it to the pig. She just sort of hangs there really tall with her
head to the side. But But yeah, going back to the actual story. It'd be cool. People will be happy
about it. I don't see how you could go. Nevermind. I'm not going to say that because I know how they
could go wrong with it. But there you go. Before we get to our next story, a tip from
Phanara in our chat room at twitch.tv slash vog network. This isn't in our show role,
but it's a worthy headline that if you are a user of the epic game store, the Bioshock collection is
the free giveaway this week. So make sure to grab that. Thank you for the reminder. I hadn't grabbed
that yet. I got Borderlands. I thought it was just Bioshock three. No, it's the whole collection.
It's the collection. Yeah. It's one to an infinite. Yeah. So which I've already got
the others. And I have to go grab the others. I believe collection would be the HD remasters
on top of that. So because Yeah, yeah, they they remastered the one and two at some point. So yeah,
it's definitely worth picking up if you don't already have it. So cool. All right, makes makes
me wonder if they're finally about to announce another one because you know, supposedly he's
been working on one for a while. And summer's coming up. And that's when they announce new
stuff. And actually, this brings I just thought of a problem with them doing Dino crisis. Hmm.
The dinosaurs are so inaccurate now now that we know that they all had feathers.
Oh, they'd have to completely redo all the dinosaurs. They are doing that in Jurassic Park.
I know. Well, they're wrong. Well, it could it doesn't have to be right.
You know, if you could tell you what because they combined it with frog DNA or something like that.
So it kind of does bug me now though, going back and seeing all these representatives of what
people thought they look like and now actually knowing no, they're giant chickens. Giant chickens.
I'm not I'm not taking you to see 80s horror movies and all the all the things they get
wrong about a multitude of things creatures. Blood physics, those dinosaurs were real.
That's true. They were they were I mean, humans didn't live with dinosaurs. That's a myth. But
you know, this wasn't the Flintstones. Alright, moving on, let's get into a few more stories for
you. And then we'll get to the classic game of the week. And all I'm going to say I'm not going
to give it away. But I'm just going to say this week selection is one of those games where you're
going to go. Oh, not this. This isn't this isn't old enough. This is not old enough.
I'll leave you on that note. Hold on. For now, Loki.
Yes. So the there's members at Activision Blizzard, the employees have formed a new
committee to try to combat the sexism, inequality and gender bias that they've experienced at the
studio. I know surprising. The workplace responsibility committee. They have a four
page document that basically includes their demands. And that includes a private lactation
support 12 weeks of paid parental leave the implementation of independent investigations
for employee complaints and incidents. Yeah, I wonder why they would need that. You know,
but yeah, it's it's nice to see these groups kind of more organizing, although you know,
it would really help them a little bit better as if they just had a union across the whole company.
I think we're going to get there. It's just a matter of time.
We'll see. So the 12 weeks paid off or time off for parental leave is basically opposed to the
10 weeks that they currently get. So they're asking for more benefits in that sense.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know, especially with all the eyes kind of on Activision right now
with all of the allegations coming out from them. I mean, it might help them with some of this
momentum, right? And what they're asking for is certainly not unreasonable. Like you might be
sitting there going, gosh, you're asking for this is actually there's there's a lot of companies out
there that have these sorts of you know, benefits for employees since you know, that's how you get
a company of those type of benefits make you want to work or for an employee or for an employer and
stay loyal to it when they have those sorts of things. So you know, and especially when people
are abandoning about Activision Blizzard left and right because of everything the company's been
going through. I don't think these sorts of protections are too much to ask quite frankly.
So all right. Well, moving on before we get to the classic game of the week, let's talk about
a classic archive because I think this is pretty cool. And it's being done by an Embracer group,
which is also known as THQ Nordic back in the day. And plus, you know, you hadn't heard of
Embracer group a lot recently until that whole recent acquisition of the Square Enix West Coast
stuff. Or not West Coast, what am I saying? Sorry, Square Enix, like, well, because Crystal Dynamics
is on the West Coast, there's some other but like Montreal and all that stuff, the stuff in
the Americas, basically, that Embracer took from Square Enix. But Embracer is doing some other
stuff as well, including the Embracer games archive, where they want to save as much of the
games industry as possible. They have a whole new website, Embracer.com slash about slash games
archive. And that is a place where they kind of show you more about what this archive is all
about. It's not really an online archive, it's actually a physical archive. And you can see lots
of pictures there. They have already archived 50,000 games, consoles and accessories. If you
want to visit the hub, though, and I'm not hearing it's open to the public yet. But if you want to
visit the hub, it's in Karlstad, Sweden, to have a little trip to make for most of you out there.
But the archive does have a CEO, an archive assistant, a technical engineer and a supply
manager. So Embracer is putting money into this by paying those salaries. And that's worth noting
is that they're, they're putting their money where their mouth is literally, which is kind of neat
with that. They're trying to build a database, and they're going to be cataloging, they're hoping to
network and collaborate with initiatives, museums and institutions. And they also do intend to
exhibit part of the archive locally and with like traveling satellite exhibitions, basically,
they do not have a wanted list of things they need yet. But if a collector wants to get in touch,
they sure would like to hear from you. In a comment, David Bostrom said, Imagine a place
this is CEO, imagine a place where physical video games, consoles and accessories are gathered at
the same place. And think about how much that could mean for games culture and enabling video
games research. This journey has just been started. And we're at an early stage at Embracer
games archive, we believe that games carry a heritage we're celebrating and safeguarding for
the future. Our goal is clear, we want to archive and save as much of the video games industry as
possible. So that's pretty neat that they are doing that. And I will say this, it's basically
like dark soccer as vault, but like on a much larger scale. So what this is, it's pretty cool.
So very cool. The vault is kind of downscaled unless you add the pinballs to it, then they're
all going to be in the garage. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. Well, as promised,
we're going to take a trip down memory lane in our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And dark soccer, what did you pick tonight?
There we go, sorry. I picked Journey. I'd hit the button, but it didn't trigger it.
That's right.
Yeah, not the old Journey, which I've already done. Not Journey to Syllabus,
which I've already done. But Journey that came out in 2012.
So yes, this game is 10 years old, and we're all having a moment.
Well, you might. I'm not.
I am.
Um, so it came out in North America on March 13, 2021, and in Europe on March 14,
2021, probably because they actually did get a simultaneous release, and it was time difference.
So it is an indie adventure game that was made by That Game Company and Santa Monica Studio,
published by Sony, directed by Jenova Chen. It was released on PlayStation 3 on the PlayStation
Network, and then ported to PS4 July 2015, and then on Windows and iOS.
So when you play Journey, you're playing a robed figure
who is traveling toward a mountain. And other people are playing at the same time.
And they don't tell you first that you're playing a multiplayer game.
You run into other robed figures. And sometimes you help them.
And sometimes you ignore them or they ignore you.
But the whole thing is that the only way that you have to communicate with each other is a
little musical chime. And it will change this cloth that you find in different levels into
this vibrant red. And it allows you to progress through the levels.
They wanted to try to evoke these emotions and the sense of bonding with people as you go through.
And the music also dynamically responds to your actions. So you have a single theme,
but with variations as you go through. Honestly, it won many Game of the Year awards.
It won Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media. Actually, no, it got a nomination for Best Score
Soundtrack for Visual Media in the 2013 Grammys. There is a collector's edition that has the other
of that game company's previous titles and other media that came out in August 2012.
So it's all wordless. The cutscenes are just visual.
I don't really want to go into spoilers on it, because I do think that if people haven't played
it, they really should sit down and do it. But you can play through the whole thing in
two or three hours, if I recall correctly. Now, going into the development of this one.
Now, the first two games that that game company did was Flow and Flower. And I played Flower.
Did you ever play Flower? I did. It's great.
And so the development for Journey started in 2009 after Flower was released. And they had an
18-person development team, mostly people who worked on the previous two games.
But basically, Sony wanted the game done in a year rather than the three. But they knew that
they would need an extension on this one, because doing it in a year was unrealistic.
It took even longer than they thought it would, because the communication aspect really was what
took a lot of effort. And then the team was originally like seven people and grew to 18
people. And then Sony's extension ran out, but the game still didn't bring the emotions that
they wanted. So Sony gave them one more year and exceeded even that. The project, though,
was causing a lot of problems, a lot of stress, a lot of arguments. They had to reduce over time
because of project burnout. And then they had almost been driven to bankruptcy in the final
months of development, and some of the developers had gone unpaid. Because the whole thing is that
for them to just get it out, they had to basically let the game go. Just finish it
and learning to let go of those ideas that they couldn't make it into the game
and just work well together. And that ended up actually kind of going into the theme of the game.
The whole point was to make you feel small and give you this sense of awe about where you were.
It wanted to move beyond the competitive nature of most games. And there actually was a prototype
called Dragon that had players trying to draw away a large monster, but they discarded it when
it was basically players were ignoring each other to do their own objectives. And so they designed
Journey as, well, their analogy for it was like a Japanese garden where they remove all the elements
that didn't fit so that the emotions would stay. It was very minimalist. With that minimalist
approach, with it being less complicated, it was perfect, basically. They said that three of their
25 testers cried when they finished the game. It is based off of Middle Eastern concepts,
some Arabic culture, some of the architecture, and also a little bit of Chinese and Tibetan
cultural influences. Of course, that comes from Chen's background. And they wanted it to be fully
cooperative without forcing it and they wanted to eliminate all need of competition. You know,
they felt that caring about the other player could be diluted by too much going on in the game
and that they wanted to show the positive side of humanity.
So when this came out, there was the PlayStation Home Game Space. There was, you know, that came out
with the release of the game. The Collector's Edition retail one came out in August, like I said
earlier. There's also, like I said with that, they also released Flow and Flower with director
commentaries, art galleries, and soundtracks of all the games, non-related mini games, and
more content for PlayStation 3. And then they did a hardcover book called The Art of Journey.
And then it kept coming out and basically the port that came out for Windows and iOS
was done by Annapurna Interactive. The music was done by Austin Wintory,
who also worked on Flow. And he worked with the sound designer because they wanted all of these
actions to be interactive, a little bit more like what you have. Like I said earlier,
as you do certain things in the game, the music is going to switch over to a variation.
And the soundtrack is actually available on iTunes and PlayStation Network.
And it, like I said, it was also Grammy nominated. There's also, this in 2012, there was a download
only album on Bandcamp called Journey Bonus Bundle, which had different variations of themes
from Journey and Flow. And then a full soundtrack was released after that. There was a piano
arrangement called Transfiguration that came out after that, also on Bandcamp and as a physical
album. And then a two record vinyl version that was released in 2015. There was a Kickstarter for
a Journey live concert tour, and they will have people playing it and have the ensemble react in
real time. It had a modified version of the game that they use with the music disabled.
It well surpassed its goal. Then on March 2022, so this year on the game's 10th anniversary,
Wintory released a rearranged version of Journey soundtrack with a full orchestra done by the
London Symphony Orchestra, the London Voice Choir, and cellist Tina Guo. It's called
Traveler, a Journey Symphony with reimagined elements and larger sets of instruments and
more vocalists. Basically it's bigger and better and more moving. But yeah, this game got so many
accolades. The Metacritic scores for both PS3 and PS4 were 92 of 100. Everywhere, there's not a
score on here that's less... Okay, there was one that gave it an eight out of 10. It was Edge,
but are they around anymore? I don't think so. I think they are actually, but it's all right.
But Touch Arcade gave it a four and a half of five stars and everyone else was either
a nine of 10 or a 10 of 10. The only thing that really drew any criticism was the length and the
pacing. Not all players appreciated a deliberate melancholic pace as one critic said. That was
actually from the Edge review. They were basically saying it wasn't complicated enough. Well, that
person's entitled to their bad opinion. But they also said it could be compared to a concert or
well-directed film or a book you've been looking forward to. That it will create memories that last.
All right, is that it? That's it. All right, classic game of the week. Journey, not to be
confused with a 1980s rock band that also had their own video game, but the classic that was
released on the PlayStation 3. And you know, just to, you know, obviously Jamie Scott had given us
the rundown of this game's history and so forth, but there's a couple quick things I want to say.
Number one, I really believe this is one of the best video games they've ever made. Like I think
it goes beyond a classic game for me and that's my opinion. But I think this is truly one of the
best video games out there, period. And I know now that we're 10 years out, we talk a little more
openly about spoilers. But I think the fact that they hid that it was a multiplayer game
and you discovered that as you were playing it, but yet were not able to communicate in a
traditional method with the other player. I thought it was downright revolutionary at the time
and really just added to the art that this game was. And yes, as Bobby was pointing out in the
chat, Robin, I saw that concert. I don't know if this is like, maybe this thing they did at
MagFest, they're taken on the road or something like that. But I will say one of the best gaming
culture things I've ever seen was kind of what you were describing there, but they did that at
MagFest. God, I've lost all track of time. I want to say maybe that was 2017. I don't remember what
year. Bobby will probably remember better. But that was, yeah, that was when they actually
performed the whole game while somebody was playing it and Austin Montori was there conducting
it. And they were online and another player did join and was helpful. And that was all stuff you
can't really control. So that's so cool. Bobby does confirm the MagFest concert was the precursor
to the Kickstarter. Well, I'm not surprised because I'm sure a lot of people felt how we felt
about that concert, that it was just, it was outstanding and it deserved to be seen by more
people. So yeah, just a little personal touch on the game there for me, but I truly believe this
is one of those, like, I don't necessarily have a list of like 50 games you must play before you
die. But like, if I did have a list, this would be on it for sure. I think this is one of the greatest
video games I've ever made. I really do. There it is. Classic game of the week. Journey. All right.
Good pick. Good, good pick. All right. Let's make sure my co hosts are visible again. There we go.
And then we can get back into some rapid fire news and quickly talk about some other headlines.
So Loki, we'll go to you. Well, since Rob already had mentioned it in his gaming week,
Nomad Sky has another update. So they've added Space Whales. And I didn't say anything about
the Space Whales because I haven't gotten there yet. I thought you did because you mentioned like
the whole organic thing. Well, shit, I ruin everything. So it's Nomad Sky Leviathan.
They've got a whole new kind of roguelike mode that's in it as well. And yeah, the giant Space
Whales, which are hardly I mean, it looks more like a space squid than the Space Whale,
but whatever it does. Fish, free space fash. Although whales technically not fish, so
I said space cuttlefish.
And then on Nintendo Switch Online, there are some updates coming in May. So we have on the
Super Nintendo Rival turf and Kongo's caper. And then pinball on the NES.
Pinball on the NES was actually kind of rad for its time. I mean, you know,
I had it and it was all right. I played that when you can have pinbot
on NES. Well, I wish I wish they would put that on Switch Online and hard driving while they're
at it. But what and you know, pinbot was so good because, well, A, the soundtrack was great. Rare
always knocked it out of the park in that department. But B, it did stuff that pinball
tables don't do, which was controversial at the time. But like there were parts where like, like,
didn't aliens come out and would like eat the ball and stuff like that? Like it did. The game
did things that the table can't do because like, yeah, it it literally breaks the laws of gravity
and physics. But it's a video game. You're allowed to do that. So that's that's what I liked about
it. All right. Anyway, Darsakha, what do you have? Just some Stadia news. So on June 1, there's going
to be a launch of Through the Darkest of Times from Handy Games. It's a historical resistance
strategy game. And then there's also Mighty Switch Force Collection will also be coming out from Way
Forward. And it it looks actually like it's pretty fun. And then there is also Those Who Remain
by Wired Productions to be coming out. And I've actually seen some pretty nice games recently
coming out on Stadia, including like some really good freebies. But the Switch Force Collection
is the one I'm actually kind of happy about it. It's a very Gunstar Heroes sort of vibe.
Especially since hold on, there's one thing on here about the Oh, yeah. So you have characters
called Corporal. Hold on, Ugly Secret Baby is one of them is one of the character names.
All right. This is probably who I would play as.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games that are
coming to a store shelf or a digital shelf near you. Loki, we'll start with you.
Yeah, not a whole lot of things. So we have a game called Silt coming out on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series. We have Card Shark
on PC and Nintendo Switch. We have a game that shows you guys. No, I think this this is a
Devolver Digital title. It's Oh, it's not. It's an adventure. It's a little different.
Yeah, it's not the game show. I'm sorry. And of course, you know, you guys have to answer. Do you
do you guys not have phones? Because Diablo immortal is coming out. Oh, boy. And it's on
PC as well, in case you don't have a phone. And Android. And then loopers is going to be coming
out on Nintendo Switch and five memories of my time with you on a switch and PlayStation four.
That's it. All right, going to Japan and looking at some of the releases over there on the Nintendo
Switch indigo seven is out in a regular and special edition. It is the English version of
the game but it is getting a localized release to Japan this week. Also the quintessential
quintuplets the movie five memories of my time with you also a regular and limited edition
coming out on the switch in Japan this week and then loopers is also out on the switch in Japan
on the PlayStation five indigo seven in the actually all of those games. Excuse me. No,
I was just accidentally looking at the same list. My bad. Let me try this again.
On the PlayStation five this week. Okay, well, that's why because nothing is out on the
PlayStation five this week in Japan. But on the PlayStation four, we have that same the quintessential
quintuplets the movie game is really the only release on PlayStation four. That's it a little
bit of a slower week in Japan. Dark Sakura only four things on the list. They're all on the 31st.
Snow runner for the big three zombie night terror on switch and the last two on PlayStation is
Autobahn police simulator three and in some in some this enhanced edition. All right.
Just a few more stories for you and then we'll invite your calls via discord at almost a twitch
that's where you watch twitch.tv slash vog network. But to participate further,
you can join our discord and you can also talk with us throughout the week.
Some folks share stories in our chat and that's great. I always love to see the discussion that
happens on that during the week. vog network.com that's vog network.com slash discord to join our
server there. We'll get to some of the roundtable talk here in a minute. But first we have a few
more headlines starting off with Loki. Yes, so there is a brand new game that's been announced by
the game grumps. And of course, you may remember them for their YouTube channel as well as dream
daddy, you know, who could forget that wonderful dating sim game. But now they're going to be doing
never watch their YouTube but watched a lot of people play dream daddy. That's true recently.
Yeah, recently. But you know, this one is going to be a little bit different. So it is a slasher
inspired game from with a kind of a unique looking visual style. It kind of reminds me a lot of like,
not, it's not quite PlayStation, but it's like early 90s. Like remind me like a loan in the
dark, but with just better graphics, I guess. I'm kind of creepy looking. They said it's supposed
to be a narrative driven psychological horror game. And it is, you know, full of puzzles,
dialogue choices, and of course, evading the killer. And apparently no two game or no two
playthroughs are going to be the same. The AI looks looks pretty cool. It's supposed to be
coming to steam and the Epic Games store and consoles later this year. Interesting. Well,
you know, dream daddy was quite the cult hit. And this seems to have all the makings of what,
you know, is popular on Twitch. So I'll be very, very curious to see how it goes. Mike Defton
chat says Yeah, it's like PlayStation one graphics and horror. SSJ 100. Matt says the Game Grumps
folks have been polarizing in the past. Not sure how it is now. I just it's I just don't follow a
lot of the YouTube stuff. But I know there's probably a lot more people watching that the
watching this. So it's fine. All good. Dark soccer, what do you have for us?
There is a game that was unveiled in 2020. That was by the creator of Dead Space,
Glenn Schofield is called the Callisto protocol. And it was very dead spacey, very scary. And then
they announced also though that the game would be set in the PUBG universe, which kind of surprising
for that. I mean, it's a horror game, a third person horror game set in 2320. And you are like
in this prison colony on Jupiter's moon Callisto. And the connection was that the developer striking
distance is explicitly established by PUBG Battlegrounds publisher to create narrative
driven games. So they thought it would be a good involvement in there. So when they went in,
they had like this lore team and writing the story and then going into it. And then but they
said that the horror game would have been pretty far out along the timeline. And then eventually,
they just dropped it all together. So it grew into its own world and is no longer associated
with the PUBG universe. All right. So long, farewell.
I honestly didn't know PUBG had a universe. I didn't either, to be honest. So
everything has a universe. Yeah, that's true. That's true. All right. Yeah. Well,
a lot of people have custom universes in this next game, right? Loki?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if we go completely universal so long. But yeah, I know a lot of
people can get pretty involved with The Sims. So The Sims 4 has added a custom pronouns update,
I guess. I'm not really sure if it's an update or if it's just like an add on they have it.
But anyways, now when you create a sim, you can also completely customize, you know,
the different pronouns that they use in the game. So pretty awesome. Now that it's opened up a lot
of the the representation as well in there. I think that's great. That's great. Just in
time for Pride Month, which is actually great. So yeah, it's also just neat to hear about Sims 4,
because that games, that game could practically be a classic game of the week. I feel like it's
been out a while, you know, they were, you know, they're obviously the original Sims goes back to
what like 99 or something like that. And then, you know, Sims two and three didn't take a long,
long time after that. But then I feel like Sims 4 has kind of been where the series been out for
a long time. Maybe just because it's been so expensive. I'm just surprised we're not talking
about a Sims 5 yet in a while. Yeah, it's been a while. I don't know when the original came out.
But but there's been like, like 20 expansions for The Sims 4. Hasn't there? I know dark soccer knows
more about the series than I do. Let's put it this way. It's like it's about almost eight years old
now. I don't think I've touched the game in three years. Wow. Okay, yyr says September 2, 2014 was
the release date. So it is. It's not classic game of the week old, but it's getting there.
It's getting there. Almost there. It's almost it's almost like pulling a grind that's out of five at
this point. Except they haven't released it a million times. No, that's true. That's true.
All right. Well, one more story on the show for you tonight. And this has to do with another
classic recently unveiled. And that is Marble Madness 2, Marble Man, finally available to be
played in an emulator. Now, these machines did exist and you would see them once in a great
while. I know California extreme would get it once in a while. I think dark soccer, you probably
played it there probably talked about it on the show. But this is notable because the collectors
that had these machines and this machine, I don't think it ever really came out beyond a prototype
like it was a fully realized prototype, because they tested it, but it didn't do well with the
test groups. I think Atari was blaming trackballs were the problem. They wanted to do joysticks and
all that stuff, which is I don't know, it's kind of silly, but they didn't really release this game
wide. So collectors had this game, and they didn't want the value of the game to be devalued. So
nobody was putting it on the internet. Well, guess what happened this last week, it finally
made somebody broke the code, and it made its way to the internet. And you know what, I'm sure the
collectors will be fine. I what Bobby was getting into this on his show a little bit when this
happened to another game several years ago, the collectors, they don't lose any value. But yeah,
ROM image of Marble Madness 2 started showing up on the internet archive and some other websites.
And now it is actually playable in MAME. Some folks wonder and it was it was leaked by the
handle dank 2079, which go off dank. But I guess the ROMs have 20 year old timestamps on them.
So people are wondering, is this just old stuff that leaked? But then folks are saying, well,
it might be the the ROM readers could be using really old PCs, where Windows 95 is still the
operating system. And that's why it's showing as such an old thing. So as Joe had a mat wondering
if Mark Cerny, who is now with Sony worked on this, or if this is an Atari deal, Mark Cerny
did not work on the sequel, but he was he is very well known for having worked on the original
Marble Madness. So anyway, long story short, you can finally experience Marble Madness 2 after all
this time from MAME, which is interesting because we were just talking about romp or you know,
gaming history preservation earlier in the show. And now the you know, this is a way where many
people can really experience this for the first time. But there's another gag about this a lot of
people kind of saying, you know what, it's not a very good game. Like a lot of the magic that made
the original special. It's kind of lost in this. For example, from the Internet Archive, Jason
Scott said, Marbles Madness 2 is a classic example of when a beautiful game is created, and the sequel
completely forgets why the original is great. I'm excited. This long anticipated game is out in the
wild, because people can realize how uninteresting the game is and move on. Ouch, it is shady. That
is very shit. Where's my RuPaul shade button? But anyway, it's still still though, it's a game of
historical importance for sure. And you know what now you can play it and see for yourself. So
Marble Madness 2. I can't tell you where to get it because technically downloading ROMs is piracy.
But I can just tell you once on the internet, always on the internet.
Always on the internet.
This is a game a lot of people are talking about. Yeah, right. And YYR is saying, you know,
as we're talking about being shady, and it's not very good. YYR is suggesting, maybe that's why
it was never released. It's a good thought, YYR could be. I don't know, though, there were a lot
of companies that were releasing shitty games like that doesn't always stop them. But fair point.
Maybe they didn't want to tarnish the Marble Madness brand. I don't know. Although has there
ever been a Marble Madness game since? Nope. There should be. That's, you know what, if Atari wants
us to pay attention to their fucking VCS thing, that that computer that PC computer, why don't
you put a new Marble Madness game on it for starts? That would be pretty cool. Anyway.
SJ100Matt says Bob Flanagan did lead the development for Marble Madness 2, who worked on
the original with Mark Cerny, and coincidentally also worked on the Sims games in recent years. So
we love a callback and how things come full circle. All right, we're gonna go to the list
or roundtable where we open up our mailbag. Participate at orangesonsrated.com, as well as
any questions you might have in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash a vog network. And any calls you
might have over at vog at network.com slash discord. I don't think I saw emails this week,
but I'll check in with DarkSakra. Was that a no? One. Oh, there is one. Okay. No, not a one. Not
a one. Oh, I'm sorry. Your audio for some reason, like the very beginning is dropping. I don't know
why. So because I have to my I had to move my mic to a different place. My mic arm fell off your
noise gate. Okay, got it. Got it. Um, noise gate. I'm not using a noise gate. Oh, interesting.
My mic arm fell off and I had to put my mic back together. Okay. It's tis but a scratch, though.
Ah, well, arms off. We hope you'll send us an email in a future week participate at
orangesonsrated.com. Usually if you don't send this email, that is the chance for DarkSakra
and I to talk about drag race. I don't know if you've checked out the latest season yet,
but another episode came out. And I got this season. I don't always watch drag race anymore.
I don't watch every season. This latest season. Very good. This latest episode. Not as good as
the second episode, but still pretty good. Some really good looks. And it was a ball.
It was a ball episode. And if I can spoil just a little something that's super cool DarkSakra.
It was a it was in part a Vanna White inspired ball. And Vanna White was there. And she actually
read all of but she didn't judge. She just was there on the main stage as you say, up next,
Raja with a look or whatever. But they didn't tell the queens that Vanna was going to be there.
So when they come out and start walking down the runway, you see them look over and then they go,
like, they suddenly recognize her and they freak out. So it's cute. It's worth a watch.
Anyway, Stan jinx monsoon end of tweet. But honestly, you could stand anybody in this
season. They're all they're all winners for a reason. Like anybody is good in this in this
season. Like I just I want them all to win. Can we break up the crown? Can we? That's what I'd
like to do. All right. Well, before we get to some last minute stories, maybe we do have a call in
the green room. So I'd like to go ahead and get to it. Let's get to it. Hello, you are on Orange
Lounge radio. Who's this? This is why we are Hi, why we are How are you? Oh, not so bad. Not so
bad for a Sunday night. Got a holiday tomorrow. I don't have to get up early and get the get the
toddler ready for daycare and rush to get out the door. And you know, get her dressed have her
reject her clothing. No, I have to pick something else. No, I don't want that one. I don't want that
one either. wind up getting 10 minutes late to work. But since I'm the only one in the office,
nobody notices Thank goodness. But I can't believe your kid is at that a I mean, like,
of course, but it's just like, this pandemic has just my sense of time is so screwed. And like,
I'm like, Wait, don't you still have a baby?
Baby is gonna be for next month.
Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Right. It's only a year younger than my dear friend melody and Mel B. If you go
back in the DDR days, Mel B was very well known for freestyle stuff. Their child is only about a
year older. So it's it's wild that and I always I'm like, isn't isn't see still a baby? Like,
what happened? Anyway, sorry. Oh, my camera wasn't on. Sorry about that. I didn't want to mess up
your Oh, that's okay. You know, it's fine video there. I have to do different shots depending on
how many people are on the stream anyway. So it's and then sometimes it doesn't always go to the
right spot. So I have to make adjustments on the fly. Like what can you do? So anyway, hi, it's
good to see why we are what what to what do we owe a phone call tonight? Well, normally when I
call in, I call in because you know, I want to comment on something on a previous week or you
know, I want to shamelessly plug what I'm working on or you know, what have you. But this time,
it's different. Okay. This time, I am calling in to throw down. All right. You see? Oh, don't worry.
You're not the target. Okay, good. Oh,
what in the heck am I looking at behind you? Loki? Geez. All right. Anyway,
I'm not even sure I want to know I missed the first hour. Sorry.
It's fine. But anyway, so I was catching up on recent episodes of olr this week.
And I listened to the not last week's episode, but the one before that,
just a few days ago, I listened to the end of it. And somebody called into the show.
And somebody who shall remain Ranma and mentioned that a Dave and Buster's opened in his
locality. And all Rama's ass out tonight. I know he's at a convention. It's Memorial Day weekend.
He ain't here live to defend himself and he'd be long his ass out. Fight him. Get her get her
classic game stuff ready. Well, but anyway, he went ahead and mentioned that he, you know,
played a set after a very, very long hiatus. And that it didn't go quite as well as maybe he would
have hoped. And he suggested that perhaps there should be a new version of DDR for the over 40
crowd. That was made, you know, easier. To which I say you're about to rub it in that you did.
You're about to rub it in that you did max 300. Like a million. How many times was a million
times on your birthday? Well, something 42. But only half of those are on expert.
Which is the answer to life, the universe and everything. Yes, yes. But also my age. So as a
member of the over 40 club, who is currently working through the level 17 folder, I would
like to say I'm giving you a challenge. And by the way, anybody else who is in the over 40 crowd,
yourselves included, please feel free to sign on to this because I endorse that completely.
You have a Dave and Busters near you now. Get your butt out there. Get practice can't make me
get good. Right. And what I'm challenging you to do is by the end of this year,
play the following three songs all in one set. First stage, hyper twist, single expert,
absolute banger, one of my favorite songs in all of DDR forever. I'm sorry,
did you say absolute? I can do that one. Let's do absolute. No, no, no, no, no, no.
DDR joke people. I'm not gonna totally forget our old our old days. But yes, hyper twist is
rated a 15. And it isn't. It's not the hardest 15. It is it is it flows very well. It doesn't
have too much confusing stuff. It is awesome. Second stage. Romancing layer, single expert
rated a 14. And it used to be a 15. They actually re rated it down to a 14 because it's not that
hard. Very nice uplifting song by tag. Great. Final stage max 300 single expert 15. The big
bad max 300. You can do it. I couldn't do max 300 when I was 24. When the show started. What makes
you think I can do it now? Well, actually, well, you answer. First of all, the song is
20 years old at this point. You've heard it a million times probably, even though you're not
playing it, you're familiar enough with it, that you could practically drum it out already without
even touching the pad. And it's just a matter of muscle memory, practice, and you just have to get
into the right shape before it I will say it was not that that long ago that I did Orion seven,
eight civilization mix because you know, that was one of the first songs in a DDR game and I'm
getting I'm sorry, sorry to the non DDR followers on getting deep cuts. All right. But Orion seven,
eight civ mix was one of the first songs that had like a unique step chart where you had to
hear like you'd put it in tutorial mode where it claps with the notes and you would hear that
clapping in your head. Right. And then like that. Yeah. Yeah. Like you just like I still remember
to this day. What's that? Yeah. What a pain in the butt chart that was too. Yeah. So So just just to
give some context here for those that are watching on Twitch, this this is the note chart that Oh,
wow, that even the new DR still uses the old videos. That's great. This is the note chart that
why we are suggesting actually step mania, by the way. Oh, is it? Yeah. They use like a DDR skin.
We're all very familiar with this guy's videos. He's basically there on day two with, you know,
a YouTube chart of the video very reliable. But yes, it's a was once the hardest song in DDR,
not for very long, but it's still considered to be kind of a rite of passage to clear max 300 single
expert. That being said, they're, you know, teenagers or young adults who pick up the game now
and granted, it's a different time. The skill ceiling is so much higher now. Yeah, the
difficulty of the game is much higher now as far as how high it can go. And also, you know,
you can watch YouTube videos of expert players and learn their techniques and, you know, kind of
mimic what they do with their feet where, you know, we used to just stomp as hard as we could
and now like, folks are really minimizing movements. They're trying to stay in the center
and just kind of like, make subtle movements to hit everything and that way you don't use up all
your stamina very quickly. You can that's how you can get through these, you know, charts with 800
steps in them and still be standing afterwards. But but yeah, it's I've seen kids I'll call them
start playing this game now. And then six months later, they're already passing, you know,
17s and 18s. So if they can do that, then we can get up to level 15 in the next seven months.
Okay. But anyway, if Rama decides to take this challenge, which he should,
I will if he if he's serious about it, and he gets to the point where he wants,
he can get there. And you know, over the I anticipate, we will probably be able to finally
vaccinate any the summer. I will go to Dave and busters that day with him that he wants to
attempt it and I will play on the other side. Okay, so and I will join via facetime.
I can't promise I can come out there in person. But maybe someday I can come see it in person.
I'll stay in my pajamas and not move.
Now, and if he succeeds, I will I will top up his his Dave and busters card with
probably a good at least 20 bucks of credits there.
All right. I love that. Now, I was gonna say this why we are because I said I said,
I'm not sure I could I could do that anymore. But um, you know, and I've mentioned this on
social media, and I'm not trying to toot my own horn too much. However, I'm gonna toot it a little
bit. Oh, toot it. I absolutely toot it. I hit a pretty major landmark this week, I've lost 50
pounds since last year. So you know, that's awesome. And you know, I've talked about,
I was motivated by a diagnosis I didn't want, but it is what it is. And if it's going to have this
side effect, then I'll take it. And so at my highest, you know, which was July of last year,
I'm now down 50 pounds from that. And games have been a reason I can thank for that. Specifically,
you guys all know, I can't really say DDR, because I don't really live down the street
from a Dave and Buster's or anything like that. I don't go with the frequency I used to.
But I can say things like Pikmin Niantic, which really incentivizes walking,
Ingress, where I'm willing to walk an extra mile to go get a portal in the middle of nowhere,
just because it gets me moving and walking and all that stuff. Pokemon Go, sure, doing laps
around the Capitol, whatever, all of that, I absolutely say, yes, that's been a part of what's
helped me get through this and do this. So it's interesting how things have come full circle,
because I would say, you know, 20 years ago, when the show started, DDR was what was keeping me,
you know, relatively skinny. So it was I don't know if I call myself skinny, but you know,
anyway, it doesn't matter. So my point is, we're still waiting on this round one over in
Roseville to open up, which is supposed to be soon. I think I'm hearing June, but we've been
hearing all sorts of months we it was supposed to open in 2020. But we all know what happened.
So once that opens, Aaron, I will do this too. I'm not going to promise I could do your exact
setlist. But I'm going to do this. I'm going to at least get back to that nine footer I did before
if sieve mix is still on those machines, which I don't see why wouldn't it is it's kind of
reason is, I'll do that. Yeah, I believe it is. And we'll we'll start with that. And if I feel
pretty good, maybe I'll try to I'll try to get up to max 300. And then maybe start to explore your
setlist a little bit there. But it's going to be you know, because yeah, you look at a lot of these
youtubes you look at stuff and now it's it's other 24 year olds that were the age we were when we
started. And it's just like if I show up there and start busting out those moves, that's like
they're gonna be like, Who the fuck is this old man? And where did he learn to play this game?
And it's like, I was here first. I will say this, you know, at least at the location near me,
you know, new people come up all the time. So and of all ages, I actually one of the last times I
went before you know, this latest COVID wave started. There was a, you know, someone with
kids and mom, a mom and she got up on the other side with me, she wanted to try it out. So I took
it through her first set. And I love doing this because you know, I just I just love introducing
the game to new people. And she I usually you know, they do the tutorial and then she she
picked it up really quick. So I think we went straight to a two and she passed it and then a
three a four and I think we played a five on extra stage and she almost got through it all
the way without four misses. So she did pretty phenomenal for first time on there. And yeah,
you know what I use? You know what I used to do while we are and I should do this. Okay,
this is what this is what I'll do. Because I used to do when I would go play DDR in a new city where
people wouldn't know me. I would put in like I hadn't seen me before. I would put in the money
and I would play like for my first song, I'd play like an erotic song on the band. I would play
because you know, I love them. I would play like I'm basic, like, you know, a two footer or three
foot I play that and then I play and so people would be like, Oh, look at this guy playing.
And then for my last song, I bust out the hypnotic crisis, or the Orion seven, eight sieve mix,
or one of those like nine footers Afro Nova or something. I don't remember if that was a nine,
but I would bust out with those like way harder songs and just then just
blow through it and then just be like, and that was fun to do.
Wow, this game's really fun people.
Excellent. But yeah, if anyone is curious about this set, I'm actually going to stream because
tomorrow's the last day of the month. And also I don't have to work. So I'm probably going to do
a stream of DDR Grand Prix, probably around somewhere between one to 2pm Eastern, I'll start
and I'm going to play this set during my stream tomorrow. So I'll probably stream for about an
hour. And yeah, I'll clip it and probably link it on the discord so that everybody can get a look at
it. All right, please do. I love the challenge YYR. We'll see. We'll see what happens. Cross
your fingers that we get that stinking round one already because the the Dave and Buster's here not
very good. It's, it's the smallest one in the entire chain with that, with the exception of
Times Square is smaller. That's it. It's the Times Square one is not very big, but it's not supposed
to be. Yeah, of course, it's not going to be very big. They probably got to pay 10 times more in
rent than all the other locations. So but round one will be a game changer when that opens. So
all right, it's great. And you know what I will mention. So the new version Ace three is starting
to roll out. Currently it's on the gold cabs. But the peasants with all the other cabs have to wait
until I'm guessing July because that's what they did with Ace two Oh, when it came out. So probably
July and there's a lot of, you know, features of the game, things like extra stage, point two,
five and point seven, five speed mods, things that are locked out unless you play premium play,
which in Japan costs a little bit more and you have to pay with their funny money, Paselli.
Yeah. And up to this point, you know, because round one, all the round one locations have one
of these gold cabs running the Japanese version of DDR. But up until this point,
because it was a Japanese cab, you could not use the premium play mode because it required Paselli.
Starting with Ace three, they're allowing Japanese version cabs that are outside of Japan,
where Paselli is disabled to pay with premium play with coins. So for the first time ever,
uh, you can now actually get extra stage the unlocks. You can you can play the Dan courses,
the skill courses, which get progressively more difficult. You can finally do those things in
America. So on on a gold cab. So it'll be even better to have the round one when it does finally
open. All right. Well, I can't wait for that day to come. Why are Thank you so much for calling
in. And again, I encourage everyone I know you didn't come to shill your wares tonight,
but I'm going to do it for you. I would encourage everyone to check out falling plus just came out
on Xbox one. So check that out. Over it. You got to search for why we are games are falling plus,
or just you know, check out why we are games calm and all the latest stuff that you're working on
and all that good stuff. So yeah, support your support your neighborhood indie developer.
Thank you. All right. I look forward to Rama calling in next week to whine about this.
Sounds good. Let him let him be here to hear that.
All right. Take care. Now. Great to have you. All right. Bye. Have a great week. You too. Bye.
All right. Always good to hear from why we are here at orange launch radio. Let's check in with
Loki to see if there's any last minute stories tonight. Nope, there is nothing.
Wow, you're boring. I'm just kidding. I know. It's a slow news.
With Memorial Day and everything. It's you know, it's it's moving into the summer. It's that time
of year. So it is what it is. But things are gonna start to pick up. You know, we got state of play
next week. So it's good. It's quite before the storm. Yeah. Quickly, I'll let sj 100. Matt have
this question and then we'll wrap up sj 100. Matt says here's a question. Is there a gaming memory
out there that reminds you of summer? For example, a game that you played the hell out of over the
summer when school was out? Is rocker on roller skates? What on roller skates? Frogger Frogger
arcade machine. Oh, well, roller skates. Okay. Summer's going to the Babalu roller roller rink
in Dothan, Alabama. And the thing is, is that Bob, it was named after Bob and his wife. And Bob was
a friend of my granddaddy. So he saw always go and talk to Bob, and he'd give me like a dollar
in quarters. And I would play a few rounds of Frogger on roller skates into this day.
The only play I can really the only way I can really play Frogger well is on roller skates.
Um, I remember it roller king out in Roseville, where I grew up, I played Spy Hunter in roller
skates. But uh, but yeah, um, I don't, I don't know if that's not really a summer memory in
particular. I'm trying to think of a summer memory and I'm coming up short. I gotta be honest,
I can't think of anything I really like super associate with summer. I'm sure there are plenty
of video games when I was younger. But I would play video games every day. I wouldn't let the
school week stop me. I don't know. Loki, you have a summer memory? In recent and will not
not recent. I don't know, DDR, I guess. I don't really have anything that kinda I mean,
no, I didn't really have anything in particular that it would always change to me. It's whatever
games were out at the time, you know, go rent stuff at blockbuster or something like that.
Yeah, don't really have anything. All of mine just have to do with being in Dothan. So a lot
of SkyShark and uh, uh, Dr. Mario. I got one for an answer. Cause you know,
when I was very, very young, I played a lot of Commodore 64 and one game that I used to love
to play was summer games too. So they couldn't call it Olympics cause they didn't have that
license, but wink, wink, nudge, nudge. It was just an Olympic game and had all the same things.
And there was a summer games one, but we had summer games too. I think we got the summer
games one eventually, but summer games two was the one that I played a lot. And then there was
winter games, but that's not a summer game. So, um, yeah, I used to play the hell out of all
those games. So like epics and that actually led to, cause those games series led to world games
and California games. And I think people might know those because some of the, one of the
California games, I think it was on NES, um, as well as some other platforms. So that's like
summer and winter games with the predecessors to those games. So all right. Well, uh, with that,
we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap up for the night.
But I do want to say thank you as always for listening to orange orange radio,
whether you were here tonight on a three day holiday weekend, uh, or if you were listening
on the podcast feed through one of your favorite podcast apps like Spotify, iTunes, wherever it is,
you listen to podcasts. Thank you for checking us out. Uh, if you enjoyed what you heard, tell
a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice, but we need more voices here to put out on air. Uh, we're hitting 20 years old,
if you can believe it or not later, uh, next month. And, uh, we hope to see you here, um,
June 26th. Um, get off my lawn and give me some Jerry. That's right. That's right. Uh,
let's go around and get everybody's final thought. Uh, dark Sakura, what is your final thought
tonight? I'm actually kind of glad to be starting early cause then I can end early.
Mm hmm. Cause my ass is working tomorrow, but let's hear it for, for double and a half pay,
right? Hell yeah. For holiday pay. All right. Have a good night. Dark saga later taters later.
And a Loki, your final thought. I have a lot to do and not a lot of time to do it in
isn't that always the struggle. It is always the struggle.
Um, my final thought I'm very thankful for a day off tomorrow. Um, and I, I of course recall the
reasons for it. So, uh, I, I am mindful of that as well, but I'm thankful to just have a day of
rest, uh, tomorrow. Um, I actually, I don't really have a plan, which is kind of nice. I
didn't really want to travel. Um, I just kind of wanted to relax, especially after hosting a show
last night. I know whenever I do that, I'm putting myself a little more at risk for COVID. So I just
take it easy for a few days to make sure I'm doing okay. So, uh, yeah. So, um, I'm thankful for day
off and I am very thankful for the show. Hosting stuff has been going very well. We had a really
awesome show last night. It was a pride based cabaret. Um, and I always love when I get to
host celebrities like, uh, you know, I did John Waters a few months ago, but this week we had Sam
well, who is best known for his YouTube classic. What, what in the butt was performing at the show.
And I love hosting celebrities like that because they know exactly they, they, they don't think
they're anything bigger than what they are. You know what I mean? He's a very humble guy
and just there to have fun. And that's what I love about it. That's what it should be.
Does he have any other songs? He does. He did a whole little mini concert of like, um,
five songs or something like that. So, uh, but they're, they're all like,
Loki. I don't know if they're all like gays, they're all gay sex songs. I don't think you'd
necessarily be into them, but I will actually shocked. Our crowd was super into it. So what
was it like dirty, filthy boy or something like that as his latest single? Sorry, Sam. Well,
I butchered the name. I just couldn't remember in the moment, but yeah, so,
but they're, they're all, it could be in DDR. It's all like, that's, you know what? You cannot,
you cannot sit here and be like, I loved all those DDR songs back in the day and then think like,
Oh, but I'm too good for Sam. Well, no, no, no. Exactly.
Come on. We used to have, was it the alligator project songs in there?
Oh yeah. Blow my whistle, bitch. Come on. Come on. Is that, is that really any,
any better lyrically than what, what in the butt? Come on. All right. Anyway,
on that lovely note, happy Memorial day. We'll see you in seven days to do it all again.
Thank you for being here. Have a great week, everybody. Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR
studios to join us for our live show. Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
