Video games are art, and like all art, they are all what you make of it. They're unique
for all other applications of art because you are a primary part of it. Alongside video
games live, play, and plenty more productions to BBC is getting into the game of orchestral
presentations of select music pieces, and I am pumped to see this. This is one art jumping
mediums and culture story. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to
tell you more about this headline and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on the
show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode
number 912 for our show for May the first. It is May 2022. I am Rob Roberts and joining me as he
does every week, say hello to Techmaster Loki. Hi, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing better.
Good, good. I was gonna ask you were out last week because you had your surgery. So you're here.
You're looking normal. You're upbeat. So good. We were all hoping it would go this way where you
just you're gonna just go right back into doing the show and all that stuff. But everything's
going well.
Yeah, it's going well. I took a week watch it. I have a few more days off still. Because they're
finishing up the last piece of I guess the recovery where they have to take out the stent that they
put in. So that's tomorrow. So looking forward to that.
Let's
take a moment to reflect on the fact that getting old sucks.
Yes. And I like it too. Like because because you know, the whole kidney stone thing they said, you
know, it's a calcium, they have the different calcium since most of them are calcium. But it's
like, like, you can get it from having too little calcium or too much calcium. It's like, okay,
the whole amount of calcium. Exactly. How am I supposed to know? You know, how much calcium I
should have? And my wife always says that it's, you drink too much milk. I'm like, I hardly drink
any milk at all. I occasionally maybe once or twice a week, I have a bowl of cereal. And that's
it. Like that is hardly drinking too much milk. When I was a kid, I drank milk all the damn time.
So like, this is nothing. Like I, I don't know. It could be a lot of you're not a coffee person.
Like I drink like literally having iced coffee with it's not fat milk, but it's milk in it right
now. So yeah, I don't normally drink coffee. I have I've been, you know, drinking some more of
the Red Bulls recently. But not even that much like maybe once a week. And it's only because
I've had like a bag of these Red Bulls that I've had since last year sitting underneath my desk
here that I wanted to drink them before they expired. So I've been just going through those
slowly. But I've had like maybe five Red Bulls in the 2022 so far. So it's like, hardly nothing.
And she's like, Well, it's because you drink too much of those too. I honestly don't think so. I
mean, like one a day is not that bad. I wouldn't want it should not be a big deal. Let's talk video
games. What is that playing by? I think that I think I caught the title screen earlier. So playing
behind you because we are broadcasting live at the voice geeks network twitch.tv slash a VOG network
where we do broadcast live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show and sometimes you get some we know it's a podcast we try to be very
aware and not rely too heavily on video. But I sometimes Loki will run video behind him actually
he always because we don't want to see my kitchen No, but um, you've got the Stanley parable, right?
But this is this the new one that like the or whatever, like the ultra deluxe 10 years later,
they've revisited it. That's pretty cool, though. Yeah, yeah, I like that. I get to play it. I need
to ask that if you played it yet, but you know, you're just watching YouTubers run through it.
Yeah, it's interesting how a lot of people will do games that way in this day and age, huh?
Well, I liked it. And I still will pick it up. I just haven't done it yet. I mean, I probably do
it now. I'm not joining us tonight. I need to mention dark soccer or Jamie Summers. You haven't
heard her yet because she's not here tonight. Usually I don't really get into the reasons like
if people take a night off or whatever, like I that's that's y'all's business. Unless you know,
people don't care and they want to they want to say what's going on. For example, Loki disclosed
his surgery on an earlier episode of the show. Dark soccer was very open about our trip to
Disneyland. And she has mentioned this on Twitter. And I think I think this is worth just talking
about and mentioning real quick. So I want to go to Twitter real quick here. The dark soccer put a
tweet up that said I'm not feeling very well tonight. So taking the night off olr and my
stream to rest and tend to my own mental health. Thank you all for understanding. And then some
nice words about Bobby and us. And you know, yeah, we don't, we don't often talk a lot about doing
stuff for your mental health. And, you know, especially when it comes to podcasting, streaming,
things of that sort. It can people oftentimes underestimate the toll that this type of stuff
can have on your mental health. Is that and that's why I've been like, personally,
even though I do streaming on the side, not just olr, but on my own personal channel,
I've sometimes personally resisted wanting to publish a schedule that like, I'm going to be
live on certain such and such day. And that's I realized like 95% of streamers do that. And that's
no shade or nothing. I'm just saying for me, like I, I have had all the time, these things where I'm
like, I'm going to stream tonight. And then when tonight comes around, I'm like, maybe I'm not,
cause I'm not really feeling extroverted tonight. I just kind of want to be a vegetable and play some
dead by daylight on my own terms. And that's going to be that. But then other times I'm like, yeah,
heck yeah, I'm going to get on stream and do that and do it. And I just kind of like to do that sort
of thing on my own schedule. So don't ever like force yourself or push yourself if you're not
like feeling it or whatever. If you like, if that sort of thing is going to be counterproductive to
your mental health, because we don't often talk about that type of stuff enough. And it's
important. You've got to take your time for your mental health and be in a good place like that,
or else you're just going to make the problem worse by, by doing podcasts, broadcasting,
twitching, whatever it is that's out there. And I see a lot of love in our chat room over
twitch.tv slash vog network. Pod culture saying a fucking man quest buster says streamers big
and small take breaks too, because human fifth dream says that is literally my entire life.
I never know from one minute to the next. If I feel like doing a thing physically or mentally
SSU 100, Matt says yourself is the most important thing. Take care of you first before worrying
about others needs. Very well said. Yeah, I can probably elaborate more. It's not even
just streamer stuff, but like YouTube in general to you can get burnt out creator culture. Yeah.
My gaming week, we'll talk about burnout. All right. The stuff that I did. Are you
have you finally had your fill of Minecraft? No, I haven't. I've had fill my fill of a certain
type of gameplay in Minecraft. Because I had a project this week that I built that was extremely
large. It took three weeks to put together. And I was just fed up with doing it. And it came out
really good. I saw the video because you posted it over in our Discord server, which you know,
of course, vog network.com slash discord. And if you aren't already subscribed to Loki on YouTube,
you should fix that. He's Loki o lr on YouTube. Very easy to find. And yeah, so I will get into
the video in a little bit in our gaming weeks that you don't eat of all your gaming week here. But
yeah, it looked very impressive what you were doing in that game. But you also have a lot of
patience to be doing something like that. That's for sure. But then I think he's been very bored
this last week. It wasn't boring at all. Because like I it was basically like, yeah,
the recovery from surgery is basically you couldn't, you couldn't really do like be active.
So I mean, I was on my computer, which is like, that's normal anyways. So it was,
it was instead of working at, you know, eight to five, or nine to five job or whatever.
I was doing Minecraft during that time. And during the time when I normally did so it's
like solid Minecraft, like, well, 14 hour days for like a week and a half just building one thing.
And that was just, I was getting tired by the end.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat, I want to go back to the topic we were just discussing discussing
about the mental health because there's more great comments in chat. And I want to read them.
Bobby Black Wolf says, especially since content creators are basically gig workers, and have to
pay for their own health insurance. So they feel like they can't take time off. There's no PTO for
a full time streamer. That's a huge point. We have a story coming up later on. And I'm sure many of
you have heard about this that's going on. And that is the talk about Twitch changing potentially
some of the rates and the payouts for partners to try to stay profitable. And, you know, that has
this huge impact. It's it's this incredibly uncharted territory, this whole making a living
off being a streamer. And it's, it's it's dangerous. It's risky. And that alone is a can
do a lot on mental health. Because as this news is showing this week, Twitch, Amazon can pull the rug
like that. And there isn't shit you can do about it, quite frankly. Unless Yeah, that's why folks
diversify. I mean, diversify your revenue streams, unless everybody, you know, groups up and does
something together. But yeah, yeah, diversify your revenue streams as very important. Yeah,
because like, even with YouTube, like you don't know, like, if there's gonna be another
apocalypse saying YouTube's algorithms and stuff, it's screwy. They could get content claimed for
nothing. Like it could be your own original content, but someone's trolling it or their
algorithm will decide one day they're going to delete your channel or who knows, like, so you
have to just do merchandise, Patreon, Twitch subscriptions, whatever you can do. Yeah, donations.
Yeah, you know, fog network, we're probably missing out not upping our YouTube presence. We
have a YouTube channel. And there's some good stuff on there. But we're not doing a lot of stuff
regularly. I have ideas. But you know, there's always ideas. There's just the time to put ideas
and emotion which isn't always plentiful. So anyway, I want to get some other comments here.
Pod culture says it's been a couple years and I'm just now feeling the itch to really start
podcasting again. It makes sense. Mike deaf says imposter syndrome is definitely not a joke. That
is so true. And I deal with that a lot a lot more than you guys probably think. From you know,
having listened to this show, as long as y'all have even if this is your first week, you know,
this show has been around for coming up on 20 years now. I deal with imposter syndrome all the
time. I deal with it in my professional life. I deal with it in what I do here. The first time I
did panels at Dragon Con, the first time I did a huge panel at Dragon Con, I dealt with it. I
dealt with it deal with it with a lot of the hosting that I do on the weekends. And some of
the big you know, I I've talked about some of the big names for me. Getting to host like doing the
Twin Peaks panel and stuff that was huge on imposter syndrome for me where I'm like,
there, you know, you're just you're going up there and it's like they're they're gonna know
that you're just a fan who rests the stage. You have no business being up here amongst all these
like actual talented people. And it's it's, it's a real thing. And that absolutely plays into Twitch
when sometimes people think nobody's gonna watch my stream, who cares about my stream and my thing.
And that's why I kind of like urge people. Don't. Nobody is going to watch your stream in the
beginning. Most likely you may have one or two people, your friends and stuff, but it takes a
long time and a lot of being regular and really immersing yourself in Twitch culture and networking
and making friends to grow on this platform. And it takes a long time and a lot of investment.
This isn't just something that happens overnight. And it's, it's a pretty big deal. And look,
I see you talking to chat about, you know, growing on YouTube and it's taken you a long time
just to grow a little bit. And you're still, are you at the monetized level yet?
No, not even close. You're still a lot bigger than you were two years ago.
Yes. And like two years ago, I think I was at a hundred and something. I think I can't remember
what I was like earlier this year, but I think it was like 200 something, like not that long ago.
And I'm up to 350. I've been getting, like, it said about 30 subscribers a month now,
which is pretty nice. It's because I'm kind of changing up my content a little bit and people
are starting to notice. And then you'd be surprised. There's a lot of people that don't
know like who you are, but then they'll find you like, how do you not have more subscribers
or like your content's really good. I don't understand comments on your YouTube. I've seen
them. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like, it's nice to hear honestly. Ironically, though, sometimes,
like the people that say that don't subscribe to your channel, they're like, I don't understand
how you have more subscribers, but that's also, it's hard to say too, because like,
I go to my like YouTube studio dashboard or whatever, and I can't always see who's
subscribing on my channel. I can only see if they share that or something, which is really stupid,
but like, I can't like, and I wish I could see who is subscribed, because then I would call them
out and like say, Hey, thank you, or do something to like, kind of promote that, but I can't,
I can only see if they share it. And so yeah, it's pretty nice. We also just got shouted out on
another like Minecraft kind of compilation channel as well. So that was thanks to my other creator
that's on our server that was sending them tips and stuff. So he got us notice. And that was kind
of nice. And then you know, there'll be the the new server that I'll be participating with later
this summer, which that should really help expand things as well. They're certainly more organized.
And we had a group meeting, they do they do monthly meetings, which is great. So we had a
meeting just yesterday, actually, and that was pretty cool to kind of get to talk to them a
little bit longer and stuff. So I'm hoping all that will help me grow. Really, I'm only trying
to get to right now is 500, which means I can use the community features, which includes like,
posting non video updates, and doing like community polls and stuff like that.
I don't know why the gate that behind 500. It's so stupid, but whatever, you know, it's fine.
We'll do that. And then yeah, someday I'll get to 1000. Then I'll get like, my pennies rolling in.
Getting some other comments in chat. Bobby Blackwell says it's a huge commitment to get
monetized on YouTube. Well, I'll tell you, it definitely doesn't get you monetized. It's doing
nothing, right? You gotta, you gotta try, try, try, try again. Let's see. Quest Buster says a
streamer I tuned into from time to time branch to YouTube, and I've been doing that for a few years
only recently near the beginning of the year, one of their videos finally popped off. And it just
led to more of their stuff being seen. And I think this is very important for us, Joe and under Matt,
who says, always remember, though, that always support folks who are struggling. Jamie is getting
a lot of support right now because we're an awesome community. True. Some streamers don't
always have a close knit community like that. Yes, we've had 2020 years to build this essentially.
Sometimes the hurt people feel isn't obvious. So the moral should always be be cool, be nice and
understanding with folks. You never know what the person is going through. Absolutely. Um,
there was a moment on this show, God, it was probably like 12 years ago at this point,
but every the folks that have been here a long time know this very well. And that was when I had
my diva fit live on air, right. And you definitely remember this Loki, it was when we were in the
garage when I was living with Johnny. And I somebody in like, everything was going wrong
with the show, there was a tech issue, something was going on. And somebody said something in chat.
And I don't even at this point, I don't even exactly remember the comment. But it was something
about like, you know, just another thing breaking down or something like that. And even though the
person probably wasn't meaning to get out of my skin wasn't trying to get under my skin. Like,
I just snapped. And I was just like, well, then fuck it. And fuck this show, basically.
And I stormed off the set, literally stormed off the set. And Loki being the consummate professional
he is, was like, All right, well, let's go to the next story. And finally, this is student news.
I think he Yeah, exactly. And yeah, so you know what, it happens. You never know. And I'm not
saying you know, and again, I don't blame that individual. I don't even think this is the show
anymore. But even if they did, I don't blame that individual. It just sometimes these things happen.
And sometimes the chat comments and stuff, you never know what impact they're going to have.
And yeah, Matt says there was actually something more recently, of course, just a few weeks ago,
when you stopped the show, Rob, I saw you were done. And I saw you just needed to stop for
yourself. Yes, when the tech issues were like, literally mentally. So for the podcast, folks,
you didn't see any of this, because I just didn't put out a show that week. But the live folks here
on Twitch, we started to do a show. And there wasn't usually even if there's only a partial
show, I'll put it out on the feed anyway. But we really only did like 20 minutes. And the tech
issues were just too overwhelming. And I got to a point where I was like, I'm I'm not dealing with
these tech issues anymore. I'm done. And of course, you know what, given give it seven days,
turn it off, and then on again, everything worked magically the next week. And now my phone speaking
of tech issues, my phone thinks I'm yelling at it. But anyway, yeah, I mean, it just sometimes
you just have to step away. And that's exactly what that moment was, was just a whole, I'm
overwhelmed. This is too much. If I don't step away, I'm gonna have another fit. So this time,
I knew to stop it anyway. All right. Plenty plenty of meta stuff. Let's get into some news
for the week going around in the gaming world. We're gonna start off tonight with this story,
which is, this is something else. You know, I think a lot of people heard the story of Balan
Wonderland, or maybe you pre ordered it and you actually bought it and you played it. And maybe
you still enjoyed it. I realized this game has its fans and its apologizers. And that's fine. You
like what you like and go off. But I think we can all kind of see that the community as a whole
rejected this game. It didn't sell as much as it should have, considering it was by the creator
of Sonic and for a Square Enix game. And for the most part, it flopped. And people just kind of
wrote it off as, well, man, Yuji Naka, I guess just couldn't make another good game. That's
too bad. You know, we've all written it off. But now there's a very interesting layer,
layer, la y er, there's another whole new interesting layer that's shown up with this.
Interesting to that actually, now I just stopped me to think this is very interesting coming after
that whole discussion on assuming what a streamer is going through. Well, how about a game developer?
Because yeah, this is very interesting. So Yuji Naka went to Twitter to vent about what happened
with Balamb Wonderworld. He said he was removed as the game's director six months before launch,
and the developer Arzest submitted a final build of the game that wasn't final and it had bugs in
it. Yuji Naka also on Twitter claimed that one of the songs in the game was going to be reworked
for promotional purposes, and not using the track that was straight from the game. Yuji Naka said
that game creators should be able to improve their games until the very end, when he requests to
address issues, and when his requests to address these issues were ignored, he decided to sue
Square Enix. Yuji Naka says if he was kept on as the head of the project, it would have never
released in an unfinished state, and he found that seeing Balamb Wonderworld release in an
unfinished state was a true disgrace. There's a lot of comments that are on Twitter. It's a
little much for me to read, but let me try to get some highlights here. He talked about Sonic.
For example, in Sonic the Hedgehog, two weeks before going gold, we changed the mechanics,
where if you had even a single ring, you would not die. Even up until the very end, we were trying to
improve the game, and I hope that everyone is still enjoying those games today, and I think
everybody knows that mechanic in Sonic the Hedgehog, and that's important, right? He also
says the business relationship with Arzest fell apart due to my comments about Arzest submitting
the final build without fixing bugs, even though there were problems during development, and I was
pushing for further polish. Oshima spoke to the producer Fujimoto about this. Oshima wrote in an
emailed Fujimoto saying, I gathered the development staff and informed them about pushing back the
trial phase of development. This decision was made by producer Fujimoto. Let's do our best for Mr.
Fujimoto. The staff applauded and cheered. This was wholly unexpected, and we were very touched.
The staff who had recently been rather dejected were in an instant revitalized. Thank you very
much. The entire staff will do our best. Yujinaka said, I don't have anything to do with the
development timeline because that is created by the producer, not me, the director. Such tight
deadlines are decided by the producer. Something didn't seem quite right. Personally, I believe
that it is a true disgrace that Balowonder World was released in the state that it was in.
I wanted to show the world an action game in its proper light. Therefore, I believe that Square
Enix and RZest are companies that care about neither games nor their fans. Yep. That's a huge
dagger to throw at Square Enix, which is, you know, with especially such a large company where,
you know, this is the same company that has huge fans and people that feel much differently when
it comes to things like Final Fantasy 14, or I suppose the Final Fantasy series in general.
Um, what are your thoughts hearing all this, Loki? What did you think when you heard about this?
It's unfortunate because like I kind of, I did kind of blame Yujinaka for like how bad this
turned out originally because you kind of look at it like almost like a Mighty No. 9 type of
scenario where it's like, oh, you know, you think you're going to, you know, make this great Megaman
clone or something like that. And it ends up turning out to be garbage. And it's like, well,
maybe you just couldn't do that. And it's like, oh, maybe this is another Mighty No. 9 again.
But we got to remember now that there's also publishers that make really dumb decisions
constantly. Right. And Square Enix is one to do that, to cut corners to, you know,
on some other products like Final Fantasy 14, it's very well put together and stuff. But
I think there's different projects have different levels of upper management kind of oversight on,
whereas like, you know, some of these remasters of the older Final Fantasy games that kind of
get kind of rushed out and look kind of like garbage. And there's like weird bugs and stuff
in them. Like, I think that kind of stuff is kind of, you know, what's the blame here? I wouldn't be
surprised if Arzest got like some sort or maybe management, Arzest got some sort of bonus for
being able to publish the game when they could. So they'd rather release it with bugs, get that
kickback rather than put out a good product. Who knows? Some comments from chat. E3VL says,
worst game of last year for me. Mike Def says, I think Naka is in the right, but also the game was
beyond saving from its development history. Sacred Jade says, I believe Naka-san, Square Enix hasn't
been the best in the last few years. Questbuster says, I agree. The game was in development since
2018 and a lot of core mechanics have had to have been baked in by the time he was dismissed
that the rest of the game had to be built around. Six months isn't really a lot of time to put in
heavy redesign. Yeah. And here's the thing. If he was the producer, though, or, you know, whoever
that was, you know, approving timelines and stuff, you know, maybe if he thought he couldn't get it
done in time, then they would push it back. I mean, I don't know. Well, and that's, and that's
the thing. I do think this story is fascinating. And I do think, you know, it should make us all
think differently about how did a flop become a flop? Did these people set out to make a flop?
No. But did all of their visions on how to get it done get aligned? Clearly not. But, and so I think
there's definitely something to be said here about maybe how fast some of us were to, you know, kind
of say, oh, Yuji Naka made a flop when maybe he really was behind the scenes trying to push back
on some of that. However, all that being said, I will say, I think Yuji Naka did make a key mistake,
a critical mistake. And it's that part in his thing where he talks about the Sonic the hedgehog
and changing that up to, you know, two weeks before the game was released. Sir, you're not
making games to the Sega Genesis anymore. Games don't work the same way that they did
literally 30 years ago at this point. And so, you know, if you want to go all the way back to the
days of the Atari 2600, those games were made by one person. And then when you get into the NES
era, some of the hell some of those games were made by one person. Like you look at balloon fight,
you know, as you know, Satoru Iwata is, you know, one of his, you know, biggest, well known games,
or small teams, if you will, when you get in the NES era, and then getting into the Sega Genesis
still, it was more smaller teams. That's not how games are made anymore. Not a Square Enix
production, right? But like, it's not necessarily I mean, it's still I think, a good example,
though, like just changing game mechanics, but should you really be changing game mechanics two
weeks, you know, right from launch? I mean, I get it. Like, I don't know what he's changing it from,
like, if there's like, oh, you have to have 50 rings in or not to die or something like that.
I don't know what it was before where they decided to drop it down. But that's,
that's like tweaking a value. It's like, okay, well, this boss is going to do 10 damage points
instead of two damage points or something like that. Like that's just like small tweaks. That's
what that's what you do. Like in the part of the whole gameplay testing and balancing phase of
like game development. It doesn't matter the size of the team. But that, right. That's just an
example of like, we constantly work towards making the game better up until launch, right? That that's
what development teams are supposed to do. You don't just go, okay, time to kick back. You know,
it's like, right, you're trying to smash, you know, bugs and stuff like that. But like,
but certain things sounded like there's a lot six months beforehand. They weren't. That's why,
you know, ultimate. So again, this is, I think mistakes were made all around. I don't think
Square Enix Square Enix is certainly not blameless in this scenario. No, I'm not sure
Yuji Naka is 100% the good guy. I think he made mistakes too. And the one thing, you know, I'm not
seeing a lot of that in here. And this discussion for the lawsuit is, you know, what, what did he
learn about himself from this experience? So that's just, that's just something I just kind
of notice. So anyway, I'm going to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network as the two 100 Matt
says, seems like there were F your visions. We got to get this game out now because we're invested
too much and need to get a return here. As to 100 Matt says six weeks out, your QA testing should be
done not changing mechanics. Last week, we talked about Xenoblade Chronicles three and how it's
coming out early now. You know how a game comes out early? A lot of planning and getting a lot of
shit locked in well before two weeks before or just releasing it early and hoping for the best
and then putting out a roadmap later on seeing that like, here's how we're going to fix it.
Here's our roadmap and our roadmap of a roadmap. Yeah, so there's two options there. The good and
the evil.
questbuster says huge respect for Naka and his place in gaming history. No one will take that
away. Yes, I agree. But he's still human like everyone else. Absolutely. Right? Exactly.
As like, you know, for example, Mighty number nine, you know, that that's another perfect
example. Like it on paper, that should have been a really fun like Mega Man type game.
It wasn't. On the other hand, then we also have was that that bloodstain rituals of the night or
whatever. Whereas that is a good like Castlevania like game. So some people can do it. Some people
try to do it and they it you know, they can't. It's not as easy as you know, just being a certain
role on a team. You know, it's you're running this company and doing all this other stuff like,
like my number nine had a lot of stuff that was like wrong with it. Like,
when they are start pitching a whole nother game on top of it, like a new Mega Man Legends type
thing. And like animated series and all this stuff. It's like, okay, cool. Let's focus back
on that game that you need to work on, you know, not just all these other projects down the road
like it. Yeah, it's just you have to have the right talents to be able to do just the game
development part and then all the other publishing and stuff parts as well. Because if you don't,
then it'll fall apart even if you are a talented developer.
I'm hoping I'm pronouncing this right. I'm sorry if I'm not in chat. Godets in chat says it's
interesting. I've played a lot of teamfight tactics and League of Legends over the years.
So I'm pretty used to constant changes to my game. But those are free to play models. Yeah,
exactly. It's not something where, you know, they're taking pre orders, getting your money up
front, you know, to deliver a game on a certain date. I think usually the vision of those free
to play games is usually it's it's that, you know, they're going to grow their subscribers over time.
That's what success looks like to a free to play game. It is very rare. You have a game like
Pokemon Go, that has gazillions of players out the gate. That's not the model of success. And
that's not even when this has been discussed many times. That's not what Niantic was expecting
either. Is that game be huge at the gate. It's all about growing your base with those games.
It is a much different model to approach anyway. But yeah, Yuji Naka, he's human. It'll be
interesting to see how this plays out in the coming months. But it definitely puts a whole
other spin on this conversation. Anyway, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the
types of video games that we have been playing this week. Loki, you were talking a little bit
about it. But how was your recovery gaming week? My gaming week was all Minecraft because I had a
large project that I decided to do. So in my S&P series on nerdcraft, I've been working on this
whole steampunk, you know, build. And so part of that is going to be building a city, you know,
a steampunk city or something. So I was trying to terraform everything to make the land kind of,
usable to build buildings on it. And I realized it was just really flat and boring. And so like
my other folks, since we have it like broken up with different factions, so they have like the
folks that are building mountains, and one doing like gothic architecture. And then I think
somebody else was doing something. But the mountain stuff looked really cool. And I was like,
well, it'd be cool to build like a mountain. And then my project got over scoped to hell. So like,
it took forever to clear out the land that was in there. Then I ended up going into a creative test
world, designing a mountain, basing it off of like some of the block pallets and stuff in this mod
Terralith, which has these really, Terralith is awesome. It has like a really beautiful landscape
and everything in all these different mountains and just amazing landscapes. So I based it off
of that. And then I decided because I'm a perfectionist, I need to put real Minecraft
caves inside these mountains. So I also grabbed some of those out of my world and kind of
build the schematics around all that stuff. So after I had all that done, and then I because
originally the schematic was like 4 million blocks, I was like, nope, not doing that because
it was solid. So I hollowed it out, which took forever. And then once I had it all hollowed out,
it had the schematic in place, I needed to gather about 90,000 blocks to start building. And that's
90,000 outside of like the actual smoothing of the landscape to match the land around it. So
the landscape smoothing itself also took about another, I think it was like 120,000. I don't
know, it ended up being roughly just over 200,000 blocks at the place or remove or it was a lot. So
that took several weeks just to design it. And then once I got it took like a week or something
to clear out the space, and then to actually build everything took like a week and a half to two
weeks. And when I say a week and a half to two weeks, I'm not talking about like, after work each
day, it was during my recovery time, I was putting in 12 to 14 hour days playing Minecraft,
doing this stuff. So it's it was a massive project, like massive, massive project.
So I'm showing the video for the Twitch people. And for the folks on the podcast, of course,
you can see it too. And I would urge you to go check it out over at Loki o lr on YouTube.
But this this mountain, we're looking at a Minecraft, you built that? Yep, one brick
at a time. Yep, one one block at a time. It's hollow. So it's, it's, it, it, you know, it's
a lot less material. So yeah, but yeah, the time lapse on that video is great. I the music and
everything. It turned out really well. But yeah, there's actual keys in there. In fact, I think I
actually a little bit later in the clip here, I end up like going into one of the caves that kind
of show it off. But yeah, we can just yeah, it's there you are in the cave. Yeah, there's one of
the caves that I was in. So like it actually has caves and I lit up everything so that mobs will
spawn in there. But yeah, that was like when I watch your videos, I'm so inspired to play
Minecraft. And then I do play Minecraft. And then I remember how fucking bad I am at it that like,
I need to not play survival mode. That's the thing.
Play survival. There's a lot of stuff that they've changed nowadays. It makes it a lot easier
like lighting up stuff. Like monsters don't come out unless there's light level zero. So you can
put fewer torches and stuff. Here's what I didn't finish the story. Here's what really happens Loki
and they'll start playing Minecraft. I'm like, this is too hard. And I'll be like, I'll go play
No Man's Sky because that's like Minecraft enough. Yeah, that's that's what ends up happening.
Anyway, check out check out that video over at YouTube Loki o lr. Of course,
so I don't want to show the whole thing. But I had to share. That's fine.
But yeah, it's so it was a massive project. And it was my fault for making it too because like,
I started off in the mountain wasn't that big. And I was like, it doesn't look that great.
And so it just kept getting bigger. And then it kept getting more elaborate. And it was just
what I should have done is broke it up for multiple videos. But I just didn't,
I just wanted to finish it. And so I did it on one and it's really way too much for one video.
It was and then fortunately, like I looked at the time like the last video I'd released before that
was my April Fool's video, which was on April 9. And this is like almost three weeks later. So it
I try not to space that out that much because I want to make sure that I have, you know,
my content in there. I try to get stuff out at least every week or two weeks. I did put a
hardcore one in between those but it's just you know, it turned out really well. Now I can just
go focus on buildings and stuff and not actually doing more landscape stuff. I'll do some landscape
stuff, but it's gonna be a lot less big like this. But it just, yeah, it turned out really
well. So hopefully it gets noticed. Because, yeah, it took a lot of time.
My gaming week, a lot of the same stuff for me as well. A lot of Final Fantasy 14,
I was streaming that I've been leveling Sage in that game. So I'm, I think I've got Sage up to
85 or 86 now. So I'm getting really close to 90. And yeah, so I did a couple of streams.
Shane was on there and we were running dungeons talking about random stuff. I'm very thankful.
Shane will stream with me. So I have someone to talk to because then that way it doesn't matter
if like no one's watching, we're able to have a conversation. It's really nice. So that's been
fun to stream. Also been playing. I think I sometimes understate how much I play some of the
mobile games like Pikmin, which, I mean, Pikmin is really like a set it and forget it kind of game
when you're like planting flowers and stuff. But those games really do incentivize the walking
that I do and the exercise that I've been getting. And I've been very transparent here on this show
that I made a lot of changes with a lot of my lifestyle stuff about six months ago. And today
I hit a landmark of 45 pounds lost since last summer, basically. And a lot of that is
gamification of walking through things like Pokemon Go, Ingress somewhat. And Pikmin has
been huge with it because Pikmin Bloom came out right around the time all that started happening.
So it's been hugely like motivational for that stuff. So if it seems like I'm always talking
about the same games. I also sometimes don't talk enough about some of them that I really I
do put a lot in because it it incentivizes the real world moving around stuff that I need to be
really doing a lot right now. So I just hit level 55 or am I 56? I'm somewhere in there in Pikmin.
So I'm getting pretty pretty. I'm at the point where my level is in silver, it changes to silver
at 50. So I know the level cap is 100. So someday, I'll get there. I'll try and keep trying.
Otherwise, I actually I actually played a little bit of Dead by Daylight today,
which I haven't been playing as much of that lately. But they're doing an event this weekend,
they just launched a new rift. I don't think it's our show notes tonight. So they made a big deal
that they they have announced that one of their characters is gay. And as part of the you know,
they know they know that the LGBTQIA plus community keeps them afloat on Twitch. And so
it's one of those things where they knew they needed the representation of the game. So they
did it. Um, a lot of different hot takes on it. Some folks feel that, you know, this character
has been out for six years. And it said, does it seem like it's a little bit pandering? Like,
I get it. Like, it's good to have representation. But it's also like, kind of pandering. Yeah,
yeah, both those things can be true, is that it's nice to have representation. But it does
feel a little bit like pandering. Now, at least I'll say this, it's not June. So at least they're
doing it outside of Pride Month. And they released a really nice new pride charm, they they have the
new progress pride flag is available in game to redeem to which is nice. You know, and again,
it's one of those things where it's like, well, I don't want to look a gift horse in the mouth.
I'm glad the representation is there. That's cool. But does it feel a little bit like,
gosh, a lot of players are leaving our game. I hope the gays don't leave us. We better throw
them a gay character. And you know what, let's make the most conventionally stereotypically
hot one, the gay one, the shirtless one, the gay one. And sure enough, that's what we got.
And so there's a little bit of, I don't know, there's just a little bit of, hmm, hmm. But
but I'm not complaining. But it's also just dead by daylight. It's whatever.
But I want to make clear, that's not the reason why I started playing again. I mean, it's neat.
And I did log in to get the new pride flag. That was more of a big deal than the character to be
quite honest, because I don't care about lore. Dark soccer, she cares about lore. Maybe she
has more of an opinion on that. We can ask her next week. But I don't really care about lore.
I just care about the game. So anyway, but they have the double rift tokens going on right now.
And you know, that means you can earn cosmetic rewards, which is kind of fun. So I've been
playing a little bit of that. So all right, let's move on and get into some other gaming news for
the week. And Loki is going to start us off tonight, talking about, you know, some schedules,
some schedule not changes, some things, some things just stay the same, I guess.
Some things just, you know, some things the venue was already rented.
Right. So Microsoft in well, Bethesda, and now Microsoft are going to be continuing
the tradition of having a presentation that interrupts our show on June 12. So they're
going to be doing the Microsoft and Bethesda not E3 showcase that will show off what's going to be
coming up on their Xbox and PC and game pass ecosystems. Cool. I'm excited.
Yeah, it's it's actually even though there is no E3 this year.
It's actually at 10am. Oh, my mistake. Yeah, it won't interrupt our show this time.
But it's it's nice that they're keeping some of the pomp and circumstance that gamers come to
expect from June. So it's nice to see that Microsoft slash Bethesda is kind of holding
down the fort, so to speak. And now that it's both those companies at the same time, because
I don't, you know, with the pandemic and everything, we haven't really had a traditional
event in a while. So it'll be kind of neat to see Microsoft and Bethesda sort of joining forces
for this this year in a little, which I would assume is going to be a little more
feel a little more traditional, maybe. So yeah, and I would bet that they booked the venue
a year ago. Probably probably before there wasn't going to be an E3.
Anyway, do I dare ask or is it just stupid to ask? What do you think they're going to show?
What do you think we're going to get? I mean, Starfield, Fable, probably more content for
Halo Infinite. I don't know. Microsoft has so many studios now. I mean, there could be a plethora of
things that they could show. Yeah, I think start a Starfield with the game. We know Starfield's
coming out in November, unless they push it back, which they could always do. But I think they will,
you know, Bethesda is not afraid to release a game with bugs. So Starfield will probably still come
out in November. So I would fully expect we're going to get a deep dive in Starfield in June.
I am pretty hyped about that. I like space. So I'm curious, you know how that game is going to look
and play. I'm hoping it's Elder Scrolls in space. I really am. So we'll see. Speaking of Elder
Scrolls, I'm not expecting that we see Elder Scrolls 6, but I'd be really excited if we got
a little more than what we've had so far, like another teaser. You know, I think because Starfield
is this year, it would be silly to expect Elder Scrolls 6 is also this year. I think that game is
probably still two years away, but I would be excited for new Fallout, not 76. Although we
probably will get some Fallout 76 content that they'll probably show off. But another huge thing
I want to see, and I'm so excited about it because I do think it'll be, I think this is going to be
a this year release, the Fable game from, you know, the Forza Horizon team. I am fucking excited
about that. And I'm thinking June is when we're going to get to see some actual footage. There
better be some really awesome, like some really awesome wagon racing in that game.
Now you want them to make an Oregon Trail game.
Where you can, you can race the Oregon Trail and for the
I want it like Oregon Trail, but literally with the horizon. The horizon, not horizon, with the
yeah, like with with the the modern Racing D aesthetic to it, like, you know, this Oregon Trail,
I want the same radio stations in there, even though it's completely unrealistic, like I just
want it. Absolutely. Just that. Okay. Modern Oregon, Oregon Trail. I'm down. I'm down. I
think that's exciting. All right. Let's see. I guess we should move on to our next story.
Which of course, bear with me a little bit here. All right. So let's talk a little bit about
PlayStation Plus, because we're gonna get the new PlayStation Plus and the, you know, the new
cloud stuff. Well, it's not really new, but there's a whole bunch of new stuff getting
added to it. We're getting that later in June, which by the way, have we had Sony confirm that
they are planning something for June? We haven't had them confirmed yet, right?
Think so. They do their own thing. But I mean, all of these changes are supposed to happen what
like around like June 13, or something, which is very conveniently timed right around that,
right? Or not E3. June 13 is when it's supposed to launch in the US. So I mean,
it's very conveniently timed to have an unveil of what all is going to be in that. But anyway,
anyway. However, even though this is Sony's answer to Game Pass, in some ways, it's not going to fall
for the same stuff that Game Pass fell for. Meaning, if you're trying to stack up your
subscription to get many free years of the ultimate PlayStation Plus, tough cookie,
you cannot do it. It's already been shut down. Sony has temporarily disabled the ability to stack
PlayStation Plus subscription time ahead of these new changes that are coming in June.
The company will take the longest running active subscription when setting the converted memberships
end date. So basically, you could stock up on regular Plus cards to get the same time as a
premium subscriber you could have before, but you can't do that anymore. And more information has
come out since then about exactly how many days things will convert to. So it's like if you have
like a PlayStation now it only converts like 18 years later. So anyway, if you didn't get in on
this early, it's already been shut down. So yep, cool. Glad they're doing everything they can to
make it not a good deal. Orange writing chat says my current subscription lasts until March 2024.
Well, lucky you, lucky you because you get got in on that before they changed everything. So
yeah, I'm curious what the new PlayStation Plus is going to look like with all the retro games. But
you know, it just kind of depends on what's in there, I think a little bit.
So but we're starting to get our first glance at what might be in there. Because
apparently some of the games that are going to be on the premium PlayStation Plus,
they're starting to leak onto the PlayStation Network. Users on Reddit found new listings for
classic titles with new thumbnail art. And apparently they're starting to show up within
that PSN backend. So these would be games that are very likely for PlayStation Plus. So games
that have been discovered so far Tekken 2 from Namco, Mr. Driller, and Ridge Racer for the PSP
all have been spotted on there. But that's it. So that's only three games out of what like 450
that we know of so far. But I mean, I'm excited to see Ridge Racer coming back. I wish it was a new
Ridge Racer. But I also mentioned Worms Armageddon and Worms World Party as well. Yes, those got
spotted later. So a few days later, they found Yeah, those two games as well. So but we don't
have any official confirmation from Sony as of yet. Orange Wright says cool to see PSP games.
Yes, we actually we did know that PSP games were coming out as part of this too. What we don't know
yet PlayStation Vita, they never did confirm that. So I wouldn't expect PlayStation Vita.
And that might have to do with the backtouch panel maybe making a lot of games. But there's
a lot on the Vita that wouldn't need that you would think I don't know. Well, they did put out
a console called the PlayStation TV that doesn't have a back panel. So I guess. All right. Well,
let's move on. More updates in Sony's world sort of right. Yep. So apparently, there's rumors
that Final Fantasy 16 is near the end of development, according to the producer.
Um, so I guess we'll be seeing this soon. Maybe if it's something in June, I think it's about time
we're gonna see some more, you know, the last the last 10% is also the last 90%. So it could be wild,
you know? So we'll see. But yeah, Final Fantasy 16. Well, something to consider to when that game
was first unveiled, what about a year ago at this point, right? When that game was first unveiled,
it was really far along like just in what you were seeing in the trailer and all that stuff. I mean,
they were running it on a PC emulating PlayStation. But I mean, still, like just with the cutscenes
you were seeing, they showed in game combat footage and stuff like that. So like, the game
did seem like it was pretty far along at that point last year than it has been the most games
are when they announce them. So, you know, but again, obviously, I want the game to be good.
I so I want them to take their time and just get it right. But you know, again, with Yoshida
producing it, who has basically saved the Final Fantasy franchise with Final Fantasy 14, in my
opinion, I, I have big expectations for this game, which is probably a dangerous thing. But I really,
I really, really can't wait for it. So like, I hope it's this holiday. But I will wait longer
if I need to for the game to be right, I guess is what I'm trying to say. I need to go back and
finish the Final Fantasy seven remake and stuff and 15. It's pretty good. Seven is pretty good.
15 is okay. 15 is worth your time. But I did find the last sequence to be a bit of a letdown,
although it did have a good ending. I will say the ending scene was more satisfying than most.
I'm so just, I don't even want to call it old school. I'm just old at this point. But like,
I missed the term Bates Final Fantasy games. Like, that's what it was. This is this fast
actions too fast for my feeble elderly hands. According to the internet, you know,
because like, elderly is 25 now. So get good. I don't really know what that's. I don't really
look at me. But like, get good. I guess like, I don't know, like, I just want to like,
I just want to relax and be able to strategize on like, what I need to do and not like have to
do all that. I don't know. Remember, Final Fantasy 15 did have two modes. It had the
normal weight mode or whatever. I know it did. And I played the demo and the demo was
fine, I guess. But like, it's just not the same. You know, like, I like I miss, like, honestly,
when we were looking at Final Fantasy games, like how they kind of work. Like Lost Odyssey was a
great Final Fantasy game like that. That's how it should be like, modern, modern game with like,
the Final Fantasy combat. I mean, that's kind of what it is. Well, some would argue go play
Octopath Traveler. That's what Square Enix is doing now. Yeah, I guess. I don't know.
I have a live coming out soon. I'm just I'm just stubborn. I guess I don't know. I just need to
give it another chance. That's like why I haven't really played like Kingdom Hearts either. Because
like, oh, yeah, I still buy them for some stupid reason. But like, I haven't played the kids.
The kids don't play those games. Some day. They don't play those games. Like, yeah, sure.
Yeah, so like, I help you. And now you are like, um, yeah, I don't know. I want to enjoy those
games. But they're so convoluted. Like Final Fantasy 15. Like kind of bored me. Like,
I couldn't really follow the storyline. It was just, I don't know. I didn't give it much of a
chance. But I'll go back to it at some point. I don't know. Bobby Blackwolf and chat says
persona is a great turn based JRPG. But it's a time commitment. Bobby, Bobby, Bobby. I'm so
disappointed. That was the perfect opportunity for you to say your kooza like a dragon is a
great JRPG. And it is that is a great way to play it again. And you that is like opportunity you
know, you windows close now that you you are correct. That is a great RPG. And I do love
that game. And that is a game I do need to go back and finish. I just need to get my Xbox Series X
back from my sister who's been borrowing it for the last four months. So I need to get that back
so I can finish that game. But yes, that is a great game. And I hear it has a great story. So
more of that, please. Like I will take you know, I'll take the kooza games are fun. I like that,
you know, but like, let's put that same team on like something else to like, you know,
yes, they are. They're now making that's now the main Yakuza series. So yes, they will be
making some nice roast muffin in our chat. Hello, hello says the seven remake is the best of the
like action based Final Fantasy. And I do I definitely agree the seven remake was far better
than it had any right to be like honestly, and just that one was okay. I maybe I can just ease
myself into that type of gameplay with seven and then go into 15. And yes, here's the thing about
seven like and I don't know how much you've spoiled yourself on the story. And quite frankly,
we're far past the moratorium on spoilers. And I ought to be able to talk openly about it now.
However, no, I'm gonna buy my tongue for the listeners. But I'm just gonna say, again,
the story in seven. Like you, you think you know, what's gonna happen. And I assure you,
you do not know what's going to happen. And it's it's worth playing. Because I think that
commentary in and of itself is very good. Like again, like this, the seven remake is really
worth playing just on the commentary of remakes in general. I'll say that much. It's very interesting.
So play it. All right. But I know I know how it goes. Look, you have a 200,000 brick mountain to
make in Minecraft. You have no fucking time. I'm done with the brick mountain for now. But yes,
I would need to go back. Yes, I would need to. Well, no, see, that's the thing like and going
back to the whole content creation thing. You don't know what's going on behind the scenes.
Like, I feel like constantly, it's like, okay, video put out now, clock reset, but it's still
ticking. You know, it's like, I gotta go out and put more stuff out, especially my hardcore series,
because there's that's what's bringing the viewers is that so like, I got to give the
people what they want. And so E3VL in chat says Final Fantasy seven remake is essentially a
multiverse game. That's about as far into spoiler territory. I'm going to let you go. But yes. Yes.
And that's, that's what yeah, the multiverse is all the rage right now. So I know I'm excited.
And let me tell you again, while we're talking multiverse, you must see the movie everything
everywhere all at once. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. And I apologize if I'm
hyping this up too much. But I really urge you don't read anything about the movie. Just go see
it and you will be so so satisfied. It is just it is just a good fucking movie. And it does. It goes
to show that movies do not have to be gigantic budgets, like Marvel style movies. That's no shade
on Marvel. Because you know, those those movies have their place too. But I am super excited
about Dr. Strange. Yeah, I know. And lots of people are and that's great. I'm excited. But
just just and Michelle Yeoh, end of sentence, Michelle Yeoh, period. End of sentence. That's
all that needs to be said. Michelle Yeoh, the grand and short round. I don't remember his name.
But yeah, like, I hear he's great in it. Oh, oh my god, that the fact that he's come back from
acting after like 40 years and does that. I mean, people are gonna forget this movie come Oscar
time and I don't put a lot of stock into awards. I hope not. It is it is our responsibility as the
internet internet rally around me. It is our responsibility as the internet period. A
corporation. Al Gore's internet is our responsibility. That the Academy does not forget
about this movie come next Oscar season. And if Michelle Yeoh doesn't get nominated,
I was gonna make a slap joke, but then I realized I'll be in bad taste. So I'm not gonna make it.
All right, let's move on. Loki, you have another story for us.
Yes. So Game Freak is implementing an optional four day workweek, which sounds amazing. So
they're giving employees an extra day off of the week for the purpose of childcare or family care.
And they're it's able to be done on a monthly basis to have like a flexible work environment,
they said, where needed. But it does come with a 20% pay cut. So if it's a four day workweek,
and you're not working an extra day, so there's not paying you for that paying you for that day.
Exactly. Yes. So that is a bit misleading.
That's just more. That's not paid time off either. That's
yeah, that's just that's just you can work only four days and we'll give you four fifth salary
for doing that. But I mean, you have an option. At least they have benefits.
Yeah, there are some people, you know, as much as we're kind of staring at this and
blinking right now. There are people where this would fit very well into their life.
And you know, it's like, oh, I could hold down a full time job and benefits and so forth. But also
have that extra day for the bandwidth, I need to, you know, take care of kids, go to school,
whatever it is, you know, everybody's life. And it's optional. So at least they have an
option to do that. And you know, it's you have just have to weigh it. But at the very least,
like if it were in the United States, and they were not paying you for that extra day,
they would probably take away your benefits as well. Because you're not a full time employee
at that point. You know, like, that's the kind of shitty things that US employers do. So
cool. Like to see them do that.
SSU 100. Matt says I do know places and friends who work at places where they have for
10 hour days. Yeah, I do. Actually, my Yeah, my day job company has this option as well.
First, most positions, sometimes the position doesn't kind of let you do that. But for most
positions, you can do that. But yeah, and for the work at home, especially where you're not
commuting. I think that works very well for a lot of people.
I would totally do that. But unfortunately, I'm your salary. So for my for 10 hour days,
and then another eight hour day, it's still paid the same. So it's like,
yeah, unfortunately, you can't do that. But that was an option. I know back when I was in our
customer service center, when we were in the call center, the EU could do for 10s if you wanted to.
I just couldn't swing that either.
Yeah. So again, sometimes with schedule, like, you know, you have kids, it's harder to work 10
hour days when you have to get your kid from school and those those sorts of needs. That's
harder to do. So you know, it just depends on your life situation. So but it's nice to see employers
have that flexibility. And I think that is a huge thing that the pandemic. Good employers have
responded to the pandemic with more flexibility. Good ones have and they'll they'll persevere for
that. Anyhow, let's move on. We were talking about PlayStation Plus a little bit ago.
Let's talk about those game trials. Because again, part of the perks for PlayStation Plus is that
you're supposed to get free game trials up to like a certain, I think two hours in or something
like that to really get a robust taste of the game. And there was some reporting going around
on social media that Sony is asking developers to create time limited trials for games for the new
PlayStation Plus premium service. But now it's coming out from Ethan Gack at Kotaku that actually
the PlayStation store team is going to take this on and set up the trials for the developers. So
it's interesting how that rumor led to this kind of shifting course here. But in a tweet, Ethan
says sources tell me, of course, a good old source, which means that somebody inside Sony that just
doesn't want to get in trouble. PlayStation store team will create the two hour time trials for
developers. So it shouldn't be extra work, though I've heard concerns from others about Sony
monetizing a perk and not sharing that revenue with studios. That's an interesting side effect
is that you know, there might be people that play the two hour demo and decide not to get the game.
And the publisher doesn't get anything from that, even though Sony did. Well, demos,
I would assume this is gonna work just like the trials work with I think. I think it was EA that
was, you know, actually, not that they mentioned the trials and stuff. Wasn't it Sony that was
doing that? I thought they were already doing trials for full games. Or maybe I'm thinking EA
or something like that through their like EA thinking early accessing, you're thinking of
EA through their EA player, whatever it's called. Yeah, I swear to God, though, there was something
outside of EA that was doing full, they were doing like, trials for like, full games or something
like that. Well, steam, if you want to, I mean, it's not really a trial, but they do the refund
within two hours. And some people abuse that as a trial. Well, no, not not like that. But like,
I want to say like, gosh, was it? PlayStation was through PlayStation Plus, actually, they had full
game trials, this is a great way to try before you buy, play a game for up to one hour or and
then purchase the game to unlock trophies and continue your progress. So this is something
they already had. This is not a new thing. They had it on PlayStation four. Interesting,
but now it's going up to two hours. And it's only going to be in PlayStation premium.
That's interesting.
Whoo, we we changed the one to a two and then we charged you for it.
That's that that that does on beyond that does track with Sony. Remember when playing online was
free? That's some that's some Yuji Naka level tweaking, you know, services there, you know.
Next story.
So you want to hear something scary? They're going to be making a Poppy Playtime movie.
No, that's pretty cool. No, I'm totally I would totally watch that. It's awesome. But yeah,
so Poppy Playtime, if you're not aware, is a indie survival horror video game that involves a
toy factory with, you know, fun creatures like Fuzzy Wuzzy or Huggy Wuggy or something like that.
I don't remember his name, but yes, so horror game with giant like puppets and stuff like that.
But it is being developed by Studio 71, who, if you're not familiar with that name, they did the
VHS series. It was like a bunch of kind of I don't know if it was like a horror anthology
or something like that. But I remember it had to do with like people finding VHS
tapes with like horrible things on it. So of course, you know, the company Mob Games
that develops the game is said that they could have never imagined that this game be so popular
as it is. And they're beyond excited to work with Studio 71 to transform Poppy into a feature film.
So I am excited. It's going to be scary. It is going to be damn scary. But like,
I want to see that. And also whatever happened to the stupid FNAF movie? Like,
is that ever going to happen? I'm so disappointed. Have you seen this? I got a
there's this post going around Facebook. Hold on. Okay. I didn't want to show the name of the
person. But I got I got it from the I'll show the name of the sheriff's office that shared it
because this is this is wild. Do you want to see this latest thing going around Facebook as I saw?
Because I used to at my old job, I used to work with some Karen's so I still follow some on
Facebook. And one of them posted this. So it's from Okay, hold on. Let's show this here. How do I
let me do? Hold on. Sorry, bear with me because I'm doing it live.
There. Okay. Attention parents. The county sheriff's office looked at the origins of a
controversy about a character named Huggy Wuggy from a survival horror video game called poppy
playtime. This is a survival horror video game developed and published by American indie developer
mob games, etc, etc, etc. They're issuing a warning to parents due to a series of videos
surrounding Huggy Wuggy. The warnings are due to the characters initially child friendly videos,
which very quickly turned nightmarish. The concerning videos are fan made,
produced by someone who admires a particular TV show, film or video game. Here are some of the
YouTube channels that made the concerning videos and there's a list there. The videos include
offensive language, cartoon representations of alcohol use, blood stabbings, decapitations,
attempted murder, murder and the bloody aftermath of a car crash. And one of the videos a toy
cartoon character tells a cartoon person, my hugs don't hurt one bit, you'll be dead before
the pain comes. The character then hugs and squeezes the person until they turn blue and
passes out. What? Why? Why are the police warning people about YouTube content is what I want to
know. That's what struck me as like wild. When I saw that Facebook post, I was like, wait, is this
is this actually poppy playtime or no, this is like YouTube people using poppy poppy playtime.
This is getting into the whole Elsa Spider-Man nonsense that the like the dark side of like
YouTube, like bot farms and stuff like that to create these weird like procedure, not even
procedurally generated, it's just like, just garbage stuff that children will click on.
And yeah, there's probably a lot of fan videos and stuff about poppy playtime and stuff because
because that's the thing. But I don't understand why the police need to be involved with this as
far as like, warning people in true video game fashion, or I'm sorry, in true Facebook fashion.
Can I go to this comment here? Yeah, first of all, the LCSD should be ashamed of itself for
this fear mongering anti video game post. Not all video games are for kids. Those still stuck in the
video games are toys for children mindset have no one to blame for themselves. If their children
are exposed to content they deem inappropriate 59 replies and I hesitate to think what they're
all gonna be positive anyway, I'm sure parents watch what your kids are consuming. That's the
bottom line here, right? All right. Sorry, I had to bring that up. I just when I saw that on
Facebook, I was like, what in the what is this world? Then I hope their kids get taken to the
movies to go see poppy playtime. The wonderful like, it's like the Muppets.
SSG 100. Matt says, Oh, God reading the comments live. Yeah, sometimes sometimes what does this
show become? Oh, I'm sure the movie can be rated R and kids will still show up anyway. Come on,
you go to any R rated movie these days. You go to you go to Mortal Kombat in the theaters and
people are like, Oh, whatever. I'm taking my kid because you know, it's a video game.
I saw this, I saw a video online about this theater chain that literally has
Emma assuming these are special theaters for like, kids movies and stuff, but they literally have
like, one of those play structures in the movie theater itself. It's like a McDonald's new play
structure thing with like movies and like actual kids movies and stuff. Tell me where I'm going
without telling me where I'm never going. I mean, I'm assuming it's for like special
like kids movies only but it'd be funny though they play poppy playtime that I prefer the reverse
of that like I don't know if they still do this but the kabuki kabuki theater in San Francisco
has several screens where since they sell alcohol, it's 21 and up only that is my favorite place to
see a movie. Yeah, that's I think they do that over here locally at our they call it the plaudio
Lux thing but they do have I think certainly screen times where it may serve alcohol time but
they have I think they do have certain it's a separate theater it's like right around the
corner of the regular patio but those are the ones where you have like the fancy like you can order
food and alcohol and stuff if you want and they have a bar but SSJ 100 Matt says I snuck into
barbed wire when I was 13. Wasn't that that Pamela Anderson movie? That movie is terrible.
Yeah, but you know what? There's there's a lot in that movie for a 13 year old boy.
At least y'all maybe maybe not all boys because I don't think that movie did anything for me but
some of y'all I'm sure really enjoyed that film despite the fact it was terrible. All right.
Anyhow, let's move on. Loki, why don't you tell us the most unsurprising news of the year?
There's gonna be a new Call of Duty what Activision making the game that makes the money
what so shocking. So they've announced that the new game they're putting out is Modern Warfare 2
and you may be thinking, well, wait a second there. I swear I remember there being a Modern
Warfare 2 before. In fact, I'm pretty sure there's a Modern Warfare 3. Well, this is the new Modern
Warfare 2, which is actually like Call of Duty 17 or something like that. I'm not really sure what
number that they're on now, but yeah, they're doing it's the sequel to the Modern Warfare
1 reboot thing. So it's a reboot sequel. Yeah, number 10 in the Modern Warfare series.
Do you own them all, Loki?
I own like the first three.
Technically, like, there's one, two and three. And then reflex was on the Wii, I think. And
then there's mobile games. There's the remasters. I don't have the remasters. And then I don't have
the new. I may have the new Modern Warfare because that may have been a PlayStation plus title at one
time. I may actually own all of them. I don't know, except for the mobile and the Wii version.
I wouldn't buy the Wii version.
Darktitsia in chat says maybe they should just put the year on it like Madden does.
Call of Duty 22. Would you play that?
I like the Modern Warfare games, honestly. I don't know how the last reboot thing was,
but like the first three Modern Warfare games were pretty good. I really like the first three
ones. But that's that's Activision of like the way past when it wasn't super terrible. Like the
games are good and they didn't have a loot boxes and stuff. But we're never going back to those
days again. Unfortunately.
E3VL in chat says can't put the year. They'll think it's based on Ukraine Russia war. Oof.
But I mean, kind of true. I mean, yeah, yeah, there are people types of conclusions.
And then there's another fun thing. So with Call of Duty Vanguard, they've added a new anti cheat
tool that now allows them to basically detect when they're doing the cheating. And they have
a new mitigation technique called cloaking that will make everybody but the cheater invisible.
So if they catch you wall hacking, you're going to be wall hacking ghosts, I guess.
The ways they trap and screw over cheat. Well, I mean, I wouldn't call it screwing over cheaters
because cheaters deserve it. But, you know, the pranks, I don't know, the punks they're playing
on cheaters are getting funnier and funnier. Devs are more and more clever with how they do that.
I always like the cheater island where you just put the cheater in games with other cheaters and
let them Yeah, that was granted thought of online, they used to do that. And people
just didn't really care. Like, oh, well, you know, well, right. That's,
and a lot of times you get put there for stupid things. I think some people like
being on cheater Island, quite frankly. So yeah, yeah. So well, you know, this is
it's not that ridiculous. You know, at least they're doing something unlike, you know, what
they're doing with what Blizzard is doing with Overwatch two, which is basically nothing.
Well, moving on to another story is that there's now 91 games that you can no longer play online.
Now, I do want to make sure there's kind of two important parts of the story because one of the
headlines that's going around is that Ubisoft is going to be shutting down services for 91 games.
But here's what's actually happened is that there was a blog post with a timestamp that was wrong
on it that said there's a list of 91 games have now been shut down. So it made it look like all
these games were shut down at once. But Ubisoft actually apologized for the confusion saying,
these are games that have all ended online services over the last year. So it is not 91
games that they shut down all at once. These are 91 games that have been actually shut down over
the last year. Most people probably just haven't talked about, yeah, it's a lot, but most people
probably haven't talked about it because most people probably didn't even notice. I mean,
there's games that are on this list that are on the Xbox 360, Far Cry Blood Dragon on PS3, Xbox 360
and PC, no longer playable online, but there's games on here for the Wii. How about Just Dance
3 Kids? I know I'm sure you're all beat up about that. But Just Dance 3 Kids is no longer playable
online. But there are some relatively newer games like that Far Cry Blood Dragon was released in
2020, I think, right? That game was awesome. Yeah. So Blood Dragon was not released in 2020.
You're right. I'm mixing it up. That's the date that it was actually retired.
Yeah, Blood Dragon came out a while ago, but that game is fantastic.
That is like one of the best spin offs of Far Cry game ever.
Yeah. I'm trying to see some games in here that are definitely taken down a bit more recently.
Rainbow Six Vegas 2, Rainbow Six Vegas, Rainbow Six Lockdown. So anyway, it's just part of the
natural ebb and flow of the cycle of video games is that online servers, they get shut down,
especially if no one's on there playing them. So perhaps we need to go back to a simpler time
when there were no video games servers online. So you could just keep playing games forever.
So let's get to this segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
Well, and as we discussed earlier in the show, Dark Sakura is not here tonight. So I'm picking
tonight's classic game, which I have picked Ultima. And I'm sorry, Loki. I would have let
you pick this time, but I didn't have a lot of notice. So I just had to throw something together.
So I had to think like, all right, what haven't I done yet? That's a game that I have a lot of
feelings. I could just talk about this game very easily for a little bit. And I came up on Ultima
4 Quest of the Avatar. So I've talked a little bit about Ultima 3. I think, you know, years ago,
I picked that as a classic game. But I want to talk a little bit about Ultima 4, because Ultima
4 is like, the whole Ultima series in general is really an RPG series that gave us a lot that it
often doesn't get credited enough for. Because Ultima 4, I mean, and the original Ultima series
was of course by Richard Garriott, Lord British on the PC and DOS based systems. Apple, I think
may have been where those games first started. They got ported everywhere. But a lot of modern
RPGs have a lot from Ultima to thank. And you'll notice that I'm actually playing Ultima 4,
the video here tonight and the music I think you're hearing on stream, I think it's coming
through, is coming from the NES version of the game. Because this is where I remember playing
Ultima 4 for the first time. It might surprise you, I did not play this on the Commodore 64 at
first or any of that stuff. But I actually originally played this on the NES. I want
to show you real quick, pardon the live screenshot switching here, but I want to show you real quick
what this looks like on the PC because it was a very, very different looking game on the PC.
You know, this, it looked a lot more like a traditional role playing game might look,
where you're actually having to input things and try to get, you know, the characters to
interact with you by typing things. You actually see your character moving north, south, east and
west. But a lot of this was changed for the NES. So it's just interesting that it is the same game
essentially, but they did a lot to really streamline a lot of the stuff that might feel
a little bit micromanagy in the game otherwise. So let me flip back here. I'm going to flip back
to the NES version because quite honestly, I think it has a better soundtrack. Oops,
sorry, sorry. Now I'm overlaying both games. That's what happens when I have to do it all
myself live. Okay, let's get into the weeds a little more on Ultima IV. It was released
in 1985, originally for the Apple II. It's considered part of the Age of Enlightenment
trilogy. So the interesting thing about Ultima IV, it's the first RPG in quite some time.
You're not trying to overcome a tangible Ultima evil. You're not trying to beat chaos.
You're not trying to defeat Lord Evil Doer. You know, this is a very different setup in this game.
So basically the way this is all put together is that the Triad of Evil from the previous Ultima
games changed the world of Sosaria. So some of the world disappeared. There were new continents.
It's just basically a way for them to come up with a new map for Sosaria, basically.
Lord British, who, you know, is kind of tongue in cheek, a representation of Richard Garriott
in the games, but he's the actual Lord over Britannia. He felt that people lacked purpose
after the struggles against the Triad were over and he was concerned with spiritual well-being.
So he proclaimed the quest of the Avatar. He needed someone to come forward and be the
shining example for others to follow. And that's what this game is, is your ultimate quest of
enlightenment, the quest of the Avatar. So you don't really, like, you're not against like,
oh, we've got this big bad we've got to do. So that's kind of interesting, I think.
Also in the beginning of the game, and a lot of people know this from the beginning of the game,
you're asked a series of questions that ultimately determine how your principles of truth,
love, and courage come together to choose what you're going to play in the game. I'm
going to rewind the stream here a little bit so you can see it again. But this first section of
the game is actually asking you questions about how you would respond in certain scenarios
that ultimately determine the class that you're going to play. So for example,
we're going to, let me get the next question here. Fighting it, oh, sorry, this person's
speed running it so it's like flying by. Let me try to get one of these questions.
Listen carefully. Entrusted to deliver an uncounted purse of gold, thou dost meet a
poor beggar. Dost thou deliver the gold knowing the trust in thee was well placed, or show
compassion, giving the beggar a coin, knowing it shan't be missed? So you're basically taking a
personality quest at the beginning of the game. And so in this scenario, do you A, honestly give
the money back, or B, show compassion and give the beggar a coin? So based on your answer here,
you're going to tilt the scales to either A, honesty, truth, which is a mage, it's embodied
by the mage in the game, which is pure, pure truth, honesty, or compassion is pure love,
and that is embodied by a bard. So the way you answer these questions, and so the person runs
through all these questions here in the intro and I think they ultimately land on a druid.
If I saw that, um, play by quick here. So this person landed on truth and love or justice coming
together. So you can actually have, and there are, there are eight classes. So truth is a mage,
love is a bard, courage is a fighter, truth and love is a druid, love and courage is a, um,
tinkerer, truth and courage is a paladin, truth, love, and courage is considered spirituality,
and that is a ranger. Or you can actually take a challenge in the game and play none,
a character with humility, one that has neither truth, love, nor courage, and that is a shepherd.
Now the character, the classes that you don't end up picking end up being NPCs in the game.
So if I fast forward in the footage here a little more, you'll notice that our druid
has put together a party here where it looks like I think they have the fighter,
and I think that's the ranger that they put together in their party there. So those
characters exist as NPCs and you put together a party of four people by going around the world
and completing quests and putting your party together to, you know, help you on your quest
to become the avatar. So I think it's really neat, like it's just, it's kind of a neat way
of building the game, like asking like, you know, your character being reflected by a personality
quest or a personality test, I think is really neat, and just how it impacts the ultimate game
and potentially its difficulty. So how did this game come about? Well, Richard Garriott got no
feedback because California Pacific Computer and Sierra Online never forwarded him mail.
So he finally realized from letters from enraged parents that in the earlier games,
doing immoral actions like stealing and murdering peaceful citizens might be things that people
would find objectionable. So Richard Garriott took on the task of wanting to be a good storyteller,
but a story that has content, and realized that 90% of games out there were just go kill the bad
guy. So Ultima IV ended up being a game about ethical overtones and ended up being a better
told story. In his official biography, it was said he decided that if people were going to
look for hidden meaning in his work when they didn't even exist, he would introduce ideas and
symbols with meaning and significance he deemed worthwhile to give them something they could
really think about. So the way this is all set up with a personality test and everything,
you're supposed to imagine that you're playing yourself in the fantasy realm and not a separate
person, and that was kind of something a little unique for this game at the time as well.
And he removed elements like playing a non-human because he worried that this would prevent players
from identifying personally with their character. So I think that's very, very interesting.
The ankh is oftentimes used as the symbol of the avatar, and Richard Garriott saw this originally
in the film Logan's Run and decided to use this in his game, and that ankh kind of became a symbol
for Ultima later on. This game came out on the Apple II, the Commodore 64, Atari 8-bit platforms,
a PC-DOS version, the Amiga and the Atari ST, the NES. It was on the Sega Master System, actually.
I always forget that the Ultima IV was on the Sega Master System. And I think, if I remember right,
sorry while I'm doing this live, but sometimes I do it that way, I want to say that the Sega
Master System, okay, we're going to look at somebody who's actually speedrunning the game.
I want to say, yeah, it looked more like the PC version. It didn't look like the NES version.
The NES version was done with completely redone graphics and things like that, and I want to say
the same team that did Ultima III did that. But it's interesting to see Ultima IV, I think,
on a console but more like the PC version. Oh, kind of interesting. Anyway, the reception for
this game, believe it or not, and it's interesting because ZenMonkey11 in chat says this game seems
confusing. I think it is. It may not have held up well over time because games have generally
gotten easier and so forth, just in that, you know, you don't have to manually type to a
character what you want to do anymore. But what this game did for the genre, people consider this
one of the best games ever made, if you can believe it. And I do, I do. I think, you know,
a lot of times games like Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest get credited for the genre. But I think
Ultima IV especially did a ton of stuff for the role-playing genre. And I think there's a lot
that we see in games today, especially things like, I would say, the Elder Scrolls series,
which also lets you kind of embody yourself in the main character that has Ultima IV to thank for it.
Computer Gaming World named Ultima IV as the game of the year in 1986.
In 1986, Dragon Magazine called Ultima IV the most impressive and complex adventure to date.
Famitsu reviewed the Famicom version of the game and only gave it a 31,
but the Sega Master System of the game got an 89% in computer and video games.
The co-creator of D&D, Dave Arntzen, said in 1988, Ultima IV and a few other games
have stood pretty much alone as quirks instead of trendsetters in the computer RPG industry,
as other games do not follow their innovations. And I think there was another one here.
Yeah, in 1996, Computer Gaming World named this game the second best video game of all time.
So, interesting. I'm sorry, did I not say Famitsu out of 40? Yeah, 31 out of 40. I'm sorry if I
was reading fast and trying to multitask here, so lots going on. But anyway, that's a little insight
to Ultima IV, Quest of the Avatar. And I know I played this game quite a bit. It was a hard game.
The battle systems, I found to be kind of hard. I would really like to go back and revisit this
game someday as, like, not a kid, because I bet there would be more in the game I would
understand that maybe I didn't understand as well before when I first played this game.
But yeah, I think this game is really, it was really transformative for RPGs, especially
on these shores and deserves a lot of credit. Questbuster in chat says Ultima IV was big for
a number of reasons, but probably it was because of its focus on self-improvement as opposed to
just go kill the big evil that really shook things up, as Rob pointed out. Well, thank you.
And there it is, the classic game of the week, Ultima IV, Quest of the Avatar.
Nice. All right. You ever played that game, Loki?
I have not. I actually don't think I've really played any of the Ultima games, except for,
briefly, Ultima Online was at a friend's house, and we were just being obnoxious children.
Yeah, there's nine games. Well, if you don't count online, there's nine games in the Ultima series,
if I remember right, because what pagan was eight, and I think there was one after that.
So, and they're basically, they are a trilogy of trilogies. And as I kind of referenced there,
one, two, and three were its own trilogy where it is go beat the bad guy. But then four, five,
and six kind of started this journey of enlightenment sort of series. And then seven,
eight, nine, I don't remember exactly. I kind of lost track of the series at that point,
but they were their own trilogy of things. So, yeah. Anyway, it's really a game worth visiting.
And I think especially the NES versions of the Ultima games are really overlooked by time,
because they are so radically different from the computer versions, which are the ones that are
credited for being so revolutionary. But the soundtracks to both those games too are really
good. I talk about Ultima III a lot. I remember the music in Ultima III very well. It is such a
good soundtrack, but those games haven't really held up in gaming people's memory quite as well.
I would love to see those games in a compilation someday. Those are the games for me I would love
to see on the Switch online, but I realized the rights issues gets complicated and so where they
got to convince Richard Garriott it's a good idea, I suppose. So, yeah. All right. Let's check
out some other headlines in a segment we call Rapid Fire News. And you got a few things tonight
for us, Loki. Yeah. So, Bethesda, because you know they are getting rid of their dedicated
launcher, they are going to be putting their games on Steam. And so, as part of that, they
have added five of their classic games to Steam, and some of which are actually free at the moment.
So, Elder Scrolls, you get the Elder Scrolls Arena, Elder Scrolls II Daggerfall, the Elder
Scrolls Adventures Redguard, and Elder Scrolls Legend Battlespire and Wolfenstein Enemy Territory.
Elder Scrolls Arena and Daggerfall are free. And also, apparently, Wolfenstein Enemy Territory is
zero dollars right now. I'm not sure that's going to stay that way, but go.
I grabbed the two, I forgot about the Wolfenstein game, so I got to go grab that too. But the two,
yeah, I grabbed those today. And just a reminder, you can now transfer your Bethesda launcher titles
over to Steam. When this was first reported on a couple months ago, that wasn't available yet,
but that is available now. And so, I actually had all three Quake games, because Bethesda gave
them away for free if you downloaded the launcher during QuakeCon at some point. So, now I have all
those games on Steam. So, just kind of fun. So, you can transfer that all over today. It's pretty
easy. You just link your Bethesda account to your Steam account, and then you push a button and
wait, basically. Yeah, I got to go do that.
Yeah. You have to, I mean, I don't think you can ever not do it, but you might have a lapse when
the Bethesda launcher goes away to play the game if you don't go move them over. So, you might as
well go ahead and do it. And grab the free games while you're at it. They're free.
Sure. The Super Mario Brothers animated movie, which is supposed to come to theaters this
Christmas, is now going to be delayed to April 2023. So, that was put out by a tweet from
Nintendo, or I guess Miyamoto, because it says this is Miyamoto. But yes, it's now been delayed
to April 7th and April 28th in Japan. So, oh, well, we'll just wait longer, I guess.
All right, whatever.
Yeah.
Fifth Dream in chat says, Christmas canceled by Nintendo. You know what,
though? Here's something to consider. The theme park at Universal Studios Hollywood
is going to open around that same timeframe. It's not opening this holiday. It's opening
spring 2023.
Apparently, BBC Proms is celebrating classical and orchestral music every year. They have live
concerts and they're going to be showcasing, for the first time, video game music this summer.
So, on August 1st, they're going to have gaming prom from 8Bit to Infinity,
which will be performed at the Royal Albert Hall in London and conducted by Robert Ames.
That's awesome. Yeah, Jason referenced that in the intro a little bit. And I hope there's a way
for us to watch it over here, that the content gets on YouTube and isn't region locked or
something. I'd love to see it. I think it'd be pretty great. Just coming off a couple of weeks
ago, seeing the San Francisco Symphony doing the Dear Friends, but the other Final Fantasy concert,
whatever they're calling it now. Distant Worlds, that was it. It's great to see the symphonies
performing the video game music. Again, it's art. It's a part of our culture. It's what we've grown
up on. Yeah. And then if you are interested in getting some more Animal Crossing music,
Animal Crossing New Horizons has the original Soundtrack 2 coming out on CD here. Also,
there is going to be a KK Slider vinyl album that's been released or revealed, I guess.
The Soundtrack 2 is set to release in Japan June 22nd and priced at 7,480 yen and apparently
includes 140 tracks across five CDs. And then of course, the vinyl album, which is supposed to be
released November 23rd and priced at 4,620 yen and has 19 songs in all. So 18 KK Slider music
instrumental collection and one bonus track. I wonder if Dark Sakura, I know she loves her KK
Slider songs. I wonder if she's going to get that vinyl. It seems like something that's up around.
Maybe. I'll have to ask her next week. All right. Well, now let's see what else we can buy this week
as we travel around the world and check out some release dates. So, Loki, what's coming out in the
US this week? In the US, we have Citizen Sleeper on PC, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Trek the Yomi on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series. And honestly, that's it.
Sure. Well, probably part of the reason it's quiet over here is that it's very quiet over
in Japan this week, because if I'm not mistaken, it's Golden Week in Japan, because I've seen some
of the sales starting on the stores in honor of Golden Week. And looking at the release dates,
there is nothing. There's some accessories coming out this week. We don't really talk about those a
lot. There are no games coming out this week in Japan. We don't really get to anything until May
12th on the Switch. When Dead by Daylight gets a release in Japan on the Switch, I think it's a new
compilation on the 12th. But as far as this week goes, nothing in Japan. So play what you already
got. Get caught up in your backlog. How about the UK, Loki? I imagine it's pretty slow.
The UK, they're just getting Sifu on PlayStation.
So all right. So a holiday week in Japan kind of slows down the gaming industry around the world.
But it's understandable, especially with a lot of games. Well, a lot of games from April. Yeah,
April, May is usually pretty dead anyway. So it's not not surprised. It is. Just because at this
point, companies are going to hold their games until school's out. And we have well to play
through games. So yeah, typically a lot of the stuff gets held until it used to be like June
would be kind of a little bit of a release window and then dead for July for sure. July is like an
absolute dead month. August is kind of like let's jump into the fourth quarter in the third quarter.
And then it just ramps up from there until December. All right. We have a few more stories
for you. And then we're going to take your calls and your emails and your other participation in
our listener roundtable. If you want to give us a call, join our discord. You can also talk with us
throughout the week on discord over at vog network.com. That's vognetwork.com slash discord.
If you want to call into the show, you want to head on over to the green room and we will be
pulling people in. But we'll get to that a little later. For now we have some headlines. Loki.
Yeah, let's talk about Twitch. The Twitch is looking to make some more money because they
apparently they are not making enough money. So they are considering some major changes to their
monetization practices, none of which actually benefit the streamers, unfortunately. So right
now, Twitch is looking to propose a cut to, I guess, certain partnered streamers from normally,
I guess they get 70% of the revenue from Twitch subscriptions. It's going to be dropped down to
50%, which is what affiliates make. Also, they're going to be doing some things to
um, I don't know if it's incentivize more ads to be played. Not really sure what that necessarily
means. And they're going to have a new tier system for partnered streamers as well. So yeah,
I don't know a lot of stuff is contractual stuff that I don't have anything to really do. Yeah,
so incentives for more ads, no more exclusivity, which I guess is all right. So no longer will they
force you to only stream on Twitch, you can actually stream on other platforms.
Let's be real, there are a lot of we're very good, you know, folks here at VOG, where we don't,
you know, put this show up on YouTube immediately after it's broadcast here on Twitch. But there's
a lot of people that do things like that. And they're just like, well, you know, it's what
Twitch isn't going to find out. And Twitch never does find out. But technically, you are in
violation of your contract. So maybe, you know, Twitch realizes they can't enforce this. So why
not make it a perk? Yeah, so I don't know. It's just, it kind of sucks that they're going to be
doing a lot of stuff. And of course, it's not been taken positive at all by anybody, I think
it's because it's literally taking away people's income. But but you know, what are you going to
do? Because it's, you know, something's got to give if Twitch doesn't make money, then the
platform disappears. And then people are up shit Creek. Oh, yes. Because Amazon doesn't make enough
money. My well, my advice to full time streamers is you better have a plan for if Twitch closes
tomorrow. Like that's my honest advice. You better have a plan for if Twitch closes tomorrow.
What are you gonna do? I don't even know here at VOG network, what do we do? I have an idea what we
do. But uh, you know, there's, there's pretty easy, you just do it on YouTube, or it always
go back to doing it on shoutcast. So but I don't know, I don't know, we don't really have an answer
yet. But you need to, you know, if but we also don't make a lot of money off this we don't make,
in fact, we doesn't really pay any of our, our personal bills. We don't make any money
personally from this. It pays for VOG to be a legitimate business. And it pays for once in a
while, some nice sponsorships and conventions and things like that. So yeah. Anyway, um, so I,
you know, Twitch is obviously in this situation where they're not making as much money as Amazon,
the big Amazon feels like they should. It's leading this tricky situation, I suppose.
So yeah. We'll see. All right. I wonder if I wonder if they aren't gonna,
I would think they're gonna start to gate up how long it takes to get to affiliate.
That's my honest advice. If you think you might want to become a Twitch affiliate at some point,
I would really encourage you to start that process sooner rather than later.
But let's be honest, though, like, there's there's nothing stopping them from taking affiliate
status away from you. There really isn't look at YouTube. I mean, YouTube, I used to be able to
make ad money off of like my channel. And now it's like, no, yeah, no, totally fair point.
So we'll see what happens. All right. Moving on. Next story. Also look, yes, Disney is or I should
say Gameloft is releasing a new Disney game called Disney dreamlight Valley, which looks kind of like
a cross between Animal Crossing and say like The Sims with like a bunch of Disney stuff thrown in.
It is a free to play game that is going to be on console and PC. And it'll be launching in 2023.
It's all I mean, it looks all right. I know there's some people that probably be into this,
but I get really wary when it's a Gameloft title. And I could just see monetization
out the ass for this. Yeah, it's one of those things where it's like it has the potential
to be really good. There's a lot of good things in that formula. But it's one of those we really
can't pass judgment on it until we can actually play it because it's one of those things that can
go many directions. It could really be surprising. It could really be a cash cow that just, you know,
leaves cow patties everywhere. So we'll see. Yeah, it looks neat, though, as long as it's
awesome. I would prefer this was more like a Disney Infinity type game. And that's almost
kind of the vibe I got from some of that stuff. But it's a free to play game. Like just make a
console game. Like, why is it so hard that we can't just like, like, honestly, like, imagine
like, if they made just like an Animal Crossing game, just like they can even sell DLC for like
different things like Oh, hey, you want like, you know, the Nightmare Before Christmas stuff. Now
we'll send and sell you a Nightmare Before Christmas thing and they could like piecemeal
it out that way. Instead of it being free. I just whatever.
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says serious Disney fans are
a different breed and will either love this or be shit on. Yes. Very that. Another story next also
from Loki. So Bungie has unfortunately kind of received a little bit of a loss when it came to
going after cheat sellers. For destiny to they apparently were going after the website aim junkie
saying that they were in violation of copyright infringement. But apparently the judge did not
feel that way. So they have dismissed the claims for the copyright was the non trade, I guess
trademark really claims they've dismissed that they said that the non trademark really claims
should skip the court and be resolved via arbitration. But apparently, though, the aim
junkies I guess and they have the legal team have dismissed the copyright infringement claims saying
that, you know, they haven't actually copied anything. Because they're kind of just like
circumventing their cheat software or something like that. So that means that makes sense that
they wouldn't get them on that. But I still think in the end, they're probably, you know,
bungees got a lot more money when it comes to lawyers, I would think so they probably gonna
end up getting them on the other stuff. We'll just see what happens on appeal because that's
how these things always go. Right. Exactly. Yeah. All right, stay tuned. Something else you might
want to stay tuned for if you're a roblox player is a performance from Lizzo, who's pretty amazing
and has a new album coming out. Lizzo is going to be doing a concert in the metaverse on April 30.
I mean, here's the end. This is no disrespect to Lizzo. She's she's great. But this whole thing
is being hyped up. It's like, oh, it's a concert in the meta. Hasn't Fortnite been doing concerts?
I mean, I know Fortnite isn't technically the metaverse. But isn't it kind of like that? I
don't get it. They've already done concerts before in Roblox too, I want to say. Yeah, it's weird.
Anyway, Logitech is doing Oh, maybe this is it. Logitech says it's the first music award show in
the metaverse. It's the song breaker awards and Lizzo will be doing her first virtual performance
in this music award show calling it the metaverse. Jesus Christ, it's just a game call it VR chat.
That's what it is. It's like just like it's just like, oh, let's use the buzzword buzzword the
blockchain metaverse pass. Give us money now. Money, money. I'm gonna tell you this much,
you know, you can throw up the word metaverse all you want for Roblox. But like their stock
prices aren't doing as good as they used to like that stuff that launched at like 80 bucks a share
and it's down to like 50 I think so. Yeah, it ain't sell anybody on the metaverse stuff.
Questbuster says Hatsune Miku concerts have been a thing in PlayStation Home Japan.
That's pretty cool. No, it's Zen monkey. It's not in VR chat. It's in Roblox. I was just calling it
VR chat because that's what the metaverse is. The metaverse is just VR chat under a different name.
That's all it is. I don't just it's a really bad word that they're gonna beat it to death. Like
it's just like I'm so sick of hearing about metaverse. Like it's just it's so dumb. Yeah.
All right. Well, that's it for the stories that we had on deck for tonight. So we invite you to
give us a call if you'd like over in our green room over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
We also have our mailbag, which I will get to here in a moment. While I open up the mailbag,
Loki, is there any other headlines we missed tonight that you want to talk about?
Not really.
We have one email. So we have something for tonight. We have an email. YYR has been
emailing us a lot, but I surely don't mind. I always enjoy hearing from YYR. So we have
this email tonight from YYR saying hello, LR. Just a note on something you mentioned in last week's
episode. Sonic Origins will be releasing this month. However, if all you want are the original
games at a reasonable price without the scummy DLC, you should know that the original Xbox 360
versions of Sonic one, two, three and Knuckles, as well as Sonic CD are still currently available for
$5 each via backwards compatibility on Xbox one and series consoles. And if you buy Sonic and
Knuckles, you can use the lock on feature with any of Sonic one through three if you also purchase
those. However, if this sounds like a good alternative to you, you probably shouldn't
wait too long to jump on it. This may have been mentioned during the show already. No,
I was saving it for this actually. I read ahead tonight. But all of those titles are about to be
delisted on May 20th. Just saying. It just really irritates me that they want to charge so much for
these games now, especially considering that they're also adding the sorts of things we get,
we used to get for free in these collections as paid DLC. Just stop. Anyway, thanks again for the
show and enjoy your week. Happy to save a buck here and there. Aaron or yyr and I'm going to add
a PS that he didn't write but I'm putting it there. PS by falling plus on Xbox now. It's
available. Oh, I got the number one score and falling was I haven't checked to see if it's
still there. I should I if anyone dethrone me it was this issue 100 Matt, but I got the number one
score and falling plus at some point. Oh, do you take it back? All right, Matt took it back. I just
haven't logged in to look at it. So I guess I got to play again. But yeah, so check out falling
plus on Xbox if you want to get in our pissing match over a high score in that game. But that's
been fun. Bobby Black Wolf and chat says I had it. You did. You had it for a moment.
As soon as Matt says buy the game and dethrone me please. Yes, dethrone us both. Um, so anyway,
back to the point in Aaron's email about the games being delisted. Yeah. Um, they never did put them
out like I would have thought for sure there was a compilation on CD. But I guess, or DVD or
whatever of those Sonic games. I guess there wasn't. But um, what is that called? I'm looking
up right now. Was it the Sonic mega collection? Well, there's that that's available on GameCube,
and that has everything. But what was the mega Genesis?
Yeah, it was something like something Genesis collection. I don't remember what it's called.
Sorry for the silence. But I'm trying to remember what this is called.
Like ultimate Genesis or Sonic. It's just called the Sega Genesis collection. Okay,
that's that's what I'm looking for. Or Sega Genesis classics. So let me look Sega
Genesis classics ps4 game list. So if you pick up this Sega Genesis classics,
on ps4, it has Sonic and Sonic two, it just doesn't have Sonic three.
But it has 3d blast and spinball in it as well. So and I think that I remember it coming up that
maybe the music with Sonic three has been an issue in the past. But yeah. So anyway, also pointing
out the Sonic ultimate Genesis collection didn't have the lock on feature. Oh, is that the one on
ps3? Sorry, I'm looking up things live as we're going. Okay, yeah, the Sonic ultimate Genesis
collection was the one that was on ps3 and Xbox 360. And that has one, two and three.
And it has Sonic and Knuckles. So I bet you could find that game used pretty cheap right now until
people realize it's true value that it has all those Sonic games in it. I think I have this on
PlayStation three hanging out around somewhere. It's a bummer. I can't fucking play PlayStation
three games on my ps4 or PlayStation five. So you can play some of them, but you have to buy
them again. Well, and this one won't be one that you can buy again, I guarantee it why would Sega
put that out when they've got this other Sonic thing they want people to buy now. So I would
the Xbox 360 version of this is really the must have thing I would say. Oh, de drama as says you
got a PS five No, not yet. I'm speaking out of turn a little bit. It's just that with Final
Fantasy 16 likely releasing in the next year. It's gonna happen. It's just a matter of you know,
when I finally tell call call Shane and say, Shane, I need you to work your target inventory
magic and make me get a PS five. So Oh, Bobby Blackwell says it's not backwards compatible on
Xbox one. Oh, sneaky sneaky. So you really just have to have a 360 to play this. Interesting.
Greedy, greedy, greedy.
Aren't I guess I'll just the wide graphic thing really worth that much. And and why no Sonic four
as if I had to ask. It wasn't good. But why no Sonic for my then why not just throw it in.
Anyway. All right. Uh, that is gonna do it for another episode of orange launch radio. Thank you
so much for tuning into our show and supporting the show. Whether you were here live over at
twitch.tv slash a vog network on Sunday night, or you were listening on our podcast three feed
throughout the week. Thank you so much for supporting our show. As Jonah Matt says the
Sonic four is a DLC that's going to be another $30. Yeah. And did your MS says retail stores
can get them in stock for 24 hours now. Yeah, I think we've heard rumblings that the chip shortage
is on its way out. And just most people who wanted a PS five that badly have finally gotten one by
now. So it's, you know, just don't support the resellers. That's the most important thing.
Anyway, where was I? Yes, if you enjoyed the show, help us spread the word. We are the show where
every gamer has a voice but we need more voices here to put out on air. A nice five star review
on a site site like iTunes or Spotify or Google, whatever, wherever you found this podcast,
give it a rating and a nice review. Believe me, it goes a long way. I don't think anyone's written
an iTunes review for the show in like three years. So if you haven't written written one yet,
we'd really appreciate it. Thank you. That's that's all I can think of. Join our discussions
throughout the week at vognetwork.com slash discord. I guess that's it. That's all I've got
to say. Let's go around and get final thoughts. Loki, what's your final thought for this week?
I gotta go play more Minecraft. I'll try to play something else to 200,000 blocks you amateur go
for 300,000 next time. I know I need to prove your love of Minecraft because I'm doubting you
right now. You're right. I gotta prove everybody. My final thought I'll just give a cheap plug to
my personal Twitch channel over at Rob Roberts because we've had some fun Final Fantasy 14
streams. I've almost hit two of the three criteria to be a partner. If I stream tomorrow,
which I probably will unless I have an IRL thing come up, I will have the 25 hours and I will have
the whatever it is however many streams you need in a month 12 or something like that. I will have
both of those. I just won't have the 75 average viewers. So I'm a little ways away from that. But
hey, every every view counts. Thank you over at twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts, my personal channel.
And of course twitch.tv slash vog network is where you can find us live on Sunday nights.
And I see that we just got a hype train here at the end of the show. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. I'll give you all your credits here after the credits. But let's get to those credits. We'll
see you in seven days. Hopefully the gang's all back together next week because it will literally
have been a month. But we're excited to have Dark Soccer Loki and myself all together again in a
week. Have a great night everybody. We'll see you next time. Good night. You've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio,
nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
