I know I heard about the 24-karat gold-plated Wii made for the Queen of England, but today
I learned that she wasn't allowed to receive it. It's a highly coveted console due literally
to its precious metal, slightly limited playability since Wii's online services have been shut
down, but was otherwise a relic of a successful machine with an ecosystem that is still rich.
Like you would have to be to win the auction for it. Jeez!
This is another sliver of THQ history. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie
Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode
number 913 of our show for tonight, May the 8th of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and joining
me as he always does say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Good. What's new with you?
Not much other than, you know, just Minecraft stuff.
Do we have a new video to look forward to?
Yeah. And having having bad luck with trying to find things to do today because I was trying
to go roller skate or rollerblading again. And like two of the rinks were closed. One
was closed due to some speed skating competition. One just changes their their hours. They're
like, OK, let's go have pizza at this one place. That place was closed because I guess
they were short staffed. They were like, OK, let's go play mini golf. Then it started hailing.
I was like, OK, I'm going home.
Oh, yeah. The weather was very strange today. It was very like, I'm going to be sunny. No,
I'm going to rain. No, I'm good because I was out walking and that was an adventure.
Let me tell you. So I'm also joining us tonight. Say hello to Dark Soccer or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi. I wasn't sure if you were going to be here or not. I thought you were going to sit out,
but that's all right. I'm glad to have you.
I was going to, but I figured I'll try. You know, headaches are weird. The moment that
I took off my headset, like it was instant feeling better. So.
I'll push through it. I'm medicated. I have drugs in my body.
Hooray. Always, always nice to have. Well, it's good to have the gang all together. I'm
glad you're here. But if the migraine headache thing becomes too much, just let us know and
we'll continue on the show. We'll continue. I'll be here for for at least the first story.
I just want to, you know, hang out and be with everybody for a little bit. Just, you know,
I missed last week and I don't want to miss too much of this week. I'd rather, you know,
at least, at least spend some time with everybody before I throw in the towel.
Makes sense. Well, great to see you. Sorry to hear you're not feeling well, but
your makeup is great. I know you, I know you need to, if you're going to take the time to
do your makeup, you got to go. You got to show up. I'll tell you what, my makeup is pretty half
fast. I did it in five minutes. All right. And honestly, I'm actually still
wearing my pajamas. I just put on a bra. Well, do you see what you're missing? Not
being here live because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black will show at the voice of geeks network,
twitch.tv slash vog network. And yeah, you can follow us along as we tape live on Sunday nights
and you can participate in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network. But of course,
if you want, you can also listen to our podcast. We're available at places like iTunes, Spotify,
and wherever a fantastic podcast can be found. And there's a lot of love for you in the chat,
dark Sakura, a DJ Rama S in response to you talking about your dressing habits.
Say this is why we stand Jamie go queen. And I'll be perfectly honest. This is also my work
attire when I'm not in the office. Yeah. I think honestly it's, if I don't have to be on zoom,
I'm probably not even wearing a shirt. I've attended many an online training with my big
fuzzy bathrobe and no one bats an eye because we're all doing it.
As she went under, Matt says, you do you Jamie feel better. Absolutely.
I appreciate that. And that's my intention. I just wanted to be on for a little bit, you know,
say hi to everybody before I do a bow out. So, right.
Well, let's get to our kickoff story tonight. It's a big one. In fact, actually this news happened
like right after OLR last week. It was interesting cause it was kind of the middle of the night when
this news broke. But it actually was prime time in Europe. So it was Monday morning in Europe.
So we heard about this at what, like 11 o'clock at night because that's when the workday was
starting over in Europe. Loki, you don't want to get into this big, big acquisition in the
gaming industry, right? Yeah. So the Embracer group is purchasing Crystal Dynamics,
Eidos Montreal and Square Enix Montreal for 300 million, which is actually pretty
cheap considering some of the acquisitions we've had recently. That includes of course several,
you know, big IPs, of course, Tomb Raider, Deus Ex, Thief, Legacy of Kain and of course
a back catalog of about 50 games. It also takes Avengers with it too, doesn't it?
Sort of. Technically the game is sort of there, but the license is really, and Disney licensed
that to Square Enix. So technically, no, they would have to get permission from Disney to move
that license. They'd have to buy the source code. There's kind of question if it's worth it,
I hate to say, because of the Avengers game not really performing at the level they were hoping.
It's a good game though. Yeah. You know, especially I hear it's in a pretty decent
place at this point from where it was at launch, but it's just one of those things where for
whatever reason, yeah, it just, it didn't get us. Did they also do Guardians of the Galaxy or was
that a different group? No, that was. It wasn't Crystal Deep. It was Eidos.
Yeah. So yeah, they technically get that game, but again, the IP intellectual property is still
Disney's to dole out. I'm more referring to the code. Yeah. So, well, the code for the game,
I guess technically would go to Embracer, but they can't do anything with it besides the game
that's already out unless they go to Disney and renegotiate that basically. Yeah. I'm sure they've
got stuff worked in their contracts and everything, but yeah, Guardians was a great game. I didn't get
to play it cause it won't run through steam on my Mac, but I've watched the entire thing.
Yeah. Guardians seemed to be much better received than Avengers, at least at launch. Cause I think
what's interesting is that the bar was very high for Avengers. It didn't meet that bar well for
many, I should say. And I have, I have no horse in this race. I am not huge on Marvel. Like a lot of
people, I don't hate it by any means. I just it's, it's there and I appreciate it and I, you know,
golf clap it, but I don't, I don't rabidly follow it or anything. I didn't see that new movie that
came out this weekend. I'm afraid to, but because yeah, I've I've it's see most Marvel movies and
they come out. I hear nothing but great things. This one, very polarizing, very polarizing.
The thing is, is that I've, people have just have compared it to drag me to hell, which I hate drag
me to hell with an unholy passion. I love Sam Raimi movies. I hated that one. That was like
one of the last movies I've walked out of just absolutely like, why the fuck did I waste my time?
I'm trying not to make these two movies fight, but I can't help it. I already saw the best
multiverse movie of the year. Cause I saw everything everywhere all at once.
So I want to see that. Well, and my, my other thing is that I'm tired of the trope of
woman in grief with lots of power goes crazy. So just a boring trope.
Um, but anyway, where were we? Oh yes. The bar for Avengers high for many people not met the
bar for guardians low, because when those trailers and things are coming out, people were like,
Oh, I don't know about this one, but exceeded expectations is very kind of interesting thing.
I think I would say that the bar for guardians was set pretty low. People did not have high
expectations for that game. Um, and I don't know if that's like the Chris Pratt drama
carrying over to the game, even though he has nothing to do with the game. Um, but yeah,
it's well, that and star Lord is by in the comics, which is awesome. Yeah. So anyway,
so my point is, yeah, the guardians thing is also worth money. I would think Tomb Raider alone
should have been worth a pretty penny. So embrace her absolutely got to steal. And if you don't
know who embrace her is, they're basically THQ Nordic. It's a little more nuanced than that,
but I'm just going to tell you the short version is their THQ Nordic.
And they've been buying a lot of stuff. I heard a great comparison on Bobby shows.
Of course we tape live after Bobby black Wolf does here at VOG network. He called it the 10 cent of
Europe. And I think that's a very apt comparison, especially in the last couple of years,
THQ Nordics been, you may not realize this cause you might think like THQ or that, well,
okay. Cause this company, they grabbed the THQ name. They they're grabbing this,
they grabbed a gearbox. They got, they've been grabbing a lot of companies when you haven't
been looking. And some of the IPS they have, I mean, they have the goat simulator,
they have time splitters, borderlands, Dark Siders is going to be there. Yeah.
So this is a pretty big holding now. And now, so this, this is the house that is now going to
Tomb Raider and all these other things, which is wild. I cannot believe Square Enix
sold it for as little as they did. Why did Square Enix hate Tomb Raider so much?
Like I, and, and, and the reason why I say that is it all goes back to, we all know that quote
that, you know, the president of Square Enix said that Tomb Raider had,
did not meet expectations, even though it sold like 6 million copies. And I'm sorry,
but the Tomb Raider reboot trilogy was fucking great. Like it was,
those were some good fucking games. And like, Lara Croft and the no good, very bad day.
Yes. Or I like Alan's name for it. Girl. You remember I made that picture a while back.
Yeah, no, that's, that's what my husband Alan calls it. He calls those games.
Girl. That's cause that's what it is. She, she hits a tree branch. Girl. She dodges lightning
bolts. Girl. That's what it is. She falls down a hole into a sewer. Girl. Yeah.
TigerClawn chat says Square Enix has unrealistic expectations.
Fifth Dream in chat says, notice it's all their Western games, but all the J stuff is still at
Square Enix. Yes. That is also interesting. If we want to talk about unrealistic expectations,
they think they're going to make money with NFTs. I mean, there's some unrealistic expectations.
And now there's that quote going around is that we, we had to sell these so that we could invest
in the blockchain, which I hope they lose everything. Gaming companies. I don't want
them to lose everything. I need my final fantasy series. My father has a 14, my father has a 16
Yoshi P. I need to put him in a bubble. He's a precious angel. I in for the gaming industry,
I need those people protected. I don't want Square Enix to fail. Absolutely not. So I, but I,
I need this NFT thing to them to back off this whole thing. Because again, I don't be,
and I was talking about this a little bit on Bobby's show. I'll say it again.
I view NFTs very similar to the Diablo three real money auction house. And I know that there are
going to be nerds out there that want to correct me saying, well, actually with the difference
between NFTs, would that be NFTs are not centralized and Blizzard ultimately owned
everything that was through the Diablo three auction house. Okay. Yes, I get it.
But here's the thing. A lot of people out there don't understand NFTs. And when they think of
NFTs right now, they see those ugly fucking monkeys that are like the bit, what are they,
what is that? The yacht, eight club or whatever those are. They are ugly. They are more to come
on that ugly fucking monkeys riddled with crime. That is what NFTs are right now.
So if you want this to break into the mainstream,
you've got to convince people what are the, you know, benefits to this.
And I understand that a lot of it, or why I understand that a lot of it to me feels like
amiibo. And yes, I understand amiibos are not unique in nature, but you can load unique things
to them and amiibo. And this is why I say Nintendo is going to be the one that pushes NFTs and gets
it right. Because amiibo, the reason why it works is well, A, the figures are nice, B,
they work in multiple games. And that's, you know, these things, you know, if you can buy content
that really truly works in multiple games, I think it's going to be great. But I think Nintendo is the
only company that's got it all in one roof where people are going to eat it up. I don't think
Square Enix, I mean, maybe with the Final Fantasy franchise, but I don't, God, I don't want them to
see him. It just doesn't make sense for the Final Fantasy franchise. So Bobby Blackwell, to be fair,
saying NFTs technically do not have to be unique. They are just intended to be philosophically.
Look, here's the thing. I, on one hand, I kind of get where the NFT technology is going. A
decentralized Diablo 3 auction house where let's say the swords you get can actually work in all
these other games, too. I kind of get that. I just don't see that realistically working in
our industry for a long time. And I think it's way too early to get into it when right now,
when people hear NFT, they think of fucking crime, they think of spammers, they think of crime,
they think of things to delete and send instantly to the trashcan, because that's what it is on the
internet right now. And if you're a crypto bro, I'm sorry, I'm telling it like it is.
That is what most people, maybe your bubble doesn't view it that way. But most people out
there don't get it. And I'm sorry, but those ugly fucking art pieces of art are not going to sell
it to them. So that's that's my weekly NFT rant. So anyway, so I don't understand why Square Enix
thinks that they've got to get in this right now. I really don't. S2100 Matt says to get on the
ground floor. S2100 Matt says many hardcore NFT folk understand that at some point the market
will drop out. And all of these monkey and other stuff will be worth noting. It's all about cashing
in now. Bobby Blackwell says Square Enix's president says you are in the majority opinion,
but you will change your mind soon. And Bobby, I'm willing to admit, I may change my mind.
And this has been shocking. But you know what's going to do it? It's not going to be a fucking
ugly ass random, randomly clothed monkey. It's not going to be that. You know what's going to
do it? Pokemon. That's when we're going to get into NFTs. And I know right now you don't want
to hear me say it. You don't want to hear me even open up that realm of possibility. But that's I'm
I I will bet money. Nintendo is the only one that's going to make it happen. And when they
make it happen, it happens. So that's that's my opinion. Bobby Blackwell says yes, the goal for
NFT people is for them not to be the last person holding the bag when the market crashes. That's
why they really, really want you to get into it so they can sell you their NFTs. Hence the crime,
the spam, and the no fucking thanks that goes along with all of that right now.
So anyhow, the thing is, is that they need to actually get the true pulse of
the people. You can't create, and I'm saying create and quote fingers, you can't create
something, put it out there. And if people don't want it, you can't force it on them. They're not
going to, to take something that's forced on them. I mean, and we know the the loudness of
our of our community, right? We know the forcefulness when people do not want, right?
And we've we've seen what internet campaigns can do. I mean, a lot of people like, oh, that
does jack shit. But in truth, major changes have happened because of it,
because of really upset people on the internet. And that's what they're, they're not remembering,
especially and I mean, a lot of the Japanese companies, the successful ones look outside
of Japan. They look at the world pulse on it. They look at where the trends are worldwide,
because and not not to be like, oh, America, blah, blah, blah, but really a lot of the world
changes. I mean, we are a big country with a lot of people. You know, that you have to do a
comparison between what's going on in Japan and America and Europe and find the commonalities.
And they're not doing that. They're saying, Oh, no, we think that this is going to be the
big thing. And we're going to make this happen. And it's not, it's not going to happen. They're
going to lose money on this one. And they're going to say, why the hell did we sell Tomb Raider?
In five years, 2027, Nintendo is going to launch Nintendo fun tickets. And with Nintendo fun
tickets, you can make a design, and you can sell it and it can be an Animal Crossing shirt. And
it's also going to be a design that's on your Pokeballs in your inventory. And it's also going
to be something that you can use in the background in Mario maker. And it's also something that sits
in your Smash Brothers trophy collection. And when Nintendo fun tickets happen,
that's when it'll finally happen. But don't I Nintendo is going to do it.
They'll be last to the party for sure. But I'm just
But Nintendo has always been very conservative.
Nice. Very true. Yes, yes. But that's why I said when they finally get to the party,
that's when it's, you know, happening. So but and I don't think Nintendo is going to
go to the party, I think Nintendo, as is their way, they're going to have a completely different
party, and it's going to have the success and everyone's going to go, why the hell did we not
do that? It's like, because Nintendo looks outside the box, and they do have their, you know, I like
to say that Nintendo has that ability to look around the corner. You know what I mean? To take
a true peek around the corners, where people are just looking in the straight line, they're
looking at the wall, they're looking at the path around the wall, you know, straight ahead of them.
But Nintendo is looking around to see, well, what's going to come in? I mean, we've always
thought them to be very conservative in their approach to technology. You know, they've all
like, while their systems haven't been the most powerful in comparison, they've had the most
fun, in my opinion, just in general, their games focus on fun, their peripherals focus on fun,
they focus on things that are enjoyable. And if they're not going to go the route of the NFT,
for for those same reasons that you know, it's it may not be the fun that consumers are looking for.
It's just money in the pocket. And we've even seen, they've been willing to take a hit financially,
to put out something that's going to be more fun. And in the end, it usually pays off for them. I'm
not counting the Wii U, you know, Reggie, and this is another reason why I'm saying even though yes,
I know Nintendo is conservative everything. This is one of the reasons I am well, there's two
reasons why I'm saying Nintendo with this because number one, I strongly believe Nintendo is the
only gaming company I can think of save for maybe Sony and Microsoft first party stuff. But I think
Nintendo is stronger than both of those even. Nintendo is the only company with a first party
ecosystem strong enough to support the vision we're being promised of NFTs. I don't think any
other company out there has the ecosystem of insular titles to support that system is not
Square Enix, not after just selling off three of their, you know, big properties, but I digress.
The other reason why I bring it up, Reggie's out there right now doing a big book promotional tour,
and he's doing a lot of interviews to support the book. I understand Reggie has not represented
Nintendo for several years now. However, he's been out there saying, Yeah, I think blockchain,
I think blockchain is the future of the industry. I think I think, you know, we're not there yet.
But I think that's something we're getting towards. Here's the thing. I really I know.
Yes, Reggie has nothing to do with Nintendo anymore. He's not speak for them. I get it.
But was he speaking about it a couple years ago? Was this something that intended because you know,
these these companies they're looking they're looking far forward. Was it something that
maybe they would, you know, he still has friends, he still has people he's talking to.
I'm not I just think Nintendo, they know about it, whether they're going to embrace it or not,
they certainly know about it. I think that they're going to have their own variant of the thing.
Yeah. Like I said, tickets now. Maybe not like that. But like, and I'll tell you,
I actually ordered a game on play Asia today and they take crypto.
Hmm.
Um, I think that the concept is going to evolve into something more stable.
Not this decentralized thing. But
it's it, I think it's going to be some sort of hybrid, something that can be tracked,
something that can be regulated, but still allow a level of anonymity and personal control.
You know, something like, you know, like in the movies, like in the future, oh,
we pay X credits for something right. You know, where it's not physical money anymore.
I think we're going to be down the line going to something like that, if that makes sense.
And I think that we'll have a lot more digital property down the line,
but I don't think it's going to be exactly the way that the NFT thing is going to be.
And I actually agree with fifth dream in here, decentralization, which is touted as
it's great feature is the whole reason people get getting ripped off.
Yes. I just looked at that comment too. I was like, yep, that's it.
If you never do it, I'll tell you why they won't ever do it. Because Nintendo can't stand when
their property decreases in value. And NFTs are going to decrease in value, they will never touch
it. No, they they I don't think that's the case because they know that their amiibo are going to
eventually decrease except for those ones that are like misprints or limited prints. Those might be a
different case. And I agree with Jamie in the sense that I don't think Nintendo would allow it
to be completely decentralized. I think it'll be the illusion of decentralized.
Yeah, I think there's going to be and well, and I also want to point out if you look at history,
right? You know, I'm going to go actually back to something I've brought up before
the whole labor reform in the US. Remember, those industries were basically privatized,
decentralized. owners had control over how the companies work and what happened to their
employees, what happened to their investors, you know, eventually, they had to be regulated
for the safety and well being of, of the people in general of society in general. And that's
actually I think, before too long, we're gonna start seeing legislation to start regulating
crypto. Oh, it's it's already happening. Absolutely. I know it's already happening.
But but history has been a teacher about what happens when there is no central regulation on
an industry. All right. I don't know how we got from the Square Enix stuff to NFT in depth
discussion, but it's a good one. So I mean, basically, the whole reason of the the sale
was for their NFT market. And I think it's an apt transition is and I think this is something
we have to look at because we're hearing it from all angles. This is where the executives want
this industry to go. And this is one of the things I we have to look at it whether we like it or not
and try to weigh like, what parts of it will work and what parts of it won't work. And I think now
for there's a lot that won't work. What do you want to say that they're just trend hopping?
They're trend hopping. They're trend hopping. They don't know anything. A lot of these companies
have jumped on. They're like, oh, blockchain, blockchain, blockchain. It's like, okay,
well, how are you gonna use it? Blockchain, I mean, like, they don't even know what it is.
Like, for example, the company I work for is like, super, they're like,
blockchain is the future. Like, how are you gonna use it?
Yeah, I don't know. I'm like, Bobby, shut up. Remember when VR was the future or 3d TV?
I do remember when VR was the future in 1996, when the lawnmower man came out, that was VR.
Isn't it interesting that it probably took a good what probably 15 years, probably more 15,
17 years after that hole. But when VR is the future, it took 15 to 17 years for where now we
have HTC Vive, Oculus, PlayStation VR, and VR is finally catching on a lot more. And in many ways,
it's still pretty fresh points to it's still pretty high in many ways.
When the price point comes down to where it's affordable, then it'll catch on more right now
the price to get into it is too high. But it's coming down.
I think at the point that it though becomes mass affordable, no one's gonna care. It won't be
the cool elite thing anymore.
But it'll be a different type of way of interacting with things. And it all it also
depends on like, how to utilize it. Once again, you have Facebook, I'm not calling a meta,
you have Facebook trying to like, come up with this like metaverse thing. It's like,
okay, well, what's that gonna be for? I don't know. I just want to do it. So we changed our
company into meta. It's like, it's stupid. It's like, you don't know why you're doing it.
They're doing it to get away from monetization. They're also doing it for their reputation
with all those studies that went on about how they're harming LGBTQIA youth, which is one of
the big reasons why I quit using Facebook. It's, they're trying to rebrand themselves.
That's part of it. But you know, there's a lot of good discussion here in in chat. I mean,
Rama brings up a good one. If you follow economic history, he said, I remember when trading foreign
currencies was the big thing. I remember, you know, studying back in the 50s, when people
wanted to invest in gold bullion, you know, when everyone's like, Oh, invest in gold. It's the
thing. You know, it what we're dealing with is a very, I'm going to say mature topic that the
younger gamer community isn't necessarily going to be too understanding of. But those of us who
have studied history, those of us who are old enough to understand economics, at least to
a decent extent, just because we've seen it and been exposed to it, we can compare where our
gaming industry is crossing over with economy and compare those histories together, we can see those
trends. The thing is, is that I call this executive insanity. That the moment that you
go to the executive level, you're so focused on company goal that you stopped seeing the big
picture. That's the only company in this industry bolded under you just you just said the biggest
problem in the gaming industry. The thing is, is that the companies that are going to be successful,
I'm going to even expand this into into tech, in general. I work in the tech industry. So
I'm going to leave it at that. But the best companies in general, just in general companies
and in general, are the ones who can see around the corners. They're the ones who can see the big
picture instead of looking in a straight line. They're going to pull in their analysts from
outside sources. They're going to pull in people from diverse backgrounds.
And they're going to have the people who say, well, this worked in this industry,
this worked in this. I see the parallels here. Why don't we incorporate something new and different
and look at this a different way instead of just doing what everybody the fuck else is doing?
And that's that's exactly why I think Microsoft, especially in the past five years, specifically
the Xbox division is in a place and they're in a great place. And they are a much different
company than the one we started talking about 20 years ago when the show started.
I think micro because the guy at the top of Microsoft is a gamer who gets it.
Also hire me. All right. I'm a really good consultant. I pay attention to shit. I may
not have the background in it, but I pay attention to shit and you need me.
All right. Well, Dark Soccer, before you go prepare your resume, why don't we get into the
next segment about how was your gaming week and what are the types of games that you have been
playing this week? So Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week? I played some Dead by Daylight.
I played badly because I just, I honestly was just like bullshitting around,
you know, trying different builds. I have a very nasty doctor build right now,
which is called Fuck Your Gens. Oh, it includes, what did they change mindbreaker to? Fearmonger?
Oh, no. Fearmonger. Yeah. Yeah. It's the scourge hook one that causes your gens to pop.
Pain Resonance. Yeah. Yeah. Pain, not Pain Resonance. Is it?
Yeah. Pain Resonance. It was, it was the Onryo one. Yeah. So, and then it was Merciless Storm,
which when your gen is close to being done, you get continuous skill checks.
And, um, yeah, it's what, whatever, what was Jolt before Surge? Yeah, something like that.
They just changed it from one caffeinated soda to the other.
And then I play doctor. I saw it on doctor. I saw a nasty build that combined that Onryo perk,
the, um, the 90% Merciless Storm, it combined that with, um, the Huntress's skill check one.
That was, that was disgusting. Yeah. I don't have that unlocked on doctor yet,
cause I'm still working on getting everybody prestige. Um, I'm close to having Legion on their
next prestige level and the changes for Legion. Oh, they're godly. I mean, I played like a potato,
but I still had fun because like mixing the, their mix tapes. Yeah. The chase music is so good now.
Like, I love it. Also, did you hear that they're, um, they're taking ghost,
they're changing ghost faces music because everyone hates it.
And there's the, the leak, the D the DBD leak right now.
Apparently the next killer and survivor have leaked because they accidentally put it on the
public test realm. And so somebody got it. And on top of that, there also is information out
that they're doing an expanded secondary resident evil chapter. And so who's the new,
that is going to bring in, uh, Ada long, Rebecca, um, Ada long and Rebecca chambers as a survivor
and Wesker as a killer. I knew it had to be Wesker. That's Oh, I didn't hear that. That's
supposed to be chapter 25. That sounds like fanfic, but at the same time, God, do I want
that? I would love to play from DBD leaks and from the same person that leaked the dredge stuff.
Wow. And then chapter 26 is supposed to be an unknown survivor and a killer called the night.
That's in can, you know, like really should have, it should have been night, man.
Well, the dredge is the, the, the one that leaked for this upcoming chapter is, uh, is, uh,
N I G H T powered thing. Like his whole thing is putting the survivors in total darkness and
basically, uh, transporting around the map and lockers so that a survivor can open the locker
and the killers inside it. And that does sound pretty awesome actually. And on that PT, we miss,
we miss the joke. I was saying that you should have night night, man, and then Charlie. Yeah.
Okay. All right. Sorry. I'm slow to the party. They also on the PTB, there are new, uh,
RuPaul's drag station. I'm sorry. RuPaul's police station, Raccoon city. Um, that will have map
variants the way Badham does. Interesting. Changing the layout of like, and I'm looking
at the picture. It's all like covered in the goo and littered and there's like new assets listed
on it just means I should have downloaded. I usually keep updating the PTB so I can get the
assets from it. That's actually how I have ripped everything from Hawkins while it was still in the
game. Um, but there's also, um, just all kinds of stuff in there. Um, and DBD leaks has been
very reliable. There's been a few times they've been off base, but they've been reliable about
it. You know what I mean? Um, can I say S2100 Matt in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says,
so no Baba Duke. Um, no, but pride month is next month. And so, you know, we, we already got the
whole like, Hey, guess what? David's gay. And here's the progress pride flag. Uh, introducing
the Baba Duke as a killer would be a great pride month announcement, but I just, I don't think it's
happening. Sorry to say. And I actually watched a really good interview where they said at behavior
that they work on something like another six to 10 chapters in advance where they buy the IPs and
start their work on it and incorporate feedback from the community. And so, I mean, and you see
how well they work with some of the bigger streamers with the community. And I didn't mean
to turn my, my gaming week into dead by daylight news, but this is pretty big stuff. Yeah. No,
if you're into dead by daylight. And I just want to say, I mean, like, even though the Baba Duke
might be gay rights, like nothing would scream gay rights in dead by daylight, like adding
Toni Collette from Hereditary as a character. So I'm just I'm just saying that because Toni
Collette is gay rights. Just saying. The thing is, is that like, how would would
it would killer be her son? She she'd be both a survivor and a killer.
Well, there's also another thing going out. This is a rumor mind. Okay. But you know how
when Legion was supposed to come out, they were supposed to be like, their original intent was
to be a survivor disguise. Where you didn't know that they were the killer. And of course, that
didn't work. Which is VHS's whole thing. Yeah, yeah. But the but the other thing, though, is
that there's rumor about having like a shape shifting killer that can disguise as one of the
survivors in game. Interesting. I think it would be an interesting mechanic. But it's still like
vague rumor at this point. All right. So other games I've played. Yes, yes.
I beat Seiken Densetsu 3. Oh, congrats. I was watching your stream the other night. You were
you were stuck on this part for a bit. You were getting really frustrated.
Yeah, it was. It was the mana, the mana sanctuary. It's got some they changed the path the pathing
to get back to the mana tree for when the mana tree is dead. Sorry, spoiler for a 25 year old
game. But um, but I got to it. I beat the game. I did screen caps at the ending. It was it was
perfect. But I do have the poll up because I said I'm always going to do it in a poll even though
I'm positive that Terra Enigma is going to win. It's in the lead right now. But there's like two
more days left on the voting. And I'll put up I'll put it in in our chat.
I was gonna say I have not seen your tweet but I was I was hosting a show last night. So
I missed a lot of Twitter stuff. But I'm there's two days left on it.
I'm going to vote in your poll right now for Terra Enigma.
Yeah, so um, here, I'll go ahead and just paste it in chat. But at any rate, um, the then that
means the game after that I'm going to do is is BS Zelda, the stone tablet legend.
That's a deep dive.
So I have the thing for I've also played because I've been trying to get Saturn games that I own
to run on my Mac. And so I played the dome patch for Sega Saturn. And I played some radiant
Silver Gun. And I played X-Men Children of the Atom. Nice. So I've been getting my Saturn on.
I keep forgetting how hard the dome patch is because I mean, it is a cave game,
but I keep forgetting just because I like the dome patch when it starts off, you know.
That's it. I'm still looking for a Hikaru emulator that will play Planet Harrier.
Let's go to Loki and your gaming week.
Uh, it's all been Minecraft, as usual.
No magic pen gel like your background.
No, no. Sadly, I don't have a PlayStation 2 emulator on my,
my PC. Although I mean, I'm sure that'll run like crazy. I did get my Xbox Series X back.
So I'm hopefully gonna hook that up and build play something with it.
Um, what is it? I played more of my hardcore series this week, so I made good progress in
that. Once again, recording too much footage for one episode. I had a struggle to get it down to
just the 35 minutes that it was with that, which isn't disappointing because I had a really good
ending that I wanted to put in there. But I had like another four hours of footage to cram in
there. So it's gonna have to be two episodes. Um, but yeah, I, I ended up going to, well,
it'll be in the next episode. I went to the Nether and then immediately left the Nether because it
was a horrible place. And I don't want to go there because I'm playing with, you know, um, the 119,
um, skulk stuff everywhere. So in it, um, you set off these things that cause like darkness.
It's almost like blindness in the game. And so like, as soon as I stepped through the portal,
like it was still loading in the world and stuff, there's a gas shooting me.
The darkness effect went off twice, which means as soon as I like moved one more time,
the warden would spawn. And then I still had a gas. It shot the portal, broke the portal.
And so I had to relight the portal real quickly and get back through. I was on fire at the same
time. And then I got out and my mind, this isn't a hardcore world. So like I was two and a half
hearts away from dying. Um, I don't know how I managed to survive, but I did. And I have it all
on, all on, uh, film basically. So that'll be the, the end possibly to the next episode or,
you know, somewhere in the middle. I haven't decided yet. I have to see how much footage I
have. If I have enough for a full another episode again, but, um, yeah, it was intense. And also
because I updated my world from the first experimental snapshot that they put out
to the new one, the new one, I mean, obviously they're beta snapshots. They're not done yet.
Um, the warden doesn't work quite right because he is spawning in daylight and he's not supposed
to do that. And so it made it incredibly dangerous now because before it used to be, okay, well,
just don't get caught out in the dark and you can kind of go wherever you want and do stuff.
Just be careful of the caves and that type of thing. Now it's like, you're dead everywhere you
go. You're just in constant danger. So, um, that was a bit fun to demonstrate, but it made good
progress in it and having a lot of fun with it. It's just, I had to be careful because I play it
a lot cause it's fun. But then I ended up with like so much footage. Like the last time I played
it, for example, was the first three episodes that I put out because there was some more work
cause I, cause I had so much footage to go through and it's fine. This is what brings in the views.
I got my, my channels up to 370 subscribers now and you know, there's tons of people that come
in for that series. So I'm obviously going to keep putting it out, but right now, you know,
I've been working on stuff for nerd craft for the next episode. So, um, you know,
kind of balanced between those. All right. Uh, my gaming week, honestly, so I was,
I had a show last night, so I haven't been gaming a lot this weekend. Um,
but as mostly final fantasy 14, um, I wanted to do some streaming this week. I didn't get around
to it because honestly, like I was kind of sick this week. Like I just, yeah, I won't get into
not like, um, cough sick, but like stomach sick. Um, so, uh, yeah, it just really put me in a
bad mood and I didn't really want to stream, uh, at all this week, but it pretty much just
play more fancy 14. Like I got my Sage to level 90, so I've maxed another job at 90.
Uh, and I'm working on dancer now trying to get that up. So just pretty much my,
uh, MMO crack is pretty much all I still play. And then of course,
lots of AR games, uh, as long as you're not a dancer in the dark. No, I'm not, uh, Pokemon go
and ingress and Pikmin. And today I forgot they were doing like a event day in Pikmin today. It's
all about carne. It's not technically community day, but it's like, because it's mother's day.
So, you know, happy mother's day to all the moms and motherly figures out there.
Um, so, uh, it's carnations, uh, where are the big thing in the game right now? So yeah, so I'll
get around to some other games this week. I actually want to try guardians, the galaxy for
sure. At some point I still have tunic that like came out almost a month ago that I keep meaning
to get into. Cause everybody tells me it's like old school, Zelda, which like one of my favorites.
And I got to get into that. Yeah. So I just, you know, too many games, never enough time
or when there is time, it's always just MMO crack or I guess I did play a little bit of dead by day
life. Only a little bit only. I had some really crappy games and I was like, forget it, forget it.
All right. Hey, before I forget what I've got a community thing going on right now, where if,
uh, and I'll keep it up until I get the points for it, but I will play a swift.
I thought, did I donate points for that? I hope I did. I think I did.
It's it's fine, but I might do it a little bit earlier. We'll see. But at this point I am going
to go ahead and say goodnight. I'll be in the chat, but my headset's hurting my head. So.
All right. Feel better. Thank you. I, and I'm, I'm also not going to stream tonight. So
of course, so everyone, as I tell people when I end my own streams, be kind to yourself,
be kind to others and go forth and conquer. Sounds good. We'll try our best. All right.
Have a good night. All right. Well, we will get into the news at this point. So let's get into
our top headline for tonight. Uh, Loki. Yeah. So let's talk more about how Activision sucks
and is being sued by more people. So there's been a complaint filed in Delaware, um, asking to see
the, uh, financials of Activision Blizzard and also New York city is now suing Activision
Blizzard as well. Um, apparently this is because of the, they're saying, uh, was it the fair?
It kind of goes along with, I think with the fair employment and housing, um, suit that they had,
but, um, this is so long, basically, uh, I think just trying to, with the announced merger,
they said, uh, their Kotick will be able to escape liability and accountability entirely
and will instead continue to serve in his executive. Um, when the, after the merger
closes, um, worse, despite his potential liability for breaches, for fine, uh,
financial, uh, duty, the company's board will allow or allowed Kotick himself to negotiate
the transaction with Microsoft. The board's decision to entrust Kotick with the negotiation
process is inexcusable. And for the additional reason that Kotick stands to personally receive
substantial material benefits, whose value is not directly aligned with the mergers price.
Basically they're finally in the suit because they're, he is going to make out like a bandit
in this whole merger thing. If it goes through and people are not happy with that concern,
he is kind of good job, New York city, because fuck Bobby Kotick. He should not get a goddamn
thing from what he's done to that company. He's already taken too much. He should pay him back
to be quite honest. We know that's never going to happen. So good job, New York city. Get her Jade.
That's what I say. I it's yeah. I, I mean, I, I'm not opposed to Microsoft buying Activision
blizzard because I know it eventually we'll get Bobby Kotick out of the picture and it'll be in
a better place. So this is not an anti-Microsoft cheer. This is 100% an anti Bobby Kotick and no,
he shouldn't get a goddamn thing chair. So, um, also deejiram says, this is why you don't fuck
with NYC. Well, I thought this was a very similar thing too. I think there were some states that
were looking into this and essentially it's because governments invest in companies, um,
because a lot of their, um, financial holdings like pension plans, basically pensions for city
employees in New York city, as well as state employees in place like California, you know,
you name it, these pension plans, investing companies to stay financially sound, to be
able to pay out these pensions later, when these companies do dumb things, like promising a payout
to an executive who doesn't fucking deserve it. Some of these cities and States look at it as
that's money that essentially could be in our pensions, not directly, but it's, it's money
that the company is paying out that they shouldn't have to, and it damages the value of the company.
So that's why essentially they, at least we know we've had some States that have done that
previously. So, um, yeah, bonds 006 says New York state attorney general. She is on her game.
Yes. So props, honestly. Um, so I, I'm glad, I'm glad that Bobby Kotick starting to feel the heat
a little more because that board sure as fuck didn't hold him accountable. And it's really
annoying because that, that board over at Activision blizzard is just as guilty as he is
far as I'm concerned. Get rid of them all, get rid of them all, take them out back and
buy them tea. Cause I wouldn't say anything else on this show.
I am tea and then tell them to leave. All right, let's move on.
All right. Let's talk about, I got it. We got, let's talk about summer games Fest.
So summer game Fest is, uh, I would say games cause there's more than one game,
but it is called summer game Fest. Anyway, summer game Fest live will be kicking off on
June 9th, 2022 at two o'clock Easterns. That's 11 o'clock West coast time, our time.
And, uh, this is going to be a big, uh, you know, this is the big Jeff Keeley show where
there'll be a multitude of different game studios unveiling. Uh, this whole
embrace or thing we were talking about earlier in the show, THQ Nordic, they don't do their own
press event. So this is a great place to see some of that as an example. Um, and many other places
throughout the industry as well. What I think is interesting about this, this is when E3 would
have been, this is exactly when E3 would have been. Well, yeah, they probably originally timed it to
be around when E3 was supposed to be. Yes, because the digital E3 year, which was last year, it was
also timed right around the E3 stuff. So that part I'm, you know, uh, but yeah, uh, it is
interesting how I think after E3 kind of said, not this year and Jeff Keeley is, you can see
he wants it. He's foaming at the, he wants control of that. And honestly, speaking of,
I mean, we're just going across the realm of incompetent people in the industry tonight
and the ESA right up there, I mean, right up there with them. So, you know,
they're going to send us another email this year saying, Hey, we leaked all your information. Hey,
we know there wasn't even E3s here. That's why we're stepping up our game to leak your
information all year that we're not even having E3. So we are a tech organization representing
the entire industry and we don't have security. We're a very fluid company and all those leaks
just flow out of our company and all that data so that everybody can see it. We believe in
transparency, but our Alexa rankings that we judge websites and media corporations on our Alexa
rankings are secure and trustworthy. Anyway. Oh, where were we? Oh yes. Uh, world premiere.
Jeff's favorite phrase in the world. World premiere. World premiere. World premiere.
That's going to be all over Summer Games Fest, uh, trailers, news updates for games as well.
Cause I'm sure you want to know the latest and wait for that same throw delay. Oh, well I'm
when updates I'm saying you want to hear the latest and greatest for like death stranding
and you know what Kojima is next. Ooh, do you think? Cause Jeff Keeley is absolutely in bed
metaphorically with Hideo Kojima. Do you think Kojima's next title, which is rumored to be the
scary game, whether it's silent Hill or not, do you think Summer Game Fest, that should be the
scary game cause he represents the scary game. Yeah. Why not? I like games just saying what they
are like, let's, let's just put it out there. You know what game this is the scary game.
So that would be fun. Also, what I think is interesting with this,
you will be able to watch this in IMAX theaters. So you can stream it in the comfort of your own
home for free, or you can go catch COVID at your local IMAX theater. Hopefully it's not that
dramatic, but why, why would I, why would you go to the theater when you could just watch it? Oh,
I don't know. There, there is something to be said about IMAX and seeing something on a big screen,
you know, that whole presentation. Um, for example, last night we were doing the lost boys
from the eighties on the big screen and now, and I I'd never gotten to see that movie on the big
screen. So getting to see that on the big screen, I was like, Oh, this is kind of fun. So anyway,
uh, various IMAX locations in the U S Canada and the UK, uh, probably nothing near us though,
Loki, unless we want to go to the Metreon in San Francisco, I'm going to just guess.
That's not true. They've had it in the past when they've done like the PlayStation stuff.
They've been at most of the IMAX is because it's just a, um, they just beam it in, you know, just,
it's a satellite feed that they basically just, you know, probably not even a satellite at this
point, just internet feed that they just stream in. Uh, let's see, Bobby, Bobby Blackwell says,
Jeff should take it to the next level and give out awards at summer game Fest. I mean, why not?
Why not? Why not do a more community based award show with some of those things he wants to do?
Why not do that show in the summer and then the industry show in the winter? Like you're joking,
but like, actually there could be a lot of good stuff by splitting that up a little bit.
Anyway. All right. Uh, let's move on to our next story. You want to take this one, Loki?
Yeah. I think this is fun. I've been sent this article a lot this week.
The, uh, the video games hall of fame has announced their new inductees for this year.
And it's very exciting because it's a lot of games that are near and dear to our heart.
For example, we've got, uh, the legend of Zelda Ocarina of time, Sid Meier's civilization.
Literally my all litter, literally my all-time favorite PC game,
literally my all-time favorite PC game.
Very, uh, Ms. Pac-man, which I like how it's represented by a TV plug and play thing.
Uh, that's hilarious. The machine was a little large for the picture.
Yeah. And then of course, dance dance revolution. It's getting it's due finally.
Which, um, of course I think most people out there know the history of this show,
but if you don't, uh, orange L'Andrea started 20 years ago because Loki dark soccer and myself
all met at a local arcade playing dance dance revolution. And for the first two,
three years of our show, if you think dark soccer talks a lot about dead by daylight,
you should see how much we talked about DDR for years, years.
And then finally Konami kind of like stopped release. There's, there's a whole other thing
I could get into about how Konami of Japan were idiots. And they want to take risk of releasing
new DDR games out here. And it's only because of one person at Konami over here that we ever got
it in the U S but anyway, I digress. Uh, we just went so long without content.
It was like, well, I guess we should talk about other video games too, cause there's no new DDR,
but it's really exciting to see DDR getting its due. And you know what it's had the effect that
it sat on the gaming industry. Cause if you think about it, you know, it's much more than that
machine that's bopping cheesy Eurodance tunes, but DDR made its way into school gymnasiums.
Like we have to remember people of a certain age, like you and I Loki,
when it was the winter time and physical education, we used to do square dancing,
right? I don't know about your school, but that was the thing is like during the rainy season,
we do square dancing inside the gym. Cause we couldn't go outside and play cause it was raining
all the time. Was that what they did at your school too? Um, yes, we did square. I think
they did square dancing and then like, um, I think there was other types of dancing that
they did as well. Like, I don't know if they did like salsa ballroom, like maybe salsa or
something. It was other, other types. It wasn't just square dancing, but yes, I remember square
dancing. But, but with the point I'm getting to, and I think y'all know where I'm going with this,
is that now for kids today, there's a lot of schools where winter phys ed is that DDR school
edition where like you do dance, dance revolution as a class. And now that, which is mind blowing
to me, that's, that's where we're at now. So DDR, you know, became a much bigger thing. It became
like a physical ed thing. And, you know, obviously DDR is still in the industry. We know there's
DDR ACE and, you know, in the arcade and you know, those, those are still coming out. I still,
you know, in the, that you a Bamani loyalist to this day, I love you. And you are going to hate
me for saying this. That's still a very niche thing. And it's only niche because Konami doesn't
care about home entertainment anymore. Um, and doesn't care and releasing peripherals and
releasing any of that in the home. So it's, it, you have to go to a round one or a Dave and
busters to find that stuff. And people just don't go there every day, you know? So, um,
still waiting with bitty breath for our, our round one to open up at some point,
a theaters open, um, early June was last I heard. Yeah. Keep them pushed back. I know
technically spring. So anyway, but, but DDR has had a lasting impact beyond just the machine,
you know, you, me and dark soccer all played years and years ago and the multiple mixes as
a result of that, like DDR became physical education activity, like, you know, teaching tool,
uh, in that regard. So, um, I, it absolutely earned its place in the hall of fame for sure,
but it's also wild to think about that game came out originally in 1998,
this show 20 years old started about DDR. Yep. Oh, you know, it's funny.
Uh, just announced tonight on the show prior to us, Bobby black Wolf,
Bobby black Wolf is going to be doing announcing again for summer games done quick, which is
awesome. Congratulations, Bobby. Nice. But it's the first time he's doing it in person because
summer games done quick is good. Or, you know, that's extremely exciting. That's yeah. It's
going to be in person again. So he gets to go out to Minneapolis for an entire week to do it.
Well, because of when it's time to guess what he's not going to be here, June 26,
my birthday and the same night that happens to be pretty much, Oh, technically the birthday
is on June 23rd, but the 26 will be the closest show to that day. So he's going to miss our will,
ours 20th anniversary. Luckily we all love games done quick here and think it's an
outstandingly worthy cause. So I'm not that pressed about it. I get it, but I just think
it's funny. So all right. Anyhow, let's move on something, something not as funny. Well,
it depends on your sense of humor. Maybe it is funny. Yeah. So, uh, the Prince of Persia remake
is having some issues. So it's been delayed quite a bit. Um, they originally estimated to come out,
uh, January, 2021. And I didn't even remember that it was supposed to come out then.
And right now it's changing studios again. So, uh, um, yeah, they put out a, uh,
the Prince of Persia, Twitter put out an update on development of Prince of Persia,
the sands of time remake. And of course they went over, uh, what was going on there.
It says the development of Prince of Persia, sands of time remake will now be led by Ubisoft
Montreal. Uh, the decision is important, um, important step and the team building upon the
work that she's by, uh, Ubisoft, uh, was it Pune? I don't really understand how they pronounce that
and Ubisoft, uh, Mumbai, and now they will take the time. They need to regroup and on the scope
of the game and deliver you the best experience. Um, so yeah, it's going to take more time.
I honestly forgot to be honest. I don't know. I forgot it was coming out too. I just assume
it had come out and nobody noticed or something like that. I mean, that's, that's neat. I guess
that they're still working on it. I mean, all right, cool. What are we going to do?
Uh, yeah, maybe I'll check it out when it actually comes out. If it's serviceable. I mean,
it sounds like the game has a lot of issues, but maybe, you know, at least they're taking the time
to fix them and they're not releasing a product that's broken. So there is that, um, as 200
Matt and Chad says, I forgot this was being worked on. I wouldn't be shocked if it's canned
at some point. Well, they're sticking to it for some reason. They're sticking to it. Like they're
sticking to, uh, that beyond good and evil sequel, right? Oh God. Speaking about things I forgot
about. That's right. That was supposed to be a thing, wasn't it? All right. Yeah. That was
announced way before Prince of Persia. So, you know, yeah. All right. You know, you know, no,
but you know what sequel we're going to get a lot sooner than that. Um, more of them not denouncing
all of this sexual harassment and, uh, bigotry that's going on in their company. We're getting
plenty of sequels for that where they just don't denounce that. So look forward to that very soon.
Maybe a trailer, a world exclusive trailer at summer games fast. Ouch, because it's true.
All right. Moving on to the next topic. I don't know why we're talking about roadblocks,
but we are because it's the biggest game in the world. We have one. I just don't really follow,
but yes, you're right. I know, I know. And it's, you know, they're making their own stuff in there.
Yeah, exactly. Well, now another company that is teaming up with Roblox is Spotify. So yes,
there is a new space in Roblox called Spotify island, where you can create music, chill in a
virtual venue and get exclusive virtual merchandise. And it's out now. Uh, it looks very green, just
like the Spotify logo. Uh, there's icons that are consistent with the apps and so forth. You can
also collect like icons for free merch. Uh, also, uh, artists will have the chance to connect with
fans as a way to earn money. A portion of the sales will go to artists, other than not saying
how much that is and what acts are really being collaborated with, but there's supposedly that's
in process. You know, we're available on Spotify as a podcast. Where's our island. Are we on
Spotify island? That's what I need to know. Can you listen to OLR on Spotify island?
I don't know. Or can you only listen to Joe Rogan because
that's the kids need to connect with Joe Rogan experience. Yeah. So
anyway, sorry, I had a hairball. Um, apparently the virtual world is full of Easter eggs. You
can find along the way. Uh, also you can do music and sounds with a beat maker station.
It's powered by soundtrack. Spotify bought them in 2017. So if you want to see what they used it
for, there you go. The first themed experience will be debuting in a few weeks. It's called
K park and it's all about K-pop. So you can interact with stray kids and soon me, uh, and
that won't be the last. So I can't wait for all the K-pop stands to just fly. That's the name
of abandoned, not just actual stray kids. So you wouldn't necessarily want to enter.
Well, all right. Let's see. Uh, bonds 006 says upon hearing this news, looks at Sony and home
and Sony music and the other labels they have. Yeah. Right. Like Sony could have had this.
They're late to the party. I mean, honestly, like this is basically like this and what they're
doing like in Fortnite kind of is more metaverse than the metaverse stuff. I mean, honestly,
I mean, this is what they kind of wanted is this whole thing where they can have spaces that
you can create and interact with different things and monetize the crap out of it. And so
here we are. I mean, Sony was doing that with home. I mean, they probably would if they,
you know, they could have had a Spotify place that you could have gone and visited in home.
If they had thought to involve K-pop, because I'll tell you what, K-pop stands
are the scariest stands on the internet and they're, they're going to flock to it.
As 200 Matt says, K-pop stands will break the network. A hundred percent. A hundred percent.
Let's move on to our next story. Uh, yes. So apparently NFT is still bad. Um,
there's folks that are fans, I guess, of the bored ape yacht club who are trying to buy
video game land. This is with the other deed collection where they can basically claim land
in, I guess, a space called the, uh, other side. And they say it's a play to earn gaming project
that's supported by their new crypto token, ape coin. Cause of course they have to have a token
on top of their NFTs and stuff. Cause why not? Um, definitely not going to be a rug pull because
that's not what any of these are ever. Um, but apparently though there's, um, other side was
intended to launch in April, but hasn't, um, really come out yet. And based on that, there's been,
you know, basically this is a big scam, I guess. Um, yeah. The other, other deed sale,
they said, uh, which launched at the end of April, uh, which includes, uh, Yuga labs,
which is the company, I guess the largest NFT mint in history. I think they're the ones behind
the bored ape yacht club. And, um, yeah, apparently they've had an issue with a lot of
failed transactions. They said due to the incredible demand being forced through the
Ethereum's bottleneck, uh, for those affected, we appreciate your willingness to build alongside us.
Um, but know that we've got your back on refunding your gas. So apparently what's happening,
I think is that they're paying money to buy these tokens, but the transaction's failing,
but they're not getting their money back type of thing.
And I don't want to just repeat the conversation we had earlier in the show,
but as long as this is representative of what NFTs are, they are never period bolded,
underlined, italicized. I will own that comment. They will never be successful. As long as this is
what's representing NFT, these games that they're coming up with to like force NFT to happen,
force fetch to happen in these games, not going to happen, kids, not going to happen.
You got to figure out a way to make it work with something that already exists out there.
Yeah. So the other thing too is, uh, earlier this week, actually on the fourth, they,
the yugolabs had announced that they'd refunded everyone's gas fees, um, that everyone that had,
uh, failed transactions. However, um, lots of folks still haven't received a refund.
And on top of that, there's also someone created a fake other side website that conned some of the
NFT holders out of more NFTs. Again, losing $6.2 million worth of NFTs. Once again, it's like,
when you ever hear an NFT story, it's always either a rug pull scam or someone's dealing them
via like some sort of, um, you know, malware or just, you know, your old school
kind of a phishing scam to try to get that kind of stuff. So I don't know.
What a fucking mess. That's all we have to say. Next up, next topic.
Yeah. So, uh, of course, you know, with a lot of these big acquisitions, you know,
there are going to be some new regulatory bodies looking into them. So the FTC is actually
investigating Sony's proposed bungee acquisition. Uh, they're saying that it's, you know,
they're looking to, um, make sure that I guess it's not going to be more, I don't really know,
like anti-competitive. I'm surprised they're looking at that and not necessarily the Activision
Blizzard one. Cause I think that the bungee one is much smaller scale than Activision Blizzard,
but I haven't heard that they're looking into that, but I would assume that they
should if they aren't already. Um, so yeah, I think that's pretty par for the course though,
that they would look into, you know, acquisitions like that, but we'll see if that might give their
blessing or not. I don't think this is as big of a deal as like the gaming media. I mean, it's a,
it's a, it's a clickbait headline in this case. I really don't think this is, of course, they're
going to investigate it with this big of a tree. Is it like you just said, it's, it's such a huge
transaction that of course they're going to investigate it. Um, and I don't, I don't think
this should be concerning it. This is there's, I feel like what gaming journalism in some ways is
trying to do is like, try to equate this to the Microsoft Blizzard merger and all the problems
that are going on there. This, that is apples to oranges people. Right. And I don't think that
they've necessarily done that yet. And speaking of Microsoft, I mean, they did investigate the,
um, acquisition of Bethesda back when they did that in, uh, was that 2021? Right. So I mean,
it's not like unheard of that they do this. And I would imagine that the same thing is going to
happen with the Activision acquisition, although we don't know, like that's probably still later
on down the line. Like they haven't really merged yet or like, or I don't think they're at that
point where they're investigated yet. Um, maybe because of all the crazy stuff going on with
Activision, but, um, I'm sure it will happen. I'm sure they'll look at it. They're not going
to be like, Oh, we're going to investigate this $3 billion one, but the other one,
the $70 billion one, that one's cool. All right. Well, let's move on to our next story
and talk about this. This is interesting. So, um, Fortnite is now available on X cloud gaming,
which is X boxes, X boxes powered, um, or, you know, Microsoft's, uh, cloud service. Right.
But what's interesting about this is that this is basically created a way now to play Fortnite
on an iPhone again, because Apple, what's that? I said, check me Apple. I'll get to that. I'll
get to that. So Epic games basically is now made, you know, Fortnite available on iPhone again,
because of the X cloud partnership, because you can just, you can do X cloud on the web,
even on a mobile device. So you can do that. So of course, Tim Sweeney goes and writes a tweet
and says, well, Fortnite's now available without the Apple tax. I'm summarizing that tweet. I
don't remember the exact tweet, but he's basically trying to say now you can do Fortnite and there's
no Apple tax, but I'm looking at that going. What about the Microsoft tax? Because it's still
running on X cloud. And as far as I know, Microsoft Sony, they all charge 30% as well.
Now, maybe the difference is it has to do that whole thing where Apple was very mad about the
back door and all that stuff. And, uh, they didn't want to have, um, uh, a way to, uh, you know,
buy them on the web and maybe Microsoft is allowing that, I guess. Um, but yeah, so this is,
uh, this is interesting how that's happened. So, um, but yeah, so Fortnite's now available to play
on all those devices if you want, but technically the headline is Fortnite is now on Xbox cloud
gaming. It just has this interesting side effect of now Tim Sweeney is hyping it up as,
Oh, we're back on this. So it's interesting. So, all right. So now this is the part of the
show where things are going to get very interesting here, but I'll explain here in
a minute because we have a segment to do. So let's roll the bumper. And now it's time to travel back
to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week. So here's the problem. Dark soccer had picked a game.
I don't know anything about it. And I wouldn't want to do a game she picked anyway,
cause it's her game to talk about in her memory. It's not mine, especially when I don't know the
game. So we have to, and we haven't really had notice or time to prepare. So I had to pull
something literally out of the blue. However, I checked the Wiki and this game has not been done
before, believe it or not. So, uh, Loki, you're going to have to help me with tonight's classic
game of the week because, and I can't, I can't tell you why I was inspired to pick this game,
but the classic game of the week tonight is let me get it up here. Uh, magic pen gel.
It's a classic game of the week. So, and well, it's funny cause I was like, surely we did this
as a classic game at some point because we did. I thought we did too, but I am on the Wiki right
now. I'm looking at it and I just did a control find. I'm like magic. Okay. There was magical
night dreams and magic. Nope, no match. That's why you just heard that flip because they can't
find a search for it. So there is no magic pen gel. It's not there. We just talk about it on
the show an awful lot. So there you go. So, but we can talk about magic pen gel now. So let's talk
about this. Um, and yeah, dark soccer and chat says, damn, it's old enough. Uh, Oh, and she said
I could have done the other game. I didn't know anything about that game, dark soccer. I didn't
want to do it. This played this game before. Yes. This game is old enough. It came out in
North America, June 24th, 2003. So this game is damn near 20 years old. It actually came out in
Japan, March 20th, 2002. So in Japan it's over 20 years old at this point. Okay. It's called magic
pen gel, the quest for color. It's a original name. Garakuta Meisaku Geijo Rakugake Okoku
is the original name of the game. It's a role playing game that was developed by Garakuta
studio and title for the PlayStation two here in North America. It was published by age tech
apparently studio Ghibli was involved in this game because the musical compositions in the
game were done by Zuntada. So there was also a sequel for the game that came later called
graffiti kingdom, but we're not talking about that tonight. Basically, what is this game? It's
Pokemon meets Mario paint. That's what it is. You create your own little creatures in a in game
drawing system that actually worked pretty well to basically do a version of Pokemon.
The pen gels are with it. So they're not called Pokemon. They're called, I'm sorry. The pen gel
is a little pen fairy thing that creates the doodles. So the doodles are actually
the little Pokemon. And so you sketch out what the body looks like and you have a certain amount
of magic energy. So like the link is, or the ink, excuse me, isn't unlimited. You have a certain
amount of it. And you do these battles with the custom created design, you trade with other
players. You know, it's interesting with this whole discussion about NFT tonight,
these magic pen gels could be NFTs essentially.
Yeah, it's like our horrible 2d x controller that we stuff fight.
Oh yeah, that's right. We drove drew like a 2d extra toy. This game was well,
Loki, why don't you talk about some of your memories with this game? Because you played
this more than I did really? Yes. Yeah. So it was fun because you did get the draw,
whatever you wanted in there. And based on the colors that you use, you'd have different
abilities. So I think like they have like, you know, magic abilities or physical attack and
stuff like that. It would depend on like the ink colors or paint colors they got. I think you would
unlock more as you went along. So of course, you know, we had, I think we had a 2d x controller
that we made. There was just one it was just a big, like box. It was just like a big blue box
thing. And of course, and the chat room is lighting up going penis, penis, penis, penis.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, come on. Yeah, of course. We did that worldwide audience here on Twitch.
Come on. Of course, drawing a gigantic penis and balls was like one of the first
monsters created in this game. Everybody does it. Come on. It was fantastic. Yes. Such a glorious
game. In fact, I'm surprised this game wasn't called magic penis, because that's what everybody
made for their doodles. It was great, though, like, the thing about graffiti kingdom, though,
is a little bit different. So like, this game is more of a traditional kind of like RPG, like,
you like would battle and stuff. And they have like turn based battles. Whereas I think
graffiti kingdom was more of a like an action RPG type thing, you would just kind of like,
roam the world and do them things. I never actually played graffiti kingdom. But
yeah, this game was pretty fun. It was the drawing technology in the game was based on
Takeo Igarashi's teddy software. And I'm not sure what else that was used in. But apparently,
it is a sketching interface for 3d design. So it was kind of based on something that
was already out there, which I think is very interesting. On the reception to this game,
it was average pretty much, you know, a lot of seven and eights around the board, C plus
things like that for me to gave it a 32 out of 40. So for me to you know, not bad,
especially in those years now they hand out 40s like they're nothing but back then that was still
still something in a review by IGN. It was noted that the monster creation system lives up to a
potential for creating unique looking creatures and providing gameplay depth, different body
parts, colors and sizes affected abilities and statistics in battle. Yeah, that was I always
thought that was really interesting, too. Even if at the end of the day, they're saying it was
a giant game of rock, paper, scissors. The variety of attacks and spells with the custom monsters
could be kind of funny. And you know, what's cool is that Teddy software is it's a 3d modeling asset
now for unity. Oh, we can make a sequel. That's kind of neat, though. So you could so you could
bring back the 2d x machine and the penis monster and put them in a unity asset game basically is
what you're saying. Sure, you could totally do that. It's not expensive. It's like 30 bucks.
Just what I've always wanted. All right. Anyhow, let's see the care of some of the characters from
the game Zoe and Taro. They showed up later in a game called lost magic on the Nintendo DS,
which was also made by Tyto. So it looked like they aged a bit but that was magic pen gel. So
it was a lot of fun memories, especially if you go back to like early OLR. Because again,
that game came out during the first or second year of OLR. When we were doing three hours
every week about literally nothing. We played this game a lot and it was it was a good time
many memories playing this game just because it was just silly to draw that it was it was
neat to draw them in a 2d space and see them 3d animated. That's what it was. It's like you could
draw a 2d x machine you could draw a boner you could draw all sorts of horribly animated
in 3d but it was so like bad it was funny type of thing. So yeah, anyway, magic pen gel I would
consider it a cult classic. And that's our classic game of the week for sure. I love this game.
Anyway, there it is. Good pick Loki that inspired me to throw it in the back if you want to continue
watching the game Loki has it running behind him right now. Like I said, I can't imagine why I
thought to do this as the classic game of the week. But I was like surely surely that had been
picked at some point. Oh, no, no, no. Alrighty, then there we go. We'll do it tonight. We'll do
it live. All right, moving on. Let's get into some rapid fire news and quickly talk about some other
headlines around the industry. We'll start with Loki. I'll take the one that Jamie had. So I'll
take her story. You can do the other two lucky. All right. So the steam deck can now officially
run a ton more games than of course, when it launched. So I think when it launched,
it was about 400 games or so that were playable. Now they're almost up to 2500 games that are
playable. And then they verified it looks like about like 1200 of those that are, you know,
able to run I guess really well on the team deck. Yeah, 12 or 1289 games are fully verified.
And they said a further 11 or 1169 are playable. I'm not sure what exactly the difference between
playable and verified me, I guess just how will they run? Maybe like graphical bugs,
skipping audio hiccups, like just probably performance just with like the chip that's
on there, the APU and stuff. So but yeah, that's cool. Let's see that a lot more are compatible
now. So yeah, I mean, everyone's pretty excited about the steam deck. So yeah,
but the early stuff I've heard is pretty good. I'm getting to the point where I think I kind
of want one. But now I'm just going to hold off and wait and see if valve refreshes the hardware
in it. It's still really hard to get obviously, as you know, there's still shortages and stuff.
But I think at some point, you know, we had the story last week about how some of that is easing
up. And I'll wait to see when valve does the inevitable refresh of the steam deck and kind
of beefs up what's inside it, then maybe I'll try to get one.
Yeah. So Sonic the Hedgehog Two is now officially the highest grossing movie adaptation of a video
game franchise at the US box office. They are they've reached $331 million. Whereas the previous
movie was 319 million. So they, which is pretty good, considering that the 319 million I mean,
I don't know what that necessarily means as far as this movie, but like, it made 319 million during
2020. Which, you know, when movie theaters are closed,
Oh, yeah, yeah, there were so many movie theaters that for like an entire year still had Sonic the
Hedgehog movie posters up because that was the big movie that came out the weekend before everything
shut down. Yeah, it's good movie. Good movies. Yeah. How much would the first one have made if
COVID didn't happen the way it did? That's a very, yeah, would that but it's hard to say
sequels almost always, you know, for big AAA franchises, sequels almost always outgrow the
original, which is why the bar for this new avatar, which I guess there's a there's a teaser
trailer that's been shown. I did not see it. Yeah, I've only seen like the reaction online
and stuff. So I don't I don't know if it just showed in random theaters or what or it was
supposed to be before Dr. Strange, but I, I went to the bathroom right before the move. Well,
like is typically at the movie theater and I was shocked. Typically, the movie times that they give
you is like practically when they start rolling trailers. But ironically, this time, the movie
started at the movie time. And so the trailers were actually earlier. So I missed like a trailer
or two. But yeah, who cares? It's Avatar. It's like way too late for a sequel for that. But
whatever. I cheddar cheddars here. Hi. cheddar does not like being picked up. Okay, bye cheddar.
Anyway, um, but y'all wanted me to get cheddar on stream during all our at some point. So there you
go. Anyway, yeah. So Bobby says that he saw the trailer before strange. Alright, so I thought
because I you would think it'd be all over Twitter by now like leaks of the trailer and stuff. But
yeah, they were just, you know, uploaded to YouTube like, yeah, movie studios do. But I
was just saying the bar for that one is going to be incredibly high. But anyway, um, it's
many folks in chatter saying cheddar did not look please know he doesn't really love getting picked
up. I did that for y'all because I promised I'd put cheddar on stream at some point. So
all right, if I put his little toy on that table back there, he might get up on that. So we'll see.
I'll try that again later. Anyway, um, what else is it gonna say with that? Oh,
I was just surprised honestly, that Sonic two is like the biggest video game movie,
but then I'm like, well, I guess really, what else would there have been? Right? Like either
it came out in the 90s. And there's been inflation since the 90s. But there hasn't been a lot recently
that like, you know, what a bowl movie was going to make that kind of money.
Haha. Well, there is a Pokemon. Yeah, yeah. Detective Pikachu. That did really well.
But not that well, not as well, Sonic. I mean, honestly, there hasn't been a lot of
video game franchise movies that have come out that have done a lot. Yeah.
So it'll be, but now it's an article because it's slow. Here's, here's the other question.
How long will Sonic to hold that crown? Because that Mario movie, I know it got bumped to 2023.
And I'm, I'm sorry to make it a Mario versus Sonic thing, but let's be real. There's a lot
of people that are going to see that Mario movie. A lot of people that are going to take their kids
to see that Mario movie. I think Sonic's probably going to get to thrown by Mario,
which is hilarious to say. You got to, you got to admit there's a certain, I know, I know we got
like tiger claws, a huge Sonic fan in the chat, but you have to admit there's something funny
about me saying Sonic's about to get kicked out, get, get his butt kicked by Mario.
But I think it is still, you know, that's still a huge accomplishment for Sonic. Cause honestly,
I never would have thought the first movie would have done as well as it did. And I don't know if
that, and that's no, no shade. It's just that video game movies don't tend to typically do
that well. So it, you know, did great. Phoenix 77, 26 says, Rob, there was a uncharted movie
a few months ago. Oh yeah. That's right. Yeah. That ain't breaking a box.
No, it is not. No, it is not. Orange. Right. It says how well did the angry birds movie do?
Not 300 million. Well, but those were actually pretty good. I like the first one. I've watched
the first one several times. I have not watched the second one, but the first one was pretty good.
All right. All right. In one other rapid fire news story here tonight,
Jason talked about this in the intro tonight, but it's, it's interesting. The gold plated
Nintendo Wii. It's a one of a kind Nintendo Wii is going up for auction. THQ who not the same THQ
Nordic that exists today, because this was the THQ before they went bankrupt and had had their
name bought by THQ Nordic. So the old THQ, uh, made this 24 karat gold plated Wii,
and they were intending to give it to queen Elizabeth in 2009. The whole fucking thing
was promotion for a flop game called big family games. Anyone remember big family games? We had
any big family games fans out there. You can probably tell by the title alone. It was that
kind of Wii title. And there was, it was like, look, we're like Wii sports too. Please buy us.
There's so many of them. So many of them. Yeah. I would have thought it was Mario party,
but all right. But anyway, maybe we'll get a sequel to big family games on the switch.
However, here's the funny part. It never actually got to the queen because there is a very strict
Royal gift policy because who knows, maybe they thought there'd be anthrax in that Wii or
something. So they don't, they don't allow the queen to get gifts like that. So it was returned
to THQ. A collector got it from a studio contact in 2017. And now a Dutch collector named Don,
who runs, I guess, console variations is now putting this up for sale.
Originally, Don tried to sell this on eBay in October, 2021 for $300,000. However,
eBay originally shut them down because that's too much money. So now the auction is up at
golden, which is a place that allows these types of things. Bidding is already up to $2,000. I want
to actually see what it's at. Is it 3000 now? But like they give you big family games with it and
you, whoopee. Who wants to buy the gold-plated Wii so you can mod it?
I do. I want to mod it. I ain't paying for it.
Well, you know what it won't do? Load the Wii shop or have online multiplayer because those
features are no longer available. Anyway, the whole thing's a big publicity stunt,
but it's an actual gold-plated Wii. I guess it works.
So there's that.
And the gold plating's chipping off on it. Ooh, that looks so great.
DarkSakura still hanging out in our chat and lending her endless wit,
saying golden Wii is a sign of dehydration. We'll leave it at that.
Ssho100matt points out this title, the big family games, this gets localized,
but not President Cat. Don't get me started.
Well, to be fair, big family games was probably in English,
so it'd take nothing to localize it. But yes, it's a terrible game.
What's Mother 3's excuse? Happy Mother's Day.
All right. By the way, can I just say, again, Reggie Fils-Aime doing this whole book tour.
So of course everyone's asking him about Mother 3.
And now he's posting tongue-in-cheek tweets about the whole thing.
Reggie, you're great.
I've been enjoying the interviews I've been seeing with you in it.
I really can't wait to read your book.
I really admire you, Reggie, and what you've done for the industry.
Please just shut up about Mother 3.
You're just pouring salt in the wound.
Please just shut up about Mother 3.
Just say, it didn't happen.
It's not everything happens in the end.
Now shut up and move on.
Just please, for all of our sake.
And people, the rest of the industry, stop asking him about it.
He doesn't work for Nintendo anymore.
Stop asking him what happened.
It just, it didn't happen.
Moving on.
Let's talk about some games that will come out, unlike Mother 3,
in a segment called World Release Dates.
Let's start with the U.S., Loki.
We have IUDEN Chronicles Rising on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One,
and Xbox Series.
Salt and Sacrifice on PC, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
We Were Here Forever on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Let's see.
Brigadine, The Legend of Runzea, I don't know.
That's going to be out on PC.
And then we have the Centennial Case, a Shinjima story on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4,
PlayStation 5.
And last but not least, Evil Dead, the game on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation
5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
All right.
Let's go over to Japan and check out the releases there.
So coming out in Japan this week on the Nintendo Switch, Gold Week was this last week.
So now we're getting into releases again.
So May 12th, we'll see on Nintendo Switch, the Centennial Case, a Shinjima story is out
this week.
And Dead by Daylight gets a release on Nintendo Switch.
I think that was already out in Japan, but they're getting an Ultimate Edition.
And I was like, well, what's all in the Ultimate Edition?
And I noticed Oni is on the cover.
So OK, that one's there.
But then as I look at the list of DLC, there's 13 pieces of DLC, including Portrait of a
Murder, which is pretty recent.
That's the artist all included with it.
So that's pretty impressive.
That's a lot of stuff for basically what is otherwise a standard price Nintendo Switch
game.
So yeah, pretty interesting deal there.
So that is out in Japan this week.
Moving over to the PlayStation 5.
Same thing.
You get Dead by Daylight is also out in Japan on PlayStation 5, as is the Centennial Case.
Yeah, that's it.
Let's go over to the UK.
Do you have that available, Loki?
Or do I need one?
Yeah, not a whole lot coming out there.
So we've got Tourist Bus Simulator that's going to be coming out on PlayStation, Evil
Dead, the game on PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch.
And let's get fit on the Switch.
That's it.
Dark Soccer's pointing out DBD is super huge in Japan.
Yeah, I think it's actually it's been growing in a relatively recently over there.
So that's kind of interesting.
SG100 Matt says the Evil Dead, the game looks fun, by the way.
Also very Sam Raimi.
I'd like to check that game out.
I'll watch people play it on Twitch and see if it's for me or not.
So all right.
We have just a few more stories for you.
And then we'll invite your calls and your emails.
I know we have at least one email tonight and whatever else your chat comments in our
listener roundtable.
But first, let's get you some more stories.
Loki, I think you have one for us.
Yeah, Hayden Blackman is apparently leaving Hangar 13 studio, which was the studio that
created Mafia 3.
And, you know, with that, even though he is leaving, they are going to be continuing on
with a new Mafia game that'll be coming out at some point, I guess.
Whenever it's done.
Whatever it's done.
Yeah.
So we haven't had a new one of those in a while, right?
Mafia 3 didn't come out very.
Yeah, it was a while ago.
It was a while ago at this point.
Yeah, but they're saying, though, that the new Mafia game that was expected to be made
in the Unreal Engine 5 instead of the Mafia 3 engine.
So, I mean, Unreal 5 looks pretty awesome.
So cool.
I can't wait to see that.
Yeah.
And then I play it because I don't play any of the Mafia.
Well, let's talk.
But it will look cool.
I got this story.
This next story JB was going to do, but I'll talk about it.
Let's talk about another game nobody is interested in playing, apparently, and that's Babylon's
fall, man.
The news just gets worse and worse in this game.
I got to admit, I had a curious eye on this game at first because I heard about the Final
Fantasy 14 assets being used and so forth.
And then I heard about the cash in the cash in the cash, and they were so desperate to
make this a live service game that they could keep cashing in on after that initial $60
fee that, boy, that whole thing really shot him in the foot, even though platinum games
usually makes platinum titles.
This one.
Wow.
In fact, a lot of news sites are running with this headline.
It's down to one concurrent player.
Well, here's the thing.
You know, those concurrent player counts are a snapshot in time, and somebody caught on
Steam charts that there was one player playing it on Wednesday, May 4th, 2022.
So on May the fourth, May the fourth was not with Babylon's fall because one person was
playing it.
They probably just left their computer on or something in the middle of the night.
But it's noon somewhere in the world.
So, yeah, that's not a great look for this game.
Of course, we had already talked about a story not that long ago where it was only like a
thousand people if that were playing it like when the game came out.
So, yike.
And, you know, they kept promising they're going to try to make improvements, but we're
not seeing them yet.
But platinum games is saying there is no plans to scale back the development of Babylon's
fall.
I think if they want this game to have a chance, they're going to have to fall the price to
free.
And that's it.
That's the do or die moment for this game.
Follow the price to free or this game is done and you all are wasting your fucking time.
But that's just my perception on that.
Loki, I don't know.
Any interest at all in Babylon's fall?
No, not at all.
I'd check it out if it was free.
Platinum games is great.
I'd check it out.
Even do that.
Yeah.
All right.
They probably have more than one player, that's for sure.
Loki, what do you got for us next?
I had to check and see what year it was because we're getting reports that Nintendo sports
fans, it's TV smashing time.
So folks aren't following the concert reminders to put wrist straps on and they're throwing
their Nintendo Switch controllers into the screens.
Joy cons are taking flight and smashing into screens.
What happens if you only have a switch light?
Do you just do you accidentally throw your entire switch because you don't have?
I don't know if you can play that game on the switch light, to be honest.
I heard it's limited.
Like there's only certain games you can play and it's limited.
I would think you could just get a second pair of independent joy cons and pair them
to the switch light and play them that way.
I would think true.
Yes.
In that case, you'd have to do a combo with that.
You would throw your loose joy cons into the screen, which is exactly.
So it's a little bit more challenging, but if you're up for the challenge, then you
could break everything.
All right.
E3VL in chat says it only works tabletop on single player, cannot play multiplayer.
All right.
Lastly, I'm sorry.
I thought this headline was too funny, even though I will fully admit I've never really
played this game, but I've heard the jokes over the years about how Eve online is basically
a spreadsheet simulator.
Well, I'll be damned.
I think this is so funny.
So there's actually, you know, there's enough people that play this game.
I haven't played it, but it's still a fairly popular online game.
It's got its fans and they have this Eve fan fest that they do well at the fan fest.
They announced, they reached out to Microsoft and there is now an official extension that
will pull data from Eve online and automatically put it into an Excel spreadsheet.
So an official Microsoft collaboration, a Microsoft Excel add on for Eve online and
the crowd, as you would expect, went fucking nuts.
And they were very, cause you know, they're all in on the joke.
So they went nuts and people tweeting, this is the best update that Eve has ever done.
So an early prototype of this was shown and more details are coming out later this year.
And that's pretty awesome.
Also, of course, there was more announced a fan fest, not just Excel.
Can you imagine if you went, can you imagine going to Blizzcon?
And the big announcement is now we're, now we're going to work with PowerPoint.
That's a big announcement.
Of course, that would still be a better year than the year they announced the Diablo mobile
phone game.
Don't you all have phones?
Which is finally coming out in June.
Exciting, right?
And then apparently, I know we didn't talk about it on the show cause we don't talk about
current topics, but I will just say they did announce something else.
It looks like trash.
I'm sorry.
It looks like such trash.
Yikes.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I can't help it.
All right.
Anyhow, but Microsoft Excel, I'm all for that kind of collaboration.
Bobby Black Wolf says CCP has that kind of humor too.
So it fits.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on to, I think that was it for stories.
So now we're ready to talk to our listeners and listen around table.
If you would like to give us a call, you can join our discord server, vog network.com
slash discord.
That's VOG network.com slash discord.
And if you had to head to the green room, we'll take some of your calls on the show,
but I know we had at least one email because we always invite your emails as well, because
I know people listen to us on the podcast feed available in all your favorite podcast
apps.
And so some of you will send emails throughout the week.
Sorry, I'm buying time because I'm not logged into the email bag currently, but I know I
saw at least one come in earlier and it's from somebody who actually calls us quite
a bit.
We have an email tonight from Rama.
Participate at orange launch, radio.com.
If you want to send us an email for a future week, Rama writes in and says, greetings,
one and all.
I hope that the weekend has been eventful for you all a couple of things and I'll be
on my way.
Number one, is there a game that you started playing that at first you thought was mediocre,
but as you played more of it, you ended up falling in love with the game.
For example, I bought persona five for a friend to play in stream.
At first, when she started playing, it was all right to her and she wasn't sure that
she'd continue.
But one year and 300 plus hours later, she ended up loving the game, the lore, the characters,
everything with it.
Yes.
And I've mentioned this one on the show before, and you're going to say, oh, of course.
But my answer to this is easy.
Mass Effect would be it because the first time I played Mass Effect, I didn't get it.
I was just like, oh, this is just shooty, shooty, bang, bang.
I don't think I'm into this.
Whatever.
This is just, yeah, I don't like RPGs unless they're JRPGs.
I don't really want to play this anymore.
And then I went back years later to check out the entire trilogy and I fell in love
with it.
And I love the original trilogy.
And obviously, as you all know, some of my favorite games that have ever been made.
So that's my easy answer.
I mean, and I think you all saw it coming.
Loki, is there one for you?
I can't think of anything offhand.
Maybe.
I mean, I don't know.
It wasn't necessarily mediocre, but like I know Minecraft originally, like when it first
came out, I didn't get it.
And you know what?
Me too.
I didn't play it, but it wasn't that I played it and went, this is all right.
Once I played, I was like, Oh man, this is awesome.
So there was never kind of a mediocre point to that.
But yeah, I can't really think of anything.
I mean, I'm sure there's something.
The other one that's obvious for me is No Man's Sky.
You know, I never showed up about that game here on the show.
I love that game now.
But the difference there is that, and we all know this, No Man's Sky today in 2021, 17
patches later, is not the same game that originally was released.
So it's not quite a fair game to use as an answer to that, I think.
Some answers from our chat.
SH2100 Matt says Undertale for me.
Let's see.
Dark Sakura is still in chat hanging out, saying Mass Effect, Dragon Age 2, and Dead
by Daylight for me.
Oh yeah.
I'm trying to think if I played Dead by Daylight before Alan started watching all the Twitch
streamers and I got into it that way.
I don't think I ever did.
I didn't even really play it until I watched Alan watching all the Twitch streamers.
And I was like, all right, I'll try this.
And then Alan was playing it too.
And I was like, all right, I'll try this.
And then I turned out I really liked it.
Dark Sakura says, wow, World of Warcraft as well.
Like for her, it wasn't until Cataclysm that it got good and then it got crap again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow was one of those games like I would kind of go back and forth with too.
Like I started it, then I went away, then I started again and all that stuff.
All right.
Back to Rama's email.
Number two, this is a follow-up to my call from two weeks ago.
As of May 2nd, I am no longer a contract employee for the company I work for.
I am now a full-time employee with the benefits the company has to offer.
For that, I'm very thankful and appreciative.
As I said before, being a contract employee can suck because you don't get the full benefits
and discounts the company has to offer.
But if you wait it out, work hard.
And if you're lucky enough, you'll be in.
For the record, during my tenure as a contract employee for NBC,
Fresh Direct and a couple other places, I've seen temps quit and go on to greener pastures.
I stayed because I felt appreciated for the work that I did and the pay wasn't bad.
Take care, stay fabulous, Rama.
Well, congratulations, Rama.
Big hearty congratulations.
You did it.
You earned it.
And I can't think of anyone more deserving personally.
So I'm very happy for you, Rama.
Congratulations on that.
Loki, I think that was the week you were off for your surgery.
But that was the week that the Nintendo thing was in the headline about the contract workers
and all that and how Nintendo was treating contract workers was.
No, I was there.
Oh, were you?
I can't remember who was here.
Well, yeah, either that or I can listen to it.
I don't remember.
No, no, it was the week goes out.
But I was listening to the show.
That's why I remember that.
So Rama called in and then talked about, oh, I have a unique perspective on this and then
talked about how you know that.
So that's a lovely follow up.
So congratulations.
It's wonderful.
So, yeah.
Yay.
Everybody's giving applause.
There's clap emojis.
Yay.
Yay.
We're happy for DJ Rama S. Congratulations.
You did the thing.
That's it for emails.
If you want to send us an email for a future week, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I am looking in the green room.
I don't see anyone.
And DarkSakura wants to clarify she's in chat because she's still her head is fine when
she's not trying to be on camera.
So like she can like lie down and be on the keyboard and all that stuff or whatever, like
be at a different configuration.
So she's able to let her migraine chill out and chat and not have the focus on.
So we're glad she's still there in chat.
I don't have anything else.
Do you have any last minute stories, Loki?
I was trying to find something, but it actually.
Well, I think remember it was Gold Week in Japan, so it actually was a slower Newsweek.
I mean, we still had a show full of stories, but believe it or not,
I think at this point we're kind of in that whole little waiting period until it's the
quiet before the non E3, the non E3.
But now it's going to be summer.
Why?
Oh, my God.
My watch suddenly was like, here's everything you want to know about E3.
They're dead, Siri.
They're dead.
Siri came on again and was like, Who's dead?
Anyway, how about you all in chat?
Do you have any topics you'd like us to discuss?
You know what?
Whatever is fair game tonight, whatever you want to ask us about is fair game tonight.
Yeah.
Bobby Black was like, serious.
Like, are you dead?
I will make a call.
No, I'm fine.
I'm alive.
Dark to see.
It says you got to stop doing that.
I need to turn.
I never use Siri on the watch.
I'll use it on the phone, especially in my car, because I don't want to use.
You know, I'm driving.
I'll say, like, give me directions to so and so.
But that's it.
I also use it a lot to say, set a reminder to do this, because it's so much easier than
going in and trying to actually set it on the calendar.
So there's that.
Bobby Black Wolf says, look at the summer games done quick schedule and see all the
rhythm games.
Okay, so where are we going?
Games done quick.
Oh, how about that?
It's like the first search result there.
Games done quick schedule.
All right, let's take a peek at this and see what we get.
Let's go there.
Let's see.
Oh, I didn't know they already had, like, all of the hosts were assigned stuff.
Gosh.
Okay, let's see.
Oh, they're running Mass Effect.
That's cool.
I okay.
The original.
I'm seeing.
So they said, look, Bobby says, look, yay, Blaster Master.
Sorry, I'm looking at all these games.
They said, oh, my gosh, so many good ones on the NES.
Let's see.
Where are all the music games?
I imagine they put them in a big block somewhere.
Oh, they haven't put who's announcing the games, just who's running them.
Because I'm like, I know Bobby and Froob have worked together for, like, five of these now.
I know Bobby's going to do this one unless there's something real wild happens.
So Thursday night is what Bobby says to look at.
Oh, King's Quest five.
Yay.
Let's see.
There's step mania, not itg sound voltex.
Wow.
That must be more of an expedition type of game.
That's interesting.
That's kind of neat.
Yeah.
Step mania, not itg should be interesting.
A couples exhibition, and that's going to be in person.
Wow.
Are they doing any mixing?
Copy play time.
Are they doing any mixing of the, like, hybrid stuff?
Like some people had theorized could happen is that they would actually mix the stuff
like when they needed to do a set change.
Okay.
Yeah.
Part of these are remote.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
See, I think that's a smart thing for Summer Games.
So quick to do is that in awesome games is do when they have a big set change in person
to run some of the remote stuff.
That's great.
Awesome.
So that's a good schedule.
That should be fun.
All right.
That, like, you know, I have to check out the VR stuff.
Like, they have a Half Life Alex and super hot VR looks pretty cool.
Didn't they do a Half Life Alex run last time?
What they did.
Probably.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I get all their, like, stuff through YouTube, and they do, like, a bunch of different runs
throughout the year outside of Summer Games and awesome games.
Mike Def points out Elden Ring is the closing game this year that tracks because it's new
and it's very popular, especially on the streaming services.
That's going to be a good one to close with.
I'm not surprised that at all.
You know, obviously, we're past the days of, like, Metroid being the or Super Metroid always
being the closer or something along those lines.
So, yeah, I'm not too surprised with Elden Ring.
It's only so many times you can do Super Metroid.
Well, and then there was the incident that one year and ever since then, you know, they
started saying, do we have to do this as the closer every time?
And it turns out the answer is no.
It still is a successful marathon, even when you run other games as the closing game.
So.
All right.
I do like the randomizer race or, like, the races that they do and, like, randomizer stuff.
Those are fun.
Yeah, I like those two.
Those are fun.
All right.
Well, that's going to bring us to a close for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you all so much for tuning into our show tonight.
We really appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice.
But if we don't have the voices here, we can't put them out on air.
So tell a friend or two about the show.
Share on social media a five star review on iTunes, Spotify or wherever you found this
podcast goes an awful long way.
We really appreciate all of it for sure.
And they are doing I'm sorry to interrupt.
They are doing a relay race for Super Mario Maker two.
I'm definitely going to watch that.
It's going to be awesome.
That's awesome.
If you want to join the Discord and continue the conversation throughout the week, vognetwork.com,
that's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
We hope to see you there.
In person appearance coming up at Dragon Con again this year.
So check that out.
And there might be something coming up here locally.
I have to talk to you off air about that Loki with Dark Soccer because I got an interesting
email.
So message you about that.
So other than that, that's it.
I don't know what else to say.
It's final thought time.
Loki, do you have a final thought tonight?
I have to check out with this Kaiser Super Metroid run.
It's going to be two because I like Kaiser Mario stuff.
So Kaiser Super Metroid will be insane, I'm sure.
Yeah.
My final thought is I need to get into randomizers.
Like I've always wanted to play a Zelda randomizer or a Metroid randomizer and get into some
of the logic that comes with running those because you have to.
You know, there's a lot of thinking about this before this and this.
I want to get into those.
I've just never really made the time for it.
And I definitely need to make the time for that.
So yes, I will do that.
That's it.
We hope to see you again next week.
We'll be back.
Believe it or not, we're almost on the 20th anniversary end of June.
This show is 20 years old, if you can believe it.
And we have no idea what special thing we're doing yet, because that's how we roll here
at OLR.
Have a wonderful night, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days to do it all again.
And hopefully the gang is able to all get back together next time.
Again, a happy Mother's Day to all the moms and motherly figures out there and gamer mommies.
And I hope you all have a wonderful week.
Take care, everybody.
Have a good night.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
