We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 207 and letís get right back into it.
We got more gaming news for you guys.
Iím going to start it off with a story about the Xbox update.
The much anticipated fall 360 update did roll out on October 31st just like it was speculated
last week.
We talked about that on this program.
And whatís interesting about the update is that it bricked some consoles.
And when we say bricked the console that means that basically it crashes it, causes the three
red lights of doom to appear and now you effectively have a giant paperweight or a system that
cannot play games.
It was said though that less than 1% of the consoles were affected.
But I know we had a listener.
I want to say it was Alex who was in our chat earlier saying he was one of the lucky less
than 1% that got affected by this and tried to call Microsoft and they wanted the money
to fix it.
And Iím thinking that is messed up.
Thatís not what I read.
I read people were actually being able to send them back, but thatís pretty fucked
up that they wanted money.
I asked him to call in later in the show and give his perspective there.
The official quote from Microsoft did come from this, ìWe are hearing from a small number
of customers, less than 1%, that are having issues with a fall console update.
Iíve been told that the team should have an updated version in the next 12 to 24 hours.
Weíll let you know when the issue is resolved.
If youíre having problems with the update for any reason, please call XBox Support.
Weíre working with those affected to get them back up and running and weíre committed
to making sure the update doesnít cause problems for anyone else.î So donít take that $140
for an answer.
No, you did not have the choice to download this update, so they should fix the damn thing
for you.
They bricked your console, so they need to fix it.
Especially since theyíre aware of the problem.
Thereís no excuse for that.
Black Boy in our chat room did the math and said that would be about 60,000 consoles that
got bricked.
Good job.
Thatís still a big number.
Wow, thatís something else.
They need to figure out how to un-brick them and fast.
I guess next time they need to test on more consoles.
I donít know.
Thatís kind of weird that an update could brick your console like that, but I donít
know the technical end of it.
Speaking of things that are unacceptable, well, at least the book was, Eragon, the demo
for that is available on Xbox Live, itís a 415 megabyte download, so you can check
it out.
My problem with the book is that the book, as far as Iíve gotten through it, is so very
poorly written, it reads like it was written by a 12-year-old, so hopefully the game is
better than how poorly written the book is.
The demoís not better at all.
Itís absolutely crap.
The demo is like it was written by a 12-year-old?
Yeah, and Iím not sure if youíve played it, but if youíve played Konamiís King Arthur,
itís about the same level of crap, and thatís really bad.
Itís boring hack and slash.
That sounds pathetic.
I donít even know what this game is about.
I know thereís a movie, but Ö
Okay, Eragon is about a boy who finds out that heís a dragon rider and gets pulled
into all the dragon-riding nonsense and everything, but to defend the writer of the book, I did
hear that he did start it in his teens, but thatís what beta readers are for, use them,
which the entirety of the fan fiction writing community should also know that, too.
But I donít see why the book got all this attention and why theyíre making a movie
of it.
I saw the posters for it at the Metreon a couple weeks ago.
Yeah.
I saw them recently, also.
Itís sad.
So the game is just hack and slash?
Thatís as far as I got in the demo before I decided it should be deleted, and it wasnít
fun.
It looked like a PS2 game, and not even like a current generation of PS2 games.
It looks like a step back.
Well, itís developed by Stormfront, and Stormfront did those Lord of the Rings ones, and they
were all hack and slashy, too.
I donít know.
It didnít look that bad.
The screenshots Iíve seen look pretty good, but having played the demo Ö
The screenshots arenít playing.
Oh, snap.
Oh, no.
But, anyways, thatís actually Nvidiaís big game for Ö well, actually, no, I guess Fear
would be the big game for Novemver.
Anywho, so that fall update for the 360, it did some good, and what that would be is actually Ö
Well, itís helping ban some of the modders that have their firmware for the DVD drives
modded to play backed-up games.
And so, actually, theyíve started banning some of these people that supposedly have
modded systems.
The funny part about it, though, is theyíre also banning some people that donít have
modded systems, but are saying that they are modded.
So they donít really have their system down pat yet, but it is at least a start to try
to stop some of those people from pirating stuff, because pirating is bad, totally.
I feel so weird saying that.
Anyway, I wanted to move on to a story about something that those players will not probably
be downloading any time soon, and that would be some new maps for Perfect Dark Zero.
Some brand new maps came out for free if youíre an Xbox Live Gold member.
Hmm, interesting.
Another perk about being a Gold member.
You get some maps there for Perfect Dark Zero, and get this, they are an updated version
of GoldenEye 64 maps, Facility and Temple.
Those maps are now available in Perfect Dark Zero.
Thatís kind of cool, if I liked Perfect Dark Zero.
I sold my Perfect Dark Zero, because I didnít like it.
I just couldnít get into it.
It felt weird.
No next-gen game should have a first-person shooter where you cannot jump.
Thatís my opinion.
But, but, but, there, GoldenEye was a good game.
I donít know, I still play Doom, and GoldenEye was good.
I just didnít, Perfect Dark Zero I just could not get into at all.
At all.
I donít know, Iím sorry, it just wasnít good for me.
Dark Tetsuyaís happy.
He says Facility was awesome.
So some good reception there in our chat room to the maps that are coming out.
You know what they need?
What?
They need to put out a goddamn time splitters game.
That was awesome.
Weíll see.
Make your own maps.
Well, at any rate, thereís been a bit more information about the Halo 3 multiplayer mode.
Basically there is Ninja Ball, which is, you know, basically carrying a ball around.
Tank Flag, where a tank carries a flag.
And Elimination, on that one, youíre supposed to kill off five opposing team members.
With a 16 player limit.
They also mentioned more about the Spartan Laser, itís saying that the weapons application
will be offset by a need to lock onto the target for about three seconds.
So itís sort of like, you know, lock targeting computer fire.
The Man Cannon, funny, it will be used to fire explosive barrels and vehicles and looping
arcs over the battlefield.
And thereís also saying that theyíll be able to fire or you can be shot down while
youíre in air.
Thereís also, with the Warthog and Ghost vehicles, theyíre going to control similarly
to how they do in Halo 2, but theyíre not saying what the X button is going to be used
for.
Itís going to be ready when itís ready.
The rumor for the X button was steal weapons, because apparently youíre going to be carrying
your unused weapon over your shoulder or in a pistol mount or something like that.
So to stop people who whore certain weapons, like during the whole game, thatíll be interesting.
Yeah, Iíve heard that youíre going to be able to see the weapons on people, so interesting.
That is kind of cool.
By the way, I want to say in response to the whole not being able to jump in the first
person shooter, Jeremy Todd 1 says in Gears of War you canít jump and thatís one of
the best games coming out.
Itís a little stupid.
I donít care.
Even if it has high production values, itís still retarded that you cannot jump.
Come on now, weíre in next gen, we need to have jumping technology, thatís what we need.
Some things that are also ridiculous out there, and we talk about this every week, itís not
a huge surprise, another EA game comes out and more microtransactions.
Well, EA is actually trying to charge another $50 for their microtransactions.
One of those charges you can actually purchase for $10 is the upgrade to basically make yours
the collectorís edition, so you can get the extra cars and whatnot, extra tracks.
And of course, theyíre going to have some unlockables that you can buy, pretty much
the same deal as all the other EA games that theyíve been charging microtransactions for.
So this is just going to be something that weíre going to see going forward, Iím thinking.
So if you donít like them, donít buy them, thatís what I say.
Thatís exactly what it boils down to.
If you donít like this, donít buy it, and donít encourage other people to buy it either.
So itís time to rise up against all this microtransaction stuff.
I donít know, they can be cool sometimes.
I mean new maps, new songs, I mean thatís kind of neat, but I donít know about this
whole buying something that youíre going to get in the game later.
And doesnít that just seem, I still canít get over the whole thing that we talked about,
I know this was last week, but the Godfather and the fact that the cheat codes are in the
other games that will give you money, but in this one you have to buy it.
That just seems, I donít know, just because I know so many people that rely on cheat codes
to get through their games, and thatís how they want to do it, and thatís how they have
fun doing it.
Especially in a sandbox game, maybe they donít want the challenge, they just want to have
fun going around and blowing people up.
Like I knew somebody that did this on Destroy All Humans, just put in all the cheat codes
and just ran around and blew things up.
Hey, thatís fun!
No, Iím not talking about you actually, although you probably did this too.
Yes I did.
So, I donít know, it just kind of seems like itís taking advantage of those people, taking
candy from a baby.
Well, itís just like, you know, for example, I put in cheat codes when I play Saints Row
at lunch, because weíre not actually saving the game or doing any progress, weíre just
running around blowing shit up, and thatís how we spend our lunches, because Saints Row
is very much like Grand Theft Auto.
Well, this type of news makes me angry.
I donít know about you, DarkSakura, but I get angry when I feel like Iím being taken
advantage of, and my poor casual gaming friends are going to have to pay more money to have
the gaming experience they want, so this makes me angsty, and that means itís time for the
FUs of the Week.
The FU of the Week goes towards the Jehovahís Witness that knocked on the door to Kristenís
house before I left today.
Iím hiding behind the corner because I know Iím going to have choice awards for this
woman.
But sheís like, sheís coming to the door, and Kristenís like, ìHi, can I help you?î
and sheís like, ìOh, I have very important information for you, hereís your own personal
copy of things to help you understand whatís going on in the world!î And she goes, ìIs
this religious?î ìNo, itís from the Bible!î ìExcuse me!î And then she proceeds to go
on and explain, and I understand, this is not me getting down on anybody who is Christian
or believes in God or anything like that, itís, first of all, the woman tries to lie
about her purpose for being there, which is very un-Christian-like, then again, weíve
had this for centuries, ìOh, the Crusades, the witch hunts, how about that?î But anyway,
she goes on trying to use the Bible to explain to a pagan the difference, and the thing is,
you cannot use your belief as valid proof to someone who does not believe the same thing
that you do.
It doesnít work.
And finally, Iím like, and Kristenís like, ìOh, whoa, whoa, whoa, Jamie, come here!î
Iím like, so, I said, ìOkay, hereís my take on this.
The Bible was written by human beings.
God did not write it.
God told them what to put in it.
Therefore, when God comes to earth and says, ìHereís a book that I wrote by myself.
I hope you like it, then I will take the Bible literally.î And then I said, ìThank you
very much.
Goodbye,î and shut the door.
She gave me this look like, itís utter disbelief, like, ìOh, my God, nobodyís ever pointed
that out to me before,î and turned around and left, and spent silence.
And all I could see was, ìOh, my God, Iím so hardcore.î
This reminds me of the time that I was living in Chico, and I remember Prop 22 here in California,
which is the one that said they were going to write, ìMarriage is only between a man
and a womanî in the State Constitution, and this woman came to my door and was like, ìYes,
I was going around talking to folks today about Proposition 22.
How do you feel about the fact that marriage should only be between a man and a woman?î
And Iím like, ìHoney, I am gay, so you might as well turn right around.î And she did.
But she was embarrassed, she was like, ìOh, oh, I see.î Iím like, ìYouíre not going
to catch it, but run.î Iím a very open-minded person.
I grew up Southern Baptist, I mean, jeez.
If I could escape that with an open mind, if I could escape growing up Southern Baptist
in Alabama with an open mind, then Iím fairly tolerant of peopleís religious preferences.
But when you come to me with such a closed-minded argument, when you follow so blindly that
you cannot even accept logic, which is a gift that God apparently gave to you, when you
ignore this gift, I have no respect for you.
We have to be careful not to turn this into a religious show.
I think we can end on the note saying, ìIf you are totally religious, then thatís cool.
We totally respect that.î One of my best friends is a very religious person and I totally
respect that because he respects my right to choose my own religion and the fact that
we have freedom of religion in this country, so I think diversity is great.
Thatís why I think youíre welcome to see how you feel, youíre welcome to believe what
you do, but youíre right.
You can share with me, but your right to share that with me ends when you force it on me.
Yeah, and I believe in the Flying Spaghetti Monster, actually, no, anyway, weíve got
to move on.
Anyways, I have to read this in chat, RPGKing7 says, ìNo, whatís better is these two fairly
hot Jehovahís Witnesses came to my house and I used the line, ìIf God loves me, then
youíll show me your tits.îî Thatís disgusting, come on, letís keep it moving.
Anyways, FU2 Comcast, because I upgraded to Comcastís HD service, and first off, there
arenít that many channels anyways, but second off, our new cable box keeps randomly shutting
off, like once every hour to once every five minutes, and itís very annoying, and in fact
now itís starting to make static noise out of our right speaker, and I checked everything
and well, theyíre just retarded, so finally the Leafs are coming to fix it on Tuesday,
but I shouldnít have to put up with that crap.
My FU goes to my taste buds because Iím constantly craving junk food all week, like right now
Iím craving pie.
Thatís it.
Meagletop, do you have anything?
I have two short ones, Iím doing a preemptive FU to Endemero for not including Lasenka in
the new Pump It Up mix thatís going to be announced this month, because I know it wonít
be there, because they donít like me enough, and then FU to myself for not trying to jump
on Taco Bell Boy today, because heís still really hot.
Hey Rob, I have one more.
What?
This is on behalf of several friends of mine, when, okay men, remember this, if you try
to hit on somebody while theyíre working to say Iím sorry Iím a lesbian, donít say
oh thatís okay, and smile at them like you can suddenly fix them.
They donít want your cock pissed off.
They want pussy.
Thank you for that blunt explanation.
Well, you have to be blunt, because the majority of straight men out there only think, Iím
saying majority, most that Iíve encountered, only think with one piece of their anatomy
and itís not their brain.
Now, now, there are women out there that think they can turn a gay man straight because theyíre
so fabulously hot.
Theyíre so fabulously hot.
That is very true.
Thatís true, but I hear more about men pulling this off than women.
Men just want to watch.
You know what, yesterday I had two women tell me they wanted to sleep with me.
Iím like, um, sweeties, you know, it doesnít really work that way, Iím not programmed
for that.
Anyway, weíre getting into TMI, so letís get into some game releases.
Hey, upcoming game releases that are coming out on various systems.
In Japan, Iíve got the Japanese release dates for you guys.
Gears of War is making its way to the Xbox 360 in certain Asian regions this week, so
be on the lookout for that.
We also have coming out on the Playstation 2 this week in Japan, Area 51 is coming out.
My Kinoto Hime is coming out as well on the Playstation 2 in Japan, which is another typical
adventure game that is being put out by Sunrise, which has a limited edition entertainment
as well.
Okami is making its way to Japan, as well as SSX On Tour is going into the best hits
collection for EA for the Japanese markets this week.
Going over to the Nintendo DS, Blackjack Hainotori-hen is coming out from Sega this week, and then
another Sudoku game is coming out as well from Milestone, and we have this interesting
title.
Letís see how bad I can butcher this.
Was that Hainotori?
Which one?
The one you said before Hainotori?
Oh God, on whichÖ
Sorry.
Oh no, itís separated.
Itís Hainotori-hen.
Ok, that means firebird.
Oh, thatís what it is.
And then we have this one as well, this should be interesting on the DS.
Itís Nisas Shoujo Manga Ka, Chao Manga School.
So this is how to be a shoujo manga artist?
Pretty much, it looks likeÖ no, it looks like it actually takes place like in a school.
Iím looking at some of the screenshots.
Manga Ka is aÖ
Oh no, it does teach you how to draw.
A manga writer.
Oh yeah, look, seeÖ
Shoujo is girl.
See, look, it teaches you how to draw.
Basically, itís going to teach you how to draw Sailor Moon.
Yeah, see, look, there it is.
Coming out from TDK Mediactive.
I actually think Iíll get that game.
That might be kind of fun.
The importers are wanting $48.90 for it.
Dude, Iíll get it.
Gotta love those import games and their high, high prices.
Well, hey, if you do Dil Jinshi or an artist, thatís a good game for you.
I need to give PSP a little love real quick as well.
Theyíre also getting some games.
Mostly Koei Entertainmentís bringing out some stuff into their best series.
Nobunaga no Yabu is going into the best series, as well as La Corda de Oro.
Looks like this oneís a new game thatís comingÖ no, itís just going into Koei selection.
Marukanaro Jiku no Uchi Day 2.
Enjoy if youíre in Japan and have access to those games.
Well, speaking of games that arenít in Japan, how about our friends over in Europe?
So letís see what is coming out in the upcoming week, shall we?
Coming out on the 6th, we have Football Manager 2007 on 360 and PSP.
Thatís an interesting combination.
Medieval 2, Total War, Phantasy Star Universe, which I recommend everybody get because itís
fun.
Sega Genesis Collection.
Also on the 10th, we have Capcom Classic Collection Reloaded, Delta Force Black Hawk Down, Team
Saber, Mario Slam Basketball, Point Blank for the DS, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Blue and
Red, Scooby-Doo, Whoís Watching Who?, Warhammer, Mark of Chaos, WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 2007,
which I actually do have to say is pretty damn fun just from the demo.
You can download the demo on Xbox Live right now if you want to give it a go, but I recommend
that if you want to win, use Kane.
Of course, the U.S. is going to be seeing one hell of a week for releases.
Starting off, of course, with the portable stuff, weíve got Elite Beat Agents coming
out on the DS, Digimon World DS, My Frogger Toy TrialsÖ crap!
And letís see hereÖ Winx Club, The Quest for CodexÖ also crap!
And letís seeÖ Wait, wait, I thought Megalotov was a fan
of the Winx games.
I just work on him.
Iím not really a fan.
Never mind.
I better not grill you further or you might get in trouble.
Game Boy Advance, Final Fantasy V Advance is coming out and Polarium Advance as well.
Polarium is one of the worst puzzlers Iíve ever played.
I would not be interested in it on the Advance.
On the PC, weíve got Final Fantasy XI Vanadial Collection 2007, in case youíre not a member
of Final Fantasy XI yet.
Left Behind, Eternal Forces, the godly Grand Theft Auto game, the Sims 2 Happy Holiday
stuff, and of course, if you have a Microsoft Flight Simulator, the Aircraft Power Pack
will be coming out.
Then on a lot of systems, Call of Duty 3 is going to be coming out on Playstation 2, Xbox,
and the 360.
Weíve got Tony Hawkís Project 8 coming out on Playstation 2, Playstation 3, Xbox, and
Xbox 360.
Luminous 2 on the PSP.
Of course, weíve also got Dragon Ball Z, Budokai Tenkaichi 2, Guitar Hero 2 is coming
out.
Weíve got Sopranos and the Sopranos Collectorís Edition, SOCOM US Navy Seals combined Assault
for the Playstation 2, Sega Genesis Collection on the Playstation 2, and PSP.
On the 360, the HD DVD player is coming out this week actually, Gears of War, and then
Viva Pinata, and of course, one of my favorites to sell at least, the History Channel, American
Civil War, Nation Divided on PS2 and the 360, another budget Activision game for you, and
Blitz Elite.
Thatís it.
Lots of stuff.
Alright, it should be a fun week, but not for my wallet, thatís for sure.
Oh my God, yeah, seriously.
Itís like I want Gears of War, but I kind of am getting poorer.
Well, the two games I wanted this week were Gears of War and Call of Duty 3.
Call of Duty 3 is awesome for multiplayer split screen.
Changing topics completely to something thatís already out but maybe we didnít know about
thatís in stores, one of our listeners actually, I recognize this guy, El Mullet, made a recent
post recently on DDRFreak.com about something he spotted at a local store.
He spotted Dance Dance Revolution, the DVD game.
He saw this at Best Buy, and you might be thinking, ìOh, thatís interesting, a DDR
game that you can play in your DVD player.î Well, hereís the deal.
You have a dance pad, but since itís a DVD game, it doesnít plug into anything.
You just have a dance pad that you can mimic the on-screen stuff to with the dance pad.
Basically, this is what it is.
Itís an interactive DDR game that can be played on a DVD player.
It has a dancer named Roxy that teaches you how to play the game in over 30 dance sessions,
and this will train you to play with the DDR console games.
The DDR mats are strictly just for show.
Itís put out by imagination, and it retails for 30 bucks.
Why donít they just put it as a training mode for some of these console games?
A lot of people are going, ìOMG, lame!î Thatís basically the response.
But whatís interesting about this is that some folks have also been bringing up, ìWell,
this is a way for folks who canít really afford the whole system and the more expensive
game and everything, a way to at least learn without maybe having the embarrassment of
the game telling them they suck.î I donít know.
Also, if you donít have a dance mat and you donít have the game, dropping $70 or $49.99
or whatever for the game, the dance mat is a little much, so maybe $20 for a DVD is not
so bad.
Iím kind of surprised itís not even one of the plug-and-play games like the Strawberry
Shortcake DDR or what have you.
This guy, El Mullet, searches the stores up and down for strange products to share with
the Internet.
DarkSakra serves the web up and down to find strange and exciting websites to share with
all of you guys.
Itís called the Website of the Week, and DarkSakra is going to tell you what her browser
is looking at right now.
The website of the week, after lots of looking, is the Catsite.com.
Yes, itís a site all about cats and how to take care of them.
It has things about kittens, it has things about cat toys, cat furniture, and cat behavior,
hairball care.
I recommend going to the Catsite.com.
Yes, I have a cat.
There is Shermy, and Shermy has benefited from this site.
I have to admit, I prefer DailyKitten.com for my cat needs.
My cat-loving needs.
Daily Kitten is cute, but I was trying to give something practical.
Or StuffOnMyCat.com.
Iíve already done StuffOnMyCat, remember?
Thatís right, you did.
A long time ago.
They need StuffOnMyBaby.com.
Wow.
I think that would be funny because people put weird things on their babies.
I donít know if you should encourage that.
Is there one already?
Oh, Iím worried Iím going to get porn or something.
Letís try this.
www.stuffonmybaby.com.
Oh, this page is parked free courtesy of GoDaddy.com, just like half the other websites on the internet.
How nice.
So I guess thereís no Stuff On My Baby yet, but Go Daddy says thereís one coming soon,
as soon as someone buys the domain from them.
Iím telling you, the Stuff On My Cat, they needed the Stuff On My Baby because people
dress up their kids really stupidly.
I have a Stuff On My Cat calendar now.
How about Stuff On My Politician?
I donít know, lame transition, but I wanted to point this out.
Game Politics ran an interesting story this week about Rick Santorium, who has a campaign
commercial going on, and basically heís this ultra-conservative guy, and heís bragging
about his support of video game violence initiatives, taking a stand against video game violence.
But what should be noted about this commercial, that Game Politics points out, is that in
the commercial, Santorium delivers to the face of one of the wrestlers, towards the
end of the commercial, an elbow.
He elbows this wrestler in the face.
So this whole commercial is about being anti-video game violence, and then he is violent against
a wrestler in the commercial, and pretty much anti-video game violence, pro-real violence.
Thatís this guyís platform, anti-video game violence, pro-real violence.
Why is it simulated when you can go do it?
You know what the conservatives want?
They want you to put down the video games, and they want you to go fight in the real
war.
Well, you know, itís kind of not just conservatives in my mind, because it was Hillary Clintonís
thing too.
Itís kind of all across the board.
I think thereís just a general ignorance among politicians in general, no matter what
party theyíre with.
We need to re-educate them by voting them out of office, because if youíre over the
age of 18 and playing video games, then you should be doing your research on which legislator
is wasting their time trying to support all this stupid legislation thatís not going
to go through or anything.
So do your research.
Election Day is coming up.
You know, thereís actually, I want to change my website, because this one, and Iím just
trying to verify that.
Wait, wait, do we need theÖ
We donít need the music again.
Are you sure?
Iím sure.
Are you sure youíre sure?
Iím trying to verify the name of the site, because Iíve been there before.
I think itís like VoteSmart.com or SmartVote or something like that.
I have the website saved at my home address, unfortunately.
You know whatís funny, though, is because this part usually goes up on Wednesdays, Election
Day will have already passed, so maybe itís kind of a move point now.
Maybe we should have done this story in Part A. Oops, oh well.
No.
Well, anyway, people should be going there anyway.
Alex in our chat room says, ìI nominate Rob for the Gamersí Party ticket with Jamie as
his Vice President.î Thatís nice, except Iím not 35.
Almost, but not quite.
Well, if anyone at least is Democrat, moveon.org has a lot of good stuff on the issues, too.
Anyways, so the last fall update, not only is it making it hard for people to have modded
consoles, but itís also making it harder for people that cheat on their gamer scores.
Thatís right, the people that are using game saves to unlock achievement points are going
to have some trouble, because apparently the last update they did has brand new ways on
locking game saves, including this brand new hybrid locking mechanism that will prevent
players from trading game saves so that they can inflate their gamer scores, or e-penis.
Basically there are three ways to hack your G-scores, and basically there are three different
methods.
Save games dating from the launch to March and April that were unlocked and you can be
traded with other users.
Games after that have been locked to specific consoles, but people are hex editing them
to change the console ID.
And then, of course, certain arcade titles and some of the launch games are also profile
locked and only on those profiles can you play them, so people are cheating that as
well.
Very interesting, but Iím sure people are going to find a way around it, because they
always do.
Moving on, we want to take a minute to travel around the world a little bit and talk to
you guys about some upcoming festivals in various places, because we talked about the
Game Pro thing earlier in the show, weíve talked about E3, but these are all things
that happen in America.
Of course, you know the other big shows that happen, thereís the one in Germany, thereís
Tokyo Game Show, thereís other game shows in other parts of the world where we have
listeners.
I know we have listeners in Canada and the Arcadia Gaming Festival is going to be taking
place November 10th through the 12th at the Stade Unipree in Montreal in Canada.
Itís going to be a very big event, theyíre saying, and theyíve got sponsors including
Nintendo, Microsoft, and Ubisoft.
The website says, ìArcadia is an interactive experience that will awaken your senses and
emotions in a fantastic world of multimedia projections.î Does that mean everyoneís
getting high?
I donít know.
Anyway, tickets are $20 Canadian for all three days, and there is a service fee with that
though, so hopefully no more than $25 Canadian, thatís about $22 US by the way.
Montreal is not that far for a lot of folks who might be in the northeastern states who
might want to take a trip to Canada to check out some gaming festivals.
Have fun.
Also traveling around the world, Australia has a very interesting point of view now.
Basically theyíre bringing in virtual taxation.
If you earn money, you have to pay taxes, so for anyone doing profits online or playing
games like Second Life or World of Warcraft, the quote by a spokesperson for the ATO says,
ìIf youíre getting a monetary benefit, then itís not treated any differently.
Normal rules apply.
Your income will not be treated any differently than if you earned it working nine to five
in an office.î So basically for anyone who earns money via their internet addictions,
then youíre going to get taxed.
Hereís where I have a problem with this.
If theyíre going to count that as earnings, then I want to be able to count my losses
and I want restitution for that.
Thatís why I think it would be fair.
If you want to go one way, youíve got to do both.
You canít have the cake without paying the money.
I donít know.
Thatís a bad analogy.
Whatever.
I had nothing.
But I want damn money for losing tons of money in an online game.
I think thatís only fair.
So, the big trend with Japan and actually the United States and portable consoles is
releasing them in multiple colors.
Well, youíre going to get three brand new colors in Japan for the PSP.
Thatís right.
Theyíre going to be getting pink, silver, and metallic blue and unfortunately none of
those will enhance the PSP in any way other than making them aesthetically pleasing except
for me, the pink one, which looks stupid.
Should you spend your money on this?
Probably not if you already have one.
But if you were really waiting for a silver or possibly pink PSP, then nowís the time.
I donít know.
Hooray.
I want a pink PSP.
Not.
Wait.
Miklotov is the one thatís the color whore when it comes to systems.
Youíve totally taken systems back and traded it just to get a blue DS and stuff.
Yep.
So do any of these new color PSPs interest you?
The blue one.
Of course.
I honestly really want it.
I saw the picture and I was like, ìWow, itís a blue PSP.
I need it back.î
When I was at Yalicon, there were three guys sitting in a row and each of them were playing
a different color DS.
Thatís cute.
I have a pink GBA.
For like $20, you can buy replacement cases that are different colors.
In fact, they have additional colors other than G3.
You do not need to actually buy an official Sony system to get a different color.
Theyíre available out there in almost any color of the rainbow.
Why people do this is beyond me, but they do.
You know what I thought was interesting is I was at the mall today and I didnít notice
how many freaking kiosks they have in the mall that are dedicated to PIP my iPod.
They had all these places that sold the iPod stickers or whatever little encasings they
have that you can put SpongeBob on your iPod and stuff and you can pretty much do the same
thing with the PSP.
You know what I havenít seen this year?
What?
The knockoff Nintendos.
Maybe they finally got pulled.
Didnít they get sued years ago or something?
I donít know.
That doesnít stop people.
Maybe they didnít sell well.
I donít know.
Oh yeah, laws.
Theyíre going to put laws in place to stop the black market.
Oh, thatís going to work.
Well, Microsoft is hoping that this will sell well, if it is true anyway.
This is in rumor status right now, but it certainly seems plausible.
The rumor is that Microsoft will begin offering downloadable HD movies later this month.
Supposedly itís going to launch around November 22nd and 1,100 hours of video would be available
to rent or purchase through an Xbox 360 connected to Xbox Live.
Rentals would be $4 for a 24-hour viewing period and purchases would be from $10 to
$15, very similar to pay-per-view and iTunes.
I donít know if Iíd buy this though, because to me this kind of nerfs the HD DVD player
if theyíre going to move this direction, right?
Not necessarily, because youíre only going to have so much room on your hard drive to
fit movies.
Yeah, thatís the other thing.
Thereís no room.
How would I purchase movies permanently with a 20-gigabyte drive?
Well, I donít know, but hereís the other thing too.
The last update, the fall update, does have content expiration built into it, so they
could do this if they wanted to.
Thatís one of the things that they just added.
So it kind of seems a little coincidental if theyíre going to be implementing this
pretty soon, that they just added a feature to be able to cause your content to expire.
I donít know.
It just seems a little soon for this.
I still think youíre kind of nerfing the HD DVDs if you do this.
Well, theyíve got to compete with the PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 3 is all about the e-distribution
stuff.
Weíll see.
Justin in our chat thinks this is going to fail as the DivX format did back in the late
ë90s.
I donít know, because you can buy them.
Theyíre going to have to announce a bigger hard drive is what theyíre going to have
to do.
What are you going to do when youíre done with a movie?
You delete it and you can just re-download it again later or something and itís still
yours?
Iím thinking the drives are not big enough.
Possibly.
I mean, I guess there was a screenshot leaked a while ago that proves that thereís a 60-gig
thing on the way, but still, most of us are stuck with 20s.
You know?
I donít know.
It doesnít make sense.
Justin thinks they can stream the movies.
They can keep a database of which ones you bought and stream them when you watch them.
I donít know.
That wouldnít necessarily work, depending on how bad your service is.
It really depends on how good your connection is or how not good your connection is.
Weíll see.
And of course, Bandit wants to know, ìWhen does the Wizard get released for the 360?î
I donít think it would, because it was a Nintendo commercial, so they donít want it.
But I donít know.
I could be wrong.
One thing that we want is your e-mails.
Every week we invite you guys to e-mail us at MailBag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, and we
pick a few of our favorite letters that hopefully youíd like them too, and we read them here
on air.
So please, why donít you drop us an e-mail, MailBag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, and the
Dark Sakura is going to read some of her favorite e-mails right now.
Well, weíve got quite a number of e-mails now, all going to be read by the ferret, so
hereís the first one.
Okay, never mind.
First e-mail comes from Wolf.
I actually have two e-mails, so Iím just going to read them together, because actually
I sort of am happy about one.
ìSo this goes out to Jamie.
I have a lot of respect for your taking a moral stance about the whole selling a game
system for two to three times the value when someone who canít enjoy it has to pay that
much.î
Actually, that makes me feel very good, because I believe morals are becoming slowly corroded
over time, and I think somebodyís got to have them, so thank you.
One for Rob, ìI think youíre the one who plays Final Fantasy XI, right?
Did you quit before or after the whole chocobo-raising update?î
I did a little resurgence back into Final Fantasy XI, right when they did the chocobo,
but it only lasted about a month.
Miklotov was the one that kind of suckered me back into Final Fantasy XI, but I quit.
I think I got Coursera to level 14, if that, and then quit.
I did get a chocobo, and I raised it, but not past baby stage.
ìOh, Fatty Bon Bon was the name of my chocobo, Fatty Bon Bon.î But then I quit, and now
Iímó
I remember you had a little Kim back in the day.
That was actually my mule, so it was a secondary character I had named Little Kim.
Maybe someday Iíll go back to Final Fantasy XI, but right now itís all about Final Fantasy
Star Universe, as far as MMOs go.
And Final Fantasy XII, hello!
Lots of stuff to be playing.
Well, as far as other e-mails are concerned, we have one from AZHP again.
Okay, it says, ìHey guys, AZHP again, reporting back from Stonetowns, Karaoke Revolution presents
American Idol dealie.
Everyone at the competition sucked and no one got more than 10k points out of like 100,000.
But anyway, my thoughts on the game.
Better song selection than the previous Karaoke Revolutions that Iíve played, but the whole
American Idol thing is neat, but not very well implemented.
I got sick of hearing the three judges say the same comments for every single person,
cause there were only a few sound bites for each judge.
Also since itís on PS2, the character models are funky and disproportionate, and not in
a good way.
And when they talk, the lips donít sync up.
Also, the pitch recognition still needs work, judges a little too harshly, just like all
the previous games.
A decent party game, but not great.
Yeah, thatís not surprising.
Well, I think itís not done yet either.
No.
Well, no, isnít it?
Were they talking about the little tour theyíre doing?
Yeah.
I donít think thatís a final build.
No, so I wouldnít totally base your opinions on that build.
But, you know, itís going to give you the general feel of the game, at least.
Well, we got an email coming from Brandon from Texas.
Knowing how much you all seem to be bugged by Mr. Kudaragi, here is a reason for the
Nintendo hardcore to hate this guy.
People say heís bad to the customers, eh?
He was the person who convinced Nintendo to make a CD attachment for the NES with Sony.
When Nintendo went with Philips after getting angry over the Sony contract, Sony stole the
technology that Nintendo worked on for it and made the PlayStation with it.
So everyone has a reason to hate this guy.
Thought it might interest you all.
Yeah, Sony was supposed to be working on the CD drive for the SNES at the time, but yeah,
there was a bunch of big fallout over that.
I think there were evenóI remember back in the dayódidnít they have image prototypes?
Well, images of the prototypes that Sony was working on back in the day?
I seem to remember in Nintendo Power years ago, there was some type of prototype picture,
but you know, this is so long ago.
Yeah.
But thatís still an interesting point, one that not everyone is aware of.
Got an email from Alex, it says, ìHey, O.L.R., Alex from chat here.
I suspect Iím too late for mailbag 207.î And or that the story Iím going to touch on
hasnít come up on the show yet, but oh well, Iím going to talk anyway.
ìIím pretty sure that last week you reported on the fall update for Xbox 360 being on Halloween,
which it was.
However, nobody knew how bad this update was.
A lot of people were having trouble with the thing not installing.
This is now fixed, but thereís another problem.
The update effectively bricked consoles.î Yeah, we had actually brought that up in Part
A, but I thought it wasó
This is right at the top of this part, but thatís alright.
Actually, our listener, that listenerís in chat tonight.
Yeah.
So heís the same guy who said he had a bricked console, so.
But I still think it was interesting that, you know, weíve got people who do have more
thoughts on that one.
It was the final comment on here that made me really think about it.
Itís way too close to the PS3 we launched for things like that to be happening.
Good point.
Another email comesó
But wait a minute, though, at the same time, you know, partóat least the rumor or whatever
is that part of the reason Microsoft did this now was to put out their 1080p support so
Sony couldnít say any longer that theyíre the only console that can do the true HD.
So at the sameó
But how well did they test it?
Well, maybe they rushed it, and this wasnít the time to be rushing things, so Iíll buy
into that.
We have an email from Warrior Bob.
Warrior Bob is cool.
Hey, guys.
I heard the discussion this last week about Konamiís acquisition of the In the Groove
franchise.
I figured you probably will get a million emails with reactions to this, so Iíll leave
my opinions aside as to whether I think this is a good or bad thing.
I did feel, however, that the situation wasnít portrayed entirely accurately.
Rob seemed to categorize In the Groove as a fan tribute, but I think what he was thinking
of was StepMania, the open-source fan game that emulates DDR very closely.
In the Groove is a commercial game from Rockstar Red Octane and not a tribute of any sort,
although some resources are shared between the projects, some code, and I believe some
staff were involved in both In the Groove and StepMania.
The settlement implies that marketing and sales of a game of such similarity does constitute
infringement that is on Rockstar Red Octaneís and not StepManiaís, as they have never sold
anything.
The fan tribute remains free of both charge and litigation as far as I know.
Please let me admit my bias here for the sake of fairness.
At one point I worked with the StepMania team on a very small level, helped write a manual,
check out the In the Groove 1 Arcade credits as they used part of it, but I do feel I have
an interest in seeing their work represented correctly, hence this email.
So while corrections aside, I do continue to love your show and look forward to the
next one.
With all due respect, no, I meant Fan Tribute and I still feel thatís how I feel the game
is because if you look at the folks that developed In the Groove, half of them were posters on
DDR Seattle before In the Groove ever came out, so maybe it wasnít called a fan tribute
like StepMania was, but in my mind it was that fandom of DDR and they probably all met
each other on this forum and stuff that caused them to make the game.
I think it was love of DDR that spawned it, but in the end itís all about the dollar
and they did steal the idea.
And that was kind of part of what I was saying last week is that I kind of felt a little
bit bad because I feel like it was an innocent thing and they really did just want to make
the concept of dance games better until the dollar came into play and I think Rock Store
stepped in and all this stuff, but then again we had Renee here last week who says sheís
had interaction with these folks and theyíre a little bit uppity.
I donít know, Iím not going to speak because I donít really know these folks, but I will
say this.
I do remember that they would post on their forums years ago.
Folks used to ask, ìWhat is your legal angle on this?
How is this game legal?î and they would just say, ìDonít talk about it.
Weíve got it covered.î And now itís kind of like, ìYou know what?
You got served.
Why were you so huffy and certain and full of yourselves?î Thatís kind of the one part
I do see where maybe there was a little bit of ego there.
They should have been a little more humble in dealing with that side of it.
I still think that the product was well-deserved.
You donít take somebody elseís idea and try to make money on it.
Itís like how I would feel if someone had taken my art and traced over it to make any
picture.
Itís like, ìOh, but we love your style.î That doesnít matter to me.
You stole my art.
Thatís how I would feel.
Anyway, my font is very strange on the e-mail, so I apologize.
I think itís Schwal 22.
Yeah.
You know what?
This is funny.
This is somebody who I met on Xbox Live.
I think we randomly played a game of Scramble?, I think was the game, and now he listens to
the show.
Itís kind of cool.
Thatís pretty cool.
Just to explain, my Lís and my 1ís look the same in this font.
Hey, folks.
Love the show and the info.
I just have a few questions about the Wii before its launch.
I read today, Friday, on a site that starts with ìcoî and ends with ìtakuî lol.
Anyway, I heard that the classic controller will not be able to play GameCube games, but
IGNís Matt Casamassina stated earlier this week that that would be possible.
Any sort of clarity would be good because I donít own a GameCube and may need to buy
the controller.
Lastly, the SD memory cards will not be able to play downloaded games at a friendís house
on his or her Wii.
How is that possible?
I understand the region coding of a system, but how can a system justify where the ROM
ñ thatís basically what it is, the emulators are already on the system ñ came from in
the first place?
How will they expect to sell virtual games when they canít travel?
Oh well, sorry for the long e-mail, just info.
I think everyone should be aware of and keep up the good work.
Itís a very informative show, and sometimes questionable.
Man Cannon and Love HamÖsterÖ
Dude, it really is called the Man Cannon.
Thatís what they said on the sites this week.
It really is the Man Cannon.
What were you going to say, Logie?
I was going to say that the Xbox Live Arcade does not have ñ you canít trade the games
with other people and bring them over.
You can bring over a demo or something like that, but you canít actually bring your full
game with them.
Thatís why your profile is linked to basically your console, so youíre only going to be
able to download them there.
You know whatís interesting?
I was listening to Bobbyís show earlier tonight, and he was talking about ñ because he just
got a replacement console and it screwed up his arcade games because it was tied to the
old console.
But apparently if youíre signed in, if youíre the one signed in on the console and you bought
the game, it will work.
So thatís how you can take it, like you put it on a memory card and you can take it to
somebody elseís house.
Sign in, but itís still linked to your account.
Right.
So you have to sign in.
If you copy the game over, it wonít work for them.
Is that what Iím hearing?
It sounds like itís going to have a little ñ
But Iím thinking what you might be able to do though with that is you might be able to
sign in your account, maybe if you bring your Wii controller and that might work, but right
now theyíre saying you canít just bring your memory card over.
You have to bring the whole console with you, which I donít know about that.
I think you can probably bring your profile.
I think that Wii-Con is going to have ñ yeah, I think the Wii-Con has ñ because they say
that has internal storage in it, so it certainly could have your Nintendo version of gamer
card in it.
Thereís that.
And then, of course, what was the other thing real quick?
Vandalus in our chat room says it sounds like a Steam distribution system.
Yeah, so I donít think thatís really going to be an issue at all.
As far as the classic controller though, you will probably ñ youíre not going to be able
to play GameCube games with that, not at all.
And personally, Iíd recommend just buying a GameCube controller.
Youíd probably find one used right now for dirt cheap, and it would be a lot cheaper
than buying the classic controller, I would think.
Especially third-party ones.
Exactly.
Well, if weíre ready to move on to the next email, we have two left.
This one comes from Chris.
ìHi, O.L.R., when my family and I were taking care of my sisterís little terrier puppy,
Molly, when we took her outside to do her business.
She saw someone walking across the street and bolted after the person to see who it
was.
Upon reaching the highway that we live on, she was struck by a car and was killed.
This being the first death in the family, I was really upset, but listening to your
show helped cheer me up.
Iíd just like to say what a wonderful group of people you are and how happy you made me
feel when you do the show and how you have made my life a little happier.
God bless you all and I hope you keep doing this show as long as you can.î
Thanks for keeping all your listeners in the loop about the latest and greatest in gaming.
Just a few quick questions and a brief rant for you all.
First off, I know that thereís all the news swirling around about next-gen systems and
all that, and Iím still desperately hunting down a Wii order, but there seems to be a
real glut of fantastic DS titles coming out in the next week or two.
I wanted to know what portable titles you guys think are worth our time.
I just bought Phoenix Wright Justice for All, The Import, and Contact last week, and Iím
really loving both of them.
Contactís got a very 16-bit style, great humor, and neat gameplay, and the instruction
book is done up like a live journal, complete with surveys and color bars, and a surprising
lack of emo.
Phoenix Wright is more of the same, and I wouldnít have it any other way.
I saw what the new attorney looks like.
You know, I think your first suspect is Phoenix himself.
The DS is having one of its best seasons ever with games like Magical Starsign, Final Fantasy
3, Children of Mana, Elite Beat Agents, which IGN gave a 9.52, Scourge the Hive, and Touch
Detective.
Yeah, but when does IGN give a score below a 7?
I mean, really, Iím teasing.
Iím sure the gameís great.
Any information or recommendations or any of those you recommend passing on?
Weíll go ahead and answer this part before we move on to the second part of the email.
So what games would you guys recommend?
Iíve heard really good things about Contact.
I actually want to check out this game myself, but itís just too busy of a season for me
to pick up games I donít know much about.
Elite Beat Agents, obviously, is going to be a good one, just because, you know, I love
Owen Dawn, so Iím sure Elite Beat Agents is going to be good.
Final Fantasy 3 looks very promising, but of course, as Iíve admitted in part A, Iím
a whore for all things Final Fantasy.
Yes, it is.
Final Fantasy 5, too, because, you know, the game will advance, and do it in the Advance
port as well.
Miklotov, anything you can think of there for the DS?
Or PSP?
Well, Luminous 2 for PSP, and then youíre done.
What about Every Extend Extra or Work Time Fun?
I never played any of those, so I play Luminous 2.
I almost bought Work Time Fun today, but...
Gun Pay is going to be coming out, which is good, especially if youíre a fan of Luminous.
For PSP, Tony Hawkís Project 8, thatís going to be coming out.
Pimp My Ride, if you like that kind of stuff.
Iím trying to think what else.
Really good stuff.
Thereís a ton of stuff coming out on PSP, SOCOM, if youíre into the first person shooter
stuff.
Justice League is coming out, Marvel already came out, Ultimate Alliance.
Need for Speed, Carbon.
Thereís a ton of stuff coming out on PSP and DS.
DMN in our chatroom recommends Magical Starsign, Alex in our chatroom nominates Pokemon Mystery
Dungeon Blue Rescue Team for DS, and Zappy says ìI heard WTF is horrible.î I donít
know, I liked the demo at E3, it was kind of cute.
Well honestly, graphically, itís a crap game, but play-wise, the things that were in there
were just so crazy and out there, I mean it seriously looks like somebody just programmed
in their spare time, but it is so funny.
Also Pokemon Ranger is coming out, or actually came out.
Right.
Plenty of suggestions for you, my friend.
Well, thereís not too much, given the upcoming busy schedule Iím going to have when I start
school in January, Iíve been trying not to get into too many handheld games because Iím
not going to have free time outside of work, school, and my house to play them, but I am
getting Final Fantasy III, Iíve planned on that, I do want Children of Mana, but Iím
thinking about borrowing it with my friends when sheís done with it, and Iím definitely
getting Elite Beat Agents.
That Iím definitely getting.
Oh yeah, am I getting it.
But keep in mind, we here at OLR have a history of being music game whores, so if you like
your music games, Iím sure youíll like it.
Right now, though, I did just pick up the, I forgot the name of it again, the Surgery
Game.
Oh, Trauma Center.
Trauma Center, yeah.
I remembered Under the Knife and I was like, oh yeah, Trauma Center, and Iím going to
be starting that coming up, so Iím looking forward to that.
I have to eventually steal our copy of Phoenix right from Danís DS so I can play it.
Was that the end of the mailbag?
No, thereís more to this letter.
Oh, Iím sorry.
Iím also going to be playing, Iíve also got Loco Rocco on PSP, which I actually love.
To finish up with the emails, also I just wanted to rant briefly about the PS3.
Iím trying to want this system, but weíve got a Devil May Cry with no Dante and no Devil
Trigger and Metal Gear Game with Snake committing suicide.
Whatís next, a Street Fighter where Ryu gets tired of fighting?
To end things on a happy note, what are your guysí favorite alcoholic drinks?
I really enjoy a nice glass of Dewarís 12-year Scotch and Pale Ales, Oktoberfest, and other
tasty specialty beers.
Keep on rocking, Mr. Wonderful.
Iíve been getting into wine lately.
I know, arenít I weird, Iím getting snooty.
If I feel like drinking something a little fufu, Iíll have a lemon drop, but if Iím
going for hardcore, I want to get messed up, I would drink an Irish Car Bomb.
If I want to get messed up, I will drink an Adios Motherfucker, thatís what itís called.
I will make them use Patron and not cheap-ass Well tequila or I will be throwing up all
over everybody.
Thatís the one problem I have with an Adios is I donít like tequila, but otherwise itís
a good drink.
I like good tequila.
Olive Garden has this, if you like fufu drinks, Olive Garden has the tastiest mixed berry
daiquiri.
Oh, sangria!
Thatís the other thing Iíve been hooked on lately.
Oh God, yeah, thatís my ultimate fufu drink.
I would say for wines, Iím a very big fan of sweet wines, so I like Umeshu, which is
a plum wine, actually real plum wine with the plums on the bottom of it, oh so good.
And I like Honey Runís, itís elderberry honey wine, itís basically a fruit mead.
I actually drink mead at Ren Faire, thatís the only time I actually have mead, because
when itís hot and youíre having this honey drink, it goes right to your head, and youíre
like, ìWow, Iím drunk.î My beer of choice is Shemay, the premier in the blue label,
and I also like Fat Tire, Bass, Guinness.
Rama in our chat room is pointing out, ìHey guys, you know we have underage people listening.î
Iím answering the email.
Donít drink until youíre 21, or 19 in Canada, or whatever it is.
Or whatever country youíre in, legal limit.
But as far as hard alcohol goes, just give me a good Glenfiddich.
Hereís our moral thing, and we do believe this, we never drive when we drink, always
have a responsible driver, and just drink responsibly.
And donít get drunk every night at home by yourself, because thatís a sign of depression,
I think.
Iím not going to say anything.
I like to have a good beer before I go to bed.
As long as youíre not letting your life turn into a Lifetime movie of the week, thatís
all.
Or an NBC Monday night movie.
We got a last minute email.
Apparently DMN thinks that this guy is gay, Jamieís evil, and Lokiís stupid for hating
Max.
Love DMN.
Yeah, you gotta love the hate mail.
Wait, we didnít get the favorite alcoholic drinks out of Loki and Mikol Tov.
Mikol Tov, do you have a favorite alcoholic drink?
I donít drink anymore.
Why not?
Because I think, well, I wonít say why, but it has to do with some time I shouldnít have
drunk, possibly while I was getting paid to do something.
I see, I see, yes.
But if I was still drinking, I really, really liked all the fruity drinks they had at Dave
and Busterís.
I donít even remember what they were called, but they were so good.
Ooh, chocolate martini.
Oh, the grasshopper.
The grasshopper.
The frozen grasshopperís so good.
Actually, Dave and Busterís has a really good lemon drop.
All right, Loki, make it quick, we gotta get back to games.
Screwdriver.
All right.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is a place to send your emails, and maybe weíll get
off topic for ten minutes talking about booze.
Letís get back into some news.
Excellent.
Anyways, so, weíve got, you know, we mentioned a lot of games coming out recently, and of
course thereís going to be some more games coming out from EA, and during their last
earnings announcement, they announced a bunch of new titles, some not a big surprise, some
pretty cool, including Sims 3, which is a big duh, which is also going to be on the
Wii and Playstation 3, next gen version of Black, a brand new SimCity game and Lord of
the Rings, Crysis and Army of Two were reported to be delayed into the spring, and of course
some other new IPs, or I should say returning IPs, a brand new Road Rash game for next gen,
and of course Burnout 5, itís been announced for a while now.
Dude, new Road Rash?
Yeah.
Funny, I remember talking about Ghost Rider, part A, but whatever.
You know, you want to know, ever since part A now, Iíve had Henry Rollins Ghost Rider
running through my head.
I have to go watch The Crow now.
Okay, but anyway, things that, well, not surprising, Sony is warning of Playstation 3 pre-order
scams.
Theyíve issued a statement saying that websites offering discounted or book shipments have
not been arranged in cooperation with Sony or anyone related to Sony.
The statement itself says such offers are not done with any cooperation from SCEA or
its parent company, SCEA strongly recommends against consumers pursuing such offers as
their legitimacy cannot be confirmed.
We recommend consumers purchase Playstation products only from authorized SCEA retailers
and resellers, which is a big duh anyway.
You know, especially if youíre dealing with something thatís got a limited shipment,
donít order them in bulk when no bulk exists to order.
Common sense people.
All right.
So thatís it.
All right, I wanted to fit in just a quick last minute story because weíre about to
move into the Skype line and the other last minute stories.
Tiger Claw sent me a link to this talking about Best Buy pre-orders, kind of talking
about pre-ordering the Playstation 3.
Apparently at a certain point earlier this weekend, Best Buy customers were able to fill
out pre-order forms on bestbuy.com and it looked legit and everything.
What happened I guess is that some folks actually filled out like 12 to 15 of these pre-orders
using different accounts.
Very interesting.
This site that ran the story here, PS3 Land, actually called a Best Buy sales rep via the
public number and weíre assured that the pre-order process was a system glitch.
Best Buy is not doing pre-orders and everyone will have to wait and everybody that tried
to do a pre-order is going to get a refund.
So if you want one from Best Buy, youíve got to camp out for it.
We have a new 800 number here, actually I should say 877 or a toll free number here
at Orange Launch Radio and because of that reason weíve opened up our voicemails of
the week again.
I guess word hasnít gotten out because we really only got one voicemail this past week
but it was pretty good so we want to play it for you guys right now.
So here it is, a voicemail of the week.
Hey, OLR, itís Paradox Vincent.
Yeah, now on In the Guru versus DDR and how fair Konami is, I agree with Dark Sakura on
it, they just totally stole it and on that note, I just think that Session, Delaunay,
Rock from both and also I wanted to know if thereís any reason that the Xbox 360 version
of Phantasy Star Universe canít play with its PC and PS2 buddies because I bought it
and my friend bought it as well and we were all excited about it for months and months
and we finally get in there and we try lots of different channels and we canít find each
other so we finally end up on Segaís official site and it says ìOh goody, we can play with
Japanese playersî but some of them canít speak English so I donít really see the point
in this and theyíre just kind of losing a bigger server base and I really just donít
see the point in this so yeah, just keep it up with the show guys and Iíll be listening
for a while.
Alright, thank you very much for the voicemail of the week, we appreciate it.
Mikl Tov, youíre a PSU whore, what did you think of the voicemail?
So, because Iíve been playing Phoenix, right?
Objection!
Because youíre doing false testimony, if youíve been following PSU for months and
months, youíd have known a long time ago that the Xbox 360 and the PC, PS2 servers
were separate so you are wrong and you should not lie on the road.
But why, why canít they be on the same server?
Because Microsoft likes to have their own separate servers for everything, and Final
Fantasy was an exception because it was a Squeenix game.
I always thought it was voice chat, it came down to the fact that 360 supported voice
chat within parties.
That could be it too, but you know what, who cares, have them buy a 360 or you buy a 360.
Problem solved!
Everyone play on PC!
Yeah, play on PC.
Iím going to be playing both.
Youíre going to play both?
Iím playing both.
Thatís crazy hard to do.
Youíre crazy.
You are crazy.
How you donít get in the set in that game, I couldnít support more than one character
on one system.
Well, no, a friend of mine is paying for me to play on the PC with her.
So I was like, well okay, itís $10 a month, itís like, what, two burritos?
So I said, well okay, Iíll play on the PC, and itís something I can do while Iím doing
my live journal or doing other stuff.
Thatís how I did PSO.
And I can carry it around on my laptop.
Tell me how it is on PC, like how it controls.
Iím actually looking for, because if I get my iMac, Iím planning on dual formatting
it, so I can run Windows on my iMac.
Alright, well we are looking forward to getting more voicemails of the week.
The phone number is 1-877-GAME-OLR, 1-877-426-3657, thatís toll free in the US and Canada.
Hey, weíll take just about any topic, but what we really want to know is, because we
only really have next week to be able to play your stories on this, we want to know if you
are going to be camping out for a Playstation 3 or a Wii.
And try to keep it under two minutes, but what we want to know is which system are you
camping out for and why.
And what are your plans for camping out?
What story are you going to go to?
Are you going with a big group of friends?
We want to know what your camp out plans are for.
Even if youíre not camping out, we want to know why youíre not camping out and sitting
this one out.
So we welcome your voicemails.
Weíll play some of our favorites next week, 1-877-GAME-OLR, 1-877-426-3657.
Now weíre going to open up the Skype line and take some calls here on Orange Lounge
Radio, and itís that same number, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our user name is Orange Lounge Radio on
Skype.
If youíd like more information on how to interact with our program, www.orangeloungeradio.com,
click on interact with us.
Letís go to the phones.
Hi, youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who is this?
Itís Ronma.
No, Iím just kidding.
Itís DMN.
Hey, DMN.
Whatís on your mind, buddy?
DMN.
Not much.
I picked up Elite Beat Agents and Magical Stars sign over the week here, and Iíd like
to share my opinion of them.
Heís a dirty cheater for giving Elite Beat Agents early on.
I know.
You get it early on.
Whatís your opinion on?
Elite Beat Agents is under the Touch Generations label, which makes me a little more understanding
of the questionable song list, as most people have been questionable of it.
The gameplay is exactly like Oh and Don, it has the same comic book feel to it, itís
freaking hilarious, and surprisingly, a lot of the songs are a lot of fun to play.
The game gets a little ridiculously hard on the medium setting on the last three or four
songs, and it doesnít really adjust well into the next difficulty, because those last
three or four songs on medium are so incredibly hard, and then the first four or five on the
next hardest difficulty are easy.
What Iím curious about, are songs like the Avril Lavigne song and stuff, are they grossly
out of place, or do they somehow work?
A lot of them are grossly out of place, Iíll be honest.
Avril Lavigneís skater boy stage is about a guy driving a taxi across town because some
lady is about to have a baby.
What about Canned Heat, whatís that stage like?
The Canned Heat stage is basically a guy of a Japanese motor company, his son goes through
the rival motor company whoís stolen the plans, dressed up as a ninja.
That makes a lot of sense.
It does.
Okay, what about the other game you picked up, quickly?
Magical Star Sign is a very very good RPG, I would recommend it as more so of a beginning
RPG, I enjoyed it, my only beef with it was that it felt very linear, basically it said
go here, go here, it didnít really make it fun, I havenít had a chance to try the multiplayer
mode on it, unfortunately, so I canít give any information on that, but Iíd recommend
it, itís a fun RPG, itís got a lot of fun little words of text in it, it keeps up with
the times, I would highly recommend it.
Alright, sounds good, well that can go back to that emailer who emailed us earlier looking
for good DS and portable games.
Any other thoughts you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Umm, no.
Alright, then weíre going to another call, hey weíll see you pretty soon, okay?
Alright, take care.
Later.
Alright, weíre going to go to another call here on the Skype line, itís 1-877-GAME-OLR,
thatís 1-877, what the hell are the numbers there, 426-3657, so letís go to another call
here on the Skype line.
Hi, youíre on Orange Launch Radio, whoís this?
Hi, Jeremy Todd 1.
Hey, Jeremy Todd 1, whatís on your mind?
I got luminous for cell phones a couple of days ago.
Oh yeah, I remember Jamie was telling us about that last week, how was it?
Itís pretty good so far, I think they did a pretty good job on it.
I have not heard what to say about it.
Okay.
Iím doing a good job on this.
Isnít it really surprising?
What?
Isnít it really surprising just how well it turned out?
Yeah, Iím glad I bought it, itís $25 and itís pretty good, Jeremy, Iíve got to play
you sometime.
Can you play that one to Cell Network?
I donít know, can you?
I can actually.
Really?
Thatís kind of cool.
Like with Joolz, you could do that.
Oh, thatís cool.
Yeah, Iíve played a few matches with online and thereís no lag either.
Do I hear somebody playing that in the background?
Turn down the damn music in the studio.
Alright, well cool, then I guess maybe this is a mobile game Iíll have to seek out and
find, I donít know, weíll see.
Any other mobile games youíve been playing lately?
No, Luminous is the only cell phone game I bought.
Iím not into cell phone gaming much.
Alright, Jeremy, tell one any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Gears of War Tuesday.
I think that was an endorsement of Gears of War.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Have a good one.
Bye.
Yep, you too.
Thanks.
Bye.
Alright, weíre going to go to another call here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
Well, hello, how are you guys?
Iím good.
Who is this?
You know who the fuck this is, Rob.
If Iím not mistaking from the caller ID, it is the one and only Travis Donovan, who
we announced in part A, is going to be having a show on Orange Lounge Radio pretty soon,
yes?
Yes, Iíve crossed over to the dark side.
Thatís right.
I think years when we started Orange Lounge Radio, you said youíll never do anything
with us, and yet, hell has apparently frozen over.
And to go back to something way back in the USO times, I tried to get over the rainbow,
and I couldnít.
Thatís an in-joke, folks, between Rob and I.
Thatís all right, folks who maybe have been following the Understation Live for years
might follow.
You know we do have some folks here.
Itís still every other year, right?
What was that?
Still every other year.
What, did we do a USO?
No, the old, old joke about being gay every other year.
Oh, thatís all right, itís an even year.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
That means Iíll be gay next year.
Oh, looking forward to that.
All right, what can folks who tune in on Saturday and listen to the Travis Donovan experience,
what do they have to look forward to?
You mean you couldnít tell by the promo?
Well, yeah, it was a little geeky.
Somebody had to fill me in that it was a Doctor Who reference because I didnít get it.
Iím out there.
Itís the trailer.
Itís fantastic.
It is.
It is from the season one teaser that they used for the Ninth Doctor, yeah, the Ninth
Doctor.
Which I think is fantastic.
Iím big, Iím, you know, out there.
Now, youíre going to be doing call-ins on your program as well and doing the chat and
everything so folks can interact with your program just like they can with us, right?
Yeah.
So, if youíre a Doctor Who fan, a Battlestar fan, a sci-fi fan, youíve got to tune in
to the Travis Donovan experience.
Travis Donovan Live, otherwise known as TDL.
TDL, sounds like fun.
What time on Saturday are you going to be?
Starting right now for about 9 oíclock Central Standards, which is 7 Pacific, 10 on the East.
Alright, sounds good.
Do you talk games on your program too?
Are you going to talk any games?
I will be.
Games that Iím currently playing, which is not a lot, but there are games that Iím out
there playing, but we will be talking sci-fi and geek, like I will be going on a tirade
of why Battlestar Galactica is the best goddamn show on television.
Excellent.
And stuff like that, current events, geek shit, stuff that I find funny and with my
twisted brain everybody else should find just as funny.
Now, I know you play music on your program, but at any point will you be offering a podcast
version of your program that has the music taken out or anything like that?
I am looking into that.
Basically, it depends on how fucking lazy I am.
Alright.
Well, everybody tune in on Saturday, come and chat, support Travis and then heíll see
he has to offer his show up in MP3 downloadable format.
Yes, definitely show up and let me know whatís going on.
Be interactive with the show because when one person does the show by themselves, youíll
see how it can turn out if you listen and nobody participates.
Also, Iím going to be putting some links up in the chat room of some of Robís greater
moments in USL history.
Jesus, alright.
I guess just encouragement to listen live to the various OLR programming.
Get Rob blackmail.
Thatís nice.
Yeah, and Iíll have my hate mail section, which I love it because unlike Jamie who has
a sense of decency and politeness, itís all so small, itís a small percentage of her
being.
I, on the other hand, will give out your email address.
No, I was actually going to do that to that one person that emailed twice, but he only
emailed back with yawn, so that means I owned him majorly in the email.
I think I stole my post-it though because it was pretty funny.
Alright.
It should be fun.
Alright, well good luck on Saturday, Travis, and welcome to the Orange Lounge Radio Collective.
You have been assimilated.
No, in all seriousness, weíre very excited to have you on board and look forward to what
youíre going to do for Orange Lounge on Saturday.
Well, thank you.
Thank you for having me.
Iím glad to have an opportunity to continue my train wreck that I call my show and guarantee
controversy for geeks out there on the first show.
My main topic will be why Stargate SG-1 deserves to be cancelled and pull off the air.
Ooh, sounds good.
Actually given what Iíve heard about Season 9, yeah, sadly, I love Stargate, but yeah.
What was I going to say?
Something about, oh, forget it.
I wonít.
No, say it.
No, I canít remember because Iím old.
Tune in Saturday.
Yes.
Thatís all.
Thatís Rob.
Gay Alzheimerís.
Rob, Iím hanging up on you now because I can do that now.
Yes.
All right.
Have a good one, Travis.
You too.
Bye.
Oh, God.
Did we make a mistake inviting him on?
I donít know.
No, but sadly, Iím not going to be able to call in and argue SG-1 with him.
I donít know.
I might call in and debate some sci-fi, but for right now, we got to go to another call
that maybe we can debate with.
Hi, youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
Hey, guys.
This is Foodie Monster.
Hi, Foodie Monster.
Whatís on your mind?
Itís pretty lame, man.
Iíll tell you that this whole East Coast, West Coast thing is high me up the roof, seriously.
You guys are a brave lot, the ones that stay up in the other time zones and other countries
even that stay up very late.
You guys are hardcore.
Youíve earned your OLR badge of honor.
Just every other night.
Whatís on your mind, buddy?
I just wanted to share something that popped up in my mind a few weeks ago and I wanted
to write about it, but Iím just sure I will call.
I remember the one time you guys were talking about how mainstream games are, but you got
to think about it.
Games arenít going to be mainstream until all the markets in the world are tapped, and
thatís not just United States, Europe and Japan.
Thatís South America, thatís Central America, thatís Africa.
Those places also need to be tapped for this segment, this industry that we love to be
really mainstream.
Movies are everywhere.
You can go to a movie theater in Africa if you want, but you wonít find too much gaming
in Africa.
Thatís an interesting perspective.
Iíve never thought about it that way, but I know a lot of folks were joking about how
ìOh, Sony is doing this worldwide launch, but apparently the world doesnít include
Europe when that whole thing went down.î A lot of people sometimes donít consider
any launch thatís been claimed to be worldwide.
I donít think theyíve ever truly worldwide launched a system.
I think, and correct me if Iím wrong, I think the Wii is the closest weíre getting.
They are launching the Wii in a ton of countries, but still, we are missing out on places like
Africa, like you said, certain African countries, and certain South American countries as well.
It goes beyond that.
Thereís no official distribution of games or consoles in South America, for instance,
like not in my country, not in Brazil, not in any countries of America that has official
distribution of games.
Nintendo, I think 10 or 15 years ago, had an official distribution of licensing here
in Argentina, but then they pulled out.
Now, everything you buy is like grey market stuff, itís like click-sync, but only people
import it here, and you pay like, seriously, today a PS2 here is $300.
You mentioned that, wait, you said the PS2 is $300?
Yeah.
Thatís double the price.
I thought you said the PS3, and I was like, ìWait a minute.î
So gaming is more expensive generally in the other countries.
Do you think it would get cheaper if they were to open up like a Nintendo of Argentina
or whatever?
Well, I mean, they should at least have like a Nintendo of or a Sony of at least one continent
to make things cheaper for all the markets.
Is there enough of a demand?
I mean, we have like, I think, five gaming magazines in this country, and we have 35
million people.
I would say yes.
Interesting.
Interesting.
I mean, sure.
I mean, itís not as much, probably thatís why they didnít do it, because thereís not
much market, you know.
Interesting.
I mean, if you consider it with the numbers of the United States or Japan or Europe in
general, itís not enough market, I guess.
Hmm.
Well, we appreciate the perspective from, you know, Argentina.
We appreciate that.
Any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
No, but I have a quick a few of my mocha dice, and now I canít play my backups, which has
to be very sad.
Sorry to hear it.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
Thanks for calling.
Okay.
You too, guys.
Later.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Muah.
One more call.
What, Miklotov?
Okay.
Letís go to one more call here.
Hi.
Youíre on Orange Laundry Radio.
Whoís this?
Hey.
This is Paradox Vincent.
Hi, Paradox Vincent.
Hey.
You left us the voicemail.
Yes.
Ah.
Whatís on your mind?
Oh.
Did it get played?
Yeah.
We actually played your voicemail, and Miklotovó
Called you a liar.
Yeah.
Miklotov called you a liar, because he said if youíve been following the Phantasy Star
Universe thing, like he said in your voicemail, then you would have known that the servers
were separate?
Yeah, I win.
Good job.
You won the case, Miklotov.
Good job.
Yes.
I'm the best finisher.
In all seriousness, paradox Vincent, what's on your mind tonight?
Well I just kind of want to be the advocate to the Luminous Live kind of ordeal.
Yeah, what's on your mind?
Well I actually really liked playing it just on the TV because, I don't know, it was just
kind of nice to get it off of my PSP.
So you have a PSP and you have Luminous on the PSP?
Yes.
And you didn't feel like the Xbox was a lesser value?
You felt that the value of being able to play it on your TV kind of offset all that microtransaction
crap aside?
Yeah, kind of, because I didn't really see it being so overblown, kind of like the Gran
Turismo HD.
Okay, so they have it at least somewhat in check.
I guess that's true.
Now we're starting to see even the EA, like Need for Speed and the Gran Turismo certainly
kind of outdo it in the microtransactions department.
I suppose that's true.
So what else is it that you like about the Luminous?
What does the Xbox give you that the PSP doesn't?
Or is it just the TV plop on the couch and be overcome with all the Luminous around you
that kind of gets you into it?
Yeah, it's kind of that because I just have a really bad CRT screen, but I can still see
just like a giant leap in the resolution.
You know what though?
Miklotov, was that you that was telling me that you thought the increased resolution
was sometimes a problem in Luminous?
Yeah, I think that it gets too bright and it's a little too sharp for constantly staring
at it over and over for hours on hours.
I don't usually have a problem playing video games, but some of those Luminous stages make
me want to have a seizure.
Yeah, that one in the basic pack, I think it's like blue and pink, but it's neon blue
and neon pink.
That hurts my eyes.
It's the stage of the light green and dark green that messes with me.
I hate that one.
I hate that one from the stupid first game.
What other extras will you be downloading, you think, for Luminous Live?
Are you going to get the artist pack and the CPU pack?
What else do you think you're going to buy?
It kind of depends on the artist pack because if they're having Beck and Kenny Shih, then
I'm definitely downloading it from what I've heard from, I think it was maybe Luminous
2 for the PSP that had them.
I'm a giant fan of those.
But if it's like Madonna, Gwen Stefani, and Fergie, then no thank you?
Yeah, kind of.
Do you like that?
The folks that are supporting the microtransactions in Luminous say, I kind of like being able
to build the game the way I want it.
If I don't want missions, I take them out.
Do you like that?
Is that appealing to you?
I am a big fan of the Barbie mode in my games.
I think that that could really work if they added a ton of microtransactions but made
them very small and very typecasted.
Do you think they added charge per skin?
Charge per skin?
In Luminous?
It's different.
That would be awesome because then you could get rid of those crappy songs that you don't
like, like that bird one that's green and white.
I hate that stage so much.
Paradox Vinson, thanks so much for calling in.
We've got to move on.
Do you have any other quick final thoughts for our listeners?
Not really kind of a final thought, but yeah, all right.
Okay.
Have a good one, buddy.
Thanks for calling in.
All right.
You too, guys.
Keep it up.
Bye.
Sometimes it's hard to be under the gun and get that pressure at the last minute.
Think of something clever to say.
Maybe if he wasn't lying earlier, he could have come up with something better.
He admitted you pwned him.
I know because I'm awesome.
What a nice guy.
I would have tried to fight you.
I would have taken you out.
I would have found inconsistency with your testimony then, too.
Do you want to do one more call?
One more call?
We're running a little long.
We have time for one more call?
One more?
What do you guys think?
One more?
All right.
One more.
Sure.
Let's do it.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
It's Zappy from the chat room.
It's who?
Zappy from the chat room.
Hi, Zappy.
I've been playing Medal of Honor for the PSP for the past week and a half, and it's actually
pretty decent.
I don't find this missing second analog actually hurts the gameplay at all.
Wait.
Which game was this again?
Because you're cutting out a little bit.
Oh, sorry.
Medal of Honor for the PSP.
You're saying that it's not as bad as people are saying or what?
Yes.
You just have to use the left analog instead of having both of them and actually be controlling
pretty well.
I actually find the controllers better than the ones on consoles because I'm used to playing
PCT, first person shooters.
Now, Zappy, these usually aren't the type of video games that I play.
Knowing that I'm not usually into the war type of games, but I do like occasional first
person shooters.
I kind of like Prey and I really like my old school Doom and Quake 3 and stuff.
Try to sell me on this game.
What's in this game that I might enjoy?
Well, probably the best part of it is the 3D player multiplayer.
It has all the modes and you can just play anywhere that has a Wi-Fi connection, so that's
a pretty good selling point.
You don't see a lot of PSP games with Wi-Fi.
That's kind of cool.
Okay.
I like.
I think Capcom only has 16 players in it.
Well, thank you for the review of the game.
Any other thoughts for our listeners tonight, Zappy?
Well, I'll probably go to the Arcadia convention next week and I'll give you some hands-on
how it is.
Are you not far from Montreal?
I'm in Montreal.
Oh, right on.
What other kinds of stuff?
Have they been advertising this around town or was this the first you heard of it or what?
Well, I heard from some friends and I also saw it on Joystiq, although I haven't seen
any real advertisements on Billboards, no, not Billboards, but the pamphlets or anything.
I haven't actually seen anything physically advertising it.
That's a little bit worrisome, but hopefully they've had a really strong online campaign
or maybe flyers in the local game stores or something, I would hope.
Well, if this is the second you're doing it, I didn't go last year, but they're going to
have the Wii and a bit change early, so I just want to try it out.
Yeah, that's true because Nintendo is one of the sponsors, so you better believe you're
going to see the Wii.
That's pretty cool.
You can only go to Arcadia.
We want to report and spread the word of Orange Launch Radio to your fellow Canadians.
We love Canada here at Orange Launch Radio.
Great to hear.
All right.
Have a good one, Zappi.
We got to let you go and get the show over with, but have a good one.
Thanks for calling in.
All right.
Have fun at Arcadia.
Later.
All right.
Oh, that was a hang-up noise.
All right.
Well, thank you guys so much for calling in.
We got hammered tonight, that 800 number.
It's given us some new folks on the line, and now some of the folks who used to get
through every week are getting frustrated, but surely you guys can understand we want
to get as many different perspectives as we can, but we're just running a little long
and about out of time, but I will ask really quickly in studio, are there any last-minute
questions?
Those of you guys that didn't get through could always leave a voicemail.
Exactly.
You could always leave a voicemail of the week, so try that.
Please leave a voicemail.
Yeah, please do.
Any last-minute stories here in studio?
Yes, of course.
You first.
Okay.
The last one I have is the one you pointed out to me.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, anyways, I was going to say if you're looking for a PS3 or a Nintendo Wii, there's
a couple of websites you might want to check out.
First ps3seeker.com.
You can check it out.
They actually are tied in with Google Maps, and you can pull up pretty much all the target
locations and what they're getting as far as allocations for the Wii or PS3, and then
of course the Wii would be ps3seeker.com slash Wii.
So check that out as well for the Wii.
And then some other things.
Of course, if you happen to be a fan of Sony, this is probably not going to make you too
happy, but the PS3 is going to be pushing Sony into the red by $1.7 billion.
That's how much money they're going to lose on the launch, which is kind of nuts.
You might want to check your Best Buy here pretty soon, because apparently Gears of War
is in their store right now, or at least it's some Best Buys.
Uh oh, broken street date.
Oopsie.
Oh well.
So you might want to check and see if you can score a copy early, because that would
be pretty cool.
And of course there's a few other things coming to the portable systems.
Geometry Wars is coming to cell phones, which looks interesting.
I'm not sure how well that would play, and then PSP is getting Pump It Up in Korea, so
that's kind of interesting.
And also something that I thought was very strange, the Blu-Ray, since the Blu-Ray drives
are going to be first generation for the PS3, they're going to be kind of slow, so a lot
of the games are actually having you install a good portion of it onto the hard drive,
which is going to eat up lots of the hard drives.
For example, Ridge Racer is going to have you install five gigs of the game onto your
hard drive, and imagine all these other games doing the same thing.
That's going to eat up your 20 gigs or 60 gigs pretty quick.
And finally, with the fall update for the 360, adding 1080p support, unfortunately some
of the Sony 1080p LCD and Plasma TVs are not supported.
Isn't that ironic, isn't it?
Don't you think?
It's like Ray Yang.
Hey, hey, no Alanis.
All right.
There was a story that Loki pointed to me earlier, it was on Dick.com, but I found actually
a bit more about it on magazine.com.
You can find pictures of it by looking for Lego Pinball Machine.
A working Lego Pinball Machine, yes, made out of 20,000 Lego bricks and 13 RCX units.
So that's so freaking cool.
I had one last story here real quick, and this is a juicy one.
There's a rumor going around that Zelda and Twilight Princess might be two player.
And the rumor is coming from both IGN.com and a pre-order ticket from Toys R Us that
both state that Zelda is one of the two players.
So that's kind of interesting, I guess we'll have to find out.
Hmm.
Sure, it's not just a misprint or something?
It could be, but it's two different places, so I don't know, what else?
All right, well, gosh, we're kind of running long tonight, so we had a long bonus segment,
of course, though, that unfortunately those of you guys that listen to us on the audio
blog feed won't be able to hear it.
Sorry, that's just incentive to listen live to us on OrangeLaundryDay.com or on AllGames.com.
Hey, we've got to do something special for the live folks, surely you guys will understand.
DMN has informed me of something.
What's that?
It's DJ Tyrant's birthday.
Is it really?
That's what he said.
Well, happy birthday, that's right, I remember seeing something in the LJ about it, and I
believe he is of the legal age of 21 now.
Oh.
So strippers and booze for you, my friend.
It's also my mother's birthday.
Oh, how nice.
Yes.
My mommy is 48 today.
She told me she was 29, and I said, pardon my French mom, bullshit.
All right, well, happy birthday to all our listeners that have a birthday right around
this period.
Maybe we should have a birthday list, and then right at the end of every show we'll
say happy birthday to these listeners, we'll see.
Anyway, seriously though, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Miklotov, thank you for your rare input, as always, but thanks for being the moral support
you are for this program.
Actually, you hate this show, don't you, so I'm not sure why you come on it, but what's
your final thought anyway?
I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
And don't.
Okay.
Loki, what's your final thought?
Motorstorm looks sexy, despite the fact that it sucked at U3.
All right.
Dark Sakura.
Apart from the obvious reject false icons, I want to go home and play with my toys.
And my final thought is, God, I really want some pie right now, like pumpkin pie would
be awesome.
Oh well, I'll have to wait until next week, and so will you for more Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent radio.
You guys are awesome.
We couldn't do this without you.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
