Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 208 for this November the 12th
of 2006.
And for those that were listening to part A, I went outside, got some fresh air, because
it's getting kind of cold now, so I'm a little bit more calmed down, I'm not quite as hyper
as I was during the first segment.
I apologize if I was a little bit punchy in the first segment.
But then again at the same time I don't apologize, because that's me.
Take it or leave it.
If you don't like what I have to say, there's a thousand other podcasts you can subscribe
to.
And if you don't like what Dark Sakura has to say, mute your podcast now, because here
she goes with another story.
I'm just teasing.
Well we do have a little bit more news regarding the Playstation 3.
They're going to have a universal login.
You'll basically be using the same online ID for every of the online games that you're
going to play.
It's actually going to be not just for the titles that use your, the central buddy list
and the messaging system, it's going to go for all titles.
Basically it's, I suppose to make it easier, more user friendly, so that you don't have
login for this, login for game, login for your mom, login for your cat.
It's all on there.
But they were basically saying that, they were actually saying that specific to resistance
game coming out that is going to be using the same login.
I still feel like, even with this being said, I still feel like we don't really know a lot
about Playstation's vision for online, which just kind of cements in my mind, I don't want
to come off sounding like a Microsoft fanboy, but, because I'm a fanboy of all three, but
I don't, Microsoft seriously has online down.
They're doing it the best and it doesn't look like anybody's going to take the online throne
from them this time around.
So I don't know, it gets very little that we know about Sony's Playstation 3 and the
online stuff.
What I've seen so far though still makes me think that Xbox Live is going to be the superior
online.
As it was last generation, but I would have thought that this generation, the other two
would have been, but Nintendo's really had to play catch up and I think their friend
code thing kind of hurts them a little bit, I don't know.
The friend code thing in that respect though I think sort of protects.
I understand why they do it, but for the hardcore gamer it doesn't make it any easier, you know.
But then again on Live you can also go through, pick and choose, and approve those you know
are your friends.
Right.
And I'm really surprised the other two systems didn't really copy achievements, although
I guess we're hearing that Excite Truck kind of has achievements, but I'm guessing it's
probably like Super Smash Brothers Trophy Room or like a lot of Nintendo games do is
that you collect a lot of crap that you can look at in your trophy room or whatever.
Yay, crap!
I love crap!
Anyway, here's another piece of crap I'm going to have to buy for my Playstation 3 when I
finally get one.
There's going to be, oh I'm sorry, well we heard about the converter, right?
You have to convert your old school memory card into what, the USB so that you can save
things on the hard drive itself.
Well, when you're actually playing the Playstation 2 or PS1 games on the Playstation 3, you actually
create an internal memory card on the system.
There's something you create in the cross media bar and there's a memory card utility
and then you can actually create a Playstation 1 card and a Playstation 2 card, name them
and assign whatever slot it's going to be them.
So it's like you're doing like you're emulating a memory card, which is kind of interesting.
So that's how it's going to work on the Playstation 3 if you were curious.
And I suppose when you copy it over, you'd be copying it into one of your virtual cards.
Makes sense.
That's pretty cool.
I didn't load my virtual hack to run games on the hard drive.
I don't know, but the internal memory card, well they'll just do some firmware update
if you try that crap.
The internal memory cards will have the same storage space as your typical memory cards,
15 blocks on the PS1, 8 megs on the PS2.
You can create as many of these cards as you want though until you run out of hard drive
space.
You can just swap them in and out.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Well, some other interesting things of course are going to be the next big games coming
out for the Playstation 3.
The ones I'm like, you know, waiting for.
For example, Motorstorm, Lair, and Heavenly Sword.
Well, for example, Motorstorm, which is supposed to be a launch title, is now actually February
2007.
Lair, which is also supposed to be a launch title and delayed.
I believe that one ended up for March 2007 release.
And then of course Heavenly Sword, which to me looked like a ripoff of God of War anyways,
is slated for a 2007 release also in March.
And of course their flagship title, Warhawk, is in the summer now, so that's kind of interesting.
But basically another reason why maybe waiting for Playstation 3 is a good idea because some
of the bigger games are coming out later on.
I'm reading our chat room, which is available at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Well over 50 people there tonight, thank you guys so much for joining us.
Let's see, I'm looking at, who said this here, ShadowNextGen said ExciteTruck does have achievements.
It may or may not, I mean, yes we've heard it does, I'm not disputing that part, but
we don't really know how that fits in with the rest of it.
Like you know, the cool thing about Xbox is that I can go online and see what achievements
my friends have and I can see what their score is, and then these other like fan-created
things and Xbox developer community stuff pops up like mygamercard.net, which is a very
cool site, which by the way, we have the OL Army, what do we call it, the OL Army E-Penis
Leaderboard or something like that, where it's tracking all our gamer scores and you're
on there and you're on there and I'm on there, and if you want to join, check out our forums
and put your name in the Xbox Gamer Tag thread and we'll add you to the OL Army My Gamer
Card Leaderboard so you can participate in the Gamer Score Fund, but will the Wii have
anything like that?
I don't think so because I think if it did, we would have heard about that by now.
Now that's not going to break the system, it's just kind of surprising that they didn't
embrace the online in that way, because I think not being online kind of killed them
last round, but that's just my opinion I suppose, what do I know, I'm just some guy on the internet.
Well back to different PS3 news, and actually a few people have already told me their experiences
with this, you can go to Target now and see if they have the PS3 kiosk, the game's available
on Motorstorm and NBA 07, but according to one of our listeners, it crashed I think every
what, five minutes, I believe that it was JV Mon mentioned it.
What was it overheating or what was it doing?
Oh, at Best Buy, sorry, it was the one that Best Buy was breaking every five minutes,
but there's the playable kiosks.
Well that was kind of happening at Tokyo Game Show too, but I guess it was a different environment.
I'm not surprised.
Interesting, well as long as it doesn't do the same thing in my house, that's all I care
about.
Just open the back end of it and put it on a rack-mounted server, because that's apparently
the only way it was staying on.
Anyways, of course like most anything else that's being released nowadays, right as it
comes out, it's going to be upgraded, and of course that's the same with the PlayStation
3, you will be getting a firmware update on launch day, and it will basically allow you
to utilize the PlayStation Network functions, so not a big surprise, but they're doing the
same thing with the Wii when that comes out there, you have to do a firmware update as
well for that.
But I don't know, I guess in order to get the units out there, they have to launch early
and be able to get them manufactured, and if that means adding a firmware update later
on so that they can get those units out there, if they find more bugs and stuff, then so
be it.
If they have to wait for this final firmware, they might be getting 2 PS3s instead of 400,000.
What I think is interesting, something I was talking about during the break, is that one
game I wanted was NBA Live 07 for the PlayStation 3, yes there was a sports title I actually
wanted, well guess what, I'm not going to be able to get it, because EA cancelled it.
They're saying in a statement, quote, we are concentrating our efforts on creating a spectacular
NBA Street home court instead of porting NBA Live 07, and home court will be coming to
the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 early next year.
All the work that they've done on NBA Live 07 will be instead headed on over to NBA Live
08.
Home court, if I remember correctly, I believe is coming out, I want to say January or February,
so it shouldn't be too bad.
There was also a lot of other PlayStation 3 delays coming out, pretty much with everything,
as we mentioned earlier we were talking about Rainbow Six Vegas and stuff like that, so
it's not a huge surprise that a lot of the stuff is being delayed.
But anyways, I gotta note, was it home court January or February for next year I believe,
so that's when we can look forward to that.
Well as for other PS3 related news, and this makes me very, very, very sad.
Guitar Hero 2 will not work on the PS3, in fact in a quote released by IGN, they said
they assumed that Guitar Hero and the sequel would work perfectly well on PlayStation 3,
unfortunately that doesn't seem to be the case when you pop in a PS2 or PS1 game, you're
prompted to tap the PlayStation button on the controller.
They're basically saying that since the controller doesn't have the button, you can't actually
activate it, and you can't swap out the controller to change it in, because you'll need to turn
on the analog, and of course the SG doesn't have analog.
So in other words, one of the biggest PlayStation 2 games to come out in the past year will
not be working on the PlayStation 3.
There is no physical way to make it work.
So would that go the same with say, DDR, BeatMania, anything that uses an additional controller?
Well it's interesting because I have a last minute update here, Bamani Style just posted
a story this evening, because you know the PS3 is out in Japan now, and they're trying
some backwards compatibility there, and they're saying Pop'n Music 4, 5, 6, and Animation Melody
have problems with the keynotes and backgrounds, Pop'n Music Disney has timing issues with
the background music, Pop'n Music 2 is missing some images, and let's see, BeatMania Best
Hits has timing issues, 6Mix and Core has background music, as well as BeatMania The
Sounds of Tokyo, the timings off in Gotta Mix, some of the graphics don't appear in
Gotta Mix 2, and DDR Max 6Mix, the background doesn't always play correctly, which of course
is the essential part of DDR is to have your music play on time incorrectly, so it pretty
much makes the game unplayable.
Are you talking about the background videos though?
No, background music doesn't always play correctly, which is kind of something you need.
Now in BeatMania 2DX 3rd Style and 6th Style, some of the graphics are altered, they're
just not showing up correctly, but I guess the games are still playable, so that's interesting
though because we're just looking at one genre of games, and that's already, that's a huge
list of issues for one very narrow genre of games, so now granted a lot of these, especially
the pop and music titles, a lot of those are PS1 and very old, the BeatMania titles as
well, but still, is that 100% compatibility?
No, and I believe they're talking about 99.9% compatible games, and that's a pretty huge
chunk out of the games right there, and they're saying that those are not compatible, oops,
I guess we forgot to play all the music games, darn, I guess those aren't big name stuff.
This is going to sound really random, but in Phantasy Star Universe, I was laughing
tonight because a character joined my party, and his name was Kootaragi, and I don't think
it's a pun or anything, but the guy's name is seriously Kootaragi, so it's funny because
somebody set him on fire, so it was like, Kootaragi's on fire, Kootaragi's on fire,
it was funny to me in that moment.
He was not wearing a helmet, nor was he eating crayons, but he was on fire, running around
on fire.
So now we have him eating crayons, wearing a bicycle helmet, leashed to a jungle gym,
and on fire.
Well, someone who thinks Kootaragi should put down the crayons is Nolan Bushnell, you
might recognize him as one of the founders of Atari, or the founder of Atari, he's the
granddaddy of Pong, he said, quote, earlier this week, I think Sony shot themselves in
the foot.
There is a high probability they will fail.
The price point is probably unsustainable.
For years and years, Sony has been a very difficult company to deal with from a developer
standpoint.
They could get away with their arrogance and capriciousness because they had an installed
base.
They have also historically had horrible software tools.
You can compare that to the Xbox 360 with really great authoring tools and additional
revenue streams from Xbox Live.
A first party developer would be an idiot to develop for Sony first and not the 360.
People don't buy hardware, they buy software.
P.S.
I'm a big Microsoft fanboy.
Just kidding about the P.S. part, but that's almost what it sounds like there in that little
statement.
Some interesting comments there from one of the granddaddies of gaming.
You know, I saw an interesting comparison on one of the blogs today that talked about
how the PlayStation 2 came out a year after the Dreamcast, and everybody said Dreamcast
has better games, Dreamcast can go online much better than P.S. 2 can, Dreamcast can
do all this, but yet Dreamcast failed, so people are saying, well, Xbox 360 has got
the better games, Xbox 360 has got the better online, will history repeat itself?
We have to listen to him because he bought us Pizza Time Theater.
I have to say there's a big difference here, though, something that wasn't considered in
the article.
Dreamcast didn't play DVDs, and at that time DVDs were just breaking, and I think, you
know, in this assumption, and of course you're going to say, well, Sony plays Blu-ray, and
Microsoft doesn't have anything next-gen built in.
I think the consumer market's in a different place right now, though.
I think at that time, consumers were ready to move to DVD, DVD was already somewhat established
and everybody knew it was the next.
This time you have a split.
People are reluctant to go to Blu-ray or HD DVD because they don't know which one's going
to be the winner.
You know, most casual people I talk to, I go, hey, you're going to get a Blu-ray?
They go, what's that?
You're going to get an HD DVD?
What?
I have a DVD player.
What?
I have an HDTV.
No, you're going to get an HD DVD.
What?
Well, I don't know if the consumer market's in the same place it was.
Exactly.
If you mean their head up their butt, then maybe.
Anyways, other interesting things about, also we were talking about the backwards compatibility
on games and how it's not working.
Well, one thing that won't work, and it's not very, you know, a huge surprise, but Japanese
PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 1 games will not play on an American PlayStation 3.
Because the games are region coded, the PlayStation 3 will not play games, whether for PlayStation
1 or PlayStation 2, from other regions, but that'd be cool if it did, but it just doesn't.
I just want to jump in real quick here and notice that, or note that Travis, who hosts
our show here Saturday Nights on Orange Launch Radio, Travis Donovan Live, just sent me a
link to a story over on IGN where they've been logging all these backward compatibility
issues with PlayStation 3, Tekken 5 has a number of modes that don't play background
music correctly, Xenosaga Episode 2, the opening movie, sometimes stops, Mega Man X7, background
music won't play properly sometimes, Devil May Cry, screen sometimes freezes during the
title demo, Suikoden 3 can't read PlayStation 1 data during the game, Silent Hill 2, when
going from title to demo, the screen may freeze, issues, that sounds like a lot of games, maybe
that's what the day one firmware update's all about, who knows.
Well, they've already gotten those day one firmware updates with that system right there,
so oopsie.
Good point, good point.
All right, well anyway, let's head on over to our mailbag and see what our listeners
think of all this console mania going on this week.
Every week we invite your emails at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com, and DarkSakura puts
on the rubber gloves and dives in head first into the mailbag and pulls out her favorite
emails to read for you folks.
Don't you DarkSakura?
When I'm ready.
The mailbag this week is kind of sparse, so I'm going to read the top four.
This one comes from My Little Pony Killer.
I love that name.
You know, I was in my local GameStop the other day picking up Gears of War, awesome game
by the way, and I realized the guys there don't know shit.
A classmate of mine came in when I was browsing and asked about pre-ordering Halo 3.
The guy told him about the regular collector's edition and legendary editions of the game.
Here's where the bullshit begins.
He said that the regular edition was just the game.
The collector's edition has a cool case and a making of DVD.
He wanted to say the legendary edition would include two exclusive weapons, the assault
rifle 2 and the spike shot, have the first two games on the second disc come with the
making of DVD, every single episode of Red vs. Blue on a third disc, yeah right, and
have the Halo movie on a fourth disc.
Not to mention the glowing three and a half minute description of the included helmet
replica and how he was going to wear it every Halloween and that he can't believe that Bungie
would include something like that, etc.
My classmate leaves.
I grab Gears of War off the shelf, bring it up to the counter and say, sir, I read the
article in the magazine too and I didn't get out of it what you did.
He replies, well, it's all been confirmed by Bungie, so you should read it more carefully
next time.
Needless to say, I now go to the other GameStop in town.
You know, and Loki, I was thinking the same thing when she was reading that, and when
I was first reading the email, I was like, well, it sounds right so far, and then I got
to the helmet thing, I'm like, wait a minute, wait a minute, you can't wear the helmet,
stupid.
Unless his head's really tiny, maybe he has a tiny head.
Well okay, this reminds me of something I wanted to talk about tonight.
I now have a new favorite game store, and it's because of things like this.
I am sick of going into a game store where I feel elitism coming from the people behind
the counter.
They don't know who I am.
I'm not trying to say I'm better than they are or anything because I have this stupid
video game podcast that I do on the side with my buddies, but they assume things about me
because I'm older and I play games.
They always try to one-up me with game knowledge when I go into certain stores.
I'm kind of sick of that attitude.
I'm not going into game stores to get told what games I should be buying the guidebook
because it's the only way I'm going to get through the game.
That only worked when Dan was a manager.
No.
Well, that's different.
Because he actually does know his shit.
That's different, that's different.
I don't know what it's like in your town.
This is one thing I notice.
I may say that I'm shopping at this particular store, but town to town I notice it's different.
It's totally different, but in this particular town I got fed up with one particular chain,
and now I'm shopping at GameCrazy because I went to GameCrazy, I went to look for a
particular game, and the guy treated me like I was royalty.
I said, I just want the Gears of War regular edition, I don't want the collector's edition
stuff.
Instead of just trying to upsell me and say, oh, you don't know what you're missing, I
was like, okay, I can do that for you.
He went and got the game, and then I was like, do you have Luminous 2?
The guy was like, no, we don't have that in yet for some weird reason.
Let me make a call.
He called another store.
He was going to have it shipped ordered, and he was like, I won't even charge you a pre-order
because the game already came out.
I'm like, oh my gosh, I just got great customer service at a game store as someone who kind
of met me on a peer level and just was like, hey, you're a gamer, you seem to know what
you want, and didn't try to sell me all this garbage.
It was awesome.
That's funny you mention that because my hubby is starting at GameCrazy.
And again, I don't know your town, people.
I'm just talking about my town.
Maybe in your local town the folks at GameCrazy are dicks and you have to go to Best Buy.
I don't know what.
I'm talking about right here, right now, I'm totally having it for GameCrazy.
That's where I'm going to be doing my shopping right now because of good customer service
goes so far.
So if you work in a game store, because I know we have folks that work in game stores
that listen to this program, don't treat your customers like dirt because you never know
who you're pissing off, how many games they might be buying when you're not working.
Can I ask which store you went to?
Which one in particular?
It was the one that is, I don't want to say on air, but it's the one that your hubby used
to work at years ago.
I think I know who the manager of that store is.
I don't care anymore.
It doesn't matter.
It's a lost cause now.
No, I mean the GameCrazy.
Oh, oh, oh, no, the GameCrazy I went to was in the...
Okay.
Sorry.
Sorry.
It's because I actually know about four managers of GameCrazies too.
Well, that's a nice guy.
Well, my experience with...
SSJ100Matt says he was hitting on me.
He was not hitting on me, you jackass.
My experience with the GameStops, usually it's retardation, talking to people, or they'll
try to carry on small talk.
So what games are you playing right now?
I'm like, I don't want to talk to you, I just want to buy this game.
Or they're trying to sell me Splinter Cell Double Agent on the Wii, I'm like, no, I don't
want that game at all.
I always used to hate...
I would go in there and I'd buy something like Prey, and then they go, do you want to
pre-order Halo 3?
I'm like, if I want to pre-order Halo 3, I would have asked.
Okay, Jamie's pointing at the mailbag going, more emails.
Okay, sorry.
All right.
Well, the next one comes from Jason says, I recently bought a 360 and have been trying
to decide whether to get the HD DVD drive when it comes out.
A friend of mine told me that the 360 can't do real HD because it doesn't have an HDMI
connection, but it's hard to have a conversation with him about it because he's so against
the Xbox in general.
So can you tell me if this is true?
Is there an adapter I can get to hook up HDMI or does it matter at all?
Any info is appreciated and keep up the great show, I never miss it.
Doesn't matter.
You can do 1080p either with component or with the VGA cable.
The only thing the HDMI is for is because later on when they digitally sign everything,
way later on once that digital copyright act or whatever the hell they're calling it, digital
broadcast flag, it will require HDMI or something like that to be able to plug into your stuff.
Doesn't HDMI though give a slight better quality that you probably won't even notice with your
regular eyes?
HDMI is basically based on DVI, which is enhanced more over DVI because DVI is just video.
HDMI actually carries a digital video and audio signal on it, but you can get DVI to
HDMI adapters and stuff like that.
In a way you can be able to do it and maybe later on down the line that might be an issue,
but I'm thinking if it is going to be an issue later on down the line they're going to release
some sort of HDMI connector for the 360.
Who is the emailer that just sent that in?
What was their name?
Jason.
Jason.
Okay, Jason, what I want you to do is I want you to stop your playback device right here
and bring your friend into the room and we're going to give a special message to your friend
right here.
Okay, so stop right here.
All right.
Hi, Jason's friend.
This is Orange Lounge Radio and we're here to tell you you're wrong.
Hugs and kisses.
We love you.
I hate to go back to the last email, but we do have some good chat comments and I wanted
to read them.
Travis Donovan is saying, Loki was displaying customer elitism earlier.
Customers who think they are better than the hourly people working there just doing their
jobs.
No, I just don't want to carry out a stupid conversation with them.
I hate talking to people.
That's a whole different story.
I will pretend to be better than them.
That's true.
Loki's just an asshole is what it is.
No, I'm not.
He thinks he's better than you.
He's just a dick.
I'm not an asshole and I do get annoyed when they're giving them wrong information, but
I don't try to correct them because that is annoying.
All I do is I don't want Splinter Cell and they understand that.
They're just trying to upsell and that's fine.
That's what they're supposed to do, but obviously I don't like that and I have to do that at
my work, so I understand.
One more comment, I promise, Jamie, but this is from Brad from Pod Culture and he's cool.
I like Brad.
We got a comment from him.
He was saying the same thing happened to him when he bought Fantasy Star Universe.
They were trying to sell him crap he didn't need because he's an older gamer.
He's 36, he admits.
Their first comment was, this is for your kid?
Dot, dot, dot.
They didn't want to buy my Grand Theft Auto San Andreas because it had the hot coffee
content in it.
Apparently, you can't buy that back anymore, so I guess I got to sell it on eBay.
You know what happens when you assume.
You make an ass out of you and me.
This next email comes from The Afro Guy.
Hey, O.L.R.
I've listened to your excellent show for ages, but this is the first time I've felt compelled
to write in on a subject that we're all very familiar with by now.
My younger brother, 13 years of age, recently brought Bully.
Canis Canim ate it because I think he's emailing from overseas.
He loves it, not for its violence or witty dialogue, but for the fact that it really
does feel like a living, breathing school.
Like most boys of his age, he's watched his fair share of 15 rated movies and played for
hours on Grand Theft Auto.
The other day, our dad watched him playing for 30 seconds and immediately became worried
that the game was too violent, which is totally understandable.
I once watched my brother in the game pick a student up, punch him in the face, throw
him on the ground, and spit on him.
His reaction was, oh, never done that before.
However, I argued that it's no different to movies of the same rating.
What's interesting is that after about a week, he was sent home from real school for fighting.
And that was in quotes, by the way.
Our school does have a notoriously strict policy on violence and such, but it was certainly
a shock to our parents.
My brother claimed it was self-defense that another student attacked him with a bit of
harmless teasing.
And there's a footnote on here.
I love emails with footnotes.
So if throwing a stick counts as harmless teasing, the other kid did pretend to slap
him on the face first, but my brother's description of the events is suspiciously vague.
To go back into the email, naturally the game was to blame and soon it will be on its way
to a pre-owned rack in-game.
Of course he shouldn't have been bought the game in the first place, and while he's previously
played and watched other violent media, I see Bully as different since it takes place
in his school and those acting violently are around his age.
Therefore Rockstar should have been more careful with their marketing and made sure it didn't
interest young teenagers.
I'm certainly not supporting Jack Thompson, who doesn't want anyone to play Bully, but
perhaps video games do have more effect on youngsters than we'd like to think.
Thanks for the showing, keep up the good work, The Afro Guy.
I never got into fights when I was in school, but if I got bad grades or didn't do my homework,
my mom would take away the cords to the Nintendo or have my dad do it because she didn't know
what she was doing.
She'd have my dad take the cords away to the Nintendo so I couldn't play games, so I had
to do my homework.
I think maybe that's what needs to go on in this situation.
If the brother's going to get sent home for fighting, and it sounds a little bit vague,
sounds like it might have been his fault, then obviously he needs to be doing something
a little more constructive with his time than playing games for a little bit.
He needs to be punished.
I do have to say that if it is suspected that that might be the root of his behavior, it's
very commendable that it's being taken out of his hands if that is an influence.
I say if it's proven as an influence, which it looks like there's a lot of at least circumstantial
evidence that it would be, then removing the game is smart, I think, the agreeable thing
to do.
I absolutely agree in some aspects with the anti-video game stuff because not all kids
should be playing Bully, but that's up to a parent to decide.
A parent knows their kid best, or at least a parent should know their kid better than
anyone else, and it's up to the parent to decide, is this game appropriate for my child?
If the child's not going to be causing problems and the child can distinguish fiction from
non-fiction, then they can play the game until the cows come home.
Maybe for other children, it's best that it's in doses.
For some children, they should be reading and not playing games at all.
It just depends on the child.
I can also understand that for at least people of a like age in that game, because it's one
thing for a kid, I think that there's actually a little bit of a reality line difference
in a kid playing Grand Theft Auto because technically they're not adults.
It's something that they know they have no real way of doing, but a kid can go into school
and basically be a bully.
Flow Walk has this funny story that kind of has nothing to do with what we're talking
about, but I like this.
I've only had one fist fight ever in fourth grade.
I made the kid eat grass, but his sister came in and kicked me in the shin with her high
heel.
That bitch.
I've been in two fights in school, honestly.
I've actually had to defend myself from somebody who tried to start a fight with me, but one
time there was this guy, he was the school bully.
I was in fourth grade, he was a fifth grader, and he was going around pushing over the other
kids off the swing set, so I ran up and tripped him and kicked him in the back of the head.
I've never been in a fight in my entire life, but I did get called out to the bike racks
after school once, but I just didn't go.
I was like, what are they going to do?
Call me names?
Oh, gee, nobody's ever done that to me before when I was in eighth grade.
So I just didn't go.
What I found out what happened is that he actually stayed away from me the rest of the
year and started picking on people when I wasn't around.
I can't stand that type of thing.
The only other fight I got in was some girl who was harassing me, so I turned around and
punched her in the nose.
Okay, okay, okay, I have to tell the story.
Make it quick.
She was, okay, her name was Myra.
If you're listening, you deserved it.
She was, okay, I have to say I was picked on in high school.
I was the dark goth, I hate everybody person.
Wasn't Myra the chicken tiny toons that was like, I'm going to love him, excuse him.
Oh, Myra.
Oh, sorry, my bad.
But anyway, she made me drop something that was pretty important.
It was my journal and a couple other books.
She even followed me around for like 15 minutes, so I just turned around and decked her and
she looked so surprised she left me alone the rest of the year.
But did you learn that from River City Ransom?
Did I play River City Ransom then?
I don't know, did you?
I was busy playing Tetris.
No, I have my Super Nintendo.
I have my Super Nintendo.
So did the games make you do it?
No.
I was just tired of harassing me.
It sounds like it was almost like a real-life bully there for a minute.
She was.
Oh, my God.
She was horrible to everybody.
All right.
If she left me alone, I didn't care what she did to anyone else.
Raven's Dolphin says she learned it from Street Fighter because that was on the Super Nintendo.
I did play a lot of Street Fighter back in the day.
There you go, Shoryuken.
All right, next email.
No.
The last email comes from John D. He says, Hey guys, well, yes, this isn't my first email
to y'all considering I just started listening about a month ago.
I had finally played Power of Power Paradise yesterday and found it extremely addicting
in that I was actually really good.
I was playing the eight-plus star songs, which made me laugh.
But to get to my point now, I know that Nintendo hasn't released any good info on the characters
in Super Smash Brothers Brawl, but who all do you think or would want to see in it?
Honestly, I would crack up if I ever saw like a pack of 10 Pikmin raping on Leon from RE4.
With all due respect to the listener, we're glad we got a new listener and a first email.
I feel like we're getting the Smash Brothers question at least once a month, but I'm going
to give this person the benefit of the doubt that maybe they're a new listener.
So welcome to the show, and I don't mean to tease you.
We do appreciate the fact that you sent in an email.
Okay, character that should be in Smash Brothers.
The fanboy side of me would like to see Cloud in it as much as I hate to admit it, but it
does make a good fit.
Don't grr at me.
Cloud is already in Air Guys.
I guess that's true, but that would be cute to see in Super Smash Brothers.
Other characters I'd want to see.
I definitely want to see Tom Nook.
I want to see Tom Nook.
Tom Nook is a bastard.
He'll take all my money.
That'll be a special move.
I want...
Oh.
Do you have somebody?
Little Mac.
Yeah?
That'd be cool.
I think more realistically, you'll probably see Sonic the Hedgehog and Rayman.
Oh, interesting speculation.
Because you've got Ubisoft dedicating, what, seven games to the Wii at launch.
Sonic, which Sega and the GameCube were just best buddies, so of course it makes perfect
sense.
And also to that listener, download some Para Para videos off of YouTube and type Para Para
Girls into YouTube, or whatever it is, Para Para Deluxe or VELFER or whatever.
Put that into a YouTube, and that's what you look like when you play Para Para Para Eyes.
I want Marl from Puyo Puyo in it, so that you can drop a bunch of Puyo thingies on everybody.
That was the last email, yes?
That was the last email.
Well, we're sorry to have to close the mailbag, but if you want to send us an email, you can
do that anytime you want.
Just send us an email.
It's mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We look forward to hearing from you.
We also, by the way, always welcome your voicemails on our Skype line.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR, and we'll go through and play some of our favorite voicemails for
you guys.
Last week we asked, are you going to be buying the Wii or the PlayStation 3, and are you
going to be camping out for any of them, or what are you going to be doing?
We got this voicemail, and I want to play this for you guys right now, one of our voicemails
of the week here.
Hey guys, it's DJ Tyron, just calling in about the voicemail of the week.
Anyways, I will be camping out for the Wii.
I pre-ordered at the electronics boutique that I work at, and I also got a gift card
for Best Buy for my birthday, so I will be heading over to Best Buy after picking up
my system and Zelda, and then going up and picking up a classic controller and points
card and another game over at Best Buy after picking up my system.
And then for a quick question, I'm wondering what other launch titles I should pick up
besides Zelda.
I was thinking possibly Metal Slug or Red Steel.
Anyways, just want to hear your guys' opinion, and hope to hear from you soon.
Keep up the great show, guys.
Thanks.
Thanks for the voicemail.
What do you guys think?
Other launch titles?
Do not touch Metal Slug with a 10-foot pole, and the reason why I say that is because you're
only encouraging SNK to release Metal Slug again and again and again and again.
And to be honest, there's a lot of other games out there.
Dark Soccer, Rebuttal?
I like it.
I love Metal Slug.
Excite Truck, if you can find it.
I would say Excite Truck as well, or Red Steel, or I think the sleeper hit would be Elibits
is actually I think a lot better than a lot of people might be getting.
If you want something right away, Rayman's Raven Rabbids.
It depends what kind of games you're into.
If you're into sports, maybe you ought to be checking out Madden 07.
I say Red Steel all the way.
All right, if you'd like to leave us a voicemail for next week, go ahead and send us a voicemail.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
And what we want to know from you guys is Gears of War.
Today is Emergence Day after all, and I know I'm looking at my friends' list, and I see
tons of freaking people playing Gears of War.
What are your thoughts on Gears of War if you've been playing the game?
Is it the 10 out of 10 game it's being lauded as on blogs and things around the internet?
Or is it just kind of okay?
Or is it maybe crappy?
Maybe you think it's crappy.
You're in the minority of folks there.
Send us a voicemail.
We want to know your thoughts on Gears of War.
If you're listening live here on Sunday night, please wait until after the show to call us.
Otherwise, we get confused.
Anyway, back to the story.
The voicemail topic was, you know, are you going to be waiting in line for a Wii?
And if you are going to be doing some line waiting, Kotaku has some advice for you guys.
They put some bullet points up in an article posted on November 7th called How to Line
Stand.
And some quotes here.
Oh, actually, I guess, oh, I'm sorry, originally this came via some other blog, Random Digital
Musings.
So sorry about that.
I want to give credit where credit's due.
We just saw it on Kotaku first.
Bullet point.
There's nothing worse, and I mean nothing, than taking all this time to camp out overnight
only to find out that the store isn't getting any units.
So yeah, you might want to call ahead and make sure they're going to actually be getting
it.
You must let the person behind you, and maybe even mention it to the lady in front of you,
know that you need to make a short trip to the restroom.
I'm sure they'll appreciate the same courtesy when nature calls for them as well.
Don't forget that November is winter, so dress accordingly.
Rather than walking out of Best Buy as a Target with a big yellow and blue bag, why not bring
something to make your $600 less conspicuous?
Most people who have considered this just go with the ever-popular black garbage bags,
but sometimes those can be just as conspicuous, so maybe you want to bring something to hide
it in so you don't get accosted as you walk out with people going, I'll pay you $1,000
for that, da da da da da da.
Have fun camping in the lines.
We'll be looking for your stories on our Skype calls next week.
Wear deodorant.
Yeah.
Drunami says wear deodorant.
Good idea.
Bring extra.
Just bring extras for others.
Bring the spray kind so you can spray others.
So, other stuff in the news this week, of course, the ESA boss, Doug Lowenstein, better
known for ruining E3, no, but he doesn't want video games to be called video games.
He wants them to be called something better because he believes that video games are kind
of getting this negative stereotype to them.
So he would prefer video games to be referred to as interactive entertainment or entertainment
software.
I don't know.
That's kind of vague to me, but who cares?
They're video games.
That's like saying, let's name the revolution a we.
Are they games?
Yes.
Do they involve video, like a video cassette recorder?
Yes.
Are they then video games?
I think that's not a bad title.
That's there to not understand.
He says he believes that they might not attract as much negative publicity if its products
were categorized as something more serious than a game.
Because entertainment is a serious business.
Oh, really?
Of course, Shadow Charlie gives the answer I'm sure some people are thinking, saying,
how about shut the fuck up?
So if we called, that's kind of retarded because if you think about it, say we called them
interactive entertainment or something like that.
So say for example, there was someone out there that committed rape, and if we decided
to call rape candy, would that make rape any better?
Oh well, you know, candy's good.
I like candy.
Oh crap, I mean, I don't like rape.
I'm confused.
I like candy only when they say yes.
Candy is delicious.
It's just like interactive entertainment could be masturbation, right?
That's something you have to interact with, right?
They're basically saying the critics of video games always equate games with toys and thus
with children, and so they kind of treat it badly.
Here's my thing, the critics of video games a lot of times don't do their research.
Just like a lot of people coming out talking about Bully hadn't played the game, didn't
know anything about the game other than what people have told them about the game, or claimed
to have played it online despite the fact that it's impossible, I think that no matter
what you call gaming, it's still going to get criticized by stupid people, and it doesn't
matter how you dress up a turd, it's still a turd, so that's basically it.
Wow.
Alright.
Well, you know, though, turds do make the flowers grow.
Speaking of turdy things, though, guess what happened?
Itagaki got sued for sexual harassment.
A 31-year-old employee of Tecmo- Shouldn't that have been speaking of candy?
Candy is delicious.
Anyway.
Wow.
We're going to get emails on this, I already know.
No, okay, okay, absolutely.
There is an in-joke about candy in one of my circles, so.
Anyway, a 31-year-old employee of Tecmo said that our dear friend who was behind Dead or
Alive was basically sexually harassing her.
The compensation she is looking for- Rob.
Anyway, she's seeking compensation in 10 million- Rob, what the hell?
It's candy, get it?
This candy is not so delicious.
Anyway, she's looking for 10 million yen, which in US dollars is 84,843, so that he
started in 2003 and basically forced her into quitting the company on the 8th of September.
She filed on September 10th, but it's only recently become- But he's basically saying
that she wanted it.
But he's not denying that they had any relations, but basically saying that she consented to
it.
Tara is sitting over in the corner going, I want candy, dude.
Okay, in all seriousness, it's not cool.
Stop laughing.
I'm not laughing, it's a serious matter.
Okay, where I'm really not surprised to hear that there was a sexual harassment related
to the man who created DOA, I still like the bounciness, because it's completely against
the laws of physics.
But I hope she nails him to the wall if he really did it, so that's it.
It's like, hey, babe, you want to model for my next big game?
Dark Knight in our chat room says he did not have sexual relations with that woman.
That's a political joke.
I like that one.
Har.
Well, this is no joke.
Lost Planet is a very anticipated game for the Xbox 360.
It's almost like Gears of War level anticipation for this.
Maybe not quite that level.
Certainly not Halo 3 level, but certainly a high level of anticipation for this.
There's already been a demo on Xbox Live Marketplace, but guess what?
There's been an ad that ran in Gears of War.
There was a little ad in there and it said, check out Xbox Live Marketplace for new multiplayer
demo, which means that Lost Planet must be getting a multiplayer demo on Xbox Live Marketplace
soon.
Kind of cool.
So for those folks that are anticipating that game, and I got to say, I played the first
demo and I was like, why are people anticipating this so much?
This is boring.
I'm going to be honest, I wasn't into it at all.
It's a pretty game and yeah, it's very Gears of War-ish.
No, it wasn't even Gears of War-ish.
Gears of War, I understand why people are all goo goo gaga over that game, but Lost
Planet, I just didn't get into it at all.
It's exactly Gears of War.
It's got aliens, it's got people with guns running around shooting things.
A lot of games have aliens and people with guns.
Yeah, but they're both on the 360, therefore it is Gears of War, just like Prey is Gears
of War.
Except, no, that's a first person shooter and it's over the shoulder stuff.
But like, you can't die in Prey.
That's the greatest thing about Prey.
Yeah, that's kind of ironic.
You can't die in Prey?
They can't finish Duke Nukem Forever, so it makes sense.
Anyways, so on things that aren't Gears of War, Child's Play 2006 has just finally started
and, of course, this is going to be the fourth annual gaming charity fundraiser that helps
supply children's hospitals around the world with gaming goodness, like Gears of War, and
set up basically to respond to the media painting that gamers and gaming is basically a negative.
Seeing them as almost degenerates or scum of the earth.
So yeah, that's pretty cool.
And definitely, of course, put on by Penny Arcade, who have been behind this for a while
now.
In fact, they even have that brand new scholarship that they have for gaming schools.
Pretty cool and definitely a good cause.
And if you want to know more information about that, visit pennyarcade.com or visit www.childsplaycharity.org.
Do they take systems as well as financial donation?
Like actual game games?
I know where you're going with this.
Well, because I have a Nintendo 64 and instead of throwing mine away, since I don't play
the damn thing anymore, maybe I will give it to this charity and maybe some money as
well, depending on how I look financially at the end of the year.
I don't know, I'm not so hot right now, but if I have some extra money, I support this
charity.
You'll have to check out the website.
All right, I will do that right now or I'm sure someone in chat will say, oh, I already
read it and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Anyway, DarkSakura surfs the web up and down and back and forth every week and finds a
website that she likes and she's going to share that website with you right now in her
website of the week.
And you know what I just realized?
You know your background music for this segment is a game from DDRO Hostile.
You know what this song is called?
Candy.
Candy is delicious.
My side of the week, actually, I'm sorry I'm a week late for this, but I did want to do
this one last week and I forgot the address.
It's Project Vote Smart, where it goes over the issues based on your location for different
basically laws that are trying to go into effect, different things are trying to pass.
People running for office, publications, video, news, partnerships, you can even volunteer
to work with them, but it's www.vote-smart.org, O-R-G, a very, very, very cool site.
Book market for next year.
Yep.
You can still also look at it regularly though for updates.
You just have that in one window and game politics in the other, you're set.
You're politically of sound mind.
If you want to go to E3 this year, you know who's ass you should start kissing is your
favorite gaming companies.
A quote came from the ESA this week, the ESA does not control invites, according to Lowenstein.
His organization will be provided names from ESA members and use that as the basis for
generating a list of invitees.
The point is for attendees to be the people participants want to see in one-on-one meetings.
That is not for the ESA to say or influence.
Interesting.
If you have friends at a game company, it's time to start kissing their butt so you can
get into E3 as different as it may be this next year.
Who knows?
Are they still wanting to call them invites or is that a negative connotation towards
gamers?
Do they want to call them something else?
I have no idea.
All I know is that no company likes us enough to be getting us in.
Well, you know a certain company that begins with a K needs to freaking pony up.
Good luck.
Good luck.
They don't want to talk to us bastards.
But when you have that attitude, who would?
So IDG is launching a brand new interactive expo in the place of E3 that's going to be
taking place in October 07 and they want you to name it because they don't have a name.
So they have a contest.
Basically go to www.gamepro.com slash name or named by gamers and you can get a chance
to name the expo and if you win, you will win a prize package including a round trip
airfare for two.
Hotel and local transportation plus a ton of other cool goodies to the actual expo.
Contest ends on Monday, November 20.
I got a name.
How about Gamer Expo?
How about Big LA Game Place?
How about Thingy?
How about Game Pro Expo?
I mean seriously, just give it a name.
It doesn't have to be that snazzy.
How about, hey, this is an E3.
How about Boobs and Games?
Anyway.
Bitch, what did you say, you're not a bitch, this ain't a cutscene, press A.
I should, I should, that's his tiara today.
That was great.
You don't have time to smoke a bowl.
Anyway.
Well, who remembers the Gizmondo?
Huh?
I, I remember the Gizmondo for about two seconds.
We have Miklotov playing with Power Rangers toys.
And a Santa hat.
Is that Magic Ranger?
Can we do the show, please?
Can we do the show?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey, Dark Tetsuya says call it G3.
Game Pro Gamers Gathering, G3, ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Anyway.
Failed.
Hey, I'm trying to get short here.
So Bo Stefan Eriksson, who was one of the founders of the Gizmondo gaming deal, has
been sentenced to three and a half years in jail in California.
He bought four embezzlement and drunken driving.
Basically, he crashed and wrote off a Ferrari Enzo.
Big expensive car.
He should have gone to jail for the Gizmondo being kind of crappy.
I liked the Gizmondo.
I liked that Johnny whatever game it was.
One game.
It had one stinkin' game that was kinda neat.
Anyway, he, um.
I think while they're at it, they should jail all the people behind the Phantom.
Anyway, he, um, basically it ended in a mistrial, but he struck a bargaining court.
So he basically pled guilty in exchange for the car theft being dropped.
So Drunami, the people behind the Engage need to go to the chair.
He was trying to basically get out of going to jail, so.
However, he's still in jail.
He's going to be deported.
They've seized his mansion in California, and it will be sold to pay court costs and
restitution to the banks involved.
And basically, there is no more Gizmondo.
Will I then never have to hear about this guy ever again?
I don't know.
I hope not.
I just think, I just think he, uh.
I'm just like, I think that he deserves it.
Engage 2?
God.
I'm glad that he wasn't miked for that.
Engage 2 Electric Boogaloo.
That's fucked.
I'd buy one just for that name.
Well, I also, though, I do have some happy news for some of our, uh, geekier fans is
that 2K is putting out a Fantastic Four game that will be out with the next film, uh, June
2007.
It will be Fantastic Four, Rise of the Silver Surfer, third-person action game, and it makes
me very happy because I, I, I have to say I was a Silver Surfer fan.
They're making a sequel to the Fantastic Four movie?
It has Silver Surfer!
Yeah, really.
Which means it might have Galactus.
The search for more losses.
The uh, you know, I'll say that the guy that played the torch guy?
He's smoking.
Hey Jessica Alba, Jessica Alba for you, alright?
You get Jessica Alba and her non-nudity claws.
Okay, okay, okay.
Jessica Alba did not look good as a blonde.
Okay, then dye her hair.
Jessica Alba did not look good in clothing.
Just more, more human torch guy, please.
Then I'll go see the movie.
Thank you, yeah, thank you.
And right on cue, the chat room goes, flame on Skye, flame on, ha ha ha ha.
Oh my God, SSG100 Matt's winner, Galactus voiced by Penn & Teller.
Oh shit.
Call in right now you smartasses so I can yell at you, because our Skype line is open.
If you want to call us, just head on over to orangelaunchradio.com and click on interact
with us.
You can call us live.
The telephone number is 877-GAME-OLR.
That's 877-426-3657.
That toll-free number, FYI, only works toll-free in the U.S. and Canada.
Let's go to the phones.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who dis?
Raven's Dolphin, it's good to hear from you.
Hi, Raven's Dolphin, what's on your mind?
Flame on, Raven's Dolphin.
Yeah, flame on.
There's only one thing I want to talk to you about is the Xbox 360, and you talked about
it being a Dreamcast.
Well, it's not a Dreamcast, but I was saying there were comparisons made to the Dreamcast
system previously.
I found a good article, and I'm going to link it up in the chat room later, that talked
all about the Dreamcast and all about Sega's history.
All right, that is our podcast listeners, no good.
Where are you getting this article from so they can go look it up if they want?
I don't really have it on hand.
I'm just going to post it in there.
All right, what's in this article?
What happened was the Saturn was selling super, super poor, so they had to get a new console
out there.
They didn't want to leave the market with the Saturn stink.
They knew they had to get out of the market, so they had to release the Dreamcast.
The Saturn stink.
I like that term.
I'm taking great offense to that, because the Saturn actually sold very well in Japan.
It's just they had poor support over here, which is why it didn't sell well, because
Sega of America had a big stick up their ass and decided to lose all of their mental facilities
for every employee that worked there, and said, no, we aren't going to bring the RAM
card out here or all the good games.
We're just going to leave those in Japan.
That's what it said in the article.
Sega stink.
They were losing a lot, a lot of money on everything.
The Saturn and the Dreamcast.
How does this compare to Xbox 360, though?
Because Microsoft's losing on the consoles?
Michael Moore.
What?
You mean Peter Moore?
Michael Moore was in Sega before he was in Microsoft.
Put the car in park, Raven's Dolphin.
Michael Moore does films.
He did that Fahrenheit 9-11 movie, right?
Big guy with a beard, harasses congressmen on the street.
Thank you.
Peter Moore.
Didn't I have Dan on when he was talking about the GameStop Managers Conference, where he
came out to address all the employees at the GameStop Managers Conference and says, okay,
let's get it out of the way.
Let's hear a shout out for the Dreamcast.
Yay!
Okay.
Cute.
Anyway.
There's other comparisons.
I see.
So, Peter Moore is the comparison here.
Yeah, because he jumped ship, but there's one thing I want to say before I hang up is
Microsoft has so much money so they can throw away with the Xbox 360.
Sega did not have a lot of money.
The only thing they had left was $500 million to their name.
Shit, if I had that kind of money, I'll sell you a console.
I'll call it Gizmondo 2.
Electric Boogaloo.
All right, thanks for calling Raven's Dolphin.
Have a good night, all right?
You too.
Bye.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Yes, it's NintendoManiac64.
I haven't called in a while.
Hi, NintendoManiac64.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Okay.
First off, I've got to know, does my quality suck?
You're okay.
You're a little quiet, but there's not a lot we can do about that.
Folks will just have to listen carefully, so get your thoughts out.
Okay.
First off...
I forgot what I was going to say.
This is something completely different.
I remember last week you guys were talking about actually cell phone games, which was
kind of odd.
There's one that I've been following.
It's actually a fan game.
It's basically Zelda for a cell phone, and I don't have a cell phone, and they don't
try it, even though there's a cell phone emulator.
Link, I'm too lazy to go through that.
This is a homebrew type game, right?
Somebody made this from scratch.
I seem to remember we had an article on it a few shows ago.
This was a long time ago, so you may have missed it, but yeah, I do remember we talked
about it previously.
I haven't played it myself, but you know, speaking of mobile games, you know I hate
mobile games, right?
I think they all are creepy.
I actually played one I really liked this week, and you'll never guess what it was.
Luminous on mobile was actually pretty cool because they made some changes to the basic
formula of Luminous.
For instance, there's different types of special pieces, and sometimes they come in three colors,
and then sometimes the shapes are different.
They actually changed quite a bit of the basic game mechanics.
It made it kind of feel a little bit refreshing and different, and for a cell phone, Java
type game, it actually wasn't bad.
I was kind of impressed.
Anyway, that had nothing to do with the game you were talking about.
I'm sorry.
I'm sure Zelda on the phone will be cool too.
Is it out?
When can we get it?
Well, it's actually a second demo.
The guy who makes it, he goes on a forum that basically made a forum I hang out at, but
oddly enough to call it Zelda Fan Game Central, so just gc.com.
I posted the link in chat already if you want to take a look at it.
All right.
Oh, you posted the link in chat.
All right.
I'll check it out.
We'll see.
Hey, tell the guy if he wants to come on the show and plug his product.
We'll do that.
I'm curious.
I would love to...
I guess I'll ask him.
But you know the first question I'm going to ask is, why cell phone?
No, I understand.
Zelda's a beloved game, and to be able to take it with you on your phone wherever you
go would be pretty cool, I got to admit.
Okay.
Second off, Halloween was last week, and I really wanted to show my Halloween costume.
It is gaming related.
Okay, but this isn't going to be great radio, is it?
No.
All right.
What did you dress up as?
Tell us.
Okay.
I'm putting the links in chat.
Okay, there they are.
All right.
Let me bring it up.
This is great radio, Nintendo Maniac 64.
Might I remind you here?
Okay.
All right.
Explain the costume for the podcast, listeners.
Okay.
My name, Nintendo Maniac 64, kind of shows that I am a big entire lover, and other people
might not know this, that I completely hate Sony.
You probably already know this guy.
I do.
And I wore that at school and things, and most people know that I hate some things on
PlayStation.
I went for the irony factor.
I had a shirt with the PlayStation logo completely made.
Of masking tape and permanent marker.
Yeah, so you made this PlayStation logo on a shirt, but you're known around town as the
PlayStation hater.
It's a well done logo.
Yeah, you did a pretty good job.
Why PlayStation 1 and not PS3?
You went for the old school PS logo.
Because it's the PlayStation logo.
All right.
Oh, sorry.
The PlayStation logo.
My bad.
It has a PS3 on it.
Congratulations on your ironic costume, Nintendo Maniac 64.
We got to let you go so we can get some more calls though.
Have a good one.
Thanks for calling.
All right?
Okay.
Later.
All right.
We're going to get to some more calls.
Let's go over to this one.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Jason.
Hi, Jason.
Buddy, our webmaster.
What's up?
Yay.
Yay.
We love you.
Whee!
How's the 800 number going?
You were the one that was the mastermind behind that whole thing, so we really appreciate that.
I know the listeners do, too, and the folks leaving voicemails, so yay, Jason.
I have a certain complaint.
I'd like to think it's working pretty well.
It does seem to be working okay.
What's on your mind, buddy?
When the E3 article came up, I was kind of thinking about the whole low-word participation
numbers and all the fun nonsense, and with the whole Xbox, what's it called, XNA.
Hold on a minute.
Hold on a minute, buddy.
Put the car in park for a minute there, buddy.
Isn't it ironic that I told him the 800 number's doing so great and the quality of his call
right now is kind of crappy, like we're hearing a lot of break-up in there?
Just the irony factor.
Sorry, Jason.
I don't know what else to tell you.
So E3, yeah?
E3 and the whole low-word participation amongst independent developers, no, low-word participation
in general and not just in general masses, but XNA, Xbox, Microsoft, XNA, the independent
development suite can provide so many more developers in the world that would be eligible
theoretically to go to E3 or one of these events again.
So you're saying that Microsoft should consider inviting some of these developers that work
with the XNA?
Yeah.
I mean, XNA is a launching point.
You can go so much further beyond there, and if you bring together independent developers
and publishers, I mean, do I really have to go further than that?
You know, I will say this.
Microsoft seems to be in touch with their underground audience, so to speak, more than
a lot of other big gaming companies I've seen, and that, you know, obviously Major Nelson
has a lot to do with that.
You know, you might remember at Gamers Developers Conference, they had like the bloggers' breakfasts
and things, and they had that bus at E3.
They definitely seem to be in touch with the underground media a little more than any other
company.
So thank you for that.
If anyone were to do this, it would probably be them.
All right.
And the fact of how much that that can help them on their place in general in XBL, in
the next couple of years, this whole generation is going to be a really big difference.
It's going to be very interesting just to see how everything plays out.
It would be interesting certainly to get all those minds under one roof.
I definitely agree.
Jason, the chat room is yelling at me to hang up on you because of the quality.
I'm so sorry.
We love you anyway.
We love you, Jason.
Another one.
Good thought.
Yeah.
Watch them start kicking people from chat.
That would be awesome.
You what?
You're going to talk shit about me?
Who's talking shit about him right there?
Let's see.
We have Jason is awesome.
Let's see.
Stop.
You fail at calling.
See, he's going to boot GS68 right there for you fail at calling.
Oh, he just gave him the middle finger.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio.
Who's this?
Hola.
Hey, it's DMN.
No, really.
It's Ron.
Hi.
Hi, DMN.
Hi.
Hi, DMN, Ronmo.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I have a quick question for Lokey.
Lokey, I want to ask you...
Lokey, are you paying attention?
Yes.
Lokey, boobs.
Boobs, Lokey, boobs.
Yeah, what's on your mind?
Chose a DNA.
What's on your mind?
All right, Lokey.
Have you heard anything about Halo 3?
Because a friend of my orchestra, Gamestop, he just told me last week that Microsoft,
the press release has coming out on November 2007.
Have you heard anything new since that?
No, I haven't heard anything new.
We still have the date as March.
Has that press release actually come out anywhere?
No, it has not.
So your friend...
I told my friend that.
Well, so your friend who works at this random Gamestop happens to know the inner workings
at Microsoft and what they're developing.
You remember when I was talking earlier about elitism with the Gamestop employees?
I'm thinking we got exhibit A right here.
He might be dead fucking wrong and you might be right.
Your Gamestop kid might be right.
It's November 2007.
But please, he knows what's going on at Microsoft and he knows that Microsoft's cooking up a
press release right now.
Please.
I trust Lokey more than I do Gamestop.
Like I said, I would guess probably Halo 3 is going to be in March and Halo Wars is going
to be in the holiday.
It's going to be the November title.
So that'd be my guess right there because there you got your two Halo games.
You've got one that's just in time for when the PlayStation 3 systems might be available.
Again, their second big push.
More of a reason to not go to the Sony side.
And then you have your last Halo game that's probably also going to get like your Fable
2 and stuff as well also in the holiday season.
So it's perfect timing for that.
And plus, the other thing, March being the end of their financial quarter, it makes their
numbers look good.
So more people invest in their company.
That's kind of why they would do it that way because they don't really have a big game
coming out in March right now.
I think what they have Forza 2 on the line, Crackdown and probably Shadowrun.
And I think those were all scheduled before June.
So I don't know.
I'm still saying March until I hear otherwise.
I have a question I think so too.
I mean, because I asked him Wait, DarkSaga has a question for you.
No, no, no.
He go ahead and finish what you're saying.
Well, I was saying to him, well, if this is an actual press release, don't you think somebody
would have leaked it by now?
Because I had access for proof.
He said, no, it's just went through the answer of all the GameStop locations.
And I've been checking on the sites, nothing about it.
So I think it's just all smoke.
He's breaking up now.
Yeah.
Well, I got to let you go because you're breaking up hella bad.
But thanks so much for the call and tell your friend he's full of shit.
Sorry DarkSaga.
What were you going to ask?
Maybe he can answer in chat.
I forget.
Let me put it this way.
They have November 1st as a date right now.
Like I know we use, for example, November 1st, 2011 as our default dates in our system
when we don't have a release date, because it's easy to enter in when you're entering
items into a database and it's 1111111.
Sorry, I picked up another call.
Hi, you're on our service.
Ah, damn that feedback.
Sorry, I finished your thought.
I won't pick up another call until you're ready.
Anyway, so that would be a default date.
So for example, for them, they might just do 111 and there you go, November 1st.
And that's what they have on their website right now.
It's a default placeholder date.
All right.
Now let's try another call.
Sorry.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's ShadowNextGen in the chat.
Hi, ShadowNextGen.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey guys, what's going on?
I just had a couple of-
No, we're just doing a radio show.
How about you?
About Halo 3, I actually agree with Loki.
And why?
Because that would also be when basically the quote unquote real launch of the PlayStation
3 is, you know, when everyone else gets it.
So that would be another good way for Microsoft to hype up the 360.
Ah, so this comes back to that whole story from years ago where, I don't know who said
or somebody was rumored that Halo 3-
That Halo 3 would be there for the PS3 launch.
Yes, exactly.
It took the words right out of my mouth.
So yeah, I'm thinking that's going to be what it is.
So in a way, maybe that kind of happens where it's maybe it goes up against the Euro launch
or like, as you say, when most people will actually be getting the system.
That's kind of an interesting perspective.
And also at the 2005 E3, I actually got to try the Gizmondo and it sucked.
Did you play Johnny Whatever?
I didn't get to play anything because they were all broken.
I had a Gizmondo guy right by me and I kept jumping from different systems because I had
a bunch on display.
And nothing.
Did you wash your hands after touching them?
Yeah.
And I'm totally bringing hand sanitizer to the next big game show.
I never think about that, but think about all that fan funk that's getting on those
controllers.
Anyway, sorry.
Also, yesterday I got to play the Wii because my GameStop had a kiosk.
And what did you think of the Wii?
I thought it was very awesome.
It was very awesome.
What games did you play?
I got to try out Excite Truck and then a couple of the other features like the photo channel
and the Mii channel, things like that.
You know, I had some friends get, one of my friends post on LiveJournal about this.
They got kicked out of a GameStop because they were making a Hitler Mii.
I'm like, you stupid.
Really?
Yeah.
Apparently the guy came up behind him and like, you can't do that, you know, that whole
thing.
Yeah.
You guys are hella dumb.
Anyway.
Yeah.
And it just made me excited for when I go get mine on midnight on Saturday.
Hi.
Where are you going to go camp out at?
Uh, nowhere.
I have a pre-order of GameStop.
Well, look at you go.
Well, congratulations.
You're going to call in next week and tell us all about it?
Yeah.
Well, definitely that and Twilight Princess.
All right.
Well, until then, have a good week.
Thanks for your call.
All right, buddy?
Yeah.
Thanks.
All right.
Good luck with the Wii.
Have fun.
Wii.
Yeah.
This is the one that had the bad feedback earlier.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
This is Did You Lose A Sock.
Hi, Did You Lose A Sock.
I, we're getting a little feedback.
Get away from the screen.
Is that better?
A little bit, yes.
What's on your mind?
What's on your mind?
Um, which is a better game, Pen
Fears of Wars or Vivapinata?
I can't say because I haven't played Vivapinata.
Do you think Viva Pinata promotes violence against flamboyant animals?
I'm going to write to Glaad and tell them to ban Viva Pinata.
One more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Paradox Vincent.
Hi, Paradox Vincent. What's on your mind?
I was just thinking. A while ago, I was watching this thing.
And it was somebody at Microsoft. I want to say Peter Moore.
Ah, yes, our good buddy Michael Moore, yeah.
Yeah. And he was talking about how he wanted to take a more unified stance.
This is before the Xbox 360 was even kind of. This is back, you know, last generation.
I was taking more of a unified stance towards gaming.
And how this has been the most competitive cycle yet.
Wait, and what did Mandy Moore mean by unified gaming?
Well, they were saying that they didn't want to attack Sony. They didn't want to attack Nintendo.
Yeah, but this cycle is so competitive. I just think it's kind of eating away at itself.
Hasn't Peter Jackson been the source of comments against Sony at some point?
Didn't Peter Pan do that?
I don't remember that.
In all seriousness, it was just recently campaign season.
It kind of reminds me of campaign season.
Where everyone starts out and says, oh yeah, we're going to have a nice clean fight.
And we're not going to run any negative campaign ads against the competition.
And then suddenly a month later,
Drew Nami is running for Congress.
And did you know, when he was younger, he really liked candy?
Do not elect Drew Nami.
Paid for by Rob Roberts for President campaign.
You see all those negative ads all over.
They always start off like, oh yeah, it's going to be a clean fight.
Because we don't want anyone to talk shit about us.
But then somebody throws down the gauntlet and now we all talk smack about each other.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I know what I mean, too.
Thanks so much for the call, Paradox Vincent. We appreciate it.
Anything else you want to say to our listeners?
No, not really.
All right, well have a good one.
Have fun playing with your PS3 or Wii, whatever you end up getting this weekend, if either one at all.
Yeah, I think I'm going to buy the Wii.
All right, have fun with your Wii.
All right.
Thank you guys so much for calling in to our program tonight. We appreciate it.
And that's going to lead us to the part of the show where I ask if we have any last minute stories.
Anybody have anything last minute they wanted to get in?
Bandit did link me a Knights 2 trailer that's fan made that I just want to say is absolutely fantastically cool.
But it is fan made, just so that nobody freaks out.
I do have one last release date for those of us who are still WoW addicts.
Blizzard made a press release earlier this week.
The official release date for World of Warcraft The Burning Crusade is going to be January 17th, 2006.
So you guys won't have to wait for much longer. Hopefully they'll fix that broken beta.
I was going to say, in other words, the beta's ending.
Your free time's almost up.
So anyways, I've got some more stories, of course.
Start off here with Saints Rogue getting an actual download for some more multiplayer maps.
And it's only going to cost you 80 Microsoft points, or $1.
So for a couple maps, that's a pretty good price.
So I'm glad of that.
We mentioned the ESRB leaked some titles for the Virtual Console.
There's actually a little bit more than what we mentioned.
Including Excitebike, Ice Climber, Dr. Mario, Mario Brothers, Ice Hockey, and Soccer.
And for the Super Nintendo Mario RPG, Legend of the Seven Stars.
That's hot.
Fuck yeah.
Kirby Super Star, Super Metroid, and Kirby's Dream Land 3.
For the Nintendo 64, Mario Kart 64, Star Fox 64, and Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time.
Sweet, Toad's Highway.
So that is pretty sweet right there.
Of course, there was some estimates on the Playstation 3 and how much money Sony's going to lose from this.
Merrill Lynch is another one of those people talking about the PS3.
And they're saying that Sony will lose $6.5 billion on the Playstation 3 launch.
That's a lot of money.
It's Toad's Turnpike, I'm being corrected by Nintendo Maniac, of course.
Sorry.
Anyways, you might have heard earlier this week that Glenn Entus of EA was talking a little bit about Gears of War and saying how there's no actual innovation in the gameplay.
While he's also on the record saying that Final Fantasy, the modeling fidelity might get a little bit better with the Playstation 3.
But in other words, the game models aren't going to look any more realistic.
It's all about physics.
Did he see the same trailer I did?
He's an idiot.
Let's see here, there was also a teaser poster released for the brand new Paul W. S. Anderson Castlevania film, and it sucks balls.
Yeah, it looked very boring.
Now, hey, I get it, it's a castle!
Anyways, we know that November 19th marks the launch of the Burger King, Xbox 360, and Xbox games, including Snake King.
Most anticipated games of the year.
Yes, but that's not where it stops.
In fact, Kellogg's, Cereal, and Xbox are teaming up for some brand new games that are going to be coming out soon.
And apparently you're going to be able to get some promo games and some 30-day trial to Gamefly.
Froot Loops the game!
So that's kind of interesting.
As we mentioned before, you were saying how Sony, their online service, well they have PTV for the Playstation download service where you're going to be able to download videos and stuff.
Right now they don't currently have any extra content on there, but you can download some free trailers including stuff for like Underworld Evolution and that kind of thing.
So that's kind of neat.
And then finally...
Come play my new Xbox 360 game, it's great!
The last bit of information of course comes for the Playstation 3, and they were serious when they were talking about that you would be able to install other operating systems on top of that.
In fact, you can actually get the binaries now for a Linux version that you can put on your Playstation 3.
And that's all available actually on Playstation's website on www.playstation.com slash ps3 dash open platform.
So that's kind of neat.
That's it.
Two scoops of raisins in this Xbox 360 game.
Scoop King. Poop Scoop King.
What else can we put in the cereal?
On that note, I obviously need to stop eating sugar coated cereal and end the program.
This is the part of the program where we go around and get everybody's final thought.
Drew Nami, thanks so much as always for being here tonight. What's your final thought?
Pie.
And Tiara, thank you for coming to visit and I hope you had fun.
And I appreciate your moral support of Orange Lounge Radio.
Any final thoughts for our listeners?
War is over, if you want it.
Aww, I like that.
Loki, my final thought is we better be coming in on Thursday.
Nintendo, better not delay any shipments or I will kill you.
My final thought is reject false icons.
I love to do that just to piss her off every once in a while.
My final thought is I heart you, Jamie. Heart, heart, heart, love, love.
Your final thought, Dark Sakura?
Gwar.
Gwar? I love Gwar.
Gwar!
She's holding a grudge.
Shut up, okay? You! No more ever jokes are allowed in this room by Drew Nami.
You have to go make them in the bathroom.
He said I was holding a grudge.
I'll show you a grudge. I'll beat you with a ferret.
Just another love-filled episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting independent podcasting as always,
even on strange nights like this one.
We appreciate you sticking by us.
Have a great week.
Hey, next week, crazy system launches.
John, aka DMN, is going to be here next week to talk about the Wii with us
and since it's likely that we'll have a Wii in the house one way or the other,
I'm sure there's going to be a lot of freaking people here getting their excite truck on,
so it's sure to be a clusterfuck event,
which is good because after that we're going to go into a couple weeks of pre-taped shows.
Sorry about that, but we have some busy holiday stuff coming up.
We'll talk more about that next week.
Until then, thanks a lot for tuning into and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio visits Orange Lounge Productions.
For more information on our live and podcast programs,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
