Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts?
Dark Sakura,
Sky,
and Loco.
Tonight, November 12th, 2006.
Microsoft unveils movie and television downloads,
PlayStation 3 games get some new dates and some postponed dates,
and can you Willy install Linux on the Wii?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello boys and girls on the internet.
Welcome to another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game show dedicated to video games,
gamer lifestyle, gamer culture, and all that other stuff.
You know, it's about two and a half to three hours of just chat.
We like to think of ourselves as sitting around the table at the local diner
just bitching about video games while we're waiting for our food.
And the service is very slow tonight, hence why the show is about two and a half hours long.
Yeah, lamest comparison ever, sorry.
But it's kind of what the show is like a little bit.
Like, remember back in the day when we would all go play DDR
and then we'd go to the local diner and have soup and just talk and BS and stuff, right?
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers, local co-host?
Yes, sometimes.
Sometimes?
Sometimes.
Rawr.
Would you say that was a fair comparison, Mr. Loki?
Techmaster Loki?
I'm sorry, I didn't hear most of that.
Well, maybe if you were listening to the show and not playing on your computer
while we're trying to get things started here,
maybe you would have heard my really bad comparison.
I was just trying to look up to see if anyone had commented on a certain story
that ran earlier this week and, you know.
Well, I think you should be focusing on the show now.
It is on the show. It's show related.
I need your full attention, Mr. Loki.
Joining us tonight are some special guests,
and hopefully I can get through the show tonight without berating.
Say hello to someone who hasn't been on the show in several years, actually,
but one of Jamie's good buddies from Alabama, right?
You guys used to live there together?
Actually, I left and she moved there.
Okay.
Well, say hello, nevertheless, to Tiara.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm well, thank you.
All right.
And also say hello to our old Orange Lounge Radio favorite, Drew Nami.
If I don't get my French toast soon, I'm going to go kick someone's ass.
What?
Bad service.
Oh, I get it. Hello.
Someone needs to pay attention to the show, Mr. Sky.
All right, shut up.
Anyway, here we are, and another week.
We're sitting just before the brink of madness.
Video game system releases, PlayStation 3 and Wii.
Really quickly, who's getting what?
Who's getting what system?
I'm getting a Wii, but not a PlayStation 3 just yet.
Dark Sakura.
I'm getting a Wii and a PlayStation 3.
Loki.
I'm getting a Wii.
Uh, Tiara.
I'm getting nothing because I am poor.
Aw, sorry to hear it.
Drew Nami?
I'm getting a Wii when I get the chance.
All right, so that's, let's see, one, two, three, four Wiis and one PS3.
Not my choice.
And one, you know, one cup of coffee, I guess.
I could send you a Game Boy.
We have lots of love for Tiara.
She can watch us all unpack them on YouTube because apparently that makes for riveting
game news this week is, you know, watch me play my Wii and rub it in your face that you
don't have one.
It is such horrible blogging news.
Seriously, like every single blog I visited this week, I guess Nintendo loves everyone
else more than us.
Whatever, I don't care.
I'm over it.
But every other website is like, hey, look, here's a video on YouTube of us taking the
Wii out of the box and showing it all in front of the camera.
And then here's me playing Excite Truck.
I don't know.
It's kind of like I'm reading the same thing on every single blog.
I'm like, isn't there like real news this week?
I know it's still early in the week, though.
But as far as I'm aware, Jessica Chobert has not licked the Wii.
I may be able to beat her to that.
Actually, we might have to get Dark Sakura, maybe our own lovely gaming babe here to lick
some various devices.
How does it sound?
If by lick you remove the L and put a K there, then I'll do that to the PS3.
It would be hilarious if we could get like some porn star to, you know, with a Wii.
Do we know a porn star?
To like maybe put the Wii remote someplace.
Actually, I have a friend who works for a gay porn company.
We could get a gay porn star.
Close enough, I guess.
I don't know if the whole internet will be into that.
Maybe we'll get posted on Gay Gamer.
I don't know.
Maybe something.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyway, seriously though, let's talk about some gaming news tonight.
I'm sorry.
First, how was your gaming week?
I swear this Fiji water is not spiked tonight.
You were publicly endorsing a brand of water.
Well, whatever.
I don't care.
Actually, that's the water I drink.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Played Guitar Hero 2 quite a bit last night.
In fact, quite a bit last night.
We played all the way through Easy and then through a bunch of Medium,
and I will let the almighty unlocker of Trogdor tell you about that later.
And then I got inspired and left the room so that I could make the preshow
with a bunch of, you know, stuff that was in Guitar Hero 2.
I was going to put Thunder Horse from Venture Brothers.
What was the band?
Death Lock.
And I was going to put that in the show, but I decided not to.
And if you want to hear Trogdor, you have to stay and listen to the entire show.
Of course, if you're on the podcast, it won't do you any good
because it's copyrighted.
Sorry, kids.
And then I looked at Trauma Center and haven't played it yet,
and then Dan started playing Final Fantasy XII for me.
So I'm a little bit upset at him, and I played some more PSU.
I'm only level 3.
Slowly but surely, making your way.
Leveling is slow in PSU.
I played religiously for several days, and I'm only like level 12.
So it ain't going to get any quicker, I'm sorry to say.
I just solo through all the missions.
Seriously, play single player.
You level up so much faster.
Just skip all the cut scenes and play single player.
It doesn't level your online character.
Yeah, sadly, no, it doesn't.
Okay, then.
I want to level my online character.
If you're just going to play by yourself.
I got PSU to play through the online missions.
I just wanted to start leveling my stuff.
All right.
Anything else, Ms. Dark Sakura?
No.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was full of stuff, actually.
Of course, I picked up two big 360 games this week.
Gears of War, which I've played for not very long, actually, so far.
I haven't really played much through it.
I tried a little bit of the single player, got past the first mission,
and played a little bit of the multiplayer on one console.
So, I mean, not a real good indicator of what the multiplayer is, but it's okay.
I don't know, to be honest, I don't think the multiplayer is that great,
at least from what I've seen so far, unless online is just totally phenomenal.
But it seems to be just a race for the chainsaw,
who can pull out the chainsaw the fastest is the winner.
So I guess that's kind of neat.
And then the game itself is not like, I mean, it's pretty cool,
but it's not like, oh, my God, this is so amazing.
It's just a pretty game, and I think it's a pretty game
that's going to get forgotten pretty quick, but whatever.
Really?
Yeah, really.
Even despite all the praise that's being lavished upon it.
Well, look at the people there giving the praise for it.
They're saying, oh, my God, it's so phenomenal.
Oh, my God, it's so innovative.
What's so innovative about it?
Okay, wow, it has a cover system.
Hooray.
You know, and it's got, you know, it's really intense.
Do you work for EA?
I don't work for EA.
But you're wearing a Call of Duty shirt.
Exactly.
Oh, wait, that's Activision.
I have two Call of Duty shirts.
Never mind.
And this was on the top of the hamper.
So, anyways, so, yeah, I'll play through it.
I'm sure it's going to be a pretty cool game.
And there is one good thing about it, though, the co-op is amazing.
So at least they've got that going for it,
because there aren't that many good co-op games nowadays.
And it's almost like Contra, I should say.
You know, that's kind of what it reminds me of, you know,
two people playing through the game, which also leads me to Contra,
which I played a little bit this week.
You know, Contra is Contra, so it's pretty cool.
Then, of course, Call of Duty 3 I bought.
That one is really cool.
Personally, I like the multiplayer in Call of Duty 3 a lot better.
I've been playing it, you know, locally with a few of my friends at work,
and it's just fun.
It's definitely improved over to the last one.
The only thing I don't like about the multiplayer in it, though,
is that your little kind of HUD radar thing that they have,
they do not show the gunshots going off like they used to in the first one.
So, I mean, playing like a 10-minute game,
it might be hard to find people.
Also, since the maps don't say how many people they're meant for,
which, you know, the old one did,
so you kind of get an idea which map is large, which one's smaller,
and that type of thing.
This one's kind of flying blind.
But the game's pretty cool, though, because you get to drive vehicles and stuff,
and I got a lot of my kills running over people with Jeeps,
so that's pretty cool, and I do like that.
And the game looks a lot better, so that'll be pretty cool.
Grand Theft Auto's Vice City story has been playing a little bit more, of course.
Really playing more of this, I'm starting to like the game a little bit more,
but also at the same time I'm frustrated with how lazy their programming is.
For example, when you're playing certain spawn areas on the second island,
you can actually see there's a barrier
blocking you from going to the first island again,
and when you pass that barrier, you die.
So they do have the technology to be able to create a barrier
around a certain section of the map,
which they should have done anyways to make the maps a lot smaller,
but they didn't because they're too fucking lazy, so whatever.
But the game is fun, kind of figuring out the nuances of it,
but still Grand Theft Auto.
It's a little bit more realistic as far as some of the vehicle damage and stuff.
And then, other than that, Elder of Scrolls Oblivion,
I've played through about half of that now,
and hopefully I'm going to finish the other half.
I've got to grind through it so I can sell it back, that type of thing.
And yeah, cheating all the way.
All right. Hooray for cheating, I guess.
Let's see, my gaming week.
Let's see, what have I played this week?
I played Gears of War as well, but I'm not ready to review it yet
because I won't give it a review until I try out co-op,
because if co-op is everything everyone says it is,
then I really need to look at it.
So we'll wait until next week for me to talk about Gears of War.
But I am ready to talk about two other games I picked up this week,
and one of them is Elite Beat Agents,
which of course is the English version of Oh and Don,
which is available on the Nintendo DS.
Elite Beat Agents is quite possibly the best music-based game ever
for the casual player.
I don't know so much about those that are totally sucked into music games.
They might find the game to be a little bit easy on some of the earlier modes,
and yeah, there are some challenging modes that come up later on,
and you know, whatever.
But for most people, for those folks that are too afraid to get on a DDR machine
because they're afraid of looking like an ass,
or those folks that are too afraid to touch a BeatMania controller
because it's like turntables, buttons, I don't do this.
This could be quite possibly the best casual music game.
I put it right up there with Guitar Hero in the ease of just pick it up and go.
And even some people don't want to play Guitar Hero
because they're like, that's kind of weird.
But Elite Beat Agents is easy.
No one else can see because it's on the DS,
and it's just you pick up the pen and go.
And the song list is surprisingly really good.
I know a lot of people were like, ugh, it's got a weird combination of songs.
But dude, if a game can make Ashley Simpson's Lala kind of fun,
I think it deserves a lot of credit.
So I give Elite Beat Agents a lot of credit.
It's funny.
It cracked me up.
Even one stage is kind of sad and a little bit sniffly,
but I wouldn't cry because I'm a man.
But no, the game's a lot of fun.
Basically, for those that don't know,
the essential element of the game is that you tap.
You tap on the bottom screen, but you follow these patterns,
and you tap like in the beat of the music.
For instance, if you're playing Material Girl,
your tapping might go along with the words,
like doo doo doo doo doo doo,
and you kind of drag the stylus in some parts too and follow a little ball.
So it's a lot more fun than it sounds
because the animations and things really kind of keep you involved.
The only small complaint I have with the game is that, you know,
for the hardcore music game fan,
they're going to breeze through it in like a day,
at least play all the songs.
At least there's harder difficulties than there was in the Japanese Oh and Don
to kind of keep the hardcore music fan base interested in the game.
But I definitely highly, highly, highly recommend Elite Beat Agents
to anyone who is slightly interested in the music genre of games.
Also, the other cool thing about Elite Beat Agents,
multiplayer mode is kind of fun,
and you can do it with just one cartridge.
You can play most of the songs just off of one cartridge.
It takes forever to download the game,
but, you know, it works out.
You know, small price to pay for not having everybody to have the same game.
And then, of course, it has this very similar type of functionality
for when both people have the cartridge.
It just runs even smoothly, so it's great.
Other game I picked up this week and played is Luminous 2,
which is out on the PSP.
And, you know, Luminous was my absolute favorite game that was released this year,
and so I still have a lot of love for Luminous 2
because they didn't really change anything.
But that's also kind of my biggest problem with Luminous 2
is that half of the skins were Luminous 1 skins.
And I don't think a lot of people picked up on this
because maybe people played Luminous 1 and then forgot about it.
But seriously, if you think, for instance,
those folks that follow music-based games,
if you think DDR repeats are bad, Luminous puts it to shame.
Luminous repeats damn near every single skin from the first game
that wasn't a licensed song.
It's kind of sad.
But on the bright side now, the good stuff about the game
is that Luminous 2 appears to,
and I haven't played with this mode a whole lot yet,
but it appears to let you do your own music, which is kind of rad.
It comes with a lot of new skins.
Some have music videos.
Some are, you know, in-house made.
You see a lot of them on the Xbox Live version of the game.
There's mission mode involved and versus involved,
and there's a demo of every extent extra.
There's a lot of new modes that keep it fresh.
So if you don't own the original Luminous,
there's a lot for you.
And if you like puzzle games at all,
you definitely need to have Luminous 2.
It's a must-own game if you don't have the original Luminous.
If you do have the original Luminous,
then I would ask you how important are these new modes to you?
Do you really want to be able to use your own music?
Do you really want to be able to do this other stuff?
Do you really want to play to holla back, girl?
How much of a necessity is that to you?
And if the answer is, I must, then sure, go get the game.
You know, it's only 30 bucks.
It's not a bad value.
But I don't know if you would want this and the Xbox Live one
unless you are just really crazy about your puzzle games
or your Luminous.
And that was my gaming week.
Besides a lot of Phantasy Star Universe,
I've been playing a hell of a lot of Phantasy Star Universe single-player mode.
I don't know what it is.
The story was really cliche and the voice acting is horrific,
especially in the first couple chapters.
But now that I'm past that and I'm in about Chapter 8 now,
the story has kind of gotten a little bit interesting.
It's like watching an anime.
It's like I'm playing an anime.
Seriously, if you're into anime,
you've got to check out Phantasy Star Universe
and give it a fair shot,
because, I mean, it copies it to a T.
It's crazy.
Speaking of T, Tiara, would you like to share your gaming week with us?
What kind of stuff you've been playing?
As Soy said, we played Guitar Heroes 2 last night.
She was around long enough to beat Easy Mode
and then I played through Medium or whatever you call it,
Normal Mode, long enough to unlock Trogdor.
And then we played Trogdor and then we went to sleep.
But before that, I played Tetris on my phone for a million hours
while we waited for A Nightmare Before Christmas to start.
Because somebody bought tickets for the 1230 show
and we actually got there at like 1030,
so it was like two hours of Tetris joy.
I thought I was going to get lost.
She got lost everywhere else, that's all.
But I got lost in a cool way,
because we found underneath the Golden Gate Bridge.
Yeah, under.
But that's it. Excitement. The end.
Now, actually, I want to interview you for a little bit,
because you haven't been on the show in a long time,
and last time you were on the show
was when we were still exclusively talking about music-based games.
So now we have a whole new world
and more people listen to the show thanks to iTunes and XB Stream
and all games and all that stuff.
What kind of games do you enjoy?
Are you a computer gamer? Are you a console gamer?
What would you say is your favorite way of playing games?
Actually, my outside of the home life has been so busy lately
that I haven't really done a lot of gaming.
I actually gave up WoW, which was amazing,
because I never thought I would do that.
Seriously, I was so addicted,
and I was like main healer in my guild and everything,
and one day I was just like, you know what?
I think outside is nice, too.
I'm going to go outdoors and play today.
Where are you from, so our listeners know?
I'm from Las Vegas.
Las Vegas.
I know we have some listeners in Vegas, so very cool.
All right, so you were kind of a PC gamer
back before you found The Great Outdoors,
because it sounds like you played WoW,
and I know, didn't you play Ragnarok for a little bit,
some of that other stuff?
Yeah, I did play Ragnarok online.
Do you own any consoles?
I own a Nintendo, a Super Nintendo, a Game Gear, and a DS.
So you're a classic gamer.
Yeah.
All right.
Hey, nothing wrong with that.
The classics are awesome.
You ever played The Guardian Legend?
Best 8-bit game ever.
Find it.
Seriously, it's the best.
It's the most underrated title ever.
I will not shut up about this game
until I get my sequel on one of the next-gen consoles.
I don't care if the rights are somewhere in a black hole right now.
Fucking find those rights.
Give me a sequel to The Guardian Legend.
It's not that much to ask.
Please.
Just write your congressman.
I'm going to write Feinstein tonight and say,
I want a bill passed that will make them make A Guardian Legend 2.
P.S., I'm crazy.
Junami, how was your gaming week?
Well, similar to Yarrarar, I sort of gave up WoW for a bit,
even though I'm still freaking paying for it.
I was playing Guitar Hero 2 for most of the week,
unlocked everything, everything, beat hard mode, that kind of stuff.
I was just really enjoying it.
Played a little bit of Tales of the Abyss and a little bit of Final Fantasy XII.
Didn't really get anywhere on either of those.
Other than that, I've been enjoying the great outdoors myself.
What's up with you people and going outdoors?
It's winter.
It's cold out.
It's like right before winter.
It's like the most wonderful time of the year.
I haven't been going outdoors.
I've been going bar-doors.
I was going to say, you live in Vegas.
There's nothing to do.
I've been to Vegas.
There's nothing to do outdoors in Vegas except make things out of dirt.
Everything you do in Vegas is indoors and pretty and lights and all that stuff.
Although, when you live in Vegas, you hate the casinos, don't you?
Yeah.
That's what I hear.
We've just passed the law for no smoking in restaurants and stuff,
so that should be nice.
Wow.
That's going to be crazy.
We didn't pass the law for smoking marijuana, though,
because all of those stupid stoners were too stoned to go vote.
Right.
Well, before we get into a political show,
I might be in Vegas for a Consumer Electronics Show.
I'm currently toying with two ideas.
I'm either going to go to Consumer Electronics Show
or I'm going to go to Disneyland.
It depends how much money I have.
So, one or the other.
We'll see.
Anyway, let's go to our chat room,
which is available at chat.orangeloungeradio.com
and get some comments from our chat room because the folks over there,
we have quite a big crowd there tonight.
We're making some good comments there, except now I can't find any.
We have a lot of people that are listening tonight that say they live in Vegas.
DJ Jenai, Gilder, both live in Vegas, saying hello.
And then, of course, too, that press start says does not live in Vegas.
Jeremy Todd, one is shocked that Drew Nami is giving up World of Warcraft.
Actually, I have something to share with everybody.
What's that?
Foodie Monster on our chat room right now put up the best you-know-who parody
for our little video game caption thing.
Ah, Tak Jomsom.
Tak Jomsom.
Yes.
No, yeah, for those that didn't hear,
I put out a call the other week because remember when Tak Jomsom decided to sue Midway
or, I don't know, wrote a nasty letter to Midway or whatever he did
over the fact that there was create a character and somebody made his likeness?
So I put out a challenge to our listeners to create Tak Jomsom
in as many different likenesses as you could in different games.
Like I was hoping to see one in Oblivion.
Well, Foodie Monster put one up from what?
What was it, City of Heroes?
I believe so.
City of Villains.
City of Villains.
Oh, well, how appropriate, City of Villains.
Yeah, City of Villains.
Awesome.
The O.L. Army salutes you, Foodie Monster.
Good job.
I want to see more.
You know what else we need to do?
Huh?
We need to give our special foreign correspondent from the People's Republic of Davis a shout-out.
It is Puppy's birthday.
Ah.
So happy birthday to Puppy.
Happy birthday, Puppy.
And in dog years he's going to fall over and die any moment now.
Let's see.
What else do I want to say regarding chat comments?
Jeremy Todd 1 asked me in regards to my gaming week, which game is better?
Luminous Live, Luminous 1, or Luminous 2?
It depends.
I would say if you don't own any of them, but you have a PSP, Luminous 2 is probably
the best one.
Just because it practically has all of Luminous 1 in it.
But if you already own Luminous 1, the question is are these little upgrades and the fact
that they're going to recycle half of what you already have, is that enough for you to
upgrade the game?
Question mark.
I don't know.
It depends how addicted you are to the game.
I do think Luminous Live is pretty cool too, though, for those that don't have a PSP.
Don't go out and buy a PSP just for Luminous like I did.
The Xbox Live one is fine.
It's just that the Xbox needs a better D-pad.
It needs a better D-pad.
Please, some third party, I don't know.
Maybe there's Microsoft issues why nobody's done this yet.
But seriously, somebody needs to put out a better D-pad.
Get a better D-pad for the Xbox 360.
Somebody.
And then, you know, Luminous Live has Xbox Live and all that stuff, which is kind of
cool.
So, I'll say that's cool.
Housekeeping and things that are going on.
We don't have a whole lot of announcements tonight.
Next week, we're going to be joined by John, also known as DMN, who is a frequent caller
of the program.
And he's going to be joining us for some Wii madness next week.
That should be exciting.
And I guess what else could we say?
It's Emergence Day.
It's November 12th, which is Emergence Day.
Oh, I should also say Happy Birthday to Rice Princess, if she's listening, because it is
her B-Day.
Let's get into some gaming news, since there was no housekeeping.
I will say this.
I got served.
If you listen to Part B of last week's show, I said, we were talking about a rumor at that
time that Microsoft was going to be offering movies and TV downloads.
And I said, no way.
They won't do it.
If they sold HD downloads, it would totally nerf the sales of the HD DVD.
So, what did Microsoft announce on Tuesday?
Oh, that they're going to be offering movie and TV downloads in HD format.
Yeah, I got told.
Well, anyway, they announced that various shows from MTV, CBS, movies from such places
like Paramount Pictures, all this stuff would be available.
In fact, there's some screenshots circulating, and you can see some downloads include V for
Vendetta, Poseidon, Cradle to the Grave, Lethal Weapon 4.
I know the TV stuff they're offering, old school Star Trek, but the redone special effects,
that one, and Survivor and Pimp My Ride, because you really want to have that on the Microsoft
360.
Basically, in a recent story that was on Joystiq, Scott Henson from Microsoft talked a little
bit about how things would work.
Henson mentioned that the files that you download, they will be stored on the 360's hard drive
unit, and there's not going to be an option to stream videos from the Windows computer,
because you can kind of already do that if they're in WMV, and the other formats have
those licensing issues that go with them, hence why you can't play Divx movies on your
360.
You can if you have the media extender for some stuff.
Is that because that has the licenses or whatever?
Maybe.
I don't think that plays everything.
Your average 22 minute high definition TV show will be about 1 gigabyte, and the standard
definition version will be 300 megabytes.
720p is what all the high def stuff is going to be encoded in.
They're not going to go up to 1080.
I would imagine that's because of space concerns.
720p is really not that bad.
If you have the eye to distinguish between the two, then maybe you ought to just get
an HD DVD drive into it that way.
I don't know.
The way the rentals work is that once you buy the thing, you'll have two weeks to start
the download movie, and then you have 24 hours to finish it, and inside that 24 hour window,
you can watch the movie as much as you want.
The television shows, though, are basically download to keep, just like it is on iTunes.
No word yet about price.
I don't know.
Does this sound interesting to you guys?
Is this something you guys are looking into doing with your Xbox 360?
Do you think you'll actually download some stuff?
It's kind of neat.
There's a lot of good content on there.
I mean, they've got South Park, Robot Chicken, just like a Chappelle show, if you're into
that kind of stuff.
Lots of Pimp My Ride.
It just shows that I think people that play the Xbox 360 would be interested in it.
Dr. Suckra?
I have the internet.
I don't need this.
So are you endorsing underground schemes such as BitTorrent?
I'm making a secret of it.
I think that it's a good idea, in theory, for people who maybe aren't so computer savvy,
maybe.
Or people who are slaves to MTV's programming content and can't live without the same mindless
stuff that they throw out at everybody on their regular station.
They have to infect Xbox Live as well.
So, more power to them.
But I have YouTube.
Alright, fair enough.
Well, technically YouTube is not supposed to have a lot of that content on there anyways
and they've gotten in trouble for that.
But I have DVDs as well.
Being an HD TV owner, I'm kind of excited about the fact that you can get HD content.
And the movies do interest me.
Because I was looking at what's available on HD DVD the other night because I was considering
getting the Xbox 360 HD DVD drive.
And honestly, I have to be honest.
I looked side-by-side at what was available on HD DVD and what was available on Blu-ray,
and I gotta say, there's way more on Blu-ray than I want, as opposed to HD DVD.
But, really what's stopping me is that the kind of movies I actually like to watch, I
know I'm going to sound like a total snob, but I like to watch indie movies and foreign
films and that kind of stuff.
And none of that is available on either platform.
Very, very little.
Unfortunately, the Blu-ray version of Final Fantasy VII Advent Children Special Edition,
which is going to have cut-out scenes and stuff like that, that's only on Blu-ray.
Duh!
We'll rip that sucker in HD and stream it to the 360.
To be honest, I would rather do my HD movies this way.
I just am concerned about space.
TV shows, though, if they're non-HD, no way.
I think iPods got the better setup for that.
Granted, I don't have an iPod right now, but I'm hoping I'll get some gift certificates
for Christmas or something and I might be able to get one after the holiday season or
what-have-you.
So, I like the idea of being able to hook it up into the iPod where there's an 80-gigabyte
drive and I can just get that little cable and take the TV shows anywhere.
The ones that are standard deaf anyway, like if I actually, heaven forbid, bought Pimp
My Ride, I'd obviously have to be smoking marijuana, not Nevada, but somewhere, to be
wanting to download that, but no, no, no, that show is, I like the show, I just wouldn't
pay for the show.
It's a fun show.
It's just like Mythbusters.
I love watching.
That's something that they didn't have on there.
They should have episodes of Mythbusters because that's an awesome show, but, you know, hey,
I noticed something, though.
I noticed that G4 shows weren't on there and that's kind of surprising, too.
I mean, you'd think that a cable network like that would want to, I don't know, sell their
shows to make any sorts of money that they can possibly make.
Good riddance, I say.
I think it's interesting, though, that Microsoft is not embracing yet the online, the huge
resource online there is of free videos and free audio streams such as podcasts and vodcasts
and that whole thing, or I'm sorry, blogcasts and vlogcasts, if you are an Xbox 360 only
type person that won't call them podcasts, so, God, retarded, whatever, I don't care,
whatever.
It's just a word.
Well, okay, I'm curious.
Real quick, Drew, is this something that interests you?
Not really considering I don't even have a 360.
All right, then, enough said.
I guess I asked the wrong person.
I won't bother asking Tiara, then.
Let me think.
Oh, what do you think about this, though, the Trojan horse aspect of this?
Didn't we, I mean, a lot of people were saying this.
It wasn't just us, but a year ago when these next-gen systems were first being formed,
a lot of us said, oh, these are Trojan horses.
They're going to be put in your living room under the guise of a game system, but they're
going to be all this entertainment in a box, and look at it, it's coming to life.
I would also like to point out that the Xbox 360 demo thing that they had where you sat
on the floor and the thing rumbled under your butt, the big speaker thing, that they said
all this.
It was part of their thing when they had the Xbox 360 at E3 years ago.
Oh, so like something that they teased a long time ago.
Yes.
Ah, very interesting.
Of course they want to do that.
Of course.
Their media center PCs aren't selling that great, so they got to sell something that's
like a media center.
So how long before the PlayStation 3 follows?
Instantly.
I mean, seriously, instantly.
As soon as it comes out, it's there.
Where will Nintendo fit into all this, or do they care?
They don't care.
All right.
Nintendo doesn't really have to care.
They're Nintendo.
They don't have to care yet.
I mean, after all, they're not even jumping on the, what is it, online bandwagon yet.
But so anyways, with most everything that's released nowadays or announced for Microsoft,
Sony always has to make a counterpoint to anything.
And their big thing was, oh yeah, this download service sucks.
And you know, in that case, I do have to agree with Sony because, well, you have to, your
hard drive's not really going to be able to accommodate the volume you'll be downloading.
In fact, Microsoft's even pretty much said the same thing.
It was Aaron Greenberg, who was the group product marketing manager, actually said that
they aren't ready to bring out a larger hard drive yet so that basically you can use your
memory card and get your own hard drive and use it to download stuff.
So in other words, because we're too lazy to put out an 80 gig hard drive right now,
you should just buy four 20 gigs to store all this shit.
Yeah, and that's basically kind of the same thing that Sony was saying about their content.
Basically PlayStation 3's content is designed for everyone to enjoy right out of the box,
which is bullshit anyways because you have to buy special cables if you want that nice
HD.
No matter what configuration you purchase, we would never segregate or shut out any of
our consumers from our entertainment experience because they didn't have the top of the line
system.
Both PlayStation 3 versions are available on November 17th, including hard drives for
downloading content and also installing your games onto them so that they can stream faster
because your Blu-ray drive is slow.
But the thing though that is really awesome about the PlayStation 3 though, at least you
can add larger hard drives and thank God for that.
That is at least one thing that they did right.
You could do that with the PS2 as well though, with their HD unit, I'm sorry the hard drive
thing.
Because we put like 150 gig on ours.
Yeah, for non-online Sony game related stuff.
But also a lot of games, especially in Japan, made big use of the hard drive because you
would load a good portion of your game.
Like for example, on TDX6 style, with the hard drive you could load all the songs into
the hard drive and then play the, what was that mode called?
The marathon mode.
Non-stop or whatever it is.
Yeah, the non-stop.
Endless.
Yeah, you could just play endless until you lost.
They even had some games where I believe, wasn't it Final Fantasy XII you could load
onto the hard drive too?
The 2DX Nazis in our chat room are correcting you, it's 5th style, not 6th style.
It was one of those, I was close.
This style was better than 6th style, so yeah.
10 of them available, no, 9 or whatever, I lost count.
A lot.
There's a lot.
I gave up after 8th style, which was the last good one, thank you.
I want to make a comment on this.
Who is this guy that said I need to buy multiple hard drives?
Who was it that said that?
Aaron somebody.
Aaron somebody, fuck a whole lot of you, okay, because look, when your two biggest competitors
are offering something better already, you got no room to be making this statement about
how I should be buying additional 100 gig hard drives.
Don't get me wrong, 360, I still love you, but right now, look, I can get an 80 gig hard
drive in the size of my hand with the iPod, take it wherever I want, and then with the
Sony department, you're going to be able to put whatever hard drive you want in it.
Laptop hard drives are not $100, especially a 20 gig hard drive for a laptop is dirt cheap.
And the fact that you can buy, you know, 150 gig, you know, laptop drive for probably less
than you're going to be spending on whatever their next hard drive that they come out for
the 360, which is probably going to be like 60 or something.
So I don't know, it's just retarded.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on to another topic.
Sticking with Xbox, because I do, you know, even if I think this whole lack of a larger
hard drive thing is a little bit silly, Xbox does do a lot of things right, and one of
them is the Xbox Live Arcade.
Despite the fact that Contra is kind of broken, there are some new games coming out for Xbox
Live Arcade, including, before the end of the year, Assault Heroes, Heavy Weapon, Novadrome,
and yes, Loki, just for you, Small Arms, all coming out before the end of the year.
By the way, Microsoft also this week announced a partnership with Atari to bring some classic
Atari games to Xbox Live in 2007, as if they didn't have enough retro titles.
I've seen pictures of them, too.
Yeah?
They look pretty good.
Well, they've got, you know, kind of like the Konami titles on there.
They have their retro mode and their, you know, kind of remastered mode, I guess.
Well, the games you'll be able to get Warlords, Tempest, Missile Command, Centipede and Millipede,
Battlezone and Asteroids slash Asteroids Deluxe.
And yeah, they're going to have like the evolved mode is what they're calling it in the Atari
games.
Supposedly, you can play games like Warlords online, which I guess is kind of cool, but
I think like most retro games, it will be thrilling for about 20 minutes, and then you'll
be, why did I spend 400 points on this?
Yeah, that's pretty much a lot of the games.
Or if you're Loki, you'll say, are the achievements easy?
Because I need to boost my score, because I'm a stats whore.
Hey, that is true.
So anyways, another thing with the 360, their last...
Hey, would you say when it comes to gamer score that you're a total size queen?
No, I would not use the word queen.
A size king.
Whatever.
Anyways, so for the 360, the last update that they did with 1080p blocked out some of the
wonderful 1080p televisions out there, and there's also been other issues with it just
not being very well, very good.
So of course they are working on a fix right now on it, and it is being addressed, and
hopefully it will be fixed relatively soon.
So I don't know.
Why do people release updates for their systems when they know that they're broken?
Or you know, release games, like for example Call of Duty 3.
Call of Duty 2, okay, perfect example.
The game was released, multiplayer was lagged and bugged, and yeah, it wasn't working correctly.
Call of Duty 3 comes out.
The online is lagged, bugged, and doesn't work correctly.
Didn't you learn from the first one?
Fix the game before it comes out.
Or did you just say, oh fuck, we need to get it out before Christmas.
Oh, who cares if it's not finished.
No one's gonna care, we'll just release a patch later on, they'll be angry, but they'll
buy the next one.
So you know, seriously, finish the game before you release it.
Well at least the boss monster shows up in level 30, right?
Oh yeah.
Well at least they didn't fuck that up.
At least, you know.
That's gonna be my forever question I'm always gonna ask when you tell me a game's broken.
I'm gonna say, does the boss monster show up in level 30?
Because if so, at least they didn't, you know, at least they didn't fuck up as bad as somebody
else I can think of.
That's just crazy.
Hey, you know what, maybe they took a, you know, took a page from Rockstar and just didn't
play the multiplayer mode and just released the game as is.
Oh, do you know what the very first thing I did was when I played Gears of War?
What?
I downloaded a patch.
Yeah, me too.
Non-stop excitement from the moment I hit the power button.
Gears of War is currently sitting on the desk in my living room.
I don't know if it's been played yet.
Gears of War is like a visual orgasm.
It really is.
But I'll have more to say on it next week, because the gameplay I'm starting to question
a little bit, but we'll get to that next week.
I don't play games for how pretty they are, I play them for how well they play.
But, oh, you need to give this one a shot.
I mean it really is, like when they say it's pretty, they fucking mean it.
It's really pretty.
Okay.
Well, speaking of things that I guess some people might think are pretty, like, I don't
know, we actually have one person who plays this game in the room right now.
There's news for Second Life as Junami raises his hand.
Sup?
Well, at any rate, you'll be able to sit around with your virtual friends watching TV in Second
Life.
This is the kind of thing that I go into Second Life to get away from?
Well, they're working with a company called Rivers Run Red that is going to be producing
a TV channel for VirtualLife.tv, and you can install it in your virtual home and watch
the sci-fi channel and other TV.
What?
I'm laughing because this is stupid!
This is so stupid!
I mean, what are you going to do?
Hey, man, want to come over to my virtual pad and hang out?
We'll watch Pimp My Ride.
I mean...
Why, do you think I was doing in the, and you can do this?
I'm not blaming you, but this is, I mean, I get the technological, wow, that's kind
of neat end of it, like, hey, I can watch TV online, but, okay, seriously, if you're
meeting up with other people online to just sit down and watch TV, you can do that in
real life.
Is that being twice as lazy?
I mean, seriously, because if I'm sitting down playing a game where I'm watching TV
in the game, is that, like, twice as, you know, twice as lazy?
Speaking of which, you can actually do that also in Darkness, which is coming out, they're
having streaming video and stuff in their TV shows, so you can actually stop in the
game and watch TV, which I don't know why you would, but...
Funny Dale in our chat wants to know, since when was Second Life a game?
Seriously.
Well, just to say so, that it is launching in November.
What would really be insane would be if your Second Life avatar would log into his virtual
computer and then play Second Life as an item.
Do they have to pay for a virtual cable bill?
Because that would just suck.
I mean, just because you can do something in the game doesn't mean you should.
Well, the virtual police come to my house and bust me because I have a black box installed
on my Second Life TV.
Now, here's the thing with Second Life, can you, like, you know, murder other avatars
and stuff and get away with that, or can you, like, you know, abort your own baby or something?
Can you do, like, pretty much anything you want in this game?
Because that would be kind of cool.
I can see the posts on the Second Life forums now, and I'm really going to anger some fans
of this game, I'm sorry, but take it in good stride, okay?
I can see the posts on the Second Life forums now, alright?
Attention, everyone, you should come over to my house tonight, because we're going to
be watching on my 62-inch Blasma fake screen on Second Life, we're going to be watching
Battlestar Galactica, see you at 7.
Okay, 62-inch screen.
You can go straight to hell, but Punchin' Pie, Punchin' Pie, okay.
Fuck that.
If this is a virtual game, I'm making a TV that's the size of, like, 60 miles, you know,
wide, you know, 40 miles tall, and we'll just, you know, watch TV on that sucker.
You'll be able to see that TV anywhere in this world.
That's the way you got to do it, you know, if this is a fucking virtual world, then fucking
the sky should be a TV, I mean, seriously.
What's the point?
I'm just going to make the walls of my house a giant television that plays pornography
for all the neighbors.
There you go.
Now you're thinking, that's the dumbest idea I have ever heard.
So dumb.
Well, I find it doubly dumb since I don't actually watch TV, so, you know, if I want
to watch TV, I have the internet.
Not for watching virtual TV, I download it and watch it at my convenience.
Wait a second.
Wait a second.
Could in this game, could I, say, have my character watch TV of another character watching
his TV of another character watching his TV?
Like reality shows in Second Life?
Yeah.
Second Life Survivor?
So we can watch somebody in Second Life on the Second Life TV watching their Second Life
TV is the ultimate in boring.
I am positive it can be done.
All we have to do is find out how.
Moving on to the topics before we get all the hate mail from the Second Life fans.
Look, you know, I'll give you this.
If the goal of Second Life is to, like, recreate life, then having the ability to just kind
of go somewhere and hang out, watch TV, is a big step, is one small step for man.
One giant leap for virtual man.
Forget it.
Wii component cables, hey, the Nintendo Wii's coming out and remember the component cables.
There's this whole back and forth where Perry and Kaplan said, yes, you're going to be able
to get the components cables in stores, but then the internet's like, but you lied to
us before, lady, when you said that the thing would be region free.
Well, this is what's up is that there's actually only going to be three retailers that you
can get it at for now.
Circuit City, GameStop, and Best Buy.
And I'm assuming when they say GameStop, they mean EB Games as well.
So those will be the places that you can get the component cables.
So if you're getting your Wii somewhere else, like Toys R Us, I didn't see them on the list,
you may have to go to one of the other retailers to get your component cables if you are a
480p whore.
Not surprised.
And why?
Because they're running in the shortages on everything for the Nintendo Wii.
Accessories, Zelda, Excite Truck, they cannot produce them fast enough.
And I'm wondering if they just spent all this time trying to produce the units and cut back
on the accessories and other stuff because that's where, I mean, as far as my company,
that's what we're running into, allocations on everything, accessories and games and you
name it.
So eliminating it down to three different stores, which I'm sure they paid a fat little
bonus to Nintendo for that privilege, makes perfect sense to me.
The chat room's still fixated on the Second Life thing and there's a good comment here
so I want to read it.
Footy Monster says, Second Life does open a way of people who cannot be physically together
to actually hang out.
I'll give you that.
And that's kind of cool and World of Warcraft is very similar and a lot of these MMOs are
very similar but, like, you're going to hang out and watch TV.
That's what you're going to do.
Let me put it this way.
That'd be like, you know, the equivalent of, okay, I'm flying, okay, to the other side
of the world to meet a pen pal or whatever and once I get there, what do I do?
I've spent all this money, all this time, you know, building up for this moment.
Hey man, you want to watch some TV?
Yeah, sure, let's watch.
I mean, that's like a big, like, waste of time.
What did you say, Tiara?
What did you say?
I said that just described my trip here.
Look, if you're going to spend all that money to fly out and meet your pen pal, at least
do some fucking because that's...
Actually, actually, actually, actually, actually.
Because you know that expectation is there somewhere.
We did share a bad chance for Cisco.
It was really, yeah.
Well Chris and Megsy met...
And what do you think they do when they meet up in real life?
Do you think they read the Bible and, you know, pray together?
No, they're doing some fucking.
Here's the better one.
When you have friends that come over and both are on the computer, like, you know, Rob,
if you and Shane are over here, you'll be playing, you know, Phantasy Star Universe
or something like that.
Both of you playing Second Life and watching TV in Second Life together, you're in the
same room, not communicating to each other, but you're still watching the TV in the game.
That's awesome.
My mind has just been blown.
Anyways, back to actual, you know...
So I just wanted to say, if you can't afford the whole plane ticket thing because you can't
get out there and have sex with the person that you've been talking to online, the least
you can do instead of watching TV in Second Life is do some cyber fucking, because that's
as close as you can get.
Damn straight.
So anyways, on to actual real uses for your TV.
Nintendo Virtual Console.
It's definitely a big thing and right now it's speculated that you're not going to be
able to have rumble in your Nintendo 64 games.
Why?
Because your Nintendo 64 games are going to be using the classic controller and there
is no rumble for that.
Now that's interesting.
I mean, also when you think about the Nintendo 64, not all the controllers had rumbles.
You had to basically buy the rumble pack for it.
So I don't know if that's a huge thing.
I guess like in games like Ocarina of Time where that was important because they rumble
for hidden treasure and stuff.
I don't know.
But I remember reading somewhere that it's speculated that you're still going to have
rumble in the games because apparently on the back of the classic controller you'll
be able to snap the Wii remote to it and it will use the Wii remote to rumble.
So I don't know if this is something that's coming later on or if, you know, right now
of course nobody that has their Wii can check that out because, well, the online service
for both the Virtual Console and anything else, the news, weather, etc. is not available
so they can't try it yet.
But I guess we'll find out on the 19th when all that launches and, I don't know, is that
a deal breaker you think for the Nintendo 64 games and not having any rumble?
I personally don't care.
I don't think it's the end of the world.
I seem to recall most games that make use of the rumble feature will also do the exclamation
points or whatever the hell it is.
So I don't think it's going to be a deal breaker.
I think it just goes to show though that emulation will only go so far and if you want to play
the real deal, go play the real deal.
Dig out your Nintendo 64 out of the trash if you're Loki.
And ask him what he did with his Nintendo 64.
Ask him.
I could have given it to somebody.
Exactly.
I could have, but I didn't.
I'm allowed.
You know why I threw it away too, because I'm just going to buy the games on the Virtual
Console?
Mario Kart cannot come out faster on the Wii.
I still think nothing is as cool as playing it on the system it was made for, which is
why I have 40-something video game systems taking up a whole room in my house, which
is true.
Well, of course, that's no secret to anybody because I'm a big nerd, but what is a secret
is, well, actually, no, that's not a secret either because there are no more Wii secrets.
If anyone thinks that Nintendo is holding something, no, Reggie says so himself.
So saith Reggie, so be it.
So my Wii isn't going to be able to secretly print money?
No.
Because I was really hoping to have this reaction on launch day.
50-dollar bill!
50-dollar bill!
50-dollar bill!
50-dollar bill!
God!
50-dollar bill!
50-dollar bill!
Because, you know, I heard the Wii was going to print money, so I was excited.
Only for Nintendo.
We have a story later on that might be true.
What, that the Wii prints money?
You might be able to make it print money.
Awesome!
And also, of course, there's the plan about the four million unit launch, which, what
is, is that the biggest unit launch, do you think?
The biggest launch?
Yeah.
I don't, I have no idea.
That's pretty crazy.
That's a big unit.
That is.
It's a powerful Wii.
What a mighty, mighty Wii.
Would you say it was a big unit?
Dark Sakura?
I'm not interested in the big unit.
One of the biggest units you've ever seen?
Let's see, speaking of big units that will cost you big money, GameStop is putting together
this big bundle of Wii.
It's a 700-dollar Wii mega bundle, and basically, this is the only way that you can get a Wii
through their website early, because remember, this is the same shit they pulled with the
Xbox 360, is that, you know, hey, you want to have the Xbox 360 right now?
Okay, buy our 1,000-dollar bundle that has all these games with it.
Sold out.
Yeah, I know.
I was getting to that.
God damn it, stop ruining the punchline.
So the Wii is 250, you get the SD card, which is 60 bucks, an additional Wiimote for 40,
six games totaling $300, a 12-month product replacement plan, and, whoopty shit, a GameInformer
gift subscription.
So, you know, the talk online was, don't support this bullshit!
This is extortion, in a way.
Right?
They know people want this system, so this is how they're doing it.
So don't support it, and then the damn thing sells out in like five minutes.
We were going to band together as gamers and teach these corporate dickheads a lesson that
they can't make me buy Super Monkey Banana Ball Blitz whatever shit Wii game that I don't
really want.
That'll last.
It sold out in an hour.
You know, I almost bought Super Monkey Banana Blitz.
Well, whatever.
I'm sure there's lots of Super Monkey Ball fans out there.
I'm just picking on your game for no particular reason.
I'm in the mood tonight.
You know the 1GB SD memory card for $59.99?
You can get one for about 20 bucks at, I believe, Newegg or something like that.
Definitely not $60 for a 1GB SD memory card, so that's a ripoff right there.
In the 12 month Game Informer gift subscription, lame, trust me.
That's $15 right there.
Going to the chatroom and reading some comments, Raven's Dolphin says, well look at the PlayStation
3 sky.
Ooh, zing.
Because of the whole fact that maybe I don't want a freaking Blu-ray player.
But then again, that's kind of a necessary component, right, because the games are going
to be Blu-ray.
Let's see.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, but not everyone likes the same games as you, Rob.
Maybe those people wanted all the games packaged in, and so they bought this bundle so they
would save money.
You know what?
I beg to differ.
They don't save any money.
Look at the games you're getting.
Twilight Princess, Trauma Center, Red Steel, Marvel Ultimate Alliance, Super Monkey Ball
Banana Blitz, and Madden NFL 2007.
You mean to tell me the same person that's going to buy Red Steel is going to buy Monkey
Ball Banana Blitz and Madden 2007 is interested in all those games together?
There's not one Poopy game in that list, depending on who you are?
Madden is Poopy.
Madden for the Wii is not exactly Poopy.
Madden is not Poopy at all, if you like football games.
But I'm saying that I don't think you like every single one of those genres.
Maybe it's the opposite.
Maybe you're a Madden fan, and that's the game you want, because throwing the football
with a controller is kind of fucking cool, even for somebody who may not be into football
games.
But do I really want Monkey Ball?
Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz is pretty awesome.
They've got tons of cool mini-games, and apparently it's both for kids and people that are really
hardcore into that game.
I think we've overlooked, though, the main selling point.
It's the Family Pack.
No.
Jeremy Todd 1 seems to agree with you.
Well, the Wii is marketed towards the whole family, so the kids would like the child games
and the older people would like the Red Steel Madden.
I'll give you that.
And then again, all six, and of course JV Mon says, I preordered Monkey Ball and Red
Steel.
Okay.
But did you preorder Madden?
Is that game interesting you too?
Would you say all six of those games are something that interests you?
Footy Monster says they are good games in general.
No, I don't.
I haven't played them yet.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance is just a shitty port.
That's all it is.
So the game itself is good, but I mean, it's just a port.
So whatever.
Alright.
Anyway, all this forced extortion of money and forcing me to buy Monkey Ball when I don't
really want it, it ruffles my feathers and it makes me very angry.
And as you can already tell, I'm in a bit of a mood tonight.
I don't know why.
There's no particular reason for it.
I think Tiara brings some type of energy with her that makes me more, I don't know.
I think it's gas from your lunch.
Maybe.
From that yummy pumpkin cheesecake.
We went to the Cheesecake Factory today.
Good stuff.
Wait, you're going to put me in a good mood, and that's not the time to be in a good mood.
Rob, they're out of cheesecake.
People die.
It's time, of course, for the FUs of the week, and I have one, and one that's the size of
an entire city.
FU to most of the drivers in San Francisco for being retarded, and the whole town for
being laid out so funny and getting me lost.
Even the power of the double horns did not make the people move out of my way, or almost
run into me, or stop in the middle of the damn, not in the middle of the lane I was
in, but between two lanes.
Oh, God.
Just when I think my road rage might have subsided a bit, I drive in San Francisco,
and then it comes back, and then I want to kill.
I imagine how I'm going to kill them in slow, painful ways, like using a cheese grater and
lemon juice.
I'm good.
Okay, FU to game blog sites that posting pictures of the Wii in play, or posting, I don't know,
stupid details like, it comes in a box, with cords, and stuff.
That is not news.
Please stop reporting it.
I mean, my God.
I know everyone's excited for this console launch, but I do not need to see stop motion
of you pulling the damn console out of a box.
You know what, though, I'm exempting Kotaku from this, FU, because the video of his kid
playing the system was so fucking adorable, I went to go, oh, they're so cute, they're
so cute.
So I'm exempting Kotaku from this.
At least that's a creative way of doing it, but it, I mean, we had news stories about
how the Wii can be used as a whiteboard.
I mean, come on.
Just because it's shiny, you can put dry erase pens on it, big deal, but it's not news.
Pooeater agrees with you.
I don't give a shit about you playing the Wii.
I care about me playing the Wii.
Exactly.
Alright.
My FU of the week goes to Baskin-Robbins, because the way they scoop their ice cream,
like all the ice cream comes up at the top, and none of it ever falls into the cone.
So it's like, you know, by the time I eat my ice cream, because they eat my ice cream
fast, there's no ice cream left in the cone, so it's like I have this empty cone with nothing
to do with, and it's kind of sad.
That was seriously the best thing I could come up with tonight.
Eat the cone.
I'm not that angry all these, okay, no, then I'll give them this.
FU to the fact that, still with Baskin-Robbins, when you rip off the paper, sometimes like
some of the paper gets stuck to the cone, and it's like, I have to eat paper?
You need to eat the glue.
Ew.
Ew.
FU to paper cone things.
T-R-R-R-R-R-R-R.
Do you have a FU?
I would just like to say FU to Marvel for taking so freaking long to finish Ultimate
Wars Volume 2.
The last issue came out last month, and the next issue that will wrap it up, which only
needed probably about five pages to finish the entire series, will come out December
20th.
So that kind of sucks.
Hi.
Drew Nami.
All right, first of all, shared FU for everyone.
FU to MySpace, your site design sucks ass.
Your members don't know web design were shit.
Give them a quiz before they're allowed to make a profile, please.
And FU to people who verb nouns.
Verbing nouns suck.
Stop verbing nouns.
And on that note, let's move on to our next story because, oh, our next story is Join
Our MySpace.
We have a MySpace profile over at www.myspace.com slash orange lounge radio.
Hear clips from the show.
Add us to your friends list.
Comment on our profile with cute little YouTube videos because that's what people do on MySpace.
Let's talk about upcoming release dates.
Hey, Loki, I heard Full Auto 2 on the PSPs coming out.
I was really surprised to hear that because I had no idea it was in development.
That was a real surprise.
Yeah, that's a complete shocker to me.
I'm glad someone came out and said that because if not, I would have had to have said it on
every single show for a long time now.
Well, thank God 1UP reported on it because now it's true because nothing is true until
1UP reports on it.
It's not necessarily just 1UP.
Everybody reported on it because they finally put out a press release about it.
But my God, how many fucking weeks do I need to tell you guys something's coming out and
no one picks up on the story until, oh, look, hey, guess what?
Some other website posted about this, so now it's true.
Well, poopy on you.
You know what?
This is a show special, so the people who listen to this show, you're like a special
club.
You get to know this first.
Fine.
Anyways, so some other special stuff you get to know first, Full Auto 2 Battle Lines for
the PS3.
If you're waiting for that as a launch title, guess what?
It's not coming out at launch.
It'll be coming out December 13th instead, so ha, that's karma for you, Sega.
Also along the same lines, Blazing Angels for the PlayStation 3, also not coming out
until December 13th.
Not a big surprise.
Rainbow Six Vegas, also another game being delayed until January 31st for the PlayStation
3, so that's very interesting.
Now for the 360, you've seen the Xbox Live Arcade Unplugged Volume 1 pack come out back
in September.
Well, now they're starting to do a brand new thing, kind of like the old PlayStation 2
demo discs that they released, their jam-packed discs.
Well now they have this brand new thing called Xbox 360 Exhibition.
It's going to be $5.99 retail and it'll feature six demos, including Madden NFL 07, Dead Rising,
F.E.A.R., Fusion Frenzy 2, Lego Star Wars 2, and also six HD videos, including Halo
3, Splinter Cell Double Agent, Gears of War, Rainbow Six Vegas, etc.
And this is meant for someone, of course, that does not have Xbox Live, so they wouldn't
have access to this, or they just didn't want to buy the Xbox official magazine.
Or you just really want to pay for demos.
Apparently.
So it is out there, it's coming out on the 22nd, the one year anniversary.
I have $6 to spend and I just don't know what to do with it.
Not really interested in a combo meal from a local fast food restaurant.
I can tell you what you would spend this money on, and it's goddamn not a 360 Exhibition,
Sneak King.
Sneak King is what you can spend your money on Sneak King and hell, you have enough money
for some fries and a Coke, there you go.
So...
No, you're wrong.
Wrong, because you have to get a combo meal to get the game, so you actually need more
than $6.
Whatever.
You just got served, you got BK served.
You're still hungry, you would spend the money on lunch anyways, it's just, you know, whatever.
Now you get Sneak King.
No, this is what I'll do, I'll get Drew, I'll say, Drew, don't you want to go out to eat
and make him buy the meal, and then I'll buy the game.
Money saved.
Don't you want some chicken fries?
Don't you want some chicken fries?
Yeah, I do.
Anyways, so, you know, getting back into the swing of things here, now, this week actually
for games is probably the largest week of the entire year, and that said, there's not
a lot of good stuff coming out actually, which is really sad, but for the 360 though, there
are some pretty interesting things, Dead or Alive Extreme 2 is finally making its way
out into the market, so if you're looking for a lot of TNA, well, you won't have to
wait much longer.
Also Rainbow Six Vegas for the 360.
That's the way to get some chicken fries and some TNA.
Aragon is coming out on PlayStation 2, Xbox, the 360, and then the portable systems.
Pimp My Ride on PlayStation 2, actually, no, I forgot that one got delayed a week.
But anyways, what were you going to say there, Rob?
Something really sarcastic about Pimp My Ride the game, but I really need to shut up tonight,
because we're going to get angry emails, you know, Rob talks too much on the program.
I downloaded this podcast having no idea that Rob would talk so much, I mean, his fucking
picture is on the little album art, but I never knew he would talk so much.
More lesbians!
More lesbians!
Okay, let's see, lots of PlayStation 3 games, of course, all the launch stuff, Mobile Suit,
Gundam, Crossfire, NHL 2K7, NBA 2K7, Ridge Racer 7, then of course a bunch of Wii titles,
you know, Avatar Last Airbender, Red Steel, Excite Truck, Legend of Zelda, Twilight Princess,
pretty much everything that you want for the Wii is coming out Red Steel.
Other than all that stuff, Bionicle Heroes is coming out on PlayStation 2, GameCube 360,
the DS, Game Boy Advance, Tomb Raider is finally coming out on the Nintendo systems, Capcom
Classics Collection Volume 2 is on PlayStation 2 and Xbox, the Sega Genesis Collection finally
coming out, Guitar Man Lives on the PSP, Final Fantasy III on the DS, Gunpei on PlayStation
2 and the DS, and then of course, there's just so much crap coming out, it's amazing.
Yeah, more than I would even want to list.
All your PlayStation 3 launch titles, all your Wii launch titles, a lot of other stuff
mixed in there, WWE Smackdown vs. Raw 07, this is just too much shit.
You know the commercial Nintendo should have aired, this Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, come on
down and get your Nintendo Wii, we've got Big Twilight Princess, we've got Super Wookie
Bobbin' in the Blitz, Controllers Will Move, this Sunday, Sunday, Sunday at the arena,
oh and Sonic the Hedgehog, Excite Truck, and Chicken Prize, Sonic the Hedgehog on the 360's
all coming out this week, pass.
Well how about a little bit different release news?
Did you play the demo, I mean it was poopy, I mean it was very poopy, Sonic the Hedgehog
360?
Yes.
Yeah it was poop.
I talked about that last week.
I know you did.
Were that all for our US release dates?
I'm done, no.
Uh huh.
Was that all for our US release dates?
Yeah, there's too much for me to list, I mean honestly, Polarium Advanced, I mean if you
really want to buy that.
Well, we've got a few releases coming up for the UK.
14th November, we have EverQuest 2 Echoes of Thadewire for PC, 17th a good number, Asterix
Noble XXL 2 Mission Las Vegas on PSP and DS, dude I miss Asterix Noble X, I used to read
these comics back in the day, Gears of War on the 17th, Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter
Premium Edition on Xbox 360, Heroes of Might and Magic 5 Hammers of Fate Luminesce 2 on
PSP, Mind Quiz on PSP, Superman Returns the Video Game on DS, Sims 2 Pets on GBA, so have
fun.
Others just a little bit of other stuff to look forward to within the month is Rule of
Rose, Neo Geo Battle Colosseum, Guitar Hero 2 on the 24th.
Instead of have fun, wouldn't that be, have a jolly old time, have a jolly old time, I'm
just kidding.
The chat room's asking who fed me sugar before the show, Jamie actually, she brought me a
cookie.
I brought cookies.
It was like a coffee cookie, so it was sugar and caffeine and apparently it was laced with
crack.
Apparently.
Yeah.
That's right, I had Tiara's Latte Cheesecake too.
It all comes together.
Hey Japan, how about some release dates?
You guys have the PS3 now, so you're getting some games this week, including Majang Kakuto
Club which comes out November 16th, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 on November 17th, and Need
for Speed Carbon on November 20th.
You've got to wait until December 2nd for the Wii though, sorry kids.
You do get a lot of PlayStation 2 releases coming out this week.
You get Rhapsodia, which is going into the Konami The Best series, it's actually getting
a little bit of a price cut, and let's see, White Princess II is coming out on the 16th
as well.
That also appears to be going into a collection.
This game is also going into a collection, and this might be my import title of the week.
It's Kashi Mashi Girl Meets Girl.
Hey, I want that one.
I'll bet it does.
Girl Meets Girl, and much Kashi Mashi ensues.
Let's see, we also have on the Nintendo DS Puzzle Series Volumes 5, 6, and 7 from Hudson,
Magic Taizen and Akumajo Dracula, that's just a bundle there, Gallery of Labyrinth comes
out.
Oh, that's the Portrait of Ruin title, that's what they're calling it over in Japan.
That's not a bundle, sorry kids, that's just that game.
If you're a PSP player, Metal Gear Acid 2 is going into the best this week on the 16th.
You get a Sudoku game from Hudson on the 16th, and Gunpei, oh wait, that's the 20th, sorry,
you've got to wait a little while longer for that one.
And that's all I've got for you.
Excellent.
Well, with the Wii coming out here pretty soon, and of course Virtual Console also launching
relatively soon, there's lots of titles coming out, and more of course being leaked by the
ESRB, including some gun games, Duck Hunt, Hogan's Alley, Kid Icarus, Kirby's Adventure,
Pilot Wings, Pro Wrestling, Punch Out, and Wild Gunman.
In other words, seriously, the games I really want.
I mean, that's what this pack is right here.
The games I really want.
It's the Rob pack.
As opposed to the first pack, which was like games I kind of will buy if I have extra money.
These are the games that are like Kid Icarus, Hogan's Alley, they used to have that game
at, what was that place called, that Burger Joint, Flaky Jake's, remember that place?
That's what FUD Records used to be years ago.
They had a freaking, yeah, somebody who's lived here a long time knows what I'm talking
about.
They had a Hogan's Alley machine back in the day, and Wild Gunman is like the most simple
game ever made.
Have you ever played Wild Gunman?
No.
That's the concept of Wild Gunman.
The person goes, draw, and you fire the zapper gun as fast as you can.
That's all it is.
It's basically, they could re-release this game as push the button fast, and that's exactly
what it is.
It was in Back to the Future, Loki, if you remember Back to the Future.
Yeah, I remember that.
That's the game that was there.
Was it also in the Karate Kid?
No, I might be on crack.
No, that was skeet shooting.
Never mind.
I'm on crack.
Well, it's kind of stupid, though, that they have Dunk Hunt coming out anyways, because
I mean, was it that Wii Play game was pretty much Duck Hunt anyways?
Of course, we're not getting Wii Play, because we're the United States, and the fucking UK
gets it.
Bastards.
It would be nice if they would rename Hogan's Alley Hogan Knows Best's Alley, because then
I could zap Brooke, and that would bring me endless days of excitement.
Hogan's Heroes Alley.
Hogan!
The Hogan Family Alley.
I just killed Sandy Duncan.
And if you caught that reference, you totally are an 80s child.
Even Matt's laughing at that one.
Wow.
I don't even know why.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Don't you remember The Hogan Family?
Never mind, forget it.
No.
I remember The Hogan Family.
Thank you.
You know what else I remember?
What?
When this show was good?
Yeah.
I remember when we were in episode 2.
Was it Mike?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I asked off mic.
Oh.
Yep.
Yes, it's your turn to read a story, Jamie.
Tell us a story!
Tell us a story, Jamie.
Okay.
In other news, the ferret is on fire.
Good.
Whatever.
Yeah, guess what?
Namco has registered new Katamari Damacy trademarks, so we can get more ball rolling
in.
We have beautiful Katamari Damacy, Katamari Damacy Trybian, and there was an application
filed for Katamari Damacy-kun.
Ball rolling.
And to think I skipped the PSP version of Katamari.
Hey, we talked about man cannons the other week.
Can you roll a Katamari into a man cannon?
What would happen?
That would be a...
A big black cock.
Wow.
That reference is about 150 episodes old, and people aren't going to get it, and they're
going to go, what the fuck is wrong with Jamie?
29, look it up.
Oh, Drunami knows what episode number.
You are sad.
You're adored.
You are sad.
It was my first time in the studio.
29.
29, he says.
All right.
Anyway, sorry.
Oh, my turn.
Xbox Live is getting another new game very soon, and this is one I know that's near and
dear to at least one person's heart in this room, Worms.
You remember Worms?
Yeah.
Worms HD is coming.
Right now, plans for announcements are being discussed with Microsoft right now.
The game is in final certification stages, so maybe we'll get this by the end of the
year.
That would be rad.
Hopefully.
But I don't know.
Rumor is that the release calendar is full for the year, so this might have to wait until
next year.
Oh!
Here's my thought.
Are we getting another UNO pack?
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
God, that's...
You know, if another game gets delayed, I really can't fucking wait for the Viva Pinata
UNO pack.
I just...
God, I'm on pins and fucking needles waiting for that.
I have 100 points saved just so I can buy the Viva Pinata UNO pack.
I hope one of these games...
No!
Of course I'm lying!
This game could be put in when some other game gets delayed if it's ready to go.
You know one of those other games is going to get delayed because they're going to go,
gee, when we do the upscrolling level, it looks completely different on two different
screens.
Anyway, Worms is the game, of course.
It's like scorched earth!
It's scorched earth in wormy form.
And you know, you fire bombs and blast them and you know, all that stuff.
Banana bombs.
Holy hand grenades!
Yes!
Super sheep!
I've actually been quoting lines from Monty Python all weekend, and I was quoting the
holy hand grenade thing at the Metreon.
Oh lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that it might blow thine enemies to tiny bits,
in thy mercy.
Oh, at the wax museum, that's right.
Something completely different, you say?
How about Linux on the Wii?
I was going to say Wii on Linux.
That'd be a little weird.
No, but anyways, yes, Wii and Linux.
WEE-lee, you say, yes, that's actually what it's called, WEE-lee, and it's being done.
I see what you did there.
Yeah, okay, anyways, so it's actually being worked on, and supposedly they're going to
start beta testing this thing as soon as the Wii comes out, because it's based on the GameCube
Linux as well.
Some things that they're aiming to be able to do with this, surfing the internet using,
you know, the control, of course, as a mouse pointer, even though you can do that anyways.
Wii media extender, to stream movies and music and stuff from your PC to the Wii and to your
TV.
They said, basically, think Apple ITV for free.
Write document with a regular USB keyboard and print with any USB printer.
So you could print money, huh, huh, see?
Email and chat with your friends.
50 dollar bill, 50 dollar bill, 50 dollar bill, guys, 50 dollar bill, sorry I was late.
Play classic games using the MAME console emulator, that'd be an irony right there.
Develop your own programs and games, control WEE-lee from your PC using a Wi-Fi connection,
and use WEE-lee and the Wii as a network attached storage by connecting it to an external USB
hard drive.
And pretty much anything else you can do on a PC.
So I don't know, that's pretty cool.
I've signed up to, hopefully, beta test this, so probably more of the come as the Wii gets
launched.
Oh, WEE-lee.
WEE-lee.
I'm waiting for the picture of the owl.
And now that I've said, oh, is there, oh, there it is.
Oh, no, that's the Linux penguin, that's not an owl.
But it's dressed up like Mario.
I know, that's cute.
No, I'm waiting for the, you know, the famous owl that says, oh, really, I'm waiting for
the, oh, WEE-lee one.
Oh.
All right.
Anyway, sorry to encourage that behavior on the internet.
Oh, come on, you know you like to encourage mass hysteria.
Speaking of mass hysteria, this won't really encourage any of it, but it's kind of cool.
For those five people still playing Animal Crossing DS, which I need to actually clean
out my village and start doing that because this is pretty cool, with the launch of Twilight
Princess on 19th November, Nintendo will be giving away a very special and rare gift in
Animal Crossing according to their press release.
If you connect via Nintendo Wi-Fi during the week of November 17th through 24th, you'll
receive a letter from Nintendo, which will show up in your mailbox, and you will receive
an attached item.
So it could be anything.
Accompanied with the letter will be a corrupt item that will erase your save and say, go
buy a Wii, stop playing the DS.
No, it'll be a flower that you put in your house and then you can't put anything in that
corner of your house.
Oh, wait, they already did that.
I actually went to NintendoWifi.com just to prove Jamie wrong because I like to do that,
and it shows 20 random Wi-Fi players, and look at that, six people are playing Animal
Crossing Wild World right now.
We have Danny Boy is playing, and Phil is playing, and IJ, and Mike, and Christina with
a lowercase c because she's poetic, and look at this, Rob is playing Animal Crossing right
now.
Hey, Rob, this is just for you.
There may only be six people in the world playing Animal Crossing Wild World right this
moment, but 1.5 million people are playing Final Fantasy XII.
At least that's what Square Enix will have you believe because they sent out a press
release earlier this week saying that Final Fantasy XII has 1.5 million units on shelves.
Okay, well, I guess 1.5 million people aren't really playing it, but yet there's that many
copies in circulation, so soon 1.5 million people will be playing it.
Final Fantasy XII, by the way, for the records, did 2.4 million copies in Japan, so it will
be interesting to see.
Wouldn't it be interesting if it sold more here than it did in Japan?
Well, we all know Dragon Quest is the bigger game in Japan, so I don't know.
By the way, Final Fantasy XII, brand new record for the total number of units shipped for
the franchise.
Good job, Squeenix.
Good job.
Some other interesting stuff.
Now next time make the graphics less pixelated, thank you.
Some interesting stuff for fans of Guitar Hero.
Guitar Hero 2, of course, you may remember with the demo, it actually blocked the Ant
Commandos controllers from working with it, and apparently that's the case also if you
have purchased your Guitar Hero controller from them before October 1st.
If you have, then it will not work with Guitar Hero 2 unless you purchase an adapter, which
I believe is free, but don't hold me to that.
Once you get the adapter, I guess everything's...
Oh, I'm sorry, the adapter is $6.99, so yeah, if you want to play with that controller,
you're going to have to pay another $7.
But the other controllers beyond that will work with Guitar Hero 2.
Apparently anything that did circumvent third-party controllers has been broken already.
We kind of knew that would be coming, though.
I mean, that's the Ant Commandos business right there, so they had to get around it
somehow, right?
Yeah.
Drew, you've been playing Guitar Hero 2 quite a bit, right?
I see you posting about it.
Are you interested at all in these third-party controllers or any of that?
Not really, I just don't really see any interest in them.
I've got my SG controller from the first game, and I don't really need another one.
If I feel like I'm kind of over Guitar Hero, like seriously, the hype around Guitar Hero
has seriously ruined Guitar Hero for me for some weird reason?
I don't know.
Like, you know how when you were the only person that listened to this band, and then
suddenly everybody's listening to the band, and you're like, it's just not so special
anymore?
Yeah, that's kind of how I feel about Guitar Hero.
I mean, call me an elitist, whatever, but am I doing myself a disservice by not checking
out Guitar Hero 2?
Yes.
Yes, absolutely yes, yes, very yes.
Oh!
Oh!
Tiara says no.
Why is that?
Because if you spent all the time that you spend playing Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero
2 learning to play an actual guitar, think of all the amazing songs you could play.
Wait, weren't you telling me a story earlier today about somebody that was in a guitar
class?
Tell me the story about the girl in the guitar class.
Okay, this involves my boyfriend, Adam.
He's taking a guitar class at the community college, and there's a girl in his class
who was asking him, you know, do you believe in psychics, and explaining something about
this one particular psychic.
Anyways, Adam told her, the only psychic I believe in is Professor Charles Xavier.
And so her response was, does he teach at this campus?
That doesn't have anything to do with Guitar Hero.
Wait, but you were telling me, okay, yeah, okay, haha, she's stupid.
But the other part about this was, wait, what was this, she asked him if he knew Boston,
or what was this?
Oh yeah, apparently all she plays is Guitar Hero because she asked him if he had ever
heard of a band called Boston.
And the song that she mentioned was the song on the original Guitar Hero.
And every time that she says that she likes a band, and he asks what songs that she likes
from that band, it's the song that's on Guitar Heroes, and she doesn't know any
of the other songs.
Hey, you know what, I give her credit though for at least taking Tiara's advice and going
to take a real guitar class instead of playing Guitar Hero 2.
No, I'm sure it's a great game, I just, there's other games I wanted more.
I'll get it now.
I'll get the 360 version.
I swear to you I will buy the 360 one, like launch day.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
I will shove this mic up your butt.
Rob!
What?
You can come to my house and play.
I just might.
Okay.
I heard on a Bobby show tonight that it supports Progressive Scan, that's kinda cool.
It looks really nice on my TV.
Rob, that's special.
What?
I'll get a copy for you, and I'll put it on my Playstation 2, and you can play on
that.
Okay, sounds good.
No, I'll get the 360 version.
That's what I said earlier.
I don't see the point in getting the Playstation 2 one when we know the 360 one will be better
because of its expandability.
So I can wait.
Can you?
I sold mine, so yes.
Alright, on that note, we're going to go to a little bit of a break because obviously
I need a sedative, so I'm gonna go take some Tylenol PM during this break, and we'll
be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio after a little bit of a break.
Thank you, everybody, for being with us, and we'll see you in the next one.
