Tonight, November 5th, 2006, more details on Wii's Virtual Console, movie news for
Halo, Castlevania, and yes, Street Fighter, and our HD movies coming to the Xbox marketplace.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another episode of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that internet radio program dedicated to all things video games and video gaming,
the gaming culture and the gaming lifestyle, so on and so on.
We've been here for the past four and a half years serving you.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only, the lovely Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I got a snake, Meng.
Maybe she's not so lovely, actually.
Last night I fed my snake some beer.
I was slithering this way and that.
Come to think of it, she's rather vulgar, actually, and kind of offensive.
You redid the hair, though.
I like this new hairstyle.
Yeah, my hair is pretty now.
We need the new promo pics for OLR because you have way different hair now and I've got
the facial hair.
The old picture is when I had fuchsia hair, when it was that bright pink and very, very
curly.
Now I straighten my hair and it's cherry red and black.
I'll tell you what, chat room, I'll put up the picture that I took with my smell phone
earlier.
I'm great for being vulgar and offensive.
All right.
Speaking of vulgar and offensive, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm okay.
Yeah?
No new hairstyle for you, though.
You still look the same as always.
Yes.
Yeah.
But I do notice you're wearing a gaming-related shirt today.
Where did you come across this?
From work, actually.
Got it from Eidos.
It's a shirt for just cause.
Remind the listeners, for those that are listening to Orange on Australia for the first time,
because we get a lot of new listeners every week, especially thanks to XB Stream.
We show up on these random Xbox 360s of people who download the program and through iTunes
we're always getting new people.
Remind folks what it is you do for a living and how you get some interesting insight because
of it.
I work at a video distributor and a video game distributor, so we have a lot of contact
with big publishing companies out there like Microsoft and whatnot.
So yeah, every now and then we do this annual kind of sales conferencing with the game publishers
and they bring us free stuff.
Not so much this year, though.
They didn't bring us as much free stuff.
But I did get a shirt from...
Poor baby.
Yeah.
I got a shirt from Eidos, so for just cause, and Nelly says this is a Russian propaganda
shirt or a communist propaganda shirt.
That's what it looks like.
It's an interesting shirt.
I don't know why, but the look of it reminds me of those Che Guevara posters that you see.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just me.
I'm just crazy.
All right.
Anyway, in all seriousness, we have no guest right now.
I think Miklotov's going to come in for part B. He's out eating food with some of the non-show
people that hang out here at the apartment.
But we do have our chat room over at orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat.
Always filled with lots of exciting people who apparently were cheering on the vulgar
and offensive.
I see DMN was saying, yay, vulgar and offensive.
So they love it.
Just to let the chat room know, I am sending that picture to myself now via my email.
And so you will see it in a few.
All right.
Sounds good.
Anyway, by the way, the reason why I had Loki kind of tell what he does is because we have
some interesting juicy tidbits tonight, some real good stuff.
But before we get to that, we have to talk about our gaming weeks.
We always do.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week, I didn't actually play anything.
I tried to play a little bit more PSU, but kind of got sidetracked.
I did get new games today.
I got...
What was the name of that game again?
No, I can't believe I forgot the name of it already.
Oh, yeah.
Trauma Center Under the Knife, so that I can cut into people and be the Uber surgeon.
And I also, thanks to my dear, dear, dear, dear friend who I hope is listening, have
the Final Fantasy XII special pack with the collector art book.
Very cool.
That's a lot of money.
I didn't buy the collector art book.
We went to a GameStop in San Jose, and she's like, go look in the back and price this game
for me.
Okay, but you can just...
Go in the back!
Okay.
So I look back, and she's huddled over the counter, and I'm like, oh shit.
Because I know when she tells somebody to go look at something, and then starts huddling
over the counter, that I'm in trouble.
So I get back, because she picked up my Trauma Center at the time, which I need to sort of
pay her back for it, but she hands me the bag, and it's heavy, and I'm like, what?
And then she starts running out the door, I'm like, oh my god.
So I chased her down and tackled her in the hall and gave her a big hug.
Hot.
Okay, whatever.
And then, don't let me forget, during the FUs, I have to tell the story of the Jehovah's
Witness I owned today.
That was very nice, though, of...
You know.
That was very nice of her.
She's a very sweet friend.
She is.
She's very good.
And if I could, I would do all the same for her, so I'm making her a special Christmas
present.
Right on.
I'm making it with finger paints.
How four years old are you?
Yeah.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I...
Ooh, finally got that to work.
Anyways, I tried playing as much as possible, but that did not happen.
So what I did play was Saints Row, which is pretty usual for the week.
And then, of course, I played this new game called Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
I gotta tell ya, I've read a lot of reviews on this, and none of them have covered multiplayer
very well.
And because I play multiplayer on a consistent basis and I know everything there is to know
possibly about Grand Theft Auto for the PSP, I'm gonna tell you how the multiplayer is
and why they did a lot of things badly.
For one, anyone that's played Grand Theft Auto Vice Cities or Vice City Stories will
know that the island that you start off on in Vice City is huge.
It is a lot bigger than the three islands combined in Liberty City.
Okay, that in mind.
The multiplayer, I was really surprised because they had six different, you know, maps to
choose from, or at least that's what I thought that meant.
But apparently it's six different sets of spawn points on the same map.
So no matter what you pick, you're on the full-size map, which sucks, because when you're
playing with six players or whatever, you may spawn on the other side of the goddamn
island and it takes you like two to three minutes to get to the other side of the island.
Why the fuck they chose to do that is retarded.
I don't understand why they went ahead and decided, okay, it's a great idea to go ahead
and let everyone run around the full map.
That sucks right there.
Second of all, the map design has a lot of fences that aren't on the map, so you don't
know, you know, you're trying to go to one spot and you don't realize that, oh wait,
there's gonna be a chain link fence that I can't go through.
Wait, you can beat up hookers, you can steal cars, but you can't hop a goddamn fence?
No, I'm sorry, that was in San Andreas.
You see Vice City, you can't have, there is no hopping fence technology yet, nor, you
know, we're lucky enough to actually be able to swim for about a minute, you know, let
alone...
In the 80s, we didn't know how to climb.
So, it's just retarded, because the chain link fence is in Liberty City, you can smash
a car through and then, you know, be able to go right through, but, so basically the
whole game is flawed in the sense that there's, the maps are too big, and I mean, granted,
you can kind of get by it a little bit, you know, just picking the section of the map,
but it would have been a lot better if they had put some sort of artificial wall blocking
you into a certain section of the map.
That would have worked a lot better, and I would have rather seen that.
The second thing that sucks about the multiplayer in the game, though, is the option to turn
off power-ups.
You cannot turn the power-ups off in the game, whereas you could in the first one, which
I don't understand why they took that feature out, because that makes no sense, but anyways,
so you can't turn the power-ups off, but that doesn't really matter anyways, because they
spawn about 50 miles away, so, you know, you'll never get to the power-up anyways.
Some of the new game modes, though, like with the Hunter, are actually pretty fun, except
the Hunter controls it crap, but, I don't know, it's still kind of fun to fly around
in the helicopter.
But multiplayer is pretty good overall, if they had only made the maps a little bit smaller,
and hopefully when we get to the next island, it'll be a lot better, but right now, you
know, they don't really spend that much time working on the multiplayer, I'm afraid, and
all these reviews that have reviewed the multiplayer did not cover any of this stuff, so, whatever.
Some comments from our chat room, Zappy seems to agree with you, bleh, Vice City is meh,
same old GTA, whereas SSJ100Matt seems to disagree with you, I actually think having
the full map in multiplayer makes it a lot more fun.
No!
If you want to join our chat, by the way, chat.orangelunchradio.com.
Trust me, I've played multiplayer every single day, it does not make it more fun, because
you have, say for example, you're playing a 13 minute game, you have to spend a lot
of time, you know, getting to where the other people are, and they also retweet the weapons
and how, you know, much damage they do, like the remote grenades, which used to be really
devastating, now they're just like throwing a firecracker at somebody, it's ridiculous.
It takes like four of them to blow up somebody, and before, it's like, you can get hit from,
one of them from across the street and you're dead, which is awesome, but, I don't know,
I don't like how they retweeted everything, and I really wish they had thought more about
the multiplayer, I understand this is probably kind of an added on thing last minute, but,
they really, if they're going to put multiplayer in the game, at least spend some time actually
working out the tweaks, working out the bugs in it, because all those same bugs that were
there in the first one are still there in this one, so, obviously they weren't working
very well, you know, on this, and we're going to probably beta test them more than they
did.
They don't fucking consult me, that's what I want to know, I've played this game more
than anyone on the face of the fucking earth, and yet, they do not consult me when it comes
to their multiplayer in their game, I can at least give them some simple advice, like,
maybe put an option where you can turn off the powerups, that might be smart.
No one cares what you think, Loki, you're just some dumb podcaster, amateur internet
journalist.
I will take anyone on in Grand Theft Auto, Vice City Stories, Liberty City Stories, I
will fucking kick your ass, anybody, in the face of the world, anybody, I will beat them
down, and this includes the development team of both Grand Theft Auto games, I would kick
their ass.
Wow.
Strong words there.
Challenge to anybody.
Strong words there.
You know, you're just begging for an ass-kicking with a statement like that, Loki.
Oh, no, I'm not.
All right.
Is that it for your gaming week?
That's pretty much it, yeah.
All right, my gaming week, for those folks that have listened to Orange Lounge Radio
for any amount of time, you guys know that I'm pretty much, you know, I'm openly, admittedly
a whore for all games Final Fantasy that don't involve draw magic.
So Final Fantasy XII came out this week, and it's epic.
That's the only word I can use to describe it, it's just epic.
It's a lot of what I hope for and dream for.
Let me get my bitches out of the way first, because that's usually what people do.
My bitches for the game is that I think I've been really spoiled by next-gen graphics,
because the graphics didn't really wow me like how Final Fantasy X did when I first
played X, or a lot of the Final Fantasy facts in their respective generations usually get
very wowed by the graphics.
XII didn't really wow me with the graphics, but, you know, graphics are only so much of
a game, so that's really a minor bitch all things considered.
Otherwise, and the music is not up to caliber with previous Final Fantasies in the series,
in my opinion.
But otherwise, those are honestly two very small bitches in the scope of things.
The game is fabulous.
The combat system is genius.
The demo doesn't give you the full insight to the depth of the combat system.
The combat system is great, because to me it's kind of like you're sort of playing Final
Fantasy XI, except you get to make everyone your bitch and do exactly what you want, and
you don't have to put up with retards.
It's awesome.
I love it.
The combat system is brilliant.
I love it.
I know it's probably going to turn off some old-school fans of the Final Fantasy series,
but it's a nice change.
I think it's great.
The characters are awesome, the story is awesome, and I love Balthier, the pirate, he's great,
and the story is a little tough to get into at first, I think, but it's great.
There's a lot of depth to it, and it's hard for me to say a whole lot about the story,
because I'm only so far into the game, I've only had so much time to play it, but I had
an interesting experience going to pick this game up, because I went to a midnight release
for Final Fantasy XII at the local GameStop, because they called and said, hey, we're doing
the midnight release.
So I went, and it was so anticlimactic, like it was just a bunch of people standing around
looking bored, all kind of watching the clock for midnight to hit, and then one cosplayer
walked in at 11.55, and everybody was just kind of staring at him, like, isn't that cute?
Because he came as Cid from Final Fantasy VII, and I guess he got a prize for it.
I didn't know they were doing prizes for cosplayers, but whatever, so it was kind of anticlimactic,
and of course they asked me if I wanted to get the guidebook, and I'm like, no, I have
a game, I have GameFacts.
The guidebook is sexy.
I know the guidebook looks nice, but I couldn't justify paying the money for it, when GameFacts.com
is available.
That's all I can say.
Rama in our chat room says, Gambites and Licenses, crap.
I disagree.
The license board may not be the best EXP system, but the Gambites is really what makes
the combat system great, because that's how you tell people to be your bitch.
Like the Gambites is basically, for those who haven't played the game yet, the Gambit
system basically, you can set a pre-programmed set of logic for your players when you're
doing battle.
Like for instance, let's say I use Fran a lot, she's the bunny looking character, she's
awesome, and she's so sarcastic too.
Even my friend who doesn't play games, like one of my best friends, John, just watched
me play Final Fantasy XII for like two hours the other night, and he even agreed by the
time it was over that Balthier and Fran were like sexy beasts.
Anyway, but Fran, so like I have her logic set to, okay, first, her highest priority,
if anyone is under 70% hit point, she cures.
If anybody is under 30% hit points and she's out of magic, she'll use a potion.
Then she will automatically cure Silence, she'll automatically cure Poison, then her
priority is to attack anyone I'm attacking.
Then under that, the logic is that she casts Protect on my main character, Vaan, who I
use as my main character right now.
So it works, because that way she only casts Protect when we're not actually in battle,
so she's not wasting MP.
It's great.
So you can kind of play with this.
But the interesting thing about the way the gambits work, you don't have all the logic
available to you.
Like, for instance, you start with like only a few commands, like hit points below 70%,
but if you want to buy, or I mean, if you want to get hit points below 50%, you have
to buy that.
Or if you want to get like, you know, enemy is weak to fire, you have to buy that.
You know, it's kind of interesting the way that all works.
So I kind of think it's cool.
I like it.
So that's just my opinion.
So I think the game is great.
It's just shy of being a 10 out of 10.
It's like a 9.9 out of 10.
It's wonderful.
You have to get it.
Even if you don't like RPGs, usually, maybe the more action-oriented combat system in
this will get you into it.
I don't know.
That's just my thoughts.
So, Jamie, I know when you played the demo, you said the combat system was junky, but
I realized that...
I believe that my words were the combat system was ass.
You know what, though?
The demo didn't do it justice, because it didn't show you the depth of it.
It was just kind of like in the demo, it was like run up to a monster and rely on the auto
attack thing and maybe use the magic.
It didn't do it justice.
I was just like, get the stupid thing off the screen.
I want my cutscene.
Believe me, plenty of cutscenes.
You know what I meant, though?
I meant the cut to battle.
Yeah.
The battle screen, I guess.
Well, it's interesting, because it means you have no random battles, and that was kind
of a frustrating thing in old Final Fantasy, is like, God damn it, I need to get to a save
point, because I need to go, and it's like you're walking towards a save point, and then
boom, boom, boom.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
There was an item in Final Fantasy VI that removed encounters.
Yeah, but then you would never get any experience.
Yeah, but if you needed to get to town B quickly, then yeah.
That's true.
But in this one, at least you can see the enemies.
Oh, that is one other kind of minor.
You do go a long way between save points in some parts in this game.
The areas are massive.
It was the same with X.
What would you say was the worst thing about Final Fantasy XI, Jamie, when you played Final
Fantasy XI?
What was the worst thing about it?
Being a white mage.
See, but the nice thing is about Final Fantasy XII is that it's like you get XI's combat
system, but you don't have to deal with people's attitudes.
You set the gamuts, and they do it.
If you want someone to be your white mage bitch, great.
You got it.
And no one yells at you to cure them.
They'll just die.
It's awesome.
So it's like 3D Chrono Trigger, without Toriyama's artwork.
Maybe.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Chrono Trigger is just a whole other universe.
I don't know.
You're comparing apples to oranges.
That would be awesome.
You're comparing apples to oranges.
They're different, but they're still grapefruit.
I don't know.
Take that as you will.
All you need to know is comparing apples to oranges when you're eating pizza.
So no other games for me to review this week, and probably for the next few weeks there
won't be a lot that I'm playing, although I do really want to get Elite Beat Agents.
And I did go to, we were at the mall today, and of course I had to look to see if they
had Luminous 2, because I still kind of want it.
Even if I am a little bit like, see I thought for some reason Luminous was out this week.
I got mixed up, so I have to wait for Tuesday, but even though I am a little bit er at Luminous
right now because the Xbox one was not all that, I still really want Luminous 2.
And somebody had shared the official website with me earlier in the week, and you know,
it looked pretty hot.
So anyway, let's get into some housekeeping.
We have a few items for housekeeping tonight.
First things first, it is November sweeps, for those that don't know what I'm talking
about.
In the TV industry they usually do this thing called November sweeps, which is where the
big stuff happens, like in Lost they'll kill off the character that you really liked, or
maybe somebody will get married, or they'll have a baby, something really big happens.
So we here at Orange Launch Radio thought, hey maybe we'll get involved in November
sweeps and we're going to have surprises throughout the month of November.
And tonight we have a surprise for you guys, and this is something we've been hinting
at for a little while.
But for those that just listen to us on our RSS audio feed, whether it be through iTunes
or XB Stream or however you're doing it, Orange Launch Radio is actually a live streaming
radio station 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
This is just kind of the flagship show here on Sunday nights, which is then broadcasted
over the MP3s.
But we do have live only shows that air throughout the week.
For instance, Tuesday night, Dark Soccer does her Pump Up the Volume, it's just her and
she plays some indie band music for you guys.
Wednesday nights, my roommate Extrofer and I do a show called Guys on a Show, which is
kind of about pop culture stuff.
And tonight, boys and girls, we're going to be announcing a brand new show.
So let's go to the tape.
Do you want to listen to me?
Because if you do, then I should warn you.
Because if you do, I should warn you.
You're going to hear all sorts of things.
It's from the past, crap from the future, the day I have a meltdown on the air, it won't
be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be clean.
But I tell you what it will be, but I tell you what it will be, the train wreck of a
lifetime.
Do you want to listen to me?
Travis Donovan Law coming to Orange Launch Radio.
That's right, Orange Lounge Radio welcomes Travis Donovan Live, premiering Saturday,
November 11th at 730 Pacific about here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Right now it's scheduled to be a live only show, but the option for audio RSS may be
in the future.
So we're very excited about that.
For those that don't know the history of Orange Lounge Radio, Dark Soccer and I used to be
on a program called Under Sedation Live that was hosted by Travis Donovan.
And also for those of you that are big on DDR Freak and the DDR scene, you probably
know Iguana Girl, she was on that program as well.
So Under Sedation Live has gone through some changes recently and unfortunately the station
is going to be folding.
The live station that runs 24-7 is going to be folding I believe at the end of this month.
So we thought, you know what, Travis did a lot for us, so we want to allow him to come
over to our station and continue the legacy he started many years ago.
So I look forward to that.
For those that don't know Travis, he's kind of a geek just like the rest of us.
So his show is going to be a little more sci-fi oriented and type stuff.
So sci-fi, I know he plays Xbox 360 and hopefully he'll be giving us a call a little later in
the program and tell us a little more about what to look forward to on his program.
So we're very excited about that.
More surprises to come in upcoming weeks.
For now let's get into some gaming news and we're going to start it off.
Loki has some dates for you guys, some things you may not have heard about, a little Under
the Radar stuff this week.
I have dates now, but we've got some good stuff this week of course.
Lots of stuff has been announced and one of those titles that you might have seen floating
around out there would be Halo 3.
So without further ado, and I'm going to preface this a little bit because with such a date
like this you have to kind of wonder, okay well maybe, I don't know, not quite positive
on everything, but the date that I have in my system for Halo 3, and this is, according
to our email, we haven't gotten an official announcement, of course Microsoft hasn't made
an official announcement about the date, but from what we've heard from our guy inside
Microsoft, March 14th, which makes sense because that's when the big games came out last year.
March is usually the end of the financial quarter for a lot of these companies including
Microsoft, so March 14th, 07, should be seeing Halo, and yeah, that's pretty cool.
Okay, now wait a minute, I've got to stop you there because that's a really big thing
you're saying there.
So again, let's look at the evidence and why, because most people are assuming that Christmas
window for 07 is going to be the launch of Halo 3, but now we've had several random things
pointing us to this spring 2007 date, right?
Because I remember a few episodes ago, you had the marketing folks that came to your
work and they told you spring, right?
Well, this wasn't the marketing guy, this was their head of sales at Microsoft, he said
March or April was the target date for Halo, and this makes sense because how would you
love to end your financial quarter than to say, look, Halo launched and we sold millions
and millions and millions and millions of copies and that made our numbers look really
good because they're going to have another one that's going to be in Christmas anyways,
Halo Wars, so you don't need two Halos, that's just overkill.
You know what's interesting is that the same, obviously when you posted this in the show
roll thread, it was interesting because later the same week from a completely different
source, let's just say I have a friend, and I know you all hate these friend of a friend
things, but again, it's kind of one of those things where it starts falling into place,
right?
I have a friend who has a friend who works for a certain large magazine company who's
had a lot to do with Halo 3 recently, pushing it, who also apparently said it's going to
be spring of 2007.
Well, of course it's going to be spring of 2007, and I would think that this makes very
good sense, it's not going to be February because I thought originally it might be February
or something like that, but February is usually dead, it's kind of still that dead point from
December to March, where nothing really comes out.
That wasn't the only day I had, there were some other ones from EA I thought I'd mentioned
as well, I mean, it's not huge stuff, but EA Replay 2, they've already decided to go
ahead and make a second one, that'll be coming out also the same day on Valentine's Day.
Perfect way to say I love you is Halo 3 and EA Replay 2.
Coded Arbs Contagion, and that might even be pushed back, who knows, because a lot of
Konami stuff has been delayed lately, they've been kind of dropping the ball on some stuff.
MVP07 NCAA Baseball, also that same date, and then finally Two Worlds for Xbox 360,
which I think has been called the Oblivion Killer and whatnot, March 7th, so lots of
good stuff, I think there was also NBA Street that we saw there, home court, but I think
the date's been announced for that, so I didn't mention it.
Fun stuff.
Oh, and have you seen the picture of the helmet yet for the Legendary Edition?
I think I saw it on a blog somewhere, it's interesting, I actually have that preordered
because I want that for my desk.
I hope that turns out to be true, you know, a lot of signs point to that, you know, why
the sudden magazine blitz right about now if Microsoft wasn't about ready to make a
big announcement right in time for the PlayStation 3, and I don't know, there's just a lot of
things that kind of make that look probable.
We might be wrong, it might just be a bunch of red herrings, but it would make sense.
It's not necessarily a case of we being wrong, there are delay issues for different reasons,
I mean, it's just like, you know.
Folks are purposely trying to mislead us astray, but at the same time, if these magazines are
getting these premieres of the games and all this detail about the game, that would indicate
to me the game is pretty close to completion.
I think so, and here's the thing about it though, and no one seems to pay attention
to the fact that a lot of times these releases are in two big, you know, chunks, you've got
the spring releases which take place mostly in March, you know, and it basically builds
up right there in that March 15th week, you know, over there, then in November, November
15th, those are the big, you know, two, and it just makes perfect sense.
Just with the whole launch windows, you want to have this strong title for the spring that's
basically going to, you know, dominate the market and make people even, you know, consider
the 360 War over the PlayStation 3, and then for the holiday season, you've still got your
Halo title, Halo Wars, that you can also push out there as well, so they're covered in both,
you know, sections of the year.
I don't know, that makes sense to me.
Well, we'll see what happens.
We will see all the time.
Well anyway, getting into some other news, speaking of games that are coming out soon,
some of your old favorites are coming back on the Nintendo Wii's Virtual Console, but
what's interesting, and I suppose not really a surprise to anyone, is that the lineups
are going to be a little bit different between Japan, the U.S., and Europe.
There's been a lot of release charts that have been circulating the internet.
Now, this is supposed to be what's available by year's end, I believe, not necessarily
all on November 19th, December 2nd, whatever day your country's getting the Wii, but this
is all what's supposed to be available by year's end.
All three regions are getting a wide selection of NES games, including Wario's Woods, Tennis,
Pinball, Legend of Zelda, Ice Hockey, Donkey Kong, but what's interesting, Japan is getting
some exclusives.
They are the only ones that are getting Gradius, and what's very interesting, I think, is that
they're the only ones getting Super Mario Brothers.
So kind of strange there.
Oh, also, how could I forget this one?
Solomon's Key.
I played that game a lot.
I think those are launch games, if I remember correctly.
I thought it was until the end of the year.
I want to say they're launch games, because I think they're launching a little later than
us, and I think some of this other stuff are actually going to be coming out later for
us.
I want to say Europe is getting some games that were not either, and I want to say that
it's going to be relatively soon when we get those.
Well, alright.
Now what's interesting, speaking of the UK, they are not scheduled right now to get Donkey
Kong Country, but the other two regions are.
All the regions, though, on Super Nintendo are getting F-Zero and Sim City, but then
Japan's getting a whole lot extra Super Nintendo games, including Contra III, Super Castlevania
IV, Street Fighter II, and Zelda Link to the Past.
The only game for Nintendo 64 that's currently going to be available is Super Mario 64.
Then you go over to Sega Genesis, and pretty much you get the same thing across all regions.
You're getting Altered Beast, Echo the Dolphin, Golden Axe, Gunstar Heroes, either Puyo Puyo
or Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine, depending on your region, but it's pretty much the same
game, anyway.
Sonic the Hedgehog, Toejam and Earl.
The only game that Japan's getting as an exclusive is Shadow Dancer.
Wasn't that the Shinobi sequel?
Yeah, that was the one with the dog.
That game was freaking awesome.
But yet there's no Shinobi listed.
That's kind of weird.
Shadow Dancer was a better game.
On the TurboGrafx-16, all regions are getting Bonk's Adventure and Dungeon Explorer and
Super Star Soldier, but Japan is exclusively getting New Adventure Island and Bomberman
94, although the other regions are getting Bomberman 93.
Victory Run, not coming to the US, but is coming to Japan and the US.
I screwed up earlier.
Donkey Kong Country is not coming to the US.
It is going to Europe, but not the US.
My bad.
Sorry, folks.
We make mistakes here once in a while.
My bad.
But interesting lineups, nonetheless.
Of course, a lot of us go, where's this game?
For instance, I can't help but go, where's Guardian Legend?
Where's the greatest NES game ever made?
But maybe later.
I'm also going, where's Dracula X?
Not a lot of Castlevania games, yeah.
Only the one in Japan.
Well, Super Castlevania IV, while it was a good game, while they're looking at the...
And they could easily encode it, memory, storage being what it is now, they could easily move
a whole CD game into...
Because the thing that took up the most room on those disks was the Redbook audio.
Well we'll see what happens with the titles coming up in the future.
It would be nice if you could do full CD games, but who knows?
Imagine, you know, if they did a translation of Emerald Dragon or Star Parodia, that'd
be cool.
Yeah.
All right, so that's all I gotta say on the Virtual Console.
Well, I've gotten used.
But this has to do with the visual end of our Nintendo friends.
Nintendo is basically going back and reconfirming that the Wii will be at 480p, even though
the magazine suggested it would be at a higher resolution.
In the magazine, it said the output would be in 720i and 720p.
But...
That was a typo.
Yeah.
They went back and Nintendo themselves said that.
Also for the UK, just to let you guys know, they are also saying that they're going to
be releasing the component cable and the other peripherals that were rumored to not be released
at launch in the UK, so you should have no problem getting that.
You won't have to import that.
That's pretty cool.
I know there are some other secrets out there.
I still wish that Nintendo was going to give us, you know, maybe some high def later on
or something, but I know that's the typical fanboy wah-wah-wah, so I've given up.
Who says they can't?
Microsoft upgraded their display of output, so why not?
They can do stuff.
Because it's just not their thing.
That's not their thing right now.
Yeah, but it may not be their thing, but it doesn't mean that a third-party publisher
can say, I want to make my game 720, dammit!
So I'm going to.
We'll see.
I don't know.
So anyways, there's some other stuff released this week actually about the Virtual Console.
Kind of a little bit about how you'll be able to store your games and whatnot.
It's going to be interesting to find out actually that you'll be able to store your games to
the console itself, of course, the 512 megabytes built in, or the SD cards as well.
You will not be able to transfer your games to another console, you know, being where
you can take your memory card and bring it over to your friend's house and play your
Mario Brothers there.
You can, however, re-download your games.
Kind of typical with like Xbox Live Arcade and that type of stuff.
And some interesting stuff they're talking about.
How the Virtual Console stuff, you'll be able to use the standard Wii Remote actually for
NES games by turning it outside, which, you know, ever since I saw that Wii Remote and
they announced the Virtual Console, I knew they were going to be able to do that.
And as well as using the GameCube pads, also if you don't want to spend money on the classic
controller you can use that as well.
So that's kind of neat.
And yeah, that's pretty much it for now.
That's all about the information that they have on that.
Comments regarding high definition from our chat room.
Pooeater says, I want the games to be reasonably priced.
I could give a crap less about 1,296,000,000 or P or whatever.
No, actually there was one other thing I forgot to mention.
They're going to have digital manuals for each game as well.
So that's kind of neat.
Oh, that is kind of neat.
That's like the iTunes books you get.
Wasn't there something, I don't know if this was just a rumor or something, wasn't there
something a while ago about how Nintendo like totally wanted to copy iTunes for a gaming
type thing?
I don't know, maybe that's just some crazy thing I remember reading.
Was it Sony?
I don't know.
Did somebody want to use iTunes as a model?
Yeah, they wanted to use iTunes as a model for their Gran Turismo store.
My bad, I got it mixed up then.
Well speaking of iTunes, perhaps some of the music you download from there will soon be
playable on the Wii.
Actually not really because iTunes uses the protected format, but there are stories going
around the internet this week that the Wii will be supporting custom soundtracks.
A screenshot popped up on Neo GAF forums and it's a screenshot from Excite Truck and it
shows in the sound options menu that there is an SD card option in the menu and so it's
being inferred that possibly you can pull MP3s from the memory card and play them as
custom soundtracks in the game.
No official word from Nintendo just yet, but the screenshot sure does make things look
interesting and since Nintendo has said that there are still some secrets yet to be revealed,
this could be that one secret that maybe the custom soundtracks is a feature in the game.
Who knows?
But that would be kind of neat.
I like to use custom soundtracks on 360 unless I'm playing DDR or something, oh wait no just
kidding I can't play DDR on 360.
Like Luminous, I can't do custom soundtracks on that because that kind of would break the
game, but most of the other arcade games I like to use custom soundtracks on.
Well speaking of additions to games at any rate, there's been another announcement of
a character in Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Fox McCloud is showing up and from what I can
tell I think it's the version from the Star Fox Adventure series.
Also in the game is going to be Pit from Kid Icarus, Meta Knight, Samus in the sexy time
zero suit.
There's also Solid Snake and Wario, which I'm going to have that game so fast.
I know it's kind of disappointing that they didn't announce something new, I mean we've
had Fox before.
Even in every single game.
Yeah but I mean okay big deal, they gave him a staff this time so.
Ooh staff.
It looked like it was the Star Fox Adventures.
Great so they gave us a crappy game Fox.
Thank you for reminding us that they made that game, seriously.
We appreciate you reporting it, but we can't help but feel a little disappointed.
We were hoping to, well I know you didn't plan it Jamie, but.
I was like, I didn't think that story out, I want the game anyway, but I appreciate it.
We were kind of hoping that we were going to hear what the new secret character, because
they've said that there are going to be other third party characters in it.
It's almost like saying, and our new secret character is going to be Luigi, I didn't see
that coming.
No I want Raiden to be in it, that'd be funny.
Our new secret character is, a defective NES cart where you have to blow on it.
The new fighter is pantsless rage.
Oh god, anyways.
Moving on.
So anyways some other interesting stuff about the Wii hit this week in fact in the form
of an episode of South Park where Cartman is actually waiting for the Wii to come out
at, it was quite funny, and was it like an E.L. or E.B., it's like an E.B. type story.
It was E.V.
E.V. whatever.
So basically impatient, you know, like most of us, he ends up freezing himself to be able
to be woken up later on in the future when the Wii is out, and unfortunately wakes up
too late.
And the hilarity ensues.
But he wakes up in a land full of sea otter people, which was so freaking funny, I about
cried.
I about cried the last, I don't want to spoil, but it's not that big a deal, like the last
minute of the episode when all the sea otter people were gearing up, I about cried, it
was so funny.
This is making me laugh, G.S. 68 in the chat room says, new secret character Ken Kuraghi,
he wields a crayon sword.
He can't, he's going to eat it.
Maybe Cartman's the secret character, who knows.
That's the joke.
It was interesting to have another game infomercial this year, but a lot of folks speculate, because
the episode didn't really end this week, it's a two-parter, so a lot of people are saying
that when Cartman actually gets to play the Wii, which will probably be next week, he's
going to say, ah, it sucks, or something like that will probably be the big joke.
But so far it's looking like another video game infomercial.
But yet another episode this season I think was better than the Warcraft episode, but
that's because Mrs. Garrison is my favorite character in the whole show, and it was pretty
funny.
One of my favorite characters at Nintendo is Perrin Caplan, and the Game Informer magazine
spoke to Perrin Caplan this week about something that I've been very curious about, the Wii
component cables, because there are stories going around out there that the component
cables you're only going to be able to order online, which kind of makes me sad, because
I was never, even today, I was never able to find GameCube component cables for a reasonable
price.
So I never did get to try the GameCube on the HDTV, so I thought, oh, okay, well, what
I'll do is I'll wait for the Wii, which is sure to have component cables, because this
is the next gen of gaming after all, and then I'll get to play all those old GameCube games
on the component cables.
But then the rumors came out that you're only going to be able to get them online, but Perrin
Caplan to the rescue, she, in response to the question that Game Informer posed, will
component cables be available on day one, Caplan said yes, at retail and online, Best
Buy, GameStop, Circuit City, and Nintendo.com, if you still want to go the online route.
Then she went on to say this very other interesting piece about comparing virtual console pricing
to lattes.
I didn't get that, but whatever.
I'm just happy to hear that the component cables will be found in stores.
That makes me very happy.
She's insane.
Does that make you a happy panda?
She's a crazy, crazy person.
Anyways.
What the hell was that?
It was no, I hit a button and it opened up my AIM and it plays a stupid song every time.
It's like, I love Gnarls Barkley as much as the next person, but I'm tired of hearing
that damn song every time I open up my AIM.
You must not like them very much, because I don't like them.
No, I like, it's Danger Mouse.
I like Danger Mouse.
Um, speaking of things that aren't, I guess, quite as frightening as having your AIM play
sounds when you don't expect it to, um, Akira Yamaoka is working on a new game.
Frightening Frightening.
Cool!
Silent Hill 5?
Finally?
Confirmation?
Serior!
What?
It's called, um, Otonarioku, which means adult power.
Adult power, huh?
So is this one of like, those games, where it's a little-
It's a self-help guide to improving relationships through the mastery of rules and manners.
Boring!
But you know it's so quirky that it's gonna sell like a freakin', I don't have, it's gonna
sell like-
Not in this country.
In Japan.
And like, five people will import it and go, I CAN'T READ JAPANESE!
Why would Akira Yamaoka be producing a game like this?
Maybe he's trying to redeem his soul.
Oh, kind of like how like, he feels like all these Silent Hill games have condemned him
straight to hell, so he needs to do something good for society, like something, you know,
like, hey, train adults how to tell which one's the salad fork.
I don't- what the hell do you do in adult training?
No, I think that it'll do like, it'll yell, manners, manners, manners, SIRENS GO OFF!
THE WORLD GETS DARK!
Have your grandma play this game so she doesn't go into Depends, I mean, I don't- what exactly
is, uh, gonna be trained in this game?
Okay, first of all, when you get that old, it's not something you do on purpose, it's
accidental, oops I crapped my pants.
So that's not a good comparison.
Nonsense.
Although the thought of crapping one's pants is-
It's all about control.
Although the thought of crapping one's pants is rather disturbing.
Did you ever see that one episode of Jenny Jones with the adult- never mind, forget it.
No, it was, I was gonna, it was Saturday Night Live.
Oops, I crapped my pants.
Never mind, forget it.
But, I don't know.
I think that they need to make this game mandatory, though, for, um, like, elementary school kids.
So, you know, in America, so that everyone gets good manners.
Alright, yeah, you should be first in line to play this.
You know what?
I have really good freakin' manners, okay?
I am so polite.
I hold the doors open for people, I smile, and nod, and I don't call them shitheads when
I think they're being retards.
You did buy me a maple latte, that was very nice.
I did!
See, I'm nice!
Aren't I nice?
I am the nicest person.
Of course, she was trying to redeem herself with- no, I'm just kidding.
No.
And I bought snickerdoodles.
Alright, back to games, back to games.
We're getting crazy off-topic.
Sorry, I was caught up in your guys' argument there.
And suddenly it was turning into the Jenny Jones show, suddenly.
Anyways, so, you know, of course to get ready for this big holiday launch, you know, what
is Nintendo doing to make sure that all those Wii's are going to make it to your stores?
Everything possible.
They are shipping it by any means possible, planes, trains, automobiles, ships, you name
it.
Horseback?
Yes.
Little immigrants, too, pulling the crates, you know.
Yeah, so any means necessary, not a huge surprise, but it's nice to, you know, be reassured
that they are doing everything in their- that they possibly could do, so.
Excellent.
I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce somebody who's walked in, I said would be
on the show a little later.
Say hello to Miklotov.
Hello.
Now, Miklotov, I'm going to embarrass you on the program a little bit, because you have
certain fears on the- certain fears you've expressed to me before, so how do you feel
if I said that your Wii might be coming via UPS?
I would cry, because I hate UPS.
But no, you haven't told me that you hate UPS, you've told me you have a fear of UPS.
It's a little bit of both.
It's all from high school.
Tell us your fears, firstly.
Okay, my fears?
Uh-huh.
Okay, UPS?
Yeah.
Water?
Yeah.
Sheep?
Uh-huh.
Flying bugs.
If you had ever delivered you, like, a fly-infested sheep that spat water at you, you'd cry.
I would probably just die on the spot.
That's like Silent Hill to you.
Okay, so why the UPS fear?
That has nothing to do with video games.
No, but I'm curious.
That's just like, when I was in high school, my bus stop was next to the UPS center, and
I was really weird in high school, and I figured that they were-
You're really weird now!
High school?
Yeah, whatever.
I figured they were trying to take over the world, and so I was afraid.
You don't get much more stupid than I have.
What would that be?
Universal Pwnage Service?
I don't know.
I just hate them, and they frighten me.
I thought maybe, like, a UPS man beat you up once or something.
No, I just, you know, standing at that bus stop, watching all the trucks go by, and the
best part was, it was apparently next to a UPS center, and I didn't know that, but I
still figured-
Show me on the doll where the UPS man touched you.
Show me on the doll.
Nowhere.
I wouldn't let him near me because I'd kill him and then run away crying.
Usiagi in our chat room agrees, UPS is the spawn of Satan.
I've never had a problem with UPS.
I hate them.
In fact, I've known some very attractive delivery folks from UPS.
No such thing.
No, I-
You know what?
If they're attracted-
At my old job, I used to have to sign for UPS all the time.
This is years before my current job.
I used to have to sign for UPS all the time, and, you know, sometimes that's the highlight
of the day.
It's really evil.
All right.
Sorry, we did get off the gaming subject for a little bit.
That's what I said.
Well, you know, if people wanted to listen to a podcast where they talked about games
and nothing but games, there's plenty of compact 20 to 30 minute podcasts out there you can
listen to.
Where would you listen to, you know, fears about insects and sheep and water?
Exactly.
You listen to us because we're bloated and talk a lot about crap that has nothing to
do with gaming.
Jamie, you're going to make me cry, and when I cry I get stabby.
I was actually imitating a goat, not a sheep.
You know what?
They're close enough.
Do goats scare you?
You know what?
I haven't been-
What about llamas?
Llamas, no.
Okay.
No, I'm really ready to get back in the game, though.
Llamas have to do with tempests, so there you go.
Where were llamas and tempests?
Isn't that one guy that makes tempests something to do with a llama?
Okay, I'm unplugging their mics here so we can get back-
Wait, no, I have a-
How do you feel about Circuit City and CompUSA employees?
I feel that they deserve to buy things.
Well, guess what?
They don't get to buy the PlayStation 3 and the Wii from their own stores.
It's not just the Best Buy employees that are getting shut out.
No, no, no.
Circuit City and CompUSA have enacted policies that will prevent their workers from buying
the PlayStation 3 and the Wii.
If they get caught, they're going to be fired on the spot.
Best Buy employees aren't shut out.
Well, I guess they're not shut out.
Don't they have to act like regular customers or whatever?
Yeah, they get no preferential treats.
Well, the word is that actually Circuit City and CompUSA can't even get them.
So if you work for Circuit City, you just have to go to CompUSA, and if you work for
CompUSA, you go to Circuit City.
That's what you get for working for a second-rate retailer.
What's your problem with Circuit City and CompUSA?
They never have anything I want.
You know why I like Circuit City?
I don't know about your town, guys, but in this town, fucking no one shops at Circuit
City.
It's always empty.
No matter when I go there, there is nobody there.
I can't believe the chain didn't go under.
They went under where I'm from.
Really?
I'm surprised they haven't.
They have expanded here.
They took over, like the good guys all went under, and they took over the old building
that they were in, and yeah, I can't believe they're expanding because no one is ever in
Circuit City.
In fact, that's probably where I'd go get my PlayStation 3 is Circuit City.
Or Kmart.
I'm telling you, nobody's thinking about Kmart, and with good reason, but Kmart, I'm telling
you, if I were going to be camping out for a PlayStation 3, I'd go to Kmart.
You know what?
I'd camp out for a PlayStation 3.
I don't either, because I'm not getting one.
Oh, but I'm camping out anyway.
Well, you want to know what's funny, that when we ordered ours, we ended up actually
getting money back on ours, so we actually paid less than everybody else, because our
credit card was special.
But speaking of special...
Actually, I wanted to say real quick, Neologism, I totally mispronounced his name, 82, says
Kmart is going to get like one PlayStation 3 and two Wiis.
Yeah, but I'll be the only one in line, so it won't matter.
So what does it matter?
But now everyone's going to listen to our podcast and go, ooh, I'm going to beat Kmart.
Damn it.
You open your mouth.
If you live in the SAC area, you better back the F away.
I'm not telling you which Kmart I'm going to.
You better back the F away.
I'm going to the one on How.
Yes, I'm going to the How Kmart.
Oh, wait, no, they turned that into a Home Depot years ago.
Never mind.
Forget it.
No, that was actually...
I was like, oh, Rob's being clever.
Don't listen to me.
Yeah, don't listen to Rob anymore.
Oh, I'm going to the Kmart on...
They're still the one on 80 and Antelope, right?
That's the one I'm going to, yes.
That's the ticket.
Go there.
Okay.
No, it's not on Antelope.
It's Auburn.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Here's your Sacramento direction thing.
Okay.
Well, back to the PS3.
I hate you, Best Buy.
You bitches.
Okay.
I really don't...
I don't hate any...
Let me rephrase that.
I don't hate any of the Best Buy retail employees.
I hate their upper management who decided this stupid thing.
18 stores are going to be doing midnight openings for the PlayStation 3, and they're not doing
anything for the Wii.
You know why?
Because Nintendo loves us, and they're going to make sure we get our Wiis.
So there are 18 stores total.
It's going to be in these cities.
Park Lane, Texas, West Los Angeles, California, Chesterfield...
Is that...
Is M.O.
Montana?
Yeah.
No.
M.O. is Missouri.
Missouri.
I don't know why I thought that.
El Cajon, Superstition Springs, Arizona, Chapel Hill, Ohio, Ridgefield, Minnesota, Galleria,
Texas, Butterfield, Ro...
What's the...
Okay.
Anyway.
Illinois.
I'm a little tongue-tied today.
West Hollywood, California, Ann Arbor, Michigan, Gwinnett, Georgia, Hialeah, Florida, South
Tampa, Florida, Mount Laurel, New Jersey, Manhattan, New York, Landmark, Massachusetts, and Midtown,
Manhattan.
Seriously, kids?
Why bother, though?
Why bother?
Because some kid with a minimum wage job and no life outside of that that plays video games
all day long, that can take the days off of work and ask his boss, you know, can't get
Friday off work, is going to camp out for three days.
So you're screwed.
So why bother?
I mean, now that the list is on the internet of exactly which places are going to be doing
it, people are going to be driving in from far away.
Somebody is going to beat you to it.
So I say why bother?
If anybody really wants the specific store number, just email us or something.
Just go to any big blog you look at.
They all have the list.
For the ones asking about West Los Angeles, it's store 109, whichever one that is.
So yeah.
All right.
Have fun waiting in line.
Now, I don't know.
Are we going to go out on the 19th and do the thing with the camera like all the big
blogs do and tape people in line looking stupid like, oh, I'm waiting for a place to drink.
If I can make fun of them.
Do we really got to do that?
I mean, seriously, everybody else does that.
It's just like reporting on the fucking groundhog and seeing his shadow or not, I mean, that's
just retarded.
Actually, I have an idea, but I'll tell you guys off the air because I don't want someone
to steal it.
I have a good idea for a parody.
Also, to answer questions from the chat room, the Manhattan stores, the NoHo one is 609
and the Midtown one is 1028 so that you can look online and see what stores those are.
I don't know.
I just whispered my parody to Loki.
You like that?
I don't like that.
Okay, we're going to do that instead.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
So, good luck.
All right.
I totally missed it because I was doing my job.
Anyways, there's some interesting things and, you know, Japan might be waiting a little
longer to get their PlayStation 3s because it looks like Japan's going to lose another
one fifth of their initial launch PS3s instead of getting 100,000 units at launch.
They're going to be getting closer to 80,000 and that kind of sucks.
Apparently, production problems and having them, they need to allocate those to the United
States.
So, yeah, well, kind of same tune that Sony seems to be playing every week so, yeah.
Sucks to be them.
Sucks to be UK even more though because they have to wait until March.
Well, sucks to be you if you don't live in New York City because that's the only place
right now where you can hit a PlayStation 3 kiosk, at least at the time we're doing
this.
I'm sure they are slowly spreading across America and we'll hit a store near you soon
enough, but this week it hit YouTube.
There's a clip of the PlayStation 3 kiosk at the Toys R Us in Times Square in New York
City, a place I was at about one week before this happened.
It seems like I missed everything good in New York City.
I freaking missed the Wii's in Nintendo World by a week.
I missed this by a week and then I missed Digital Life by a week the other way.
I can't plan for shit.
I hate my life.
But anyway, if you want to see the clip, it's on YouTube and I'm sure linked from many gaming
blogs.
And if this is showing up at the Times Square, Toys R Us, I'm sure it's just a matter of
time before it shows up at a Toys R Us near you.
So look out for it if you want to try out the PlayStation 3.
Although I don't see why anybody would really want to.
Because they can make their own informed decision on whether they want to get it or not.
My informed decision is poo.
Disney is having a cow.
They want Kingdom Hearts 3 now.
Nomura is saying that they're already working with Squeenix about making the third version.
In fact, if you get the new release for Kingdom Hearts 2 that's got all the extra goodies,
it's going to give you a little bit of a hint into the third one.
But to quote Nomura on this issue, we've already been approached by the Disney side saying
they want us to make it.
What I can say at this time is that we have various ideas, but we're not at the point
where we can say that.
It's physically impossible at the present.
I feel that it's not the right time to talk about the future of Kingdom Hearts.
So sorry, hold off, wait.
I don't want it right now, though.
Now hold on, you just poo-pooed the PlayStation 3, but the day Kingdom Hearts 3 comes out
you're going to be like, OMG, PS3 fangirl, eeee!
No, it won't be PS3 fangirl, it'll be Kingdom Hearts fangirl.
I do not care what the platform is, if it's got the game I want to play, I'm going to
play the game I want to play.
It's not the system that is good, it is the game that is good, that maximizes how well
it uses the system.
This is true.
The system is the tool.
And so far no one has been able to put anything on it that's worth a damn.
Well my only problem with PlayStation 3, you know, again, I stick by what I've said earlier,
I think a year from now PlayStation 3 will be just fine, but right now at launch there
is zero.
Zip.
Nada.
Nothing I want.
Because half the launch games you can get, more than half you can get on another system.
And the ones that are exclusive make me go, meh, meh.
But you know, I know there's stuff in the pipeline like this in Final Fantasy 13, and
yeah, all this crap is going to make me want a PlayStation 3 in a year, but right now I
see no need to do this crazy campout crap, there's just no need.
And I've listened to other folks, and even, I think, Loki, you said that you feel the
need to get to PlayStation 3 so that you can do the journalist thing and report on it or
whatever.
Fuck that.
Fuck that.
I've kind of gone that route anyways.
It's too expensive and it's, I mean, what, Motorstorm's kind of the only thing I'm looking
forward to on that.
I think people understand that we're not getting paid to do this, we're just gamers like you,
so you know what, if the realist is that we can't afford a PlayStation 3, I think the
listeners will forgive us a little bit.
Oh yeah, yeah, Jamie gets, you're special.
Well no, no, no, I'm just saying, we will have a way to report on it.
Alright, so you're going to be our official PlayStation 3 wench.
Doesn't he have to play it?
Yep.
Lord help us all.
God damn it.
Yeah, we're sure to get an unbiased perspective on the launch games.
So I played Sonic, it's crap.
I played Gran Turismo, it's crap.
We'll see, we'll see.
Shadowslayer would like to point out, they haven't said which platform Kingdom Hearts
3 is for yet.
We're kind of making this assumption that it's PlayStation 3, but they haven't really
said exactly which platform it's going to be.
That's because Squeenix is sleeping in Sony's bed.
JVmon says that Kingdom Hearts 3 needs a stitch level.
I agree.
Oh my god, what, no, it'd be what, Hawaii World?
Well, whatever.
Anyways, so speaking of fun things to be coming out soon, well, maybe not.
So soon.
But, Castlevania, the film's in the works right now, and unfortunately it's being directed
by Paul W.S. Anderson, who has made such wonderful films before, and basically kind of describes
the project as going to be an action horror movie in the vein of Underworld and Blade.
So is he going to take a big hit?
There's two winners to be influenced by.
Actually Blade's kind of cool.
I don't know if he's going to take a big poopy on this, but I think it's going to be generic
vampire hunting movie one, or whatever, 50.
So like Van Helsing.
Yeah, actually Van Helsing is probably...
That was a waste of a movie.
I don't know, he's, okay, let me put it this way, in the spectrum of video game movies,
he's not the bottom.
So that's good.
I mean, he did do Mortal Kombat, which is pretty well received.
Resident Evil, a lot of fans of that, Resident Evil, eh, not so great, I mean, Mortal Kombat
was cheesy, but you know, whatever, it was effective, it got the job done.
So I trust this guy more than I do a certain other name, director, three letters, starts
with U, ends in W. Now, now, his next movie though, I'm sorry, I will see that movie.
That is a movie that will appeal to me.
Anyway, will this movie appeal to you?
It's a new Street Fighter movie.
Yes, that is a sequel to the 1994 Street Fighter movie, which has Jean-Claude Van Damme, Raul
Julia, and all that stuff.
Yes, they're making another Street Fighter movie.
What?
Will it have Kylie Minogue in it?
Probably not.
Actually, it's not really a sequel per se.
Now she has a career again.
It's just another Street Fighter movie, but this time it will be centered around Chun-Li.
So maybe they'll get Min-Na Wen back, I don't know.
She still on ER?
She was a cute Chun-Li.
She was a cute Chun-Li, so maybe she'll come back, I don't know.
Is she too old now?
I don't know.
It's been a few years.
I don't see why she would.
She's pretty hot on ER, isn't she?
I don't watch TV.
There you go.
Miklotov says she's not on it anymore, so she's freed up to do it.
All they're going to do is try to get Devin Aoki to do this, and that's it.
No, they'll get the chick from Crouching Time, Zhang Jie, or whatever her name is.
Zhang Jie?
Yes, her.
She'd be cool, actually, because she looks way too innocent.
But of course, a lot of people are cringing at this news, because, you know, it's Hyde
Park Entertainment and Capcom, by the way, who are coming together to do this, apparently
in this big 20th anniversary of all things Street Fighter.
They want to get this movie out in time for.
They just wanted to kill it at 20, didn't they?
Capcom needs to step in and say, okay, you fuck this one up, we kill you.
We hire our special hitmen to beat you into pieces with a hadoken.
We'll see what happens.
Let's see, GS68 says, new Street Fighter movie, do not want.
And Justin says, hey, we could look forward to Street Fighter the movie to the game.
You know what was sad, though, about the movie that they did?
What?
That was Raul Julia's last role.
Yeah, it was kind of sad.
It's like, he's going to die with that being his last movie.
But he did some movie for HBO as well that won a bunch of awards, and I think the HBO
movie may have technically been.
Now, it's not a theater release, but I think the HBO thing was on after the Street Fighter
thing.
So I think if you want to give him some more credit, you could use the HBO movies as his
last movie.
I do have to say, he did make a good bison.
He made a great Gomez Adams.
Oh, yeah.
I'll always remember him for it.
Tim Curry made a good Gomez, though.
Eh, never saw it.
All right, anyway.
Well, speaking of things that have nothing to do with the Adams family, but has everything
to do with things that our chatters seem to be going off on.
Loving the segues tonight, everybody, loving the segues.
Well, it looks like Microsoft and Peter Jackson have given up.
They've made the statement that they have halted pre-production for Halo 3, well, for
the Halo movie, I'm sorry, and so they're just, all we're going to get is Halo 3, basically.
They still want to do it, but they have to find people who are going to want to pay for
it.
All right.
Well, that's too bad, but I guess, you know.
Which is stupid, because there's been a market for, you know, these types of sci-fi fantasy.
Isn't it kind of interesting that the Chun-Li movie can get made by Halo camp, but I'll
bet you that the problem is you've got Peter Jackson attached, and they probably want a
budget that's like 20 times higher than what the Chun-Li movie's going to cost to make.
And they want Chun-Li because it's going to be cute Asian girls in short dresses, and
there's no short dresses in Halo.
Going back to the Chun-Li movie for a minute, I want to mention from our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com,
Hit Sun says, where did the Street Fighter hype come from?
In the past five years, Capcom has made one original Street Fighter character.
True, but look at all the hype there was around the Xbox Live release of Street Fighter.
I mean, it shows that people are still nostalgic over this.
Remember we're back on Major Nelson's blog every day, somebody was posting, where's Street
Fighter?
We want Street Fighter!
And then when it came out, it was kind of like, oh, Street Fighter for like a week,
and then it was like, where's Luminous?
Where's Luminous?
Where's Mortal Kombat 3?
Meh, meh, meh, meh, meh.
I do have to say, though, that Charon in chat is my hero right now for freaking bringing
up the Ghost Rider movie, because I'm going to be there.
Why don't we get a game based on that movie?
We are, and it sucked.
It was like one of the worst games I played at E3, it was awful.
Really?
Well, no, I'm not counting that one, I mean a good one.
Yeah, the one at E3 was poopy, unless they went back and did some major re-edits to it,
don't bother with the Ghost Rider game.
Actually, you know, it came out, they have the preview in May, and it's coming out in...
What was that game?
The motorcycle game with the chain?
Road Rash.
It was Road Rash, was the game.
I don't know why I like Road Rash.
No, we have a story about Road Rash later on.
Really exciting.
Alright, we'll get to that later then, sorry.
Anyways, speaking about things that are coming out later, GameProExpo, is it the new E3?
Maybe, but they're definitely stepping in to basically take on the big show event that
was E3, and it will be in the same location as well.
Of course, they're expecting on about 30,000 attendees, no word yet though that I've seen
whether this is going to be General Mission or Industry Only, which if it's General Mission,
that's going to not be 30,000 people.
Well, but maybe they're thinking because it's a new show that won't have the name behind
it, people aren't going to be wanting to go to this, but it's all about what names they
can attract.
They can get big boosts for Nintendo and Microsoft the size of E3's boost.
I think that a show like this would be lucrative to the designers because by October, their
Christmas games are already ready and they don't have to do this big push for having
to create these E3 demos and having that pressure of having the build in April.
They can reuse the Tokyo Game Show and X06 demos or X07 by next year, so why not?
It's not really any extra work that they have to do.
They're saying that it's supposed to be centered around the Los Angeles Convention Center.
Of course, they're going to be doing some stuff as well like tournaments and that sort
of thing.
That's what makes me think it's General Mission because why would you do Industry Only tournaments?
That kind of defeats the purpose.
It's supposed to take place October 18th, 19th, and 20th next year.
It's just LA.
I'll probably go.
It sounds kind of exciting.
Hopefully we're able to get in.
Hopefully it's not by invite only like certain other conventions this next year will be,
but we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, that's it for the news here in this Part A of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to take a quick break and we'll come right back with more of Orange Lounge
Radio.
For those of you guys listening live, we're going to do a music break here shortly.
For those of you guys listening to us on the audio download, we will be back in a couple
of days because we split it up into Part A and Part B, and we'll be back after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Be tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
