Tonight, November 19th, 2006.
Our own stories from the console lineups, a recent horror game causes controversy in Rome, and for those not ready to go to next gen, there's Dreamcast Love coming for ya.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers,
Drunami, Orange Lounge Radio 1 and Only
or the Isle of Lesbos, as I was saying over dinner.
All right.
All right, anyway, also say hello to somebody who's come from a long way away.
Certainly not the Isle of Lesbos, but the Isle of Redmond, Washington.
Say hello to Mr. DMN, John.
Hi, everybody.
And you guys know John because he calls into our show like all the frickin' time.
I don't.
Yes, you do.
And now he's here in studio with us.
Yeah, I'm actually going to call when the Skyplane's open.
What?
What?
What?
I'm going to do it right now, hold on.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What possessed you to come be here in Sacramento with us on this interesting day?
Because I don't want to have to be at work during this fucking pandemonium.
And where do you work for a first-time listener?
I work at the magical land where wheeze flow like wine, Nintendo.
Really?
Yes.
Last I checked.
I sometimes have WeFlo when I drink a lot of wine, but I don't... Alright, forget it.
Bad joke.
Look, you've probably had so many of those puns the past few days, you're all gonna just die.
So, anyway, well, welcome to the show, DMN.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
And, you know, just having him here in the studio and, like, hanging out with us all weekend, it just proves, Orange Launch Radio listeners, stalking us works.
It really does.
Yeah.
Because here he is, and he violated me last night, and it was... No, I'm just kidding.
I'm totally joking.
That's not what you said.
You were... You were...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
and we invite you guys to be nerdy with us.
So please, come to our chat room if you're listening to us live here on Sunday night.
If you're not listening to us on our audio blog, you can come join us in the chat room.
It's chat.orangelunchradio.com and guess what?
If you are listening live on this Sunday night, you definitely want to be here tonight because DMN, what did you bring with you for one of our random chatters tonight?
I brought a Wii.
Not my Wii, you sickos.
Get your head out of the gutter.
No, a Wii and a box with
and all that fun stuff.
And I do know we have a worldwide audience, but it should be said this is a U.S.
region Wii.
Yeah, this is a region one Wii, so I'm really sorry to all you Japanese, South American, Antarctican, European listeners.
It probably won't do you much good.
Yeah, sorry.
But if you want to win it that badly, you know.
All right, you got to be in chat.
It's going to be at some point tonight, more rules to come later.
But first, we usually start off the show with a little bit of how was your gaming week, but obviously our gaming weeks have been somewhat interrupted by other madness going on out there.
And that would be the craziness going on around the PlayStation 3 and Wii lineups.
So first off, PlayStation 3.
I know a lot of us here in this room weren't really going to do the campout thing for the PlayStation 3.
You know, I've voiced previously on the program, I'm not ready for PlayStation 3.
It's just, there's no game out right now I really want.
Wake Me When Metal Gear Solid 4, Final Fantasy XIII, some of the big franchises are on their way, but I'm not into PS3 right now, and I think Loki's in a very similar camp.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Wait, you see, I don't understand DarkSakura, because you tend to go back and forth.
You're like, some days you're very anti-PlayStation, some days you're very like, you better bring me that damn PlayStation.
No, I hate it, okay?
I hate it.
But I have to have every video game system that comes out.
I see.
So it's the collector in me that says, I want, and besides that, I want to play White Knights when it's out.
Why the hate for Sony PlayStation right now?
Because Ken Kudrag eats crayons and wears a bicycle helmet and is leashed to the jungle gym.
I see, I see.
Thank you, Megzy.
But certain games are going to change your mind, like White Nights and things are going to change your mind later?
Well, White Nights I definitely want to play.
There's a few other things that I'm sort of curious about, but right now not curious enough that I would go out and wait in line for a PS3.
One of my coworkers waited from Tuesday until the release date.
Wow.
I'm going to interview him Monday.
Now, this is a lot of controversy going around around the PlayStation 3 launch.
Did your co-worker actually wait in the line to get a PlayStation 3 to play, or were they getting one to sell?
He was getting one to play.
Oh, well, that's admirable.
He got Madden.
Okay, I see.
I'm a sports game fan.
Yeah, I can see that.
If you're a hardcore sports game, you want to have the up graphics and all that cool stuff that comes with the new system.
Okay, I see that.
Alright, so more to come on PlayStation 3 a little later when Jamie finally gets hers.
And, you know, I can say this.
I did touch the demo station they had at Target.
I randomly went to Target on, I think it was Wednesday I went there, Wednesday night.
I went over there just to buy some things I needed around the house, like shampoo and stuff.
And there was already a line forming for the PlayStation 3.
And I just said hi.
I was like, PlayStation 3, right?
They're all, yeah.
So, you know, they were, you know, having fun just camping out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I gotta be honest, guys, I'm not feeling it.
I don't know, maybe I just didn't spend enough quality time with it.
I mean, again, I'm playing this in a Target.
I'm not sitting down on my couch with my, you know, surround and the HD and all that stuff.
I just, I wasn't feeling that.
I feel like, I don't know, Burnout's more of a racer for me, or even Test Drive was better.
I just wasn't feeling the Motorstorm.
I mean, granted, it's a different, it's, you know, a very different type of racer, but even, it felt kind of...
Thanks for watching!
That probably is the game I would pick up.
It would be that game.
Yeah, well, I think that the PS3 seems to be geared a lot more towards the sports gamers and the hardcore because you usually see the people who, especially the sports games, who just come and will buy it without hesitation.
They always have the stupid Madden day where people, I've heard, camp out for it if that is the case.
It's kind of sad, but yeah, I see your point.
All right.
Well, so that was pretty much PlayStation 3.
Loki, did you come in contact with any PS3 stuff this week?
Did you play a demo station or anything?
I went by the Best Buy.
Actually, today it was funny because I went down there and it was completely dead and the station was open.
I saw Motorstorm, but it looks exactly the same when I saw it at E3.
Although the videos I've seen online look really cool and it made me want to get it at some point.
But, I don't know.
Then we saw that Lair...
Like the demonstration thing going on at Walmart that was frozen on Saturday.
So yeah, I don't really know how well the demo kiosks are working, but at least one of the two that I've seen have been frozen, so I don't know.
All right.
Well, let's go to the chat room over at chat.orangelunchradio.com for some comments from our chatters.
They're like the invisible guests.
We love to be an interactive show.
So let's see what's going on in the chat room over there.
Let's see.
JeremyTaw1 says, Am I the only one that finds it kind of weird that some people camp out for days for a mere toy?
Not when there's a profit to be made, as some people found out with PlayStation 3.
That was really their mere motivation.
It's like, hey, I make more money doing this than I do at my job.
I don't know.
Me, personally, I don't know.
The little angel that sits on my shoulder says, not a good idea, so I don't do it.
But I guess everybody's a little bit different when it comes to those things.
Black Lab in our chatroom says, congrats to those PS3 campers that didn't get shot.
We have some crazy news about those PlayStation 3 lines we'll get to a little bit later.
Okay, so after the PlayStation 3 launch, obviously, then the Wii line started forming, and that's kind of where we come in, because I think we've also voiced previously on the program that we have played Wii.
Wii is the cheaper option, and as we said earlier in the program, you know, we do this show as a hobby, not a job, so, you know, our day jobs only give us so much money, so the Wii is really, realistically, in my eyes, the more affordable console anyway.
So that's why I ended up deciding to pick that one up.
But Loki, you were the first one to get your hands on a Wii.
You had a Wii before a lot of people did.
How did this happen?
Because I work for a video and game distributor, and of course we get ours in early, like on Wednesdays when we got them in, so that we could ship them to our customers so that they would have them for the street date.
And me being the greedy bastard that I am, I overnighted mine from our one branch in Oklahoma City, and so I had mine on Thursday.
and playing it ever since.
So you know what this meant, boys and girls.
Party at Loki's house on Friday.
So, right on.
So yeah, we played a little bit of the Wii there.
So then flash forward to last night when the real camping started.
Some of us were at dinner and we were at Strings and this little local Italian place.
I keep forgetting we're an international show so not everybody knows that.
And we were just sitting around and I don't know, like lightning just kind of struck and we were just kind of like
Dude, let's go buy cookies and orange soda and go around to lines and just hand out goodies.
Let's just go and talk to gamers, and Loki can tape it, maybe we can do a YouTube thing, and we'll just hand him stuff.
Because, you know, you read all those reports about people getting shot and stuff, but we were seeing the early reports from the Wii line that a lot more people were being very cordial, so we were like, let's go have fun, let's go meet some more nerds.
So we did.
We started at a local Target, we went to a Walmart, we went to GameStop, where people were lining up for the midnight launch.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DMN, what did you think about our little experience doing the cookie patrol?
I thought that was a lot of fun.
You got to interact with a lot of people who seemed genuinely anxious about the Wii.
I honestly think that most of those people in that line were there to play it, not to eBay it, whereas opposed to the PS3 people that are thinking, ooh, I can make double what I bought off this.
I'm going to be a rude little bastard in line.
A lot of these people were really good in line.
They had a lot of fun.
They seem to be very grateful for the cookies.
So if any of you are listening, hi and we love you.
Alright, very cool.
So anyway, one of our favorite, now we liked a lot of the people that we met.
I mean, it was kind of weird because we would walk up at first and some people were like, what are these guys going to do to us?
Do they have big BB guns or what's going to happen?
You're poisoning the cookies, Rob.
You're poisoning the cookies so you can get your wiggy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Right on.
So getting back into this where Chris and Jamie, no, it's cool, it's cool.
So I called Jamie on my phone because I asked the Target Greatland line, I go, how many units are you guys getting here?
And they're like, 60.
And I'm looking at the line, I'm like, there's only like 25 people in this line.
This is like a great opportunity to line up.
So I called Jamie on my cell and I said, girl, if you want a Wii, get your butt down here.
You can get a Wii.
So what happened?
I interrupted something you were doing.
Somebody else had
This was just basically me being exhausted already, and somebody else said, oh yeah, the Target Greatlands are doing a midnight lunch, which part of my brain went bullshit, but the rest of me was so tired that I was like, yay, I'm gonna go!
We were actually, my friend Marissa, who I mentioned on the show a few times, she was in town, and she's a singer-songwriter from LA, and there was a singer-songwriter convention going on, just actually a few, at the, what was it, the...
Marriott?
Yeah, the Marriott.
Chris, we don't need to tell them all where I live.
Sorry.
That's all right.
So we were exhausted.
It was very claustrophobic.
They had blocked off an entire section just for the musicians, and everyone was like, oh, man.
And then Jamie calls me on my phone.
She's like, oh, where are you?
I'm like, I'm at the end of the hall.
She's like, oh, we need to go to Target right now.
I'm like, are you sick or something?
But I was just like, oh, it's like, where are you going to get a Wii?
I'm like, okay.
And since I'm hanging out with her, she's my ride, and I wasn't really expecting to get one.
Part of me was excited, too, because Megzi called earlier.
Oh, yeah, Megzi.
And was humping her Wii.
Yeah, she's like, I'm touching it!
I'm touching it!
That was her on the phone.
It was really, really funny.
DarkSakura!
It was really, really funny.
And then she parked and said, can we hang out with you guys?
And then someone, like, she wasn't really in the, you know, in the zone.
So let me clarify, DarkSakura used her celebrity to cut in line.
Yeah, she was, you're a bitch, Jamie.
I'm not a bitch.
No, no.
No, she's not.
She wouldn't have done it if, I mean, they were getting 60, and there was only like 20 people in line, so, you know, nobody was getting hurt, so.
But we ended up going there, and slowly it dawned on me, this is not a midnight launch, because it was like a half an hour until midnight.
It wasn't like a full launch.
It was like 11.30 something.
And I'm like, Jamie, this isn't a midnight launch.
She's like, it's not.
I was, again, already tired of having been around that many people.
It was really claustrophobic where we were with Marissa.
But we jumbled things around.
We ended up, what we were going to do is we were going to go back, wait with them until morning.
This is like at 1 o'clock.
We were going to wait with them, and then at one point I was going to go for coffee and donuts, which started off really weird, I just said, because we had to leave and go get stuff.
And I'm like, does anybody want anything while I'm gone?
And someone's like, oh, the eyes kind of looked and went, huh?
Someone's getting something?
I'm like, does anyone want coffee?
And everybody went, me? !
I think one thing we've kind of discovered through this whole process is that people are really not used to other people just wanting to do nice things for them.
Everyone was so shocked that I offered to get... Someone actually brought out their money.
I'm like, no, no, it's on me.
And they're like, oh... They looked at me with the weirdest look like I was giving them a razor.
It was so... Yeah, that kind of razor.
Like, killing yourself razor.
Not the phone.
But it's so...
Yeah, and by the time we got back and we waited until like 3.30, I said, all right, I'm going to go get coffee.
And I counted how many people were in line, and it was like just under 30, but to be safe, I said 35.
So I went to the Shell station down the street and said, I need 35 cups of coffee.
And they...
They gave me free powdered creamer and free sugar.
You know, the stuff that they have for that store only, for the Shell station.
Because if you buy 35 cups of coffee, you get this free.
I'm like, okay.
And I bought some other creamer, and I came back, and everyone was like, oh, coffee!
They were really, really, really happy.
I'm like, courtesy of Orange Lingerie, yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and so I said, okay, I get coffee.
But it didn't end there because you got donuts too.
I got crispy.
I got six.
Well, what happened was I bought too much coffee and where the Target is, there's a Best Buy just like in the same parking structure.
So I'm like, well, I've got too much coffee so I'm going to go see if they want some coffee.
And sure enough, the, oh my gosh, that line was longer.
Yeah, when we went to Best Buy with the cookies, they were running from the back to the front.
I'm like, dude, we're going to come up the line and like people are mobbing us for cookies.
But they were cool.
I like the Best Buy line too.
They had a big sign that said, we spawns here.
And I asked the guy, I'm like, what the hell does that mean?
And they're like, get it because it's going to spawn here in a couple hours.
I'm like, oh my God.
And I thought I was a nerd for doing a radio program on the internet.
Meanwhile, while Chris is running around in my car, which I'm like, my baby.
Your baby's fine.
Some kid asked to borrow my DS, and then I pulled up my micro to play.
Oh, can I play your micro?
What's this?
So I had to explain the micro.
This is a dead system, basically, here.
I have Puzzle Fighter.
What else do you have?
I have Kingdom Hearts.
I want to play Puzzle Fighter.
What's wrong with Kingdom Hearts?
Anyway, so we got too much coffee.
I went over to the Best Buy line, and they swarmed me.
I'm like, I'm coming back.
I had to make, I think, five trips to Shell Station to get that much cups of coffee.
And then I called out, does anyone want donuts?
And everyone perked up, donuts?
There was a security guard at Best Buy.
And he was like, oh, can you get me the cream-filled one?
Okay.
The security guard was so cute.
He looked so tired.
And he's like, can you get me a coffee?
I'm like, yeah, I'm coming back with more.
And people just liked it.
I bought six dozen donuts.
And what?
Six dozen plus one for the guard.
I made sure I got him the cream custard.
That is so cute.
And all the time I said, courtesy of Orange Lounge Radio.
You gave mad pimpage to our show, Chris, and for that we love you.
But you weren't doing it just, I mean, the promo for the show was just a bonus, right?
Yeah, well, I was, you know, I'm not really on this show that often, but I feel like I was representing Orange Lounge because I was hanging out with Jamie, and I really wanted to, you know, it's like, you guys have been sweet to me, so I figured, hey, you know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The goodness of my heart doesn't factor in at all.
But, you know, there's a couple old people in the Best Buy line, and they were so grateful for that coffee, it made my day.
Dude, one guy in the Great Land line had a beer.
I saw that.
There was a guy there who said, hey, and he's really cool, we were talking about ThinkGeek and different t-shirts and the joys of Firefox.
And he's like, I got some beer if you want some.
and I was like, what kind?
Bass.
Ooh.
Because for anyone who doesn't know, I love beer a lot and I'm trying to cut down on my beer consumption.
So I was sorely tempted.
I was like, Bass, I love you.
Give me beer.
Oh, wait, no.
Because the whole problem with that is the guys are going around the corner to pee.
I don't have the equipment to go around the corner and pee.
Well, you could, but it's just not as sanitary.
Okay, I'm in an awkward position on the floor, right next to Rob's legs, but somebody in the chatroom asked me how much money I spent.
I can't tell who that is.
Oh, FootyMonster, probably.
FootyMonster, they asked me how much money I spent.
Enough.
Enough.
It was my money, though, so Orange Lounge will continue to...
Spend all of the money that they get on your crackin' booth.
I would also like to add something that's kind of funny according to NextGenWars.com.
It looks like Wii is beating out PlayStation 3.
Well, they have more units at launch.
I mean, that's kind of, I mean, to be fair.
Well, I mean, but they basically got a greater market share.
Slept in his car!
That's fine.
No, Extrovert was really cool because I didn't feel like camping out and I was like, you know, I like my warm bed.
I'll just pick up a Wii at the second shipment.
They're going to keep coming.
I'm cool.
But Extrovert was like, I'll gamb out if you want one.
I'm like, okay, here's money.
Have fun.
So you did it.
This is the best thing ever.
I love spending money when it's somebody else's.
I do.
I found that spending money when it's not your own
is very, it's a very nice thing.
Now, before I forget, by the way, Bandit sent me the link.
They gave out tickets and didn't even honor them and all this junk.
So I have to admit, hearing these stories on the internet about stores that had failed launches previously made me a little bit nervous.
But you came back.
You walked through the door and you were like, I love Target.
I love Target.
What made it so great?
What happened?
How did it go down?
First of all, the store manager himself was outside and letting everybody know exactly what's going to happen before the store opened.
Excuse me, I have to burp.
This is great radio.
Sorry, it just took some airborne.
Man, you can't blame me.
So basically the store manager explained everything and then we were in line.
They handed out things for us to fill out as to which games we wanted to get.
and then they kind of escorted us into the store where we handed them the flyer that we filled out and then they got everything for us and then sent us to a register.
It was very, very, very, very organized, well organized.
No glitches, nobody upset.
Everybody knew they were going to get one, that was going to get one.
It was wham, bam, thank you ma'am, Chris.
It was very, very convenient.
Yes, it was.
And I even told the lady that walked me over to the register that I appreciated it.
What the hell?
And so that's the end.
Bye.
All right, well, thank you, Extover, for sharing that.
I just got linked to the best site ever.
Did you also, your website, the week's later in the show, did you?
No, this is, well, I might make this next week's.
All right, did you find the process to be just as great?
Oh, yeah, very smooth.
But I laughed at the stupid woman.
Oh, my gosh.
The prettiest looking woman.
There were, like, actually walks up from her SUV.
And she's all in her skirt and her high heels looking all prissy, prissy, prissy.
And she walks to the end of the line.
And she walks with an attitude.
It's like, I didn't have to wait.
I didn't have to wait.
I didn't have to wait.
And she walks all the way back there.
And they basically said, oh, we're the last ones to get it.
And she walks back because she's so pissed off.
I was like, haha!
There were like a few people who showed up thinking they can just jump in the line.
And the guy said, I'm sorry, we don't have any more.
These are the only people.
You know, that was probably going to be me if Extra Red had been so volunteer.
But I would have been okay.
I wouldn't have left away in a huff.
I would have understood.
I would have been, okay, I'm going to Kmart because no one shops at Kmart.
But anyway, we've got to keep moving as we want to get in the show, but we want to give a great big round of applause to the line at Target Great Land and Center Sites and the great staff there for making the relaunch good.
Yay!
And I also want to give a round of applause to the guy at the front of the line at Walmart in Rancho Cordova, the grandpa who was there since like 3 o'clock yesterday waiting to get the Wii for his grandkid.
Not to sell it on eBay, but he looked like the nicest guy in the world.
So I want to give him a round of applause, too, because I liked him a lot.
And I liked all the gamers.
He didn't take your cookie, though.
No, he didn't take the cookie, but that's okay.
I understand.
I'm not going to force people to take the cookies.
Alright, so anyway.
Someone said fuck Paris Hilton in the chat room.
Why are they even, that was Shadow Charlie, but why are they even talking about Paris Hilton?
Oh, because Poo Eater said I bet Paris Hilton can get a free one.
Well, we'll talk about people that were trying to get systems, use their celebrity to get systems.
We'll talk about that later.
Paris Hilton can get a lot of shit for free, okay?
Alright.
Paris Hilton has already gotten everyone else's Wii.
Fireboma says Paris Hilton figured out the rumble feature of the Wiimote easily.
Alright.
Anyway, let's get into another favorite segment we like to do here on Orange Launch Radio.
This is usually how we kick off the show and we don't have launch party stories to tell.
Oh, I forgot to ask.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't even ask.
You guys all camped in the line for the Wii.
What did you get?
What games did you end up getting?
DarkSakura.
I got, well, I actually got another Wiimote.
And then I got Zelda, Excite Truck, and Trauma Center.
Which...
Those are the exact same three games I got, by the way.
That was Trauma Center, Excite Truck, and Zelda.
Loki?
I feel so bad, but I got Zelda, Excite Truck, Rayman's Raving Rabbids, Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz, Red Steel, and Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam.
I think that was it.
Did you get SpongeBob?
I did not get SpongeBob.
I will talk about it in a little bit, but...
Tony Hawk and Super Monkey Ball may end up used pretty quick at a GameStop.
Ouch.
Ouch.
Not sounding like some good reviews there.
I'll get into how it should get me in just a minute.
I want to say this comment from chat, though, real quick about the Wii lines.
Ranma said Nintendo fans actually want to play their systems, not sell them.
Another very interesting observation.
I mean, I've noted this observation was made on blogs where, you know, most of the people in the PlayStation 3 lines were eBay profiteers.
and most of the people in the Wii lines actually plan on playing them.
I asked, you know, and I didn't expect people to be honest with me, but I asked straight up, I said, who's selling the Wii on eBay?
And only one person kind of fessed up to that they were going to sell the Wii on eBay.
Like, their friend ratted them out.
That was it.
One guy at Best Buy
and I'm using that money to buy the Wii and I'm like, what, are you selling the Wii 2?
Give me back the cookie and he's like, he said, no, I actually want to play the Wii so it's very interesting just very interesting the different kind of attitudes people had
PooEater in chat said he wants to play the Wii Sports.
My girlfriend, Migsy, she's been playing the Wii Sports since she got it at the midnight launch at her GameStop, and she says it's actually gotten kind of boring.
Really?
I mean, it's good to learn how things go, I guess, but it's...
It's not, it's not really a, you know...
Hey, you want to check out what I just got?
Fire it up.
Here you go.
Pass off to Drew Nami for a minute, because I want to ask, you just played the Wii for the very first time about 30 minutes ago in our living room, and you played Wii Sports.
What was your impressions?
It's just pick it up and go.
There's nothing to it at all.
It took a little bit of learning for the whole baseball thing, but everything else was easy.
All right.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network
and every time they try to sit down to play Trauma Center I get interrupted so I haven't actually gotten started yet.
I played some Mario but mostly I was playing Cooking Mama.
And I have my Elite Beat Agents today.
Thank you.
Alright.
That's it.
Very cool.
Have fun with it.
Play lots of the Wii for next week.
and Pinball.
Oh, Pinball, like real Pinball, not virtual console Pinball.
Dan had a Pinball party last night, so I've actually, well, of course we weren't there, but I was playing some of the machines while Sauce was here last week, too.
Really good chatroom comments coming in from what we were just talking about before we got into How Was Your Gaming Week, but I've got to read these.
Robway in our chatroom says, I think less people want to resell the Wii because the original price was low enough to justify not reselling.
Plus, I'm not buying from the eBay scum.
Megzi said, I showed the parentals Wii Sports.
They were like speechless in awe.
Kind of interesting.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was great, especially with the Wii on Thursday.
We started off with Wii Sports, and that was actually pretty fun.
The Wii Tennis was really cool.
I mean, everyone really had fun with it.
Then I tried a little bit of Wii Boxing, which is a little weird because I didn't really read the manual on how to play it.
So I couldn't quite get it to work correctly, but it was still fun.
Wii Golf was kind of okay, I guess.
And then Wii Bowling, I didn't really try that too much.
And then the baseball, I think, is way too damn hard.
At least the one I was playing against the computer is ridiculous.
Excite Truck has been mainly my weekend.
I've been playing lots of that.
That game is really fun.
That's the best way to describe it.
Although the music is so goddamn horrible, you really need the SD memory card and just to load your own MP3s.
I tell you, once you do that, it makes the game completely better.
It's a really fun game.
Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz
I didn't like them.
I didn't like them too much.
So, you know, it's not something I would play by myself.
Maybe a good party game, but, you know, money's better spent elsewhere.
And that money should probably go to Rayman's Raving Rabbits.
Because if you're really interested in a minigame type of game, that is the one for you.
Because it's just insane.
I mean, the games in it kind of remind me almost like Earthworm Jim, just how off the wall weird they are.
My favorite was the eating one, that you trace the food, and one of the foods was a baseball that the guy would eat.
I was like, what the hell, he's eating a baseball?
It's excellent, so definitely you need to check that out.
Zelda is pretty awesome, but I mean, what do you expect from a Zelda?
It's just pretty neat, so Zelda, yay.
And then, of course...
Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam.
I bought this thinking it's going to be like SSX, because I love SSX.
It's not SSX.
It's not even close to being SSX, and I got really frustrated with this right away, because to be honest, I don't know if it was my TV, but the cables I had, the detail on it, I had trouble seeing some of the tracks.
I want a game that I can get into and have fun with, and Excite Truck was that, Tony Hawk was not.
So,
I wouldn't recommend it.
I mean, unless you're a really big Tony Hawk fan, I really wouldn't recommend it.
So, yeah.
And then, of course, finally, virtual console games.
I tried Mario 64, which is okay with the classic controller.
I wonder how well it'll look with the component cable, but it looks just like it did before.
And then Zelda seemed a bit dark to me, but I guess that was because it was from the collection disc or something that came out of the GameCube not too long ago.
Now it makes sense because, hey, it's already been ported, right?
Exactly.
I wish it was brighter, though, because all those games that we saw at E3 were very vivid and bright, and that's what I kind of liked about them.
And now, I mean, I think it's all about the cables, though, right now.
But that was pretty much it.
Yeah, of course, you know, the usual suspects, Call of Duty 3 on the 360, and Gears of War a little bit, and Elder Scrolls finally finished it.
SSJ 100 Matt wants to know, what does Nelly, Loki's wife, have to say about Loki playing all those games this week?
Now, here's the funny thing about that, actually.
Nelly originally, if you have her as a friend on LiveJournal, you would have seen that she wrote some pretty negative reviews on the Wii, saying, if I really wanted to exercise, I would go to the gym, I won't play the Wii.
Ironically enough, though, once she picked up Excite Truck, she's been playing it for five hours yesterday and a couple hours today.
And she's actually finished all the four different cups in it, all the way up through the Platinum Cup.
She's all finished with it.
Now she's going back to get S rankings on all the other tracks.
I haven't even played it that much.
So that's how much she's liked this, and she loves the game.
She says it's like...
It's basically like Woman Driver the game because it allows you to crash through trees and just drive aimlessly.
And you get points.
You get rewarded.
Yeah, you get rewarded for driving recklessly.
So she loves the game.
Sail at Mervin's.
We're just kidding.
You know what I like, though, playing on there is the Mii Channel, and I like creating stupid Miis that I sent to Rob, which is great.
Oh, gosh, I went into my Mii Channel, like, suddenly, like, eight new Miis all dropped in my little thing.
Loki sent you this.
Loki sent you this.
And he sent him and Nellie, and then he sent, like, Damien, who I don't know if you turned the eyebrows on their side or what you did to get those horns.
I don't know what you did.
And then he just sent me a guy with a giant afro and called it afro.
It's from DDR.
I get it.
I get it.
Yeah.
All right.
Alright, let's talk to our guests.
Oh, I gotta say, my gaming week.
I'll make it quick.
Fantasy Star Universe before the mass hysteria of the Wii launch.
I played a lot of Fantasy Star Universe.
Online mode because they opened up some new areas in online.
Motube is a new planet you can go to and some new missions are available as well.
I got my butt handed to me in Motube though because the missions, even though they're level 15, they're a little bit harder than the ones on New Days.
So it's good though.
I'm glad they're keeping it fresh with new content.
Let's hope Sega gets it right this time and consistently gives us the new stuff.
I'll be a very happy camper if so.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
When I get mad at the patients, I stab them with my scalpel and just kill them.
I have a review from Megzi.
She said the trauma center for the DS makes you want to hit yourself with a brick.
It's hard.
It's a really hard game, and you have to remember.
It's almost like Simon Says.
I don't know if Simon Says, but you have to remember.
First, I've got to drain it.
Then, I've got to scalp it.
Then, I've got to take it out with a thing.
Then, I've got an antibiotic.
You have to remember what order you have to do everything in.
It's crazy.
DMN, You Watch Me Play It
I will pick up Mortal Kombat, though.
I'm totally being a hypocrite because I'll totally get Mortal Kombat when it comes out on the Wii.
DMN, how was your gaming week?
Well, I played a bunch of games at work that I can't talk about.
But, let's see, at home, I actually busted out the Super Nintendo, played some Tecmo Super Bowl, Wario's Woods.
Actually, when I got here, I played a crap load out of Rob's PSP.
I played a lot of Luminous 2, played a lot of Burnout Revenge on his 360.
and this is actually the first time I've actually gotten to play the Wii and play it on my own terms rather than, you're playing this for eight hours, have fun.
But I think the Wii is just a whole bunch of fun with the system.
Trauma Center is just funny because, again, the stabbing people.
Excite Truck's pretty fun.
I actually did not like Raving Rabbids.
I just thought it was stupid.
But yeah, that's about it.
I'm boring like that.
Because I'm addicted to Sims 2 pets, and you can kill animals and turn them into ghost animals.
But no, it's actually really fun.
All the animals, you can't actually tell the animals what to do, but they have their own personalities and they just kind of run around.
You can tell them not to do something.
All my cats that I have for my Sims, they are on the furniture all the time and I can't get them to stop, but...
and I also played Pokemon Ranger.
That game is weird.
That's like, I'm old school Pokemon fan, like the trainer games.
Those are the only ones I like.
I don't have pinball or anything like that and I thought Ranger was going to be similar to that.
It's not.
It's
I have plushies of those.
Yeah, they...
That's always with you, but the friends that you make follow you around until you're done with them.
And you can use your Pokemon, so it's even worse than training them.
You use them.
It's like, do that for me, and then get the hell out.
So that's a weird game.
I mean, if you like Pokemon anyway, I mean, I guess it's a really cool game, but I like training them.
I like using them for purposes of battle.
I like trying to kill my Pokemon.
PETA doesn't like me, I don't think.
Okay, that was my gaming week.
Right on.
Drew Nami!
Drew, I really, really like your shirt.
It says noob.
Noob, it's what's for dinner.
And it has a noob assuming the position, kind of like the cuts of meat chart.
Yeah, that's so funny.
Drew Nami, or Drew Nawi, how was your gaming week?
I actually decided to kick it a little bit old school because I didn't get any of the next gen stuff, so I went back to my old...
MechWarrior games, just started playing MechWarrior 3, MechWarrior 4, MechCommander 2, that kind of stuff.
Didn't do much else except Guitar Hero, and they really ramped up the difficulty on Expert Mode.
It is almost impossibly hard when you get to the stuff like Miserlew.
Other than that, not much else.
Alright, very cool.
You know what's funny is that earlier in the show I was talking about our history as a music gaming network.
I think you're the only... Oh no, DarkSakura played Guitar Hero 2 last week.
Because I haven't played it yet.
I've played a bunch of that too.
Pandora is hot.
Pandora is fucking hot.
Pandora makes me fail songs.
Well, that was our gaming week, and hopefully you had a fun gaming week as well, whether you were in the PlayStation 3 camp, or the Wii camp, or the F the Next Generation camp, or maybe 360, you're just holding out on 360, whatever, hope you had a good gaming week as well.
We gotta get into some gaming news, so real quick housekeeping, real quick, just wanted to say...
For those that have been saying, why do you put out Part B so late in the week?
Why do we have to wait so long for Part B?
Okay, we're going to try a new thing and we're going to put out Part B a little bit earlier, so look for it this week.
There's another podcast out there.
It's another show that's syndicated on all games like we are.
Our show replays on all games on Monday.
And there's a show on Thursday, I think, on all games.
I apologize if I messed that up, called Game Addict Hotline.
There's a spin-off show from that called Cross Platform where they have multiple people come together from different podcasts and magazines and stuff and just talk about random stuff.
So the guy there, Luke, I've been chatting with for a little bit.
So he had me on.
Episode 4 and 5, so you should check that out.
So go to GameAddictHotline.com and you can download the show.
And you can hear how GamerAndy yells at me for being excited about Blue Dragon.
But look, number 3 most anticipated title in Japan, GamerAndy.
That's all I have to know.
All the Final Fantasy people, you know what a Final Fantasy whore I am.
No, yeah.
GamerAndy is great and so are all the guys there that have been on the program.
So check that out.
It was a good time.
One other thing I want to say real fast.
DMM, do you have anything you want to share with our listeners?
I have a cookie.
Oh, you mean that thing.
Yeah, I have a Wii.
I'm going to give it to somebody.
It's going to be a random chatter.
If
When Rob says go, which won't be now, but at some point, please PM him in the chat room.
No, no, no.
I'll give the rules in chat a little later because PMs are going to be too much.
Well, we can do PMs.
All right.
We'll do PMs.
Yeah, PM him with your... Not now.
Not now.
If you do it now, you're disqualified.
Yes.
Now we have to find a way to say go.
Please PM Rob with your...
Screen name, your actual name if you like, and a number we can reach you at because we may call you tonight and make an ass of you on the internet and say you won a Wii.
Yeah, if we can call you on air, just give us your number and we'll do that.
Orange Lounge Radio employees are not eligible.
Yeah, sorry.
Sorry, people.
But yeah, other than that, you'll get a Wii when I get back to Seattle because I have the Wii, just not here.
Okay.
If there's any questions, I don't have a computer, so deal with it.
I think that's it.
Back to you, Rob.
No, there was something else.
What else?
Oh, that's something else.
I'm not wearing any pants.
You've got to tell me these things beforehand.
Kirby.
Kirby, yes.
STFU, Rob.
I mean, wait.
Wait.
Coming Thursdays to Orange Lounge Radio, DJ Tyron and myself will be hosting a show called STFU.
It's going to be maybe a 30-45 minute show.
It will be pre-taped until we decide, hey, we're going to feel the wrath of the live listeners.
We don't know what time.
More details on that will be announced as they come.
But we look forward to being a part of the Orange Lounge Radio family, and we are going to have a lot of fun with it.
So when's that start?
Thursday after Thanksgiving, right?
Yes, it'll be the first Thursday after Thanksgiving.
We're shooting for an evening sort of time so people can, you know... We're going to have it at 3 in the morning.
All right.
No, it was 7 o'clock?
I think it was going to be 7.
Yeah, I think we're going to do 7.
Because most of the other shows are at 7 or 7.30, so probably in that window somewhere.
All right, just real quick, I want to say one more time because now everybody's talking about the contest.
Everybody in chat is like, contest, contest, contest.
Okay, ask an op if you need to know how to private message somebody in chat.
The folks in chat would request that if you already have a Wii, you don't enter the contest.
But since there's no way for us to verify it, maybe you know someone in need of a Wii, so we're not going to stop people that already have one from entering.
But, you know, you win brownie points with the ladies.
Use your best judgment, yeah.
Only PM me when I say to, and after a certain period of time, one number will be drawn at random.
So it's not the first person to PM me, it's one number from someone who PMs me will be drawn at random.
And by the way, if you're PMing me other things during the show, because there's a lot of people in chat tonight, I can't look at them right now because there's too much else going on.
I'm very sorry, folks, but you have to look at the general chat or, I don't know, see if Loki or DarkSakura can answer.
Or ask one of your friendly ops.
All right.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news already.
And I know we haven't given the 360 a lot of love tonight, but Loki, can you change that for us a little bit?
Of course I can.
I love the 360 and I'll still be playing plenty.
Anyways, so on the 15th, you know, there is a big anniversary, the fifth year anniversary of Halo.
And of course, to commemorate the fifth anniversary of Halo,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
XBOX 360 EXCLUSIVE MAPS
Also, the first Halo 3 television ad will air during ESPN Monday Night Football on December 4th.
And it'll be a 60-second spot.
So that'll be very interesting.
Tune in to that to watch it or catch it on YouTube the day after.
Alrighty.
Sorry, I've been having to argue a little bit with some people in chat room.
They're like,
Look, the rules are the rules, and it's DMN's Wii, and he can do whatever he wants to give it away, because he doesn't have to be doing it.
So, that's it.
Yeah, it's a very massive Wii you have there, DMN.
Anyway, I wanted to say real quick on the Halo 3.
So, the beta coming out in spring.
Now, you have said on previous episodes, you are convinced that the game is coming out in, what, March, April, somewhere in that window.
Doesn't this kind of screw your idea?
No, they beta tested Phantasy Star Universe right before it came out.
What's the big deal?
I mean...
It doesn't have to be beta tested months in advance.
In fact, the only exception I've seen so far with demos and Xbox Live would probably be the stuff from E3.
Lost Planet got a demo and Test Drive Unlimited and stuff like that.
I mean, that stuff was way early, but then again, it was also already done for that show, so they didn't have to really work on it.
So yeah, it makes perfect sense.
Why would you have a beta test for something and then wait like six months to put it out?
I'm still telling you.
End of March.
So, whatever.
Alright, you all will see.
We shall, we shall see.
Speaking of things that need to be beta tested, perhaps the PlayStation 3 backwards compatibility should have been play tested.
I'm sure you guys have been hearing the reports about, I think we got into it a little bit last week, some of the games don't work right.
They have little bugs, I don't know if any, are any of them rendered unplayable that you've heard of?
I don't think any of them are necessarily unplayable.
I don't know about unplayable.
But you've got graphical audio bugs quite a bit.
but it's very interesting because there was an interview with Sony Computer Entertainment America exec Jack Trenton and he made this very interesting and bizarre quote in response to the question do you have a response for people experiencing backwards compatibility issues and or television upscaling problems
Quote,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I know, and FireballManChatroom says, that's just giving a big fuck you to the gaming community.
I tend to agree.
I mean, that's a very snide thing to say.
I want a flying car and make breakfast.
He just said, look, we have bugs.
We'll fix them.
Our bad.
I want to get a big pro tip for every single higher up at every single video game company.
You don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Shut the hell up.
This includes mine, too.
I know you're listening, Perrin.
Now, they are working on patch to fix this stuff.
To be fair, Microsoft, their games aren't backwards compatible.
Not all of them.
They have as many backwards compatible games as Sony has games that aren't working in backwards compatibility.
It's about that.
It'll be fixed in a patch.
People can quit their bitching.
Granted, there's still going to be other problems, but
That's why they have these updates and firmware updates and stuff like that.
So, not a huge deal right now, I think.
And besides, with that big of a library, I mean, the percentage of games that aren't working is about, like, 2%.
That's really not that big a deal.
So, it will be fixed soon.
I mean, they could have said, at least, hey, we're doing better than 360 is.
Granted, yeah, this guy is an idiot.
I mean, they do not need people like him talking because...
They already have people like, you know, Kaz and just spout off dumbass remarks.
LokiFNX in our chatroom with very familiar sounding names says, I'm a Sony fanboy and I'm pissed.
It's very rude.
It's just rude.
It's horrible PR.
It is a little bit.
Considering they're relying on these people to give them business, I think they'd be a little more polite considering that they were really rude to them at launch.
Yeah.
Interesting words.
What's also interesting, going along the consensus of the general Sony fanboy, this is par for the course, a lot of Sony fanboys sound like pricks, and a lot of the Sony higher-ups sound like pricks.
Them's fighting words.
Those are fighting words.
Despite all this crap, I do still consider myself a Sony fanboy.
I heart my PS2 to bits and bits.
You want to go outside?
You want to go to the parking lot?
You want to go get taught a lesson?
All right.
Fight, fight.
I might shoot him.
Okay.
Okay.
I get a stuff.
Anyway, speaking of shooting and rude things, somebody got shot over a PS3.
Well, not really got shot.
Well, actually, in other states they got shot.
But in particular, someone in Springfield, Maryland, was held up at gunpoint for their PS3.
And... Chris is on the floor yelling it's a game system.
$600 that goes for like $2,000 on eBay.
But there's people getting shot over this and I'm like... You people are pathetic.
Wait, let me run that Drew joke that probably didn't get picked up on mic again.
Somebody said they're getting shot and Drew pipes up for massive damage in the corner.
You smartass.
But I'm just all...
You know, it's... They were shooting people, you know, for shoes, you know, a few years ago, and now it's for video game systems.
I guess the PS3 must be the must-own console, because that's, you know, every year you hear about, oh, the Cabbage Patch Kids, people are stomping, the Furbies, people are kicking each other's ass, the Tickle Me Elmo, moms are clawing each other's eyes out for them, and now it's... My mom did that!
My mom almost beat someone up for my Tickle Me Elmo.
That's hot.
Um...
and now it's, you know, guys are getting slammed into telephone poles for PlayStation 3s.
It's crazy.
You know what?
I mean, I hope none of our listeners are ever any of these people, but if this gets back to any of those, you know, assholes, I hope you die a slow, horrible death by having your penis shaved off with a cheese grater with lemon juice and bork acid poured over the stump.
You know, that's probably someone's fetish.
While having to watch Bad Santa.
DarkSakura.com
A big flippin' F you to Sony.
All-encompassingly.
And all of your retarded, as the name would notice something, retarded fanboys.
As in, not that all of your fanboys are retarded, but the retarded sector of your fanboys.
Um, all those... I guess, it's stupid men, really.
But, it's all the ones, oh, we're gonna sell it on eBay.
You people are disgusting.
And I have a secondary FU that I think is going to go in line with somebody else's in this room.
FU to Art Thieves.
Okay.
Ooh, ouch.
All right, Loki.
FU to Nintendo, MadCatz, and any other company that are publishing a Wii component cable.
Why the fuck were those cables not in the stores yesterday?
Or today?
Whatever.
Why...
Do I have to wait?
I cannot stand composite cables.
I need higher def cables.
How will I live in a high def world with standard composite cables?
It's just... It's barbaric!
Alright.
And besides, why do I have to wait until December?
I don't want to wait.
Alright, um...
My FU of the week goes to DarkSakura, Chris, and Extifer and the entire line at Target Greatland for calling me at 6.30 in the morning to all yell, Hi, Rob, while I'm lying in my bed, warm and toasty asleep.
And I couldn't get back to sleep because I had a toothache, so F you to my toothache, no.
If we really wanted to attack revenge on you, we would have dumped some ice water on you too.
I would have locked the door to my house, so you couldn't do that.
If it makes you feel any better, I've thought about calling you at 5.
Alright, well, alright.
So, no, I'm teasing.
Of course they know I love them to bits, but that did get a little bit of sand in my vagina this week.
DMN, your FUs of the week.
My first FU of the week goes to T-Mobile.
because I was planning on having a wondrous vacation with money to spend.
And then T-Mobile was like, we're going to take your money and you're going to fucking hate your weekend.
But thankfully, I have friends who help me out, but they don't get FUs.
But T-Mobile does.
If you ever take my fucking money without my permission again, people will die.
And then an FU to Rob for beating me at DDR the other day.
I totally pwned you a butterfly.
Rematch, bitch, right now.
Right now, alright.
Oh, no, you didn't.
Oh, yes, I did.
I will soak it, LaQuisha.
It's already been brought in.
Alright, Chris, you're FU of the week.
Alright, then Drew.
Drew, you're FU of the week.
You got served.
Okay, FU to Demass Marketing Strategies.
Why do we have just not enough game systems for everyone to watch the first time around?
It still makes no fucking sense to me.
FU to the ramped-up difficulty levels on Guitar Hero 2.
What the hell?
I mean, I know you're going to make it harder, but Jesus!
Miserlew on Expert?
What the hell?
Also, FU to the DMV.
I know everyone shares FU.
Now they have to have your birth certificate, even though you've been through the whole thing before, just for a new something.
So you get to stand in line, not once, but twice.
Isn't it lovely?
Ain't it grand?
Fine.
Chris, you're FU's.
Well, Jamie kind of already stated my FU.
FU to art thieves.
My art was stolen on DeviantArt.
That was fun.
Why would somebody steal art?
You know, well, it was kind of funny because it made me amused that my art was good enough to steal because I've never been to art school technically, so I'm not that great.
But it pissed me off because that means that I was unknown enough that she thought no one would recognize it.
But somebody did and they informed me and she did it on both her accounts and...
She actually stole a picture I did of a gorilla's member, Noodle, and she actually stole my description, too!
Word for word.
It was really, really funny.
What a hooker.
But, um... I thought you meant Sony when you meant Art Thief.
My bad.
Oh, no.
I draw, so... I have a smaller FU, which isn't really an FU, but I kind of, like, confused why don't you know this, is all the people who ask me why are you doing this online when I was handing out coffee...
I'm kind of not pleased that people have just lost faith in humanity.
Like, I know you read about all these things happening, it's like, people are killing each other for a PS3!
But there are nice people left, and they're all gay.
I love you, Drew.
Wow.
They knew me as the lesbian in line.
That's how they know you on the show, too.
But we love you.
You're much more than a lesbian.
You're also the chick with blue hair.
And I feed you sugar.
I give you sugar.
Anyways, so, you know, the lesbians weren't the only people in lines this week.
A pregnant woman, actually.
was in one of the lines in Laurel, New Jersey.
And she says, nine months pregnant, or basically they were saying nine months pregnant, Julie Mosley said she tried to ignore her detractions for the chance to score a machine for her family, her daughter's father, and her younger brother.
Okay.
Yeah, you're really... You're stupid!
That is pretty stupid.
Good thing no one hit her eject button or we would have been in trouble.
Why are you allowed to be pregnant?
No, no, no, no, no.
This is where I'm going off because this is one of the things I hate.
I hate when stupid people breed.
When people exist only on this earth to start out babies.
Jamie, she really, really, really, really wanted one.
No.
No, no, no.
Seriously.
What is more important, the birth of your child or a video game system?
You are a disgusting person.
And I hope your child is taken away from you by Child Protective Services.
Depends.
How ugly is your child?
Wow.
Wow.
It depends on if she was at Walmart or not.
LandmineFairy in chat says, WTF, is she going to play Trauma Center while in labor?
She was at... No, no, no.
She will not be playing Trauma Center.
Trauma Center's not on a PlayStation 3.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, snap.
She'll be playing one of the 15 games that came out for it, and that's about it.
I guess... No, she will not be playing Motorstorm until March.
She will be playing... She can play Marvel Ultimate Alliance and dream that Spider-Man impregnated her.
I don't know.
Oh...
To go ahead and answer the chat room, I feel very, very strongly about people being responsible for their children.
I really feel very strongly that if you are going to make the choice to have a child, you need to be 100% responsible for that child's well-being from conception forward.
No video game system is worth your child's life.
Alright.
I love the chat room.
SSJ100Matt says...
Loki, it's New Jersey after all.
I've met a lot of nice people in Jersey.
I went to a very random DDR party in Jersey once.
It was fun.
For all you people in Jersey, that's Loki at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
There you go.
Send the hate mail.
Fire away.
I'm just reading the chat room, okay?
I didn't say it.
All right.
To one very strange incident in a line, too.
A line that was complimented on a very big blogging site, Joystick, gave kudos to Best Buy in Landmark Center, Best Buy in Boston, where there was supposedly going to be a PS3 midnight launch.
But what happened is that, okay, ways it would happen, Wednesday, people started camping out for the midnight event the next day.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
And then what happened?
By 3 p.m., they knew there wasn't going to be a midnight launch.
So the manager took the list that the line made and began reading off names.
They would come up, show their ID, gave their phone number, paid, and got a ticket to just come back and get their system.
And anything that was left over was automatically raffled off.
So I guess they were giving kudos to a manager that was kind of performing under pressure and just did the best thing that was in everyone's interest for the line and listened to the people in the line.
Good for them.
So it's good to hear that not every line was just fucking nuts.
So good for you guys in Boston.
Well, actually in Bel Air, Maryland, they were saying they weren't doing the PS3 and Wii launches.
They were basically doing this in conjunction with the law enforcement and the mall that they were working with.
So I guess they were trying to be proactive to stop some of the violence that was going on in regards to the system launches elsewhere.
That's pretty good.
I know with all the shootings and people getting thrown into the telephone poles, it's real chaos.
But if you didn't score a PlayStation 3 this week at launch, you may be in luck.
There may be some more coming in next week for Black Friday.
So if you really want to fight the chaos in the early morning rushes for those wonderful sales, you may be in luck and find some more...
Systems out there for next week and stuff.
I don't know.
Personally, I don't think that there's a real big need for it right now.
With only 15 games going to be out before the end of the year, you probably could wait.
You're not really going to miss out on anything huge.
I mean, what's coming out next month anyways?
Full Auto 2, Sonic the Hedgehog.
Yeah, and not even great stuff really for the system.
Yeah, so it's not a huge deal.
But that's cool at least that they're shipping them relatively quick.
Do you think this is going to drive the eBay prices down as the market gets more diluted?
It already has, actually.
From what I was reading, they're going for about $1,500 now.
But, you know, I think it really... That's also another reason I think you're probably not seeing a lot of Wiis on eBay because their shipments are going to be coming in around the same time.
I think we heard that we're getting our next shipment after Thanksgiving.
So...
Yeah, it's gonna be, they're gonna have systems out there, and people don't really need to spend, you know, tons of money.
Uh, Ranma just told the worst joke in chat, but I have to repeat it.
Uh, what's the difference between a PlayStation 3 and a Nintendo Wii?
Two gunshots to the head.
Ouch.
Ouch, ouch, ouch.
Hey, look, I didn't write them, I only read them.
Alright, uh, yeah, um...
You know, it's very interesting, the folks that were trying to get a PlayStation 3.
You guys remember John Edwards?
He was the vice presidential candidate in 2004.
He ran with John Kerry, right?
Well, there was a story circulating around the internet that what happened.
Now, what's interesting to note about John Edwards is he's kind of, you know, he's kind of against Walmart and a lot of the policies that Walmart, you know, and there's technically quite a few people who are against Walmart.
So he's kind of in that camp and it's kind of one of his platforms or whatever.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Very interesting back and forth.
Obviously, there's the he said and they said type thing, so it's really hard to know who's right.
But if Edwards is totally telling the truth here in his statement, it sounds a little unfortunate that one of his staffers can tarnish his name like that by doing something a little silly.
One of his staffers is probably fired.
Probably going to be hired by Sony relatively soon, seeing as they hire people of that caliber.
Interesting.
What's this quote from Walmart?
Here's the quote from Walmart.
While the rest of America's working families are waiting patiently in line, Senator Edwards wants to cut to the front.
Ouch.
Certainly not good if he's trying to run for president in 2008, but then again, most people will forget, don't you think?
Most people probably forget.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm just thinking.
It was a while ago.
We'll see.
We'll see.
On a small political note, he made a
He made a joke about George Bush and everyone took it to be a joke about him insulting the troops.
They're going to play that too.
That was Kerry, not Edwards.
Oh, that was Kerry?
Yeah.
He did that in Seattle and I thought it was the funniest thing ever.
He's not running anyway because he's associated with John Kerry.
Alright, this isn't Crossfire, boys and girls.
We've got to keep it moving.
We're just going to have to go to a different country or something to get us off of this tangent.
PS3, PS4, PS5
Sony's crackdown on all of the shipping LickSanClose, PlayAsia is not sending any Sony products to Europe eBay UK is not allowing any shipping to be done but there is a company that's advertising in these stations stating PS3 order now for Christmas and they're giving a premium 150 minute phone number to call
to leave details on the phone service to where they'll be called back when the systems are available.
A Sony spokesperson was saying, SCE is currently investigating it further.
We also have forwarded the details onto the trading standards and urge all consumers to wait until the official European PS3 launch in March.
A lot of very eager European gamers willing to be led astray by some of this crazy stuff going on just to get their hands on a PlayStation 3.
Jesus Christ, Sony.
What are you trying to hide from Europe?
Let them import the goddamn systems.
But I still think that this stinks of scam.
Oh, no, I don't doubt that one bit.
I'm just saying, in general, Sony, shut the fuck up.
And scammers, shut the fuck up.
Alright, you should shut the fuck up, DMN, so we can go to another story.
No, I'm kidding.
You know I love you, DMN.
Anyways, sorry.
So, it's kind of funny though, I mentioned earlier we went and saw one of the PlayStation 3 kiosks at Walmart.
It's really hardly a kiosk, it's more of kind of like a video display that they have going there with a PlayStation 3 in there.
And well, basically they found out it's not running actually off the PlayStation 3, it's running off of a DVD player made to look like it's actually a PlayStation 3.
Live footage.
So, oops, I guess that sucks.
But that was actually coming from Gamer Randy who spotted two controllers sitting in the kiosk there.
One for the TV, one for a DVD player.
I'm just asking this question hypothetically to bring up debate.
Is this necessarily such a bad thing, though?
I mean, if that's what Sony wants to do is run a DVD showing off the games, isn't that fine?
I mean, if that's how they want to do it?
That's fine, but I still think it's funny how it locked up and it was frozen still just like the actual kiosk.
It's authentic.
I'll give them that.
You're harsh.
You're harsh.
All right.
Well, you know, Sony may not be the only folks experiencing some broken things here at launch.
Nintendo, well, okay, it's not necessarily broken over Nintendo just yet, although I'm sure, you know, actually, just before we went live, and I think I missed the show roll for tonight, I was reading that there are certainly some Nintendos that are breaking down, but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So two of these things they were touting at E3, just for whatever reason, not ready to go just yet.
Should be noted, it's kind of interesting, I noticed when I plugged in my Wii and booted up for the first time, the shop channel wasn't available either.
You have to do a firmware update before you can even access the shop channel.
And some folks online today were having a lot of difficulty downloading that because, you know, obviously everybody's hammering Nintendo servers right now.
All those people that camped out overnight, of course, are playing their Wiis today.
So, you know, everybody's trying to download that at once.
And thankfully I didn't have a problem, I guess...
We're lucky in that Target Greatland opened earlier in some of the other stores.
But, yeah, you know, certainly interesting to have all these updates.
Well, also, I mean, honestly, the forecast channel and the news channel, they're not detrimental to the system's operation.
It is, first and foremost, the gaming console.
I honestly think that the news channel is coming out a little later because it was announced that they're partnering with CNN and maybe the paperwork hasn't been fully worked out yet.
I have no idea about the forecast channel, but it was interesting to see that firmware update right out of the box when you connected to the internet.
Mike W0440 in chat says, Rob, you didn't give the 360 any slack about breaking down.
Well, yeah, that's because it happened to me.
So I was pissed, of course.
And if my Wii breaks, I'm going to be pissed too.
But no, I'm just saying, I'm not saying it's okay or it's, you know, but it's kind of one of the things like, you know, we're kind of used to it at this point.
You know, every launch console has bugs.
But, you know, in the first wave, no matter what the system, PS2, go back to the last gen, it's just as bad.
Okay, has there been any breakdowns apart from, like, just with the games themselves?
I want to say I saw some screenshots on blogs, and again, this was so new, it didn't make our role for tonight, but I want to say I saw some things where, like it said, you need to eject the disc and call Wii customer support, something's broken, little things like that.
Yeah, that and lots of, like, disc read errors.
Yeah, little things like that.
That's not the amount that Sony is.
I'm going to chat room to read more comments.
If you want to join our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com
Phoenix was saying something to the effect in our chat.
Do you really want news or weather?
No, I don't.
That would be nice.
I would like the internet browser.
Yeah, I would like that, definitely.
I just think it's interesting that they touted that at their press conference, looking like it's there in the console, like right out of the box, and then it's not really there.
I don't, you know, I'm not going to cry.
Honestly, if you want to know what the weather is going to look like, it's called looking out the fucking window.
Open a window.
I can't open the window.
The sunlight will interfere with the sensor bar.
Oh, touche.
That's why I live in Seattle where it's cloudy and rainy all day.
At least you know what it's always going to be like there.
Well, at any rate, one thing that you don't have to worry about sunlight for is music.
And there's going to be an MP3 player out in Europe anyway on 8th December that will be 20 Pounds.
Game Boy Advance and DS
Sounds like something anybody in here is interested in getting?
Well, if it is a redo of the PlayOn, the PlayOn had a capacity to take a 2GB SD card.
I thought they already had something like that already.
That was the PlayOn.
No, here.
It's not the PlayOn or whatever.
It's actually not put out by Nintendo at all.
They use it mainly for, I don't know,
Pirating Games, and other things, but it's also meant for media.
And I want to say it's already out right now with like a 4 gigabyte hard drive, micro drive in there.
Well, this one's official.
Alright, interesting.
I hate to go back to the last story, but I just wanted to say really quick.
Miklatov PM'd me, and he said his Wii froze up today.
He was exiting the Mii channel, and it just froze.
He had to turn it off and on.
So there's buggy bugs out there, so hopefully they can get patched or something.
Mine froze up once, but it actually didn't really freeze up.
It just seemed like it froze up because I was trying to access the web update for the system.
Before they launched the internet thing, so yeah, I didn't like it.
Well, I tried to do the Shop Channel today, and it just froze up when I was trying to go into Shop Channel, but I just chalked that up to everybody's hitting this thing.
Yeah, mine's kind of a little delayed today, too.
I mean, I can let little web errors slide, because those are at least fixed in an hour, you know, just depending on the issue.
Phantasy Star Universe has had login issues ever since the damn game came out, so...
A World of Warcraft, Long Q Times, and all that fun stuff.
Anywho, so, you know, of course you're going to get issues with a console like this.
And, you know, I know that there was a lot of things that they had promised that they cut out, like, you know, DVD playback and stuff like that.
But not a big deal.
But actually, they were aiming for an even lower price point than $249.
They would have liked to have seen it at under $100, according to Miyamoto.
and his idea was basically to spend nothing on console technology so that all the money could be spent on proving the interface and software.
And it says if they hadn't used NAND flash memory to store the data such as games and photos and other pricey parts they might have actually succeeded at a sub $100 console.
And it's interesting because can you imagine how fast those would fly off the shelves for $99?
I mean as it is they're flying off the shelves pretty quick but
$99 is just stupid low.
I don't know.
Don't you remember hearing some early, early rumors back when it was still being touted as the revolution that the revolution was going to be $99?
I seem to remember, I mean, it could just be some stupid coincidence by something someone made up, but it's interesting, don't you think?
I do think.
But, um, I don't know.
I think $249 is pretty good.
Definitely, it's different.
A lot of people, though, I think their competition is going to be saying...
Well, our graphics are better.
We can do HD movies, but... Yeah, so what?
I'd rather spend $49.99 on a game and figure out that I don't like it than to spend $59.99 on a game and figure out I don't like it, but it's prettier.
I mean, that's really what it comes down to for me.
So, whatever.
Alright.
Um...
Moving on, away from the Wii and the PlayStation 3 and even the Xbox 360, you know, some people just aren't ready to jump ship yet.
I mean, some people are not ready for the next generation of gaming.
And you know what?
Hey, Drew's waving his hand over there.
What's stopping you from going to the next gen of gaming, Drew?
Is it just the cost or what's the deal?
Right now it's the cost.
I'm just waiting for the big, big titles to start rolling in.
Right.
Final Fantasy XIII, or Kingdom Hearts 3, or Devil May Cry 4, or on the Nintendo side, Super Smash Bros.
Brawl, or Metroid Prime 3 Corruption.
I'm just waiting for the big name titles.
Well, what current gen systems do you have?
Do you have a Dreamcast?
I have a PS2.
I want a Dreamcast.
Well, you can probably still get one cheap.
And good news for you Dreamcast owners, there is another Dreamcast game coming out.
PlayAsia is taking pre-orders for a new Dreamcast release that will be coming out in December.
It's a side-scrolling space shooter.
It's called Last Hope, and it's going to be $40 and region-free.
It should be noted, though, the product is not officially licensed, designed, manufactured, distributed, or endorsed by Sega.
One thing that should be mentioned is that it's primarily being advertised as a Neo Geo AES and NVS cartridge, also available for Neo Geo CD.
Oh, interesting.
I didn't even catch that.
I went to the website.
www.lasthope.ngdevteam.com The one thing about it though is that it will be as prohibitively expensive as other Neo Geo carts.
So yeah, it's going to be retailing roughly about $300 for the Neo Geo.
Unless you get CD or Dreamcast.
Jeremy Todd 1 in chat says, this story reminds me of that Sega Genesis game, Baker Prince, that OLR reported on a few months ago.
Yeah, that's true.
Remember the Genesis game?
Yeah.
Very cool.
DarkSakura.com
My website of the week is a site dedicated to freedom of speech and expression.
It's smashmyps3.com.
Yes, from the same people that brought us Smash My Xbox 360 and Smash My iPod, we have Smash My PS3.
And there is a lovely bit of artistic video available on their site of a well-dressed young fellow in a 70s pimp garb going into a Best Buy, purchasing a couple of PlayStation 3s, taking one out in front of the line of fanboys waiting outside.
and waiting and waiting for their very own PlayStation 3.
Next, his associate pulls out a device called a sledgehammer and proceeds to practice several different laws of physics by basically having this item collide with great force into said PlayStation 3, also showing how force affects inertia as pieces of it go flying everywhere.
Translated, that means they smashed that thing to the ground.
It was glorious and beautiful, and I cried tears of joy.
Now, abstract translation.
A method of demonstrating one's freedom to be an asshole.
Now, I hear they donated the excess money to charity, so maybe that... They did take the second one and sell it.
Gets their conscience cleared a little bit.
Out of curiosity, will you be visiting smashmywee.com?
No, that will make me cry.
No, actually, I just think that it's sort of funny because there's people who are so freaking emotionally riled up over a piece of plastic and silicone.
Yeah, actually, there's a... You can't get laid, Jernami.
There's actually, there was a difference between the people who got the PS3 and the people who got the Wii.
The Wii was like, hey, I want the Wii, it's supposed to be a fun system, it's really cool, and I'm looking forward to it.
There were people who were disappointed, but they knew there would be more.
Yeah, and people who got the PS3, we need to have this system!
Satan commands that I give my soul to Sony!
Yeah, it's like, there's a difference in intensity, so I don't think it's like, watching someone smash a Wii is kind of like, okay, your point.
Wait, does that mean Ken Kutaragi is like Little Nicky?
I haven't seen that.
No, I love Little Nicky.
Ken Kutaragi eats crayons.
Ken Kutaragi doesn't eat Popeyes.
He eats crayons.
He's like the poo of Cthulhu.
He's not cool enough to be anything really associated with the Elder God except for his fecal matter.
Wow, that's interesting.
Alright.
What we're going to do now is we're going to go into a little bit of a taped clip here.
And it's going to be the end of our segment here, part A. Again, we're having to hold off on the contest a little bit here.
We'll fill you in after this taped segment what we're going to do.
We're hoping the rest of the chat comes back.
Rob broke the internet.
I didn't break it.
I have a backup plan just in case.
I'll run it by DMN.
But we're going to go to this taped bit.
DarkSakura and Chris, of course, were waiting at the line to target Greatland.
And they thought, boy, wouldn't it be fun to just harass the other people in line?
So they called into our voicemail and left a series of voicemails interviewing different people.
So you want to set this piece up for us, Chris, our roving reporter?
Well, in the car we were thinking, hey, it'd be a cool idea to interview people to see why they're out in line.
So I was, like, Jamie was keeping our place in line and I was going to go play reporter.
And I was so nervous because I don't do that stuff very often.
I don't like talking to new people.
She's shy.
I am pretty shy around new people.
So I walked up and I was representing Orange Lounge.
So I'm like, oh, hi, do you mind if I interview you for OrangeLoungeRadio.com?
It's a video game.
You know, I went through the whole thing.
And kind of most of them went, uh, sure.
So I'm attempting to sound professional, but I'm just failing.
So I'm sorry.
I'm sorry you have to listen to those.
No, it's cool.
So, yeah, Demon?
So long story short, if any of you at Target are listening, yay, you made it on the internet.
Good job.
Oh, yeah.
Let's go to the tape, boys and girls.
This is DarkSakura calling in Orange Lounge Radio message line from the line outside Target in Citrus Heights, California.
Say hi, everybody.
So we're going to be doing a series of interviews to put on the message line throughout the night.
So we'll begin by our house lesbian.
Hi.
Hi.
And stay tuned to listen.
Okay, bye-bye.
Hello, radio viewers, and this is your token lesbian for Lauren's Lounge Radio.
I am Chris, also known as Disney Punk, and I am here at the line in front of the Target Garden Center, actually.
We're under the sign that says Garden Center.
And there's probably, it looks to be about 30 people online.
I'm going to start at the end because the end rules.
I'm right in front of a guy and a girl.
One's playing a Game Boy, and they've got black hats on.
One's got an Alcatraz office on.
That's great.
So I'm just going to ask a couple of questions.
First of all, can you state your name?
Jamie.
Jamie?
Our host, DarkSakura, actually named Jamie, too.
They're going to fight.
No, I'm kidding.
Can I have your name?
Erin.
Erin?
Erin?
Can I ask you guys really quick, what do you guys think the Wii is worth waiting for at, what is it, 2?
Oh, it's 2 o'clock in the morning?
Well, it's my birthday today.
Thanks.
I think the Wii will be fun, innovative, new control style.
I've never really been able to play video games except the light gun ones because the codes don't make any sense to me, so the Wii will be good.
Have you guys gotten a PlayStation 3 at all?
No.
Definitely not.
Definitely not?
Why not?
I'm not as interested really right now.
Don't have a thousand bucks laying around.
Fair enough.
And can I ask you guys a random question?
What's your favorite color?
Blue.
Green?
Okay, those were both wrong answers and you fail.
I'm kidding.
Orange.
Orange, okay.
Can I ask you, sir?
What's your name?
Nathan.
Nathan?
Okay, why do you think the Wii U is worth waiting for at 2 o'clock in the morning?
Well, I'm a little bit older than everyone else out here, so I'm an old Nintendo fan.
I grew up on it.
All right, old school fan.
Did you get a PlayStation 3 or any interest at all?
No, absolutely not.
Okay.
And here's your obligatory question.
Hmm, that's a good one.
I can't really think of a little obligatory question.
What's your favorite color?
Red.
Red?
Okay.
That was the right answer.
You win.
All right, well, I hope you guys all get your Wii.
There should be like, what, 30, 35 systems supposed to be out here, and there isn't a big line, so good luck.
Good evening, radio fans, and this is Kristen again with your Wii.
I guess it would be...
and our cast of Are We... I don't know what you call it.
But I'm here interviewing people who are online at the Target Center.
And I'm here with... Can you say your name?
Sarah.
Sarah.
I was here earlier and you are actually one of the only girls in line.
And now I look at the front and there's a bunch of girls.
So...
But she's got, she's probably got the most awesome hat here.
It's a white hat, like baseball cap, with a V. It almost rivals the girl with the Alcatraz hat on, and that's awesome.
So, can I ask you, she's actually got, what's your shirt?
Donkey Kong.
That's awesome.
It's like old school Donkey Kong shirt.
That's awesome.
So, can I ask you, what do you think the Wii is worth waiting for at 2 o'clock in the morning?
Like, why are you up here at like 2 o'clock a.m.?
How long, actually, how long have you been here?
I've been here since about 9 o'clock p.m.
Not too terribly long, yeah.
Okay, that's not bad.
Why do you think the Wii is waiting for us this early in the morning?
Twilight Princess, first of all.
Second of all, it's the most innovative system that's come along in quite a while, and I think it's certainly worth the wait.
Yep.
Did you get a PS3?
Oh, hell no.
Do you see a difference, or is it just the price, or...?
I would not pay $600 to test out an unused, unproven format of disc.
No.
Screw Sony.
They're getting too big for their shorts.
Oh, you are loved by many Orange Lounge listeners.
They all bash Sony all the time.
And your obligatory question, what is your favorite color?
Blue.
You fail and lose.
I'm sorry.
I meant to say orange.
I meant to say orange!
Okay, you survived.
Alright, well, thank you so much for interviewing with me, and good luck on getting your Wii, but I don't think it'll be that bad.
There's not that many people online.
Okay, thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Can I just interrupt this real quick to say, what is your name?
What is your quest?
You!
Cake or death!
I was actually going to do, everybody got a random question, I was going to go, it's like a what is, you know, it's like all these really stupid questions, but I was so nervous, I was so nervous asking people I've never met if I could interview them, and I just kept, what's your favorite color?
It's alright, it's just an internet radio show, you don't have to be a superstar, but you're still a superstar, sweetie, you still are, you're Saint Chris, remember?
It's
She still spawned a Monty Python quote off.
No, my favorite, though, is how she's asking all the people in the Wii line if they're going to get a PlayStation 3.
I was trying to help your radio.
No, it's funny.
I like it because I like hearing people's reactions to it.
No.
Hell no.
But I think there's one that might be a little different that's coming later.
But anyway, I just had to interrupt to say that because that was funny.
So back to the tape.
Hello radio listeners, and I am here with yet another person, people, in line for the Wii.
Can you guys state your names?
Uh, Stellon, John.
How long have you, actually, how long have you guys been here?
It's like nine, about like eight.
Okay, what's your name?
Kyle.
Kyle, how long have you been here?
Uh, just Kyle.
Okay, uh, what do you guys think the Wii is worth waiting for at two o'clock in the morning?
Uh,
What?
Why are you waiting for the Wii at 2 o'clock in the morning?
What's so special about it?
Because it's so kick-ass.
And there's Zelda.
I'm just picking it up for a friend.
Wow.
Damn, he must owe you or you owe him.
Do you owe him money?
Okay.
I'm just here for kicks.
You're just hanging out in the cold?
Yeah.
All right.
All right, David, do you guys have a PlayStation 3 or want to get a PlayStation 3 here?
No.
No, Sony Scott.
Not unless they drop the price.
Okay, he's just here for kids.
All right, and your obligatory question, what's your favorite color?
Green.
Plaid.
Yellow.
Yellow?
Okay, you win.
Plaid wins.
All right, well, thank you guys.
If you want to listen to it, it's OrangeLunchRadio.com, and we'll be streaming live at 7 o'clock tonight, or we're on podcast.
You can download it on iTunes.
Thank you so much for talking with us, and there should be enough systems, though.
Yay, Wii!
Okay, I'm not going to keep saying this, but because the next one is Jamie, so you guys can just deal with it.
But we're interviewing people at the Wii, so Jamie, stop talking to people.
What?
Okay.
State your name, please.
DarkSakura, the Great and Mighty.
That was pretty pathetic.
Light my ass!
Literally?
Yeah, in public.
Okay, you get to be asked these questions too.
First of all, why do you think the Wii is worth waiting for at 2 o'clock in the morning?
I was bored.
Okay.
Alright, are you getting a PS3?
Yeah.
We're getting the PS3 because my husband's a trader and pre-ordered one right before he quit GameStop.
Do you guys actually get it?
No, we're getting a second shipment.
I don't care because Sony sucks my butt.
Your obligatory question, can you peel potatoes correctly?
You know, I couldn't peel potatoes worth a shit before, and then I played Cooking Mama, and now I am the best potato peeler in the universe.
Nintendo, please give her money.
Better living than Nintendo, I am now the aluminum chef.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, thank you for interviewing with me, Jamie.
I go on to the next step.
Your token lesbian is back, and we're interviewing more people for the WeLine at Target.
And I'm actually with a bunch of guys that are apparently, or one of them at least, is apparently a fan of Orange Lounge Radio, which I'll go over there and interview him in a second when I get closer to him.
They're playing Risk right now, which I find actually really amusing.
I just think that that's like old school, you know.
Alright, alright, I get it.
Okay, I'll interview the first three guys right here.
What's your name?
Gary.
Gary.
What's your name?
Horatio.
Jordan Can I ask you guys, why are you guys out here at 2 in the morning waiting for a week?
We want the Wii.
We want the Wii.
Why do you want the Wii so badly?
Twilight Princess.
Twilight Princess.
And you?
Twilight Princess.
Twilight Princess.
Car, yo!
Can I get your name?
Kristen.
Travis.
Travis.
Why are you out here?
To get a Wii for his brother.
You owe him money?
No, I'm just a good friend.
I'm not broke.
That's sweet.
Can I get your name?
Steven.
Steven?
I'm going to actually have an interview with you.
Steven, why are you here?
Can I ask you guys, can I ask you guys, did you get a PS3?
Or planning on getting a PS3?
Maybe with $100 just for Metal Gear Solid 4.
That's the only game I will be getting for that.
No.
No?
Not at all?
No.
I'll borrow his video game.
Yeah, I'll borrow one.
No, no PS3.
Yeah, Final Fantasy 13.
Alright, and here's your blanket question.
What's your favorite color?
Blue.
You failed.
Green.
Okay, that's correct.
I will be interviewing now an actual Orange Lounge fan who is a DarkSakura fanboy apparently.
So I'll be there in a second.
Hello radio listeners, I am your token lesbian, Chris, and I'm here with an Orange Lounge fan who actually recognized Jamie and Rob, who was out here earlier with cookies.
So can I get your name and your username so people can recognize you?
Anthony, AC Ender, but I'm never in the chat with you.
You're not in the chat at all?
Okay, but you are a listener?
Archive listener.
Awesome.
Okay, can I ask you why you're out here at 2 a.m.
for a Wii?
Wait, the Wii?
I thought I was in the, like, PS3 line.
No, I'm getting a Wii.
Okay, why are you getting a Wii?
Spongebob.
I often hear Zelda's pretty good.
Okay, well, we'll buy that.
All right, are you thinking about getting a PS3 at all?
I'll buy it.
If my friends get it, I'll play it, but I'm not going to buy it myself.
All right, Dave.
All right, what's your favorite color?
Brown.
No, hold on.
I thought white.
Loki is displeased with you.
Loki is displeased with you.
Oh, he's a Microsoft fan.
Yeah, he's a Microsoft fan.
I like Microsoft.
Okay.
Actually, can I ask you, what do you think of the show?
It's amazing.
It's amazing.
What's your favorite part?
I like FU's of the Week.
Damien just informed us that he came up with that.
It's funny because I always talk about the roads in Sacramento.
I'm from Sacramento, so I can relate.
So it's pretty cool.
Awesome.
Is there any advice you'd want to give Rob, Jamie, and Loki?
I don't know.
Tell them to go snorkeling more.
Yeah, go snorkeling more often.
More snorkeling inside the gaming news.
I see.
Can I give you a hint of another...
Hello, Orange Line listeners, I'm at the front of the line.
Somebody just yelled.
That was interesting.
Anyway, I'm at the front of the line with some people playing Monopoly, and I actually haven't gotten an okay to interview all of them, but let's start.
Can I interview you guys?
Yeah.
Okay.
Can I get your name?
I'm Nick.
Rod.
Rod.
Farnsworth.
Farnsworth.
Katie.
Katie.
Katie.
I like to go by Epis.
Epis.
Can I ask you guys why it's so important for you to be at the front of the line waiting for a Wii?
We need a cool place to play Monopoly.
What's the Wii worth waiting for?
Just to hang out with your friends and have a good time.
I mean, that's all we're really doing.
We have nothing else better to do.
Just hang out with friends, play some games.
And we really want the Wii, I guess.
Why do you really want the Wii?
Because we ain't got nothing else better to do next weekend.
Nothing better to do next weekend.
That works.
I want to fit in.
I want to be in the end crowd.
You're not cool unless you have a Wii.
Exactly.
Thank you so much.
Do you want me to come back?
Yeah.
Okay.
I heard it actually increases sexual performance.
With the wrist movements.
No, with the wrist movements.
The good thing about that is I can switch lovers each night.
I think that's the most interesting answer I've gotten yet.
I'm just interested about the Nintendo's way of innovating the game system.
and that's the most intelligent one at the table.
All right.
Can I ask you guys, are you getting a PS3 at all or what do you think about it?
If I can steal one, but I'm not going to pay attention at all.
The one that goes down in price.
Hang on, I'm moving.
You mean the piece of shit three that already has glitches?
Yeah, pretty much.
Oh, whoa!
Well, yeah, I'll be getting one.
Uh...
Why am I going to pay $600 for a system that's going to be a glitch and $600 for something that I'm going to get to play one to two hours every once in a while?
Yeah, that's luck, getting a hooker downtown than playing a PlayStation 3 successfully.
Okay, I like this table.
These people are interesting.
Okay, you guys get an obligatory question.
What's your favorite color?
Clear.
Fail.
Vlog.
I'll accept that.
Corn yellow.
Interesting.
I accept.
Jeremy, you stole mine.
Fail.
I'll pink.
I like pink.
Okay.
Light purple.
Okay, I'll accept that.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, that is the last section.
Well, thank you guys for evening.
Good luck.
Alright, that was our last one.
They are at the front of the line.
And I'll call one more time to tell you how I feel about all this.
If anyone really gives a shit.
So, alright, thanks.
This is the last one I'll be making of these because I bet you're just
and Sick of Me.
But you get one more little tidbit and that is from Wah, your token lesbian of the show.
I'm actually out here because a bunch of people are waiting out in line and they look cold and they do not look happy to be sitting out here in front of Target.
So Jamie and I actually offered to get them coffee and donuts and that's pretty much why I'm out here.
It's because I'm going to go get some coffee and donuts.
That's the only reason.
And apparently I'm getting a Wii, too.
So, eh, whatever.
I've never played Zelda before.
I've never got to because my daddy did not let me.
I was a deprived child.
So, anyway, this is Chris, a.k.a.
Disney Punk.
And this is in front of Target reporting for the Wii line.
And, oh, just to let you know, there's a Best Buy, like, right across the way.
And that line's, like, ten times as long.
and that amuses me.
But this line's cooler because they're getting coffee and donuts soon.
Alright, have fun out there in the Ethernet.
All right, thank you, Chris.
I know some of the folks in the chat room were like, oh, this is long, this is long.
You guys are talking to too damn many people.
I am so sorry.
Don't be sorry, because you know what?
Usagi hit the, or Usagi, I... Say Usagi.
Usagi, I'm sorry if I'm butchering your name to hell.
But no, no, she's right on here, because the quote here is, see, these interviews are what the gaming world is all about, the best people on earth.
And that's exactly it.
That's what made last night so fun, was just meeting other nerds.
It was really amazing.
They were so nice, and they just kind of took to my stupidity really well.
It was really important to interview.
There weren't that many people in line, considering.
It's like, well, there's not that many people.
We need to interview all of them and just get all of them on, and Rob can edit it later.
But it was just really fun meeting all of them.
They all said thanks, and they all asked, so when is it going to be played?
Yeah.
It was like, I think some of them are in here now.
I saw Ace Ender earlier.
Oh, he's back.
Oh, that must have been that whole Netsplit thing came back and some of those other people.
Oh, hi!
I have to say, too, the group that let us hang out with you guys, you guys were fantastic.
You guys were infinitely awesome.
Thank you so much.
Sources of amusement.
and kept me from passing out.
The entire night, the people that were right next to us and right behind us, they just were so nice.
Somebody kept walking up and down just talking to us.
Everybody was so nice.
It was like one big block party.
It was like a gaming convention in front of every store in town.
I was hearing the single best commentary coming from that game of Risk.
That was the best.
Every now and then you'd hear that collective...
And every so often I would ask, who took over the world yet?
I can't wait for Risk to hit Xbox Live someday, you know.
I just took Australia, motherfucker.
WTF, mate.
All right.
DMN's We
and he's giving it away out of the goodness of his heart.
This was not something that was given to him.
This was not something that he bought this with his own money and he's going to be giving it to one of our listeners, right?
Yes.
Or he's giving it to us to give to one of our listeners, something like that.
So we can do whatever rules we want.
So here's the new rules.
It's easy and it's still fair.
Biggest e-penis wins.
Go.
No, no, no.
No, I'm kidding.
So here it is.
Now instead of sending me a private message in chat, here's what you're going to do.
And remember, this only applies to folks listening live Sunday night.
This won't work if you're listening to the rebroadcast on all games.
This won't work if you're listening to us in iTunes or whatever program you use to download our audio archive later on.
Okay, here it is.
If you're listening Sunday night and you want to enter our Wii contest, here it is.
Send an email, one email.
If you send multiple emails, you will be disqualified.
If you send from multiple addresses, we know your IP, you will be disqualified.
And you don't have much time to pull any tricks.
So here it is.
Send one email to wecontest, W-I-I-C-O-N-T-E-S-T at orangeloungeradio.com with your screen name and a phone number we can reach you at if you don't mind us calling you on air or a Skype name will do as well.
And during the break, we'll be getting those emails in and we'll be drawing a very random one when we kick off part B. All right?
Yeah, so for those of you on the podcast, you're going to have to wait a day.
All right.
Sucks for you.
All right, so we will be back soon to determine the winner of the Wii contest.
And for those of you, yep, you do it now.
Ready, set, go, right now.
Yep, you have like five minutes to get it in there.
Go, hurry.
What the hell are you doing listening to us?
Open up your email and freaking email us.
All right, nope, subject does not have to be any particular something.
We just open up the email address for that.
Send one email.
But the more you suck up to me.
Yep.
with your screen name and your number.
We're going to give away the Wii right at the top of Part B. So that's it.
Oh, yes, Chris?
If you send a naked picture with it, you know, extra bonus points.
Oh, stop, stop.
All right.
Boobs only, please.
All right.
We'll be back in a little bit to find out the winner.
Those of you listening to us on the audio archive, we'll be back in about a day, and you can hear the exciting conclusion.
Those of you guys on All Games Radio or listening on Sunday night, stick around.
We'll be right back.
Bye.
Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio
