All right, we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 209 for this November
the 19th of 2006.
Happy launch weekend to those of you folks that picked up a PS3 or a Wii this weekend,
or if you are a 360 user that's just holding out or a current gen user who's not upgrading
to next gen, then happy weekend to you, I guess, or whenever you're listening to this
program.
We here at Orange Lounge Radio are getting into the Wii Launch Madness, and we're giving
away a Wii live tonight on our program, and that's how we're going to kick off part B.
If you want to know the details, you have to listen to part A. Remember Orange Lounge
Radio in our audio archive is released in two different parts.
There's part A, which comes out on Monday, and part B, which comes out now late on Tuesday
instead of Wednesday, so that's another change.
Our chat room is eagerly standing by.
This is something special we did for our live listeners only.
We only advertise this on our live journal and our MySpace communities, so if you want
to find out about future contests before anyone else does, you might want to sign up.
Live journal, our user name is Orange Lounge, and on MySpace we're MySpace.com slash Orange
Lounge Radio.
All right, we should stop stalling, huh, DMN?
Yeah.
God.
DMN, AKA John, is just doing this out of the goodness of his heart, so there's no other
reason for it.
All right, let's stop, let's stop stalling.
Let's get to the winner.
All right, here we go.
I'm now going to pull up random.org, so John, you're going to be picking, I'm pulling 10
random numbers from random.org, and John is looking away, and he is going to tell me which
one of the 10 numbers I'm picking right now.
Rob?
Yes.
Whatever email is number six on that list.
One, two, three, four, five, six, oh, this is great.
All right, guess what number six is?
It was email number 37.
In a row?
In a row?
Yeah, I know how it's coming.
All right, let's count them out, and I just have to verify it's not an employee of OLR
or any of that stuff.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, fourteen, sixteen,
eighteen, twenty, twenty-two, twenty-four, twenty-six, twenty-eight, thirty, thirty-two,
thirty-four, thirty-six, here it is, thirty-seven.
Oh, look who won it.
Let's give them...
Oh, they're going to be...
Oh, I'm...
You know what?
This is somebody who I know has been supporting the show for a long, long time.
This person is going to be very excited.
Let's give them a call right now.
All right, let's give them a call right now.
It's connecting.
Yeah, it's ringing right now, boys and girls.
Let's hope it works.
Here it goes.
It's ringing.
It's ringing.
Hello?
Hi.
Did somebody order a pizza?
Hi.
We're kidding.
Is this Raven's Dolphin?
Just kidding.
This is Orange Lounge Radio calling.
You just won a Wii.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
No, you won the Wii, my friend.
We're kidding.
No, no, no.
You just won it.
Oh, my God.
I won a Wii.
Yep.
You won the Wii, my friend.
Oh, my God.
Dude, I've got to say, I'm jazzed for you, calling to this show all the time.
And for once, we're Skyping you.
And for once, we're calling you to tell you that you won a Wii.
You did it.
You were emailed number 37 in the inbox.
Oh, my God.
So you did it.
I'm literally speechless.
I know.
I'd go crazy, too, if I were you.
So congratulations.
So what are you going to do with your Wii?
Do you already own a Wii?
No.
No.
Sort of.
What?
Sort of?
What does that mean?
All right.
I do.
But I have plans for this.
Oh.
What's the plans for this?
All right.
I was going to do something similar to DMN, but I won a Wii.
I'm happy about that.
The question is, I'm not going to go on an eBay.
Good.
Just in case someone at Christmas time can't find one, I'm going to give it to someone.
That's very generous.
That's very cool.
That's very cool.
So someone's going to get it.
That's awesome.
Well, congratulations, Ravenstaufen.
We need to get in touch with DMN.
You know my personal email on the site, right?
Just send me an email and we'll get your shipping address and get it taken care of, all right?
Oh, one more thing, Rob.
Yes.
Long time you on the line.
Yes.
Rayman's Raven Rabbits.
Yes.
Give me one.
What about it?
Rayman's Raven Rabbits.
What about it?
All right, there's this DDR team that you drum this deck with it and you beat the little
rabbits to death, and it reminds me so much of you, and I enjoy it because they play girls
that want to have fun, and it's such an enjoyable.
Gee, thanks.
All right.
I haven't played that mini game yet.
I'm sorry.
Yes, you did.
That one?
Would girls just want to have fun?
No.
When we played the one with the...
It was Misery Loo that played.
Yes.
But we played that one.
All right.
Raven's off.
We've got to get back into the show, but thanks so much for entering and supporting Orange
Launch Radio, and now we're giving something back to you.
Oh, my gosh.
All right.
I can't believe I won.
All right.
Have a good one.
Have a good one.
See you back.
All right.
And of course, everybody in our chat was very bitter over the fact that he may or may not
already own a Wii, but you know what?
Hey, it's fair and square.
We said it in front.
Whoever wants to enter the contest can, and it sounds like he's got really good plans
for the Wii that he's going to give it back to someone who really is needy come Christmas
time.
So you know what?
I can't argue with that.
That's going to be great.
You guys stop being Scrooges.
That's right.
You guys are just Scrooge.
You're bitter.
You're bitter old queens because you didn't win in Kings.
So just, you know, maybe next time.
We got other stuff to give away and I've come to see your bundle of flip.
Oh, you know what?
Oh, I was going to tell people about this.
If you've been reading the forms, it's going to be ongoing, you know, whenever it happens,
but we're going to have a new contest called early release.
Get your mind out of the gutter where we get games a little early where I work.
So what I'm going to do is have random contests here and now announcing games and we'll probably
do the same thing as we did here.
Like if a game comes out, like, you know, I think we may start it either next month,
either in December or January, because I'm thinking WarioWare because a lot of people
love that.
We're going to give away the game before it comes out so you can rub it in people's faces.
I played it before it came out.
Bitches.
All right.
We'll look forward to that.
So those of you guys that are all huffy because you didn't win tonight, you have another chance
later on.
And for those of you guys that are listening on our audio archive, of course we're going
to have some cool stuff for you guys too.
We don't want to leave you out just because you might be international and can't really
catch the show on Sunday night or whatever the case may be.
So anyway, enough excitement here about the Wii giveaway.
Let's go back to the show, shall we?
And talk about some more gaming news.
All right, let's.
So next week, of course, being Thanksgiving, and we all know it comes after Thanksgiving
other than, you know, falling asleep from overeating Black Friday.
And of course, you know, with Black Friday there's always going to be, you know, great
deals on games and stuff.
And some of those you might be looking out for, for example, Best Buy.
They're having a pretty good sale on some 360 games.
For $18.99, you can score a copy of either Amp 3, Condemned, NBA Live 06, Rockstar Table
Tennis, and The Outfit, which is actually going to be $9.99 if you get it in the store
before noon.
And trust me, that game is not worth the $9.99.
Circuit City, on the other hand, is offering Full Auto, Gun, Perfect Dark Zero, Quake 4,
and Tony Hawk's American Wasteland for $16.99.
So that's not bad either.
I mean, those are some pretty good games.
Full Auto is fun.
All right.
Well, you know, it's been a lot of Nintendo versus Sony this week, and some people are
taking out their aggressions on Wikipedia.
You know, I'm glad no one's decided to vandalize our entry, and no, that's not encouraging
you to do it.
I don't know if people wrote an Orange Launch Radio entry on Wikipedia, it's pretty rad.
But of course, Sony and Nintendo are entries that are much, much more visited over on Wikipedia,
and people are editing these articles to just say, Nintendo sucks, 11111, or Sony sucks
and Ken Kutaragi eats crayons, 111DarkSakura, we all know you've been editing on Wikipedia
to add a...
The hell I have.
Ken Kutaragi's Bio PS eats crayons, or maybe it's Macy, who knows.
So anyway, Wikipedia has decided to put the smacketh down.
They've decided to lock those articles, Nintendo and Sony, for until further notice, so that
you cannot edit these entries unless you are a registered user, I'm assuming of some standing
there on Wikipedia, because if you're registered, then they can track what you do and give you
the ban of death, the ban hammer.
Isn't that a game that's coming out on the Wii?
Ban hammer?
No, project hammer, I know.
Whatever happened to project hammer?
I remember hearing about that at E3, but where did it go?
Oh, next year.
All right.
So anyway, be good when you're editing Wikipedia articles, or else you'll get the project hammer
slammed on you by the staff at Wikipedia.
Well, not that it has too much to do with hammers, but I guess you could take it that
way.
Guess what game's coming out on PSP?
Super Mario Brothers?
Luminous 3.
No, Rainbow Islands is heading to the PSP.
Really?
In Rising Star Games Evolution series, those are the PSP remakes, their DS ones are Revolution,
and it's to follow Space Invaders and Bubble Bobble.
Should be out in first quarter 2007, although they haven't really stated much else about
it.
And for anyone who's bitching that it was not on DS, yeah, it was.
You know, Rainbow Islands, is that the one I'm thinking of where you shoot?
I thought it was Rainbow Stars.
That's the one that you shoot?
That's Parasol Stars.
Okay, I'm sorry, I'm confusing Parasol Stars and Rainbows.
I love Rainbow Islands.
That's the one that you shoot the rainbows.
Yeah, that's fun.
I have that on one of the collections I have on Xbox.
See, I universes actually have it on Turbo Graphics, but I would love to have a hand-held
Parasol Stars.
Well, I mean, technically I do, since I have one of the portable Turbo Graphics.
But I would love to have it on, you know...
But Rainbow Islands is the classic.
Not as many people play Parasol Stars.
You know I have to ask this question though, will I be able to get past level 30?
Well, hopefully they will have, you know, starved off the diet of crayons and maybe
eaten some Copics so that the alcohol will have dried quickly and their brains might
function for a little bit long enough to program in the boss.
Robway in our chat room over at chat.orangeonserator.com said almost the same thing I did when I said
it.
It said, but can you actually beat the mid-boss on Rainbow Islands?
So very cool.
Rama agrees, Paracel Stars owns.
I think the first time I ever saw Paracel Stars, I want to say was on Supercade or whatever
that game show.
No, Supercade.
Ultracade?
No, the game show.
God, Starcade.
No, Supercade was an actual arcade here in town.
Starcade was the name of that show.
They showed the reruns on G4 back when it was good, remember?
That was a great show.
When G4 first launched, they used to show reruns of Starcade.
It was awesome.
That's just craziness.
Crazy.
Craziness.
Crazy.
Okay, maybe not that crazy.
Anywho, okay, so of course with each update for the PSP, someone's got to break it.
And they have, with the brand new eLoader for firmware 2.80.
You can actually launch most homebrew stuff on there as well as stuff made from XMB.
And they have a wonderful little application to easily install it on there for you.
So homebrew on 2.8.
I can't wait to see that stuff on the PlayStation 3 when they're going to have to constantly
upgrade the firmware to stop pirates.
Are you still doing a little bit of playing around with the firmware on your PSP, Loki?
Have you been following this at all?
No, I just keep upgrading.
You just keep upgrading?
It's kind of lost now, wanting to do the whole NES games on this.
I just don't care anymore.
I don't hardly play.
I've sold all my PSP games except for Grand Theft Auto, and I honestly don't play anything.
The only other game I do have on order for the PSP is The Warriors coming out, but really
I mean that's not much of a stretch from Grand Theft Auto.
I still like my PSP for like web browsing for my bed and things like that and downloading
shows and playing Luminous, of course, but I don't know.
Somebody was telling me, John, was this you telling me the other day that you think the
PSP's a done deal in 2007?
Yes.
Even with all the PS3 support?
It doesn't matter.
It's gimmicky.
No, no, no.
This is honestly what I'm thinking.
Even with my own company that I work for, if you look at the portable connectivity to
like the Big Daddy console, it sucked, and with the exception of Super Game Boy, it sucked.
The Game Boy Advance link thing to the GameCube was horrible.
Could they possibly learn from these mistakes?
They could.
I doubt it.
I mean it would be nice to see something like that work.
I know Nintendo said that they may try to do DS and Wii connectivity, which would be
cool.
I don't know how that would work, but we'll see.
We shall see.
Well, speaking of Nintendo and things coming up in the future, you know the thing that
pisses us off most about Nintendo, yet we are suckers for it and we keep going back
anyway.
Nintendo is notorious for getting you to buy the same damn thing multiple times, right?
You buy a DS regular, oh, here comes the DS Lite, oh, here it comes in prettier colors,
right?
Right?
This happens all the time.
Well, guess what?
You knew this was going to happen when you saw those pictures of the Wiis at E3, and
then suddenly you saw the Wiis in the different colors, and then now you only have the white
Wii, right?
Well, sure enough, it is, now this is kind of a rumor, but Game Daily, who originally
reported this, gamedaily.com is saying this is confirmed, that Nintendo of America confirmed
that they are going to be re-releasing the Wii, supposedly, or it's a DVD-enabled Wii,
will be coming to the U.S. sometime during 2007.
Let's see, there's something, quote, Sonic Cineplayer CE DVD Navigator will be bringing
high-quality DVD movie viewing to a future version of the company Wii Gaming Console.
So kind of interesting, so we already know there's probably going to be a souped-up Wii
somewhere in 2007.
But it's going to be more than $249.99.
I would say it might be, you know, in the mid-300 dollar range.
One billion dollars, not really, but you know, is that many people going to want to get this
just for DVD playback?
I mean, it's...
I don't think so.
Who cares?
I'm not.
I have several DVD players.
I have 60 that works just fine as a DVD player.
I have two DVD players in my house, a PS2, which I don't really use that much for a DVD
player, and you know, an upscaling DVD player.
Why do I want...
I have a five-disc changer in my living room.
You want a cookie?
No, I want a donut, though.
Okay.
No, not really.
Our good buddy Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I only have four DVD players hooked up to
my main TV.
Legend of Zaku says, Sky, it's called the left hand, doesn't know what the right hand
is doing.
So maybe insinuating that something is kind of going on in Nintendo there, they don't
know what each other's doing.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
Would anybody be interested in buying a Wii that has DVD playback?
No.
No.
Now, what if they sweetened the pot with some, like, maybe different colors, like maybe
get a pink Wii and some upgraded internal memory?
Would that sweeten the pot for anybody?
If they get a pink Wii, they're buying that for my girlfriend, because that's all she's
going to want.
I want the pink Wii!
It's so cute!
If it were a big black Wii, maybe.
Just inserting the media into the pink slot is, you know.
I just want you to put this card in my pink Wii slot.
Wow!
Upgrade my memory!
Upgrade my memory!
Speaking of upgrading, let's upgrade the show, shall we?
How about some UK release dates?
All right, sure, why not?
We've been neglecting our poor buddies over in the UK.
Let's show them some love.
Dark Sakura, love them all right now.
Coming out in the UK is a crap load of games.
Asphalt Urban GT2, Bionicle Heroes on multiple systems, Call of Duty 3, Cats 2006, Krusty
Demons, Dogs 2006, EA Sports Cricket 07, I want crickets!
Come out over here!
Hell fucking yes!
Aragon's coming out on damn near everything based off of the unintelligible book of the
same name.
Guitar Hero 2, make sure you buy this game, every single person, and unlock Trogdor.
Hotel Duskroom 2-15, Justice League Heroes, Medal of Honor Heroes, Mercury Meltdown Remix,
Neo Geo Battle Colosseum, Fantasy Star Universe, also a fun game, Prince of Persia Arrival
Swords, Race the Official WTCC Game, Rule of Rose, Sonic the Hedgehog, Superman Returns
the Video Game, Thrillville, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas, and a bunch of other stuff
that has unconfirmed dates.
Excellent.
Cool.
Anyways, for the US, we're getting quite a bit of stuff, and of course got to start everything
off with our wonderful exclusive information.
So starting with a few price drops actually, and I'm not too surprised by this, but NBA
Live 07, they've already dropped the price on the 360 and other formats, the 360 is now
$39.99.
I guess NBA Live 07 really didn't sell that well, so that's interesting.
Blazing Angels has been delayed for the Wii to March 14th, and then finally not really
game related, but Final Fantasy Advent Children, the collector's gift set, with a bonus DVD,
script and postcards will be coming to your favorite video outlet on February 6th.
So that'll be pretty fun.
Now for game release dates of course, the big game of course this week would be Superman
Returns, and that's coming out on Playstation 2, Xbox, 360, and the portable systems, and
some of my favorite games though.
Can I interrupt real quick?
I'm sorry.
Did anyone play the demo?
Because I heard the demo went to live this week, and I haven't heard a lot of chat about
it.
I haven't gotten to play the demo yet, but I watched a funny video of it.
I've been reading negative reviews online, but I seem to remember at E3 it didn't look
that bad.
It looked pretty awesome.
I guess Sonic looks good, but it plays poopy on the next one.
I watched someone stack cars, and that was pretty funny.
Another game that's actually received another demo recently, Rainbow Six Vegas will be finally
coming out on the 360 this week, which is pretty awesome.
If you're into hunting elephants and stuff of that nature, Cabela's African Safari will
be coming out on the 360, Africa, the kind of Africa I like.
How about Jambo Safari?
Give me that again.
And then finally, College Hoops 2K7 is going to be coming out on Xbox and the Xbox 360.
No one on the Playstation 2, for some reason that one was delayed to December, which is
very interesting.
And then Thrillville will be coming out on Playstation 2 and Xbox, and if you're a fan
of the Roller Coaster Tycoon games, that might be one for you.
That's basically the big stuff.
Get a bunch of crappy DS games.
I think there's a couple Wii games coming out.
I want to see some of the movie-based games, like Open Season and Barnyard.
Stuff you probably wouldn't want to pick up anyways.
I might if I had children.
I didn't notice until John pointed it out to me, Happy Feet has a DDR rip-off in it.
But Miklotov told me Happy Feet was the worst movie ever.
But I love penguins.
I know, it looks so cute.
I want to say Miklotov is full of evil, but I don't know.
Well, I was going to say also that there's going to be two brain training games coming
out.
Brain Boost, Gamma Wave, and Beta Wave are going to be coming out for the DS as well.
And let's move on to our Japanese release dates.
Hi there, Japan.
How are you guys doing?
You guys have some games coming out pretty soon.
On the Xbox 360 this week, Dead or Alive Extreme 2, I know some of you guys are looking forward
to that one.
NBA Live 07, X-Men the official game, and you guys are getting the HD DVD player this
week.
This one made me squeal a little bit.
A lot of folks don't remember this game.
It was on the PS2.
It's called Cold Sept.
There's a game called Cold Sept Saga coming out on Xbox 360, and it does look like it's
a sequel to the first game.
It's like Magic the Gathering mixed with Monopoly, I guess is the best way I could explain it.
But it was kind of a fun game I used to play with somebody I knew.
They have a trailer up on live for, it was during the E3 thing for that.
Oh, I totally missed it somehow, so I'm very excited.
Cold Sept, hopefully it's coming out over here.
I'm sure it is.
Eventually.
Eventually.
It's coming out from Japan, which means it will be making its way over here somewhat
soon.
Well, hey, I got some kind of random dimension.
You know Disgaea?
They're actually starting up an anime series for that.
I thought that we reported on that a while ago.
Whatever, okay, so I'm behind the times.
I noticed it the other day when I was ordering anime for somebody.
In case you didn't know.
Welcome to the show, Loki, nice to have you.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2, hey, Bomani fans, Guitar Freaks V2 and Drummania V2 coming
out this week.
Gonna cost you well over $60 to import it, though, but I know a lot of folks are into
their Guitar Freaks.
Darsakha, sound like something you might be getting?
Maybe, I don't know.
I've sort of gotten out of Guitar Freaks since I have Guitar Hero.
Maybe.
Winning 11-10, plus Europe League 6 and 7 coming out there as well on the PlayStation
2.
Let's see, what else is coming out here over in Japan?
Let's go to another system this week.
We have on the Nintendo DS, Minna no DS Karingu, and this is my favorite title of the week,
and I love the box art, too, as well.
It's like these two little, you know, kawaii girls there, making their little poses there.
The game is called Osare Majo Love and Berry, and it's coming out from Sega for the Nintendo
DS.
It's a puzzle game.
It's a puzzle game.
Let's see, is that a game where you, you know, love somebody and then knock them off and
bury them in your backyard?
No, it's Berry, like a raspberry or a blueberry type thing.
Berry what?
Like cherry or dingleberry?
I don't know how else I can explain this to you people.
Is that the hentai game?
Is it a hentai game?
There was a Japanese site a really long time ago advertising, like, a hentai dating sim
for the DS.
We have to feel up girls to see who's a- No, that's a different game.
It's from Sega, and it's class- Oh, it's not Sega, then.
It's classified as puzzle, so I don't- I'll say one thing, it sounds right.
Touching is good.
The female body is a puzzle.
The female body is a puzzle, generally.
Trying to date a woman or a man is a puzzle, in a way, so that could be an appropriate
title.
I don't know.
Anyway, let's get back to the news.
Well, this is something that I know a lot of people will be excited about.
There is a new demo- I'm excited already before you even mention
it.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
I will get- Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
I quit, I quit, I quit, I quit.
Rob.
Rob.
Can we keep this show moving, please?
What?
Attention!
What?
Quit dying of fire.
Okay.
Anyway.
A game coming out, it's actually a demo on Xbox Live.
There is a 360 demo of Cars, 450 megawatts of data, so you can play as Lightning McQueen
through Radiator Springs.
Ka-chow!
Ka-chow!
God dammit.
I must be a movie reference, I haven't seen a movie, so.
But anyway, it's not yet available, though, in Asia, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Ireland,
Netherlands, Norway, or Switzerland.
I thought you were starting the Animaniacs country song there for a second.
By the way, I'm going to be opening up SmashMyDarkSakura.com in coming weeks.
I'm smashing Rob with a ferret.
But the good news is, next week you get to see me in a pimp outfit, so it works out.
Now I know you're a big Disney fangirl, Chris.
Are you excited about Cars on the 360?
Give me a mic.
You know what, actually I kind of am.
For those of you who know, Pixar and Disney are not quite the same.
Pixar is considered a bigger league than Disney, but they're technically the same thing.
So I'm actually excited for it, because Meg Z is the biggest Pixar nut.
I mean, you can't watch a movie with her without picking out every little speck.
So I'm just excited that it's coming out, so I can kind of, I don't know.
She's a big Pixar fan, and her passion makes me excited.
So I'm looking forward to it.
I mean, Cars, come on.
That's kind of sweet in a really gay way.
Rob, we need to have a rainbow conversation.
SSG100Mac gets my kudos for going United States, Canada, Mexico, Panama, India, Jamaica, Peru.
I'm sorry, the straight guy in me only heard her passion will make me excited.
I can tell you stories about the hotel in Madison that we stayed at.
We beat people.
I think we need to give, since we're kind of making this shift towards nerd radio, I
think we need to give Chris and Meg Z their own show where they just talk dirty to us.
We're actually thinking about doing our own podcast, kind of like Rance.
Jamie's going to be in on it.
Just call it Ask a Lesbian.
We're going to call it Smoothie Talk.
We've got to get back to games, games, games, games, games, games, games.
Anyway, so with the whole launches of the big systems and stuff, you've got the PlayStation
3 and Wii bundling going on, and one of those stores actually doing that would be Fry's,
and apparently some of their bundles, they were actually creating eight-game bundles,
and basically bundles as large as, you know, $1,080, $1,080, that's funny.
But anyways, so, I don't know, what do you guys think of these bundles, you know, forcing
people to buy eight games?
On one side, I have worked in the retail when this happens, they want to make sure that
people are going in there to buy the system so they play it and not to sell it on eBay.
However, as a consumer, I think it's bullshit, because if I want to go in there and buy one
console, one game, and one controller, I should be able to.
I'll tell you why they do that, because margins on consoles suck.
Margins from Nintendo's console this time around really, really, really suck, especially
the accessories.
Their games are officially inflating their prices to be able to make more of a profit
this quarter.
Now, TigerClaw sent me an interesting link when we first started the show, something
kind of last minute that came up.
Apparently there's this thing on YouTube going around where some guy's very angry at FYE
because he preordered a Wii, and then they forced a bundle on him.
But he couldn't even get Zelda and Excite Truck in the bundle, he had to get like crap
games.
He's making this boycott FYE movement on YouTube, and I'm sorry, I don't know the link on YouTube,
but I'm sure if you put in FYE and Wii, it'll come up there somewhere.
It's nothing but text telling his story.
It's kind of sarcastic, so that seems kind of low, to do that to pre-orders.
And something that actually needs to really be sent to the Better Business Bureau.
Well, I want to say, didn't something happen to a Best Buy in the northwest somewhere where
they were trying to do something similar?
And it even opened up this investigation, and I'm sorry, I'm kind of sketchy on trying
to think back that far, but I seem to recall that this bundling thing has been very much
frowned upon before, that you're kind of forcing consumers to buy these things together, so
huh?
Well, it's linked to the, apparently the YouTube link in our channel.
Oh, thank you, Bandit.
Rob White says, well, I don't shop much at FYE anyway.
Robert M. says, I'm really hoping there's even better Wii titles in the future.
I know there should be, of course.
You know, I've got to say all in all, though, Wii's launch, not too shabby.
I mean, to get a Zelda game at launch is pretty hot, and some of the third party, I mean,
yeah, there's a lot of crap movie franchise, SpongeBob type, well, I can't knock it till
I've played it, so whatever.
There's questionable content there at the launch.
Game 2 ports that are just getting the Wii treatment, basically.
Yeah, but you know what, Cytruck's pretty fun, and I like Trauma Center.
All things considered, to get some solid games at launch is pretty good, so I don't know.
Xbox 360 had a pretty decent launch, all things considered, too.
With their launch, and even still true today, there's still a lot of games that come out
that are just ports from last generation just kind of being enhanced a little bit, and you
know, you just got to notice them for what they are, and just don't buy them if you don't
want them.
Rob Way says, someday Nintendo will launch with Zelda and Mario.
That's what they were going for this round, though, with Mario Galaxy, right?
Probably just didn't get finished in time for the Christmas season.
I don't know.
Who am I to know?
Who am I to know?
I'm sorry?
I'm sorry?
They released Mario Bros. on the virtual platform.
Boo!
Boo!
Listen.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You shut your mouth.
I love original Mario Bros.
Oh, bullshit, okay?
You put that on every single goddamn Game Boy Advance game.
To be fair, they've put it on every frickin' Advance title.
I am a little bit tired of it at this point, but I do love old school Mario Bros.
I mean, come on.
They're virtual.
Pow, pow.
Soccer and pinball.
Yeah, I know, I know.
That's fine.
Whatever.
The original Mario Bros., we've got to go in order.
That's fine.
Black Boy says, I think they intentionally held back on Mario to have a steady stream
of games.
So, in other words, and pardon my vulgarity, they didn't want to blow their load at once.
That certainly is fair, right?
You know there's Metroid Prime 3 in the pipeline and Mario in the pipeline and Super Smash
Bros., absolutely.
It's a good marketing decision because if you release all these franchises at once,
yes, you're going to sell a lot of games, but then what are you going to have down the
road?
You're going to have Diddly-O or Squat, or both, and you don't want that.
You want a steady stream of games in the market to keep you occupied.
It's a good business decision by Nintendo.
Nintendo wants to have multiple pleasure, yes, multiples.
Tantric game releases.
Yes.
Thank you.
That's a very good way to put it.
Giggity, giggity, goo.
Black Boy gets a gold star from Orange Launch Radio tonight in the chat room.
Good for you, Black Boy.
Pat, pat, pat.
You got a gold star.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
That was a good comment.
It was a good comment.
All right.
Let's see.
Oh, going to the other end of this.
We're going from bundles to the other extreme.
Did you hear about the Japanese PlayStation 3 sales?
This is interesting.
There are some numbers coming from Media Create.
Multiple hardware sales, they sold 81,639 PlayStation 3s in Japan, 45,000 approximately
of those were the 60 gig models.
But get this, they sold 21,000 about of Ridge Racer 7, which was the most popular launch
title, all the way down to Sega Golf Club, which sold 1,410 copies.
Poor Sega.
When you add it all together, that's 66,684 games and 81,639 consoles.
That's less than one game of consoles.
And there's no bundle like there is with the Wii.
If these figures came out for the Wii, you could go, well, at least there's Wii Sports.
We talked to some people last night, so Drew Nami is sitting in the back going, eBay, maybe.
Or do people just really want a cheap Blu-ray player?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Dark Soccer?
Cheap Blu-ray player.
I don't know.
That was really the big reason why the PS2 sold was because it was a cheaper DVD player
in Japan.
It makes sense.
I agree with that, but let's be a little more real here.
What does the average Japanese gamer like to play?
RPGs.
There were none released at launch.
That's why there were no games sold.
But racing games are also hugely popular over there.
So Ridge Racer 7 should have been a big, big title.
Well, Ridge Racer is kind of the sun setting on that franchise.
It's not that good of a franchise anymore.
Oh, then it's Fightin' Words, though.
It hasn't been good since Ridge Racer 4.
Yeah, that's about right.
Really?
That was the last.
The Ridge Racer 4 bundle with the Jogcon, best bundle ever.
Since then, nothing's topped it.
Except for having the Negcon when you play Wipeout.
I like 6.
I didn't love it, but I liked it.
It's all about Ridge Racer DS.
It's a really good deal now for 20 bucks.
All about Ridge Racer DS.
All right.
Act Def says Ridge Racer 5 is good.
Ridge Racer 5 was good, but I don't think it topped Ridge Racer 4.
R4 was the top of it.
All right.
Well, we've got a lot of opinions here tonight, and certainly you have some of your own, and
you like to email those to us at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And once a week, Dark Soccer likes to dive into Mailbag and pull out some of her favorite
emails to read to you here, live, on air, and it's called our Mailbag Segment.
Dark Soccer, take it away.
First email comes up.
These are sort of being read out of order that I received them, so I'm being random
today.
Ooh.
Hey, random.
First one comes from Robway.
I have a lot of problems with the way things are being done with next-gen console launches.
Something bothers me in particular.
You can pre-order games for both systems, but not the systems themselves.
This encourages the whole eBay thing if they're trying to avoid.
It more or less validates it, saying, we know you won't be able to get one, so buy your
games now and get the system off eBay.
This also hurts the console manufacturers because the buyers who will just resell the
things won't buy any games.
This is because a PS3 for one game will auction off at the same as a PS3 with no games.
I see no reason to buy games for a console I don't have and will be of limited availability.
Another one comes from AZHP, or AsHP, I guess I should say.
Dear Dark Soccer...
Isn't that short for Asian Harry Potter?
I soon remember it's that nickname on DDR Freakbook years ago.
I thought it was Asian hit points.
Oh, well, who cares?
Sorry.
Okay.
May I continue?
Yeah, so that's how he signs his emails and that's how it's read.
A few months ago, my friend and a bunch of his friends in Japan got together and pre-ordered
100 PS3s at 30 different stores.
I didn't believe him at first and then he sent me this picture and I'll link it in the
chat room.
I've seen this.
I want to say I saw it over on YouN00B.com.
They ran a blog post about it, the picture of the 100 PlayStation 3s.
Listen, with all 100 in his house, he's going to resell them all on eBay and make $100,000
in a day.
Please reassure me that he's making dirty money and I shouldn't be troubled that I'm
not profiting off this PS3 like he and his friends are.
Brace yourself.
Dirty.
Dirty.
Dirty.
Dirty.
Freaking ridiculous.
Oh, my God.
Why are you friends with such a lame-ass person, seriously?
I think it's a great idea.
You know what, though?
People are selling them on eBay.
You see an opportunity to make money, go for it.
If I had the kind of money, I'd be buying 100 PS3s to sell on eBay to make $100,000.
That's a lot of money that I can spend to maybe buy myself a house or something like
that.
You know what?
The dumbasses are the ones that paid that kind of money for a PS3.
I would feel horribly filthy using dirty money like that.
It's capitalism at work.
It's filthy.
It's disgusting.
Jamie, I think I have to agree.
If you've got the means to do it, that's what capitalism is.
It's playing off of people's stupidity.
It's fucking immoral.
Take this in a different direction.
Isn't this really risky?
I mean, because if the PlayStation 3s, the bottom fell out as they're saying is happening
on the Japanese auctions, that they're not going for what they thought they were going
to, this guy could stand to lose a poop-load of money.
I don't feel comfortable with the idea where I believe that stupid people who buy the systems
deserve what they get.
That was my next question, is how much is the buyer to blame in this scenario?
The buyer is very much to blame, however, I think being responsible for creating that
sort of situation is, I mean, it's really a very massive downfall in society.
I think it's really disgusting, you know, oh, I'm going to take advantage of this person
because they are greedy.
And true, where I do agree with the punishment aspect of it, I don't agree that it should
even be an option to begin with.
I think, I believe, I believe in fair trade.
So you're saying it's like extortion, pretty much.
It's extortion, it is.
But if you're dumb enough to do it...
No, I'm not saying, you know, the people that are dumb enough to buy it, I agree, yeah,
if they're dumb enough to buy it, then they deserve to get jacked, however, the situation
should not exist to begin with.
Look, either way, someone pays for it, either the person buying or the person who doesn't
sell it.
So either way, justice is done.
I got to read some interesting comments from Chat Room, of course, I got to read the smart
ass ones because this one made me laugh.
Alex of the OL Army says, with 100 PlayStation 3s you could cast Meteor without a Black Materia.
And Rob Way says, I'll have to cast Black Materia in 2009 or so when I can even buy
one PlayStation 3.
Rob Way says, I agree with extortion, it's very much like selling concert tickets over
cost.
Scalping?
Interesting.
Yeah.
All right.
You know, I think, and on top of that, this should, this should, making that much money
off your eBay sale should count as taxable income.
I would agree with that, but how does it work when you're Japan selling them overseas?
I don't, then that gets weird.
I don't know.
It's just like people who import cigarettes to get around taxes.
I just think that it's a sad state that our, you know, that our world has basically been
reduced to this.
You know, what happened to making a fucking honest living seriously?
What happened, what happened to going out and
Okay, Chris, repeat your comment though, cause I have a follow up.
That died a while ago, making an honest living.
It's obsolete.
But do you, do you think that's why people were weirded out when you were offering free
donuts?
Why?
Wait, the making honest living is, that's what weirded people out?
Wait, I don't know how to say the questions, I was like, redo your question.
Cause you're saying it's a sad state of the world, you know, I'm just playing devil's
advocate here.
You're saying it's a, you know, it's a sad state of the world that we're in that people
buy into, so I'm thinking is it somehow related to maybe the reason why people are so kind
of like, they, they don't expect anything for nothing ever, which is why they're weirded
out that you gave free donuts and just wanted to be a fun, nice person that liked games
like them?
Oh yeah.
I mean, it's, this is the, I mean, I'm, I'm a very idealistic person.
I think everyone should be, you know, candy and gumdrops and all that shit, but at the
same time, it's, I'm sorry, this is the way the world is.
It's capitalism, it's extortion, all of that, all of that stuff in it, you know, and I can
try and be a nice person.
I mean, I am a nice person.
I'm sorry to say though, but just accepting it blindly is what basically produces this
behavior.
You know, just, just to give another, another perspective on this though, and then we'll
keep it moving.
What about eBay?
Isn't eBay's hands dirty in this?
Because who's directly profiting off of this markup?
Oh no, I fully...
eBay makes the share of all these, they could end this if they wanted to.
Oh no, I fully believe that eBay has a degree of responsibility in this too.
I just think that it's a dirty situation.
The money is not, they're basically taking Sony's work and making a profit off of something
they had no involvement in.
They're basically, they're stealing somebody else's work.
Certainly a hot topic we're going to get more emails on in the future, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
If you want to comment.
Oh, Drew, last word.
It is a free market though, if they don't want to pay that, they don't have to buy it.
If they do, they're just as stupid as the people who are reselling them for that much
money.
Alright.
And one thing to think about is if Sony marked up a PS3 to $1,000, would you still buy it?
We could probably do a whole show on the ethics of this, but in the interest of time we should
probably keep it moving.
Do we agree though that it is unethical?
I don't want to say it's unethical, I think the problem is everybody's on a different
page.
I think so, we just have to agree to disagree.
I don't know, but my personal feeling is I feel like to me, and this is me personally,
I'm not going to judge you or whatever, you're going to do whatever you're going to do, but
my thing is I feel like it's the equivalent of buying a car stereo when you know it's
stolen.
I don't know, to me that's...
I've said this before, if Dan turned around and tried to sell our PS3 for more than what
he paid for it, I would have serious questions about my relationship with him.
But that's you guys, that's between you and him, so.
Alright, we've got to keep it moving folks.
We have more emails?
Okay, we have, I'm only going to read a few more of them because we actually did get quite
a number of them in.
One of them is from AJ Twist, speaking of work, that brings me to my first topic of
this email.
I work at KB Toys, I don't know if anyone has stepped into one within the last month,
but they're having a big video game sale.
All video games, and I think accessories, are 50% off, including Game Boy Advance and
DS titles.
Cool, huh?
Before the sale, I asked my manager if we will be getting any Wii's or PS3's.
She told me no.
KB is trying to get away from selling video games.
I wonder why.
Mrs. Manager told me KB is doing this because a lot of these games cause people to break
into stores.
They are the most stolen item in a robbery, so now KB is trying to get rid of these games,
but they are keeping the Nintendo handhelds because they sell better to younger kids.
So there's an answer to all those people out there who are wondering about KB's lack of
good and new games, and new gen systems, but maybe there's a bigger explanation behind
it.
Yeah, I'll keep it simple, KB doesn't make any sort of freaking money.
It's interesting because I remember when KB used to sell a lot of games, and I didn't
really think about it until I heard this email.
I haven't really heard them as a serious video game contender in a long time.
Yeah, it's like I'm sure people are going to break into a mall to break into a KB to
steal games from them.
There are KB's that are outside malls.
There was one.
There's plenty of strip malls.
Whatever, it's KB.
Last time, every time I walked past a KB, it looks like they're closing out.
I mean, seriously, it's like, you know, we've lost our lease sale, you know, all toys must
go.
That's what it always looks like.
Rob Roy says, if I broke into KB, I'd steal all the Pop Rocks.
It's all about the inflatable pools.
Moving on, to me being able to play the Wii 10 days before launch, I went to a GameStop
where there was a Wii.
I was so excited to see it.
It is small.
I had to hand in a photo ID and credit card to play, just like it was rumored nearly a
month ago, but I didn't care because that option of being able to play with a Nintendo's
Wii was there.
No one will care about my story a week from now, so moving on to what I've been up to.
Guitar Hero 2, crazy, love it, I've always wanted the first but never had time or money
to buy it.
I actually chose BeatMania over Guitar Hero when I did have the chance.
Love that game just as much, but it's much harder to play than Guitar Hero, in my opinion.
Freeze Pops, Less Talk, More Rock, Kick Sass, as well as Trogdor.
Luminous 2 for PSP, my friend owns it.
I've played it once and loved it more than the first.
I actually love the fact that all the old skins are back in this one's sky.
I love all the skins and music in the first, so having them back with some skins looking
better makes me a happy bunny.
I guess that's all for now.
Keep gaming and continue to be the crazy and great source of gaming news and fun.
Also to state, I am going to be posting My Little Pony Killer's letter in our forums
momentarily as my letter of the week, so as long as it will not be read, it will be on
our forums.
Make sure you go there and read it.
But our other really good email I got from Grin without a Cat is if we're all ready to
listen.
Uh-huh, I'm listening.
Okay.
John's making nasty motions at me.
Hey guys, I thought I'd let you know my thoughts on Gears of War, someone who's not into shooters
in a big way.
I did speak briefly with Sky about it on live, as I know it's a great game for fans of the
genre, but with the 10 out of 10 scores it's been getting, I was wondering if it was something
everyone should try.
I'm certainly not disappointed with the game.
It plays good, it looks good, it sounds good, but I don't think it's quite as good as a
lot of reviews have made out.
I can't see it becoming a milestone in gaming in the same way titles such as Mario 64, Ocarina
of Time, GTA 3, or Halo were.
It's still just a shooter, and there's not a whole lot of variety in what you'll be doing.
The story was a bit, well, non-existent, which I found surprising, as I had heard, they had
the guy who wrote the Halo novels to do it.
I've not read those books, but I heard they were quite good, so assumed having an actual
author to do the story might make it pretty decent, but there's just nothing there besides
a little blurb in the manual.
It is a fun game, though, even for someone who doesn't normally play these games, especially
the multiplayer, which is really more like a game of hide and seek than a shooter.
In my first game, I was relieved my teammate, I was revived my teammate only to hear him
tell behind you, I had just enough time to turn around before being sliced down the middle
by a chainsaw.
I think I would recommend most people to try it out unless you really dislike shooters,
but I'll probably be paying Viva Pinata a lot longer than Gears of War.
Keep up the good work, Gryn, without a cat.
I actually agree with the email that Gears of War, I think, is one of those games I think
you definitely should try before you buy, especially if you're not primarily into the
shooter genre.
Be very careful about all this hype behind the game, because it's not for everybody.
Is it a good game?
Yes.
But is it for everybody?
No.
So try before you buy if you're curious.
And a fair warning, no matter if X amount of reviewers say, oh, 10 out of 10, it's ultimately
up to you if you're going to like the game or not, so definitely play a demo.
Don't ever let the hype sell the game.
I know I've personally made that mistake, so I'm giving you advice.
Don't let the hype sell you a game, because it's not always going to be rewarding.
Let's not forget the legend of Daikatana.
MikeW0440 gives a very interesting point.
No demo on live.
So it's kind of like there's no way to really try it out in comparison to a lot of other
big Xbox 360 games.
Kind of interesting that they chose not to do that yet, anyway.
Yeah.
All righty.
Any more emails for this week?
That's it.
And I've just posted up My Little Pony Killer's email in our forum.
Sweet.
If you want to send us more emails, mailbag at orangelaundrader.com is the place to deliver
those lovely little messages.
Excellent.
Well, moving on, talking about the 360.
There's been one cool mod that's come out for your 360 where you can actually add a
VGA AV out on it.
And basically, since the way they did it was because all the cables that come out for the
Xbox 360, as far as AV stuff goes, actually have all the pins for pretty much every video
format you'd possibly want.
So simply re-soldering some of the connectors to a VGA jack caused it to work.
So it's pretty simple.
There is a little how-to on Engadget if you want to know how to do it, and it'll save
you some money that way.
So that's pretty cool.
All right.
Well, earlier during the mailbag, we certainly were talking about controversial methods of
making extra money, but I think we can all agree this is a good thing.
The Entertainment Software Association, also known as the ESA, announced the proceeds from
their 2005 charity game pack.
It was a game pack that consisted of three games, Sony's ATV Off-Road Fury 2, Splashdown
Ride's Gone Wild, and EA's Need for Speed Hot Pursuit 2.
They bundled it all together for $19.99 and donated the proceeds to charity.
They raised $1.5 million for various children's organizations across the U.S.
Good job, ESA.
Good indeed, and also in regards to some charity events going on, there is a bit of rare Zelda
artwork being sold from the old CDI games.
On the Black Moon Project, one of their people, Devon, has created a one-of-a-kind eBay auction
with the original art that inspired these titles.
The auction actually expired today, sadly, Sunday, but had signed artwork, a letter from
the artist, a half a dozen CDI games, and a signed copy of the Retro Gamer issue that
featured the Zelda titles.
The letter from the artist, all it says is, sorry.
Even though the mention of the Zelda CDI games made us verp a little bit, I think for the
Zelda collector, it is the ultimate thing, so it definitely is something I'd want if
I were a crazed Link fan, like some of those people we saw online the other night, crazed
Link fans.
Thank you.
We actually talked about this game a little bit back in September, Rule of Rose, and it's
an interesting game.
It had a little bit of a controversial aspect to it, a little bit of the, you know, young
girl on girl action going on there, but anyways, apparently, Rome's mayor is demanding a band
of Rule of Rose, apparently finds that the erotic themes are too strong, and that there's
no way that a violent video game should be sold and distributed in our country, he says,
so I don't know.
I own that game?
I didn't, to be honest, when I played the game, I didn't see it.
I mean, there was some strange stuff, but I think it just kind of went towards the creepy
vibe of it.
Was there a very subtle Lolita thing going on?
Yeah, it was very subtle, it wasn't like, you know, all of a sudden they just start
making out and like, getting it on, I mean, that's a little much, so.
You know when I was playing it, I didn't play a lot of it, but what I gathered, it's like,
you know when little kids are like, doing stuff that they don't quite understand what
they're doing, they just, that's kind of the vibe I got, and it's not like they're, I mean,
it's really, really subtle, I mean, unless you're looking for it.
The only way this, you know, the only way this is ever going to get bandaged at least.
What it boils down to is that they're all gay.
Yeah.
I'm kidding.
You know what I mean?
The fat chick.
The fat chick was awesome.
Listen, the Pope, he no like either the Rule of Rose, okay, so.
He's not the mayor of Rome.
I don't care, he doesn't like Rule of Rose.
It doesn't matter if he's the mayor of, thank you, Captain Obvious over there in the corner.
The Pope's not the mayor of Rome?
No crap.
No, but he is the god of Rome.
Moving on to a completely different topic, maybe this is something you could drive around
Rome or any other city for that matter, Nintendo recently filed, well, at least back in August,
they filed an in-car gaming system.
It's called a car area network, and what it supposedly does, it beams game information
from the server to the game console.
The wireless network could be between your game server in the trunk and the game console
in the back seat.
It could also possibly download new games and do all those wireless updates like that
whole Wii Connect 24 thing.
The controller looks very similar to what we know as the virtual console classic controller.
Very interesting kind of thing to be marketing.
I hope they just don't promote driving or playing Wii or any of these type of games
while you're in the front seat of your car, because that's not good.
So it sounds like Skymall in your car.
Possibly, because they could probably do this on a plane too.
It would be easy.
I mean, if they patented it for the car, it would be easy to do it on the plane.
If there's anything wireless involved on the plane, then they really can't do it.
It does interfere with the controls.
I was trying to think how they do the satellite TV, maybe they did some type of satellite
thing, because some of the airlines have satellites.
You don't even have car satellite systems.
They got to do something too, because remember the...
How about drive?
Well, what if I have Bratz in the back seat?
Read a book?
Set it is.
I don't know what the DS is for.
Two DSs.
12 gauge, I don't know.
Or ferret.
Sedatives.
Ferret justice.
Ferret.
I don't...
No, no, no.
I don't hate children that much.
I just don't want any.
She loves them.
She wants to squeeze them until they choke.
And the reason I don't want any is for the same reason that I think people who shouldn't
be breeding shouldn't breed.
I am not in a position to take care of one right now, and those people shouldn't have
one either.
So there.
I don't want to buy my morals.
You practice what you preach.
I do.
Good for you.
God damn it, I do.
Do you want a cookie?
No, I want another donut.
I think we have donuts.
No.
I want a powdered donut.
Anyway, speaking of the disappointment though, um, Taiwan got their PS3 shipments on Friday
just like everybody else.
They had less than we got.
They got 500 total for the entire country.
I can top that.
Hong Kong got 200.
Really?
So the Sony store in San Francisco got more than two countries' worth of PS3s because
they got 750.
Well, did they have people lining up in Taiwan like they did here?
It doesn't say.
Oh, that's too bad.
Did they have people pushing each other into flag poles like they did here?
Uh, no, they just probably strung them up from the light post.
I got a question.
How much were they selling for in Hong Kong?
I don't know.
A lot.
It had to have been the comparable amount.
Well, because Megzi told me an interesting story about Starbucks that came over there.
They're selling it for the equivalent of what it would be in America, and people in China
are not that rich.
I mean, one Starbucks coffee is like two weeks of work for most of them, so it's kind of
stupid to give them a system that is overpriced, so maybe that's why they got so little.
I wonder if they screw up coffee orders there.
I worked two weeks for this and you fucked up the order, god damn it!
Anyways, wow.
So as I mentioned in part A, I'm not too happy about component cables coming out late for
the Wii.
And that is the case.
The official cables are not coming out until December 5th.
Quiet, you!
Listen, I hear you sighing over there.
This is an accurate gripe, okay?
So they are not coming out until December 5th and probably later than that, and also
the third-party cables will not be coming out until then either.
So you know what, to be fair, the PlayStation 3 ones, the official ones, are not coming
out either, but you can still use the PlayStation 2 ones on that.
So I just want to point out there's a reason why Loki had to cover this story tonight,
because last night he's like, I should stand in the line at Best Buy just so I can get
component cables.
I'm like, Loki, they're not going to be out until the first week of December.
You said it yourself on the show.
Loki, they're not coming out today.
You had to order them on Nintendo.com.
Loki, Perrin Kaplan didn't know what she was talking about.
Weren't you going to stand out with your Wii in the line for the Wii, saying, I can't wait
until I get one of these?
I thought about that, but then we thought about the fact that someone might jump me
for it, so I figured I'd play it safe.
We also thought about smashing the box, too, but we opted out of that.
My thought was to sit in the middle of the parking lot and put an M80 in it with a remote
detonator and then just watch people run towards it and then blow it up, but apparently that's
dangerous, so we couldn't do that either.
All right, anyway, Take-Two announced over 20 PlayStation 3 games in development.
This is good because folks that are saying PlayStation 3 is very weak right now, like
myself, this is good news for the future of the console because seven titles out of that
20 are coming from Rockstar.
Of course, Take-Two makes some of those games.
Grand Theft Auto IV, of course, one of those big, big titles, already has a date, October
16, 2007 in North America, and then, of course, 2K Sports has given NBA 2K7 and NHL 2K7, various
things across 2K, so good job, Take-Two, on keeping the games coming for the PS3 fans.
We salute you.
Absolutely.
Where are the games for the Wii?
There's already a ton of them on shelves, but we know there's more under development.
Yeah, but 2K doesn't make any of those.
Well, then, shame, shame.
If you're a 2K fan, maybe the Wii's not for you.
Well, continuing on, there actually is a leak out there stating that Gears of War may be
coming out on the PC.
PC Gamer inadvertently announced Gears of War for Windows.
It's on page 28 of the Holiday 2006 issue.
A display stand photographed on a Microsoft campus shows Gears of War among several upcoming
PC games.
Microsoft would not confirm, but they said they didn't really have any current plans
on that.
However, it was around disgusting Windows Vista and the new things supported, so it
could happen.
It should be also noted that I think that was the first issue of their name change,
right?
Aren't they called, like, Games for Windows?
Am I mixing up magazines?
I don't know.
Is it?
No?
Okay.
Interesting.
Interesting little tidbit to be dumping in your new issue of the new magazine.
You think it's for real?
Think it would sell pretty good on PC?
No.
No?
Why not?
Because I don't think many PC games nowadays sell well.
Oh, but a PC gamer who's hardcore into strategy and the turn-based thing.
There's one PC game that's selling right now.
It's called World of Warcraft.
Civ IV?
Black Boy says, by the way, it's Computer Gaming World that is now Games for Windows,
not PC Gamer.
Oh, my bad.
Sorry.
I'm going to be, I'll just be honest, I'm not a huge PC gamer.
I respect PC games, but I'm not huge on them, so I don't follow the magazine scene.
I like Mac games.
I'm playing one right now.
Actually, but the Mac games don't have a magazine, they have a newsletter.
Yeah, well, I cling to my newsletter.
I need it.
No.
I'm just teasing, of course.
I'm just teasing.
All right.
Let's go to you guys and get your thoughts on tonight's program.
Somebody said, ooh?
I said, ooh, because I'm going to call in.
I'm going to call in right now.
No, you're not going to call.
I'm not picking up your call.
All right.
Yeah, you can call in right now.
The number is 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio, so we're
going to head on over to the telephone and take some calls.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Meg Z.
Hi, Meg Z.
Hi, baby.
Hey.
You got through.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Wii.
Have you been playing with your Wii all day long?
I have been playing with my Wii all day long.
Yes.
Have you been stroking it?
Yeah.
What kinds of stuff have you been playing on your Wii?
I only picked up Zelda because of an extreme lack of fundage, but I've also been playing
Wii Sports, like Chris mentioned earlier.
What do you think?
Wii Sports is fun.
It's cute.
It gets old real fast, though, because there's only so many times you can throw a ball or
hit the putter or whatever.
I imagine it's got to get pretty boring if you're just playing it yourself.
Do you have friends that you're having group Wii fests, or have you just been playing yourself?
I'm the only one of my friends who's got a Wii.
I see.
So maybe not a lot of fun with Wii Sports, and there's not a lot of people around.
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, you need to have a Wii orgy, my friend.
I know, right?
Hey, Chris.
Yeah?
Want to come over?
Oh, yeah.
Right now.
I think you guys need to take this conversation off the line, because I know a lot of folks
getting pretty hot about this.
What do you think about PlayStation 3, Megzi?
That didn't sound too promising.
What's wrong with the PS3?
Why no love for the PS3?
Just too expensive?
Too expensive.
Well, I guess for me, personally, none of the games that are supposedly going to come
out for it are out right now.
You know how I feel about Sony in general, so meh.
Hey, Megzi.
Megzi.
What is your favorite color?
Lime green.
Yes.
Wait.
Wait.
It's no good if you answer the question for her.
That's cheating.
No.
That's like Alex Trebek getting up there on Jeopardy and going, you know.
Your favorite color is green.
This is the capital of California.
Sacramento.
Answer.
I don't get it.
All right.
Sorry.
All right.
I know her favorite color.
Megzi, what other Wii game are you most looking forward to outside of Zelda?
Outside of Zelda, it's got to be Brawl.
Ah, Smash Brothers Brawl.
Which character will be the first one you get your hands all over when you open up Brawl?
You know, I am still hoping that they put Geno in there from Mario RPG.
Hell yes.
He would make such a great Super Smash Brothers character.
You know, rumor is Super Mario RPG is on its way to the Virtual Console, so you never know.
We get tired.
I heard that.
I was so excited.
I'll be very hot.
Yeah.
She told me all about it.
Very hot.
All right.
Who are our listeners today?
Hey, Chris.
Chris.
Chris.
What?
We totally owned those army guys down the hall.
Yes, we did.
Blink, blink, blink, blink.
I don't know.
I'll tell you later.
All right.
Tell me later.
Megzi.
Jamie says hi.
Amy.
I've got a microphone.
She heard me.
Oh, yeah, huh?
Megzi.
Oh, yeah, you're a host, huh?
We have our...
We have a Wii-some.
This show is growing a vagina.
I want to be part of the Wii-some.
Rob, you are a vagina.
All right.
No, no, no.
We have like the weird-looking horn-shaped Wii-some.
I have no idea what that is.
All right.
Just look at the map.
Megzi, thanks for calling.
Come back to California, you hear?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Later, babe.
Bye, baby.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Let's go to another phone call.
We'll go to this call right here.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Riella.
I'm in the chat room right now.
Hi, Riella.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I just wanted to share a story because I felt that it was very fitting with all the Wii
stuff going on tonight.
Okay.
What's up?
I have a funny story about how I got my GameCube.
Okay.
I got my GameCube off of Radio Disney.
Yes!
Wow.
How did that happen?
When I was nine years old, I remembered this incredibly clearly.
I was doing some kind of math homework, and I was listening to Radio Disney because I
used to have horrible taste in music, and so they were saying, Hey, you
Oh, be careful.
Chris still listens to Radio Disney, and you're offending her.
Be careful.
Wait, wait.
Hold on.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Riella.
Come on, Chris.
Oh, sorry.
Okay.
Now this show is just turning into a preschool.
Sorry, Riella.
Finish your story.
Don't worry about it.
But anyways, they had this thing called the codeword of the day, where if you remembered
it and you were the seventh caller to Radio Disney with the codeword, you would win something.
And so in November of 2000 or whenever, they were doing this promotion where every day they
were selling either a GameCube or an Xbox.
So I called in, and I was the seventh caller, and I got a GameCube.
Well, go you.
So how does this tie into the whole Wii thing?
Does this just bring back memories?
It was just one of those crazy things where somebody was giving stuff away, and it was
Nintendo-related.
Oh, so like everything we were doing tonight.
Yeah.
Did you enter the contest?
Yeah, I did.
Are you bitter that you didn't win?
I am very bitter.
Well, get over it.
I don't know what else to tell you.
I'm just messing with you.
You can try next time.
There might be something even better next time.
Who knows?
You can win a date with Rob.
Dude, okay, dude, hold on.
Not cool.
If he won the GameCube when he was nine, that makes him like 14 or 15 now at best.
When you're 18.
Okay.
15.
Okay, wait three years.
We'll have the...
Anyway.
We'll wait for you.
Anyway.
Any other appropriate thoughts for our listener, Ryoma?
Yeah, actually, I've been thinking about getting a Wii, and so what I'm going to do is I'm going
to sell my PSP.
You're going to sell your PSP to get a Wii?
Yes.
Huh.
What goods do you have with your PSP?
I have nothing for my PSP.
It's actually almost a brand new PSP because I got it off of a warranty.
You know what?
How much are you selling it for?
I don't know.
However much GameStop takes it for.
Hey, hey, hey.
You know what?
Talk to me online.
Like, when I get back up to Seattle, we might have to talk.
I know you have two people here in studio that might be interested in the sale.
Rob might have sold me on the PSP at Luminous, too, so we'll talk.
Dude, Q Entertainment owes me money.
Oh, look at this.
Chris and John are getting into a bidding war.
This might be good news for you, Ryoma.
I'll sign you down!
Yes!
All right.
Ryoma, maybe you want to post about it on the forums.
All right.
All right.
All right, have a good one, Ryoma.
Thanks for what you're calling.
You, too.
All right, later.
All right, have a good one.
Hitstunna says, don't sell things to GameStop.
Loki says...
You will get kind of jacked.
$1.30 for...
I had a brand new PSP, and I was just curious, because I got one from a work promotion thing
or something, and I was like, okay, well, let me see how much they're going to take
it for.
I think they said like $1.13 or something.
They're basically going to chop the price almost in half.
Ouch.
Well, maybe you can get a better sale, Ryoma, but if nothing else, at least you know they'll
take it.
We got another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who is this?
It's Rama.
What's up, guys?
Hey, girls.
Hey, Rama.
How you doing?
Hey, everyone.
I saw your picture on Joystick today.
Sweet.
You dressed up as Luigi for the Wii launch, didn't you?
Yep.
Yeah.
You know what the caption said on Joystick?
Did you see it?
No, I missed it.
Oh, you'll love this.
It said, here's a Super Mario brother.
Do you know what the funny thing is?
Someone's like, hey, Luigi's not black.
I'm shouting back, hey, Luigi's a Sicilian.
Hey.
I'm Luigi, motherfucker.
You know what?
You're just having fun with it.
Who cares if you're not, oh, my gosh, he has the wrong skin color.
You can't dress up as Barrett your entire life.
I mean, it's not your fault that you're underrepresented in video games.
90% of the roster in NBA Live.
Shut up, John.
I'll just tell people I just came out a little bit overdone.
There you go.
There you go.
Cosplay for the win.
What?
Cosplay for the win.
All right.
So what happened?
You were at the NYC.
Now, what happened?
Because I saw you in pictures for the Toys R Us launch, but you told me you were camped
out at a Nintendo World store.
What happened?
The stores over there were closing, and I was hungry, so I walked up the street to find
some soup, and next thing you know, I'm over by Toys R Us, and I'm getting raped by pictures,
you know?
People are like, Luigi, let me get your picture, let me get your picture.
And people are shouting, where's Mario?
And I'm saying, Mario's over at Nintendo World with two links.
Wow.
Mario was getting his link on.
So did you actually pick up the Wii last night?
No, and I'm really pissed off about that.
Not because of the fact that I didn't get a Wii, it's the fact that people were jumping
the damn line at Nintendo World.
Ouch.
They wanted it so badly.
I mean, I went down there to go with my friends just to have fun.
I've been down there since Friday night, hanging out, having a good time playing the Wii.
Were you originally planning on getting a Wii?
Not really.
Oh, okay.
Because, you know, I'm getting ready to move, so, you know, a friend of mine asked me, come
down, and I'm like, okay, sure.
So you were just going along for, like, moral support?
Yes.
All right, well, that's cool.
Did you meet Reggie?
Did you meet my boss?
No, I did not.
I saw this hair.
He saw the hair?
There he is.
All right.
What?
Oh, do we see a picture of him?
Oh, that's great.
Somebody posted it in the chat there.
What are you doing with that poor woman?
I'm sorry.
Oh, there it is.
It says, folks love this Super Mario brother.
Because you're a brother.
Get it?
Ha, ha, ha.
All right.
Yeah, I know.
It's a great costume.
You know, when we made Dark Soccer, Loki and I had little hats, very similar to the one
he has on in that picture.
Or at least, well, you didn't make them, but you had them made by one of your friends or
something, right?
Yes.
Who made those?
My friend Carrie Wink.
She has a, she runs Wearable Wink, and she does all types of custom hats and cosplay
commissions.
Well, good job to you, Miss Wink.
I applaud you.
Hey, email me your information, I might have a commission for her.
God, I will.
Oh, Rob, you're going to be mad with me.
Why?
I'm going to be on G4 tomorrow.
Shut up on them, traitor.
No.
They asked for me.
I'm like, okay, sure.
I didn't know until after the fact.
Were you, did you pimp our show?
Did you have a button on?
No.
I had nothing.
I was caught on right there.
No, no, no.
Don't, don't.
No.
Rama, it's fine.
Do we really want that crowd?
I mean, people that are still watching G4.
Exactly.
Do you really want them listening?
Do you want those pompous asses listening to you guys?
No.
So, Rama, enjoy your 15 minutes.
I always do.
Tick tock, tick tock.
Clock's ticking.
But here's the thing, though.
I wake up getting ready to, you know, line up to get the wheeze.
I turn around.
There's like a hundred people that jump on because they have everybody lining up up against
the street.
Didn't they have cops?
Didn't they have the NYPD out there?
Yeah.
But cops didn't do nothing.
I mean.
They should have had the LAPD.
They would have taught him a lesson.
And then one of the guys on the line starts screaming, what the hell are you doing?
I turn around.
The guy that's number six had about three, four people jump in front of him.
And I'm like, what the hell, dude?
He's like, oh, we're changing shifts.
And I'm like, dude, I saw you here since Friday night.
Nobody was changing.
I want to say I saw some video on, like, Destructoid where they actually filmed people saying they
were right in the front line saying, those people right in front of us cut in front of
us.
It was crazy.
That's exactly what happened.
Rama, I got to end this call.
Any other final thoughts for us?
Fuck you, Sony.
All right.
Have a good one, Rama.
All right.
Don't hold back.
We have very, very angry people against Sony here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, let's see.
Maybe our next caller might have some good things to say about Sony.
Who knows?
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Like, I'd have good things to say about Sony.
Who is this?
This is Miklotov.
Oh, Miklotov, our old buddy.
I still have your wee Miklotov.
Mr. Miklotov.
You didn't come up here this weekend to meet DMN.
Well, it's not my fault that the hot guy at work asked for overtime this week, so I had
to oblige him.
I hope one of your co-workers plays this for him.
I hope whatever you got from seeing him toppled your desk over.
Can you tell us his name on air?
No, I'm not going to, sorry.
But we all know now, see, if you work with Miklotov, you know that he has a crush on
one of his co-workers.
No, I'll stop giving you a hard time.
What's on your mind?
I just wanted to say how amazing the wee is and how much I'm big in Zelda.
You are loving the wee in Zelda?
What's so great about Zelda in your mind?
I just got to the part, and this won't spoil too much, but I got to the part where you
go into the Twilight World for the first time, and I was like, holy crap, it's amazing.
Even without component cables?
Yeah, it looks okay without component cables.
I will be picking them up once they come in, but yeah, I can make do with this for another
month.
It's still beautiful.
What else did you pick up besides Zelda?
Anything?
Oh, I got some wee points, and I picked up Solomon's Key, is that what it was?
Oh yeah, Solomon's Key, yeah.
Yeah, that's the coolest game ever.
I forgot how awesome that was.
It is awesome, but it's not as awesome as SimCity, which I'm going to be picking up
very soon, hopefully.
You know what?
As soon as I get a wee classic controller, I will be picking up SimCity, because that's
actually the one I'm looking forward to the most.
Very cool.
We'll lend you a GameCube controller.
Yeah, I don't have a regular GameCube controller, though.
Well, isn't that nice of Jamie to offer?
That's good.
Because I have like 50 of them.
She's offering to borrow a GameCube controller.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
Well, now you have a reason to come up again.
Yeah, well, I always have a reason.
Anything that came in, I'll beat all the Silent Oaks for you if you just pick a day, Jamie.
Shane says he'll be all the Silent Hills for you if you just pick a day.
Okay.
Tomorrow.
Thanksgiving.
I'll be up for Thanksgiving anyway, so I'm going to be gone.
I'm going to be gone during the next show.
Do you want to have Thanksgiving with us?
Well, I'm actually going to go have it with X to First Family, because his mom invited
me.
How about that weekend?
That weekend?
Totally.
Okay.
Four-day weekend.
I'm going to be gone during the GameCube controller.
Not cool.
I'm going to be gone all next weekend.
I'm going to Magic Mountain before they close.
And you can play it on my TV.
Cool.
All right.
Well, I do want to throw one other thing in real quick, Rob, if I could.
Yes, yes.
Okay.
I'd like to say that GameStop and EB are the worst companies ever now.
Why?
What happened?
They lost my pre-order for Monkey Ball and Final Fantasy III.
And they promised me classic controllers today, and they did not deliver.
And I'm sick of going in there and pushing me to pre-order something just because I walked
in the store.
And they sell everything five dollars higher.
So they didn't suck it, and I hate them.
Do I have an offer for you?
We have one slightly used copy of Super Monkey Ball that is just gathering dust.
Yeah, okay.
To be GameStop's defense, it's really not their fault that they...
I don't know about the lost reserves, but if they don't get the stuff in when Sony tells
them or whatever they tell them they're going to get in, it's not their fault.
I don't totally blame them for that, but it's just...
You put up with so much from them, and then you're like, okay, that's just...
I know, but for someone who's dating someone who works at GameStop who constantly gets
harassed, it's like somebody comes and it's like, why don't you have this?
Why don't you have this?
And she's like, I don't know.
They didn't send it to us.
Well, it's not her fault.
There's a management or district...
It's just like how it changes from store to store.
And GameStop is only as good as the employees that work inside of it.
It's not blame the employees, it's blame the company.
I no longer have any respect at all for GameStop upper management.
So they can all bite my ass.
The employees are awesome.
Upper management needs to die in a burning fire.
Left cheek or right cheek?
All right, wow.
Harsh words.
Both.
With the flaming corn cob stuff up it.
Wait, what?
Meikle Top, what?
Everybody go by Sneaking, because Sneaking is the best.
All right, now Meikle Top, we're going to line right now.
Seriously, I would be willing to sell you my copy of Super Monkey Ball Cheap.
This show is not for you to hawk your canes on.
Okay, well, I'll talk to you when you come up next weekend.
Talk about it later, Shane.
I got to go.
Okay.
All right, bye.
Fine, whatever.
I got to play Zelda.
Bye.
Bye.
I'll send you a message.
Yeah, send him a Wii mail.
Exactly.
That's what somebody on LiveJournal said today was Wii mail.
Hey, I'll tell you what.
You friend me on the Wii console thing, because we do have a thread going on in the OLR army
forum.
If you do friend me, I will send you a bunch of memes.
Oh, snap.
Oh, well, here we go.
Here's another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lodge Radio.
Who's this?
Obviously, the one and only Legend of Zaku.
Obviously.
Now, you're in New York City, too.
Are you in the midst of all that Toys R Us hype and all that crap?
I stayed home.
That's all I have to say.
You stayed home?
Why?
Are you poor, or you just didn't want to deal with it?
No.
No, I didn't want to deal with it.
I've already seen the massive lines with the PS3 around my way.
I'd just rather just take a break from it.
Yeah, but those were quote, unquote, business people.
Oh, yeah.
The greed monsters?
Oh, yeah.
What possessed you to call in tonight, Zaku?
You know that MTV had this little TRL thing, which wasn't even a whole segment, more like
30 seconds of just stopping on a soft pad.
I'd read the article on DDR Freak that it was going to be on MTV, because I think I
teased it a little bit, saying something to the effect of, well, if DDR hasn't jumped
the shark already, something to that effect, but I don't watch crap, so I didn't watch
Total Request Live.
So what happened, for those of you that didn't see it?
Good thing you didn't.
They made him play Fallout Boy, and they only showed it for 30 seconds, and from what I
hear from one of the persons that actually did the thing, he told me that they had to
play on soft pads.
And let me guess, it's all up on YouTube already?
No YouTube link, as far as I know, and it's a good thing, because it's just not worth
it.
But on the flip side, it might draw more people into DDR, because if they see Fallout Boy
on the dance pad, they'll drive into it.
I don't know, it's basically, some of us might not like it, but I think we're not the target
of it.
The last kind of people I ever want to be involved or playing with DDR are MTV fangirls,
thank you.
All right.
But think about it, you can't-
There's no need to think about it.
You don't have to-
Look-
I got a real quick question, Zaku, for you, because we've got to wrap it up, because we've
got to start ending this show, because we're running super long tonight, but how do you
feel about DDR's portrayal in the media today?
Overall?
I mean, it really depends.
Some of it might be stereotypical, but on the other hand, there's not really that much
of another side to it, an alternative side, like regular hardcore players who not only
play the game, but also live lives and make friends out of the thing.
DDR is not just about arrow stomping, it's about, in certain communities, you meet people
and you make good and long friendships out of it.
I was going to say one other thing real quick.
Whatever happened to La Maschine del Bailar, or whatever that thing was, the Spanish movie
about DDR?
That just randomly crossed my mind.
What ever happened to that?
I downloaded it.
I actually seen the movie, but I didn't hear about it.
What I heard is they didn't even, I don't know, I wouldn't say they bastardized it,
but from what I hear, they only played, like the demo mode is just about, the whole story
was revolving about just winning this competition.
Would you say that La Maschine del Bailar is to DDR what Good Burger is to fast food
restaurants?
I would say it's more like you got served.
All right, fair enough.
All right, Zaku, we got to let you go.
Have a good one, buddy.
All right.
Have fun.
Peace out.
Bye.
I love our colors.
You guys are funny, but no more time tonight, I'm sorry to say.
So sorry to those of you guys that didn't get through.
We're getting kind of hammered tonight, so sorry kids, I'll try again next week.
Late last minute stories here in studio.
Last minute stories.
Last call for alcohol.
I've got some quick ones.
I'll make them very, very quick.
Anyways, first off, I'd like to start by seeing, there's this one post on GoNintendo.com, they
actually have a picture of Adam Sessler from G4's X-Play waiting in line for a Wii, because
apparently his company did not hook him up.
I just thought it was funny.
To his credit, because when those shows get poopy, I don't blame the faces that you see
on the TV.
No, it's not at all.
But could it have been that he just wanted to go out there and meet some people like
we did?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Anyways, so of course, amongst all the chaos that was happening for the PlayStation 3,
the Boston mayor, Thomas, looks like a Molino, is going to charge Sony for the police manpower
that it took to bring this whole chaotic situation to order, so I thought that was kind of funny.
Wii Play has been confirmed to be coming to the U.S. in January, according to Reggie,
and that's that one with the fun little tech demos from E3 and bundled with a controller
for $49.99, so that's pretty cool.
And then, some other things, Call of Duty 3 and Tony Hawk's Project 8 for the Xbox 360,
apparently aren't 720p when they say they are, and the resolution's a little bit less
than that, which I think is kind of interesting, kind of getting gipped there.
Let's see, Killzone 2 is going to be shown at E3 this year, or next year I should say.
Not a big surprise there.
EA actually was interviewed by Major Nelson, one of the guys from EA, about their microtransaction
policy, and it says there are places where cheat codes are free, but those are on websites,
and those websites are making money by selling advertising.
They'll still be a healthy business around hint guides, magazines, and websites.
I just look at the marketplace as yet another extension of ways in which consumers are going
to be able to access content they want.
To be honest though, I think that's still stupid, dumb excuse.
Let's see here, Ken Kutaragi said that he wants to release a multi-terabyte network
storage system for the Playstation 3, and he's crazy.
CompUSA apparently had a deal going where if you buy a 40 inch HDTV, you get the reserve
of PS3, which is kind of ridiculous.
Let's see, oh the Playstation 3, this was the best one I read this week.
Apparently if you do not have, or if you do have HDMI cables, or not HDMI, if you have
an older TV that does not support 720p, it will not upscale the game to 1080i, instead
will downscale it to 480p, which I thought was very interesting, so if you have just
a slightly older HDTV, you're going to get fucked on some of these upcoming games for
the Playstation 3.
And by the way, the HDMI for the Playstation 3 doesn't like some TVs as well, which is
interesting.
And then finally, a couple last ones here, Sony's vice president of marketing was talking
about the crying babies commercial that they have for the Playstation 3, and basically
saying it's like a Rorschach test, whatever you think about the commercials, which you
think about the Playstation 3, so I guess my take on the Playstation 3 would be I don't
get it, and it's slightly creepy.
Also apparently glass tables interfere with the Wii, which makes sense, I've noticed that
with my Wii, the pointer kind of bounces around a little bit.
I can see that, I can see that.
And then finally, the last one, did you say that on the last one?
Forget it, forget it.
Shut up.
Okay, this is the very last one.
Apparently in one of the Wii lines for Toys R Us, in New York actually, there was some
in-line entertainment, some debauchery as you would put it.
Apparently a nearby apartment had a few young girls that had taken upon themselves to entertain
their line.
Oh god.
This is, according to some, it was quite enjoyable, but when one of them flashed the crowd, young
girls became apparently underaged girls, and somebody called the cops.
They were looking forward to Paris Hilton's Jewel Jam on the PS3 apparently, or whatever
F that game is that nobody cares about by Paris Hilton.
Alrighty, anything else?
Anyone?
Anyone?
Wow.
DMN.
Yes, DMN?
I motion to adjourn.
Alright.
I agree.
I think it's time to wrap up the show.
We've been running very long tonight, so thanks of course to all you guys who download us
in the audio archive and listen to us live as well and supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome.
We love you very much.
Mwah, mwah.
And thanks of course to our guests, DMN, thank you very much for being here all the way to
Seattle.
Again, thank you for having me.
I had a great time.
Chris, thank you for being here, and of course, thanks again for whoring out Orange Lodge
Radio the way you did last night.
Oh, no problem.
I enjoyed it.
Thanks for having me on.
No problem.
Thanks to my fellow co-hosts as always, it's time to go around and get everybody's final
thought.
We'll start with our guests.
DMN, your final thought.
I'm hungry.
Chris, your final thought.
I'm not hungry.
I just had a donut.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
Getting a migraine towards the end of the show is not good.
My final thought is I have way too much leftover orange soda.
Cry.
I don't want any more orange soda.
I've already had four cans of it, and that's more orange soda.
All right, thanks once again everybody for tuning in to us and supporting us.
You guys rock.
Oh, next week on Orange Lodge Radio, I do not believe we're going to be live.
Did we already talk about that?
I'm not sure.
We're not going to be live during the holiday.
Yeah, we're not going to be live during the holiday.
Are we pre-taping?
I don't know.
We have to talk about that.
Yeah.
There'll be a pre-taping at some point.
You can go to our website, orangelodgeradio.com.
So sorry to our live listeners, but it is kind of a holiday weekend.
Some of us are going out of town.
And rejects false icons.
Thank you.
And yeah, have a great turkey day for those of you guys in the U.S. that celebrate that.
And certainly, we here at OLR are thankful for just you guys that support us and have
been spreading the word about our little program.
Like we said at the top of the show, we don't get paid for this yet.
We don't really get a whole lot of reward except for the fact that we get to meet other
geeks in the process, and it's pretty rad to know that we're not alone in our hardcoreness
for games.
So that being said, hmm.
Nothing.
Oh, okay.
That being said, have a great week.
We'll see you next time on OLR.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
