Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are here on this lovely Sunday evening, January 28, 2007 for more of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We're going to get into Part B. My throat is feeling a little bit better, but I'm going
to step out of the room for just a second to get some coffee out of my Hello Kitty coffee
maker.
For those who didn't listen to Part A, my throat is kind of bad tonight.
So I'm going to go get some more hot stuff to drink.
And can you guys take care of some gaming news for a minute?
Why not?
I would really appreciate that.
All right.
Anyways, so starting things off, this week Microsoft had announced their earnings for
their quarter.
And of course, the profits were down, but at least the 360 revenues were up.
Well, unfortunately Microsoft went back and revised their earnings statements, basically
saying that their expected 360 shipments for 2007 and spring, they reduced it down from
$13 million, $15 million to $12 million.
This is due to unsold inventories in stores.
So basically, you know that big tower of 360s that you see in your Best Buys and your Game
Stops.
Well, because of that, they are dropping their shipments amount because who needs to ship
more units if there's tons in the stores.
Anyways, and because of that, all these stocks from other companies have dropped a little
bit as well because of that news.
So it's not a big surprise.
I mean, the PlayStation 3 is kind of in the same boat right now where they have a ton
of units in stores and no one's really buying them because there's not a lot of games out
right now or it's too expensive.
Either way, one of the analysts, PJ McNeely, said, video game publishers will be under
pressure today after Microsoft cuts its life-to-date shipment.
There is investor concern about reset of expectations around both the Xbox 360 and Sony PlayStation
3.
So, pretty much, I guess they're playing it safe.
I missed all that.
Could you repeat it?
No.
It's basically Microsoft shipping or they're reducing their amount of shipments that they're
going to be...
No, I heard Microsoft's goal went down a little bit and I can see the impact that's having
on things as a whole.
It's only down to being a few million, I guess.
That's kind of bad, but they just have to sell the units that they have right now and
trust me, those units will be gone once Halo 3 comes out.
Even maybe Crackdown.
I mean, Crackdown might sell a few.
I don't know about selling units for beta, but it couldn't hurt, I guess.
This is a report coming from QJ.net speaking of the Xbox 360.
This is a little bit of a hack.
You can use this at your own risk, but apparently, a hack has been released, the HDD Hacker,
that will allow you to use your own hard drive with the Xbox 360.
Now, keep in mind there are some limitations.
You can only really use a Western Digital BEVS series and only a 20 gigabyte hard drive,
but keep in mind if you do it that way, a 20 gigabyte hard drive through Western Digital
is going to be a hell of a lot cheaper than a regular Xbox 360 hard drive through Microsoft.
The site goes on to say that once bigger Microsoft certified hard drives come out, then you'll
be able to use those with the tool, but I'm thinking, no, you won't.
Microsoft is very good about patching this shit as soon as they find it, and I bet you
by this time next week, we'll see a patch roll out on live that will prevent this.
The next patch that goes out on live will shut this thing out.
No, I don't think so.
Why is that?
The reason why this does is actually there's information on the hard drive sector that's
the same on all the hard drives because they have to be universal since they're working
with all these different systems.
It's basically some sort of identified device type of thing that's stored in one sector
so all they do is basically mimic that on this hard drive so all it thinks is that it's
a legit hard drive so there would be no way to patch this because it's a peripheral.
It would be like if I took a controller for the 360 and I made it look like that's an
official Microsoft controller.
There's no way for it to tell between whether this is real or not.
You follow the hack stuff more than I do so I'll take your word for it, but this just
seems like the kind of thing that Microsoft's usually all over, but I'll take your word
for it.
It's not like modifying firmware or anything like that so I think that they wouldn't be
able to patch this.
We'll see what happens.
Going into things that have not quite yet having to do with the Xbox 360, let me just
rephrase this.
You're all familiar with the Unreal Engine, right?
Sure.
There's been some good games coming out of that.
Well guess who's just licensed it?
It's been licensed by Squeenix.
Really?
Yep.
There's basically a statement put out by the general manager of R&D at Square Enix that's
Taku Murata, saying that it will speed up the creation process and allow developers
to spend less time working on the technology.
To quote, the complexity of next generation game systems featuring HD graphics and multi-core
parallel processing poses a number of technological challenges to our game development, however
we can expedite our game development process significantly while allowing extra time and
resources to be spent on game design and mechanics.
So does this mean we're going to be killing slimes in 3D, as somebody in chat said?
Maybe.
I like this thought.
DrewNami says, Kingdom Hearts 3 using the Unreal Engine.
Wouldn't that be hot?
I have a boner just thinking about it.
Just kidding, just kidding.
But still, that's pretty exciting.
The Unreal Engine's pretty good.
There's actually a little bit more information regarding the Unreal Tournament itself.
Unreal Tournament 2007 is now renamed as Unreal Tournament 3 and is going to be on Xbox 360.
It was confirmed at Midway's Gamers' Day in Las Vegas.
It's going to be developed with the PC and PS3 versions.
It has release later on this year.
I don't know.
It's Unreal.
You know one thing I do like about Unreal?
I haven't played a whole lot of it, but one thing I did play it on the original Xbox because
I bought it when it was like 20 bucks.
It's fucking fast.
It is like one of the fastest shooters I've ever played.
It's amazingly fast.
I like it.
Even just the first Unreal Tournament was crazy.
That was a game that gave me some freaking motion sickness right there.
Yeah, I was going to say, you probably are not having much fun with those games with
how fast they move.
There's also a little bit more as far as, not necessarily just the graphics, but different
multiplayer modes.
There is a voice-controlled AI and player-controlled vehicles.
There's also a conquest mode that will be a battle for eight teams on a map that's three
times the size of the deathmatch and onslaught maps.
Speaking about Square Enix here, NCSX has reported that Square Enix is going to be producing
a collection of replica weapons called the Square Enix Master Arms Collection.
It's basically going to be some of the weapons from the Final Fantasy series and Keyblade
from Kingdom Hearts.
Unfortunately, they are not going to be full-sized, so don't get your hopes up there, but they're
going to range from 15 centimeters for, like, Cerberus to 26 centimeters for Sephora's
Gunblade.
So, right now there's four different blades to choose from.
Let's see, Cerberus, which I believe, I can't remember which Final Fantasy that was from.
The Keyblade, of course, from Kingdom Hearts, Squall's Gunblade, from eight, and Sephora's
Gunblade from eight as well.
But they look kind of cool.
Of course, though, the prices aren't too expensive right now, only, well, they're $39 for each
one.
Awesome.
I just wish they had full-sized ones, of course, then people might kill each other and who
would want that?
Yeah, that would hurt.
This sounds like something you'd have in your house, Dark Sakura.
Maybe.
I have school to pay for.
Alright.
Well, speaking about Square Enix, you know, of course, Final Fantasy is a big game that's
going to be coming out on PlayStation 3, and, you know, when PlayStation 3 came out, a lot
of folks were using Final Fantasy XII, a PlayStation 2 game, on their PlayStation 3.
But there were some problems, and that would be the way the game looked, because they looked
uglier.
Remember, we talked about this on the show a while back.
Yeah.
There was a YouTube video that showed, like, the side-by-side comparisons.
Well, guess what?
There's an upcoming firmware update that is going to include a patch that we fixed.
It's already up.
Oh, did it already go up?
It already went up.
I don't have a PlayStation 3, so I don't know.
Yeah.
But apparently it went up, and they did this whole little change there, is that the PlayStation
1 and 2 games now will run right, and they'll look fine.
And now you can also, they also did some other little things, like you can set an image photo
for a user ID, and da-da-da, all this other little minor crap, Korean keyboards and stuff
you can use now.
You know, it's weird though, and you know on your PSP how during the months it'll change
colors in the background?
Well, the PS3 backgrounds will slowly fade from one color to another as time goes on
through the month.
It might start off black, and now it's yellow.
It's kind of weird.
Ew, yellow?
Yeah.
Not my favorite color.
Well, I actually know yellow is associated with aggression, so it's not my favorite either.
But there's actually though a little bit more news coming out regarding an animated Castlevania
3 movie, or yeah, the Dracula's Curse movie.
They're basically looking, they're still in the early stages of their production.
They're working on the visual development side of everything.
So it's through February, it's going to be mostly character creature design.
They need background designers, background painters.
They're actually looking for artists to work with that, so they actually have opened up
positions in Southern California.
If you actually want to submit your portfolio to them, you can actually email Belmont at
Castlevania Dracula's Curse dot com.
I think that's pretty cool.
They're looking for artists.
Give us some work.
I like to see that when it comes out.
Well, unfortunately, there have been some other bad vampire movies, including Blood
Rain, which is up for six Razzies.
It's received nominations for Worst Picture, Worst Actress, Worst Supporting Actor, Worst
Supporting Actress, Worst Director, and Worst Screenplay.
So that's, I guess, good news if you really hate Blood Rain.
Although if you do hate Blood Rain, you would probably be disappointed to know that he's
playing a sequel, and it's, I think, already in production, so that kind of sucks.
One other movie that he has coming out, though, pretty soon is going to be Postal, and IGN
had some news from that, actually, talking about some of the things that are going to
be offending people, including such wonderful things as full frontal nudity from news radios
Dave Foley.
Apparently, he's going to be playing some crazy cult leader.
And there's one scene...
Hooray.
I mean, I realize you guys know I'm gay and all, but I'm not thrilled to hear about that.
I mean, he's kind of old.
Anyways, Dave Foley's character in the production is called Uncle Dave, and is a twisted cult
leader who uses his religious doctrine to keep his subjects in a constant state of servitude,
and he exploits this by luring them into orgies at their debauchery, and says in the scenes
that they saw, Foley was dressed in an open robe, and they mean open, wandering around
the room, barking orders, and at the end of the scene, he takes a crap on camera.
Yeah, that's the kind of movie...
What?!
The other fun stuff about this movie, though...
Oh my God, talk about your career going downhill after, you know, news radio going off the
field, that's got to be made up.
Other stuff that they have in the movie, it says there's stuff about 9-11, they actually
make fun of 9-11, they make fun of school shootings, including, I guess there was one
scene that says an ultra-violent shocking image of an overhead shot of bloody children
laying in a schoolyard, and apparently, Bin Laden's one of the main characters in this,
so...
This sounds like the dumbest fucking thing in the world, I mean seriously, I mean there's
a difference between, like, you know, parody that's somewhat amusing, and this just sounds
like stupid after stupid after stupid.
Yeah, so, it should be interesting, I guess.
Okay, interesting's a good word to define, I suppose.
I'll see it, though.
I will definitely go see it.
Oh, God.
Have fun.
By yourself.
Unless you can talk Nellie into going.
All right, well, one thing we didn't go over in part A were the release dates, even though
Loki gave us some exclusives, we didn't talk about what's coming out this week, so I want
to start it off talking about Japanese release dates, of which, honestly, folks, there's
not a whole lot.
January was a dry month for us over here in the US, and February, at least the beginning
part of it, looks to be a bit slow over there in Japan.
We do have J-League Pro Soccer Club Otsukoru 5 coming out on February 1st.
So zero shikikan josentai ni, which is best hits from Taito, and I'm not sure if that's
a game that's actually out over here, looks like some type of old school B-52 type bomber
game.
I don't think this is a game they have over here.
Twin Cobra?
I don't think so.
I don't remember.
What's the word at the time?
Shikikan josentai ni.
Ah, whatever.
It's just the best hits anyway.
It's already out.
It's just going in to be a little bit cheaper, and let's see, what do we have over on the
Nintendo DS?
We do have a couple things coming out on the DS.
We have Monster House, which I suppose is a release a lot of folks are looking forward
to, as well as Bokujo Monogatari Kimi to Sodatsu Shima coming out for Marvelous Entertainment
as well over there in Japan.
And that's really about all there is to note.
Oh, I'm sorry, there actually is an Ys game coming out on the Sony PSP.
I guess that's certainly notable.
I love Ys.
The game is called Nappishitom no Hako, and it has a special edition coming out on February
1st.
Ooh.
Well, for our UK release dates, in February we have coming out on the first Warpath for
PC.
On the second, we have Arthur and the Invisibles for PS2, DS, PC, Game Boy Advance, Contact
on DS, also Dungeon Siege Throne of Agony on PSP, Europa Universalis III on PC, Ghost
Rider on Xbox, NFL Street 3 going to be on PSP and PlayStation 2, Sega Genesis Collection
on PS2, PSP, and on the fifth, Galactic Civilizations 2, but that's coming out later.
Anyways, for the US, there's a couple of few good things coming out this week.
The big one, of course, being Rogue Galaxy on PlayStation 2.
Brand new RPG by Level 5, you may remember Dragon Quest VIII.
Awesome game.
Reviewed pretty good from what I've seen.
Civil Stations Midway is coming on PC and Xbox 360, a pretty good World War II kind
of aerial and naval combat game.
On the PC, Vanguard Saga of Heroes, and let's see here, Sonic the Hedgehog on PlayStation
3, Fusion Frenzy 2 on Xbox 360, City Life World Edition on the PC, and Monopoly Here
and Now on the PC.
That's about it for this week, at least.
All right, well, I wanted to mention this, and this is a little bit embarrassing because
the...
Oh, no, there it is.
Good, we got it.
The link wasn't working previously.
For some reason, I was trying to hit Blizzard Entertainment to look at this press release
that talks about World of Warcraft, The Burning Crusade.
Of course, you know that that game just came out earlier this month.
Well, get this.
It sold 2.4 million copies in the first 24 hours.
It was released simultaneously in North America, Europe, Singapore, Thailand, and Malaysia,
and then January 17th, Australia and New Zealand just the day after, which actually would,
because they're on the other side of the day line, but never mind.
Regardless, it came out, it sold 2.4 million copies in 24 hours.
That's pretty impressive and certainly shattered any existing PC game records that were already
out there.
So, lots of World of Warcraft addicts out there in the world, apparently.
People that were buying two or three for their families.
Are they ignoring their babies?
I don't know.
For those that only listen to us during the podcast, we have a bonus segment we do here
live that only live listeners, whether it be on All Games or Orange Wells Radio can
listen to.
Tonight, we spent like 30 minutes talking about World of Warcraft addiction, thanks
to a Tyra Banks show clip.
So that's what Jamie's making reference to.
Interesting.
Let me read a quick quote here from the co-founder of Blizzard Entertainment, Mike Morhaime.
The Burning Crusade has already exceeded even our most ambitious expectations.
We're pleased that so many players are eager to see all of the new content that the expansion
has to offer, and we look forward to seeing everyone online as additional players continue
to upgrade in the days ahead.
I still have not bought the expansion.
I won't be buying it until I hit level 40.
That's what I promised myself.
Well, there are, I think, other MMOs that might be pulling people's addiction.
There's a Lord of the Rings MMO actually has a date.
It will be launching, it's a Lord of the Rings Shadow of Angmar to be released in Europe
on the 24th of April, according to Codemasters.
The price of it actually is going to be a special pre-order rate for $99.99 that has
a lifetime membership instead of a subscription fee.
So you can either do that or pay £5.99 a month for a six month package.
But the advantage of pre-ordering it gives you early access to the game for ten days.
You can use a pre-launch character in the full game, so basically whatever you make
during this little beta is yours to hold onto.
You get a unique in-game bonus item, six Lord of the Rings online stickers, and a special
window sticker.
It seems kind of interesting.
I don't know, there's so many MMOs out there really.
Well, I'm reading some comments from chat on the previous MMO story we talked about.
Joshi16 says, Blizzard rep translation.
Money money money money, which is kind of true.
DrewNami our resident World of Warcraft addict says, I'm a rogue, I do it from behind.
Is that like on a t-shirt or something?
Yeah, that's disgusting.
And Brad from PodCulture says, I'm waiting for the Firefly MMO.
Amen!
Also, though, just to let you know, I'm on the US site for this Lord of the Rings game.
For the pre-order special that they're having on that one, when you pre-order it, you have
$199 for the lifetime thing, or $9.99 monthly.
Early access, you keep your launch care, it's the same thing really.
You get an enchanted cloak of regeneration and a ring of agility.
I had to read some of these other interesting comments.
SSJ100Matt says, dear Blizzard, since you have all this money, you wouldn't mind putting
Starcraft on DS, would you?
And Michael Doi is going to make a fan with Jamie here saying, I want a Doctor Who MMO.
Hell yeah!
I saw that coming.
I might send it for the beta for this, though.
Anyways, so before Doctor Who MMO, you're going to see something else coming from BBC.
That would be CBBC, their kid's property.
They're going to be creating an MMO based on that called CBBC World.
It's going to be aimed at kids ages 7 to 12, and it's going to kind of just be your online
MMO for kids, just like Toontown Disney thing over here.
It's going to have a bunch of custom avatars, minigames, music videos, completely lame for
anybody over the age of 12, but Jamie will still be signed up to play.
No, it's going to be like Gaia Online or something, which I quit in a day because it was boring.
You'll still play it because if it's BBC related, it might remotely have a Doctor Who
reference in it, and you'll be like...
If someone tells me for sure there's a Doctor Who reference, I'll sign up.
It'll be funny.
I only want our UK listeners to tell me.
Alright, fine.
I was going to say, in a completely unrelated note that doesn't even have to do with video
games, but I think it's kind of funny regarding the BBC, I read on some reality TV news site.
Don't ask me what I was doing reading it, but I was, that the BBC is doing a Harry Potter
reality show.
It's not called Harry Potter, but they're sending kids to Magic School, and it's going
to be like a reality show for kids in Magic School, and they actually have to do magic
tricks.
Do you mean Devil School?
No, it's Magic School.
You mean Devil School?
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
I see what you did there.
But no, it sounds really cheesy.
But I hope they bring the show over to America, because it would be a hoot.
Magic School.
Because they get a lot of shows from Britain over here, and it should be hosted by David
Copperfield, because he's washed up anyway.
What the hell ever happened to David Copperfield?
He just disappeared.
He just made himself disappear.
Well, one game that disappeared but made a hell of a comeback, moving into some non-MMO
PC gaming news, Sam and Max.
They were gone for a long, long time, and then they came back.
They're getting new life thanks to GameTap and some of the other distribution methods
they're doing.
Episode one, Culture Shock for Sam and Max, came out in October of 2006.
Episode two came out December of 2006, and now episode three just came out on GameTap
just this past week.
It's titled The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball.
It's going to be the third part of a six-part series.
From what I understand, I have yet to play these games myself.
I really need to.
I have a GameTap subscription.
I need to put down the wow and get into these games.
From what I understand, none of these episodes are really long.
Maybe you'll play them for four hours, depending on how much you play.
If you have to explore, if you look at Cranny or not.
It sounds kind of interesting.
You often hear about these episodic gaming, but they kind of produce one or two episodes
and then that's it.
It's kind of nice to see Sam and Max keep going at it and being very successful.
I've heard nothing but raves about the game, so I promise you I will play Sam and Max at
least part one, maybe all the way through part three, depending on how I enjoy it, before
the month's over, which doesn't give me much time.
Hopefully the series will run a little longer than the cartoon series that they had.
You can see the cartoon series on GameTap, for whatever it's worth.
Well, for our PC gamers, there's a bit of sad news.
Age of Conan has been delayed even longer.
It will be out in October, it actually will ship October 30th.
Xbox 360 version is going to be in 2008, so it'll be after that.
It looks interesting.
It looks pretty, I guess.
But you know, I think that our PC fans that have been looking forward to this, I feel
sorry that you have to wait any longer, but...
Just it doesn't look like your cup of tea, particularly.
No.
Bring on the BBC chibi game.
Hell no!
I...
I'm just messing with you.
What?
Playing Guild Wars.
Heart.
Guild Wars is pretty... are you actually playing Guild Wars?
I'll go back to Guild Wars and play one more.
If that thing hasn't expired, then yeah.
You should come play WoW with us.
Come play WoW.
Pay for my account, okay?
No.
I don't have money.
Maybe for your birthday I'll get you a card, so you can come play WoW with us.
Okay.
I'll get you a Blizzard card.
You know what they need to do?
What?
They need to have porn tycoon, because that would be the greatest game to like, you know,
run your porn, you know...
What the fuck did that have to do with anything we were just talking about?
I saw an ad for a tycoon game and I was thinking PC stuff.
I think that'd be awesome.
There could be some major money made there.
And then just come out on the DS.
Any more curveballs you want to throw at us?
Well if, you know, you're not into porn tycoon or, you know, Age of Conan, you might be interested
in Ghost Recon Advance of Warfighter 2 for the PC.
It's going to be coming out day and date with the Xbox 360 version, which is March 9th.
It's going to feature some more multiplayer stuff as well as up to 32 players online,
and more game modes, including the, you know, standard deathmatch co-op and stuff.
Plus it's just going to have a whole new storyline.
Be honest, the game looked originally kind of like the first one a lot, but, you know,
the storyline sounds pretty interesting.
Almost like they're going to do, I want to say there's like, Mexicans invading Texas
or something, and some sort of, like, they have to stave off some civil war over Mexico
and stuff.
I don't know, it was a fun game the first time around.
I cheated the whole way through it, by the way.
Surprise.
It was fun, though.
Infinite grenade launchers are awesome.
See, I knew you and your random porn tycoon outburst would stir chat.
Oh, going on in our chat room.
The Rob D. says, Loki just had his, what if it snowed in San Francisco moment?
Mechlar says, porn tycoon, first off, build a fluffer room.
Because the fluffers aren't an important part of pornography.
And then Dark Tetsuya says, I thought they made that.
It was called Playboy Mansion.
No, Playboy Mansion was lame.
How would you improve on Playboy Mansion for porn tycoon?
Um, actually make it cool and not Playboy, because Playboy, to be honest, just sucks.
They just want to be x-rated, but they're too classy for that shit, so, you know, if
it was like, you know, Penthouse Mansion or something like that, I'd be a little, you
know, step in the right direction there.
Joshi16 says, Neverland Ranch tycoon, one person buys it, guess who?
Peter Pan?
All right, well, you know, I think the tycoon series is one of those series that has just
been done over and over and over to death, but GamesRadar.com would disagree because
they posted their list of the top seven series run into the ground this week.
And this, of course, would be games that, you know, they were popular and then things
just start to kind of go wrong with the series.
So have you guys seen this list already?
Loki, Jamie, have you guys seen the list already?
Yeah.
Okay, Loki, Jamie, have you read this list already?
Okay, what would you think would be on this list, besides Tomb Raider, which is up on
the screen right now?
What games do you think, number seven is Tomb Raider, what series do you think have just
been run into the ground?
Remakes of Final Fantasy VII.
Okay, well, let's see if it shows up.
All right, number seven is Tomb Raider.
Number six is Mega Man, because, I mean, really, I mean, there's been all those stinking battle
network games, but there was, you know, there was never really a Mega Man 9.
Mega Man X games kind of ended in 2004, and so, you know, Mega Man's just kind of been
done to death.
They need a resurgence of Mega Man, I think.
Viewtiful Joe is at number five, which I think is an interesting selection.
They had like two or three games for that series.
That's hardly run into the ground.
But were any of them as good as the first one?
But they, you know, to be honest, though, they may not have been as good as the first
one, but it's like, it's, you have to kind of take off to run it into the ground, you
know what I mean?
GamesRadar cites Red Hot Rumble, which was a Smash Brothers type fighter game that had
Viewtiful Joe characters in it.
Number four was Dynasty Warriors.
That game, every single Dynasty Warriors game is exactly the same as the one before it.
And then they keep doing this fucking Empire shit, which is exactly the same game all over
again.
Number three is Tenchu, and they cite the PSP version, as this has just been done too
much now.
Who cares?
I mean, that game, I don't, there's still not that many games.
Number two is Spy Hunter.
I agree with this.
Okay, there's been like three games in that series, or four.
But seriously, it was, it was gone for the longest time.
You had Spy Hunter and then a forgettable sequel in the arcades, and then it was gone
forever, and then suddenly Midway decided to make this resurgence out of it, and it's
not been anything to scream about.
Right?
Okay.
Alright, well that's why they say they run it into the ground.
They cite Spy Hunter 2 and Spy Hunter Nowhere to Run, three games by three different developers.
The number one series they say has been run into the ground, Sonic the Hedgehog, the number
one series.
And of course they cite the GBA port of the original that was god-awful, in 2006 Rivals
and Riders, which weren't that great.
Of course this new one that's god-awful, they say the last truly good Sonic game according
to GamesRadar, Sonic Rush back in 2005 was the last good one.
You know what I think is interesting though?
I know a lot of folks out there think we're Nintendo fanboys and girls here on this program,
and to some extent, you know, we are a little bit, but hasn't Mario had some pretty shitty
games too?
Yeah.
Did you ever play Mario is Missing?
That was a PC game though.
No, it was, there was a version on Super Nintendo that was pretty awful.
Luigi's Mansion, not that great.
A lot of people didn't like Mario Sunshine.
I thought it was pretty good myself, but a lot of folks didn't like it for whatever reason.
Why is Mario getting a buy out of all this?
I mean, I guess, I don't know, maybe because Mario 64 was pretty rad and some of the new
Super Mario Brothers, but I don't know, it kind of seems like some people get a buy out
of this.
There's been some pretty shitty Mario games.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
Mario is Missing.
What about Donkey Kong?
Oh, that Mario vs. Donkey Kong, well those games are okay.
No, I meant just Donkey Kong stuff.
I mean, the Donkey Kong Country series.
Donkey Kong Country got rammed into the ground.
It was okay, but then they had a stupid fucking Bongo shit, and then, I don't know.
I don't know, the Bongo games were interesting.
Yeah, but then they had those other ones where you had to use the Bongos to move up a, what
was that one where you had to basically just use the L and R buttons on it?
I don't know.
I think a lot of the franchises out there kind of suck.
Ooh, Rama made a good one that these guys left off the list.
Don't forget Spyro.
That's a great one that should have been on the list.
Good catch, Rama.
Or Crash Bandicoot.
Those are both really good ones.
Let's see, what else do we have?
The Rob D says, yeah, but the last real Mario game came out 11 years ago.
That would depend on what you consider a real Mario game.
How about Rampage?
Oh, that's a good one, too.
See, we should come up with our own list, and of course, Jeremy Todd once says Metal
Slug.
Actually.
What about Contra?
It's been a while since we had a Contra game, hasn't it?
No, last year.
Well, besides the arcade.
Really?
Well, I meant like 2005.
We had Shattered...
Wait, not Shattered Soldier.
Damn, I don't remember the last one.
Vidpowah says, I admit I had a blast with the Mario is Missing games.
Well, I'm glad someone enjoyed it.
Ninja Turtle games.
Oh, good one.
See, we got some really good ones here, but the list wasn't so bad as it was.
All right, well, another thing that's not so bad is reading your emails that we get
every week.
We rather enjoy it, and DarkSakura is queen of the mailbag, and when you send your emails
to mailbag at orangelaungerator.com, DarkSakura will read and often respond to your emails
and pick some of her favorites to read here on the program, again, because we do get quite
a few letters.
We can't read them all, but we can try.
So DarkSakura is going to open up the mailbag and dive on in and see what we've got to read
this week.
DarkSakura, what's in the mailbag this week?
Two emails.
That's it?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's do it.
Okay.
First one.
Salutations, O.L.R.
Cast.
I just had a question about the Nintendo Wii and if its games contain region coding.
Thanks for reading this.
Also, I don't know if you guys heard about this article, but someone tried to electrocute
themselves with an arcade machine.
Their Pac-Man high score was beaten, and he claimed that he had nothing left to live for,
so he attempted suicide with a Pac-Man machine.
Pretty weird, though.
Comes from Blue Zenith.
He should have just tipped the machine over on himself.
That wouldn't kill anybody.
I've had an arcade machine fall on me.
First of all...
Did it hit you in the head?
Because that might explain some stuff.
Teasing just heart.
I'm letting you buy me dinner.
You can make it up to me with potato pancakes.
My car is dead.
As for the Wii...
Would you like a nice cup?
Would you like me to bring you a cup of wham?
Rob, I'm trying to do emails, so you can shut up, okay?
All.
Own.
Okay.
Jamie.
Jamie.
Jamie.
Jamie.
So at any rate, the Nintendo Wii is definitely region coded, so yeah.
But they're working on it.
They're working on it.
And also about someone killing themselves over a score.
Darwin loves them.
Sorry, that type of person should be removed from the dream pool.
Moving forward to the next and last email.
A pretty long one coming to us from someone who has not signed the email, so I'm just
going to say JCK.
Hey guys, great show.
Just wanted to give some feedback.
Two news items on last week's show.
The Dallas Area TV Network's WFAA's report on the PS3 and Wii as a gateway to porn, and
the New York State Bill...
Really?
They're giving away porn on the PS3?
Now I'll buy one.
Hey Rob, shut up.
And the New York State Bill A00547, and later the A02024, prohibiting the sale of certain
games to minors.
Do you want to read the email, though, if you really want to talk?
No, no, I'm fine.
I'm going to go get more coffee for my Hello Kitty maker.
Okay.
There are two kinds of parents, those who accept that the world is hostile and their
children must be proactively educated or sheltered, and those who want the world to be safe so
that their children will be sheltered naturally with a minimum of parental involvement.
Most parents are lazy and fall into the second category.
There are ones who are technophobic and will not take the time to investigate parental
controls on hardware and software.
They are the ones who seek to censor and control every content distribution chain.
The problem is that the world cannot be made safe, even if we could agree on what safe
is without oppressing sub-subculture somewhere.
It is impossible for any of us to remake the world in our own image.
We have to accept that things that we don't like exist, that our children will stumble
onto them if we don't shelter them or otherwise prepare them for that initial contact.
I may not agree with the religious conservatives who homeschool their kids and filter their
TV, but at least they're active parents.
There are legal issues that surround the New York Bills.
First of all, who decides what is objectionable?
The ESRB and MPAA are private industry bodies.
We cannot pass a law that deputizes these private bodies to rate things, which is why
a law that limits the sale of M or AO games is unenforceable.
If the government seeks to control, it must create a government body to identify what
to control.
Every ratings scheme in the U.S. is voluntary, the music industry chooses to use parental
advisory, the music industry chooses to get MPAA ratings, and the gaming industry chooses
to submit to the ESRB.
The public pressure is on retail distribution chains to comply with what forces the content
creators to adhere, which is why every major game retailer already checks ID.
The system works and there is no reason to change it.
And that's the end of the email.
Yes?
I got nothing.
I have a whole problem with the government being way too involved in our personal lives.
I think that it is unreasonable to expect somebody else to do to protect their children
from influences there are really no way to control.
It is your job, I'm sorry, it is a person's job as a parent to prepare their child for
the real world.
I've seen what's become of people who are too sheltered, they usually end up with severe
social problems.
The reference to the homeschool religious fundamentalist, a friend of mine that I met
here when I moved out to California, she had been so sheltered, she actually didn't go
to school until she was in high school and thought that oral sex was talking about sex.
I knew someone who thought the F word was fart.
And so when confronted with the reality of their ignorance, you know, who's to blame
but their parents, you know, keeping them from the stuff that's going on in the real
world.
To go back to the statement regarding needing a governmental body to participate with a
government controlled law, I guess it's the government controlled, that's not redundant.
I understand the logic in that but I still think that if we have a private party that
is not involved in the government, we are likely to get less, I would say, bias.
I'm sorry, our government is bought and paid for, you know.
For every person that you elect into government positions, there's a lobbyist behind them
paying lots of money for them to say, you know, I think that cigarettes are okay.
Is that why Travis is running for president?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
I was just putting that out there.
So I actually think that it is better for us to have that separation with those facilities
and the government.
I think the law is unnecessary and I agree, unenforceable the way it is in its current
incarnation.
All right, well I read through the email while you were ranting there and it was well thought
out.
I like getting those thoughtful emails.
I love when people with brains email us.
All right, so you should email us too, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
And please be smart.
Oh, dude, we got another email just as I was closing the box.
They're already smart because they listen to this program.
I'm going to read this now because it's by NintendoManiac64, worth a thousand words dot
com, an entry into this internet porn tycoon.
Oh, I get it.
They've got a picture of that of somebody had already done this on this worth a thousand
dot com.
Somebody photoshopped railroad tycoons, this internet porn tycoon.
There you go.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Thank you for sharing that with us, NintendoManiac64.
Too bad it's not real.
I know.
Well, I can only hope.
By microprobe, that's fantastic.
That was, oh microprobes was the one that made it originally.
I see what they did there.
Yay, Photoshop.
Anyways, so in the past PlayStation portable firmware has been defeated by Grand Theft
Auto Liberty City Stories, and of course Sony went and apparently fixed the hole, or so
they thought.
Now people have found another way using Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, one of the
original copies, that you can once again break the firmware.
What have they done?
Yep, they've done it.
They've made their wonderful Hello World proof of concept thing, and even today, which just
got released, a downgrader for firmware 3.03, so try as you might Sony, you'll just never
win.
Never, ever.
So this is why consoles shouldn't have firmwares.
They should just be good to go instead of having to upgrade.
What's the big deal about homebrew on the PSP anyway?
Is it really that bad?
Is it really killing families across America?
Is it really something that has to be prevented at all costs?
No.
In fact, they're encouraging it on the PlayStation 3, but that's still been...
People are going to pirate the, you know, they're going to break the firmware to pirate
shit, so...
I was reading somewhere else that HD DVD, of course, you know, they finally had to admit
that yes, it's been cracked.
Hey Rob.
What?
This kick to your ass is courtesy of DMN.
What?
Yep.
Tell DMN to go suck on a...
Anyway, I wanted to just say really quickly, and then we're going to get into the Skype
line and hear what you guys have to say, and play a voicemail.
We got one voicemail this week that's pretty interesting.
I want you guys to hear it.
I want to say this real quickly.
You might remember when Halo 2 was first coming out and was being promoted very heavily, they
used a viral site to promote it, and it was called ilovebees.com was the name of the site.
Well, guess what?
It's back, and kind of convenient, don't you think, because Halo 3 is coming out before
too long, and the beta is happening pretty soon?
Makes you think.
But bees are great.
Well, if you love bees...
They give us honey and sting us.
And then they die when they sting you.
If you love bees, check out the site.
It's ilovebees.com.
All right, we're going to get into the Skype line and take some of your calls here live
on Orange Lounge Radio, but first, I want to play a voicemail that came into our line
this week, and of course, we always invite your voicemails on any topic.
You can always give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR when we're not live, or for those of you guys
outside the US or Canada where that number is toll free, you can always give us a call
on the Skype line.
Just download Skype and call username Orange Lounge Radio.
That's us, and you can leave us a message throughout the week, but keep in mind if you
call right now, you're probably going to get on the Skype line.
We'll take you live on air, but if you're the type that likes to formulate your thoughts
first and then leave us a voicemail, you can do that, or sometimes we get other craziness
on our voicemail line, and I mean craziness, so check this out, because this is pretty
crazy.
You might have to listen kind of carefully, because they talk fast, because you can definitely
sense there's a lot of excitement in the room, so check this out.
Hey, Rob, it's me.
I just finished the free spot call, so it was awesome.
It was a surprise for you, hold on.
Yeah, Rob, this is Sheriff for Free Spot.
What's going on, man?
Adam and I are just chatting, and we're like, wait, what is this?
Is he going to show up tonight?
I don't know.
We don't know.
Is he going to fly in?
I don't know.
Is he going to fly in tonight?
I don't know.
We're looking for helicopters, you know, here.
Anyway, this is Sheriff for Free Spot.
Hope you're doing well.
Rock out.
Have a good time.
Guitar Hero, Fun Times, Anime.
Good times all around, yeah.
Free spot.
Go, go, go.
Here's Adam again.
He's got something he has to say.
Enjoy your voice, man.
I'll be listening to him on Sunday, live in the chat later.
Thanks, hold on.
Okay, let me translate, because those guys talked faster than the Micro Machines guy.
That apparently was Sean from Freeze Pop leaving the message, because Rama went to the concert
in New York City the other night and got them to leave a message.
He texted me on my phone while I was in school.
That's funny.
See, sometimes we get craziness on the voicemail line, so I encourage you folks, program the
1-877-GAME-OLR into your cell phone.
When you come across internet celebrities such as this guy from Freeze Pop, then you
should have them call in and leave us crazy voicemails, because, you know, that's fun.
All right, we're going to open up our Skype line.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or its username, Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
We want to offer up you guys to interact with our program here on Orange Lounge Radio, because
you know, it doesn't have to be all about us.
I mean, to some extent.
It could be all about me.
To some extent it does have to be all about us, but we want it to be about you guys as
well.
So give us a call right now on the Skype line and we'll take some calls.
Let's start off with this call tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
This is D.M.N.
San's really crappy microphone.
Hi, D.M.N.
San's really crappy microphone.
Hey, I'm going to kick your ass next time I see you.
Bring it, motherfucker.
What?
Oh, wow, I'm just reading in the chatroom, apparently 2DX Gold is supposed to be at Konami
Gamers' Day, which we're going to next week.
That's pretty hot.
Oh, really?
I don't know where the hell that came from.
Somebody just blurted that out in chat.
Can somebody back that up?
I wouldn't doubt it.
Oh, no, I see.
Mecklar, oh, and 2DX Gold is going over to America, left the UK a day ago.
Not sure where it's going, though.
You guys got any big conventions or game shows soon, and Jason put it together that it must
be coming over to Konami Gamers' Day.
It's pretty hot.
It's coming to Sakura Con.
That's where it's going.
I'm so planning to go spread your socks.
We'll see what happens.
I don't know.
I don't know what's going to happen.
We're going to have a full report on Konami Gamers' Day next week, and keep an eye on
our website Thursday and Friday.
All the news that we get there is embargoed until a certain time, but the minute that
embargo's up, we're going to post a ton of shit from the show, so we're really excited.
Anyway, D.M.N., what's on your mind tonight?
Three things.
One, huge STFU announcement this coming week.
This is your Thursday night program, yes?
Yes.
Not this week, but next week.
We're going to have MC Frontalot on the show for five good minutes.
I hate you!
No you don't.
I knew Jamie would be pissed.
Tell him to say something for me and record it, please.
How about we Skype you in?
You can talk to him.
I have school.
I have no problem with that.
When are you guys taping it?
Because you don't do it live.
When are you guys taping it?
I don't know.
I don't know if you posted, but I'll kick Jimmy to the curb and you can interview with
me.
There you go.
I have school every night this week, dude.
It's not this week.
It's next week.
Oh.
Why don't your people talk to his people and see what you can come up with?
My people will talk to your people.
All right.
Maybe we can get him on this show.
Well, anyway, so that's exciting news for you guys.
You guys are getting more celebrities than we are.
What the fuck?
We've been around for five years.
You guys are on like nine weeks and you're having frickin'... fuck you.
All right.
I love you too, Rob.
Did you just call to rub it in or is there anything else you want to share?
No.
I actually had two things.
One, I have a review of Bookworm Adventures.
Dude, Bookworm Adventures is awesome.
Yes.
Dude, you're almost playing that.
Pretty much the greatest casual game ever made.
That's what Xbox Live needs.
It's 30 bucks for the full version and that sounds kind of steep.
I would play that.
So I have a keyboard?
Yeah, but not everyone does.
Well, fuck them.
It's 30 bucks for the full version.
It's a bit steep, but very much worth it.
Exciting.
Is there any particular reason you love Bookworm Adventures?
Is it the smarts you get to use in constructing words?
Is it the graphics?
What is it about the game?
It's that and it's the charm.
The game makes this really crazy deep voice like a voiceover guy.
If you beat the crap out of an enemy, it's like CRUSHED.
It's pretty cool.
Can you do that one more time, please?
CRUSHED.
That's pretty awesome.
Alright, anything else on your mind tonight, DMN?
Yeah, bonus segment.
I wanted to talk about that.
I know the podcast listeners didn't hear it, but I actually can totally sympathize with
that one lady because I just broke up with my girlfriend over WoW.
Really?
I remember calling her or you or the both of you during Guys on a Show one night.
No, it wasn't Guys on a Show, it was this show when I was really fucking plastic.
Oh, that's right.
When you called in here drunk.
So, you guys broke up over WoW?
What happened?
Over WoW.
Well, one, I came over to visit her several weeks ago and she decided that playing WoW
and raiding was more important than spending time with me and that kind of pissed me off.
And then I called her earlier this week to see if she wanted to do something and she's
like, no, I'm playing Burning Crusade, I'm trying to get 70.
I'm like, okay, you know what?
That's it.
I'm done with this shit.
What do you want?
Do you want level 70 or cock?
You need to make a decision.
Is that what you told her?
Just like, you know, you find WoW more important than, you know, hanging out with me and I
care about you and I do all this shit for you.
That's how I would break it down.
I would say, you know, if I was having this problem in a relationship, I would say, look,
do you want level 70 or do you want the cock because you can't have both.
I game and I get laid when I want it.
All right.
Well, aren't you?
That's because you married a nerd.
Yes, I did.
It's great.
All right.
DMN, anything else you want to share?
We got to let some other people on.
You need to tell Robbie Parks like an asshole.
Yeah, Rob, your parking sucks.
Really?
Why does my parking suck?
Okay.
When I was down...
Oops.
We lost the connection.
If you would like to call us, our username is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype or you can give
us a call.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's toll free in the United States.
Hey, Rob, can't hang up on me.
No, but I can unplug your mic.
Yeah, and I can steal yours and beat you in the head with it.
What was that, Jamie?
No, you...
Nope.
Ow, ow.
Damn it, her mic is like hardwired in that fucking mix board.
That's because my powerful, awesome voice has fused it there.
I totally owned Rob.
Whatever.
I'm sorry if I broke your arm.
You hurt.
You'll just have to give me a free massage.
You'll just have to give me a free massage from MassageTheRapist.com.
Rob!
I take my professions seriously.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hi, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind, buddy?
All that 2DX stuff that I've been hearing from over the pond.
Over the pond?
Yeah, that whole Ghostbusters thing that kind of shocked us last week.
Remember?
Yeah, yeah, okay.
What about it?
No, I'm just saying, you know, from what I've been hearing, Konami Gamers Day might have
gold.
I don't...
I just want, you know...
You know what?
You know what?
I'm not going to this event to, you know, to play all the cool stuff.
I'm going to, you know, hear what is coming out so I can report back to all you guys what
sounds cool.
Exactly.
If it's there, it's there.
Loki will, too.
Dark Soccer, unfortunately, is unable to attend because of school, but we'll give you our
thoughts.
You also know that Betsun mentioned in a press release that they're supposed to be having,
you know...
One of their top guys said that they're supposed to be having a content update for Supernova
that's supposed to have two to three hundred more songs into it.
Two to three hundred more songs than DDR Supernova in the arcade?
Show Betsun press release.
Wow.
Well, who knows?
This could be something they're announcing.
I think Konami's gearing up for lots of announcements this week.
They've been kind of quiet, so I think we're going to get just blasted with stuff.
I think if that is true, you'll hear about it Thursday.
If you don't hear about it then, or Friday, I don't know when the news is embargoed, but
Thursday or Friday, if you don't hear after that, it probably wasn't true.
But I could do it right now.
Watch.
I'll post it up on chat.
Yeah.
There we go.
Well, okay, but how often are things talked about that don't necessarily happen, such
as Link Mode?
Well, that was never the best since its fall.
That was because they got shafted by the people that were supposed to make the part for them.
And so, you know, I was disappointed at first, but I let that slide because obviously, you
know, I have faith that Konami might find another way.
But if they don't, so be it.
I mean, they'll eventually find an alternative.
I mean, now, right now, probably in the next.
Right.
You've been playing anything else besides Bomani lately?
More on the Groove R21, and I just played Drummania today.
Okay, let me rephrase.
Have you been playing anything that is not a music game?
I started playing Initial D today.
All right.
There you go.
That's something.
And in the arcade?
Yeah.
I bought the card and everything.
How is that?
Is there a lot of competition in your neck of the woods?
I actually traveled out of state today.
It was a tournament, so I managed to play, you know.
In addition to other stuff, I just played, you know, I managed to get into Initial D
while I was at it.
So yeah.
I mean, it wasn't that much, but it's really hard to find an Initial D machine in Chinatown
anyways.
I know one place, but I will make efforts to follow up on that.
All right.
All right.
Well, Zaku, your voice is breaking up a little bit, but thanks so much for calling in, as
you always do.
And we'll talk to you another time already.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or it's username OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
If you're sick of the same old people calling in week after week, then you're not helping,
because you're not calling us, so you should get on your telephone and give us a call right
now.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Otherwise, it's going to be the same people get through every week.
Or you can always leave us a voicemail, because I know some folks can't listen live on Sunday,
and so they want to, you know, interact with us in other ways.
I guess we'll do one more call.
We'll go over to this one.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's Rama.
What's up?
How you guys doing?
Hey, Rama.
How you doing, baby?
You've already been on the show today.
Hi.
Your voicemail.
Well, I do.
I can't help the show out.
You know me.
I love you guys and girls.
I know.
It was cool.
Thanks a lot.
That's fun.
You know, we had FreezePop.
At least we had Casson from FreezePop about a year ago on the show, and it was very nice.
I wish them a lot of success.
They're a good bunch.
Sweetness.
I also hope you like the voice while I left it on your personal line.
You know what?
It cut out.
What was it supposed to be?
Because, like, I heard, like, a couple notes, like, they were playing a song.
Like, it sounded like they were starting to play a song, but it cut, like, you were obviously
indoors because it cut out.
What were you trying to leave?
Let's talk more rock.
Ah, okay.
See, all I could hear, like, this is the voicemail.
It was like, this is for you, Rob.
And then that's all I could hear, and then it, like, went, you know, cell phone drop.
You might need to switch carriers.
Because when we played that, there were a few people that showed up with their Guitar
Hero controllers.
They moved towards the front and started, like, freestyling on the song.
People showed up with their Guitar Hero controller to the FreezePop concert?
Yes.
One of my friends, Aaron, he got them to sign his controller.
That's pretty hardcore.
I like that, though.
That's rad.
Yeah.
Definitely.
All right.
Well, anything else you want to share with us, Rama?
Did you have a good time at the concert overall?
Yes, I did.
And I also picked up another video game.
I got Elite Beat Agents.
Ooh, Elite Beat Agents, one of my favorites from 2006.
What'd you think?
It's fun.
It's not as easy than Oh and Don, but I'm enjoying it.
Wait till it, the difficulty really ramps up as you go through it.
Oh, I believe it.
I'm trying to finish the last song on easy.
All right.
All right, well, Rama, thanks so much for the call, and thanks for the voicemails.
We appreciate it.
No problem.
Hey, my friend, Patty, agrees with you, what you said about the whole Wii incident, just
letting you know.
All right.
Cool.
Thanks for the support.
All right.
Later.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
Thanks so much to all of our callers tonight.
We appreciate it.
If you didn't get through, that's okay.
You can always leave us a voicemail.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR when we're not live.
Now I'm going to open it up to any last-minute stories we have here in the studio.
Any last-minute stories from anyone?
Oh, yeah.
Loki.
Anyways, some interesting stuff for the PSP, including a brand-new game coming to it.
This should get Jamie happy, or very happy here.
Happity.
Happity.
Yes.
Very happily.
Yay.
Dracula X, Rondo of Blood is coming to the PSP, according to UK-based gaming magazine
Play.
So that's kind of cool.
Other stuff, though, if you're expecting Final Fantasy XIII this year, sorry to disappoint
you, but that's not happening.
Dream on.
We can all do that.
According to Tetsuya Nomura himself, said it's not going to happen, and says, I'm hoping
to play, or hopefully going to be out in 2008.
Yeah, and even that, they'll probably get it late 2008 in Japan, and then we won't get
it here until 2009, which sucks, because that'll be when I get a PlayStation 3, that'll be
2009.
Yeah.
According to Midway, because I know they've had their Midway's Gamer Day, was actually
last week, they had some info regarding the Midway Classics that are going to be on the
PlayStation Network.
Of course, some of the pricing for that, Demon Slayer is going to be $4.99, and it should
hit the PlayStation Store in the next few months, but it doesn't really say what are the other
costs on, say for example, the Mortal Kombat games or anything like that.
But they look good, though.
They have some screenshots actually online now of Mortal Kombat, and Rampart, and Super
Sprint, stuff like that, so that's kind of cool.
And then, I don't know what the hell this is, but apparently there's this homebrew program
called Mini VMac for the DS, where apparently they're running Mac OS on a DS, which is so
wrong, but okay.
And then, of course, a PlayStation 3 ISO loader is being worked on right now, and hopefully
it'll be done soon there in the testing phase, so piracy on the PlayStation 3 coming soon.
I'm sure Sony's thrilled to hear that news.
Oh yeah.
DarkSakura, do you have anything for us, last minute?
No, I just have my usual awesome.
All right, well then I guess that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch
Radio.
Hey guys, thanks so much for tuning in to us, downloading it, and supporting independent
internet radio.
We really appreciate it, and it is that support that keeps us going week after week.
We'll see you back here next week with more Orange Launch Radio.
I do believe there's some football game on TV, but we're not watching, so we'll be here
Sunday Night Live, 6 o'clock Pacific, to talk about more games.
So until then, this is Rob Roberts for DarkSakura and Loki saying, see you next time here on
Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
