New developments with the Guitar Hero series, including Drum Villain, and Can You Fix a
Broken 360 with Towels?
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
I say welcome back because we missed a show last week, but we'll get into that in a moment.
First, let's introduce ourselves.
We are that podcast dedicated to what you, the gamer, really want to know about video
game culture and the video game lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me, as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, what up?
How are you doing, Ms. Summers?
I'm alive, sort of.
That's good.
That's good.
I had a very good time last week on our weekend off with you.
We had a great time.
Myself and Dark Sakura and the OLR lesbians all went to Disneyland, and it was a good
time.
We had a very interesting time.
And I know some listeners sometimes give Jamie a hard time because she talks about Disneyland
a lot on this show, and I'm one of them.
I have a hard time talking about Disneyland so much on this program, but I kind of get
it now.
We've had a great time, and it really is something else.
Space Mountain four times.
Rocking Space Mountain four times in a row was awesome.
I think it's just really cool.
I remember that we have day jobs.
OLR is not what we do for a living, and it's just kind of nice to have a week off to go
have nothing but fun.
And that's what Disneyland was really all about, was just fun and good friends and good
times.
It was great.
I had a really good time.
Group hug.
All right.
Anyway, also joining us tonight, say hello to Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm fine.
What did you do last week?
I also went to that same reception with Loki.
That's right.
And you went to the folks who got married through Final Fantasy XI, right?
Yes.
You don't play Final Fantasy XI anymore, though, right?
I did for the past two weeks.
What made you...
But you quit again.
Yes, I quit again.
So what made you decide to start playing Final Fantasy XI and then quit again?
Because I missed it, and then when I came back, I played it, and then I didn't miss
it anymore.
So it was time to cancel.
What made you decide you did the right thing by quitting?
What do you mean, what made me decide?
Well, because you said you went back for two weeks, and then you quit.
So obviously, you must have come to the conclusion during those two weeks that, oh, I made the
right decision quitting.
Oh, yeah.
Well, because being a blue mage is freaking boring trying to get those spells, and when
you spend two hours hunting this one monster, trying to get one spell off of it, you realize
that your time could be better spent somewhere else.
Like looking for a party.
All right.
Look at the chatroom comments here at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
We always invite the chatters to always be another guest here on the program, and they
have their comments.
We have some really good voicemails this week, by the way.
We're going to get to it later on in Part B. Just another way we encourage you guys
to interact with us.
Shadow Slayer says, just sat around and talked equals strippers.
Is this true?
No, it's just in his mom's coffee shop, so sitting around talking is literally sitting
around talking.
Lattes and strippers, good times.
I wish.
Nellie and I were hoping for strippers with fireworks and jet packs, and we actually almost
got somebody to believe that that was going to happen, but they were an idiot, so it doesn't
matter.
That would be Kat, and she was an idiot.
Wait, like literally.
Does Kat listen to this program?
Can she defend herself?
I don't think she knows how to operate a computer, okay?
All right.
She's a complete idiot.
All right.
Well, welcome back, of course, to all of our live listeners and our podcast listeners since
there was no program last week.
Again, we apologize for not being here, but now that the holidays are over and we're all
back into our daily routine, unfortunately, we're kind of in a situation where Jamie's
doing school in the early evenings, and Loki has to go to bed early for his job, which
takes out the late evenings, so it's very hard for us to pre-record when we're not here
on Sundays, so sorry about that, but that's what happened.
If you were here listening live, though, Travis Donovan from our Saturday Night program on
Orange Launch Radio did a real fantastic little tribute program, and if you listen to one
of our buddy podcasts, All Games Interactive, Dark Soccer and I appeared on the Friday edition,
and it was something else.
It was a good time, though.
It was slightly embarrassing.
Yeah.
It was a good time.
I had fun.
That's what it's all about.
I need to find the podcast for that since I wasn't there.
I didn't really.
You were missed, though.
They kept saying it was two-thirds of Orange Launch Radio.
Where's Loki?
Why isn't he here?
Why doesn't he like us?
We had to kind of explain that, so it was good, though.
I didn't realize that their Free Play Fridays were so free, but it was a good time.
I had a really good time.
Thanks to Scott for having us on.
It's good.
I like doing radio with Scott because he plays such different types of games than we do that
it's fun to kind of debate a little bit.
We got into that a little bit on the Free Play Friday show before things all went to
hell in a good way.
We had a really good time.
We hope to go back sometime.
We've gotten some real positive feedback from that.
I know there was something in the mailbag that maybe Dark Soccer is going to read for
us later.
I think we had a voicemail, too.
I don't think we were going to play the voicemail, but somebody had left us a voicemail and said
it was really great.
We love doing radio with those guys and kind of coming together in that Voltron-esque sense
to do radio together.
It was cool.
Miklotov says, how about Power Rangers instead?
I'm going to say Power Rangers ripped off Voltron.
Does anybody watch Power Rangers anymore except you?
There's another guy at my work that does, and we're going to have an Operation Overdrive
party when the new season premieres.
Let's talk a little bit about how is your gaming week, because that's how we always
like to start off the show.
We've got a couple of weeks to cover here, so we'll start off with Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I played Cook and Mama and Astro Blasters at Disneyland.
It counts as a game, right?
Astro Blasters is one of the best video games I've ever played in my life.
That was some good times.
We might be getting another pinball machine that you would be interested in.
What's that?
Bride of Pinbot.
Sweet.
Very cool.
I told Dan to try to get it for me.
Not a lot of console stuff otherwise?
Not really.
I almost got rid of PSU and then went, nah.
I turned on Guild Wars and then said, nah.
It just went through the whole booting and patching and that whole process.
You were like, nah.
Yeah, pretty much.
That was it.
All right.
Good times.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was good.
I had a gaming party last night actually and Rob was there and he can attest to the fact.
WarioWare Smooth Moves is fun but playing it with 11 people at the same time is crazy
and it adds a whole new element of fun into it that I don't even know how to describe.
I have never had a video gaming experience quite like 11 player WarioWare.
I don't know how to describe it.
It was insane.
Just so you guys know, in WarioWare, you only get to use one baton.
They call it the baton in the game but it's Wiimote.
You only get to use one Wiimote in multiplayer.
So part of the fun of it was actually passing off the baton in time to other people.
It was actually kind of funny.
The whole thing is ridiculous.
They have your Miis flying around like this angel form and it really looks weird.
So you have all these weird Mi faces with this angel body thing that doesn't even fit
and then you have these games that you're playing and it keeps getting faster and everyone
was just cracking up.
It was just a lot of fun.
Did you notice how OLR totally dominated the multiplayer games?
Because you won one, Megalotov won one, Extra for won one and I won one.
We played it four times.
Well, we played games more than that.
No, I know.
That's true.
So we did that.
That was really fun.
But that's just because at this gamer party, you had some casual gamers there.
What were the level of people like Tiffany and Heather and the other Rob?
Did they play a lot of games?
My sister plays quite a bit.
She's finished Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 and she's played through Zelda and all this stuff.
So she plays quite a bit.
She has my GameCube right now.
Because they were all into it.
The only person that didn't seem so into it was Nellie.
She was kind of like, I hate this.
Nellie doesn't play too many games.
But she laughed.
I mean, she just laughed.
And then Tiffany really doesn't play that many games.
I think she may play a little bit of the Xbox, but she wants to get a Wii.
She doesn't have one yet.
So that's funny.
And then Mel, of course, plays some stuff.
And everyone plays a pretty average amount of games and stuff.
So I think a lot of people really liked it and definitely people that were going to get
a Wii are probably going to get this game as well because it's just crazy.
The dance mini game was hilarious.
Yeah, Shane shared this idea with us that you can do the dance.
You go into the mode where you just play a mini game over and over again and you do the
dance mini game, but you set it on the fastest setting.
It's pretty funny.
It's fun to watch.
Yeah, it's crazy.
And then we played Resistance Fall Man.
We've been playing that all week during lunches and we played that last night too for a while.
And I had a really interesting glitch after you left.
We were playing multiplayer.
First we started off with just doing four player multiplayer and stuff.
And that's a fun game, multiplayer.
Then we decided rockets only, infinite ammo.
And we picked really tiny maps.
And that was pretty fun, except one time I spawned and I just kept flying up into the
air.
So it was really weird.
That was kind of funny.
You guys were playing Red Steel at one point too.
That's about it.
I was going to get to Red Steel.
Did it play as god awful as it looked?
Because I haven't really played a lot of Red Steel, but that game did not look fun when
you guys were playing a multiplayer.
It was not like when everybody was playing WarioWare where everyone knew what to do.
The thing shows you how to hold the controller and you kind of take it from there.
But Red Steel was like, how do I hang up the phone?
What the hell am I doing?
I had never played Red Steel four player.
I've only done it two or three.
So I figured, okay, let's give it another try on a bigger TV so you can actually see
what's going on and stuff.
And so four player, I thought it'd be cool if we tried the mode where the Wiimote rings
like a phone and you pick it up and you get a mission from the person on the line.
Well, it's a cool concept, but it's completely annoying and stupid at the same time.
So Red Steel really sucks.
You can't control it for shit.
The little phone mode, I mean, the thing is ringing all the goddamn time and stupid shit
like kill the cook and it'll use an Uzi or something like that.
And if you don't pick up the phone, it'll just keep ringing for you and it's just really
annoying.
You know, this is the last draw for this game.
I'm definitely selling it back now.
I mean, it was a complete waste of money in the first place.
It's just an utter disappointment.
I wanted to give it a second chance and so I did and it's awful.
That's the first time you asked me like, do you want to play this?
And I was like, no, I don't.
Yeah.
So that really sucked.
And then I'm trying to think what else we played there.
Rob D. in chat agrees with you.
Loki's right.
Phone mode sucks.
It always rings.
You can't hear it.
I mean, it sounded like a cool concept in the beginning, you know, when they were talking
about it, but it's just horribly, horribly executed.
So, you know, I can't recommend that game at all.
And then finally, you know, we're playing more Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories, which
I hear is now coming out on PlayStation 2.
My boss will be extremely happy about that.
And just, you know, the usual stuff.
But yeah, right now Wario War is going to have to hold me over until SSX comes out.
It kind of sucks with only one game coming out in the month, but that's about it.
All right.
Can I make an interjection?
Sure.
Why not?
There's one other game.
Okay.
What's that?
R-Type 3.
Oh, on the virtual console?
Oh, yeah.
How was that?
Well, I actually never had R-Type 3 before, so it was actually really fun.
And I love the mode 7-tastic stuff that happens in it, because as you're going through it,
it's like it fully has a real 3D feel to it.
And my favorite thing is, like, right at the beginning, when these, I guess, sort of mini-boss
type things pop up, you can kill them in one, you know, charge shot.
And then another one comes up behind you, and then he swings around you, and then you
bitch can't kill him.
And then he suddenly looks behind him and runs into a wall and blows up.
You know, how is it as a shooter game?
I was contemplating getting it.
I don't know much about R-Type.
It's R-Type!
I can get it!
I never really owned a Turbo Grafx-16 or a Sega back in the day.
Did you get the first R-Type?
I did.
And it kind of reminded me of Gradius, really.
It was just like Gradius.
It's hard.
It is.
It was a little harder than Gradius.
R-Type is hard.
R-Type 3 is, sort of to me, like a faster paced R-Type.
For eight bucks?
Should I spend eight bucks on it?
Yeah!
Sure!
R-Type!
It's actually one of the only R-Type games, actually I think, yeah, that was specifically
for Super Nintendo.
Check it out.
Check it out.
It's worth it.
Maybe you should come over to your house and play it first.
No, you're going to download it.
Alright, fine.
Let's see how you are.
Miklotov, how was your gaming week?
What have you been playing?
Well, I'm still playing the crap out of Elite Beat Agents because I can't get enough of
it and I'm almost down to zero everything except for Elite Beats on Jumping Jack Flash
on Elite Beat Viva's difficulty.
And let's see, I just picked up Final Fantasy III for the DS because it's in stock again,
which is nice, and I played Final Fantasy for two weeks and now I'm playing Burning
Crusade.
Oops.
How's Burning Crusade?
My blood elf is really pretty and he jumps around and twirls, it's great.
What made you decide to go on to Burning Crusade?
Everybody else is doing it and I like to follow people, so I'm easily swayed.
And it's fun.
I like it.
It's cool.
Alright, good times.
You want to tell people your server and characters?
They can come play with you?
Or would you rather stay anonymous?
I don't care.
My server is Ravencrest and my character's name is Arx and I'm a 13 blood elf priest.
Is there any reason why you chose Ravencrest?
Because it reminded me of Ravenclaw because that sounds like something Harry Potter-ish.
Alright.
I was going to say, as you mentioned, that Final Fantasy III is back in stock now.
They've been actually sold out of a lot of stuff, especially the DS Lite.
Nintendo is actually completely sold out now.
They should be coming to the stores in the next week or so, finally catching up.
Same with the Wii.
The Wii's been sold out for a while too.
Nintendo's kind of slow right now.
Sony's kind of showing them up with the amount of units they're getting out there, but no
one's buying them.
Well, my gaming week, a lot of the same stuff most people have actually already beaten me
to and mentioned.
You know, there was Buzz Lightyear ride at Disneyland, which was a lot of fun.
You know what's weird is that the first time we went through it, we rode that ride three
times and the first time was our best score.
We should post that picture on Orange Lounge somewhere.
It's kind of funny.
You got the 38th best score for the day or something, the high score.
I think so.
You kicked my butt at it.
Out of how many thousands of people that went on it?
Well, the whole reason we got so high of a score was because it broke down while we were
on it.
Yeah, because the other times we never stopped in the middle of the ride.
I've done really well on that ride.
I can at least get to a rank four on a regular run-through.
But then I was chatting from the hotel room with Bobby over at All Games and he's like,
well, I got a million.
Did you get a million?
I'm like...
Yeah, but his ride stopped too.
All right, so I played that.
I've gone back to World of Warcraft thanks to Burning Crusade, which is funny though
because I didn't buy Burning Crusade.
There's not a lot in Burning Crusade for me because I'm not all like, ooh, ah, over Blood
Elves and Draenei because everybody is playing those.
And especially if you look at the server that Shane and I are playing on, because we always
start on a freaking new server, Ravencrest.
I'm playing a Tauren on Ravencrest.
I'm not running into anybody.
It's like a new server.
All I see are Blood Elves and they're all paladins and they make me want to punch them
because it's annoying because they're all just kind of ganging up on my kills I'm trying
to get.
Yeah, so it's interesting.
And I thought, well, there's not a lot in Burning Crusade for me.
I mean, sure, there's new areas.
You can level to 70 in the jewelcrafting.
But I'm like, okay, I don't want to make that investment unless I actually stick with World
of Warcraft.
Because if you've been listening to this show for a couple of years, you know that I'm notorious.
I'll play World of Warcraft for three months, quit, then start over again in a couple months
on a new server.
But actually, I said, okay, Rob, if you can get a character to level 40, I will reward
you by buying Burning Crusade.
There you go.
And I'm already at what, 11 or 12?
Well, yeah, but the first 10 levels you can do in like an hour.
Whatever.
Anyway, but what's funny is that since Shane had the discs, I installed it on the computer
and so I still have like the pretty intro screen.
But it's kind of neat to have Burning Crusade installed but you don't have access.
So if you're kind of wondering, like if you're out there wondering what happens if I like
Borrow a Friend's discs but I don't have the code, you still get some things changed
like the intro screen and some of the loading screens.
And certainly, you know, you can see everybody but I don't think the game will let you do
anything special outside of that.
That's probably all I'm really getting from that.
So I am going to have to buy a code at some point.
When I get to level 40, that's my reward for myself.
I've also been playing WarioWare Smooth Moves.
Love it.
It's an awesome game.
But I think it kind of suffers from the WarioWare series syndrome where that I don't see much
– let me rephrase that – I don't see much single player replay ability after about
five hours with the game because once you've unlocked all the mini games, not a lot else
to do.
And that's kind of the same way all the WarioWares have been in the past.
But multiplayer is really cool and I think really breathes more life into the game that
the other WarioWares didn't have so much.
I mean, I know the GameCube one had multiplayer that was kind of fun but this one especially
because, you know, the more pick up and go element of it.
So I think if you have people that you can play this with – like if you're the type
of person that would own Mario Party, you definitely should own WarioWare.
But if you're just one person, I actually think this is a title that's a really good
rental.
Like it's probably the best rental title right now possibly out there because I do
think it's the type of game you're going to breeze through pretty quickly.
It's fun.
It's easy to pick up.
It's got a great sense of humor.
A lot of the characters from the old WarioWare games are back but, again, I just don't
see where there's going to be a lot to this game after you've played it for three hours
unless you are a perfectionist and you must master every game.
But if you're a Nintendo fanboy, you probably already own it so what are you listening to
me for?
Well, would you agree with that, Logie?
You know, this whole thing kind of reminds me of, you know, there could be more life
in this game if they had, I don't know, leaderboards or something like that supported
on the Nintendo Wii but since they don't and Nintendo's a fucking retard for not
doing that, you know, there's not as much life as there could be, you know?
I don't know.
Simple fixes like a leaderboard system or something for each individual game would be
pretty cool.
All right.
Well, I think that's about, do I have anything else for my gaming week?
Not really.
I've just pretty much been playing those.
Not a whole lot of, oh, no, there is one new game I wanted to mention also.
I bought Heavy Weapon on Xbox Live Arcade which is a PopCap game, you know, the folks
that made Bejeweled and Zuma but Heavy Weapon is a very different type of game.
It's not a puzzle game.
It's more of an action game.
It reminds me of an old 16-bit shooter and a lot of people have been giving Heavy Weapon
a lot of crap because, you know, they go, oh, another PopCap game.
It's coming out after Ms. Pac-Man.
God, the live arcade line-up sucks, you know.
I could play this on, you know, for free on Flash and da-da-da-da-da.
I think a lot of people are passing judgment on this game before playing it and I would
bet some of your favorite bloggers are doing this too after reading one or reading some
bloggers because people were posting those types of opinions before the game even came
out.
So they were basing their opinions, I know this, off the Flash version of the game.
I do think you should download the demo and check it out, especially if you like those
old 16-bit type of shooters because it actually is a lot of fun and I played multiplayer with
some strangers to, you know, try and get some more achievements and just kind of have fun,
see what it was all about.
I actually thought it was pretty fun and I know you can't do the multiplayer through
the free Flash game and there's a lot of different types of stages.
I actually think it's kind of an underrated purchase right now.
I think I enjoyed this much more than I enjoyed Small Arms or Novidrome or some of those other
originals they were really hyping up or RoboBlitz even.
I didn't really enjoy any of those games as much as I enjoyed Heavy Weapon.
So I really think don't listen to people who pass judgment on this game just because
it's PopCap and they have it, you know, on the website.
You know, if the website is good enough for you and you play the net with them, fine,
you know, then you don't need to spend the $10.
But if you enjoy those types of games, I think you'd really benefit from multiplayer and
some of the other modes this game has.
I had a lot of fun with it and I kind of want to play it again when, you know, my TV is
free of Elibits because Xtaphir has been playing Elibits non-stop.
He beat it.
I saw the final boss in the game.
It was like this Voltron Elibit type thing.
It's crazy.
It was like I didn't know Elibits was so long.
I guess it has like 25, 26 stages and the stages in that game go on for like 10-20 minutes
at a time.
So there's quite a bit of replayability in Elibits, I was surprised.
I do recommend Heavy Weapon for those fans of shooters, at least even if you just have
access to Xbox Live.
Check out the demo.
You might like it.
Well that's pretty much all I got for How Was My Gaming Week.
So that's all of us.
So now we're going to go on to housekeeping, which we don't really have a lot of this week.
There's not a lot of new news going on with the station.
You know, we still have our site trucking along and hope to bring you a new website
pretty soon, although it's a lot of work we're finding.
Also just a reminder, we do have programming here on orangeontrader.com almost every week
night throughout the week.
First Tuesday of every month, Dark Soccer is live with Pump Up The Volume, so she's
due for a new show pretty soon.
Wednesday nights, guys on the show, myself and Exeterfer.
Thursday nights, STFU with DMN and DJ Tyrant.
Friday night, Club OLR mixed by Loki.
And Saturday nights, Travis Donovan live, which is always pretty hilarious and he does
a lot of the chat room interaction stuff too.
So check those shows out.
And getting on into the news this week, this was something we actually talked about on
one of the spinoff shows.
And I'm sure you've heard this story talked about to death in the various gaming blogs
out there and on the various websites out there.
We don't want to spend a whole lot of time on it tonight.
But I do find it very ironic that the week we decide to take off a show, huge news happens
literally in our backyard.
I mean literally.
And of course we're referring to the Hold Your Wee for a Wee contest that one of our
local stations here, 107.9 held.
Our morning rave show or whatever held this Hold Your Wee for a Wee contest.
And unfortunately it ended, or I should say resulted, because it was about a couple hours
after the contest ended, resulted in the death of Jennifer Strange, a 28-year-old who was
trying to win a wee for her family.
And what's very interesting, Jennifer Strange lives, or lived, not even about two miles
from where we record Orange Lawn's radio.
So it's kind of, it was kind of weird, kind of hit home that whole story.
At first, I don't know about you guys when you heard about this, but at first I was kind
of thinking this isn't, because I was reading about it on Kotaku, Destructoid, and all those
gaming blogs.
I was thinking this really isn't about gaming.
I mean I understand why these sites covered it, so I'm not trying to fault that or anything,
but I'm kind of thinking to myself, we're really digging a hole for this.
I mean it's not really about the gaming.
I mean surely it's a tragic story, but that goes more to the whole where was the responsibility,
the DJs, the station, the woman that competed in the contest, you know, all that types of
back and forth.
But then, earlier this week, I caught something very interesting on the nightly news, because
as you can imagine here in this area, in the Sacramento area, this story has really dominated
the nightly news, just as when three years ago, someone passed away of the same thing
in a frat hazing in Chico.
I mean that dominated our local news for the longest time, a water intoxication took the
life of theirs.
Somebody was telling me at work the other day, in the past, I think in the past five
years in the Sacramento region, three people have died of water intoxication, which is
abnormal.
That's not normal.
So it's weird that, you know, move to Sacramento, don't drink water.
It's sort of like drowning yourself.
Well, it is.
Essentially, it's kind of what you're doing.
But anyway, so I'm thinking, okay, it's not really gaming related.
I don't know if we should talk about it on Sunday's show, because it's kind of been talked
about to death.
But then this late breaking thing happened.
I caught the news on Thursday, okay, and I posted about this to OrangeLawnTrader.com.
We were watching local news and they were talking about this whole thing.
The reporter, I guess, had talked to the lawyer, and the reporter said that they were considering
expanding the lawsuit that was filed against the station.
I mean, obviously, a civil lawsuit was filed in her death.
I mean, I think we all saw that coming.
The lawsuit is being considered to expand Nintendo and promoters for Justin Timberlake,
because Justin Timberlake's tickets were involved in this concert, too.
They were in the contest, too.
They were a consolation prize.
And now, it's kind of, well, now we're kind of roping it back into gaming, because Nintendo
could get sued over this whole thing.
It's stupid.
It's really stupid.
They had nothing to do with it.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking, too.
I mean, unless they can prove that Nintendo somehow sponsored this contest, which I doubt,
I highly, highly, highly doubt they would sponsor a contest called Hold Your Wee for
a Wee.
They would have never done that, okay?
So unless they can somehow prove that Nintendo sponsored this contest, I don't see that really
happening, that they're going to be able to sue them, but maybe that's what they're exploring
right now.
I don't know.
I don't know if Nintendo's a large company, and he thinks that he can get money from them,
so it makes perfect sense that they would want to do that.
Same with Justin Timberlake.
You know, the guy's got money, so let's try to get a piece of it, a piece of the money.
Because the station, I mean, granted, the station's probably part of a big network,
maybe not so much money there.
I don't know.
And although I can understand where her family's coming from, I mean, it was very tragic what
happened to her, although I do believe she is partially to blame, I felt she was more
to blame until I heard the audio of the whole thing.
When I heard how crass the DJs were and talking about, you know, well, they signed waivers,
what's the worst thing about it, and the fact that people had called them.
I had a co-worker who listened to it, and she was telling me at work about how the one
doctor we all heard about was not the only one to call in.
She said at least two doctors called in telling them not to do it, and they still continued
to do it anyway.
So while, yeah, I kind of fault her for participating, I think there's blame.
It's just tragic.
The whole thing's tragic.
I think, first of all, she deserves a Darwin Award, and too bad she's already bred.
Any person with a brain in their head would know that you cannot hold your urine that
long.
It is, you're holding a toxin in your body.
You can't drink that much water.
Now, she deserves her Darwin Award.
The DJs also, I think, were responsible for not thinking it through, for being pretty
much, yeah, they were idiots.
They also deserved to be Darwinized, unfortunately, that hasn't happened yet.
But I don't think in kind of and sort of, I believe in every party was at fault.
She was at fault.
She deserves it.
They were at fault.
They deserve to be fired and worse.
I don't think anyone deserves to die.
I mean, we all do stupid shit for our kids.
But you know what I mean, though?
She earned her death.
I just kind of think maybe she had some type of trust in the radio station that she wasn't
doing it like that they hadn't already researched.
They probably didn't know that it was, I mean, because it's basically okay who can hold it
the longest and before they have to go.
That wasn't the issue.
It wasn't because she held back her urine that she died, it was because she drank gallons
and gallons of water really quick, and it wouldn't have mattered even if she went afterwards
because I'm assuming she did go afterwards, the damage was already done.
The thing is, is now they had them fill out waivers.
Well, they have generic waivers that the radio stations have people fill out for their contests.
It's basically saying, oh, we don't hold you liable for this and this.
But they didn't disclose, at least it seems like from what I've heard on the radio and
stuff, the recordings of it, they didn't really disclose what possible dangers were and say,
you might die from this if there's too much or something like that.
I don't think they did their research, or if they did, they just completely shrugged
it off.
That's really what the issue is.
It's not a matter of if they signed waivers or not, it's just they didn't disclose the
possible risks of participating in this activity because not everyone is aware that drinking
that much water could cause you to die.
You would just think that you just have to really go to the bathroom really bad.
With a lot of these people not knowing, you can't really hold them responsible for that.
Granted, it's a stupid thing, but hey, if someone gave me the opportunity to drink some
water and hold my pee for a $250 thing, sure, I'd give it a shot, but if I started feeling
sick, I would stop.
I think that kind of thing doesn't make you feel sick.
That's kind of the difference there.
I don't know.
Miklotov?
I thought they said that she stopped when she did feel sick.
She did re-quit the contest.
When I read about it, I didn't know about water poisoning.
I was like, okay, that's crazy.
How could you not know about it?
You can drink so much water that it kills you.
You're pretty much saturating.
But it being a radio contest, I thought they would have taken the precautions to warn the
contestants and stuff, or at least have somebody on hand.
I'm not saying at all that the DJs in the station were not at fault.
I'm saying that there's equal fault.
Maybe everybody doesn't know that you can drink yourself of water to death.
I thought it was common sense.
Interesting perspective in the chat room.
Mike W. says, Dark Soccer, it's not the DJ's fault for doing what his boss told him.
I do agree to an extent, and that's why 10 people were fired over this.
That's why certainly a lot of people, not just the DJs, were fired.
But I'm telling you, if you listen to the audio, which is available on one of our local
newspapers, sacb.com, has audio of the whole thing, and you listen to the DJs kind of going
like, wow, you've got a really big belly, and knowing the result, you can't help but
feel like, whoa, they were way too bold for the whole thing.
My whole point is that anything that's going to affect the body, you really, really need
to understand what the risks are before you decide to do it.
That's my point.
It came out more harshly than I intended it to, but I think, and I'm not saying anyone
deserves to die, but I'm saying that if you die of your own ignorance, then that is on
you.
I'm sorry.
But they did have, and I think that they should have been more than fired.
I think they really need to stand trial for it.
But I think that those that were in charge of the contest, they had a duty to make sure
that the risks were put out there.
I guess for the people who don't have common knowledge of this.
All right.
Well, we could talk for hours and hours about this.
Hell, we did on Wednesday's show.
We talked for at least an hour about this.
But in the interest of getting more news, I'm directly involved with gaming.
We do want to move on.
We do welcome your emails and voicemails on this topic, but please keep in mind, since
this is a controversial issue, we're probably not going to get to read everything we get
on it.
But we do welcome your thoughts.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com or our voicemail, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Let's move on and talk about some news that is definitely directly about gaming.
Who's got something for us?
I do.
All right.
We're going to talk about some dates here.
We had a lot piling up actually in the last two weeks and even some stuff we announced
on the site a little bit, but yet no one seems to be picking up on that.
Lots of stuff being announced this week, especially on all the big sites.
They were announcing a crazy taxi for the PSP, not a big surprise, and that's coming
June 13th.
Some other stuff, Two Worlds, the PS3 version, I guess, is being delayed to October 10th
and then the Xbox 360 one will be coming out in May on the 16th.
So that's some stuff that we probably already knew about.
However, there are a lot of things that many people haven't heard about yet and some stuff
that's a little bit surprising.
First off here, we've got a bunch of no-brainer titles like a new bunch of movie-based stuff.
Ratatouille for pretty much every system out there except for the original Xbox to tie
in with the upcoming Pixar movie.
Of course, we've got Surf's Up also tying with the new movie coming out and that's coming
out in May.
What's interesting though, beyond all that stuff and like Spider-Man 3 and Transformers
and Shrek the Third, we do have some interesting stuff like Dog Island.
I don't know if you remember when they were first showing off the Wii stuff in Japan.
I thought it was a Hudson game but it's basically that character, the dog, where they have the
super giant heads, kind of almost like, I don't know, some sort of toy thing over there.
That's coming out on PlayStation 2 and the Wii, May 23rd, which is kind of interesting.
Some bigger stuff though, Final Fantasy Fables, Chocable Tales, that's going to be coming
out on the DS April 25th.
Dawn of Mana, finally making its way out to the PlayStation 2, that's May 15th.
And then of course Guitar Hero 2 for the 360 is going to be coming out at the end of March
on the 28th and that's pretty big.
And then some other interesting stuff, Motorstorm, MLB 07 The Show, and God of War 2 have all
been delayed a month to March 14th now.
So that's kind of interesting.
Same with F.E.A.R. also got delayed to that time.
And then of course the big one that we announced on the site, Dark Messiah of Might and Magic
has been announced for the Xbox 360 and I know that was something that was being rumored
to have happened ever since, actually before the 360 even came out, so it's kind of interesting
there.
And let's see, and then other interesting stuff, Samurai Slash, which would be Samurai
Warriors, the Koei game, coming to the Wii and that's going to be May 16th.
Fatal Inertia, Blade Storm, also coming out on the 360 and the PlayStation 3, April 18th,
which Koei actually came out and officially said Summer, but April 18th is more accurate.
Kane and Lynch, now this one I'm kind of shaking my head with, because I thought it was PlayStation
3 and the 360, but we have an announcement for PlayStation 2 and the 360, so I don't know,
but that's interesting.
June 20th for that one, and then that's probably all the big stuff I would say.
Just lots of dates.
I'm going to post more on that under the radar thread though, if you want to check out the
details there.
You should be posting some of that to the front page, really.
I've not heard of God of War being pushed back, that's news to me.
Of course, I haven't been following for that story very closely.
This one's kind of cool too, Senko no Rondo, for the 360, it's an Ikaruga style shooter.
That's coming out May 16th as well, so yeah, lots of big stuff.
Alright, well thanks for the insight, how about some, what's coming out next week?
Yeah, not much, not much of anything actually.
Next week is a bunch of portable games, and that's pretty much it.
Let's see here, I know we've got the, what is it, Hotel 219, 213, my mistake.
That's going to be coming out on the DS.
Miggletop, you've been talking to me about this game a lot today, why are you so excited
about it?
There's a lot of people that do Trace Memory, and I love Trace Memory for the two hours
that you get to play it for, and it's just like a film noir looking, oh it's 215, it's
just like a film noir thing where you're like some detective guy and you hold your DS like
book style.
Like brain training?
Yeah, and it's just an adventure game, it's great.
Okay.
And other stuff on the PSP, Legend of Heroes 3, Song of the Ocean, which is another edition
of the RPG series, Inuyasha Secret of the Divine Jewel on the DS, Sid Meier's Pirates
on the PSP, and then some PC stuff, of course we've got Europa Universal's 3, another strategy
game, and Alien Shooter Vengeance on the PC, and then Sam and Max Episode 3, The Mole,
The Mob, and The Meatball.
More episodic content for you.
Alright.
Well, I have our UK release dates, if anybody is interested.
On the 26th coming out is Arthur and the Minimoys on DS PC, PSP and GBA and PlayStation 2, Pro
Evolution Soccer 6 on DS, Star Fox Command on DS, World Snooker, it says Snooker, Championship
2007 on PSP by Sega, SOCOM US Navy Seals combined assault on PlayStation 2, and SOCOM US Navy
Seals Fire Team Bravo 2 on PSP, and Wild Arms XF, those last three are all on the 27th,
and Wild Arms XF is pretty cool.
So those are coming out.
Very cool.
You know, speaking of UK, you know our opening story, the controversial one this evening,
you know how I knew that was big news?
When I saw it on BBC News, that's when I was like, wow, if you didn't know about the don't
drink water and don't go to the bathroom thing before, you sure as hell will now, everybody
in the world will know it.
It's something else, especially when people are making jokes about it, and they can't
revert back to that story, got to move on to dates, because the folks in Japan want
to know what's coming out over there.
Even if you don't live in Japan, certainly the things that come out in Japan typically
will come out here a little later, or sometimes vice versa when the title came out in America
first, such as The Godfather, which is now making its way over to Japan on Xbox 360 on
January 25th, also coming out The Idolmaster on 360, and Vampire's Reign from AQ Interactive,
another title getting localized for Japan from its US release, WWE Smackdown vs. Raw,
coming out from THQ this week in Japan.
Over on PlayStation 3, Enchanted Arms, or as they call it in Japan, Enchant Arm, coming
out January 25th, so it should be interesting to see how that compares to the 360 version.
We'll hear a little more about that this week.
Also moving on to the Nintendo Wii, there's a Mahjong title, Mahjong Takai Wii, coming
out from Koei Entertainment on the 25th in Japan.
Over on the PlayStation 2, you get Final Fantasy X International and Final Fantasy X-2 International
moving into the Ultimate Hits, that just basically means they get a little bit cheaper.
But a big, big title, maybe not so much in Japan as it was here, but Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas is coming out.
I thought this was interesting from Capcom over in Japan, so it's kind of interesting
how things kind of shift around to get releases other places, because that happens sometimes.
Capcom also releasing Hyper Street Fighter II, the anniversary collection, and also another
big, big title coming out for folks who listen to this program I know for a long time, Dance
Dance Revolution Supernova finally getting its Japanese release on the 25th of January.
And also coming out for the PS2, its own version of SmackDown vs. Raw, and I like this title.
For Marvelous Entertainment, you're getting Kuji Biki Ambulance coming out.
Also a Naruto title, Naruto Team at Hero 3 moves into the best collection, because Naruto
titles, I guess, sell like crazy.
I don't know, I've never played one.
On the Nintendo DS, Biohazard Deadly Silence moves into the best price, which, sorry, Deadly
Silence, did I say Death Science?
Biohazard, of course, is Resident Evil.
And P-Cross DS comes out from Nintendo itself over on the Nintendo DS, also another game
coming out from Nintendo.
Wish Room, Tenshi no Kyoku, coming out this week in Japan.
Is that just the hotel game localized over there?
Oh, great.
And this is pretty cool, Dark Soccer, you'll like this.
Coming out on the PSP, Parodius Portable makes its way to the PSP.
I know you're a big fan of Parodius.
That was like, wasn't that the Parodius collection or something?
I believe it is.
I believe it is.
I love Parodius!
Oh, it's interesting.
Well, yeah, and also the Salamander collection, Salamander Portable is coming out this week
as well.
We're just talking about Salamander and Life Force 2 this morning.
And Gradius moves into the best, so a big week if you're a Gradius fan over in Japan.
So while it may be a slow week here in the U.S. and U.K., it's a busy week over there
in Japan.
I'd like to mention, though, this week they did announce, or it was on all the other sites
out there, that Driver was making its way to the Wii.
I just thought that was funny as well.
And that's what you had mentioned here on this program about five weeks ago, right?
Yeah, something like that.
I'm just curious.
You know, we do report a lot of these dates and no one seems to pick up onto it until
there is an official press release, so I told you so.
Shadow Charlie seems to enjoy Parodius as well.
Parodius has some badass music, says Shadow Charlie.
And Shadow Charlie also wants to know, is DDR Universe out yet?
And the answer is no.
So those that were thinking it's coming out in January, looks like it really was March.
After all, Loki wins again.
Well, we have a little bit more news as far as things that are going to be playable this
year.
The Final Fantasy XIII demo is due out.
They said ready for E3 in 2007.
I'm not sure which one I guess they mean, because given that there's multiple Final
Fantasy XIIIs going on, two of them going on with Squeenix, I'm not sure if they mean
both or just one or the other of them.
They should do 13 versions of that, you know, that would make sense.
They probably will eventually.
That would make me cry.
We've already got, what, 13 versions of Final Fantasy VII, practically.
I don't even feel like counting.
Or 13 versions of Final Fantasy I, as we're going to find out later in the program.
But at any rate, the two are going to...
I love Latin, fabula nova crystallis, that just sounds cool, the new tale of the crystal.
Pretty cool.
Kind of interesting, especially when folks are saying that the PlayStation 3 really needs
like its big title right now.
So it's kind of interesting how this Final Fantasy XIII news is kind of slowly leaking
out, right?
Well, you know what they need?
It's just like Final Fantasy VII for the PlayStation.
I mean, hell, I bought that system for that game.
That's true.
I did not buy a PlayStation until Final Fantasy VII.
And you know what, I have to admit, Final Fantasy XIII, especially depending on this
demo after I play the demo, will probably be the thing that finally breaks me to get
a PlayStation 3.
Because I'm the only OLR host that doesn't own one.
But I'm poor.
Anyways, so more on Final Fantasy XIII.
It's been leaked out by Famitsu and Dengeki.
Some stuff they're talking about, I guess, from the playable demo, including apparently
it's going to have a really awesome opening scene that says probably the most intense
in the Final Fantasy series, which seems to be like every other game does that.
And then, of course, they were talking about, I guess, one of the main characters, the blonde
guy that you see in all the trailers.
Apparently it's going to be pretty big.
He's going to be large enough to run around carrying two people.
And they said his shoe size will be 33 centimeters.
I wonder what the fuck that's supposed to mean.
Who gives a shit about fictional characters' shoe sizes?
I guess that means his penis is going to be huge too.
But whatever.
So hopefully we'll get some more important information on Final Fantasy XIII coming soon,
other than shoe sizes.
We need bust sizes.
That's what we need.
Where's that information?
Well, I'm definitely looking forward to more and more information on Final Fantasy XIII.
Being the self-confessed Final Fantasy fanboy I am, I'm personally very excited for all
the latest.
We'll see hopefully more in the next few weeks.
More things that Japan is seeing is apparently PlayStation 3.
Sony put out a release this week that says they have sold one million of the machines.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Wait.
Key difference here.
They have shipped one million machines in Japan.
Sorry there.
I'm so tired of these.
See, I almost fell for the trick there.
That's what they're trying to get you to think.
I am so tired of these fucking companies doing this shit.
Oh, we've shipped them.
Good for you.
I've taken a shit too.
I mean, do you want news on that too?
I mean, seriously, so you shipped that many.
Why don't they say they've manufactured that many or thought about manufacturing that many?
It should be interesting to note that Sony only actually sold about 470,000 at the end
of 2006.
That was their year's end sale figure.
So it's kind of interesting that this release comes out now and says, oh, we've actually
shipped a million.
So does that mean that half of them are sitting on shelves?
They're shitting on the seashore.
I've got dyslexia of the mouth today.
I don't know what it is.
I'm combining words that don't need to be combined.
I don't know what's wrong today.
I apologize, folks.
Amateur radio at its finest.
Maybe this is why we don't get paid to do what we do.
Should you have a half a million of them sitting on the store shelves or have they moved a
whole bunch in the last two weeks that they've now shipped more to compensate for that?
I don't really know.
You have to understand.
They've moved more units to the stores to allow for more elaborate towers to be made
out of the units that no one's buying, including castles and the traditional Christmas tree
tower type thing.
It should be noted that now they have achieved their goal of shipping two million units worldwide
about two weeks late from the deadline, but keep in mind that was a goal that got smaller
and smaller before the PS3's release.
Wasn't there gold to sell that many units?
I don't know.
So now they're saying six million at the end of March they will ship.
I'm glad to see that they were able to hit their twice-adjusted goal two weeks late.
Way to go, Sony.
Hey, look, I don't write it.
I just report on it.
There you go.
I don't know what else to tell you.
I know what else to tell people.
What's that?
Apparently, it's been listed that the PlayStation 3 is going to be more expensive in Ireland,
and I don't know why.
It was actually listed on This Is Living that the price of the PlayStation 3 in Ireland
is going to be 629.99 euros instead of the announced stuff, 5.99.
The speculation is that it actually is going to be an increase all over Europe, but just
that Ireland got the update first.
I really hope that it's not true, that they keep it the 5.99 because that's going to piss
off a lot of people.
I heard it was because of the higher VAT prices in Ireland.
Now Seisha is one of our UK listeners, and he's in chat right now saying it's not just
Ireland but the entirety of the UK as well.
Has Sony even officially confirmed anything?
We still don't have a firm date for the UK, do we?
They've confirmed non-confirmation.
So does this mean we don't really know anything, or what's it boiled down to?
It means that they're shipping units some day, some amount.
Actually, there is a posted update.
That's exactly why it did increase.
For the rest of everybody else, it's going to be 5.99 for the 60 and 4.25 for the...
Damn you Ireland, setting the bar for everyone else.
Just buy the 20.
You really don't need the 60.
Really?
I have the 60.
It's on HDMI.
So is HDMI that important, what do you guys think?
It's on both units.
I thought that was a big thing, that it wasn't going to be on the 20 gig.
Yeah, then they changed that.
Really?
Yeah, it's on both units.
I didn't get that memo.
Oh, it's still stupid.
I have the 60 and I like it.
Oh, we'll see.
I don't know.
I'm running out of room on the 360 with the 20 gig, so maybe I want...
Well, you can always upgrade, remember?
Nah, we'll see.
I don't know.
Of course, those hard drives, the two and a half inch SATA drives are fucking expensive,
but whatever.
I have no decision on what I want to do yet.
I'm too poor.
I know that much.
But you know, one reason you might want to upgrade that 2.5 inch SATA drive in your PS3
is to run MythTV on it, because if you install the second operating system or Linux on your
other partition, there is actually a way now to get MythTV to run.
Using a USB TV tuner and a wonderful set of homemade drivers for it, you too can run the
wonderful TVR software to be able to record your favorite shows and dump them onto your
hopefully larger hard drive, so that's pretty cool.
And I don't know.
I might try that, since I don't really have room on my other drive, although I need to
get a capture card for that, but hey, that's great.
Well, from one TV-enabled system to another, let's go over to Microsoft IPTV.
Of course, this was announced at CES, and details are starting to fill in.
I have a lengthy quote here from the Microsoft TV site of what exactly this thing does.
Quote, Microsoft IPTV edition is an integrated and comprehensive software platform developed
specifically to deliver broadcast quality video and new integrated TV services over
broadband networks.
The platform combines market-leading features such as instant channel change, ICC, and multiple
picture-in-picture with traditional TV services such as broadcast, programming, VOD, and DVR.
The software is developed to integrate seamlessly and economically with other IP-based communications
and media services for PCs, phones, and other consumer devices.
Microsoft IPTV edition is ideal for telecommunications carriers and for cable operators looking to
deliver differentiated TV services and experiences.
And for what I've been picking else out there on the Internet, it does sound like if you
want to have this, this is not just something you're going to simply download it or just
plug on to your Xbox 360 and boom, you get TV through your 360.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You're going to have to switch up your cable provider who therefore will also provide your
Internet and so on and so on.
You're really going to have to make an adjustment change when it comes to how your services
such as Internet and TV are provided in your house.
If people are thinking, oh, this is just some cool little enhancement of 360, it's a little
more than that.
It kind of makes me think almost like Microsoft is now becoming like a rival to satellite
in a way.
I don't know.
Maybe that's a little bit far-fetched.
It's not the best way to phrase it.
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
Is this something you might be interested in checking out?
I want to check it out, definitely.
Would you make that change?
Would you get rid of what you have now for this?
What I have?
Yeah.
Cable is fucking too expensive.
If it had some good programming on it, hell yeah.
If it had everything, although I imagine IPTV doesn't probably have everything, yeah, it
might have some specific channels.
If anything, it would be a good addition to if not replacing my current TV, although my
current TV is expensive and I hate it.
I'm looking at some comments from Chat Room, chat.orangelunge.com.
Black Boy says, basically the 360 becomes a cable box.
I guess that's one way you can think of it.
I think it's a waste.
This is Microsoft doing the Trojan horse thing and they've openly admitted that they did
not put out the 360 to do just gaming and now it sounds to me like cable versus satellite
versus the 360.
Or you can do what I do and that's not watch TV and get a life.
You watch Doctor Who.
I download it off the internet, watch it at my convenience and then go outside.
So there is some television you watch, at least one thing.
But I don't use my television.
And Torchwood, you watch that too.
I don't need cable.
But with the IPTV, granted you don't live in the UK, if there were any U.S. shows that
you watched, I know they re-brought Heroes tomorrow.
At all worth watching on television in the United States.
Are you going to watch Heroes tomorrow with Doctor Nine?
Probably not actually.
I'm going to be in school.
Let me down.
I'll watch the other episodes and then watch that at my own convenience.
All right.
All right, whatever.
There's no way we move over.
The thing is I don't see why people are so obsessed with television anyway.
People get obsessed over movies.
Silent Hill, Jamie.
I saw it four times and then they saw it.
So it's just another type of entertainment.
It was another thing that was at my convenience.
I think if I got anything for TV, I'd definitely have a DVR, but other than that.
And then that's kind of what IPTV is, DVR, video on demand, all that crap.
I just don't think that we need anything else contributing to the couch potato mentality.
But there are educational things on TV.
Heck, over at Loki's last night we were watching on Discovery Health, this whole special on
people going through transgender surgery.
And there was this post-op chick who was walking around with a shirt off on the beach, looked
just like a dude.
Very educational.
Very educational.
There's also make YouTube that has all that on it too.
And I can go to school.
Something else I wanted to mention.
Somebody was saying they weren't interested.
JV Mon in chat says, IPTV seems unattractive to me.
I feel like I don't know enough about it yet.
I realize CES is kind of a very high level thing for tech heads and things of that nature.
I need a brochure that's dumbed down for me to explain exactly what I'm going to have
to change and what I'm going to have to pay to get this and why I should do it.
But again, for me it comes down to channels.
If it had some pretty good HD channels, because that's what my current cable provider is severely
lacking is we have like five HD channels and there's way more out there.
I know there's others out there and HD is pretty.
Raven's Dolphin agrees with the YouTube thing.
Long live YouTube.
There you go.
Moving on, we watched YouTube last night on the Wii and laser cats.
We were watching Jesus Christ Super Cop today on the Wii.
They were watching some spider video where somebody dubbed over one of those Discovery
Channel things on spiders and made it sound like one spider got a restraining order on
the other.
I don't know.
I only watched like five minutes.
What happens when spiders are on drugs?
So how about some Halo?
Yeah, how about some Halo?
They have actually released some details about the assault rifle, which I guess some people
care about.
The assault rifle in Halo 3 is the MA-5C assault rifle that is a return of one that they removed
from Halo 2.
They didn't have any Halo 2.
The power level is going to be somewhere between the original one and the BR-55 battle rifle
from Halo 2.
You can use the butt as a melee weapon apart from that.
Just the thing that I thought was very funny is how they described it was the MA-5C is
built like a breakout house with Venetian blinds.
That just made me laugh.
Are you going to play some Halo 3 Dark Sakura?
No, get motion sick.
But you get to blow stuff up?
Yeah, I can play Bomberman.
I don't know.
The thing is that I really don't have to play these games because Dan plays them and I could
go read a book and hear the explosions while I'm reading my book.
I get the best of both worlds.
Sometimes I wonder why you're on this program, but then I remember there are those cutesy
games that you are into that none of the rest of us have heard of, so I guess there's that.
The Halo franchise really isn't that bad.
It's just that it's not my thing.
That's understandable because I know a lot of people who aren't into Halo, but me?
I've been getting back into Halo 2 lately.
I did try.
If somebody I know is into a game, I think that it's worth playing once before I reserve
my judgment for it, but I have the same problem with that that I found out a long time ago
that I have with Goldeneye with almost any first person shooter.
It makes me so motion sick that I can't.
Katamari makes me motion sick.
However, it's on crack and has enough in it that makes me be able to stand playing a couple
of games.
Can you imagine how insane Katamari would be if the Sonic team was behind it?
That would be super fast.
No, because they'd fuck it up.
Oh, that's right.
You wouldn't be able to control it correctly.
Exactly.
No, no, no, no.
I think the Sonic team debate will go for another show.
Anywho, as if it's a huge surprise or anything, because I know it's not for me.
The Halo 3 beta, since it's being included in Crackdown, well, they've sold about another
25% more of Crackdown than they would have normally had.
Yeah, big surprise there.
People aren't going to buy Crackdown just because of the Halo 3 beta in there.
To be honest though, Crackdown's an awesome game.
The demo's coming out on Tuesday, so I highly recommend checking it out if you have Xbox
Live, definitely worth it.
As Loki previously reported, Major Nelson confirmed that Crackdown demo will be hitting
Xbox Live on Tuesday, and Loki gets a big finger from me for stealing my story.
Thanks a lot.
Check it out, Tuesday at 2 o'clock Pacific Time.
But I guess I could take this opportunity to point out, he doesn't often announce demos
in advance, so usually they announce them once they've already hit or news leaks out
and most Microsoft rumors are true anyway, so I don't know.
But regardless, since I don't know much about Crackdown, but I keep hearing Loki rave about
it, which is fascinating because he's never played it, I definitely want to check out
the demo.
It's like Grand Theft Auto, but okay, here's why Crackdown's awesome.
It's like Grand Theft Auto, but you're like a super-powered hero guy, and basically you
can, for example, kill somebody, throw them in the air, fire rockets, and juggle them
off the rockets in the air.
You can get achievements for that, by the way.
You can jump from buildings, you know, building to building, you can throw cars at people.
When you get into a car, it becomes like the super-charged Batmobile type thing.
Can you sleep with a hooker, then shoot them?
I don't know if you can sleep with hookers.
Not interested.
But you can probably throw hookers in the buildings, and that's just as cool.
Okay, now my interest is back, we'll see.
It's got two-player co-op over live.
Okay, alright.
See, that would be fun.
I will check out the demo just for you, Loki, and give my thoughts on next week's edition.
We'll play multiplayer.
Alright, will the demo have multiplayer?
Yes.
Oh, sweet!
I'm all about that.
Can I throw you into a building?
Because I've been wanting to do that for a long time.
Maybe.
Alright!
Sign me up!
I should pre-order it tomorrow.
Then I can be in the Halo 3 beta, like all the cool kids.
You can be in the cool kids club for lots of other things, Rob.
Like what?
Um, like your idea for getting fast passes while we were in the line for Space Mountain.
So we could ride it again?
Yeah, I know.
And then getting fast passes for when we go back for my birthday.
I'm smart.
I'm smart like that.
Well, here's some cool stuff.
For anyone who is into Luminous Live, there will be three goodies coming out on Wednesday.
It's actually three downloadable packages that are going to be available January 24th
at 1 a.m. Pacific time.
Two of them are add-on packs, and then there's one for free, but only for Xbox Live Gold
members.
That would be the Heavenly Star pack.
Yes, which I am so, you know, I would get Luminous Live just to get the Heavenly Star
pack.
Yes, and this gives me another excuse to play this song on our little program here, a little
clip from it, because I freaking love this song, and I think it's going to be awesome
to play.
That's what I called it.
I put it on my Micey.
Oh, somebody in chat is saying there's new...
Alpha Canagram says, I want the new Genki Rockets remixes on iTunes.
What?
What?
I have iTunes open right now.
I'm going to look at that crap.
Rob, show.
I do not see remixes on iTunes.
This is lies.
Lies.
Maybe they're in the UK store or something.
Show.
I don't know.
I do want to go back and read some chat comments, some other things in chat.
Jeremy Todd 1 was saying about the Crackdown demo, Loki, some people who have played it
were saying it's more like Spiderman 2 or that Hulk Ultimate Destruction game more than
GTA.
And Blaze says, this is how the demo is going to go down.
Loki kills everything, Rob goes and picks a flower.
Look, screw you, buddy, okay?
Look, no.
No.
When I played the Superman Returns demo, which the only thing I got a thrill out of in that
demo was I went and I picked up a woman and then I flew to the beach and left her and
I was like, bye, bitch.
I flew away.
My favorite was that.
If you don't think I can be sadistic in those types of games, you are way wrong.
You got the wrong impression of me, buddy.
You missed the best part in the game, though.
You pick up a car and you fly really high because you can't really blow up the car.
You could drop the car, though, and then it just falls and explodes.
Really?
I should re-download the demo just to do that.
It's hilarious.
I'm not going to buy the game.
Do you get achievements, maybe, for that because maybe I could gamefly it or something.
I need to get a gamefly account.
It's one of those companies.
I don't know if I'll go with them.
It's a horrible, horrible game, but anyways, one game that's not so horrible, although
some people may think it's horrible, is this game called Boom Boom Rocket, which is being
put out by Bazaar.
It resembles very closely Phantom Vision and actually almost looks like kind of DDR across
with Phantom Vision.
I'm not sure how you would play the game.
I don't know.
It looks pretty awesome.
You basically will be blowing up fireworks to time with ten original tracks that they're
going to be having.
It's going to be published by EA and hopefully it will be downloadable soon.
So I don't know.
It looks pretty cool from the screenshots I've seen of it so far.
It looks pretty sexy.
I don't know.
I heard it just looks like Phantom Vision.
Oh, there's actual screenshots of it now?
It looks just like Phantom Vision and kind of like DDR.
Oh, it does look kind of like DDR.
Oh, Jamie can't see.
Oh, that looks fun.
Show it to Jamie.
She can't see.
Ooh, explodey.
Oh, Miklotov's excited about this?
I love Phantom Vision.
I think I'm the only person in the world who got the biggest kick out of it.
I still have Phantom Vision.
It's the best.
It was the best launch title and that looks just like it and I can't wait now.
It really does look like DDR because there's like this kind of a purple line towards the
top of the screen and there's actual looks like the, you know, bursts from the fireworks
going up instead of you maybe clicking on them or whatever.
They have arrows on them so I think you have to maybe point in the direction of the arrow
or something like kind of like DDR and it'll blow them up in time.
That's my guess.
JV Monn called it.
JV Monn said, that will make Miklotov happy.
You must talk to him a lot offline or something.
All right.
Before we get to the next story, I just want to point this out.
I wanted to do a quick follow up here on the last story.
What I thought was interesting is that somebody pointed me to the MySpace for Genkai Rockets
who does Heavenly Star and apparently it is announced on there that there will be five
different remixes of Heavenly Star coming soon and they have a clip.
I'm assuming this is one of them.
Ah, forget it, that's just some clip from the radio.
Why did they put that on their MySpace?
Live radio boys and girls, sorry, I didn't know what I was clicking on but they do say
on the MySpace it's written here, five different remixes of Heavenly Star coming soon.
Why would they put that clip from a radio show because they want to show that Genkai
Rockets is awesome?
Why don't they put an MP3 copy of it or something, something that doesn't sound like recorded
off radio?
Do you think we could get Genkai Rockets on the show?
Do you think they speak English?
Maybe.
I'm going to fire off an email.
I'm going to send a message on MySpace.
They sing in English.
We'll see what happens.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Well anyway, speaking of popular music games such as Fantavision and this Boom Boom Rocket
thing coming up, one very uber popular music game folks have been following is Guitar Hero.
We got a lot of Guitar Hero news for you guys tonight and this story is very interesting.
Apparently what's happening now that Activision has acquired Red Octane which happened some
time ago, apparently what's happening is that the Guitar Hero franchise is now moving over
to the Neversoft branch who makes Tony Hawk's Project 8 and this is confirmed by a screenshot
from Neversoft's website where you see Guitar Hero side by side with Tony Hawk's Project
8.
So it does look like now Guitar Hero 3 will be developed by this Neversoft company.
Apparently now this frees up harmonics to work on a rumored sequel to Frequency and
Amplitude but as we learned about on a previous program, they were going to put one out on
the PSP and it got, I guess, canned.
So I don't know what they're working on now.
Must be top secret.
Who knows?
Well, there is actually something interesting going on though.
Activision registered trademarks for two new games, Guitar Villain and Drum Villain.
The applications are stating that they're both the same thing, computer game software,
downloadable software for use in connection with computer games, entertainment services.
It seems to me that I think that they're really going to be expanding the franchise.
And both of those applications also said that they'd be using toy guitars for video games,
toys designed to be used for computer games or video games.
The drum one sounds interesting.
I'm thinking sort of like what Session Mode was for Drum Mania but also we need to keep
in mind in April last year Red Octane placed applications to trademark Drum Hero and Keyboard
Hero.
So...
I haven't seen anything from those yet.
No, but it could be...
But it is interesting that Konami, who did the Bimani series, had a Guitar Freaks, Drum
Mania, and Keyboard Mania.
So it's almost kind of mirror image.
That's all right.
They'll win their awards for Drum Hero and Keyboard Hero and Band Hero and whatever else.
It's so innovative.
I've never seen that before.
Ever.
You know what?
Konami abandoned Keyboard Mania, therefore I am all about bringing on the Keyboard Hero.
That's fine.
That's fine.
It's fine.
That's optional.
If they can put jump in Keyboard Hero, do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do, tell me not everyone would want to play that.
Van Halen.
Session Van Halen.
That would be awesome.
Hello?
All right.
Sorry.
What the hell would they do with Guitar Villains anyway?
Were there any Guitar Villains?
Maybe be like Death Metal Edition.
Whatever.
I don't know.
I just hope they don't really come out and try to say it's original.
But what's good about music games though, the sales have been up about 80% probably
due to the fact of Guitar Hero 2 coming out since it was one of the top selling games
in December.
Not a huge surprise, but a lot of people are starting to actually look at music games as
possibly a way to get their music heard, including some quotes from former Jane's Addiction
and Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist Dave Navarro, to be featured in a video game is probably
the greatest way to reach a large audience right now.
I'm not really surprised with good games like Guitar Hero 2 coming out, they're getting
a lot more attention than say DDR, because DDR right now, not really that much innovation
going on.
I will say as much as I love and adore Konami for bringing over Beatmania and DDR, I think
this kind of proves they didn't put enough faith in it in the beginning.
Now that the games have taken off, other people are getting the credit for it in a way.
Obviously the guitar game has been reinvented since then, but I think Konami might be kicking
themselves a little bit for not taking a bigger risk and bringing more of those games over
here a few years ago.
You know, I'm really surprised that with Guitar Hero's success that they haven't jumped to
try to bring drum here.
Give it time, you never know what might happen.
We will see I guess.
Yeah, supposedly they're having a big press conference pretty soon, Konami, and apparently
we get to go, so we'll have all the latest for you.
Apparently.
Hopefully.
Hopefully we don't get turned down.
So we'll have all the latest for you guys here on this program when that happens, which
is in a couple weeks.
Talking now about the Wii a little bit, because you know one reason that people play dance
games is to lose weight, and one thing that has people excited about the Wii is it's got
you up and moving around, so can you really lose weight playing the Wii?
And you know my kind of reaction when I saw it was like, well not a lot, you're not doing
that much motion.
You're not supposed to do these grand huge motions, you're only supposed to do little
motions with your hand and all that stuff.
This website did this Wii Sports experiment, and apparently what they've done here is that
they did a 30 day trial of playing the game.
They ran, I think they played for 30 days for 30 minutes, and the dude lost like 10
pounds.
Without changing any diet or anything.
No, I'm sorry, it was six weeks.
He didn't change any diet or nothing, and in 30 minutes of Wii Sports a day, he lost
10 pounds.
I would say that's just probably a result of being more active in general, just kind
of getting the body moving and waking up the muscles and things, probably a little bit.
That's probably it, I mean it's just an increase in activity.
If anything I would consider a low impact aerobic.
Yeah, it's better than nothing.
So you know, cool on that.
And that's probably something I need to go on because I've gained a little weight lately
and I need to lose it, so maybe I'll go on the Wii diet as well.
Because you know, WarioWare has kind of a mode in it that is encouraging the whole weight
loss thing.
They have a mode that is nothing but games that require big movements.
So it's supposed to be a game that really gets you moving around, and I just need to
play more DDR.
You're just going to go to the gym.
And I do need to just go to the gym, but you know my thing with gyms.
Gyms are weird places.
You can come with me and Extra for on Tuesday.
I'll think about it.
We'll talk off air.
Maybe we'll have a play date, we'll see.
Only if we get to, never mind.
If we get to go out for ice cream afterwards.
Okay, let's get ice cream after the gym.
That works for me.
That's the kind of reward I need.
All right, anyway, one reward we like to give our listeners is reading the stuff they have
to write to us on air.
And tonight we have our lovely mailbag segment.
DarkSakura reads the emails that you send to her at mailbag.orangelaungerator.com live
here on the air.
And I believe we probably have an Uber mailbag segment tonight, don't we?
We probably have a lot.
Decent.
Once I got rid of the spam, we had a few.
All right.
Well, let's get to some emails, because I know we probably missed a few while we were
out and I want to hear what the folks had to say.
So DarkSakura, who emailed us?
First email of the night was from Rini.
Salutations.
I love when an email starts with salutations.
That's just awesome.
Okay, listen to your last two podcasts of 2006 and we'd like to respond to some items
of interest.
On your Christmas Eve episode, someone asked why iTunes keeps inexplicably stopping downloads.
As much as it pisses me off as well, the only remedy I can offer to iTunes users when you're
downloading a podcast, make sure that not only is iTunes in the front most or active
application, but that you keep iTunes in its downloads feature up front as well.
You do this by starting a download in iTunes, choosing downloads on the sidebar to the left
of the iTunes window.
Okay.
And since iTunes is already being pissy enough as it is, if you end up with an incomplete
podcast, delete the incomplete file, go on to the podcast section of iTunes and click
on the Orange Dodge Radio item, the one with the gray iTunes window, click unsubscribe
and then click subscribe.
After you've recovered from doing all that, iTunes will have refreshed the list of all
shows from the feed and immediately start downloading the latest show automatically.
You know what's also great about that?
The more people that click subscribe, the higher our ranking goes on iTunes.
You're also inadvertently helping the station out, so I love this tactic.
Kudos to Renee.
Regarding your end of the year show, I would like to say that Scott Rubin was quite pissed
that he wasn't invited.
Rebuttal?
He would have been a great guest.
You know, Scott, I left the message on Scott's Xbox Live friends list and he befriended me,
so his loss.
No, I'm just kidding.
The reason we picked the people we did is we wanted to get a mix of people that we have
on the show a lot like Bobby and people we hadn't had on the show before but respected
like VGO and Gamertag Radio and those other things.
Scott knows he's welcome on the show any time he wants, so Scott, if you're still feeling
butthurt about not being on the show, send us an email, we'd love to have you on any
time.
Lastly, I don't believe it was reported on OLR, but the classic CD-ROM trivia game You
Don't Know Jack semi-returns in web form at YouDon'tKnowJack.com.
Currently questions only come in the form of Dis or Dat minigames.
The best parts are that a new Dis or Dat is available daily holidays, too, and one of
the original hosts, I mean, Cookie, is present.
Curiously, the site is also in beta form.
Have a happy new year and keep on going, Reenie.
Uh, yeah, I looked at the You Don't Know Jack's website and played some of the Dis or Dat.
Dude, it's free and it's You Don't Know Jack.
Hello?
Why aren't you playing?
Go take a look.
It's awesome.
Um, anyway, uh, moving forward, um, we have one from AZHP.
Hey, guys, you, um, all were talking about Ikaruga, Radiant Silver Gun, and the possibility
of RS2 on 360.
Just having gotten Ikaruga, um, as a Christmas present for my girlfriend, I wanted to know
what other games has Treasure made, especially games that were on systems in the realm of
virtual console games.
I have my Wii and I'm an absolute, uh, VC game whore.
Not because I played the games in my youth, I'm 18 and in college, but because my paltry
$4 a week allowance didn't allow me to buy many $70 games in my youth.
That being said, uh, virtual console is a haven for, uh, shrimp fans, as I have Gunstar
Heroes, Superstar Soldiers, Soldier Blade, and R-Type and Love Them All, and I'm eagerly,
um, anticipating downloading Gradius as soon as I load up more points.
So basically, what Treasure games are there that could possibly make their way to virtual
console?
Eagerly waiting an answer, sincerely AZHP.
And I actually emailed back with, um, a list, and, um, give me a second and I will definitely
pull up the list that I did.
Um, okay, here are the list of games that Treasure has made.
Um, for Arcados, Ikaruga, Radiant Silver Gun, Dreamcastles, Bongayo, Ikaruga, Game Boy Advance
was Advance Guardian Heroes, Astro Boy Omega Factor, Gunstar Super Heroes, Hajimino Ippo
the Fighting, Tiny Toon Adventures, Buster's Bad Dream, I just totally don't see that coming
out on virtual console.
Game Boy Color was Tiny Toon Adventures, Dizzy's Candy Quest, Game Gear was Dynamite Headdy,
Gunstar Heroes, GameCube was Dragon Drive, D Master Shot, Ikaruga, Wario World, Genesis,
Alien Soldier, Dynamite Headdy, Gunstar Heroes, Light Crusader, McDonald's Treasure Land Adventure,
which I totally don't see coming on virtual console, and Yu Yu Hakusho, Makio, Toitsusen,
sorry, um, and then I.Q.
Sin and Punishment, Successor to the Earth, Master System had Dynamite Headdy, um, Nintendo
64 was Baccarat, this is just a bunch that came out, basically Mission Makers, Bongayo,
we had some Bleach games, um, Rakugaki Showtime, Silhouette Mirage, um, basically the games
that I see coming out, um, I think that if they start expanding past, um, the 16-bit
era, which I kind of hope that they do, we might start seeing some of the Saturn 2D ones
out, I would love to see Radiant Silver Gun and Guardian Heroes and Silhouette Mirage
coming out.
The Saturn games on virtual console, huh, you really think we get Saturn games on virtual
console?
But I don't see why we wouldn't get some of the, the, the sprite-based ones.
Maybe on, I'm gonna say it here and now, I bet you anything in the next three years Nintendo
announces a Wii HD, maybe on the Wii HD.
But I totally see us getting, um, like, something like Mischief Makers, um.
I totally see, um, you know, Dynamite Heady, a bunch of the other ones coming out, I mean,
I don't really see why not, if it's not, if it's not just for size, I think that it could
definitely, um, handle it.
Uh, GS68 makes a good point, soundtracks will raise the file size, because if it uses Red
Book Audio, then that's- Why would it use Red Book Audio?
Did they?
I don't know.
Didn't some Saturn games use it?
Only some did, and then they started moving in toward, um, the other, eh, I can't remember
off the top of my head.
Okay.
Some games, I mean, some games you can fully put in and just listen to, but they started
moving away from that toward- Like, DDR Sekimex, I remember, was just randomly
some game I'm thinking of off the top of my head, like, of the PlayStation DDR game?
The first DDR, yeah.
Yeah, you could, you could put it in a regular CD player and, and hear the songs, the soundtrack.
Yeah.
Um, a, a lot more games, uh, started moving past that, though, for, for compression.
You know, I think that once, if they were able to get some sort of, you know, increased,
you know, storage capability for the Wii, I think we could totally start seeing, um,
other, uh, you know, later generation system games.
I don't see why not.
I think they could fully handle it.
Well, we'll see.
But- Not this year.
I'm just glad to see that other people like Treasure, because I love Treasure.
Um, also, um, next email, we have one coming from, um, Nike.
Hey, OLR, I'm here again.
Not quite a lot to say, but I'll try to keep it short.
Hey, what's an MMO?
Is it like a World of Warcraft style game?
MMO is, uh, um, massively multiplayer online.
Um, you mean MMORPG, massively multiplayer online roleplay game.
MMO is, uh, massively multiplayer online.
Which basically means you're playing with hundreds of people or thousands of people
at once instead of just two or three, all online.
You're all in, like, a world.
They're usually world type games.
Um, looking on the HMVUK website, they're saying they're selling Excite Truck for pre-order
for February for £50.
It's nearly $100 a disc.
And Case and Some Paper.
What a rip-off.
Um, actually, no, it's really fun.
Um- Yeah, but I- I wouldn't pay $100 for it.
Sorry.
Uh, see, what kind of music do you lot like?
Um, Jamie mentioned ASH, which is number one of my favorites.
Rob also mentioned the music from Elite Beat Agents, which has, uh, stuff like, uh, Sum
41.
Um, me, my favorite bands are Gorillaz and Pain.
Oh, it's like actual bands or video game music?
I'm just picking music.
Because, like, when it comes to video game music, like, I love all the stuff that Mizuguchi
is a part of.
Like, you know, Space Channel 5 and- and Luminous and all that stuff is awesome.
Um, and of course, Nobui Matsu.
Uh, when it comes to real music, which I-
Rob listens to trancy stuff.
Eh, sometimes.
It just depends on what I'm in the mood for.
Um- And shoes.
What if- what if I've been listening to a lot lately?
I don't even know.
Um- What's that, uh, Icelandic-
What, Bjork?
No.
Uh, Roiksop.
I like them.
Yeah.
They're cool.
They're cool.
I don't like them.
I like Bjork, too, though.
And I also like- I also like Death Metal.
I do.
I know you do.
Um- Yeah, I like Guar.
Actually, I've been listening to- really weirdly, I've been listening to a lot of Morrissey
lately.
Mainly, you know, because Morrissey was our emo when we didn't have emo.
I love synth pop.
That's not my big thing.
Ever since DDR Ultramix 2 really got me into synth pop, like Echo Image and all that crap,
I love it.
Can't get enough of it.
Um, Dee, you don't have the Nintendo Point Store in the US, do you?
Um, are they still working on that?
I haven't looked.
A what?
Nintendo Point Store.
No, we don't have that in the US.
The channel is there.
No, the Point Store, what they're talking about, it's basically kind of like what they
have for the Nintendo Club, I think, in Japan, where you-
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
Buy titles and you earn points or stars.
No.
We're all pissed we don't have it.
Yeah.
No, we don't have it.
Um, also, why, uh, why doesn't Nintendo partner with voice over IP like Skype?
The Wiimote has a speaker plus mic, um, actually it just has a speaker.
Why doesn't Nintendo actually have some online games for the Wii yet?
I mean, it's because they're-
For some reason, they feel they need to roll it out slowly, so whatever.
It's their strategy.
Somehow they feel they're ahead in innovation in some parts and they're really behind in
other parts, so whatever.
Um, some of these questions I think we've actually already answered, um, and so skipping
through I'm gonna, um, say what does OLR team think of renting games, um, good way to test
them out?
It's something I should be doing that I'm not, honestly.
I should be doing, using that Gamefly or comparable type service and I'm not.
I really need to look into that.
Yeah, maybe I would have avoided buying Red Steel.
This is an interesting question.
How do you go about getting a job in the game industry?
I was wondering as I had many career paths open for me at the moment, including being
a doctor.
Um, sometimes you just chance into it.
I have a friend who is a math major who now is a programmer for a company in the Bay Area.
Well, Shane, you kind of work in the game industry.
How did you get your job?
Accident.
Really?
I was just, whoops, now I work at a game company.
Yeah, it just depends on people you know or if you look at Craigslist.
Most of the game companies post entry level positions there all the time.
But you really have to be in an area where there's game companies.
Yes.
I mean if you live...
Or your skill needs to be high in demand.
I mean if you live in Wichita, Kansas, no offense Shane, that's where you used to live.
If you live there, then you're probably not going to find a whole lot of...
That's how I got my job, so...
Well, but now you're here in California, aren't you?
You know, it's best if you live where, Bay Area, LA?
Wherever the major game companies are, you've got like Washington, the Redmond area, and
then you've got the Bay Area, and then you've got LA.
That's where you want to go for the major ones.
The reality is though, if you're sitting there thinking, I've got a great idea for a video
game...
Wisconsin.
Oh, they have the one company there.
I'm just saying, because I was thinking about Mexico.
A lot of major metros have at least one.
Keep in mind that the industry, though, is very, very diverse.
You can be an artist, get in as a designer.
You can be a writer.
I was asked if I was interested in writing game manuals, and part of why I was going
to school was to actually do manuals.
Why'd you turn that down?
I didn't turn it down.
I called on it and didn't hear anything.
And that was actually for a writing strategy guide, so I don't really want to...
I'm in school to do what I want to do.
I'm going to be a massage therapist.
I could freakin' be an independent contractor for a video game company, giving massages
during people's lunch.
Pac Bell does that.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of major companies do.
Our company does too.
So I could work in the video game industry as a massage therapist.
It's possible.
I would love to have that be your catch on this show.
She works in the game therapy, giving massages and happy endings.
I don't give happy endings.
You know what's funny, though, we learned that in San Francisco, in the county, for
you to be a massage therapist there, you have to...
It's considered adult entertainment, so you're lumped in the same category as prostitutes.
Hot.
I know.
I hate it.
The last question.
I doubt that PS3 will sell many due to its high prices in the UK.
It's going to be a lot over here.
We get bummed at everything in gaming.
Most young gamers already have a 360 or at least a Wii.
Just thinking about how much market it will really have apart from now.
Wow.
It's Sony's stupid fanboy impression.
I must say the graphics do look good, no better than 360, though, and played one with Ridge
Racer.
But you played Ridge Racer.
That's not going to...
Play Resistance, honestly.
I think that that one really plays up the system's capabilities well.
So apart from that, though, yeah, the rest of it's crap.
Okay.
I failed to keep it short, but oh well.
This week has been busy going to college next week, so hope that goes well.
Until next time, necky.
Well, thanks for the email.
That was a lot of questions.
I was like...
Yeah, and I actually skipped...
20 questions from our UK fan.
Sorry.
He got to L, but one repeated.
It's all good.
It's all good.
Okay.
We have two more emails to go.
All right.
This one is from one of our listeners in Belgium, Fabrice.
You know one good thing I liked that All Games had at their little thing?
They had a big map of the world, and every time they got a collar from somewhere, they'd
put a pin in the map.
We should totally freaking do that.
I think we totally need to steal that idea.
For our email.
I'm thinking about...
Well, we could do both.
We do emails on collars.
We have blue pins for emails, red pins for collars, something.
We have blue pins for emails, red pins for call.
Exactly.
I'm thinking we might steal that idea, because when I hear that we were getting collars from
Argentina and mail from Belgium, that's so cool.
I did think it was funny.
After a while, you just started handing me the pins, because I took my geography class
like a year ago, so I still remember this crap.
To continue on with the email, hi, O-L-R. First of all, congratulations on your radio
show.
Sadly, I've only discovered O-L-R since episode 180 or something since then.
I've been listening every week.
Also, I can't listen to your live show, because I live in Belgium.
That's okay.
We forgive you.
I wonder what you at O-L-R think of the current state of Sega.
The last years, they've done nothing but release crappy game after crappy game.
As soon as they use the EA technique, release as much games as you can, and you'll earn
money easily.
Sonic the Hedgehog was somewhat the epitaph for what they are doing.
They only had some good titles, but only the short period after the Dreamcast was dead,
like Panzer Dragoon, Orta, etc.
I'm a Sega fanboy, but it's even hard for me to get excited about a new Sega title.
All I'm looking forward to is Sega Rally Revo and Virtua Tennis 3.
What is wrong with them?
Do they miss their own console?
Did they go with the times?
Are they lacking the talent?
Will the Dreamcast days ever return when they made games like Virtua Tennis, Crazy Taxi,
Shenmue, Rez, etc.
They're all highly playable, enjoyable, and for everyone, not only the hardcore gamer.
Sega wasn't afraid to experiment and come up with some crazy ideas.
Anyways, I wonder what your thoughts on Sega are these days.
Keep up the good work, and Dark Sakura Disneyland rules.
I love you.
I don't know, this is a tough question.
I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that Sega was making systems for so long and
now they only make games.
So there has to be some downsizing that comes with that and some of your biggest talents
jump ship.
They were just in a funk.
I think that when you are making games for your system, you know how to make it work
on your system.
I think that is a lot of strength that when it's your product and you have all the in-house
stuff available to you, you know how to make the most of it.
I really think that that might be hurting them with some of the newer titles, but also
I think that honestly, I hate to say it, but Sega is going to need to get back on the track
and find out what made them great to begin with.
Instead of doing all the flashy, showy stuff, they need to get back to the heart.
I think that they need to take a page from Nintendo.
The Phantasy Star universe wasn't bad, in my opinion.
It wasn't great.
Well, not really average games to me.
Full auto was awesome, and Chrome House was slow.
Most people didn't like full auto or full auto 2.
You're kind of in your own little bubble there.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed full auto.
I did end up selling it back, but I enjoyed it.
Full auto 2 is kind of, eh, but I mean, hell, they've got a ton of cool games coming out
pretty soon.
Sonic and the Secret Rings, which should be pretty cool, as long as the control is good
on it.
Virtua Fighter 5, I mean, that's going to be a pretty solid fighting game for the PS3.
Sega Rally Revo.
Armored Core 4, the game that I've been waiting for for the longest time.
I bought Chrome Hounds thinking, hey, maybe it's Armored Core 4, but no, it's Armored
Core 4 with mono or something like that.
We need Knights on Wii.
I want to say some interesting comments from chat.
DDRDollarBill says, Sega needs to make more games that are unique.
Bandit says, first Sega starts making consoles, then drop that and just got into games.
Sony, you're next.
The bold statement there.
SSJ100Matt has an idea how Sega can get back to their roots.
Two words, blast processing.
Well, they're remaking some of their classic franchises like Alien and Syndrome.
That looks pretty good for the Wii and like PSP and stuff.
Crazy Taxi, they have some game coming, you know, called Crush.
I know.
I know that we'll save Sega.
Sega to Sanchiro.
Do you know the last Sega game I played that was absolutely badass and underrated in every
way and that people should have respected more was F-Zero.
Because remember that was the Sega, Nintendo, and Namco in the arcades partnership.
That game was badass.
That's still one of my favorite racing games ever.
I don't know why they don't remake that.
They need a new one.
Sega needs to start doing games exclusively for Nintendo.
Or you know what, I hate to say it, but since Nintendo doesn't have the oomph behind it,
you know, with the Wii, the Wii doesn't have that pretty stuff.
I'm sure there will be inevitably an F-Zero game on the Wii that will be pretty awesome,
but seriously, like if Sega made a racer kind of like that, I'm not talking full auto, on
the 360, ooh, that'll be hot.
That'll be hot.
You know what actually franchise, I wouldn't mind seeing coming out on the next system.
Or PS3.
There was a, I believe it was a Sega, it was Burning Rangers.
In fact, I know it was because the music was on freaking Samba de Amigo, but we need Burning
Rangers to come back.
To clarify for chat, because they're saying F-Zero was done by Sega, not the original
obviously.
But the GameCube version and arcade, GX and AX, AX was Namco, Sega, Nintendo, the Triforce,
and then GX was just Sega and Nintendo.
And I'll tell you what, booting that game for the first time and seeing both those logos
on the screen at the same time, that was a weird feeling for me, the 80s gamer.
I'm sorry.
Did it make you feel happy in the pants?
No, it made me feel weird.
I'm looking at this going, but Sega does what Nintendo don't.
I don't, this is beyond comprehension.
Another email?
That actually was the last of our emails.
Oh, it was nice.
Another window opened.
Okay.
So yeah, send us more.
Send us more.
We like it.
Mailbagorangeloungeradio.com.
I'm sure after some of our stories tonight, we'll get plenty of emails.
Battletoads versus Double Dragon.
Hell yeah.
We need a new one of that.
Did Sega do that?
It was on Genesis.
Wasn't Tecmo responsible for both those franchises?
I can't remember.
Yeah, the Streets of Rage was Burning Knuckle.
Acclaim.
Battletoads is rare?
No, Battletoads was Acclaim, I want to say.
I'll remember.
Making me go to Wikipedia, god damn it.
So anyways, we've got some interesting stuff about Nintendo, actually.
Mad Catz is doing a third-party Wii-mote that looks like a penis.
So way to go, Mad Catz.
You've taken the Wii and made it look like a sex toy.
Excellent.
Yeah, it's supposed to be more ergonomic looking, but it looks like a penis.
I'm sorry.
Be sure to pick up your third-party penis by Mad Catz.
Coming soon.
Joy.
Lovely.
I remember them saying they were going to have the third-party Wii-motes, but it's kind
of interesting to see what some of them look like.
That looks like a penis.
No, it doesn't.
It does so look like a penis.
Where are the balls?
Okay, well, just a shaft.
Let me see.
It looks like a vibrator.
That doesn't look like any penis I've ever seen.
Fine.
It looks like a sex toy, though.
With those frickin' homemade programs that you can use your Bluetooth devices for, including
the Wii vibrator thing, there you go, they've made the complete package for you.
All right.
By the way, thank you, Wikipedia, Battletoads was a video game franchise by Tradewest.
The first game was released by Rare for the NES in 1991.
There you go.
I remember, I think Tradewest had something to do with Double Dragon, too, if that makes
sense.
Yeah, they made the original Double Dragon on the NES.
There you go.
Or published it.
Whatever.
Anyhow, this is a good time for us to take a break, I think.
We've been going for a little while here, so we're going to take ourselves a little
break, and we will come back with more Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
