Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 215 for this January 7th, 2007.
And what's going on actually right now while we're doing tonight's program and taping here
live on this Sunday night is that actually Microsoft is giving their keynote speech right
now, right?
Over for CES, because Consumer Electronics Show is going on?
Ah, yes.
What, Loki, you've got, you're going to start us off with part B, talking about what's going
on at CES right now.
Yeah, there's a couple big announcements made about, you know, during CES and the keynote
speech here.
Of course, as we mentioned earlier, their big announcement, of course, was partnership
I guess with Microsoft TV, which is an IPTV service.
And you're going to be able to watch TV, I guess streamed over the internet, as well
as record TV while playing games, which is pretty cool.
And no clue yet when exactly that's going to go into effect, but it's something that
they're going to launch this year.
It's going to have digital video recording capabilities for gaming, movie viewing, and
even voice and video chat.
It says, we really are going to need a big hard drive for that.
It says live chat while watching television, so people can watch Lost or something.
Oh my God, that's a bad idea.
Playing over Xbox Live while recording TV live in the background.
This isn't a huge surprise because I remember they were talking something with DirecTV before.
So I don't know, that's kind of cool.
The other thing which is going on right now that they were talking about was, I believe
Halo 2 for Vista.
Hold on, I have to say this.
Fire Bulma says, so you can stay in front of your television all day long.
Hooray.
Good point.
I mean, this is just encouraging people to get fat and lazy.
Okay, so with Windows Vista, you're going to be able to play people on the 360, playing
Halo 2 as well, and I assume, I guess, the original Xbox since, you know, they can play
against the 360 people, but that's not the only game that you can play anywhere, which
just was announced a few seconds ago here.
The one Live Anywhere game that's going to be able to be played on Vista, on the 360
and everything else, but not only that, Uno.
Uno Anywhere.
Oh my gosh, wow, interesting.
Really, you know, I always thought you could play Uno Anywhere anyways because it's cards,
but that's just me.
You can play the electronic version anywhere you go.
Draw 4, bitch, everywhere, across multiple platforms.
You know, I think this is interesting because it's not a big surprise, it doesn't seem like
anything that would be too difficult to do, I mean, cross-platform gaming is not unheard
of and even with 360, I mean, Final Fantasy XI, you play against PlayStation 2 and PC
users on Final Fantasy XI, right, which is on the 360, so it's not like this is unheard
of, it's just kind of, I don't think anybody thought that they would do this, I mean, it's
not really anything anyone was expecting, it's really truly a kind of pleasant surprise,
if you will.
Yeah.
Kind of interesting.
But once and for all, they will be able to settle the debate.
Is it easier to play with the keyboard and mouse or with the 360 controller?
They'll be able to finally settle that debate.
Great.
Very cool.
Yeah, the chat room seems to be agreeing over at chat.orangelaunusradio.com.
You know, you can play Uno with anyone anytime you want, just buy a deck of cards.
It's very easy.
But then...
I have an Uno deck.
But you can't get the Cameo cards and the Project Gotham racing cards, you can't...
So?
But I believe you can get, in regular, traditional card form, you can get Pokemon cards and the
Clear cards, so you can play Uno in the pool.
And you know, you can play World of Warcraft cards, too, once those come out.
Hooray, hooray.
Alright, well, I guess that's all we have coming out of CES right now.
There is one other thing, Sony seeing that they've hit their target amount of units shipped
for the Playstation 3, which was 1 million by the end of the year, although memory serves
me correctly, I believe that target was a lot higher, and then they lowered it down.
And the other thing, too, is they've shipped 1 million units worldwide.
Not sold, shipped.
They'll sell it.
They'll sell it.
I know we're all seeing the big pictures of stacks and stacks of PS3s on block.
They'll sell them.
Their next target is 6 million by March this year, so...
Now that's ambitious.
Let's see.
One thing I wanted to ask about, too, and you showed me this during the break while
we were alive.
You have this Impossible Mission ad, and I want...
It's Impossible Mission on the Wii, like the old school Commodore 64 game?
Yeah, yeah, it was one of the games.
I remember hearing Epyx was coming back and was going to redo games, but what the hell
is this?
I want it.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, Logie.
It's being released in the UK right now.
That's System 3 is putting it out.
And basically this is an ad sheet that they had on GoNintendo.com.
And yeah, it's just Impossible Mission, it's 2D, and yeah, just looks like kind of a visually
updated version of a possible mission.
So they're only getting it in Britain and not here?
So far.
I mean, it might end up coming over here.
Like the one game I want.
They do this to us.
Just say you folks over there don't get some love because there you go.
Maybe you should import a Wii.
I'm not going to import...
Well, I can't.
They're on the different TV standards over there.
Component?
I guess that's true.
I'm not going to import a Wii just to play Impossible Mission, I'm sorry.
I'll write Nastygrams to whatever company is System 3, I'll write Nastygrams to them
until they put this out in the US.
I'm sure it'll come out over here at some point.
It better.
At least it's a budget title if nothing else.
Alright, well, why don't we start off with the news, Loki, you had some news about E3?
Yes.
E3 and all 50,000 expos that have replaced it.
Well, the official one I guess, being done, well originally it was going to be the Game
Pro Expo, is now being called the Entertainment For All Expo, or the E For All Expo.
The E For All Expo sounds like a rave to me.
But, anyways...
E for everyone!
I love games, they're so pretty!
Can I have a hug?
The Entertainment For All Expo...
Jamie, cuddle!
Rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub...
What?
No.
The Entertainment For All Expo as it suggests is open to the public if you have $100 because
it's going to cost you $100 to get into it.
Whoa, whoa, what?
gonna cost what? $100 to get into the expo. I guess that's not too bad. I mean if E3
wanted to charge you $100 to get in. Actually, from what I remember, any Schmoe could really
get into E3 for what that $400 fee or whatever it is. You really didn't even have to have
ties to the industry to get in that way. So, you know, this is I guess cheaper than that.
Because I imagine this expo will still be letting in, you know, media and all that type
of stuff for a different rate. Probably not the same $100. Maybe. Interesting. Interesting.
We'll see. But yeah, it'll be interesting to see how it ends up, you know, going down.
But it's gonna be this year, 18th through the 20th of October. And good point, we got
several people starting with Black Boy saying, except it isn't E3. And, you know, I understand.
But it's kind of, for all we know, all we got otherwise. So, and they say they're trying
to fill the void. So, I realize it's gonna be a little different because it's gonna be
targeted at the gamer as opposed to the industry. But it should be interesting nonetheless.
Well, I should be able to still go to the E3, the actual E3.
Well, yeah, that's true. Because it's not, you know, not going away. So, it'll be interesting
to see what happens.
Somebody's like, you know, don't fucking take me to E3, bitches. Mo, I need this. It's my
high. Anyways.
I need that E, man. I need to cuddle.
I need the EQ, man.
Speaking of PlayStation 3s, we were talking about a little bit earlier, the stacks and
stacks. Japan, over there, they're starting to see more PlayStation 3s. There was a report
that went into Kotaku.com earlier this week from a reader that said they went to the Bic
Camera store in Shibuya yesterday to pick up stuff for his place. And basically what
happens, there was some New Year's sales going on. And get this, is that when the guy walked
by, there were about 16 of the 60 gig and 12 of the 20 gig systems, priced for about
what translates to $520 and $430, respectively. You watch right past this big pallet full
of PlayStation 3s, just waiting to be sold over in Japan.
Very interesting. I mean, just a few months ago, we were talking about all that fear.
But you know, I know it's easy to want to like jump on Sony and be all like, haha, Sony's
not selling systems, blah, blah, blah. But you kind of have to think about, too, Christmas
is over, so I think more people are willing to wait. But I don't know. I guess then again,
the Wii is still seemingly selling out and the 360 at this time last year was still selling
out, too. But I don't know. I'd be very interested to see it on a graph, like how many systems
Microsoft had out there at this time last year and how many Sony has out there now.
You know what I mean? I mean, it's just because I'm a visual person, I want to see everything
on a graph. But I'd be very interested to see how it really compares. Because you could
say that the 360 was still sold out, but from what I remember, they weren't coming out very
often, whereas Sony seems to be doing a pretty consistent weekly shipment.
Well, according, this was the big thing that they were pushing. They were saying that we
outsold the 360 because we put out a million units before the end of the year and they
only had 600,000. So, yeah, but here's the thing, Microsoft's like, yeah, but bitches,
we were out a year before you, so we're ahead of you by a couple of million.
Okay, so Sony's saying they're on the track to outsell the 360 is what they're saying.
But Microsoft's saying, we lapped you, bitch.
They're just like saying, oh, we're meeting our numbers. Yeah, well, when you drop your
numbers like six times and then you're like, oh, yeah, we met our numbers fucking six months
late and we lowered them a bit, but we met them. God damn it, we met them. I mean, no,
you didn't technically meet them because, well, you only ship less than 400,000 units
that launch in the US, so whatever.
The CDR dollar bill says this is Sony math.
Exactly.
Remember, it's the math of those who eat crayons every day. Well, we have a little bit of something
flying around on the rumor mill. There is a rumor going around that Coded Arms Assault
has been canceled. The information states that Famitsu leaked it, but Konami hasn't
really confirmed anything yet. However, I do believe it's off release lists.
Interesting. I'm trying to think back to when we were at that last Konami event that they
had in, what, August, and I remember they were showing Coded Arms on the PSP, right,
Loki?
Yeah.
But they never showed us Coded Arms on PS3, but I remember some of the other journalists
were asking about it. They were really dodgy at the questions at the time, huh, if I remember
right. It's like they didn't want to say much about it.
Well, at E3, I think it was only a video.
Yeah. Well, this other press event we went to was after that, but they still were not
really saying much about it, huh?
Well, I guess we'll find out in a few weeks.
Yeah, this is interesting. Ah, yes, it's true. I guess Konami has another event coming up,
so we'll see for sure then.
Personally, from the distribution point, we've only seen dates for the PSP version. I haven't
seen anything for the PS3. Although, I went down to the PS3 one, probably coming out towards
Christmas anyways.
Do you think it's because Coded Arms just hasn't been a very well-received series?
I want to say I heard that the game was really buggy and crappy from the beta or whatever
state it's in right now, alpha or whatever, that it hasn't been very good. I think right
now, if anything, I don't know if it's canceled, but it may be put on hold or maybe just way
behind in development schedule. I don't know. It's not coming out any time soon either way.
Mystic Gohan says, Well, Coded Arms sucks, so I'm not getting my hopes up yet. Legend
of Zaku says, The only thing that can save PlayStation 3 is Metal Gear Solid 4. Mike
W. also agrees, Coded Arms sucked ass.
I don't really think you need to save the PlayStation 3. The only thing that can save
the PlayStation 3 is put more games out. That's about it. And put more games out that haven't
been out for six months on the 360. I mean, that's what they need to do. I mean, why the
fuck are, seriously, games that are supposed to be launch titles like Rainbow Six Vegas
or something like that and they haven't even put it out yet. I mean, come on. That's the
problem.
Anyways, so, as we were, you know, probably talking about here, Metal Gear Solid and how
Metal Gear Solid 4 is going to be coming out on PlayStation 3. Well, Metal Gear Solid Portable
Ops just came out on the PSP. Not a huge surprise that they're talking about getting a sequel
done already. And, you know, since the game sold pretty well, I mean, maybe not as well
as they would hope, you know, not exactly a system seller, but it's doing very well
and definitely going to be, you know, a sequel that's going to be coming, so.
Wait, so you mean a game as popular and well received as Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops
for, you know, being one of the greatest games on the PSP, according to most people, it's
getting a sequel?
I know, that's a shock.
A shock of the century.
And the sequel will be called Metal Gear Acid 3.
Oh, I hope not. But maybe it'll come with cool 3D glasses. That was actually...
Metal Gear Acid is like what happens when you program a game on acid.
You know what, though? The 3D thing I actually thought was kind of cute. I have to admit,
that little, you know, the little paper glasses or whatever they're playing Acid 2 on, it's
actually kind of cute.
Well, it's cute watching Dan play it.
You know what the best part about the 3D glasses were? The videos of the hot Asian chicks wearing
the camo bikinis that you would unlock from playing the game. In 3D. Anyway, I thought
you got laid on a regular basis.
Do not even talk about Asian girls in bikinis and things because...
Yeah, how's Dead or Alive Xtreme going?
I'm actually referring to a video that one of our listeners, I don't know if he wants
to tell me, but he just laughed at it. I got sent a Para Para videos with really ugly,
way too skinny Japanese girls in ganguro makeup. So, you can't say those words together without
me freaking out a little bit.
We had some weirder stuff with the Asian girls on the Wednesday show.
I'm not even going there. Let's move on to one other way that listeners can interact
with us and give their feedback is our voicemail. Our 800 number, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR. It's
1-877-GAME-OLR. We got some voicemails this week, thanks to those of you guys that left
the voicemails. That number is toll free in the US and Canada, but I want to point out
it's not toll free outside of that, which makes this first voicemail all the more special.
This actually came in on the Skype part of that, because if you are in the UK or Australia,
New Zealand, wherever the heck you are in the world, you can use the Skype to leave
us a message for free. You can just call Orange Lounge Radio when we're not live and leave
us a voicemail. That's what this first voicemail is from. Let's take a listen.
Hey, guys. This is Shoshia from the UK. I was just wondering, you mentioned every Xtend
Xtra on the show a couple of times, so I looked it up. It's not coming out in the UK until
the middle of February, and I was wondering if you'd be importing it off eBay, and also,
is DDR Supernova worth the wait, because it's coming out in February as well, I think. Anyway,
guys, keep up the good work. I love listening to the show, especially when I'm on the bus,
because bus rides are so boring, and I do get funny looks when I start laughing at all
the weird stuff you come out with. Anyway, guys, see you.
Thank you for the voicemail. That was pretty awesome. Let's see. As far as every Xtend
Xtra goes, you can actually play for free on the internet. You can download every Xtend,
which is the game that it's based off of. In fact, I want to say Dark Tetsuya posted
this in one of our forums. In the PC gaming forum we have, he actually posted a link to
a bunch of free games you can download, and every Xtend was one of them. If you're not
sure if you'd like the game or not, check that out. You can actually play that on the
PC, and then just imagine the Mizuguchi touch to that, the hyper colors and the themes and
the looks to it. The demo that comes with Luminous 2 gives you a little bit of a good
feel for what the game's about, but it doesn't quite show you how the skin changes and things
affect the game. You have to remember that the entire look of the game really changes
in between stages. The game's pretty fun. It's no Luminous. I don't hold it up to that
same high caliber, and it's a little more action than it is puzzle. It's more of a fast
paced puzzle game. There's definitely a lot of action element involved, but it's pretty
cool. As far as DDR Supernova, it's kind of hard to tell because the game varies from
region to region because of licenses, but here in America I did think Supernova was
probably about on the same level with DDR Extreme 2, if not a little bit better. I'd
say it's worth your time if you're a DDR fan, or if you've never played the series before,
it's certainly a good enabler. From what I remember, the UK, in my opinion anyway, typically
gets better licenses anyway than we do, so I'm sure it's going to be even more worth
your while. I'd have to say that the last Stepping Stage had a really, really good track
list. I'd hope that some of those would be incorporated into some of our releases, but
unfortunately no. Well yeah, it's always a licensing issue, and the music that sells
over there isn't the same that sells over here all the time. Some of the hits are the
same, but for instance, take an artist like Robbie Williams over there, freaking huge,
popular, but over here he's really struggling. They've tried so many times to make him popular
here and he just hasn't really caught on. I personally wanted the Ash song in there
because I really like that band. Let's go to our second one. By the way, thank you very
much for the voicemail, we appreciate it. And the compliments they left, we cracked
them up on the bus or the subway, one of the two. Oh, the bus. So thank you, that's very
nice, appreciate it. Remember, the biggest way we can help spread the word about Orange
Laundry Radio is word of mouth, so you laughing on the bus and someone asking you what are
you listening to is like, seriously, that's a compliment to us. Let's go to our next voicemail.
Hi, this is Razorburn 2021. You will never see me in the chat room, you'll probably never
see me around. I happen to be an offline listener. I listen via my PSP and Bleaching Connections.
I just wanted to thank you for a very nice year of episodes. I listen to them at work
and they really provide me with the news, albeit it's generally kind of a week late
of stuff, but it's a way I'm able to keep up on what's going on in the gaming world.
I've kind of jumped back and forth between a lot of podcasts. You're one of the first
ones I picked up and I've stuck with you. I'm just really happy with your show and I
wanted to wish you a happy new year and say thank you and please provide me with one in
the future.
Aw, thanks for the warm fuzzies. We appreciate that. We like the little compliments to keep
us going. That was very nice. All things to say, there's a purposeful reason why I play
this one because he said that he listened to the show on the PSP. I think last week
on the New Year's Eve special I was a little bit harsh on the PSP, so I wish to clarify
my statements on the PSP just to say I do really like the PSP as a multimedia device.
It is an incredible multimedia device. I mean it plays videos, MP3s, and games and all the
movie stuff on top of that. The problem is as a gaming device solely, I don't think it's
up to par with the DS and that's my own personal opinion. I don't think the library of games
that the PSP is offering is quite up to par with the DS, but I think the fact that people
do listen to the show on the PSP kind of speaks to why the PSP is a pretty good system because
of the fact, hey, not only can you listen to these RSS feeds on the go over the internet,
but you can play Luminous too. I mean that's what's great about the PSP and why if you
don't own one you should think about it. I mean they really are pretty decent systems.
If you're only looking for gaming and maybe you already have an iPod, you already have
a laptop to get your podcast on the go or whatever, maybe you don't need it. But if
you don't have any of that stuff I think the PSP is a pretty good buy to get a lot of that
crap on the go.
If you haven't bought one yet you might want to just hold off anyways because what the
rumor mill has been saying is that they're going to redesign it anyways, so better to
wait and not get caught in one of those DS DS Lite Fiasco's.
Rama in our chat room says, Rob, if you want a multimedia device get a computer. Well,
silly, I'm talking about portable devices obviously.
Laptop.
Well, but laptops are thousands of dollars for a good one.
And they're not that portable, but you've got to whip this thing out, it's not that
portable.
Yeah, the little ones, sidekick.
Okay, but PSP goes near, but sidekick. A PSP is better than a sidekick, I think, except
for the fact you can't make calls with a PSP. I already have a phone. I think the PSP is
a pretty cool little pocket system.
How big are your pockets?
Big. I can fit PSP in my pocket no problem.
My DS fits in my purse. That little micro thing.
Your PSP could probably fit in your purse, too.
No, it wouldn't.
Really?
No, I can barely get...
You have too much in your purse.
I have no idea what happened to my sonic screwdriver. It fell out of my purse.
That sucks.
It doesn't even that fit.
Alright, and there was another comment in here somewhere I wanted to read. Well, I guess
that was it. I can't find the other one, so there you have it. Chat.orangewansradio.com
if you're listening live on this Sunday night and you want to join or entertain your thoughts.
And of course, the chat room is open all week long and it gets kind of dead when there's
no live programming.
I have to agree with Ron Law on this.
What do I want to say?
A laptop may be thousands of dollars, but it is more useful than a damn PSP.
But if you're, okay, but you know, if you're a 14-year-old kid, you may not have a need
for a laptop.
They make very small laptops, too. There's new Vios.
I just think, you know, yes, a laptop you get a lot of value of, but you have to ask
yourself, do you really need all that stuff?
I mean, how easy is it to turn on your PSP, click, have the headphones in, and listen
to the show as opposed to, ah, I better whip out the laptop, fire up iTunes, da-da-da.
I mean, don't get me wrong. A laptop serves a very useful purpose.
I heart my little Mac laptop and it's one of the best purchases I made last year.
But, you know, I still also like my PSP for those types of things.
I need a bigger memory card, though.
All right.
You can also interact with us by sending us e-mails to mailbag at orangeontraday.com,
and we will get to the mailbag a little bit later in the show.
But first, more news, and we'll start off with this story.
Coming from Korea, game censorship, a hot topic worldwide, not just Korea, but worldwide.
Of course, you know, in 2006, we had Rule of Rose causing the problems in Europe and
Tak Jomsom getting his head into everything over here, which would just go away.
Other than a pizazz?
Yes.
In South Korea, things are actually going kind of maybe a little more in favor of games.
Now, games that have previously depicted military and political actions against North Korea
have been banned because they were a little bit too touchy with, you know, the political
situations going on in the world.
So they said that Tom Clancy goes to Recon 2 and Splinter Cell Chaos Theories and Mercenaries.
No go.
They're banned.
Banned games.
But what just recently happened, the game reading board of Korea actually said that
they are going to lift the ban, and in 2007, these games will become available.
And the head of the rating board, Kim Ki-Man, said in the Korea Times, quote, the reasoning
behind the decision was said to be to allow freedom of expression.
So there you go.
So that's pretty cool, I think, that, you know, I don't think any of us particularly
enjoy censorship.
We sometimes take for granted the free world we live in here in this particular country.
So I think it's very nice that, you know, other folks are getting to experience some
of the same art forms we do here.
I don't think anyone takes that stuff too seriously.
You know, I don't, you know, go, oh my gosh, because I'm fighting against the North Koreans
in this game, I have to do that in real life, too.
I don't think anyone's that stupid.
I would hope.
I would really, really hope.
Well, I'm all for expression, and it looks like there's another way to express yourself.
And that's by turning your Wii into a vibrator, your Wiimote into a vibrator.
Hey, it was, it can be done with the Rez trans vibrator.
We can have the Hello Kitty and I found a Doraemon vibrator on eBay.
Okay.
Not that I want to be entertaining this notion, but doesn't the Wii kind of already vibrate?
Like I know whenever I'm using that stupid keyboard thing on the Wii, it's like that
thing keeps constantly shaking in my hand as I move around the keyboard.
So what are we talking about here?
There is one that, it's a program that's put out by Kako, shut up, K-A-K-O.
You download it to your PC, hook it up through your Bluetooth, and it vibrates on command,
I guess.
You know, I want to say, though, there was an easier way to do this.
Someone was posting before there was some sort of flaw in the Opera browser with a,
I guess it was a URL that's too long or something, the tag, will cause your browser to crash
and I think it causes the remote to vibrate as well and I think that might be an easier
way to do that.
Okay.
So something easier than using your Kako?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm looking at the guy's site, actually.
There's a Wii Remote Test, Wii Sabre.
There's um, okay, I can't read this.
Wii Braider Test, Wii Mice Test, Wii Fall Detect Test, Wii Remote IR Sensor Test, Wii
Pointer Test, Wii Nunchaku Test, a bunch of stuff.
This is crazy.
I'm linking this, though, in the chatroom so that they, too, can enjoy the Wii Braider.
The joys of the Wii.
Well, a couple websites out there want you to enjoy the Wii as well, especially when
it comes to porn.
Yes, a few websites out there are making their porno Wii friendly.
Wait, this reminds me.
Jamie, did I tell you about what we did on New Year's Eve?
Orgy?
No.
We had about 12 people over here.
You called me drunk!
No, we had about 12 people over here and we had this, you know, somebody that we know
had said they'd never seen a porno before.
So we decided to use the internet browsing capabilities of the Wii to surf to pornotube.com
and bring it up on the Wii and actually, and by the way, if you're under 18, don't do this.
But yeah, we looked up, let me just say the first thing we clicked on, because we couldn't
resist, said pterodactyl porn.
Yeah, it really is what it sounds like.
It's something to behold.
I'll give it that.
Again, don't go to that website if you're under 18, kids.
Sorry, Loki, I had to share that because you did use the Wii for pornographic purposes
already.
Oh yeah, we've been on it a few times.
So, yeah, it was apparently one of the free adult sites out there and if you're curious
on wondering what site, I'm not really going to give them free advertising, but it's listed
on rstecnica.com.
If you go to the free site, apparently...
So you're giving free advertising by proxy?
Yes.
You make no sense.
It's a free porn site out there.
One I have never heard of, by the way.
Porn doesn't look that good, by the way.
Anyway, so it's free and apparently it's Wii friendly.
So it's kind of neat that they're...
And usually, it's kind of funny, porn studios are usually ahead of the game for the most
part with technology.
I know porn studios were the first ones that actually have, I think, DVDs and recordable
VHS stuff as well, and now that they're kind of making content for the PSP and the Wii
and God knows what other browsers out there, so not a huge surprise.
That's kind of cool, though.
Just think of all the porn sites that are going to use that play on the Wii name.
Just think of all the Fox News stories we're going to see about how the Wii is a gateway
to porno for your children, wah, evil.
Sometimes I wish this next guy would just go away.
This story about Uwe Boll, who, you know, he's that famed director who brought us such
cinema classics as BloodRayne.
Whatever happened to the fucking Dungeon Siege movie?
Did that actually come out?
Wasn't that supposed to come out in 2006?
It hasn't come out yet.
It was supposed to come out in 2006 and it got delayed until, I think, March.
It got delayed for all eternity.
Well, Uwe Boll is making a movie out of Far Cry right now, and I have this interesting
quote to say.
Quote, every other game I did so far, the game makers were happy I did a movie to support
their franchise.
With Far Cry, Ubisoft wants me to make a good movie because this is already a big franchise
for them and they want to keep it going.
I think they will be more involved in the whole process than the other companies before.
We always want to make a good movie.
In the past, the game companies never co-promoted the movie or even had a new game come out
with a movie.
Uwe, those guys could have promoted the movies all they wanted to.
They could have had the money pouring out their butts, but if the movie sucked, that's
not going to suddenly make the movie better.
There's probably a reason they didn't promote the movie because when they saw it, they probably
said, why did we ever sign over the rights to this god-awful man?
They even included free copies of the PC version of Blood Rain and it's still in that cell,
Blood Rain, the DVD.
Well, actually, I guess Blood Rain DVD sold okay, but that's because no one saw it in
the theaters.
Because everyone heard that one chick was naked.
I bet you that's why they sold two million copies.
Do like the rest of us and just see it on a website for free.
It's kind of funny they mention Far Cry and stuff because I really hope they don't kill
that franchise.
They can go ahead and kill all these other ones that have been dead for a long time,
but just stay away from the good franchises.
Whenever Uwe Boll manages to make its way into our show script for what stories we're
going to read, I feel a little dead inside.
That makes me very angsty, so I think it's an appropriate time for us to bring on the
FUs of the week, don't you think?
Yes.
FU goes towards money, damn money, damn having to pay for everything.
I am an advocate of working hard for the things I just want, but damn the fact that I have
to shell out $415 tomorrow to pay for my first deposit for school and my books.
And then I have to do another $285, and another $285, and another $285 until I'm done.
Which I'll be done at the end of March, and a $1400 gamble to make an extra $17000 a year
working less hours is awfully nice, but at the same time, that's a lot of money right
now.
I got to see rent, so yeah, fuck money.
Black Boy says boo-hoo, Dark Sakura has to pay for school.
I've been in college now, off and on, over the past 10-11 years or so, and I finally
found something that I really, really want to do.
And I think that it'll pay off, but for right now, I'm entitled to sit back and look at
this and say, how the hell am I going to steam this?
So I think I'm going to make it work, it'll be worth it, but at the same time.
Now you just got called a career student.
I am, you know what, my theory is to never stop learning, honestly.
The moment that you stop learning and let yourself fall into stagnant ignorance is the
day you should shoot yourself in the head.
Well it's a good thing we fill your head full of news every week on this program so you
can consistently learn something new.
I am proud to be a career student.
No matter how long I work, no matter what I do, I'm still going to be learning something.
I'm a teacher kind of, so do I get props?
No.
Go to school.
Low key.
One lesson I hope that was learned today was the kids out front of your apartment complex,
thank you to them for being dumb enough to leave their remote controlled car parked in
an empty space.
So when I pulled my car in there, I crushed the car and the kid cried, and he was just
like, my car!
It's crushed!
Well, you're a dumbass and you left it in the space.
I feel no remorse for you.
That'll teach you to put away your damn toys and stop playing in the goddamn street.
If I went to stripping school, would that count?
Yes.
Cool.
You'd be learning a skill.
A necessary job function.
They could eventually make you like a dollar.
I would probably make more money doing that than I do what I do now.
I got to lose my little pooch here, but maybe I should look into it.
I just don't want to have to grow my hair out to look like thunder down under.
Why is this on our program?
I want to say an F you to these kettle chips that are Tuscan three cheese flavor because
I've almost eaten the whole freaking bag sitting right here and that's not healthy.
I love how I'm talking about exercising and working out and then I'm like, I just ate
a whole bag of potato chips and I wonder why I'm fat.
They're like really good chips though.
An F you to having no self control.
Kill me now.
Okay.
Thanks.
They're really good chips though.
They're like the best chips in the world.
Kill me now.
I want to die.
Can I?
No.
Oh, okay.
You can die soon and it will make you not want to die.
Guess what?
What?
Silent Hill 2 yeah, I am so happy there's going to be a Silent Hill 2 Marketplace.
Christophe Gans said he's working on the second Silent Hill movie script which is being written
by Rodger Avery.
They were actually saying that it was going to be written by Neil Gaiman, but he's actually
said on his blog that he actually doesn't really have any involvement in it.
From what I understand, I think he might be a consultant, but I don't think he's actually involved much in the actual thing.
But hey, at Sutton Hill, happy.
You probably like the movie more than anyone else I know, so...
I've seen it four times in the theater.
Oh my god.
And I'm going to be buying the Blu-ray Disc soon.
Yeah?
So I can turn off all the lights and go,
Ooh.
Ooh.
Worship Pyramid Head, build a shrine of fire.
No!
I don't know why everyone thinks that I'm this big Red Pyramid fangirl.
Because you are.
No.
I love the entire story, the entire feel of the game.
I love the whole mythology behind it.
But Pyramid Head, Red Pyramid, whatever, symbolizes all of that in one...
No, it does not.
Fancy little hot body.
Red Pyramid is the guy in the second game's repressed sexuality.
Because he goes around raping all the female monsters...
OMG, spoilers!
Oh, come on.
The game's been out for, what, five years?
I think people should know by now.
Guess what?
What?
Red Pyramid kills Dumbledore.
You're done.
Speaking of jokes that are years old, thank you for that.
Anyways, so something that doesn't have to do with rape or Silent Hill.
Nintendo was...
All of them, forget it. I don't want to hear it.
Moving on.
Just kidding.
Nintendo has partnered up with MMO producer Nexon.
And really there's no news other than just that.
They don't really know why they partner up.
But it seems to be that the general consensus is they're working on new MapleStory.
MapleStory DS or possibly MapleStory Wii.
So that should be interesting.
I'm always for more games.
And especially if it's going to be an MMO, that would be pretty cool too.
Why am I not surprised that if Nintendo was going to partner up with any MMO maker,
it would be the folks that made MapleStory?
It's very interesting.
What do you think we might have in store for us on the Wii?
I've just never...
I've never thought of an MMO on a Nintendo system.
I mean, it's never really happened before,
with the exception of Phantasy Star Online on the GameCube.
But let's face it, Nintendo really didn't support that the way they should have.
So that fluke aside, there's not really been MMOs on Nintendo systems that I can think of.
So this is very interesting to me.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know, it's...
I was surprised that they weren't actually partnering up.
What was that one wiki?
Because that kind of looked very similar to Wind Waker.
So that would be kind of funny if they took that over and made a game based on that.
But MapleStory, based on the graphics of the game and stuff,
I think that it would fit on Nintendo console pretty well.
I would like to see it as a Wii game,
because I think it might need a little bit more processor power to actually put out the graphics and stuff.
Plus, I don't know how well a DS MMO would work.
Especially if you've got to pay for it.
No, you don't know unless you try.
True.
You know, who knows what they could come out with.
I would think a game like Ragnarok might actually work really well on the DS.
Sad but true.
Be very interesting.
Anyhow, one thing we resolved to do in the year 2007 is that
we're not showing PC gaming enough love on this program
and some folks have brought that to our attention.
So we would like to spend a little bit of time here on the show to go over some PC gaming related stories.
And, okay, I guess I'm cheating a little bit with this first one,
because this kind of is both PC and Xbox 360.
But a lot of you guys are playing Oblivion on the PC.
And this actually was recently announced by PC Gamer and PC Zone magazines.
There's a new Oblivion expansion on the way called the Shivering Isles.
And it only has been confirmed, well, through this for the PC so far.
We don't know if this is going to come out on 360 yet.
Yeah, I think it is.
I imagine it would. I mean Oblivion does very well on the 360.
But, anyhow, for now we know it's probably going to make its way to the PC.
It will let players explore the Isles, which are divided into northern and southern areas titled Mania and Dementia.
Boy, this sounds like a fun place to go.
Then you'll be able to go to a door on this...
The way you get there is you get to go through this door near Breville that takes you to this area.
And supposedly it's going to extend Oblivion's gameplay for 30 more hours with new creatures, quests, and dungeons.
One of the new quests, you'll be solving a mystery in a town on the border of Mania and Dementia.
Every citizen has a look-alike in the town.
Some of the new monsters in the game, the Gatekeeper, a collection of body parts that have been stitched together.
Awesome.
And the Knights of the Order, which are made up of three roots.
Oh, you're the Gatekeeper.
I'm surprised you're not playing more Oblivion.
You know, because you can set fire to anything in that game, Jamie.
You can play more Oblivion?
No, I mean, I know you haven't even played it really at all.
I'm surprised by that because I would think you'd enjoy it.
But maybe it's just me.
Well, I'm not going to have any time over the next three months, that's for sure.
I guess, yeah.
Bye-bye life!
As if your life hadn't been sucked away enough into Oblivion as it is if you've been playing this game.
Now they're just going to have this, which is even more hours gone away.
It's amazing the types of things that people made for Oblivion.
There's an Oblivion wiki out there, a Google Map-style thing for Oblivion.
It's crazy.
Excuse me, it's crazy.
Bless you.
Sorry.
Live radio.
Yep.
We sneeze.
Well, I have some news.
PC-related?
Actually, yep.
Sony Online Entertainment is releasing, they actually have the open beta for Vanguard Saga of Heroes.
It was available on the 5th.
And they also have a pre-order campaign that's given to anyone who is given access to the open beta.
Some of the websites have had a lot of coverage on this Vanguard game, and it looks like it could be pretty interesting if you're into those types of PC MMOs.
So, I might check it out if I have some time, if I can pull myself away from Oblivion.
That's kind of pretty.
Yeah.
Well, one game I'm looking forward to, especially even on the PC, and I know they're making a 360 version, which is awesome,
but Command & Conquer 3, Tiberian Wars, they're going to get a special edition called the Kane Edition,
and for those who may not have played Command & Conquer, Kane is the villain who actually, kind of funny enough,
because he heads up the nod, looks like Zod from the Superman movies.
So, I don't know, every time I see him I think it's Zod, but whatever.
Anyway, so the special edition, what you're going to get for $59.99,
you're going to get a behind-the-scenes documentary and exclusive in-game content, which is kind of cool.
As well as strategy guides, deleted scenes, and bloopers from the game's live-action sequences.
And, of course, some of the exclusive content, you'll get exclusive multiplayer maps, three exclusive unit skins,
and a limited-edition poster.
So, that'd be pretty cool.
Going back to something I said earlier, because I'm reading the comments in the chat room right now,
Shadowsliar says, Sky, how is that crazy? Many games have their own wiki.
In reference to what I was saying, Oblivion has all that crazy stuff out there.
I guess that's true.
I mean, there are a lot of fan communities.
With wiki being open source and everything, many fan communities throw up their own wiki.
But I guess I felt like the Oblivion one just felt so vast.
You know, there's so much in that freaking game.
There's not a lot of games I can recall playing that have the amazing depth that Oblivion has.
So, I don't know, I guess the wiki seems so vast as the game does. Does that make sense?
You visit some wikis for some games and there's not a lot to it.
You know, it's more like a pretty FAQ. Does that make sense?
Yeah. Plus the PC version, you can get them all run around topless.
Well, you do the mods and everything on the PC one, too.
I really should be playing Oblivion on the PC, not the 360.
But I'm such an achievement point, so I can't help myself.
I really do want to get the Oblivion now for the PC.
You should!
I think it would be fun on my laptop.
It might be.
I could put the mods in. That's what I'm all about, is mods.
Well, PC gamers, don't say we don't love you.
Another thing maybe we need to resolve to do is give a little love to mobile gaming,
although I'm not the biggest fan of mobile gaming.
I've started to come around a little bit in 2006 and on into 2007.
I actually really enjoyed the Luminous mobile game.
There's been some other mobile games. I think DarkSakura found a couple she liked, too.
Maybe we're starting to come around a little bit on the mobile stuff.
Unfortunately, the only mobile story we've got for you this week is a little bit of a downer.
Microsoft is being sued by a French company, Infusio,
for the wrongful termination of a $2 million contract.
Infusio is claiming that Microsoft was refusing to approve their game designs,
wrongfully withholding the second of four $500,000 US dollar payments.
This is all in regards to the Halo mobile game that I suppose is in development.
I guess some disagreements there on the Halo mobile games.
Well, if you ever disagree with what we have to say, you can write us an angry email.
If you're immature enough, we'll just point and make fun of you.
But if you have pretty well thought out opinions, we're likely to read your emails on the show
because, you know, we're not saying our way or the highway.
It's an open forum from all gamers.
So send us your emails, mailbag at orangeonsureely.com,
and DarkSakura will rip open the mailbag and tear out a few emails she wants to read.
And that's what she's going to do right now.
The first email comes from Tim Tsurugi.
Hello, OLR. Of course, loving the show and hoping it never ends. Never.
It's always nice to hear y'all's charming personalities shine every week.
I'm terribly sorry for bothering y'all, but Sky Suggestion got me thinking about gambling games for the Wii.
If Nintendo ever decides to get on the ball and make some Wii DS connectivity set up,
you can very easily expand the playability of Wii gambling titles, such as playing poker or blackjack.
Combine this with online capabilities, and I believe there could be a fulfilling Wii title.
Heck, Wii Clubhouse Games. Why not?
The point is Nintendo's stubborn lack of celerity and grasping the online world is mind-bogglingly nonsensical.
Given Xbox 360's success through live, Nintendo could really take a hint.
On a side note, four-story sequel utilizing Wii DS connectivity would just plain rock.
Thanks for being so awesome and putting up with my annoying emails.
PS, you think Nintendo could reach out to the older community with games like Wii Are Old?
I'd like to get some mad shuffleboard action going on.
Wii Old?
To give credit where credit is due, wasn't that your idea, Loki, for the gambling games on the Wii?
I don't remember. I don't remember saying that. Maybe I did.
No, I never said anything about gambling games.
I might have been drinking. Well, I guess I did.
They have a World Series of Poker Tournament Champions, but that sucks.
We're talking about real money being gambled, but I think that would be a gray area that Nintendo...
Technically, gambling is illegal in Japan.
Well, that and that. Think about it.
Usually, those online gambling sites, you associate that with shadiness.
There are so many of them out there, and you always see the pop-up ads, and you go,
That's a little shady to me. I don't know if I want to get it.
Not to knock it if that's what you're into, but I'm sure you've done the research if you're going to spend money on it.
But you have to admit, there's a lot of crap out there that seems really shady.
So I wouldn't think Nintendo would want to damage their reputation with that.
Now, along the lines of what you say, like clubhouse games and those types of very casual games,
I think Xbox Live hit a goldmine with UNO, and I think Nintendo, if they were smart,
would be quick to get out a version of clubhouse games on the Wii or something like that
that kind of latches onto that where people could really do it.
But at the same time, I don't know if Wii is set up for that same type of online greatness, at least in what we know.
I mean, there might be unannounced things we don't know of yet, like there was on DS.
We didn't know that we'd be able to talk on the DS in certain games.
But Microsoft really has this rock-solid thing set up with Live,
and Nintendo is being a little slow about competing with that.
And the longer they take, the further ahead Microsoft's going to get ahead of them,
especially with the connectivity now with the 360 and the PC.
That's something that Nintendo can't do, so it's interesting.
I would think Nintendo would be trying to get a little bit of a move on, trying to get online,
but 2007 is going to be a big year.
I think Nintendo will make a move before the year is over,
and we'll really see what the full capability of their online stuff is.
The next email.
This is Hi, OLR.
I just thought I'd add to the anecdotal evidence that the PS3 is not selling
as well as Sony and the mainstream media would like you to believe.
In my continuing search for the Wii, I stopped into the usual big-box stores
as well as GameStop, EB Games, locations in my area fairly regularly.
This Saturday morning, I got up early and made my rounds once again.
At every stop on my journey, EB Games, Target, Walmart, Circuit City, Best Buy,
there were PS3s to be had, but not a single Wii in sight.
The Best Buy still has PS3s in stock from last week's flyer announcement.
I find this quite interesting and have to believe that the way too high price point,
lack of killer apps, and mounting bad press is really affecting the PS3 sales
while, at least at this moment, the Wii has all the momentum necessary
to sell every single unit put on the shelf, with people clamoring for more.
Two other small tidbits to note from the Saturday trip.
I was not the only person scavenging the stores for the Wii.
At several of my stops, I saw the same early 40s lady and her mother
also hoping to score an early morning Wii, pardon the pun.
The other tidbit is that while I was wandering aimlessly through the Target,
a woman came in and purchased an Xbox 360 system
while bypassing the two 60-gigabyte PS3s on display.
Sorry, Sony.
Keep up the good work on the podcast.
Your show is one of the two or three I look forward to every week
as it makes my daily grind that much easier to bear.
Thanks and take care.
Austin, OLR fan.
Well, thank you.
Again, we kind of got into it a little bit earlier on the show.
I think now that Christmas is over,
I don't think the demand for the PlayStation 3 is so much there,
and I think the media fear has a lot to do with that.
Very interesting though, the Nintendo still going,
but again, I'd be very interested to see.
I think we know that Nintendo has more systems out there at this time
than Nintendo or Xbox did this far out,
I mean, than Sony or Microsoft did this far out after launch,
but I just think it would be interesting still to see the comparison there.
But I do think it is pretty obvious
that Nintendo's kicking some serious booty right now,
but it's price.
It's all about the price.
This one's a quickie.
Just a random wee question.
What do they call the nunchuck attachment in England?
I believe it's still called the nunchuck, which I still think is a...
Who is that from?
Same person?
No different person.
Oh.
It wasn't signed.
Oh.
I don't read out email addresses or names through email,
so if it's not signed, I won't say your name.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's called the nunchuck.
I think we have some UK listeners in chat.
I think it's still called the nunchuck.
Okay.
Next one, actually.
Well, it's one from someone we've already gotten an email from,
but I'll go ahead and read it because it's quick.
Hello, OLR.
I've been an avid listener of your show ever since
I heard my friends talk about it around episode 175.
It's great just listening to y'all while tuning everything else out at work.
Makes time go by a lot quicker.
Anywho, my roommate Greg just had a thought about the Wii,
and I just thought I'd share it with y'all.
I hope y'all enjoy.
Actually, he didn't say what the thought was.
That might have been the other email.
Oh.
My bad.
Well, all right then.
Okay, I'm going to skip...
Well, I will say this, though.
Saisha, who left us the voicemail earlier from the UK,
he's actually in chat right now and confirms it is the nunchuck.
It's still called the nunchuck over there.
Okay.
So there you go.
We've got three more to go.
All right.
This one comes from Necky, who's another one of our UK listeners.
Hello, OLR.
Once again, it's me, Necky.
The New Year show was great, by the way.
Thank you.
It was fun.
Thanks.
Has anyone heard the news about the PSP Lite?
It also included a link from newstechspy.com.
The rest of the URL is articles06sonypsi.html.
The Wii is very hard to find over here at the moment and is a right pain.
I can't find any store with any in stock yet for 180 pounds.
I have to say, though, I was very tempted to get an Xbox 360 after playing Saints Row
yesterday.
Maybe I should get a 360 now and get a Wii later when there's better games out.
Your thoughts?
I'm enjoying my DS at the moment and hoping to keep doing so.
If you haven't already, check out Metroid Prime Hunters on DS.
It's fun.
Talk to you later, Necky.
Thanks for the email.
There was something in there I was going to say.
Now I forgot because I've got sidetracked.
What else did you say?
Just buying a 360 now and get a Wii later?
360 is a really good.
Again, it all comes down to, and if you've been listening to the show for any length
of time, we always say this golden rule of gaming is a system is only as good as the
games that are on it.
That's the golden rule of gaming.
It's really about what types of games do you want to be playing right now.
If you want to play Zelda, you want to play Trauma Center, you want to play WarioWare,
you got to go for the Wii.
If you want to be playing, you said you played Saints Row and if that was fun to you and
you want to play other types of sandbox games like that that are on their way to 360 such
as Grand Theft Auto later this year and some of the other Gears of War, whatever else 360
has to offer, Oblivion, Pinata, whatever, maybe that's the system for you.
If you're an online gamer, 360 is where it's at.
If you have a soft spot in your heart for the retro classics, Wii is where it's at
for the Nintendo stuff.
It's really about what you want, but be careful.
I know how sometimes money burns a hole in your pocket and it makes you make rash decisions
and I've done this many, many times especially with game purchases, but you'll thank yourself
if you take five minutes to really think about what you buy before you buy it.
Second to last email.
Hi guys, hope your New Year's was good and either peaceful or eventful in a good way.
That's a nice way to phrase it.
I had a long thought to state that considering my throat is coughing up, fur balls and other
dryness, I figured just to get into it.
Playing Elite Beat Agents, I've managed to get to the third difficulty level and notice something.
The final songs in particular, Without a Fight and the Jumpin' Jack Flash cover, I noticed
how it just matched the mood of the scenario, even getting goosebumps when the songs were being played.
It got me to think about some of the boss slash climactic battles in video games over the years.
How listening to the music just adds to the battle to make it more memorable.
So I was wondering, what were some of your favorite songs used in boss battles?
Well, that's all for now as my throat is causing me to be cloudy right now.
See you guys at the chatroom and that's DDR Dollar Reel.
You've actually become one of my good Doctor Who fandom buddies.
I actually agree, I thought those songs fit the mood so well in Elite Beat Agents,
and yet another reason why I think it is a travesty that that game is not ending up on more best of 06 lists.
I think it was seriously one of the absolute best games.
I'm sorry, it's better than Guitar Hero 2.
It is, it really is.
I guess that's my opinion, take it or leave it.
I think the game is being horribly underlooked and I think people are passing off the song list
without really sitting down and trying it.
Because I'll tell you what, if you got turned off by the fact that it has Ashley Simpson,
Lala, Avril Lavigne, Sk8er Boi, trust me, the music fits better than you're giving it credit for.
So give it a try, give it a try.
And yeah, those songs really fit the mood.
As far as boss battles, I was going to say,
Hello, Final Fantasy VII, One Winged Angel, who doesn't remember the Sephiroth?
I mean, we still use that music on this program today.
That's the ad that children read.
That is like the epic boss battle music.
I mean, yeah, this is the avid children one in particular.
But, you know, who?
Badass music.
I remember, though, how long that took because I did the Knights of the Round Quadra Magic combo.
Just casting it, going and making a sandwich, and hearing One Winged Angel in the background.
It was really cool.
If I want to go way old school, think about some of the 8-bit games that had some great final boss music.
And I don't know, one that sticks out in my mind for whatever awkward reason,
I think just one of the first songs I remember, was Remember Super Mario Bros. 2?
When you finally made it to Wart, and you fought him, and it had some pretty cool final boss battle music.
It was pretty cool.
It sticks out in my mind for whatever reason.
I also do have to say, I really...
Oh, and how ironic, Junami actually just mentioned both of them.
I was going to say all of the wily stage musics in the various Mega Man, Rock Man games.
I was noticing that. DMN said that, too.
I fully, fully agree.
The first one actually was even decent, but the Mega Man games just had awesome music at any rate.
There was the Jenova battle in Final Fantasy VII, too, from the first disc right after Stupid Crack Whore gets killed.
I think that that was actually some pretty good music for boss battles.
Our chat room is getting in the fun on this here.
Shadow Charlie says, final battle music for Sonic 3.
GS68 says, destination blackout from MT2.
Rama says, Bowser theme from Mario Bros. 3.
GS68 says, the final battle music from Final Fantasy IV.
I do have to agree with the Chrono Trigger ones, just the Lavos battle.
I especially love just going after you've beaten the game a few times on New Game Plus,
going back and just doing it right away, and then you get the Maker's ending.
Or even better, The Legend of Max.
No!
For DDR? Kinda. Kinda.
Actually, Guitar Man, the last level music in Guitar Man was pretty hardcore.
To me, those songs don't invoke that same emotional response that I think was alluded to in the email.
Any more emails? One more?
Yes, we do have one more email.
And this one comes from Holy Shonen.
Dear OLR, I'm a huge fan, have enjoyed your show greatly for the past year and a half.
Just recently started being in the chat room, don't call me a noob.
We call people noobs with the biggest of affections.
No, I know, yeah. We say noob less than three.
Less than three, that's a heart on its side.
Anyway, I was wondering if you could help me with a problem I'm having.
My desktop just died and I need a new one.
Since my desktop would be for gaming, music, movies, etc., I was thinking of getting a PC.
However, since I love my MacBook so much, I thought I could get a good Mac with two operating systems so that my PC-only games actually run on it.
I'm not sure I need advice. Always weird, Holy Shonen.
P.S., Loki, I love you, but I cannot support your hatred of Mac computers.
Smiley.
Smiley, Loki, smiley.
This is something that I was going to do, except it was a little cost prohibitive for me at this junction in my life.
Also, given that I have a massive library of PC-only stuff, and that, and we've got the parts sitting in my garage to actually build me a new computer.
I was going to get the 24-inch widescreen iMac and dual formatted PC and Mac.
I did run virtual PC as well. I don't know how well it works on the new builds.
What is my laptop doing?
For me, it's a little early for that whole dual format thing for me.
It's still kind of a new technology in my mind.
I'm not ready for that.
It's the same as having Linux and Windows on the same box.
I wouldn't do that to my machine.
It's the same as having two different versions of Windows.
Let me just put it this way. Me personally, I have a, I don't even know the name of my freaking little, was that an iBook, the laptop?
Yeah, you have an iBook.
I have an iBook.
I have an iBook, and I just call it my Apple laptop.
I have an iBook, and I have a PC desktop, and I love it.
I love that setup.
I have the best of both worlds.
I recommend folks do the same.
I think it's great.
It's a great combo.
The only real reason that I was really wanting the Mac stuff myself is being a graphic artist.
But honestly, I've done great quality work on my PC.
At this point in my life, you know, it's really a matter of your preference.
I think if you are doing graphics professionally, video editing professionally, Mac is the way to go.
But if you're doing it for yourself or casually like me, then I don't see as much of a point in it.
I think they're great systems.
I think it just depends on what you want to do with it.
I like how much space they save.
I got a private message from someone that said, you know, it's just do a booting.
What's the big reservation?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm being stupid with it, and you're right.
Folks do Linux and Windows and that stuff all the time, so what's the big deal?
I don't know.
I don't see the need to do that on my desktop to have the Mac and the PC when I have a Mac laptop.
You know what I mean?
If I need Apple for something, but I don't have that graphical and music need or whatever.
The Apples are very strong.
I don't have that need.
I just like the fact that one thing I do use my Macintosh for a lot is I like author DVDs.
My really good friend John takes a lot of pictures, and I make DVDs out of them.
The Mac is awesome for that.
I love it compared to anything I've tried on the PC.
Little things like that.
I get all that out of my laptop, so I don't have the need for this whole dual boot thing.
To me, it's kind of a waste of resources.
For me, personally, I'm not criticizing anyone else that wants to do it, but I'm just saying for me.
Jaded in here runs four operating systems.
Actually, what I was thinking about doing myself, because I actually want to learn Linux a little bit better.
When we rebuild my new computer, I'm actually going to have two-
My plan is to have two 20 gig hard drives in it as my boot drives, one with Linux, one with-
My new system's going to be- I can run Visa on it, so I'm taking out my 250 right now,
putting it in a USB case, which ironically, the one I'm looking at is called Metal Gear,
and having that be portable between my laptop and my PC so that anything that I want, anything I need to do,
there it is, and 20 gig will easily store the programs I want to run.
Any more emails?
No, but this proves that we're big dorks.
I guess, a little bit.
All right, if you have more emails you want to send, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send them,
and we also offer and welcome interaction through our Skype line,
which will be open very soon after another little chunk of stories here.
You might want to get your Skype fired up.
It's username Orange Lounge Radio or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll let you know when those are open, but we have a couple quick final stories here for you.
Loki.
Of course, a big one, I think, this week, GameStop purchased Rhino Video Games.
Now, for those of you who might not be in the United States, especially on the East Coast,
you might not know of Rhino Video Games.
They're actually a chain that's in the Southeast, and they brought a 72-store chain.
It's pretty large, and they were kind of competing with GameStop offering some better trade-in deals
and a popular two-for-one deal and trade-in to use items, get one free.
So, lots of good stuff there, but it is official.
The Blockbuster-owned company Rhino Video Games has been bought by GameStop,
and this isn't really huge news, I think.
Well, for you it is.
Well, for me it's not, because we've kind of known that something like this is going to happen.
Really?
Blockbuster has been entertaining offers for a while now for Rhino Video Games.
I know because we sell to them, so it's not a huge surprise.
Blockbuster is trying to kind of recover some losses and stuff,
and they don't really want to go focus right now on video games, mainly more movies.
Yeah, they've got Netflix to worry about.
Yeah, it's kind of a disappointment to see them being bought up,
because I hear they're a very good store chain.
Where do they exist mostly?
We don't have them here in California.
The southeast, no, the southern east, over north South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama.
I know Rhino.
So, that's pretty much where they were located.
I want to say they have like 72 locations, if I remember correctly.
See, here in California we've always had GameStop, pretty much,
because previously we always had Software, etc., and Funkoland.
Bappages.
Yeah, they all got absolved.
I don't remember Bappages here in California.
Bappages, keep in mind GameStop is also owned by Barnes & Noble, Inc.
I think they're fully owned subsidiaries,
so Bappages since Bappages was Barnes & Noble's arm for games and tech.
The Barnes & Noble's craze, from my recollection,
did not really start here in this state until about ten years ago, and that whole thing.
Those stores did not start going up until about ten years ago.
It was always Waldenbooks, which is borders, essentially.
Well, apparently the whole thing is supposed to go down on the 14th.
That's when I guess it's going to become official and they're going to start.
I don't know if they're going to either convert these stores over to GameStops,
which I hear that might be what's going to happen,
or if it's going to be like this whole GameStop, EB thing,
where they're still GameStop and EB, but they're owned by GameStop type thing.
Kind of like Movie Gallery and Hollywood Video,
they're both independent, but they're owned by the same company type thing.
Interesting.
Movie Gallery is another one we don't have out here, but they have other places.
Actually, we do.
Do we?
Yes.
We have locally, for us, for those in the Sacramento area,
I think the closest one is in Placerville.
Huh. That's news to me.
Don't they rep porn at Movie Gallery?
I don't know.
I think so, actually. I've been in a Movie Gallery.
Sweet.
My dad used to flirt with the lady behind the counter.
Just go to the Video Clearance Center.
They have tons of porn there.
In fact, they carry more porn than, I think, actual videos now.
They actually said, I went into one and they said they had a green door
that you could go behind to buy the porn.
They actually had to paint their door.
Paint it green?
Somebody raised a stink and they had to paint over the green door.
With what?
I think it's purple now.
Okay, so now it's a purple door.
What's it?
Go behind the green door to buy it.
Never mind.
Okay.
Anyway, forget it.
Look.
This is so horrible that we have to follow up that topic with this,
but it's just the way it was scripted, folks.
Let's talk about charity.
We'll go to the opposite end of the spectrum,
from buying porn to donating to charity.
Of course, one charity a lot of gamers know about
is Penny Arcade's Child Play charity,
and they raised over $1 million this year.
It was posted on the Child's Play website this week that,
quote, you guys did it.
You broke $1 million in just over two months.
Child's Play started as a way to show how good our community can be,
but it's turned into something greater than we could have ever imagined.
We're making an impact on lives.
See you next year.
They're at $1,024,400.
That's great.
That's awesome.
Congratulations.
I think it's a damn shame the media won't ever cover that.
In the same capacity that they cover, I should say,
because I'm sure they get a nice story here and there,
but in the same way that Game Boy Electrocute Small Child,
kids go and shoot up their schools because of video games,
it's never going to get the same.
That documentary, not really a documentary,
but that documentary on video game violence called Moral Combat,
I think you'd find better quality behind the beaded doors in a movie gallery.
Behind the purple door.
At any rate, speaking of quality, and I vote this for quality,
Guitar Hero 2 360 is going to have additional content.
They're not really saying much about it.
Rumor has it that it might be new modes, downloadable content,
probably for new songs coming out, sort of like how Karaoke Revolution goes.
Putting out the original Guitar Hero songs with extra bass or rhythm guitar,
I think that'd be pretty cool.
And it does say though, right on the box,
that there are additional songs and downloadable content.
Sweet.
I know there was a reason I was holding out for this game on the 360,
and this is exactly why.
And yes, I do realize I was saying things that may seem a little anti-Guitar Hero
earlier in the show, but I'm really not.
I really do like Guitar Hero a lot.
I just don't think it's God's gift to gaming.
I think there were better games that came out in 06 and so on.
But I've been holding out to buy this.
I've played it on PS2, and sure, it's fun,
but I've been holding out for 360, and I knew that this was why.
I'm also going to link in the chat room,
though there is a picture of this up on a Team Xbox site
that has what the box art is.
So I'm posting that right now.
The box art was very interesting looking to me, I have to say.
But very cool, I liked it.
I'm looking forward to it.
You know I'm going to get it anyway.
I know you will.
All right.
We are going to open up our Skype line over at orangelaundry.com.
Click on interact with us for more details,
but I'll give you some of the low down right now.
It's Orange Lounge Radio is our username on Skype.
Or you can give us a call over the traditional telephone.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's 1-877-GAME-OLR, and that's toll free in the United States and Canada.
International listeners, you may want to look into the Skype thing
because they will charge your ass if you use the telephone.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Nim.
Oh, Nim.
Hi, Nim.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much, really.
I didn't expect to get it through.
Well, you did.
You don't have anything you want to share with us tonight?
Why did you call?
Oh, yeah.
I was making a kibi.
You were making what?
The computer.
You were making what?
A new game.
Oh, you're the one that messaged Loki earlier
and said you're making this game called kibi.
Yeah.
What is this all about?
Well, it's going to run off of a modified version of StepMania.
A couple of the OLR mates are going to help us with it.
And, yeah, that's pretty much all we're doing.
We're looking for artists and such.
Have you made a post in our forums about it?
No.
Right now it's pretty much underground.
Well, now you just outed it to all the folks that listen to the program.
So go post on the forums.
I'm sure you can get some help.
And good luck to you on the project.
All right.
So it's supposed to be a BeatMania-ish game,
but with DDR's interface?
Turn down your radio.
Hold on a second.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
See, I could hear myself in the background.
Turn down the radio.
When you call radio programs, turn down the radio.
Have you seen Death Metal Force, Rob?
That's because I love Guar.
Damn headphones.
All right, no, that's right.
So anyway, what was I going to say?
So this is what DDR...
It's based on a DDR interface, but it's BeatMania.
Yeah, have you seen the videos of StepMania?
Yeah, and I always thought...
99% of people who play StepMania are just doing finger-finger revolution.
Very few people are actually hooking up dance pads at the computer.
So I think it's a good idea.
To make something that's actually not pretending to be actual dancing.
Yeah, I know.
That's the point.
Great!
Then I fully support this project.
Yeah.
All right.
I'll draw you a picture.
Good luck to you.
I'll do announcer packs if you need it.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
All right, no problem.
Good luck with your project.
And keep us informed on the forums or whatever, all right?
All right, well, I guess he hung up.
If you want to call us, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or username is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Paradox Vincent.
Hi, Paradox Vincent.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I was picking my friend up a game at GameStop recently, and they had a Game Informer
and a display, so I picked it up and I flipped through the reviews.
I thought they gave Wii Sports a 6.5 out of 5.
Wait, they gave Wii Sports a 6.5 out of 5?
Yeah.
Is that a typo or something?
No.
How do you give a game a 6.5 out of 5?
Do I think they gave it one?
Yeah.
I think they gave it one because it's not like Gears of War.
It's not this hyper polished first person shooter that takes years upon years to make.
It's just a simple little sports game.
You meant to say 6.5 out of 10, right?
Yeah.
Okay, there it is.
Okay, so I was thinking, what, 6.5 out of 5?
Are they giving it multiple scores because there's four or five games in it?
Okay, so they gave it 6.5 out of 10.
Okay, now I got you.
So they gave it a bit of a lower score because it's not a pretty game, I suppose is what
you're saying.
Yeah, but the thing is that every single person that I've showed this game to, they've absolutely
loved it.
She was an older woman, a middle aged woman, come up to my mom and says, hey, have you
checked out Wii Bowling?
And for someone of that age to come up to another woman of a similar age and discuss
a video game with them, I think Nintendo's done exactly what they wanted to do in the
first place.
Yeah, it's like you're living in Bizarro World for a minute when your parents are the ones
talking about games.
Let me quote the review real quick.
Their basic breakdown of this, this is a concept, an uneven intro into the system and its controllers,
but at least it's free.
Graphics, they say the game uses Mii avatars on your Wii, but that's about the only eye
catching thing about it.
The tiny sound that comes from the Wii remote really starting to bug me.
It says playability, sometimes there are inconsistencies between your movement and what happens on
screen.
Entertainment, this is a shallow game by design, but it does offer some occasional fun.
Replay moderately low, which I don't really agree with.
Yeah, and you know what, look, gosh, I'm going into rant mode here in a minute, hold
on.
All right.
The gaming media as it stands today is in for a rude awakening because of what Nintendo
is doing here.
I mean, look at the way that most critics really dog the hell out of Excite Truck.
Yet, again, it's the same thing.
We showed this game to non-gamers and they love it.
For people that have been playing games a while, yeah, Burnout's a prettier game.
Yeah, Test Drive Unlimited was a really revolutionary game with its online system and these games
were fantastic, but Excite Truck kept it simple.
People picked up this thing and just went and loved it and loved the control and loved
being able to move the control.
You remember back in the day if you ever let a non-gamer or even some regular gamers would
play an old 8-bit game, they'd move their body with the controller and when they jumped
they'd pull back and all that stuff.
Nintendo made that a part of the game.
When they said they were going new generation, they meant it.
That's why I think a lot of people that have been in this line of thinking for a while
are going to be in for Rude Awakening pretty soon.
Nintendo is not making games necessarily for the hardcore gamer.
So you know what?
I urge you guys out there who read a lot of these reviews, and it's not just this particular
one, but think about all these stories we've had lately.
We had EGM Bash Elibits when a lot of folks feel it didn't need it.
We had GameSpot, heaven forbid, didn't give Zelda a 9 or a 10 and they received the wrath
of Nintendo fanboys everywhere.
I think it is very interesting that the common theme here is all Nintendo Wii games.
The other thing too is people need to understand these are critics.
Here's a website I recommend checking out, metacritic.com.
Definitely check it out because they break down.
They have a list of all the scores at different magazines and websites and whatnot published.
We don't have anything on here.
They also, but it does give an average and it also has user averages.
That's a really good place to look, especially if you're wondering if a game is good or not.
Don't read one magazine or a couple of magazines because certain people have certain tastes
in magazines.
For example, if I were rating a sports game, I'd probably give it a little score because
I hate sports games.
That's not fair, but unfortunately, there are biased reviews out there.
That's why you need websites like this or just to kind of...
Awesome.
Well, here it is.
You're already doing the right thing.
You found an internet podcast with gamers who probably game somewhat similarly to you.
A lot of the people who wrote us and said that they appreciated our opinions and things
like that were gamers that play a lot of the similar games we do.
Maybe you disagree with us.
Maybe you listen to the top 10 list.
Loki and I and Dark Soccer said earlier in the show and you're like, God, they're full
of crap.
Well, then go out and find another one of the hundreds of video game podcasts that are
out there being produced by independent gamers like you and me that have similar tastes.
I think that is where things are headed and that's why I say that the traditional gaming
press is in for a rude awakening very soon.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Any other thoughts?
I've been dominating the conversation.
I apologize.
What do you think, buddy?
I agree with you.
I think that if they are in for a rude awakening, I'm really welcoming that because up until
now, it's kind of been viewed... I mean, gaming has been viewed as a very nerd culture.
I think that just being able to interact with something that's on TV isn't evil.
It's not obscure.
It's pretty natural for me, so I think that if somebody can just sit down and have fun
with a game, then I think that's exactly what Nintendo wants them to do and that's exactly
what I think they are going to and I'm hoping they're going to achieve.
Out of curiosity, outside of Nintendo Power, can anyone, whether on the phone or here in
the room, think of... Is there a magazine out there geared towards the casual gamer?
No.
I'm not necessarily saying that Nintendo Power is like that magazine, but you know what I
mean?
Like something that would maybe give the Wii game reviews the perspective that the big
boys are missing out on?
Is there any type of publication like that right now?
Not that I know of.
Maybe there ought to be.
Specifically the gaming.
I don't know.
Maybe they figured that because they're casual gamers, they wouldn't want to buy magazines
about gaming.
I don't know.
Just kind of wondering.
Well, maybe you need to look at reviews.
If you want to look at what casual gamers think, you need to look at game reviews as
a subsection of bigger magazines like the game reviews in Entertainment Weekly or the
game reviews in Time and Newsweek and that's why I find it very fascinating that you have
magazines like Time and Newsweek or whichever one of those.
Forbes.
Wii Sports, the game of the year.
I don't know.
It's just fascinating.
But then again, for a casual gamer, just like he said, grandma's talking to grandma about
Wii bowling.
Yeah, but see, these people are also going to say, oh, the Wii is the best system in
the fucking world because you swing around in the game and it's more interactive.
That's not a really informed decision.
That's just, I see something different, ooh, shiny.
I don't know.
It's just kind of on the other end of the spectrum instead of having someone that's
really hardcore into a game, you have someone reviewing a game that knows jack shit about
games and they're reviewing it just because Nintendo told them it's an awesome game, oh,
it's an awesome game.
So, I don't know.
All right.
Well, any other thoughts you want to share with our listeners, Paradox Vincent?
Trauma Center is amazing.
It is.
It is great.
Horribly under looked and if you own a Wii, you owe it to yourself to at least rent this
damn game and check it out.
I think it's pretty.
I mean, I'm spoiled by the 360s graphics and you know what little I've seen of the PlayStation
3.
The graphics in Trauma Center, not that thrilling, but that's not the point.
That's not the point of Trauma Center.
Oh, yeah.
And I think I'm not surprised.
Once again, I'm sure the mainstream gaming press kind of missed that, but the game is
more fun than a lot of games I've played in a long time.
Anyway, we got to let you go, Paradox Vincent, so we can take other calls, but thanks so
much for inspiring the lively chat we've had here.
All right.
Just saying.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Let's go to another phone call, shall we?
Let's go to this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is DMN.
Oh, boy.
You always...
Hi.
You always manage to get through.
Hi.
When are you coming to visit me again?
May.
Okay.
Yeah, they're planning.
The rest of OLR's contributors are planning something big for the fifth anniversary of
OLR, which, by the way, I forgot to say this at the top of the show, but this episode would
mark our third year of podcasting, or our third birthday.
Yay.
Yay.
Whatever.
Okay.
Great.
And then we were forced to eat Rob's shoes.
You can only celebrate so many landmark shows.
So anyway, whatever.
DMN, what's on your mind tonight?
Two things.
It was one, but that previous call fired up some other things.
One, I'm disappointed in the three of you.
Why?
I didn't do it.
You did, Jamie.
No.
I did not hear Okami out of any one of you three.
I didn't play Okami.
Interesting, huh?
I think it's because PS2 games, late generation PS2 games, are being horribly overlooked in
this last push towards the next gen of gaming, and yeah, I guess I'm a little bit guilty
of that.
But again, it's kind of one of those cases where if I had more, if I had a top 20 or
a top 15, probably Okami would have made it.
Or even, it could have been my number 10, but I had to say Sneaking.
I had to.
Well, yeah, but I mean, for one, Okami was my game of the year, if anybody was an SDFU.
All three of you.
No, we don't listen to it.
Ok.
Okami was my game of the year, and I was surprised that none of you guys said it.
So you guys saw it.
I didn't play it.
And there's probably 500 other people out there listening going, why didn't they rank
this game higher?
Why didn't they put this game on the list?
Why not this?
Why not that?
You know what?
That's the whole point of Top List, is it's just one opinion and take it or leave it.
Yeah.
I'm not saying Okami's a bad game by any means.
It's fantastic, but you know.
Ok, good, because if you said it's a bad game, I'd punch you in the face.
No, I don't feel that way at all.
That means you'd have to come here to do it, and I'd have to catch it on film.
I didn't.
Exactly.
I did not get it.
Well, I left Gears of War off my top 10, and Gears of War wouldn't even be in my top 20.
But that's just me personally.
I was severely disappointed by Gears of War.
Go back and listen to me supporting Michelle from Video Game Outsiders in last week's episode.
She felt the same way I did.
It wasn't all that.
It was pretty, and that's it.
To me.
But anyway.
Number two is Nintendo Power for about the past year hasn't really been catered toward
the casual gamer.
They've changed their outlook on things.
I wasn't trying to say Nintendo Power was a casual gamer's magazine, but I was trying
to think, what magazine is reviewing Wii games from the perspective of, I am not a hardcore
gamer.
I'm someone who just likes to have fun.
What gaming magazine could Nelly read?
None of them.
None of them.
I'll tell you why.
First of all, you see shitty games.
I could bring up a big example several years back, a game for the PS2 called State of Emergency.
This game was hyped as hell.
This is when I knew one of my favorite magazines, Jump the Shark, EGM, I believe they gave the
game an 8.5, and it was one of the worst games I've ever played.
It started making me think that I think some of those developers pay off magazines to give
their games good reviews, and if that is the case, I'm very sorely disappointed in gaming
media.
Look at Atari and Driver 3, that's what they did.
I'm not going to go there because I don't have the proof to back it up, but it's a very
interesting industry because you take the passion that movie fans have about movies,
go to those big movie websites like Ain't It Cool News, just read the passion that people
have for movies, multiply that by 100, and you have the gaming fans and the games.
It's something else, and the gaming fans will respond appropriately, I think.
I don't think gaming fans are stupid.
Look at what happened with All I Want for Xmas is a PSP.com, case in point.
You could also put the Halo franchise in that same limelight.
I don't think that they're 10 out of 10s as what a lot of magazines gave Halo 1 and some
gave Halo 2 when it came out.
I think they're decent, but they're not industry-changing games.
What's funny with that, I would actually disagree, I do think Halo 2 is a 10 out of 10 game,
but that's just me.
I do think it's an industry-changing game, but that's, again, its opinion.
But that's about it.
All right.
Well, DMN, so you're going to have the guy from VG Cats on your show on Thursday, we
hope?
Either this or next week, that's what we're shooting for.
How are you landing all these big interviews?
You just smoothing, writing nice e-mails and all that stuff?
How much dick are you having to suck, I guess is what I'm asking.
Well, you taught me, so...
Oh, okay.
Yet I must have taught you better than myself because we're not landing any of these big
interviews, but you are, so no.
That's cool.
We love VG Cats.
I'm looking forward to hearing that episode.
Tell them that they're my favorite webcomic ever.
I'm sure he's going to take the time to point that out.
The chick on OLR loves you.
All right, DMN.
Have a good time.
We're going to try to get another call before we leave.
All right.
Have a good one.
Take care, guys.
Bye.
Bye.
If you want to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR or the Skype line is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's try at least one more call here, maybe more if we're feeling saucy.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, Raven's Dolphin.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I just want to say that Microsoft did not give early adopters the shaft.
They did not give who the shaft?
Early adopters.
Oh, early adopters.
Early adopters.
Okay.
Why not?
Because they did not introduce the HDMI port for the Xbox 360 XS.
Oh, so you're saying that you've been following the keynote tonight and they did not, in fact,
introduce the HDMI port today?
No.
No.
They didn't.
They didn't even say HDMI.
They just went like, okay, this is the Xbox 360 IPTV.
This is what you can do with it.
This is Uno.
Now you can play Uno on the road.
You can play Uno here.
You can play Uno there.
You can even play this there.
So are you saying this story is bullshit?
Oh, yeah.
I'm saying it's super bullshit now.
I don't know if it's coming later.
I'm keeping my mind open to it.
You know what?
The gadget story in the subsequent YouTube video, pretty daunting evidence.
I think there would be a future Xbox that has these add-ons.
I think maybe now is just not the time for Microsoft to want to be announcing that.
I think they're still trying to move 360s in the wake of a competitive battle with PlayStation
3 and Wii.
I think maybe now is just not the time they want to announce it, but I think by summer
they will.
One more thing I want to tell you about that HDMI hookup in the back of the 360.
I ran through VGA.
They opened it up through VGA through the TV.
True.
They do.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see.
No.
Okay.
I just want to say they didn't give me the shot, and I am now trying to get money up
for Windows Vista.
Well, good luck.
I know.
You're right.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
See ya.
Boy, some people get through every week, but that's okay.
Okay.
We do love our regular listeners.
One more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is DDR Dollar Bill.
Hi, DDR Dollar Bill.
What's on your mind?
Oh, not much.
Just trying to call and say hi and what's up, and I do have a question, though.
Okay.
I haven't heard you guys talk too much about portables, like DS games, except like Cooking
Mama.
That would be me.
Yeah?
Yeah.
My favorite game, too, by the way.
So what were you hoping that we would be talking about?
I don't know.
It was like, because I just started Hating Guys November, and one of the games I wasn't
sure if you guys talked about was in the Castlevania series.
You know what's funny is that we got, the last time I actually played the Castlevania
game, I do still need to pick up the new one on DS, but we did get to play it in August
at the little Konami thing we went to.
I really enjoyed it, more than the previous DS games, I get all the names confused.
Dawn of Sorrow?
Is that it?
Dawn of Sorrow?
Yeah, Dawn of Sorrow is the last one.
And this new one, Portrait of Ruin.
Portrait of Ruin I liked quite a bit.
I liked the whole fact that you had kind of the two characters, and I liked the fact that
you kind of went outside the castle into other worlds.
It felt a little more like Simon's Quest, I suppose, in that regard.
Or Mario 64, where you jump into the paintings.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kind of like that, yeah.
So yeah, no, it was pretty cool.
I do want to check out the final release of the game, although I'm pretty sure what we
played in August was pretty close to final.
Yeah, I've been playing for a while, it's really good.
I've never seen a fast...
What was the other game we played that Kojima was behind on the DS?
Yeah, that hasn't come out yet.
I can't remember the name of it.
What was that like, Mark?
I don't know.
Damn it.
That was pretty decent.
Lunar Nights.
Lunar Nights, thank you.
That was pretty decent, I liked that.
Which one was it?
Lunar Nights was pretty fun.
It's the sequel to Boktai, I believe.
Oh really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It really reminded me of Boktai, but without that stupid chip in the cart, you don't actually
have to be out in the sun, which did not work for me on the advance.
I'm going to take a shot.
And I've been sinking a lot of hours lately into Elite Beat Agents, which I think I've
been showering love and adoration on on this program, and Final Fantasy III on the DS.
You know what I'm excited about?
The Warriors is coming out on the PSP at the end of the month.
And I was going to say, PSP-wise, I don't know if you're gaming on that, but some games
I've said previously to check out.
Luminous 2, very good if you haven't played Luminous on live, or especially the first
one.
Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins.
The Gradius Collection and those other retro titles are great.
Was it the Twinvee Collection, which is coming out, and the Salamander Collection, and of
course, for Game Boy Advance Final Fantasy VI, first week in February there, Diddy Kong
Racing for the DS.
We love our handhelds, it's just the past couple months have been mostly the systems
for me.
The consoles, I should say.
Yeah, just, hmm, Warriors on the PSP, I hope it plays like the Xbox and PS2 versions.
Oh, we'll see.
Yeah, I hope so, because I tried Luminous, but you said, and on the phone, actually.
Oh.
On the cell phone.
I couldn't really hear the music, but the gameplay was actually addicting.
Yeah, I mean, remember that on an actual system it's gonna look so much better, and yeah,
if you thought the gameplay was addicting on the phone, wait till you play it.
I think Luminous is a fantastic game.
I didn't put Luminous 2 in my top 10 of the year, because unfortunately I felt it didn't
really add enough, especially when you consider the mobile really took some risks with the
gameplay.
I felt that Luminous 2 was a little too much more of the same for it to be justified on
the top 10 of the year, but it definitely was a very solid release, and if you have
not played Luminous at all, then it's okay to skip Luminous 1 and go right to 2, because
it does have some added things, and I think the additional skins in the music videos were
very cool.
Oh, that was the other reason why Luminous 2 lost a lot of brownie points with me, is
because they recycled way too much for Luminous 1.
So pretty much Luminous 2 is like Luminous 1 plus Unstuffed, then?
Yeah, but way more stuff, and if you don't have a PSP at all, you should get the Xbox
Live one, but I don't think you need both, unless you're really a puzzle game whore like
I am.
Well, not as much for me, but the 360 I'll get later.
I'm eagerly hoping that the music artist pack and the Heavenly Stars song is out very, very
soon.
It was supposed to be in January at some point, so we'll see.
Yeah, it'll be a while for me to get it, because of money and all that.
Any other thoughts for our listeners, DDR dollar bill?
I had a few, but I'm just still a little sick right now, so I just wanted to chime in about
the portables, because I never hear you guys talk about it.
We try to give it a little love once in a while, we do love our portables, I love my
DS, and my PSP for certain things.
Same here.
All right.
Well, thanks so much for the call, buddy.
Keep listening.
See you, guys.
All right, see you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Ah, those were some good calls tonight.
Little rough starts to some of them, but we got our way through them.
So thank you guys so much for calling in tonight, we're going to go ahead and close the Skype
line.
Sorry to those that didn't get through, but we still love you, we're almost to two hours
for this segment, so we've got to wrap this crap up.
Any last minute stories, you guys?
Yes.
Okay.
Necronasia is coming to the United States as a game called Escape from Bug Island, and
let me tell you this much, the game is as crappy as that new title.
So don't pick it up when it comes out, it's shit.
But Eidos is producing it, so that won't be the first time that their games suck.
Let's see here.
Then, of course, there was some news also coming from CES about Vista, and this isn't
really a huge surprise, that the Xbox 360 controller is going to be able to be used
with Vista.
In fact, it's going to be kind of like a standard for them, so, duh, big, huge surprise there.
What is kind of cool, though, is this Thursday, January 11th, there's going to be new content
for Gears of War coming out, including two free maps, Raven Down, which is going to be
a map set around a downed Raven helicopter, and it looks pretty, and there's also a new
map called Old Bones, which looks like a museum, which looks pretty cool.
Both those are going to be free because they're being sponsored by, and this is weird, the
Discovery Channel.
They're also giving away two million Microsoft points.
Doesn't Discovery HD, though, have a game special that's been airing or something?
I don't know.
I think so.
It makes a little sense to me.
So that's kind of cool, I guess.
Pretty cool.
And also there's a rumor that Nintendo is developing a wireless nunchuck already.
Interesting.
They need a wireless old school controller, a classic controller.
Classic controller.
Well, if they do the nunchuck, they can do the classic controller, I guess.
They will.
Dark Saga, do you have anything?
No.
All right.
Then that brings our show to a close.
Thanks again so much for tuning into and supporting Independent Radio, you guys.
Just a reminder, we're not live next week.
I'm sorry, live listeners, but we just have personal situations to be dealt with, and
that would include I'm finally going to Disneyland with the girls, so we'll take lots of pictures
and share that with you guys in the fan communities, and Loki has that other thing, which I'm just
now finding out about, and I really wish I could go to that, so please give those two,
my old Final Fantasy XI buddies, give them my best, and best wishes and all that stuff.
And we will still have a new audio blog or podcast, whatever you want to call it.
There will still be a new show that way, so apologies to live listeners.
I know you've had to deal with a break, but we promise after this week, we won't be having
a break for a long time, a long time, so if you bear with us, we'll be good.
So thank you guys so much for your continued support of our program.
You guys are awesome, and we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is there's this laser pen advertisement on this one page here, and it's
cool because it shoots a giant laser.
I want a laser.
Lasers are awesome.
I guess it's shiny.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
I really, really, really, really, really am tired of drinking my own medicinal tea to
make my throat work, and I want to cook something, but not right now.
I want to cook for real.
Bake me a pie.
I'll bake Shepherd's pie.
I'll make good Shepherd's pie.
My final thought is that Legend of Zaku says this, yay, that means you OLR listeners must
watch 24 next Sunday in the show's absence.
I would actually support that because 24 is a show I need to get back into that's really
good, and I'm going to TiVo it while we're gone.
People should look for us at Disneyland if they're going to be there.
Yeah, say hi.
You can't miss us.
If you've seen the little picture in the album art, you can't miss us.
We haven't changed much, although we do have new pictures coming, and I'm going to be working
extra-super-duper hard on a new website this week.
I'm very excited, and you'll see more about that.
Hopefully in two weeks we'll be able to launch it by the end of the month.
I'm very excited.
Rock on.
And the Orange Launch Radio 07, baby.
Speaking of those lasers, they're like two grand.
Fuck that shit for a laser pointer.
But they bridge.
I have a laser pointer.
You can cut shit with them though, so that's awesome.
You can literally burn out someone's retinas with that.
All right, well thank you guys again.
We can't thank you enough.
It's your support that keeps us going.
You guys are awesome.
Orange Launch Radio is for you guys.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next week with a new podcast here on Orange Launch Radio.
Thanks again.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Launch production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
