Music
Tonight, January 28th, 2007, Wii gets a new channel and rumors circulate of another,
Sony gets confused about its own game, and a new PC release shatters sales records.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game podcast dedicated to video games, the gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
I'm here to help you through the next few hours. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Roar. How you doing? Roar.
Do you need to be fed? Should I throw you some meat?
No, no, no. I just had an awesome, awesome night and a really crappy morning.
I'm glad to hear about your awesome night and I'm sad to hear about your crappy morning.
I'm sure we'll hear more about it a little later.
The Silver Lancer of Love is in the hospital.
So your car is broke. What happened to your car?
The bearings have some problems. It's not really the bearings themselves, just their grinding a little bit.
It was in my car last night. You heard it. It was pretty bad.
But we replaced my rotors, calipers, and the brakes.
See, what we did there was a little radio trick because the listeners don't know that I was in your car last night,
but it's a way for me to get you to talk about the problem because they don't know what's wrong with your car.
I know, but I was saying it for the sake of the noise that it was making.
It was pretty bad. It was pretty bad.
The death noise. You want to know what death metal is? Just let your brakes grind.
I thought her tire was flat, actually, is what I thought it was.
And then I got out of the car and I poked all the tires and they were fine. I said,
You're fucked.
Rob probed my car.
I did.
It was great.
You're the one who had the probe.
Say hello as well to the always probing tech master, Loki.
Hello.
You might want to turn that mic on so you can talk to us tonight.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
217 weeks, we're still having difficulty turning on our microphone.
Yeah, I don't check these things.
I turned it off, too. I was the one that did that.
How was your week?
You had a pretty good week?
Yeah, it was okay.
It was good.
I apologize in advance. I've kind of lost my voice somewhat tonight.
You're going to hear that my voice is kind of scratching.
I'm doing my best trying to drink some tea and coffee,
but those folks that have emailed us or posted on web forums that,
Rob talks too much on the show.
Rob should shut up once in a while.
You're probably going to get your wish tonight because, as you can hear,
I'm strained a little bit.
We've got some emergency for you.
I know. I'm probably going to drink some a little later, but my throat,
you know, I need hot drinks for the throat, so I've been drinking some green tea.
Boil it.
I will make some coffee later.
Boil it. It will be lovely and nasty.
I might try it. We'll see. I can drink whatever.
Yeah, I've been performing with a Rocky Horror Picture Show cast in the Bay Area,
and I was emceeing the show last night, introducing everybody out in San Francisco
and just screaming at the top of my lungs.
So that was kind of a stupid thing to do because now I have no voice.
So my bad. What can you do?
All right. Well, anyway, let's get into some game talk,
and we'll start it off with how is your gaming week,
because we always start off the show with how is your gaming week.
So Dark Soccer, how is your gaming week?
I played a little bit more Cooking Mama.
I haven't really had time to play much of anything as far as actual games go,
although I'm really thinking I'm going to actually stick with Guild Wars
for my game of choice.
I might play World of Warcraft, but right now I really don't have time with school.
My education really is the focus.
But last night I was over here while Rob was off in Rocky Land,
and I was watching a Miklotov play through Silent Hill 2, which was awesome,
but it wasn't scary to me.
There's only, like, one thing that really freaked me out,
and I don't even remember what that was.
I think it was climbing down the ladder and having Pyramid Head just be there,
and that spooked me a little bit.
That was really it.
Oh, and I played some Pinball.
I downloaded a game from my phone, though.
I downloaded Pac-Man Pinball, and it's ass.
What's wrong with it?
It's just boring.
It's not very...
It's two fields, and that's it.
Is it just a normal Pinball game, like hit left and right?
Yeah.
Stupid.
Sounds boring.
Like, they should do, like, virtual Pinball for the phone so I can play Black Knight.
Are there cell phone games you enjoy?
Because there's only, like, one or two I enjoy.
I have two that I play, and that's Luminous and Bejeweled.
The only two I play are Luminous and Super Pac-Man.
You know, Super Pac-Man's really hard to play on my phone.
I would much rather play it, excuse me, on an arcade machine or something,
but, you know, it's not bad for on the go.
I did delete virtual Pinball off of my computer
because it turned out that I had no space left,
and I managed to free up 17 gig.
Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
17 gigs.
On a 250 gigabyte hard drive.
It's all that, all the TV I'm downloading.
Thanks to certain people who are trying to get me into watching Heroes.
It worked.
Bite my ass.
I'm going to also introduce our invisible fourth guest
who's always here with us every week.
That's the chat room, because Orange Lounge Radio,
we believe in letting you guys be a part of our program.
So if you're listening live to us here on this Sunday evening,
head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat, or I believe you can also just go to chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
I think our lovely webmaster, VXJ's next V,
set that up quite some time ago,
and I keep forgetting to announce it that way.
I want to say hi to the noobs.
I know Godlike93 introduced himself as a chat room noob tonight,
so hi, noob!
I think I recognize all the other names.
If I missed any other noobs in chat tonight, I apologize.
The chat room is pretty much being very foul
as to why I have no voice tonight.
NM64 said Sky ate too many dicks.
Screw you.
Screw you.
I just screamed a lot.
I said the F word repeatedly very loudly,
and that's why I have no voice today.
Of course, that doesn't really help that story, does it?
No, it does not.
Never mind.
I think I want to edit that out of the show,
but we don't do that.
All right, Lowkey.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fun.
We played...
I actually finished Resistance finally,
and the end's kind of okay.
They're definitely making another one.
Didn't get a chance to play multiplayer, though.
I should have done that,
but I was too busy playing Crackdown, the demo,
and I played that about six or seven times
all the way through,
so that's over three hours of Crackdown,
and it's a fun game.
It's exactly what I was hoping it would be.
I mean, it's a perfect game for me
because you're this overpowered,
almost like a superhero-type character
just abusing the crap out of the citizens
that live in this one city.
And then I did get to play last night
multiplayer with Jeremy Todd 100,
and that was fun.
We just kept busting up
just how retarded things got.
I kind of couldn't get into the Crackdown demo,
but I played it when I didn't have a lot of time
to spend with it,
but you and I need to set a time
so you can show me what the hell
I'm supposed to do in that game
because it looks like it's pretty.
It looks like it might be fun.
When you actually sit down
and look at some of the detailing,
I mean, there's a lot of cars and people,
which is a lot more than, say,
Saints Row or something like that.
I do like just the amount of detail in it
and just the fact that when you're not
going around and trying to kill people,
you can climb a lot of stuff in there,
and that's actually kind of fun also.
It's kind of a different aspect of the game.
They reward you for that too.
In fact, one of the achievements
is climbing the tower that you start off in,
and that thing is high.
I managed to get up about,
I don't know, 20, 30, 40 stories,
and they jumped off of it and landed on a cop.
To my enjoyment,
we both exploded once I hit the ground.
But it was, I don't know,
it's really, really fun,
just a lot of killing things.
I'm worried that it might be a little short.
I'm not sure just because it seemed like
you could run through it pretty quick,
and if I've already killed three of the
kind of gang leaders in this already in 30 minutes.
Wasn't there some footnote in the demo
that said it was moving at an accelerated pace?
Well, the leveling up.
The skills were moving a bit faster,
but if you spend time with it leveling up,
you just kick the crap out of everybody later on,
which is fine because it's fun.
But co-op is definitely where it's at.
I really wish it was more than two players,
but even what was kind of weird,
though, when you're playing co-op,
there was lag, but there was lag on my end.
I would move and it would be delayed on my screen,
which is kind of weird, but it was fun.
I liked it, so I can't wait to check out the full game.
Alright, is that it?
I think that's it, yeah.
My game movie wasn't that exciting either.
Not a whole lot of new stuff to play.
I did play Luminous because the Heavenly Stars skin
came out this week, and of course,
that's one of my all-time favorite songs in Luminous,
probably like Shining and then Heavenly Stars.
So I was very excited to hear that it was coming
to the Xbox Live Arcade, and it's really cool.
It looks great on the TV, and it's a good time.
The only thing is that I think the mode that they made for it,
like they have a Heavenly Star mode,
where basically you just play the same song
over and over and over again, is kind of pointless.
I think it kind of proves that putting Heavenly Stars
in the game was a bit of an afterthought.
I think it's kind of weird that Heavenly Stars
is the only song available right now, too.
Don't you remember at E3 there was supposed to be Madonna,
and they were talking about they were getting together
Warner Brothers Records to get all these songs.
Where did those show up?
Because I think it would have been better
if they released a few of those for, I don't know,
400 points or whatever, released several of those,
and had a mode for that, like music video mode.
Because the only place that Heavenly Stars really works
for me is using it in skin edit mode.
And when I'm playing it in skin edit mode,
I don't really play the whole song,
because you move on to the next skin after four levels,
and I'm actually getting better at Luminous,
so I can usually get through four levels
at about half the song.
But I can't complain, it's free.
And I applaud Microsoft and Q Entertainment
for trying to correct some of the microtransaction mistakes
they made by making this content so cheap right now,
and applauding the early adopters and everything.
So it's really hard to complain.
I just think it could have been approached a little better.
That's all.
And I'm really looking forward
to seeing some additional content.
I would not want to see them do the Madonna song,
where you just play the Madonna mode over and over and over,
because it's all tracked separately and play history.
And it has separate ranking boards.
It's just a little much.
It's almost like there's too much.
Does that make sense?
Let's see.
The other game I played was World of Warcraft.
Honestly, I've been getting sucked back into World of Warcraft.
I'm a little torn druid now,
which I know some people are probably like,
I can do that in no time flat.
Well, you know what?
I have a job.
I have other stuff to do.
But I'm having a lot of fun with it,
and we've got a guild growing.
We have some OLR listeners in it.
We're over on the Ravencrest server.
If you want to join us,
check out the forums for more details.
We're not called OL Army, though.
It's a Silent Hill-based name, actually,
for whatever reason.
That's just Shane's running the guild,
and that's what he picked.
Miklotov.
You know him as Miklotov on the show.
That's what he picked.
And it's a good name for a Horde guild.
So, Horde side, Ravencrest.
Visit the Orange Honors Radio forums
for more detail at orangehonorsradio.com.
And that's it.
That's pretty much all my gaming week.
Not anything else major.
Just some other little bits here and there.
I think I might have played a game of Heavy Weapon.
That's about it.
Oh, yeah.
I played Heavy Weapon.
You didn't like it?
No, I thought it was stupid.
I thought it was way better
than most of the stuff they've been releasing lately.
Oh, that was dumb.
Really?
I'm glad I didn't buy it.
You know what I didn't get
that I'm actually surprised I didn't buy
is Zelda on Virtual Console,
because it's one of the games
I've really been waiting for,
but this is seriously what MMOs do to me,
is that I kind of don't care,
because I'm like,
oh, I got to level my druid,
or else I'm not going to be able
to stay on top with everybody else.
I need to get out of that mindset.
It's not healthy.
I just haven't bought it
because I already have them.
Yeah.
We did play R-Type.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
You were over here playing R-Type.
I watched you play that last night.
How was that?
Yeah.
God, I suck at it.
I can't play it without the TurboGrafx controller.
Isn't it sad?
I don't know how many older gamers we have
that listen to this program.
I'd really like to hear from you guys,
but folks who were in grade school,
junior high, high school, whatever,
when 8-bit Nintendo was out,
and I remember being 10, 11, 12 years old
and breezing through some of these games
like Gradius and stuff,
and I tried to play Gradius the other night.
That is one of the games I played.
I played Gradius on Wii, and I sucked.
I couldn't get past the volcanoes in the first level
because I swore I was going to do it without cheating.
I can't go back and play Nintendo Gradius, though.
I have to play one of the later releases of it.
Does my hand-eye coordination get that bad with age?
You're just old, Rob.
I guess so.
Comments from Chat Room.
Jeremy Todd 1 says,
Everyone has to buy A Link to the Past.
I don't care who you are or what you do.
Buy it anyway.
This game is the best game ever.
I agree.
It's probably one of the top five games of all time.
Hitstun says,
Heavy Weapon is nice by PopCap standards,
but that doesn't make it a good game.
I disagree.
XBSkit adds onto that,
saying the PopCap standard is the bottom of the barrel
next to Flash games.
I don't know.
There's some pretty crappy stuff on Xbox Live
outside the PopCap stuff.
At least there's some playability there.
I don't know.
I disagree.
I don't think PopCap's the best thing ever, OMG,
but I think some of the stuff they put out
is pretty decent.
Bob Coffee says,
Don't give in to World of Warcraft.
Too late.
Alpha Canagram says,
Skye, I love Heavenly Star.
I'm just annoyed that I can't turn off the sound effects
because sometimes I want to hear the actual song while playing.
Yeah, you know how in Luminous,
you know with the songs in the background,
the little rotating the shapes will make a noise,
and clearing a block off the screen will make a noise?
Some of that does get in the way of the song,
but I don't find it.
I liked for Shining, though.
Wow.
Yeah, and Shining, it was incredible.
I don't mind it in Heavenly Star,
and I think in Hollaback Girl it's funny,
if you have the PSP one.
By the way, I saw Luminous Plus on PS2 for sale the other day,
and I remember what you were telling me
about how it went down in price, right?
Luminous Plus on PS2?
Yeah, it's $19.99.
It shouldn't be out, though.
It's not coming out until way later.
No, they had it on shelves at a place I went to at a GameStop,
which you're usually pretty good about.
Yeah, Luminous Plus doesn't come out until the end of next month.
For real?
I should have bought it.
I swear, they had like 40 copies
sitting right there on the shelf behind the little thing.
Luminous Plus.
Huh.
Maybe something happened.
Yeah, they shouldn't have that yet.
That's weird.
I'm going to check the web and see if it...
Maybe if they changed the price, they bumped up the release date.
I don't really want to get it on PS2, though.
That's too many versions.
I have Xbox Live.
That's good enough.
Then again, it would depend on the songs.
Do they have some good licensed song in Luminous Plus,
or is it just a port of the PSP version?
I think it's just a port of the PSP version.
Then forget it.
Forget it.
I don't care, then.
All right, let's go on and get into some other stuff for tonight's show.
We want to talk about some housekeeping tonight.
Not a whole lot going on with our show itself.
We want to talk about some of the other shows on our station.
Travis Donovan Live will not be live this upcoming Saturday,
so I don't know if there's going to be a rerun going on
or what exactly is going to be happening with that.
Also interesting to note, I guess on his last program,
Travis announced his candidacy for president in 2008.
So if you want to vote for an alternative,
I suppose you could always vote for Travis.
So if you want more details, listen to his show.
Saturday nights at 7 o'clock, but not this upcoming week.
DMN is going to call us later in the show
because they scored a huge interview for this week.
I'm pretty jealous.
And Jamie, you are going to be pissed when you find out who it is.
That's all I have to say.
You're going to be pissed that they're not on this show.
Okay.
You're going to want to reach through the screen and punch DMN.
Okay.
That's pretty good.
He'll call in later in the program.
Okay.
So keep an eye on that at www.orangelandtrader.com.
Okay.
Okay, I'm going to shove this mic up your ass now, okay?
Hey, Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Hi.
You expected me to say Rob a bunch of times, didn't you?
I know.
Well, you know what?
Let's let the joke die.
Step away from the joke.
No.
All right.
On a serious note, Dark Sakura wanted to start off tonight's program a little bit,
and we promised we wouldn't bring this story up again,
but Dark Sakura had something she wanted to say,
she wanted to talk about last week and us talking about it,
and I'll just turn it over to her.
So, Dark Sakura, what do you want to say?
Yeah, about the whole two-gallon water drowning lady.
Jennifer Strange, yes?
Yeah, sorry.
Hold your Wii for a week, KD&D.
I could only remember her last name for some reason.
Okay.
Well, it was pretty strange.
I got all of three emails about it.
One of them was just stupid, and I immediately disregarded it
because if you want to make a valid point,
don't start off by calling people names and being an idiot
then I don't respect you and I will never pay attention to anything you say.
Was it like a fuck you, you fucking fuck type of email?
Yeah, I'm like, you're an idiot, next.
I did, however, receive one that really, I want to say,
was a well-thought-out letter, and I appreciate it,
and just because, and I'm going to go ahead and say this,
I am, God, chat room, knock it off, shit.
Oh, God.
Anyway, Rob, you should just kick everybody.
I do, I do.
Do your statement.
Anyway, what I was going to say before the chat room started acting like they had Tourette's
is that, you know, I couldn't go on when I was wrong.
I even went back and said, yeah, I don't think it was necessarily a matter of deserving it,
but I come from the point of view of accountability for what you do,
of people having a free will.
I apologize to anyone who might have been offended,
but my point of view still stands.
It's a matter of, you know, looking at how much warning was given.
There's still a lot of ambiguity regarding it,
so until I have proof that she was held down to the floor
and they forced water down her throat, I'm not going to feel as sorry for her.
I feel sorry for the kids.
I feel sorry for the family, but she did choose to do it,
so that's the point I'm standing on, and end of story,
but I do offer a public apology to anyone who might have been offended by my anger
because, honestly, if something like that happened to me,
I would not want to be made a victim.
I would want my accountability to go on record
because, you know, if I had to go ride a roller coaster
and I know the roller coaster could fall over by, you know, tornado,
and the tornado strikes and the roller coaster falls over,
I know when I die my horrible flaming death
that it was my choice to get on the roller coaster in the first place.
But what a way to go.
I know. Wouldn't that be awesome?
But a friend of mine equated it, though, with, you know,
if you're a woman going out at midnight to 7-11,
there's a chance that you can get pounced in the alleyway and raped.
Well, that's the difference.
She wasn't forced down onto the ground and forced water down her throat.
She actually chose to do it after there was warning calling in,
after they were saying, Do you feel sick?
Do you need to stop people talking about it?
So that's my point of view on it.
My blame...
See, people keep using blame.
Blame is stupid. I hate that word.
I don't blame her.
I just think that she had a choice, and that's what I'm saying.
I just don't think that people should discount the fact
that she did have free will involved.
And that's what people are doing.
Hopefully we can all get past this story
because I know, you know, I'm kind of sick of hearing about it,
especially living here, because keep in mind,
this was in our backyard, and we are hearing about this nonstop.
It's in our paper every day, some type of new development.
And top of that, I talked it over with several of my co-workers,
lots of my friends, and everyone's saying,
Did we learn about this in middle school?
You know, if you saturate your body with water without replacing sodium,
your brain's not going to function.
That you learn in middle school.
And for me, my whole thing is just that I don't...
Yeah, the radio station fully, they are fully responsible.
Well, not say fully responsible,
but they should be the ones punished for the event, not her.
I think that, you know, what happened to her is a horrible tragedy.
But I think that people should just not say she had no part in the blame.
I hate the word blame.
I just think that people should understand she did choose to participate.
I don't think this should have happened to her.
I don't think any of that should have happened.
But just let her be accountable.
Let her be posthumously accountable and not the big bad victim,
because we're a country of victims and it's sickening.
All right.
Well, I'm going to try and keep the show moving,
but I do want to say this, just kind of a friendly reminder that,
you know, Orange Andrea, part of the reason why we're here
is to let gamers all have their voice,
whether you may agree with it or not.
And sometimes it's on a very superficial level
where it's Nintendo versus Sony versus Microsoft.
And, you know, sometimes we call Sony executives' names
and you may not agree with that.
And sometimes we may be praising Nintendo or Microsoft things
that you don't agree with or whatever it may be.
In this case it was something that wasn't so superficial,
something that really struck a nerve.
But keep in mind that part of the reason why the three of us are here
and part of what Jamie brings to the show and Loki brings to the show
and I bring to the show is that we have pretty blunt opinions
and controversial opinions sometimes.
And you may not always agree with it,
but we do have the right to have that voice, nevertheless.
You know, I don't agree with Jamie 100% on this particular thing,
but she has the right to say it and I defend her right to say it.
So I also want to kind of get that out because, you know,
if you're going to email me saying Jamie should be off the show,
that's not going to do any good.
Did someone do that?
You were CC'd on it.
Oh, was it that?
Yeah, no, no, we'll talk later.
But it was, you know, it's kind of one of those things.
Yeah, I'm going to be off of the show that I helped make.
That's not going to happen.
That's stupid.
She, you know, even if I disagree with her,
I think part of the lure of the show is that I can hear her thoughts,
you know, and Jamie.
Dude, Firebomb had pointed it out.
He said, but she's a woman and she therefore has no opinion.
Why is it?
And the only complaints I got were from men.
Well, to be fair, we probably have just more men than women
that listen to this show and that's just the culture we're in.
But I noticed, though, in general that any time I could say something
and Matt could say the exact same thing,
but I'm the one that gets the emails about it that I should go, you know, be quiet.
You know what?
Hello, universe.
I'm a woman.
I have an opinion and you're going to fucking shut up and listen to it.
So fuck you.
That's how I feel.
But at the same time, you have the right to express your rebuttal arguments
with your intelligent emails and, you know,
phone calls we do later in this program.
Jamie's not totally shut off to hearing what else you guys might have to say.
No, seriously.
You present your rebuttal to me in an intelligent way.
I'm more than happy to discuss it with you.
I think we can agree to disagree, but I would love to hear.
I invite anybody.
If you've got an opposite opinion to what I have, I love debate.
Oh, my God.
So prove it.
Bring it.
All right.
I will discuss with you until the cows come home.
Let's see what we can debate about this week by moving into some gaming news
and we're going to start it off tonight with Loki's got some more exclusives for us.
You just keep getting the good shit, don't you, Loki?
I keep trying.
Oh, for the record also, Luminous Plus is listed on GameStop's site
as coming out on the 27th of February.
Something's up.
God, I should go back and grab it.
Where did I see it?
Oh, I know where it was now.
Maybe I'll go grab it.
Anyways, so, yeah, we had a bunch of stories
and not just, you know, release dates and stuff.
For example, we had a follow-up to, you know, a game we talked about.
We announced originally on episode 206, High School Musical the Game,
which, you know, to me, I mean, I wasn't too interested about this.
It is coming out for the Wii and PlayStation 2.
It's based on the Disney Channel like musical that they apparently selling very well on DVD and stuff.
But what's actually kind of made it more interesting for me
and as we put on the website earlier this week,
High School Musical the Game is actually going to be featuring a microphone peripheral for the Wii.
Which is kind of neat.
So apparently you're going to be singing karaoke.
I'm not sure if it's going to be an actual, you know, its own unit,
like its own controller,
or if it's going to be something that plugs into the bottom of the Wii mote.
But either way, you're going to be singing karaoke with this thing.
It is going to be coming out now in August, $69.99 for the bundle.
And that's kind of interesting to see, you know,
some actual companies making some attachments for the Wii
other than say, you know, some stupid steering wheel like the Ubisoft games.
But that's kind of neat.
Other stuff we announced this week,
including there's going to be a brand new PSP game coming out
based on the Girls Gone Wild franchise.
And it's actually a pool themed game.
Originally it was going to be called Pocket Pool by itself.
And then they picked up the Girls Gone Wild license.
Now, Eidos is producing it,
and basically it's going to be your standard billiards game,
but you unlock nudie pictures.
So, you know, who doesn't like some good nudie pictures?
Which is hilarious.
I think that's a great name for the game, by the way.
That's hilarious.
And then finally, we've got some, well actually some other stuff.
Ubisoft, they announced Brothers in Arms War Stories for the DS.
Now, I've been reading some other sites out there saying that,
you know, they've heard the same thing,
but they're getting their info from the ESRB website
because it was listed on there.
But either way, it is coming for the DS.
It's going to be coming out on June 13th for $29.99.
And it should be some interesting stuff.
Also, there is a little bit of elaboration for Driver 76,
as I mentioned a few episodes back.
It's going to be kind of based on the Driver Parallel Lines series,
but it's going to be set two years previous
and it's going to feature all new missions and stuff like that.
So that's going to be kind of cool.
And then, of course, Sega's Virtua Fighter V,
and this is also, you know,
the street date's been listed on other sites,
but according to Sega themselves,
they signed a six-month exclusive contract with Sony
for the PlayStation exclusivity of it.
Where did you hear this?
Because I haven't heard this anywhere else about this six-month deal.
I heard this actually from Sega
because they came into our Dallas office
to do kind of their lineup of stuff,
and I was questioning them about dates and stuff.
At least I was emailing our buyer about dates,
and she said that they're on a six-month exclusive deal.
So I know GameStop had a tentative date on their website as,
what was it, August something.
It was towards the end of August,
but it would be six months from when it's actually released
in February for the PlayStation 3.
So that's kind of interesting.
And that was the exclusive news we had.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And then, of course, my favorite one here,
the two Konami Wii titles that are going to be coming out in March.
And now it's Wing Island and Kororinpa Marble Mania
is going to be coming out as well for the Wii.
Both are going to be pretty reasonably priced,
only $39.99 for each.
Both coming out on the 28th of March.
So I'm sure we'll have more info about that next week
after Konami's Gamers' Day.
But that was some interesting stuff.
Wait, was that Koro as in, like, C-H-O-R-O?
K-O-R-O.
I want another Koro game.
Anyways, there was some other stuff,
other announcements regarding dates as well.
This one, Rob, you're going to like.
Elevator Action for the Wii is coming out on June 13th.
That's a pretty rad arcade game.
I'd be curious to see what they do with it.
Yeah.
And, of course, Blade Storm's been delayed on the PlayStation 3
to June 15th as well.
Call of Juarez for the Xbox 360 is coming out on June 15th.
And Turok for the PlayStation 3 and 360
also going to be coming out in September on the 12th.
So lots of good stuff.
And I'll, of course, be posting more dates
to our Under the Radar thread that we have on the forums.
So keep an eye on that.
I will.
All right.
Well, speaking of the Wii,
I guess we're getting elevator action pretty soon.
And now we're getting rumors about new channels
that could be coming to the Wii.
I mean, when the Wii went out and they first announced the Wii,
we all knew we were going to be getting, you know,
the news channel, the internet channel at some point.
Well, now there are rumors of a game channel,
and this was spurred by remarks that were made by John Lee,
who is the Hudson Entertainment Director of Marketing.
He didn't say anything too specific about it,
but when he was asked about downloadable games for the Wii,
this was his quote.
Quote, however, in the future,
you should rephrase that question to,
are there any plans to launch original content
on some downloadable service on the Wii?
And you might get a different answer.
Now Nintendo, of course, said, you know,
Wii cannot confirm what format the new content will be delivered.
There will be original games at the Wii shop eventually.
But it could be interesting,
because this is launching speculation
that it might be just a whole new channel
to separate classic Nintendo titles
and these, you know, downloadable titles
in a new channel by itself.
Why couldn't he just not be a jackass about the whole thing?
You mean...
What do you mean?
I'm sorry.
I can't answer your question
and ask me the correct question.
Riddle me this.
I think, you know, there are NDAs and things,
so I think he's trying to think of a clever way around it.
I don't think he's a jackass.
But that, I mean, they're just like, it's like,
you know, if you're asking, say, for example,
imagine you're asking Sony
when the PlayStation 3 is going to be coming out in the UK
or something like that.
You're like, so, uh,
when are you guys going to be releasing the,
you know, PlayStation 3 in the UK?
I'm sorry you did not ask the correct question.
I have a question in the form of a walrus.
Perhaps if you asked,
when is it coming to England?
I might have answered you,
but because you did not,
you will not be told the answer.
I mean, that's just fucking annoying.
It's just, you know, answer the damn question.
Fireboom asks an interesting question
out of left field here a little bit.
It says, weren't we supposed to have different colors
for Wii consoles by now?
I want to say I read a story.
It's not in our show world tonight,
but I want to say I read a story
somewhere on the internet earlier this week
that said, yeah, they were going to do different colors,
but since they're having trouble keeping the gray ones
on shelves as it is,
that the new colors are going to be quite some ways off.
New colors will be something they do
when they want to sell more systems.
They're not going to do it right now.
They're not having trouble selling the systems yet,
so just wait until the systems start to die off a little bit,
start getting, you know, into the same situation
as the 360 and PS3 right now,
and then they'll throw out the extra colors
and do all these shit that you don't need for it.
It's very interesting to see how the Wii is,
you know, I'm just thinking about this
because I read it today.
One of my friends on LiveJournal,
my old roommate, who wasn't much of a gamer,
remember the very first OLR studio,
my roommate there?
Okay, he wasn't that super into games.
He always kind of thought the show he did was kind of weird,
but he thought it was cool, right?
Well, he made this post in LiveJournal today
about how he wants a Wii
because he played one over the weekend.
He thought it was awesome,
and he says, I don't really get into video games,
but the Wii was fun.
It was very interesting to read things like that.
It's so interesting to read from the not,
you know, to take some time away from the game blog
because once in a while to read what other people have to say.
It's just very interesting.
I think Nintendo's very, very happy at reaction like that.
That was their goal, was it not?
I suppose it was.
Well, you know, we have actually a little bit more
coming from Nintendo, specifically about the channels.
The news channel, there's a pretty good review of it, I found.
Have you...
I've played with the news channel.
I played with that a little bit this week.
It was fun.
Well, basically, the news channel,
and this is a couple things that I like about it.
It seems like it's got pretty easy browsing to it.
Brings up your local news based on your area.
You can click on globe, though,
and it shows you where you are in relation to the rest of the world.
It's pretty cool.
You can also, there's a slide show.
There's, you know, you can see the headlines come through
at the bottom half, and you pick wherever.
You bring up any of the stories that come up on the slide show
by pressing A. It's pretty easy to follow, I think.
It's looking like they said that the relaunch of it
is going to be later this year,
and it's going to be free and offer more regions available for viewing.
But so far, it seems so, you know, so far so good, pretty much.
I actually like it quite a bit.
I like it more than I like the forecast channel.
But my only suggestion for the news channel would be that,
you know how the forecast channel has the temperature and things
in the Wii browser?
Like, you don't have to launch the forecast channel
just to see the temperature,
although it's horribly out of date, at least for this region.
Like, it never updates after midnight or 6 a.m.
Like, it never updates for the rest of the day.
But I kind of wish, like, you could,
like, if I'm just quickly clicking through channels
to get to a virtual console game or something,
it would be cool to see, like,
what some of the top headlines are in the news channel at the moment.
Because that might make me go,
oh, I want to click there and read it.
Because if you think about it,
that's kind of how your email is set up, right?
If you use Yahoo mail or you use Hotmail
or one of those web clients for your email,
hell, even Gmail, you have links to news articles usually
or RSS feeds that run kind of along the side of your email.
And sometimes that's what makes me stop and go,
oh, that sounds interesting.
That's actually why I stopped using most of those
because my email is through my friend Julie's server
and I don't have to worry about any of that.
But I don't mind it on, like, you know,
because I use Firefox ad block and stuff.
But, yeah, when you use Yahoo mail,
it shows you some of the top headlines, which is kind of cool.
I stopped using Yahoo mail just because of that.
I like to have my news where I can, you know,
if I'm going for news, I'm going specifically for news.
That's why the first thing that I have pull up is my Yahoo page
and I have my world events and all that listing.
I would really, though, this is my hope.
I'm not quite sure what their news source is,
but I hope that they don't go with...
Associated Press.
They have a two-year agreement with Associated Press.
Okay.
Well, I still, I'm very leery about most of our press publications
just because there's a lot of bias, a lot of sensationalism in modern press.
Well, you know what I thought was hilarious is, you know,
of course one of the first places I went to look for stories locally
once I got to the Globe was Sacramento.
And guess what the top news story was in the Sacramento region
on the news channel was about the, you know,
again, here's more news and to hold your Wii for a Wii thing
as if we could have more.
I was reading BBC news and saw crap on it.
Yeah, I know. It's everywhere.
I usually go from my world news to a BBC world.
So, of course that's on it,
but I thought it would be interesting that you're reading that on the Wii,
you know, but what was even more interesting
is that when you looked in the technology and entertainment section,
there was a story the first day it launched
about the PlayStation 3 launch being announced in Europe,
which I thought was very interesting.
So, it was interesting that that was on the news channel.
Yeah.
So, and you could even see a picture of a PlayStation 3
and it was just, it was kind of one of those moments.
The very first time you see the Nintendo and Sega logos
on the screen together, like when you boot up F-Zero,
it was one of those moments,
like looking at a picture of a PlayStation 3 on your Wii.
It was weird.
It was very awkward.
I like you with your Elibits icon on Xbox Live.
That's true.
My friends list icon on Xbox Live is an Elibit,
so I guess that's not the first time.
And, you know, at one time my background was a picture of Mario Kart
because that was when I was playing around
with using backgrounds from the computer.
So, just fun to do little things like that, I suppose.
I like irony.
Anyways, speaking about the Wii,
there's going to be some fun stuff coming to the Virtual Console soon.
And one of the biggest games coming, you know, to the Virtual Console
and only to, you know, Trump, you know, was it last week's,
you know, Link to the Past.
Legend of Zelda the Ocarina of Time is going to be heading
to at least the Japanese Virtual Console in February.
It's going to be slated for 1200 points
and of course it's going to make it to the United States
shortly after the Japanese one, if not the same day.
But, that's awesome.
Not interested.
Okay, well that's awesome for other people.
I'm not interested either because I had it on GameCube for the longest time.
Exactly. And the Wii can play GameCube games.
So, what's the point?
Like, you know, I understand.
Sometimes people go like,
well Rob, then why do you bother downloading anything on there at all
when you can just use emulators?
Okay, because I can't use emulators on my TV with a wireless remote.
I'm just too lazy to set that thing up
and I like the authentic experience.
But using that little GameCube disc with the Zelda game on it
is a pretty authentic experience.
Yeah.
So, I don't get the point of downloading it.
I'm going to be downloading Mario Kart.
But here's the best part though.
You know, when this game does come out, you know,
it's going to be great and people are going to download it and stuff.
Then later on down the line, remember how, you know,
they were talking about, oh yeah, well we can do a line of games,
you know, and thank the Game Boy Advance here, you know,
when they released the old Nintendo games for it again.
We can do a line of games that are just GameCube and maybe Nintendo 64 games
ported over with the controls for the Wii.
So, you would have like, you know, Mario Kart Double Dash or whatever
ported over like in being sold for say $29.99 or something like that
with just, you know, no changes whatsoever
other than the controls for the Wii.
Watch this kind of happen or they release some sort of, you know,
collector's edition of all the Zelda games or something again.
I'm reading what the chat room has to say on this.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, I have played and beat Ocarina of Time
a few too many times now.
I beat it on 64, I beat it on the GameCube,
I beat it on the computer, whistles,
and like OLR said, I have the GameCube game so I can just play that.
GS68 would like to point out, you know,
playing the Ocarina is kind of hell with the C-Stick,
which does make sense because you didn't have the buttons on the GameCube,
you had that stick.
Well, it doesn't stop there.
There's lots of titles coming to Japan, not just Ocarina of Time,
but lots of cool stuff coming out in Japan.
Now, keep in mind not all of these have American counterparts,
but some of them do and so you'll probably be seeing those before too long.
Mighty Bomb Jack from the NES is coming out there soon.
Galaga, again, these are Japan dates, coming out on the NES.
Kirby's Adventure coming out on the NES.
Kamaitachi no Yoru is coming out for the Super Nintendo.
Megami Tensei, Super Goals and Ghosts,
Sangokushi 4,
Bare Knuckles, Streets of Rage for Genesis,
Beyond Oasis, also on the Genesis,
Vector Man for the Genesis,
Sword of Vermillion on the Genesis,
Vigilante on TurboGrafx-16,
Chu Man Fu,
Yokai Doshuki,
Wonder Momo also all coming out on TurboGrafx-16.
So, sounds like there's a lot of cool stuff coming out on your Japanese Virtual Console
and many of those titles that do have American versions
we'll probably be seeing those before too long.
Bare Knuckle, that brings back memories
because we picked up the Japanese cart
and used a converter on it to play on our Nomad
and it played it as Streets of Rage.
It was a Bare Knuckle cart.
That's weird, how did it know that?
Sometimes they'll do that.
Actually, a lot of the Neo Geo games will have a Switch.
You can play them in either version.
Our Japanese Samurai Spirits 2 is Samurai Shodown 2
and it'll play depending on what mode we have it in.
You know what I'd like to see Nintendo do
and this is going to seem completely out of left field,
but I would like to see them release some Japanese games
that never got released here.
You know, and just...
I mean, I guess...
Well, okay, that's a little obscure,
but I'm thinking Earthbound on the NES,
Mother Zero or whatever it's...
The original Mother, which we call Earthbound Zero
on that translated ROM...
No, it wasn't a translated ROM,
it was a ROM that somebody bought on eBay,
which is a prototype.
So it's like that game is floating around there, half done.
Wouldn't that be awesome if that came out on the Virtual Console?
I agree.
I don't know.
Maybe that's just too much work,
but I can't believe that Nintendo isn't making an arm and a leg
off a lot of these Virtual Console games.
We need the freakin' TurboGrafx Twinbee.
Oh, we'll see.
And Parodius.
We need Parodius.
We'll see.
Anyway.
Well, something that will make a lot of people happy,
speaking of Virtual Console,
is Mario Kart 64 is going to be on Virtual Console in Europe.
It's actually the second Nintendo 64 title
to be on the European Virtual Console.
It's a really... It's Mario Kart.
There's really not much else to be said about it,
but there's also a notice that Soldier Blade,
which is a TurboGrafx-16 game,
is also going to be available for 600 points.
Well, everybody's getting in on the Mario Kart love now.
It's nice to see another Nintendo 64 title get up there, though.
And I'll tell you, Mario Kart on the 64
was the best version next to the original, I'd say.
You know what we need is Pokemon Snail.
Toad's Highway.
End of story.
Pokemon Snap.
I would agree.
Pokemon Snap would be pretty awesome.
How about Superman 64?
Oh, fuck no.
That was so funny.
That'd be kind of cool, though.
Blast Corpse or something like that.
Or even, you know...
Pokemon Puzzle League.
Actually, GoldenEye 64.
You know what you'd probably like?
Dream On.
It's a rare game.
I know.
Once they start doing the light gun games and stuff,
they should do...
Super Scope.
Well, Super Scope would be awesome,
but the Pokemon Snap or something like that.
How awesome was the Super Scope?
It was a bazooka, for God's sake.
It was awesome.
I know.
It was hard.
I remember sitting playing,
because I had a Super Scope when they came out,
sitting there playing freaking Blastress
for long enough to wear out the battery in the Super Scope.
That was six hours.
Oh, I have some folks agreeing with me in chat room.
Alex says, Pokemon Puzzle League FTW.
Rama says, I like Pokemon Puzzle League.
I know what's up.
I want a Super Scope just to put on my desk.
That would be cool.
I have one.
You'll probably get one at the auction.
I have one.
Do you want it?
Sure.
I'll take a Super Scope.
I'll see if we can find it.
We actually have a Menacer somewhere, too.
Put it on my desk.
The attachment that hooks onto the Master System gun.
JVmon's leading a chant in the chat room for Yoshi Safari
with the Wii remote.
That might be kind of fun.
We need more Metal Slug.
What are you talking about?
There's the fucking anthologies out on Wii.
I know.
I have it.
But we need more Metal Slug, anyway.
No, we don't.
Yes, we do.
I like how we did that in unison.
Great minds think like me.
OK, no, WrestleMania 2000 should definitely
be on Virtual Console.
Anyways, so speaking of the Wii, there's
one website that's actually creating sculptures of Miis,
which is kind of cool.
AllisonQMcCarthy.com.
Allison, anyway, she's creating some custom Wii sculptures
based on your Miis.
Right now, the demand's really big,
so she has an email list that you can sign up on.
But the first few ones, she's actually
going to be doing some generic ones.
She'll be posting them on eBay, see how they sell and stuff.
But possibly later on, you're going
to be able to get, I guess, your own custom Miis, which
would be awesome, because I want to.
They should totally have a service like that.
I mean, think about it.
They're doing the same thing for Spore,
where you can create your own custom stuff.
That made me think of the other thing,
like you can put your monsters for Spore.
Dude, I'm looking at this.
I can do these.
Well, then do it.
Make me one.
I still have to do.
I have two more dolphins to face up on.
You're a woman.
You can make things, right?
Hey, Rob, bite my ass.
But anyways.
Are they like little bobbleheads?
Sort of.
They sort of look like a bobblehead.
They look like they're made from stuff at Michael's.
I think it looks cute.
They are cute, but it's just a cool thing.
Make me one.
Yeah, the stuff that's on these, you can buy the bits at Michael's.
Why don't you put up or shut up, Jamie?
No, seriously.
I'll do one once I have time between classes.
Awesome.
I got free stuff.
So definitely keep an eye on AllisonQMcCarthy.com.
Yeah, maybe square yourself your own Mii.
How much do they charge you for the Miis?
Not saying yet because I think she's just starting off with this and got picked up by
everywhere, and now they're getting inundated with requests.
Poor thing.
One of the downsides to getting digged.
Was that on dig?
I'm pretty sure it was.
I think it probably was.
All right.
Well, Nintendo's really digging the recent sales of the Wii.
I mean, the Wii has just been selling like crazy.
3.2 million Wiis sold is what Nintendo announced earlier this week.
That's pretty crazy.
There's not a lot else.
I mean, what else can you say about that?
They sold 3.2 million Wiis.
That's a lot.
And certainly interesting.
Now, I don't mean to sound anti-Sony.
That's not what I'm trying to do here, but it is interesting when you see a thing like
this, and you're putting that next to a story where Sony's like, well, we shipped a million
in Japan.
So, it kind of sucks for them.
Well, just more, I think another, though, notch in Nintendo's belt, though, is that
they actually did hit now 10 million consumers in America for the Nintendo DS.
Since the November 2004 launch, that means that nine Nintendo DS or DS lights have sold
every 60 seconds.
Wow.
Yeah, pretty crazy.
I wonder if Sony's going to start pissing their pants.
I don't know.
No, they'll have some creative little press release for this.
It'll be all the drugs that Kudaragi's taking.
Black Boy in chat sums it up, says, God, Nintendo is making money hand over fist.
Nintendo is selling in a month and a half with 360 sales in a quarter.
Interesting.
So, we have something, a comment on a story we did a little bit ago.
Cutie Honey is in chat and says, the only Metal Slug America is missing is Metal Slug
3D, which isn't terribly good, and I think that's to go along with your comment on we
need more Metal Slug, and now I said, no, we don't.
Metal Slug has to stay two-dimensional.
That's just the awesomeness of it.
I give Metal Slug a lot of crap.
It is kind of fun.
I just give Jamie crap for it because she never shuts up about it, but 3D, no, no, no.
I haven't played it, but I'm not interested.
If you want to play Metal Slug going the other direction, just play Shock Troopers.
Okay.
Anyways, off the topic of Metal Slug, but still an awesome game, Scarface is coming
out for the Wii, and that's awesome because apparently, I was reading on some of the features
of this, you're going to be able to wheel the chainsaw and use the Wiimote to chop off
limbs.
Thank God, this is what we needed.
This is awesome.
What are you talking about?
No, I'm serious.
This really is what we needed.
Like, you know, come on.
Ever since we heard the Wii is like GameCube with a Nitro Boost in it, it's like, where's
my fucking Resident Evil 4 with my chainsaw?
Come on.
I mean, it's just, I don't know.
Words cannot describe how happy I am, and to be honest, I mean, I was kind of interested
in the Godfather game coming out in March, but...
Do you get to whack people with the Wiimote?
You do get to manhandle people, though, with the Wiimote, so that's kind of...
Can you say that again?
Manhandle people with the Wiimote.
Okay.
God, you're so immature.
No, but yeah, it should be pretty awesome.
You know, of course, God knows when it's coming out, though, not anytime soon, I'd imagine,
but I can't wait to hear more about this.
That sounds pretty fun.
Well, while we wait for Scarface to come out on the Wii, we could go to a completely different
genre yet on another Nintendo system.
Remember the Game Boy Advance?
Remember it's still alive and kicking?
I have one of those.
I found mine.
It's getting a breath of life in it with the Final Fantasy VI Advance release coming out.
Now, of course, you've heard about this is getting a new localization.
Well, what's interesting about the localization is that when they originally made the Final
Fantasy III, they did some family-friendly kind of edits.
They changed death to doom.
They changed pubs to cafes.
They changed holy to pearl, whatever, I guess you can't say the word holy, and some naughty
bits were covered up, pixelated over.
What's interesting is that there's a screenshot now floating around the internet from Final
Fantasy VI Advance that shows a monster that was originally called Doomgaze in the Super
Nintendo release, now given its proper name of Deathgaze, which sounds so much more hardcore.
Oh my God.
Are they actually going to give Tina the right name?
That's interesting because this website that I'm looking at the story on siliconera.com
actually poses the same question.
Is Tara going to be Tina?
Why did they change that?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Tara's, you know, because Tina's such a bad word.
Maybe is it because Tina sounds more American than Tara?
I don't know.
Yeah, for anyone who doesn't know, Tara's original name in the Japanese Final Fantasy
VI was Tina.
Oh wait, no.
I guess there's no way around.
That's all right.
I've played the Japanese one.
So I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I guess it was Tara here.
Were they going for maybe the double entendre where Tara is kind of like Earth?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Seems a little silly.
It's just like the whole Aerith thing, isn't it?
Aerith makes more sense, but then again, if you translate it by the Kana, it would kind
of, Aerith would also make sense for translation purposes.
Well, one thing that Jamie probably uses to do her translation is several websites out
there on the internet, and certainly she likes to surf the internet up and down and back
and forth every week finding her favorites of the internet, and it makes up Dark Sakura's
Website of the Week.
Dark Sakura, where should the kids be pointing their browsers this week?
You should actually be going to PayPal and send me money.
Oh wait, no.
Really.
And it's not a Doctor Who site.
Okay.
I'll do one next week, geez.
A website of the week is massagetherapy.com.
I've been spending a lot of time there because I'm in school to be a massage therapist.
It's really good though because it has a lot about learning about massage, finding a massage
therapist for your own needs and media.
One thing that I really think is cool in here is there's a body work glossary in here that
lists out a lot of different things you might hear as far as naturopathy, different type
of health related things, I think it's really cool.
I've learned actually a lot of different modalities just reading through the freaking glossary.
So if anyone is into, even if you're not a massage therapist, even if you don't receive
a massage, you're trained in natural health, it's really worth looking through and it's
been very, very educational to me.
SSJ100 Matt says, Jamie, there's no happy ending section.
People who give happy endings are not real massage therapists.
Now is that massagetherapist.com or massagetherapist.com?
Massage therapy.
I don't think that's very funny since this is my chosen profession.
A joke, Jamie.
It's a little joke.
I don't think it's a funny joke because it's funny for the rest of my life.
I thought it was funny.
He thought it was funny.
Have a little humor.
Are you either of you massage therapists?
No.
Okay.
But if you want me to give you a massage, I'll try.
No.
You might need a little massage.
Your panties seem like they're in a bunch tonight.
You know what?
I'm going to throw this at you.
I think you need an ass massage to get out all those ruffles in your panties because
you're quite feathered tonight.
I'll take the rapist for five minutes.
Yes.
Loki got it.
It was a Saturday Night Live reference.
Anyway, all kidding aside, you may think at first glance that this has nothing to do with
gaming, but I say, you know what?
If your ass starts to feel numb from so much hardcore gaming or your backs are... Maybe
massage therapy is for you.
You know what I've noticed?
Actually, since I've started doing massage, as in giving massage, my endurance in cardiovascular
work, aerobics, has greatly improved.
Receiving a massage is just as healthy as receiving one if you do it the right way.
It's good for everybody.
All right.
Anyways, speaking of unhappy endings, apparently there's actually going to be a price increase
sort of in the Canadian PlayStation 3s.
Wait, a price increase for the PlayStation 3?
Somebody screwed up somewhere big time.
Someone apparently listened to our contest that we had with the PlayStation 3.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Make your own slogan.
Anyways, yeah, so there is going to be a slight price increase coming for the PlayStation
3.
In Canada, the unit's going to cost about $50 more, and I don't think it's in Canadian
dollars.
It says for a total of $699.99.
It says both Best Buy and Future Shop have the console listed at the new price.
The old list price used to be $659.99.
Hasn't the console already been out there for some time?
I guess that they're increasing price, but here's my thing, though.
I don't know if they're having the same situation as we are here, but if the consoles are rare
maybe they're just raising prices because they can probably sell them for that, right?
At least they're on a free game, geez, that's silly, because you know Canada sometimes gets
bundle packs that we don't get here.
But yeah, I guess whatever the case is, they're getting hosed over there.
Well, we don't mean to keep picking on Sony, but look guys, they just keep giving us material.
What can we say?
Major Nelson over from Microsoft's camp was very quick to point out this week that Sony
made a big fat boo-boo on one of their sites.
There was a PSP site touting video downloads, and one of the video downloads was for Gran
Turismo HD concept, was one of the things you could download, try to get people psyched
about the PlayStation 3.
Well, they had a screenshot on the website from Gran Turismo HD, but oops, it wasn't
actually a screenshot of Gran Turismo HD.
It was a screenshot of Project Gotham Racing 3 on Xbox 360.
Talk about a fuck-up.
You know that that's just some tiny little mistake some intern probably made somewhere,
but still, where was the QA on that?
Something got screwed up big time.
In the follow-up with that story I was just talking about, according to a Sony rep, that
is the actual case, that it says, although the suggested retail price of the PlayStation
3 in Canada has not changed, some Canadian retailers have chosen to increase their retail
price as a result of the weaker Canadian dollar.
This increases solely at the discretion of the retailer, as Sony Computer Entertainment
Canada has not issued a price increase.
Thank you for the clarification, that makes more sense, thank you.
I like our chatroom comments, GS68 pokes fun at the Ridge Racer phenomenon going, it's
Project Gotham, Project Gotham, get it?
I know it doesn't have the same thing to it, but I see what he did there, that's pretty
good.
Hmm.
Well, Sony still though, they still have something shoved up their ass I think.
Yeah, you remember us talking about that Ghostbusters game?
I do.
Well, um, Zoofly did confirm that they were preliminary working on one for Xbox 360.
Sony Pictures, however, has pretty much told Zoofly to shut up, pretty much, you know,
they've removed the content from their website because of Sony.
Any of the content on YouTube has been removed, maybe that just was a breach of NDA, you think?
Heaven forbid someone put something out there that got people excited for Sony.
Or it could be the fact that Sony owns the rights to the Ghostbusters movies.
Well, I don't know, whatever.
Wasn't the game being created for Sony?
No, it was being created by Zoofly, and they have to get everyone's permission, or they
hadn't gotten the permission from any of the actors, or...
But wasn't it being created by them for a Sony console?
No, it was just being created by them because they like Ghostbusters.
Oh, I totally misread that story the first time.
That's alright.
Interesting.
Hmm.
Well, yeah, okay, then I guess Sony was just protecting their rights.
They're all within their rights.
Ah, I get it.
Well, still, it's never fun to hear about games going away that we were a little bit
excited for.
In fact, it makes us a little bit angsty.
I don't know about you guys, but I get pretty pissed off when games I get excited for get
cancelled, and that calls for some FUs of the week, right, boys and girls?
Oh, yeah.
I guess.
The first FU of the week that I have goes towards the wear and tear on my car.
I mean, really, it's not anything that I didn't expect.
You drive your car on road trips, it's gonna wear out.
It just, it was really kind of freaking me out last night.
I didn't expect it to start grinding that suddenly.
And of course, we shelled out 150 bucks for parts.
Thankfully, we have a friend who can replace brakes, and brakes on the Mitsubishi Lancer
are very easy to replace.
But Rob...
I'm not you.
I'm thinking about something else.
I'm thinking about...
It's not related.
Unlikely, Tori!
Am I not allowed to laugh and have a good time at this show?
I'm gonna talk to him about my car.
No.
You do that.
So, yeah, a big, big major Uber FU goes to my car not being immortal, I guess.
And another one goes to Rob for parking like an asshole.
You know what?
Because I had to pick your ass up because your car was in the shop.
Had I not had to pick your ass up, I wouldn't have to repark the car.
Rob, tell me, how many times have you been in the car with me when I've pulled into a
spot and then backed up and adjusted my parking?
I don't give a fuck!
I had to contort myself to get out of your damn car.
And no thank you for the ride or anything like that.
You park like an asshole, you jerk.
I thanked you for the ride when you picked me up and I gave you a cookie.
I gave you cookies!
Okay, the cookie was good.
My cookies are great.
My cookies bring all the Robs to my house.
I'm bringing more cookies next week, too.
Okay.
Fuck, you did a superwoman that was in front of me when I was trying to get out of my apartment
complex today because she saw us behind her and she walked slower because she's a jackass.
Also another thing, what the hell is the point, I'm looking at decalgirl.com and they have
a skin that you can buy for your PlayStation 3 that's black.
That's like stupid.
Why the hell would I cover my PlayStation 3 with a skin that's the same color as the
goddamn PlayStation 3?
I don't know why.
I don't know because you're an idiot, I guess.
So fuck them.
I just want to give an F.U. of the week to my Saturday because it kind of sucked because
I had a migraine, which sucks, like they really suck.
I don't get them very often when I do it really sucks and so I had that and then I got sick
off of dinner and you know, not that I had to perform on Saturday night or anything which
really pissed me off.
So F.U. to mother nature for playing tricks on me on Saturday, it kind of pissed me off.
And it ruined my game.
The game of life.
Speaking of the game of life, at least the game of our lives, ooh, food.
Speaking of games, our favorite topic, at least it was in the last few years, Bomani.
Bomani's turned 10.
All those music game franchises, they're so old.
Anyways, so to celebrate the 10th anniversary of Bomani, Konami is holding a pop music culture
festival at Tokyo's Laphorette Museum.
So that's pretty awesome, you know, and lots of festivities going along with that, artists,
you know, performing, DJs, etc.
And I'm sure I, like most people, had similar reactions where it's like, 10 years?
It's been 10 freaking years, god, I'm old.
I know, seriously.
I don't know about you guys, but that's my reaction to that.
I remember, you know, when I first saw Bomani, you know, I remember it was at Fanime, and
we went up to one of the rooms that was there, and they were playing Beatmania on a Playstation,
and they were playing, I remember the song too, it was the Melger Solid theme, and I
was just like, fucking A, that's awesome.
I was like, I gotta buy this.
So I did, and I played it, and I stopped playing it, and then next time I saw DDR4th Mix, and
I was like, ooh, I gotta get that too.
And then next thing you know, I'm going to arcades and I meet these crazy people, and
they're doing a radio show, and my life just spiraled downhill from there.
What was your first Bomani?
The very first time I saw Bomani, I went to Milpitas Golf Land to play golf, and I saw
a bunch of people dancing on the machine, it looked like fun because I was playing Buster
Groove 2 on the Playstation at the time.
So I did not know anything about Japanese imports at the time, so I was playing Buster
Groove 2.
I'm giving you, part of me is, the other part of my heart's breaking.
Well, let it break.
You're too sassy tonight.
I know.
You need to, I'm being real with you tonight.
I'm giving that angst right back at you tonight.
I like it.
I know you do.
Let's see, so yeah, that was the first time I ever saw it, but there were so many people
there.
I think there was a tournament going on or something, but we couldn't play it.
So the first time I actually played was at a Rocky Horror Picture Show convention in
Las Vegas.
I played at Circus Circus with an iguana girl who ended up going on to be some big admin
over at that DDR Freak site, but I don't think she really plays much anymore, so that was
my first game.
I don't play admin much anymore either, but my first was, and you're going to laugh at
this, was when I still lived in Alabama playing BM 98.
You remember BM 98?
Look, he left the room.
I'm stealing a french fry.
Give me one too.
You want one too?
Okay.
Give me his toast.
You want his piece of toast?
Here you go.
Here's a fry.
Shh, don't tell.
Okay, yes.
BM 98, yeah?
Uh huh.
BM 98 was awesome because it was a customizable, it was one of, I think it was honestly one
of the precursors to many of our simulators today, and you know, so I got to play a lot
of the early Beatmania songs probably right around, actually yeah, 1998, and then my first
DDR was playing the first Mixhome one when I moved out here from Alabama, and then I
played my first actual machine at.
Don't glare at me.
She took one too.
Rob took it for me though.
Is that my 7-Up?
Is that my 7-Up?
Then I get a fry.
Oh, I don't care if you're eating my food.
Rob, go get me a root beer.
Do I look like your bitch?
Yes.
Rob wants to go get me a root beer.
That's awesome, but I honestly think that the simulators like BM 98 got a lot of people
in the very early days of Bimani into these games who might not have otherwise had access
to them.
I remember trying to make a file a long last time ago for BM 98 and I just couldn't do
it because I got really bored doing it, and from what I understand actually, it's sort
of seeing a resurgence in fan communities, I think that's kind of cool.
My favorite though has to be Delight Delight Reduplication.
I still have that somewhere.
I remember how awesome it was when Dance with Intensity came out and was just like, wow,
this is so much better, and then Step Media came out and that was pretty cool too, but
who'd have thought.
Although slightly related to the family of Bimani games is one of the really horrid games
that I think Konami should disavow any knowledge of, and that's Dance Dance Dance.
It was shitty.
In my professional opinion, as an internet celebrity.
Don't you hate it when you think of good ideas, like right when you get back in the chair
and somebody in the chat room actually said it, Bandit says, bet he shakes the can.
That would have been an awesome idea, especially because Jamie's working on her laptop.
She would have cried.
No, I would have picked up my destroyed laptop and thrown it at your PC.
That would have been a fun show, suddenly we're knocked off air.
And then Jeremy Todd One would like to point this out.
He sent this to me in a message there in the chat room, and he's sent me a little slip
from YouParkLikeAnAsshole.com, although I'd like to point out he didn't even see it, Jeremy
Todd One.
Oh yeah.
He checked off two spots, one car, a little too close, over the painted lines, diagonal
parking, cool car, diagonal parking, not so cool car, and then he checked off other for
sucking.
For sucking.
I hate you.
You know what?
DMN agrees with us, agrees with me and Jeremy Todd One, by the way.
For this, Jeremy Todd One gets a kick from the chat room, we'll just do that, control
kick, there we go, nice good kick from the chat room.
DMN wanted me to punch you in the arm, and he gave me a heart if I did it, so I'm gonna
punch Robin.
No, I got you a gun, ow!
You're a real bitch tonight.
I am not, I'm nice.
I gave you cookies.
It's always the cookies.
It always comes back to the cookies.
I know, you did it all for the cookie.
All right, did everybody have fun reminiscing about the Bemani?
Yes, and thank you for my root beer.
You're welcome.
All right, Harmonics talked this week a little bit about something that's not Bemani related,
because you know, Harmonics didn't make Bemani, but certainly they're a huge, huge player
in the music video game franchise, and they are talking about the guitar.
Technically, they did kind of work on Bemani.
Oh, that's true, Karaoke Revolution, I stand corrected, so they have dabbled in Bemani
a little bit.
Well, and that was definitely two forces coming together, that was pretty cool.
Yeah, what a fucking monster that made.
Anywho, one of the folks that works over at Harmonics, and that would be Daniel Sussman,
who is a producer over at Harmonics, quote, here's the official line, Harmonics can confirm
that we are not developing Guitar Hero 3, and that backs up the story from last week
about Neversoft, who did the Tony Hawk games, are taking over that.
He also said this, quote, we are instead working on a different music game project, one that
is bigger and more ambitious endeavor than we felt we could pursue with the balance of
the Guitar Hero franchise.
Further specific details on exact subject and publisher from the game are not yet released.
We'll see.
You know, I'm thinking though, a lot of people are going, oh, it's Guitar Hero, or it's Guitar
Villain, or it's Drum Hero, or it's Keyboard Hero, or it's a sequel to Amplitude of Frequency.
I think when this guy uses terms like, we are working on a different music game project
that is bigger and more ambitious, I think it's bigger than all that.
I think it's different.
I think it's something brand new you haven't even thought of yet that Harmonics is working
on.
I think it's called Huge Ass Symphony, the game.
I think it's just some new concept we don't even know yet until we hear it.
I think it's Oonga Boonga, the musical.
It's Guns and Roses, the game, an ego bigger than Axl Rose.
Well, speaking of Guitar Hero, at least for Guitar Hero 2 for Xbox Live, the multiplayer
dream has crashed and burned.
The guitar still has the microphone in it too, but there's no online multiplayer.
All of the modes, co-op face-off, pro face-off modes are offline only, so, sorry y'all.
Yeah, it's gotta be lag.
I'm pretty much thinking so.
But I still think it's cool though, you know, the downloadable packs, because that, it really
gives the experience very similar, I think, to Karaoke Revolution on Xbox, but it really
gives the game a really, I'd say, a lot of replayability.
They should just add, well, I'm sure they'll have a leaderboard.
They need the war pack.
So that's what they just need to do, stick with the leaderboard.
You know, I've given Guitar Hero a little bit of crap on this show, just because I don't
foam at the mouth over it like everyone else does, I mean, don't get me wrong, I love Guitar
Hero, it's so awesome, and I actually prefer it to Guitar Freaks, I really do, which for
somebody with a Bomani, you know, a heart Konami type thing is a huge thing to say.
I know, look.
It bypasses your Bomani boner?
Kind of, in the guitar region it does.
I would, you know, I would have five hard-ons somehow if they would make a keyboard game
like they did Guitar Hero.
I really would, because I'd love to have keyboard mania.
You would probably be Edward Penis Hands.
Probably.
I don't know how it would happen.
That's a reference I hadn't heard in forever.
I would totally be happy if they would do that, but I am getting more and more excited
about its release on the 360.
I'm pumped for it, I'm going to definitely pick it out when it comes, or pick it up when
it comes out.
What about DDR on the 360?
You know what, I looked at some, there's some new videos that hit the internet this week,
and I think it looks great.
I'm really excited about it.
I think it's going to be an awesome game.
I think my neighbors are going to hate me.
Mine are going to hate me too, and I finally need to get my dance pad back from Jamie.
She's had it for like a year and a half.
I gave, no, I gave it back to you.
I don't, no, no, you took-
One of the steps didn't work.
No, no, that was the old dance pad.
You took my other one, because remember when there was a Guitar Hero story?
It was in the background.
No, you took that back with you.
I gave it back to you.
No, I don't have it.
Well, then it's probably in the vault.
She forgot to tell you that she sold it for a pinball machine.
She probably did.
No, Dan sold it for a pinball machine.
She sold it for a pinball- Dude, we got another freaking pinball machine,
by the way.
We got an Earthshaker.
Anyway.
I haven't even fucking heard of that.
The Rosie O'Donnell pinball machine, the Earthshaker.
Actually Earthshaker is in the same family as Roland, it's pretty old school and awesome.
One of those machines that collectors want, anyway.
I still want my Doctor Who pinball machine, and Dan hasn't accommodated me.
Joshi16 has an interesting line in chat, what would Brian Boitano do?
Get all the developers in town and make a game to amaze the noobs.
That's what Brian Boitano would do.
I tried to sing it.
That's fantastic.
It failed miserably because I had no voice.
That's okay.
You haven't excused this time.
I do.
Oh, this is exciting when Dark Soccer is letting me have not just one, but two buys tonight.
I got one for Bust a Groove 2, and I got another for my voice.
I'm excited.
And you were calling me a bitch.
If the shoe fits.
Very accommodating, Rob.
I only punched you because DMN told me to.
Well, DMN's a bitch too.
He is, but we like his bitchiness.
You know there's nothing but heart for the Jamie.
Nothing but heart.
The bleeding heart.
There's a heart.
Alright.
With a knife through it.
We're going to go to a quick break here and come back in a little bit with Orange
Lounge Radio Part B because Jamie and I have to have a hug-a-thon to make up for all the
fighting we're doing tonight, so we're going to have a hug-a-thon during the break.
So we'll be back in a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
For those of you guys listening on our audio archive, also known as podcasting, we'll be
back in a couple days, probably about Wednesday-ish, with Part B.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
