Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday, January 21st, 2007
for our Part B of our little program we do here.
And, of course, our podcast or audio blog is released on Mondays and Wednesdays
but we record live on Sunday nights over at orangeloungeradio.com at 6 o'clock.
You can also hear our rebroadcast on allgames.com Monday nights at 5 o'clock pacific
and Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m.
Mikul Tov was guesting with us during Part A, but he's actually having to take off
so he won't be around for Part B.
So, bye-bye Mikul Tov!
And now we're going to get back into some news.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off tonight?
I don't wanna. Okay, well...
You have to.
Do I have to?
You have to.
Okay. Well, there is a game to be coming out called Flow
that had a December 6 release date.
And I say had.
It's now been pushed back to January 2007.
That means, you know, maybe a couple weeks from now, right?
Right.
But it just seems like there's, you know, more and more delays.
The speculation is that they're still fixing little stuff in it.
But when they were pressured for an official statement,
SCEA was basically stating,
We'll be posting a trailer at the end of this month, beginning of next.
As for the game itself, we will be releasing it near the end of February!
Wow.
February.
Yeah.
This is a very anticipated online title, though.
You know, I played the little online one. It's cute.
It should be interesting on a PS3.
It kind of reminds me of, I don't know, Electroplankton for some weird reason.
I love Electroplankton.
It just does. It kind of reminds me of that for some weird reason.
Right.
Speaking of music games, actually, I want to interject this
because I left this out of How Was My Gaming Week?
and I don't think it's in our show world tonight.
I had a chance, and I can't say how,
but I had a chance to play the dance MMO that's in closed beta right now.
And so I want to give you my thoughts on it.
It's kind of interesting.
There's a couple of licensed songs in it,
and then the rest of it is all normal stuff.
And, of course, it's set up very similar to DDR.
It's like a mix between DDR and one of those online Korean or Japanese games
that people play like R2 Beat, O2 Jam, those things.
The interface really reminds me of that.
I believe it was developed by one of those companies
because it shows the logo there in the beginning.
I noticed a couple of licensed songs.
There was a Madonna song in there, but an old one.
I think it was like Papa Don't Preach was in there.
And then, of course, I remember
Jump Around, Jump Around, Jump Up, Jump Up was in there, that song.
But some of the steps are pretty atrocious.
That's what I noticed.
It starts getting to be very in the groove level difficulty
when you get up pretty high, which on your fingers is...
I'm serious.
Some of these steps are just too crazy.
It's like finger-finger mania or something.
But otherwise...
Wow, that sounds fascinating to hear finger mania.
Otherwise, the game was...
It was very comparable to one of those other types of MMOs you would play.
And their music, although long, they don't edit the music down.
It was all like two, three and a half minute songs.
It fit pretty good.
I had a fairly okay time with it.
It screams polish to me.
I hope they don't...
No, I think they're going to add more stuff to it.
And I hear it's changing a lot.
You'll notice things get added and disappear,
so I think they're still putting some tweaks on it.
I'm going to try some more songs that have yet to go into it.
And I imagine...
They're probably still trying to figure out what the model is going to be.
I'm pretty sure the game is going to be free,
which I hope it is,
because I couldn't see myself paying much more than ten bucks for it.
I understand there might be licenses in the game and stuff,
but the game itself just not...
How many people play DDR on the PC?
Not enough, in my opinion.
It's really tough when there's a big DDR simulator out there
that's free and has thousands upon thousands of tracks
freely available out there.
Anyway, I just wanted to say that.
I got a chance to look at the beta,
and that's what's going on with it.
Anyway, back to the news.
Dark Soccer had brought up Flow for the PlayStation 3.
Another game that was being anticipated for the PlayStation 3 was Warhawk.
There was a rumor, and I emphasize a rumor going on right now,
that Warhawk could actually turn into a PS3 downloadable title instead,
just like a Gran Turismo HD.
I believe they did confirm saying that it was not cancelled.
It was not cancelled. That's good.
It would be interesting if you have all these games
that are kind of going down that path.
But apparently the whole rumor started
because there was a new director who was brought in
who was thinking about changing the whole direction for Warhawk.
Interesting.
Yes.
What's also interesting is that Wii and PlayStation 3 discs
have been dumped to ISOs,
making way for a whole new brand of piracy for the PlayStation 3 and the Wii.
PlayStation 3 I could see because it's Blu-ray,
and the system has a hard drive built into it,
so I'm seeing something pretty similar to what happened with the PlayStation 2
happening with the PlayStation 3.
But right now, Cracking Group Paradox has dumped the first ISO,
not yet playable, but they've still dumped it,
and it's only a matter of time, of Motorstorm, the Japanese ISO for that.
And right now they're saying that the first few sectors
of the PlayStation 3 image are special
and may contain the decryption keys for the executables,
but right now they still haven't figured out exactly how to run stuff yet.
On the other front, though, with the Wii,
there's actually been a program released to be able to dump that,
and I believe it's two freely available programs to be able to dump those.
One, of course, is called DVD Info Pro.
That's available out there right now.
And then there's another program that you use once you have that,
the RAW to Dump, and they'll dump an image of the Wii DVD.
But of course, once again, they haven't figured out how to run those yet either.
But that's half the battles, dumping the disc,
and the other half is getting it on there and playing it,
so it's only a matter of time.
So how long before we see fully pirated Wii and PS3 games available on the Internet?
Probably a few months.
The Wii's kind of tricky because it's really hard to read those discs.
A normal computer can't read them,
so I'm not sure about the Blu-Ray ROMs for the PS3,
but I know that the Wii ones are pretty hard.
So I don't know. We'll see.
Hopefully, Sony's protection in the past has been pretty crappy,
so I wouldn't be surprised if we see this stuff pretty soon.
All right.
Well, as far as getting back into what is actually available and legally,
for our listeners in the UK, actually, there's some new games heading to a virtual console.
We have Street Fighter II going on there
and also a game called Super Probotector, which in the U.S. is Contra III,
which is so unfair because I want Contra III.
It's an 800 Wii Point game.
Goodwin, if you want to check it out, let me know how good it pulls over.
I've been pleased with everything that's come up for virtual consoles.
They still have Flickr. I think it's fantastic.
But those are new ones coming out.
Lucky.
Yeah, I want to know what we're getting.
We still don't know what we're getting tomorrow, do we?
There's rumors, but we don't know for sure, right?
I want Super Contra III.
We don't know, but there's other stuff that's in the works, I know that.
All kind of rumors, though, right?
I'm sure I've seen Kid Icarus, but...
Well, no, this is stuff that's, of course, coming from the ESRB website.
And I want to say, let me see here.
There was quite a bit that was coming out.
One of them was Bonk III for a virtual console.
That's coming out soon, at least.
And I know they were showing...
Well, Kid Icarus was on there a while ago.
Mighty Bomb Jack.
Xevious.
Let's see here, Jewel Quest 2.
I think that's...
Xevious was in last week's releases.
Yeah, that's probably a full game, the Jewel Quest 2 thing.
Let's see here.
That's all the ones I see.
What about the Nintendo originals?
Weren't there supposed to be, like, original virtual console things coming out?
Yeah, wasn't there supposed to be online play as well?
Right, it'll come eventually.
Like, eons away from now.
I guess all in good time.
We'll see.
Well, now, another very interesting story going around about the Wii is that, you know, of course, there's always these, I don't know what you'd call them, parental groups that want to prevent anybody from having fun.
Well, apparently, the WFAA has put out this thing going out that says that, hey, look, the Wii and the PlayStation 3 can get on the internet.
Therefore, your kids are accessing pornography through the Wii and the PlayStation 3.
Because, you know, how easy is it that you can go on and you can go click-click on, you know, Pornotube or something and go access some pornography?
I'm actually looking at the website here that says, oh, my gosh, these games are internet access.
They're gateways to pornography.
They can play WarioWare, Guitar Hero, and PlayStation 3 as well, and pornography.
I love the pornography game.
There's a quote here in this article, quote, they're innocent and we want to try and keep them that way.
It's very upsetting something this popular, a kid game, can go that direction so quickly.
Oh, shut up, stupid fucking...
And even in this story, in a blog one child boasted, the first thing I thought of when I downloaded the Wii browser was also porn.
Yeah, I'm sure it was really a child that was blogging about that shit.
Well, if they were under 18, you'd see a 17-year-old would be considered a child.
But it's the same damn thing as the computer, right?
Yeah.
If you have a PC in your house, that is also a gateway to porn.
So monitor your kids' Wii and PS3 use just like you do their PC use.
Duh.
How hard is that?
That kind of pisses me off that people are trying to spin this.
It's like, oh, my gosh, the Wii has chicks doing it on it.
Well, that's just like saying, you know, eating McDonald's is going to make you fat.
Then the next week later, oh, eating Burger King is going to make you fat.
And then the next week later, oh, Taco Bell is going to make you fat.
They're all gateways to fatness.
You know, well, it's just fucking stupid bitches that need the fucking attention.
And every news outlet seems to do this kind of shit too.
Oh, my God, it's because they don't have news and they need something to fill space.
That's what it fucking is.
And if there's another, you know, device that comes out there that's a gateway, you know,
that has the Internet on it, oh, my God, it's a gateway to porn.
You know what?
There's fucking goddamn child safety stuff on there.
They even have the update to block the Internet before, you know, the Internet browser was
even available and the weather too because, my God, there can be some pornography in the
weather.
Oh, I remember that one time there was the topless weather girl on the weather channel.
Well, this is something completely different.
I mean, they have the tools are there for the parents to use and it's just the parents
are being stupid.
And that's all it is.
And because for one, I mean, pulling up porn on the Wii is fucking slow.
I mean, granted, you can do it, but they have the parental controls on there.
Lots of good comments from chat chat.
Don't orange launch radio dot com live on this Sunday evening on this topic, DDR dollar
Bill says, fuck, the cell phone is a gateway to the Internet.
Thus, it can get on porno sites.
James Patrick says, well, there's porn sites built for the Wii like people, you know, kind
of catering to that whole thing.
And I'm looking at as well, let's see, Black Boy says, there are also programs that restrict
what websites can be accessed on the computer, but we don't really see anything like that
on the Wii yet.
Yeah.
It's called the parental controls.
Does that work on websites too?
It's for the whole Internet, blocks the whole Internet from.
Oh, okay.
Very interesting.
Also, somebody else said here that you could get it on the PSP as well, and they left it
out.
Well, Shadow Charlie says, PSP can give you porn, and they don't say shit about that.
And then Trax leaves us with this thought, if you can't rationally parent your child,
shouldn't have one in the first place.
Oh, and then, of course, S2H makes this groaner.
These parents are probably the same types who would let people drink two gallons of
water in a short time.
Now they win because water is a gateway to porn.
That takes us to our FUs of the Week, because you know what, when we hear about these stupid,
uninformed stories, we get very angry, and we want to rant a little bit, because we can.
It's our show.
We can do what we want.
Dark Soccer, are you ready to get angsty?
I've been ready.
My FU of the Week goes towards distance, and knowing that two people that I care an awful
lot about are separated by it right now.
I really don't know what else to say, just that I hope they hang in there and can't wait
to see them together again, and I'm talking about Chris and Megzy.
The official OLR lesbians will be reunited again soon.
Fucking to your neighbors, because they're dumb little kids that won't fucking get out
of the way of cars.
I mean, I'm sitting there trying to park my car, and they're playing football in the middle
street in the dark, by the way, and they won't fucking move, so fuck them, and I'm glad I
ran over your fucking toy last week, stupid bitches, and I will run you over if you get
my car away again.
My FU of the Week goes to my office chair, which is now sitting in the corner of the
room, broken, because it snapped in two places when my fat ass plopped in it the other day.
It's quite funny, because it is now the hoopy chair, because you can sit in and lean back.
A big thank you to Duck Tape, which I think will fix my chair soon, although Dark Sakura
did say I could probably get a new one pretty cheap at IKEA, and it would look better than
Duck Tape, and I do love me some IKEA, I need an excuse to go there.
I recommend, though, Duck Tape might fix Dark Sakura's chair.
I've tried to fix this chair with Duck Tape.
We should just cover the whole chair in Duck Tape.
No, because I don't want to be sneaky.
Maybe I'll get another chair soon, but that means money.
I'd adjust and it'd sound like a fart.
Oh, and FU to dental bills.
Oh, God, I hate when I go to the dentist, I feel like I'm going to a used car salesman.
They're trying to talk me into all this crap I don't need, and it's like, you know, if
I don't do it, then my teeth are all going to fall out, and I know that's not true.
My dentist is trying to get me to upgrade to a $1,000 crown.
A crown that costs $1,000 because they say my insurance will only cover a tin can.
I have a $1,000 crown.
Did you pay for all of that out of pocket?
I paid $500 out of it.
See, my insurance won't pay for any of it.
It sucks.
The whole reason I have the one I did is because it was absolute necessity because it was my
back molar that broke.
The root broke, and I had to have the whole thing pulled out.
No, no, no.
That's not my situation.
See, don't feel bad about having, you know, the tin one when it could be a lot worse.
Exactly.
Anyway, moving on.
This is exactly why I don't go to the dentist.
When you go, you're going to be in for a surprise.
They're going to tell you that your teeth are fucked and you need $5,000 to fix them.
I'll tell them to fuck off and I'll leave.
This is why I never came back.
When your teeth hurt, I mean, teeth pain is the worst type of pain you can have anywhere.
I have one tooth that's been hurting, and I went to the dentist and suddenly they told
me $2,000 worth of work I needed, and I'm like, that's different if your teeth are hurting,
but mine aren't.
I only have one tooth that hurts, and they tell me I need work on all 20.
I have my wisdom teeth in because I'm wise.
That's why.
I hate the dentist.
I hate the dentist.
I wonder why people are afraid of the dentist.
I'm involved to have extra chewing power because I eat a lot of meat.
I need to eat twice the amount of animals to make up for the vegetarians.
The porn industry, they seem to be ahead of technology as far as video and stuff goes.
They were the first to have pre-recorded video cassettes, the first to jump on the DVD bandwagon,
and now the first to be using HD DVD.
That's kind of the format they're going with because of a couple reasons.
First off, HD DVD is a lot easier to produce and cheaper, and also there was that whole
fiasco of people saying that they're actually not going to let them duplicate Blu-Ray discs,
although I don't think that's really the case.
It's just more expensive.
Of the two formats, it seems to be out of an impartial survey during the adult entertainment
expo that was going on there that HD DVD sounds like the way it's going to go, at least for
the porn industry.
So, if you have a 360, there you go, some porn.
Although I do recommend, though, if you are going to watch porn on the PS3, just dump
it to your hard drive.
You know what, though?
I got to be honest.
If they do go to HD DVD, which it sounds like they're going to do, this is it.
It's over.
Format wars are over.
That's what ended VHS in beta when porn went to VHS.
I think, though, they make a good point that if it's cheaper to produce, then the disc
prices are going to be cheaper, but right now the retail for disc prices isn't any cheaper
than Blu-Ray.
So it comes down to the bottom line of price, what's going to cost these companies and what
kind of a margin they can make on this stuff because it's cheaper to produce for.
If it's going to be the same quality, then yeah, I think HD DVD is going to win out.
This is why I'm simply saying the format wars are over.
I don't mean to keep dogging on Sony, but look in the porn industry, and who doesn't
love some porn?
When they go for HD DVD, that's it.
Well, Sony is really kind of known for failed formats anyways.
I mean, let's see here, Betamax, UMD.
Kick them while they're down, Loki.
Kick them while they're down.
I mean, hey, you know, I support Sony just as much, but it's there.
Moving on, in New York State, Representative Keith Wright proposed legislation to block
the sales of games that depict racist and religious violence to minors.
The bill is A00547, and if it passed, it will block the sales of those games that glamorize
violent crime, suicide, sexual violence, violent racism, religious violence, and illegal use
of drugs or alcohol.
He's also called for retailers to play such games in an adults-only section.
Retailers would be required to check IDs for buyers under 30.
Again the problem I have with this, who checks what games meet this criteria?
What is considered violent?
That's why we have the ESRB.
I understand that, but I don't like it when I see these bills and they're so vague on
we want to put violent games behind a closed curtain.
Well, what's a violent game?
This one actually has been going a bit more to define it, to define the violence at any
rate.
However, racism is, I mean, basically anybody can get offended over something if it remotely
sounds racist to them, so I don't see how it's, and it works both ways too.
I think that honestly, again, it's not the place of our government to decide what gets
sold to who.
I think it's the job of the parents to take a more active role in what their children
are playing.
Talk to them, look in every so often, but in the end, it's not the place of our government
to decide.
We already have rating systems.
Most retailers already can't sell anything that's rated M to a minor, so why is this
necessary?
All this is is wasting more taxpayer money.
We hadn't done the FUs previously.
All right, anyway, moving on, I want to talk a little bit about PC gaming.
Remember, one of our New Year's resolutions was we were going to give some more love to
PC gaming, and well, technically this is about Mac gaming, but that's okay.
PC is personal computer.
It's everything.
So Mac fans are going to be in luck because it sounds like GameTap is planning to port
Myst Online over to the Mac, and also Myst Online is going to be getting a whole new
world to explore.
It's kind of weird though because GameTap is actually not available on the Mac, and
a lot of people say that's what's stopping them from getting on GameTap, and if GameTap
could bring their pretty big library over to the Mac, that would be something else.
Well, TransGaming is going to be the company that's actually going to bring the title over
to the Mac, so that's kind of cool.
No release as of yet.
It's just announced that it's happening, but those folks were looking into getting into
Myst Online.
There you have it.
You can do that on the Mac if you are so inclined.
There you go.
One cool game that's going to be coming to the PC, Monster Hunter, not a real huge franchise
in the United States, but it is pretty big over in Japan.
I think the last one they had was on the PSP.
Pretty cool series.
Kind of a cross between, almost like, Dynasty Warriors or Samurai Warriors and, say, Shadow
of the Colossus.
You're basically fighting dragons and stuff with really fantasy weapons and stuff like
that.
So, pretty cool.
Now, hopefully, they'll bring it to 360 or PlayStation 3 or something like that.
I'd like to see that.
Or even a PlayStation 2 release of the ones that they have in Japan.
Bandits was on the PS2 a while back, I think.
I'm not sure in the United States, but I know it was in Japan.
They've had a few in Japan.
I think there was the one on PS2, because I remember seeing it at Dan's old store.
Hmm.
Well, at any rate, as far as other games, there's the Battlefield 2142 Northern Strike
for the PC being worked on right now.
EA's announced it.
It's a booster pack being worked on by EA Digital Illusions Studio in Stockholm.
Wow, that's Swedish.
And it's scheduled for release in March 2007.
It's going to be a futuristic conflict that's following a second ice age.
They've released more details on the story, but it's also going to include three new maps,
the World War II battle scene at the bridge of Remagen, Alpine Titan, and a liberation
at Leipzig.
So, it seems like it's got some stuff going on.
Although, it seems to me most people prefer Battlefield 2 to Battlefield 2142.
I played like yay much of Battlefield 2 and decided it wasn't my kind of game, but have
you played a little more of this, Logie?
Nope.
Oh, I thought you had for some reason.
Oh, I had it for free, and I don't try to play too much PC.
In fact, the last PC game I played was Oblivion.
I loaded it on there, and my laptop barely runs it.
But, I played with a lot of cheat devices running at the same time, so I have my super
powered character.
So, it was fun going around and killing people from long distances away, unlocking spells
that were in there for test purposes, and just plainly exerting my force over the citizens
of a town.
That's what I like.
Why aren't you playing more PC games, man?
I need to play more Fable.
That's not really a PC game, though.
Why aren't you playing more PC games?
Because my PC's old, and because also I just don't have the time for it.
I mean, I just don't have the time for it.
You know, wife doesn't like playing games.
I see.
Well, maybe there'd be a PC game she likes.
Desperate Housewives of the Game came out, didn't it?
Should buy that for her.
See if the wife likes that.
No.
But, that reminds me, though, I should probably load up The Sims 2 again so I can kill more
Sims.
Oh, and maybe get Sims 2 Pets so I can kill animals, too.
All right, well, um, I wonder what you should, too bad you can't make them drink lots of
water.
Stop it.
Moving back to the console world, you know, folks that have 360s that are, you know, on
their last legs don't really want to have to send that back if they can help it.
Kotaku ran an interesting story earlier this week about an old urban legend about how you
can save a dying 360.
They're saying that you can wrap your busted 360 in a towel, turn it on, leave it on for
ten to fifteen minutes, turn it off, remove the towel, and turn it back on and it works.
And apparently this will cure the three red rings of death.
So this is just a rumor that they're running and apparently, you know, some commenters
on the site say, you know, it does kind of make sense.
One commenter on the site said it's kind of like a heat gun trick.
Instead of using a heat gun, you're using the heat coming off the CPU because you're
wrapping it up in the towels.
It's not a good idea.
Why?
Just put it that way.
It's not a good idea to do it.
Why?
Because before the thought was that they were overheating because the contact between the
heat sink and the actual processor, whatever they would, you know, put in there, wasn't
fully melted all the way.
And so using the heat gun, you would melt that so it didn't have a better contact with
the heat sink and it would cause it to not overheat.
Well, by wrapping this whole thing in a towel, you may be, you know, duplicating that, but
at the same time, you're overheating everything else and causing stuff to break.
So in a sense, I guess if you have the three rings of death already, you might as well
give it a shot because it's not going to hurt nothing.
But I mean...
Not going to help it either.
It's not going to probably help it either.
Well, JeremyTau1 says on the IGM message board, someone tried the towel trick and they said
it actually worked.
ActDeaf says, hey, I got the three rings of death.
Just hit your 360.
It really works.
And then, of course, we have a comment from Drunami.
Just give your 360 a lot of water.
Submerge it.
Topic change, please.
Submerge it into the ocean.
Topic change, please.
Anyway, speaking of funny, crazy stuff, let's talk about our friend, Ken Kutaragi.
Crayon Man!
In 2006, he had a lot of crazy things to say.
All the more reason I think that, you know, we should really get him to stop talking.
But there is actually a website, though, that compiled a pretty interesting list of his
quotes on PS3 today.
And so we thought we would share some of them with you and maybe have some discussion about
how crazy he is.
First off, the PlayStation 3 is not a game machine.
That was a quote from him.
So not a game machine.
I guess it's a computer.
Anyways, being us for a short moment is like accidentally winning a point from a Sheerhan,
a karate master, and Microsoft is still not a black belt.
Just like with their operating systems, they might come out with something good around
the third generation of their release.
So I don't get that.
That doesn't make any sense.
Let's see here.
Oh, this one's kind of funny.
Microsoft shoots for the moon.
So do you.
Did you just say Microsoft?
No, I think.
We're all having topic problems or talking problems.
See, I can't even talk.
We're all having talking problems.
I don't think that I've said anything.
It's in the water in this town.
The water not only is killing people, but it's making people stupid.
Anyways, Microsoft shoots for the moon.
Sony shoots for the sun.
This time Microsoft has stated clearly that it's going after the PlayStation.
However, not after the PlayStation 3, but the PlayStation 2, they were looking at 2
and that's why Xbox 360 became like that.
Because it's the second console from them, they're going after the second console from
Sony.
Yeah, no, that doesn't make any sense either.
With PlayStation or the PlayStation 3, our intentions have been to create a machine with
super computer calculation capabilities for home entertainment.
Okay.
All right.
And then I'm trying to find the funniest one here.
We're not going to equip the PlayStation 3 or the hard drive by default because no matter
how much capacity we put in it, it won't be enough.
Yeah, to load all those games that you're going to need to stream off your hard drive
because the Blu-ray drive is too slow.
Oh, this one's funny.
All right, last one.
The PlayStation 3 will instill discipline in our children and adults alike.
Everyone will know discipline.
Will the PS3 spank you when you're naughty?
Is that the kind of discipline it's going to be?
Because maybe I'd buy one if that's what it'll do.
Because I need some discipline.
The spank ray returns.
Hooray.
Old gaming reference there.
What also returns this week as it shows up every week except the week we were off last
week is DarkSakura's website of the week.
She serves the internet up and down and left and right and back and forth and all over
the place.
In fact, I hear there's 13 different ways she can hold her internet including the mortar
and pestle and she finds a website that she likes and shares it all with you here on our
program.
It's called DarkSakura's website of the week.
See?
It's something in the water.
I don't drink the water, though.
I had coffee.
Coffee is made of water, stupid.
I didn't use tap water, though.
I used filtered water.
I filter all the stupid out of it.
Whatever.
Anyway, the website of the week is YouParkLikeAnAsshole.com, best site ever.
This site actually has downloadable notices that you can leave on people's cars like in
fraction number one and fraction number two.
They're available in PDF format and you can leave them on cars that you see parked badly
as in double parking, being too close to the line where no one can get out of the car next
to them.
The best thing about it is that it has check marks that you can put on there to say, like,
listed two spots, one car, a little too close, too far away from the driveway, too close
to my driveway, over the painted lines, diagonal parking, cool car, diagonal parking, not so
cool car, move up, that's compact, and others so that you can walk it in.
And there's a disclaimer that says, Parking is far too limited in our overcrowded streets
and parking lots and you happen to park like an asshole.
Go to the above website to see why someone else thought you parked like an asshole.
Don't be too offended, we all do it one time or another, it just so happens that you got
caught.
Dude, Jamie, I'll give you a quarter to leave one on next to first car.
Dude, I'd do it for free.
Well, what was I going to say?
And you can also send pictures to the site, too.
They need the one that's like four corners, it's where you park in four spaces at once,
you know, like just down the center of the crossing.
I'm going to go to the site, look, I have a little printer right here, a little cheap
ass $30 printer, I'm going to go to the site, first thing when I can, when the show is done,
I'm going to print some out and carry them around in my car and I'll let you know how
many I use.
Actually, yesterday, when I was getting sushi, there were these people who were just parked,
I mean, really freaking parked badly, like the line was in the middle of both of their
cars.
Well, how about they need the one on there that says this is not a parking spot, you
know, it's like in the middle of the road or like double parked or just wherever.
Well, also, you can, well, this is what I did, I actually just hand wrote notes and
left diagrams pointing the proper way to park and the first one says, you park like an idiot,
you learn how to do this when you're a teenager, don't do it again, and the other one was,
you park like you're retarded, get back on the short bus.
Wow, that's, what if the person, what if the person really was mentally challenged, that
would have been, that would have been.
Then they don't need to be driving.
But this person was triple parked, I kid you not, not even for legitimate reasons, it was
at a restaurant.
Alright, real quick here, I got one more Ken Kutaragi quote, I missed this one, it says,
if processors of high performance and wide bandwidth like the cell were linked together
without sufficient security, a worldwide system crash could occur with one attack.
Is there a site called YouTalkLikeAnAsshole.com?
I don't know.
Speaking of assholes, here's one in training, apparently a nine-year-old child stole their
neighbor's car, got spotted by police on the interstate, guns it to a 90 mile an hour chase,
the kid tried to take an exit ramp but the engine blew and the car hit a curb, went into
a tree and the kid gets captured.
How the hell did a nine-year-old learn to drive a car?
I had to do so many loops in the parking lot at my high school with a driver's ed instructor
before I was ever able to figure out how to drive.
Same way I did, Ridge Racer.
Well, yeah, you're not helping much because apparently according to what was going on
is that the mom believed that PlayStation taught him how to do all this, so apparently
either Grand Theft Auto or Ridge Racer, this is where he learned to drive and do all this
and hightail it to get away from the cops.
You're not helping Dark Soccer.
Well, did you see the other part of this?
They don't have accurate driving simulators.
I think it was arcade games that did it.
It's all Gran Turismo's fault.
Did you see the real driving simulator?
Anyways, did you see the rest of the story where they were talking about how he, before
that, also recently evaded airport security, managing the Hoppa flight?
No, they're trying to turn it into Chuck Norris.
Come on.
Oh, that'd be funny.
See, that'd be cool if he actually did that because I'd give props to the kid, but yeah,
I think, though, seriously...
Props to the kid?
That's my tax dollars paying to bust his ass.
Fuck that.
Put him in juvie.
No, props to the kid because the parents should get, you know, fucking billed for something
for this shit.
I absolutely agree the parents should be billed for it all.
My tax dollars should not go to pay for this stupid kid.
Don't let little Billy in the goddamn car.
It's a gateway to porn.
Well, he stole the neighbor's car.
He could drive to a porno shop.
Where did he learn to steal a car?
You can't...
In a video game, you press X to steal the car.
You did not go through the whole process.
He didn't steal a car.
Here's what happened.
Little fucking, you know, mommy went into the store, Billy, stay in the car, I'm going
to leave it running, got in the driver's seat and drove off.
That's what happened.
It said it was the neighbor's car.
Well, fine.
The neighbor let him into the car.
What are they doing leaving their car unlocked?
With the keys in the ignition.
With a crazy nine-year-old in the neighborhood.
Dennis the Menace, we're on to you.
Anyways, so speaking of crazy driving and stuff, Burnout 5 is coming out and I cannot
wait for that.
And I know that, you know, apparently there's been some screenshots where pedestrians have
been spotted.
I can only hope that that were the case, but unfortunately I'm thinking this is from some
sort of cut scene in the game.
But if there's pedestrians and I can hit them going 200 miles an hour, that sold the game
twice to me right there.
Seriously, me too.
I'm like, seriously, if there's actually pedestrians on the road that like run away from your car
and stuff, oh my God, did I just buy this game like three times.
Burnout is so hot to begin with, like it's one of my favorite racers.
It really is awesome.
Except for the soundtracks.
I always change.
That's why I love 360.
You can just change out the soundtrack.
But oh man, oh man.
I want an M-rated game, oh fuck that, you know, an adult-only game where I can blow
these people.
I want to see blood splatters and skull fragments shattering into my window.
That'd be awesome.
Seriously, I think if, you know, especially with Rockstar and the next Grand Theft Auto
game, hell, just to go adult-only and just fucking go crazy.
Go fucking nuts.
Just have a normal, like, do like movies, you know, have a rated version of the game
and have the underrated, you know.
That way you can still sell as many copies and, you know, some people will buy the underrated
where you can fucking blow people up and have skull fragments, you know, slam into your
car.
It'd be cool, though, if like the skull fragments could impale other people and embed in their
skulls and kill them.
Yeah.
That'd be fantastic.
Anyway.
You guys are morbid.
I am not.
I would love to read some chat comments right now, but I just totally got booted from chat.
I pinged out, so I'm trying to get back to you.
I'll read chat comments.
Thank you.
Is there anything interesting?
Dark Sakura is awesome.
Real ones, please.
They're just like saying a yay burnout and red asphalt, someone said.
Ouch.
But moving on to the next story, speaking of fun violence, we have Calling All Cars,
formerly known as Criminal Crackdown, which is supposed to be a mix of stuff like Bomberman
and Twisted Metal and Demolition Derby with explosions and crashes and criminals and crashes
and more crashes and more crashes.
It kind of looks like Grand Theft Auto 1 and 2.
I know.
It has that same sort of, well, it's more of a diagonally overhead view, I think.
But Sony Computer Entertainment is saying that it would be out by March.
So let's hope so.
That looks kind of fun to me.
I love exploding stuff.
I love the description here.
It says Tom and Jerry type violence with mass destruction.
Sounds interesting.
All right.
Well, we're going to take your calls pretty soon on our Skype line, which is 1-877-GAME-OLR.
The username is Skype.
But one other thing that that phone line can be used for is to leave voicemails when we're
not here.
We like to play some of our favorite voicemails on the air when we're not able to take your
calls live.
And we're going to play some of those voicemails right now.
We got some really good ones from the last couple shows.
So here's our first voicemail.
This one's about two minutes.
Hi.
This is Razorburn 2021.
I wanted to make some comments on last week's show.
I just got done with my weekly listen, and ParadoxVincent's call about Wii Sports kind
of got me thinking about a problem I've been having for the last couple of gens with Nintendo
product.
It's one of the things that kind of held me back from really getting into it, and it's
kind of a Nintendo fanaticism.
Guys like ParadoxVincent, if you can't look at a game like Wii Sports, I mean, I'm huge.
I really, really enjoy Gears of War, but I can look at it and see why there are people
that won't like it.
I can see why people would see it as boring or that it just doesn't have the flair they're
looking for.
If you can't look at Wii Sports and see why a critic would bash it, I think you've really
kind of let yourself get a little too into Nintendo.
There's this feeling out there that Nintendo can do no wrong, and I think Graybush, when
you had your interview, touched on a little bit that most systems have fans that are way,
way harder on their games than Nintendo, because I think right now Wii fanatics are kind of
really thirsty for every game to be this, specifically the Nintendo titles, to be a
huge success.
I've heard stories from most podcasts I listen to about, well, over the holidays I took it
and my grandma wanted to play Wii Sports, but yeah, I mean, I've heard that a lot that
how many of your grandmas really are going out and buying a Wii.
You say, well, Grandma came over and she wanted to talk to me about Wii, but I mean, how many
of the grandmas are sitting around the hair parlor and saying, well, where's Edith?
Last week I played Wii Bowling!
Gaming has come a long way, but I think it's come a long way.
I'm sure your grandpa will play Wii Sports with you, but I don't think, you know, he
was a nom.
He's not going to sit down and play elephants.
I think that you need to be able to see both sides of an argument to really be a gamer,
and I think if you're really looking at the Wii from this perspective of there's going
to be this rude awakening because everybody can get into it, I think that's looking at
it wrong.
I think that if you're someone who's a true gamer, you know, maybe it should bother you
a little bit that everything's being simplified so that everyone can be into it.
I'm being kind of rambly now and now my call's gone too long, so I'm just going to let you
go.
Love you.
Well, thank you very much for the voicemail.
We appreciate it.
You know, it's kind of interesting.
I'm kind of trying to think back to the show when that was taped and kind of everything
that we said that was going on there.
I don't think it's necessarily that Nintendo can do no wrong, because certainly at least
us here in the studio pointed out many faults that Nintendo's done.
We were just making fun of Red Steel earlier, although granted that's a third-party title,
but most people would say, hey, it's a mistake.
Nintendo's not online right now.
They should have made some different decisions maybe with the Wii, and they're certainly
capable of doing things that are wrong.
I just think maybe folks thought that that particular review on Wii Sports was really
harsh because of the fact that so many people can pick up and go with Wii Sports.
I suppose you're right that grandmas and grandpas aren't exactly buying Wiis, and that's what
it's all about.
But I think not so much grandmas and grandpas, but parents.
I think if parents feel like they could get into a video game system with their children,
I think that's what could really sell the Wii systems right there.
I think that's kind of the thing that maybe that particular caller was going for in that
call.
But certainly Nintendo is not without their own faults.
Wii Sports may not have been on my top ten of the year necessarily, but I thought it
was a good game and better than average.
I don't think it was deserving of a negative review, but I suppose everybody has their
opinions.
Thanks for the voicemail, though.
That was kind of funny.
I like that.
You're a funny guy.
All right.
Let's go to our next voicemail and our last voicemail of the week.
Hey, guys.
This is Mr. Wonderful from the forum.
I just wanted to chime in with what Sky was saying on the most recent show about gaming
journalism being in for a rude awakening.
I couldn't agree more.
I'm a gaming journalist myself, and for too long the gaming journalism community has really
just been focusing on what they perceive to be hardcore and trying to tell the community
about what's new and hardcore and underground, but they're a mainstream publication.
They need to appeal to all walks of life.
They need to appeal to the gaming public as a whole, not just niches.
So I think that the Wii is going to provide a huge awakening, it's going to provide a
revolution, if you will, of this community, because journalists can't just say, you know,
Gears of War is the greatest game ever because, you know, Cliffy B made it and all this.
There's a lot of new gamers out there who don't know who Cliffy B is and probably don't
care.
They're going to have to start covering more, a wider range of topics, and they're going
to have to start backing up claims, going to start.
I think we're going to see a new age of gaming magazines.
They can't just keep continuing on the path they're on or this huge audience that Nintendo
has got is not going to be buying their magazines if they don't understand a damn word of them.
So yeah, I agree pretty much wholeheartedly with what you're saying.
It's going to be an interesting time for journalism as well as gaming, and I can't wait to see
where it goes, but if somebody doesn't pick up on this trend that there's non-gamers that
are gaming now, then I don't think they're going to get into it, whereas if there is
a magazine out there that caters to this idea that people who haven't played games and don't
know as much about the history or the culture of gaming, and kind of a my first gaming magazine,
if you will, I think something like that could have huge success.
So I'd really like to see something like that happen.
Great show and keep up the great work.
Looking forward to the next one.
Take it easy, guys.
Thank you very much for the voicemail.
We appreciate it.
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
Again, this goes back to the whole casual gaming magazine.
Although I agree with what the guy is saying, because he was agreeing with me, I don't know
if I necessarily think, and kind of reflecting and thinking about that, I don't know if a
casual gaming magazine would really sell, because people usually buy magazines for their
hobbies and the things they're really into, so I don't know if necessarily a casual gaming
magazine would sell, but I kind of go back to something I had referenced on that particular
show where I said magazines like Entertainment Weekly and so on need to expand on their gaming
sections and magazines that are dedicated to entertainment and those types of things
in general should look at these things from a casual game perspective.
That was my thought.
Anything else you guys want to add?
I don't know.
I'm just glad that they have the perspectives out there for casual gamers as well as a hardcore
gamer because a lot of people just don't really get the perspectives of the other person.
So it's kind of good that they have that kind of stuff out there.
DJ Morpheus in chat says, why doesn't OLR play hate voicemails?
Because everyone loves us.
We don't get hate voicemails.
Start sending them in.
Yeah, call and leave us some, I don't know.
We listen to them and get a chuckle out of it and then we delete it.
Let's see, James Patrick has a good comment, saying Nintendo fans are crazy is stupid.
Madden fans, GTA fans, a lot of fans are just as bad.
SSJ 100 Matt has an interesting comment.
Some Nintendo fanboys are getting as bad as Scientologists.
When someone says something bad about it, they go on the offensive, like the Zelda 8.8
rating.
I agree people got their panties way too ruffled over that one.
People in general should just realize it's just some dude's opinion who happens to work
for a big website that all you people visit.
I don't know why, but you do and you apparently listen to what they have to say, but in the
end it's just one dude's opinion.
What makes these people any more qualified than you, you or me?
I mean, I realize they went to journalism school, they know how to write and they have
a love of games, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and all that stuff.
But I have a love of games.
You that listened and downloaded this video game podcast has a love of games.
So these guys know their spelling and their grammar and how to write a good review.
That's about it.
It doesn't always mean, I mean, I don't think, to be honest, that a lot of these people have
gone to journalism school.
I think they're just being hired, so.
I could almost, in fact, I know for a fact not all of them have.
I know that for a fact.
Oh well, that's what we got.
Any more news?
Yes, we definitely have some new stuff.
So this was pretty exciting.
All week long they've been kind of teasing stuff, starting off with a YouTube video of
some prototype footage of it.
Brand new Ghostbusters game and it's being produced by a company called ZootFly and right
now it's something that they're developing right now, they're working on it.
Problem is, of course, they're being held up by a lot of the licensing issues, you know,
with the movie, etc.
So it's something that's being currently worked on, but it looks pretty cool so far.
And right now, on top of the Ghostbusters game, ZootFly is also working on another game
called Time Zero and it's basically, it's kind of related to Ghostbusters a little bit,
talks about two adventurers who are die-hard New Yorkers and they get trapped in a deep,
like the shadow world of a parallel New York and the city itself is actually a war machine
threatening to wipe out the world and they have three days to stop it.
So that's kind of neat, they're working on that and I know they're also working on another
game called Toy Wars, which is coming to the Xbox Live Arcade, which looks pretty cool
too.
So hopefully people, you know, so far the response has been pretty good on it and a
lot of fans want to see this thing made, so hopefully a publisher jumps on this and gets
the licensing rights paid for and hopefully we see this game, you know, come to fruition.
Alright.
Well, that sounds pretty cool and I like that screenshot of the toy game that you showed
me and that's kind of cool.
Yeah.
Is this something you'll probably buy?
It would be.
I like Ghostbusters, I think it'd be fun.
Will it have the song in it?
That's all I want to know.
Um, actually the song is different, they have a rock version of it in the video that they
were showing, so I liked it.
I thought it was pretty cool.
Alright.
Very cool.
Alright.
Well, this is the point of the show where we're going to open up the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, our username is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype or you can give
us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR, which is toll free in the US and Canada.
Sorry, UK folks and those in other countries, whether it be Australia, wherever you're at,
you'll have to use the old fashioned method of calling us on Skype, which I guess isn't
really old fashioned, but for us it is.
Let's go to the phones.
I'm getting a lot of calls tonight already.
Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
It's the Rob D in chat.
Hey, the Rob D in chat.
I like your name.
Thank you.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not too much.
I was just going to talk about that one article you read about how the Wii is a gateway to
porn.
By the way, I just want to say before we start getting into this, I want to say Rob D's quality
is like perfect right now.
I'm loving this call because I don't hear myself echoing in the background.
No static.
No static.
I can hear his volume is perfect.
This is a model phone call, boys and girls.
I applaud you.
You have a good enunciation.
I do.
I applaud you, Rob D. Not to knock on the other callers because I realize it's internet
radio and what have you, but Rob D, whatever you've done to set yourself up, you need to
share that with everybody.
It's great.
Sounds great.
All right.
So the Wii porn story.
What do you want to say?
All right.
So basically, I don't know if you actually covered this.
I unfortunately was watching part of the Colts game, so I was kind of halfway listening to
OLR.
We forgive you.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
So I don't know if you covered this, but did you read the quote from a supposed child where
he said, the first thing I did when I got the Wii was think about porn or something
like that?
Yeah.
Something that the website had got from their blog.
They went and looked at a blog and say, hey, one child said on their blog that the first
thing I thought about when I got the Wii was porn or it was the Wii browser.
First thing I thought about when the Wii browser was porn.
So I was curious about that since it mentioned that it was a blog.
I plugged the quote into Google just to see where it was from.
Ah, good thinking, my friend.
Where did it come from?
It's from a post on Kotaku.
On where?
Kotaku.
Really?
It was a comment to some random article.
I forget what it was.
Oh, I thought you were going to say MySpace.
That's interesting because then how would they know that it was a child because Kotaku's
commenting system doesn't tell a person their age, right?
Well, here's what's actually funny about this.
The comment immediately preceding that quote was, as a male aged 18 to 35.
And I kid you not, that's exactly what it was.
And he is quoted as a child in that article.
So they're totally stretching the facts and stuff.
Not surprising.
I'll find the web page and shove it in chat just to verify that I'm not pulling this out
of nowhere.
No, I believe you.
I believe the power of Google is an amazing thing.
But that's kind of funny.
I just thought that the fact that they just took things totally out of context is rather
interesting.
Someone needs to email WPAA and ask them to explain themselves.
Yeah, and this is almost as good as that one article a year ago about how the PSP pulls
porn out of thin air.
Oh, some folks in chat don't know what Kotaku is, so we should say it's a big gaming blog.
If you know Destructoid or even like IGN and GameSpot's news feed, it's very similar.
It's just a game blog.
You can put an RSS in your reader and get all their news and stuff.
That's what Kotaku is.
I'm sorry, what was the other thing you were saying?
I was saying it's almost as good as the article about a year ago when it said that the PSP
pulled porn out of thin air.
It made up porn.
Exactly.
Like, hey, dude, if the PS3 would pull porn out of thin air, I'd buy it.
Oh, and no Blu-ray, doesn't it?
Yeah, now we do.
It actually reminds me of the story where we had the DS.
And remember that the one TV news station did a story about child predators on the DS
in PictoChat?
That's what it reminds me of.
Too many penis drawings?
No, the fact that like, oh my gosh, your four-year-old might be playing on the Nintendo DS and a
child predator could write something sexual on it.
But what people forget is that if somebody's doing that, that person is in the room with
you.
Those DSes do not have that huge a range.
I don't know.
All right, well, anyway, that's all I had to say.
That's what was going on at E3 a couple of years ago.
Well, that's different.
That's E3.
You put all the nerds in a room and that's what's going to happen.
All right, Rob D. We appreciate the call.
Lincoln Chat, by the way.
What?
What's that?
I tossed a Lincoln Chat.
Oh, great, thank you.
We'll take a look at that.
Anyway, thanks for taking my call.
I'll see you guys later.
No problem.
Have a good one, buddy.
Thanks for the call.
Model O-L-R phone call.
Yes, it looks like, of course, since I said that, he did cut out a couple times during
the call, but that's just probably our connection.
That's all the people playing fucking World of Warcraft in the other room that's causing
that.
That's what's up.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's everyone's favorite caller, Raven's Dolphin.
Oh, Raven's Dolphin.
What can we do for you this week, buddy?
Absolutely nothing.
I just want to comment on the Wii thing and the PSP thing.
I just have to say this first.
You're becoming quite the famous little caller of Internet radio programs I'm noticing.
Yeah, I figured that.
You should start your own show.
Not that I'm discouraging you from calling into programs, but it's obvious you have a
lot to say.
If we haven't proven this fact, any schmo with a microphone can do a show, you should
think about it.
I was thinking about it.
I'm definitely thinking about it.
It's just the thing about it is money, and can I keep it going for an hour?
DJ Morpheus says, how about a show of clips of him just calling into other shows?
That's a brilliant idea.
I'm just fucking with you, Raven's Dolphin.
What's on your mind, really?
I'm sorry.
I just want to say that I watched that clip of the Wii, when they talk about the people
pouring.
The two girls that had the Wii, they took it in and I pushed pause, and they didn't
even have the Internet browser.
I didn't even have the Internet at all.
Oh, so you watched the clip on the TV site?
You watched a clip of the girls playing with the Wii, and they didn't even have the Internet
channel on it?
They didn't even have it, honest.
They went to the news channel like, look, it's a game with the porn, and I don't
even think they even have Internet.
You have to download it off the Wii, but there are so many different things you have to do.
Your quality is kind of screwing up there, buddy, but damn the media for doing that.
Somebody probably said something to someone, and they create this story around it.
That's kind of how it works.
You know, I studied broadcast journalism in college, and I'll tell you what, usually
what it is is just like, here's an idea, run with it, and make a story out of it.
So that's what happened.
Somebody told somebody, hey, did you know the Wii can get porn?
Some reporter did their job and made a compelling story out of it by fabricating a few truths
here and there.
Yeah, I just feel like TV is just failing me now.
You have to take some of the things that you hear on the news with a grain of salt, unfortunately,
especially these types of investigation stories.
It's one thing to report on a fire that's engulfed an entire neighborhood or whatever,
and it's another thing to report on these types of moral issues.
I'm hoping to get a live 365 stream soon.
It's just a matter of money.
Good luck to you, Ravenstaufen, and if you get your own show, we've got your back.
Thank you.
I have your back, too.
We know.
Have a good one, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
Later.
All right.
Oop, did I just hang up on someone else?
Okay, let's go.
Phone lines are open.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
You can always call us on Skype.
Our username is orangeloungeradio.
Does anybody have any last-minute stories real quick?
Interject here in between some calls?
Yeah, just a couple things real quick.
Mega Man Star Force is actually getting a pretty cool peripheral for the DS, and it's
some sort of card scanning system that they had for Animal Crossing and some other stuff
before, so you can actually plug that in and scan your Mega Man cards to be able to play
in the role-playing game as well, so that's kind of neat.
And then Eidos has grabbed the rights for Daffy Duck and The O.C., so we're going to
see some crappy games based on that.
The O.C.?
But The O.C. cancelled.
I don't get it.
All the perfect time to make a game.
We're getting another call real quick.
Let's go to this one.
This is a conference.
I'm a little worried about this one, but I guess we'll pick this up anyway.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, and I'm speaking to two people?
No, I don't know what you're talking about.
My Skype's being glitchy.
Okay, well, what's up, DMN?
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I'm calling to defend WarioWare.
Okay, oh yes, because I didn't give it a negative review.
I said it's fun, but like most Wariowares, I don't see the magic lasting.
Well, like most Wariowares, there you go, Rob.
It's the same thing.
I think everybody in your chat room, everybody who listens to your show, and you including
myself, I knew that this game was going to have a lot of shit, but it was going to be
three hours long of gameplay.
But it's a great party game.
It is, and I don't disagree with you there.
So what do you want to defend?
Where am I wrong in my assessment of WarioWare?
Just because you're stupid.
No.
I have to agree with that, too.
Yeah, I knew it.
I knew there was two people on the line.
Rama, you're there, too?
Never mind the fact that there's two people on the line right now, whatever, but what's
this whole defending WarioWare thing?
I can't tell you why.
Okay, Rama, you care to chime in on this whole thing?
No, because I haven't played WarioWare yet, but I can say this because of you guys, I
did buy two new games, Luminous Mobile and Cooking Mama.
Did you hear that, Rama, about Cooking Mama because of us?
He told me last night.
Oh, my gosh.
Luminous Mobile!
It's the only mobile game I think I've ever talked good about on this program, so it's
worth it.
It's a good buy.
Yeah, I'm paying like $1.99 for it a month, and I'm connected to a server, so top rankings
and stuff like that.
I'm like, eh, no big deal.
But another thing about WarioWare, going back to that, is this shows almost everything that
the Wii can do, even more so than Wii Sports did.
I could rent it and get a lot of that.
You could.
I think it's worth a buy if you have, like me, I always have people over here.
I don't know if you get that from OLR, but this place has become party central, and it's
starting to look like it, too.
There's people here all the time.
Thusly, WarioWare, Mario Party, those games are excellent buys for me.
For anybody with a large family or something, I just think for single player people, it's
going to wear thin.
Yeah, and it's a whole other show to tell you what I've seen strewn about Rob's place.
One thing I do want to agree with you on, I do think the $50 price tag for that game
is quite steep.
I think maybe if it was released at $29.99, maybe $39.99, that's kind of pushing the envelope,
but I don't think $49.99 was a good idea, and I don't agree with Nintendo on that decision.
Well, that's what it is.
Now I'm going to do something I've always wanted to do on this program, and I'm going
to hang up on two people at once.
You suck!
No!
That was fun.
And that would be Pwned, with a capital P, courtesy of Orange Lounge Radio.
One more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Well, hi, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Sure would be complete without a call from you.
I know.
God damn.
We were just wondering when you'd get through.
It's the first one of the year, though.
Well, what's up, Zaku?
You know about the whole weed debacle about the DJs going too far and not sure, basically
fucking up when they shouldn't, when they shouldn't, you know, taking diligence.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's the point?
I mean, I'm not trying to belittle your call, and your opinion is certainly important, but
God damn if I haven't talked about this issue until I've been blue in the face.
Remember, Zaku, I live here.
If you think it's water cooler top where you are, it's like ten times as much where I am,
because like everybody thinks they knew her.
Right there, it's a local, one of the local things that's happening around the back of
the woods.
And so, I mean, I could see that they're able to face involuntary manslaughter charges just
for the fact that if you heard the tapes and all the recordings that were actually saved,
you could see on their part that they're just shrugging off people that could have warned
them and they just, they show no regard.
They said that they had like, they had them sign a liability, you know, waiver.
You know, I go back to what someone in chat said earlier, it's not just the DJs.
There were ten people that went into making this contest.
The DJs just egged it on, but that's their job.
Yeah, the people basically, not only the DJs, but the people involved in, you know, organizing
the event, they face, they're going to, they'll face justice eventually.
And I think in a civil trial, the entire station is going to pay for it.
I wouldn't doubt, I got to be honest, Naku, I wouldn't doubt if that station doesn't go
through some radical changes.
I bet you anything that entire, and I'll keep you posted, but I bet you that whole station
goes down over this.
They change their name or their look or something, they're going to have to distance themselves
from this somewhere.
I mean, when it's showing up on the BBC's website that your little local radio station
threw this contest that resulted in the death of someone, that whole station's in for it.
Right, think about it.
And I'll tell you something else, Naku, it sucks.
The station sucks.
I mean, I hardly ever listen to it.
It's like Britney Spears and all that kind of crap is what they play on there.
In New York, they call it Z100.
Yeah, Z100 essentially.
Yes.
Basically, I mean, when you have that, I mean, remember what happened with Opie and Anthony
when they pulled that stunt a few years ago, they got him kicked off a terrestrial radio
for the first time?
Yeah, but having sex in a church isn't going to kill someone.
The station actually went through a lot of format shifts.
It changed formats throughout the years.
The time of the incident until now has just went through what, a second format change?
So yeah, I mean, they tried their best to distance themselves and what I see in the
future, I hope not, but I mean...
Make it quick, Zaku.
They want this topic banned in chat.
Final thought.
It might just reformat the station and that's about it.
I mean, they will face justice eventually, so, you know, one of these people will end
up paying.
Well, we'll keep you here posted on Orange Lounge Radio.
Unless this continues to have nothing to do with gaming, then we probably won't say anything
at all.
All right.
All right, have a good one, Zaku.
See you later.
See you later.
Bye.
I don't know how you guys feel about this, but my personal thought is I'm willing to
talk about this as long as it has to do with gaming.
If Nintendo is brought into the suit, then it has to do with gaming, but if it stays
the way it is, I don't really want to talk about it anymore.
We've said enough.
Nail in the coffin.
Thank you.
One more call.
Oh, damn.
It just went away.
Let me have a little call back.
Any more last minute?
Finish up that thought on the last minute story you had real quick.
Oh, yeah.
This is the one that's coming out for the Wii and other game that's being put out that's
actually going to be kind of like a, what is it, a crazy taxi but with emergency vehicles
called Emergency Mayhem that's being put out by Codemasters, also going to be on the PS2
and the PSP.
That looks kind of fun.
That's it.
That's all I got.
All right.
We got our caller again.
Let's go to the phone.
This will be the last one.
Hey, Mario.
Mario Trejo.
Who's this?
Hey, ShadowNextGen.
Hi, ShadowNextGen.
What's on your mind, my friend?
How's it going, guys?
Pretty good, you know.
It goes.
It goes.
First of all, since I haven't been able to call in for a while, I want to say I really
enjoyed your appearance on AGI.
Thank you.
We've actually been getting quite a few compliments on that.
That's something else.
You know, we like working with Scott and them.
It's fun.
Yeah.
I thought tomorrow's show should be funny if Scott shows up since his Patriots lost.
You know, I don't really follow football, but yeah, I do know he was pretty passionate
about the game tonight, so that should be interesting.
But aren't they off all week?
They have a show tomorrow, I believe, and then they're off.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, what's on your mind tonight in regards to gaming?
I was curious about  it was actually a comment, I think it was AGI made a while back.
It was either AGI or you guys, because I listened to both of you a lot.
They were worried about with the Wii's price point  this was back in October, September
 about how since Nintendo was supposed to have all of these different consoles, how
you would be able to walk into a store and find anyone with no problem, and therefore
they thought there would be a problem because people would see it as, you know, since it's
already there, you know, it wasn't really that good or it wasn't that hot of an item
type of thing.
I can't remember if we said that or  I don't think that we would have said that,
because my kind of viewpoint on it is that I think, you know, a little bit of demand
is a good thing, but this is too much.
This is too much.
This is exactly what Microsoft went through, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, no, I was just kind of curious about what your thoughts were as how people were
predicting now what happens, and now the exact opposite has happened where you cannot find
a Wii anywhere, but you can almost walk into any store and find a PS3.
Yeah.
You know, but I wonder how much  I don't have any sales stats, I don't know, but
how much of this is Nintendo making?
I mean, how has production been at the Wiis?
Been pretty low.
Yeah, because what I understand is that we all have this impression that the Wiis are
just rolling off the freaking assembly line, but I believe I heard somewhere else that
the actual amount of shipments that these places are getting are not weekly.
No, they're not weekly, and I want to say the last shipment we got was in December.
The next one we're getting is this week, and that's how long it's been.
It's been a few weeks since we've gotten anything, and it's because they're sold
out.
They're sold out of DS, they're sold out of Zelda, the GameCube Zelda.
They're just way behind in everything.
They're too damn popular.
And the thing with the PS3 being in stock is not because they're shipping a ton of
units, it's because they're not selling as many units as they're shipping.
They're just getting, you know, shipments every now and then, but they're just not
selling them.
It's not the hot item they thought it would be, or at least not yet.
Well, the system's not going to sell very well if there's only 13 games out for it,
so that's a problem.
Out of curiosity, are you a Wii or PlayStation 3 owner yourself?
A Wii and a 360.
Ah, so you're a Wii 60 camp.
Any interest in PS3?
Excuse me?
Any interest in PS3?
Maybe down the line.
It will depend on how many more exclusively Sony.
You sound just like me.
All I need to hear is basically a Final Fantasy or a Kingdom Hearts on the 360, and I might
be done with Sony.
Yeah, I know.
If Square came out tomorrow and announced Kingdom Hearts 3 for the 360, put a fork in
Sony as far as I'm concerned.
But I don't know.
Again, I say that kind of jokingly on here, but I don't know.
Let's not forget that Katamari Damacy was a very excellent, albeit third-party, exclusive
game.
I guess all these games are third-party exclusives.
They went over to Sony.
It was just an awesome game, and PS2 took a little while to build up some steam.
I didn't buy a PS2 on launch day.
I didn't buy one for a while.
I don't think I bought one until Final Fantasy X came out.
I didn't get one until the Slim Units came out was when I got my PS2.
Oh, you know what?
I had an import one for the longest time.
That's what it was.
Well, anyhow, anything else you want to share with tonight's program?
Yeah, I had another question for you guys.
I know it's probably a little late, but I was wondering if there was any particular
game or series in 2006 that you guys wanted to play but didn't get to?
Any particular series or game in 2006 that we wanted to play but didn't get to?
That you didn't have the time to get to or whatnot?
Maybe something you were looking forward to but you just didn't get to it for whatever
reason?
How about games that I didn't spend enough time with that I wanted to spend more time
with?
Trauma Center.
Yeah, well, I actually did play a lot of Trauma Center.
The Final Fantasy games, like I played 12 enough to know that I put in a pretty good
chunk of hours.
I went after the double digits and hours, but I wish I could spend more time with that
and I needed to play Final Fantasy III enough.
I never did get Cooking Mama and Jamie won't shut up about it, so I know I needed to check
that one out.
I'm trying to think what other franchises.
Not a lot coming to mind.
I have played most of the stuff I wanted to play.
Probably PC gaming and I think a lot of the stuff on PC.
You know Sam and Max, those original games?
I heard a lot of good stuff about them and even a GameTap subscriber just haven't had
the time to check those out.
I've heard a lot of good things about them, so that's on my to-do list.
So I guess that's my answer, Sam and Max.
Have any of you guys tried out the Shadow Hearts RPG series?
I've heard of it and I've heard really good things about it and I have a friend who's
playing it, but I haven't played it myself.
Is that something you think ought to be on my list?
Yeah, they're excellent games.
They have three of them out now.
I don't know how well they sell.
They sell well enough to where the sequels have been coming out, but I think it's one
of them that flies under a lot of people's radar for whatever reason.
Are those on GameCube?
PS2.
A PS2?
I am thinking of something else.
I've heard of it.
I've heard of it, too.
I haven't really played it.
I still wanted to play it, Connie.
Yeah, you guys should try to have enough time if you can.
Like I said, there are three games and they are a lot of fun, especially if you do RPGs.
They're kind of a little off the wall.
They have somewhat of a historical perspective, but then a lot of it is they spun history,
so there's fiction in it, too.
Send some info to my email.
I'll check it out.
I'll at least rent it if nothing else.
Yeah, okay.
And then once fixed on it, then I'll clear the line for you guys.
Yup.
Loki, have you heard about the Wii Play pre-orders being sold out with GameStop and EB?
Loki, have you heard about the Wii Play bundles being sold out with GameStop and EB?
Yup.
What do you think of that?
What do I think of that?
Do you know anybody else who's doing pre-orders for that?
Yeah, I know a lot of local mom and pop stores are doing pre-orders because I know we got
our allocations, and we got quite a bit of units allocated to us, so I'm surprised that
they're sold out already.
I'm hearing Wii Play's not worth it unless you need the controller.
That's what it is.
Everyone's getting in for the controller, and it's basically almost like a free game
with it.
Alright, well...
But it's $50, right?
Isn't it $49.99?
No, that's right.
I thought it was $39.99.
Is it $39?
No, that's $40.
I'm wrong.
$49.99.
Alright, well, thanks for taking my call, guys, and I'm a big fan as always.
No problem.
We appreciate the call and the game recommendation.
Have a good one, buddy.
Yeah, talk to you later.
Later.
Yup.
You know, like I said, we have day jobs and all that stuff.
We can't always get around to playing everything, but we try.
Between the three of us, we play an awful lot.
I like to play a lot of types of role-playing games, although somehow I missed that one.
Loki likes to play the shoot-and-kill-the-hooker type games, and Jamie likes to play really
weird shit.
I don't play weird shit.
No, you like to play Kingdom Hearts, that's what you like to play.
Yes, I do.
I was going to say, there's a funny website I read about today, I forgot to mention.
TheBigBoxProject.com.
It's about this guy who sent back a console, an Xbox 360 console, to Microsoft originally,
and the problem is they sent it back and it's still busted, so now between the time he sent
the first one in and the second one needs to go back, they've changed their policy and
they want him to pay to have it fixed or whatever, so he's like, okay, fine, if that's the case,
I'm going to send this in the biggest fucking box I can find.
So he's trying to pay to get one of those rail car crates, the big giant rail cars to
deliver this thing in, and it's funny because on the website if you go to it, it has a little
dialogue on here, it says, how big is your repair center?
And then their technician's like, I don't see how that pertains to the situation, sir,
because I'm going to send you my broken Xbox in the biggest damn box you've ever seen.
Will it be filled with little styrofoam pellets?
That's what I want to know.
I can only hope.
Can you imagine, somebody pokes a little hole in the box and suddenly they're under a mountain
of styrofoam pellets.
Can you wrap the Xbox in that much bubble wrap?
It should be wrapped in duct tape, solid duct tape.
That would be a better use of your money right there, is to take the box and wrap the whole
box in two feet of duct tape, two feet thick, and that would be awesome to send.
Sounds like a Daffy Duck cartoon, sorry, I'm just imagining the opening.
You wouldn't even be able to cut through it, you'd have to saw through it to get to the
Xbox.
Wow.
Of course, if I were just them, I'd just be like, return to sender, bitch.
Any last minute stories from you, Dark Sakura?
Not I.
No?
How's it going?
You've been kind of quiet tonight.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Just making sure.
Need a hug?
No, I need food.
Eat some coffee.
Well, food, sounds good.
No coffee, I have to sleep eventually.
Well, to get to the food, we have to get to our final thoughts, because we've got to wrap
this thing up.
Thank you guys so much for listening to us.
Let's go around and get the final thoughts, Loki.
My final thought is, I need to play more Resistance.
My final thought is, I'm getting my PlayStation 2 back from my friend, because I have this
urge to play Kingdom Hearts ever since I got back from Disneyland.
Damn Disneyland, damn it.
Also, do you know I subscribed to video podcasts this week that talk about Disneyland?
And yeah, that's pretty sad.
I'm turning into Jamie.
Jamie, your final thought, you need some gas X?
No.
You don't have anything else to say?
You don't have a certain phrase you say every week on the show?
Kiss my ass.
You're not going to say to reject?
Kiss my ass.
All right, fine.
I'm just checking.
Want to make sure that's the official final thought.
All right, bend over.
Thank you so much, everybody, for tuning into and downloading our podcast and supporting
independent internet radio.
You guys are awesome for doing so.
If you would be so kind to leave us a kind review on iTunes or dig our program over on
dig.com or just tell a friend is really the best thing you could do, because if you tell
a friend about our program, then that's how we stay in business, because we don't have
those marketing dollars behind us, because we're po like you.
Well, if you aren't poor, then send us money.
On that note, have a great night, and we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
