Music
Tonight, January 7th, 2007, Xbox 360 upgrade rumors abound,
Nintendo partners with an MMO developer, and prepare to waste even more time with Elder Scrolls Oblivion.
Music
Welcome back, live listeners, to a new year of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that radio program on the interweb dedicated to video games, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
You will be like us, of greatest compulsory.
One of us, one of us.
How are you, my dear?
Upgraded.
Upgraded.
I heard because you made me play DDR, you bitch.
DDR was fun today.
It was fun.
Good times.
It was fun.
Say hello as well to recently upgraded tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Now with more anger and angst.
It's great.
Sure.
Yeah, all right.
Now how you doing?
Good.
You going to Macworld?
Oh yeah, totally.
I'm there.
All right.
Welcome, by the way, if this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
I know we got some new listeners while we were off on holiday for a little while.
Thanks as well to all the sites that joined us last week for the New Year's Eve special.
And then they turned around and pimped us out on their respective sites.
We really appreciate you guys doing that.
So I know we got some new listeners from that.
So just to kind of set the stage, since it is a new year, let's do the whole spiel about what we're all about.
Again, since it is new year, 2007.
So Orange Lounge Radio, we formed in the year 2002.
And we actually all met playing DDR.
Go figure.
But you know, you remember when arcades were actually kind of cool and like a lot of people went there.
And you know, it wasn't just about the little ticket spitting games and the place was riddled with children.
When arcades were cool, Dark Soccer, myself and Loki all met up.
And we just decided, you know, because Dark Soccer and I had kind of known each other a little bit before that.
We were doing another radio program under station live.
And we thought, hey, let's do a show about video games.
Okay. And then, you know, Loki joined us for that.
And here we are almost five years later, still doing it.
So the show started about music video games.
So sometimes you hear Orange Lounge Radio, the Bobani radio station, which, you know, we still love our music based games.
But we like to think that we are gaming fans first.
We just love video games in general.
So that's what the show is all about now.
So the show we try to present to you guys here every week is that we go over the news.
And yeah, you know, we only do a show once a week.
We only do a show once a week.
So you're not always going to get the latest and greatest here.
We do have the fortunate luck of having Loki working in the industry in an area that most media doesn't think to look in, which is distribution.
So sometimes we get some pretty good exclusives that way.
But otherwise, you know, we're kind of like we imagine one thing we used to do when we were at the arcades is that, you know, remember when we did like the Wednesday night, we'd get together, play DDR.
And then what do we do afterwards?
We went to Brookfield's and just, you know, talk.
Pinned out?
Yeah, well, we ate a lot and then we nerded out talking about stuff.
So that's kind of what we are.
We're the folks sitting around the dinner table at, you know, your local diner talking about games and talking smack when appropriate and talking about good things.
And we like to invite guests to our table once in a while from the gaming industry, hoping to have some good names on in 2007.
And we like to invite all of you.
We like to fill up the restaurant with our listeners.
We know that the majority of our listeners catch us on the audio blog, also known as podcast, which is released every Monday and Wednesday.
But we also have our live listeners.
We tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time on Orange Lounge Radio, orangeloungeradio.com.
We have a 24-hour-a-day, seven-day-a-week station.
We're not the only show on it.
In fact, every weeknight but Monday, you can hear some type of nerd program on the station.
Tuesday nights, at least for right now, just the first Tuesday of every month.
But we're hoping to have something to fill in the gaps in the interim.
We have pump up the volume and then something unannounced that will be filling in the gaps on Tuesday in the interim.
And then Wednesday nights, we have Guys on a Show, which is kind of like pop culture, geek culture stuff.
Thursday nights, STFU, which is really fast-paced game talk.
It's more like a sports show.
Friday nights, we have Club OLR, which is just strictly music.
And by the way, if you missed this week's Club OLR, you did a fantastic job mixing music this week, Loki.
I'm not just saying that.
It was awesome.
I loved it.
I thought it was great.
Would you do a rip-off of something else?
No, no.
I didn't rip anything off.
I thought you did a great job.
Maybe you hurried through it or something.
A little bit of trivia for those folks out there.
Live Wire from the first episode was actually the second episode I did.
And then I flipped them.
I see.
Because I liked one of them better than the other one.
Oh, I liked it.
That was good.
So, Saturday nights, Travis Donovan Live, geek sci-fi gaming 360.
You know, whatever's on his mind, trying to bring a little dose of reality to you kids.
And of course, Sunday nights, we're here.
All right, enough plugs for the side projects.
We want to welcome all of our new and old listeners.
Those have been with us for so many years.
And those that are just joining us, new this week.
We had some noobs in chat tonight.
So, we want to say hi to the noobs.
I think I saw NZ Gamer said he was a noob.
Hi, noob.
And somebody else said they were a noob, too.
We had PH Alfan was a noob.
Hi, noob.
Welcome.
So, and okay, let's get into how we like to start off every show.
A little bit of how was your gaming week?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
What have you been playing?
You made me play DDR.
I did.
It was fun.
Yeah, it was.
I played also some BeatMania 3, was it the sixth, I think?
Yeah, sixth mix.
Played some Cooking Mama.
Played some Pinball.
We got our Who Done It back, which is now Trading Potter.
And I joined Guild Wars this week.
I didn't really care for it the last time I tried it, but I gave it a go this time around.
It was more fun.
I don't know if I'm going to stick with it, but I figure at the very least, if I pay the
money for it, I can just play it whenever I want and don't have to worry about anything,
so I'm thinking about it.
I've been playing with my friend Heather.
It's pretty cool.
All right.
More Cooking Mama, huh?
Have you beat Cooking Mama yet?
No.
I came this close to buying Cooking Mama, but I'm holding out for the Wii version.
Yeah, I'm both.
Well, but the thing was-
Completion!
I think Trauma Center was that much better on the Wii because I kind of just didn't get
around to playing the DS version.
It was so awesome when I played it on the Wii, so I'm kind of holding off for my Mama
until the Wii version.
Don't worry.
I'll be showing Mama some love.
Don't worry.
And to make a rebuttal to Holy Shonen, I think you're wrong.
What did Holy Shonen say?
World of Warcraft is better than Guild Wars.
World of Warcraft is just more annoying than Guild Wars.
You know, it just kind of depends.
I don't know.
They're almost exactly the same game.
I don't see what the point is.
I don't care.
You don't-
I'm going to be playing them both.
I understand because Guild Wars, you kind of level up to 20 and pretty much the entire
game is end game, but World of Warcraft has a little more in the interim because you know
you're going all the way to 60.
There's a lot more to do in the interim.
I guess if you're addicted to leveling, that's fine, but I think that Guild Wars takes a
little bit more skill to play.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They're just very similar in game structure to me.
I don't know.
I don't really prefer one to the other.
I like the fact that Guild Wars I can go to whenever I want for free, like once I've bought
it, but you know that the game still has not dropped in price.
If you want to get the old school Guild Wars, you have to pay the full 50 bucks for it,
which is interesting.
Yeah, but keep in mind, say you're paying, what is it, $9.99 a month for-
Wow?
For World of Warcraft, right?
Isn't it like $12 or $14.95?
I can't even remember.
Yeah, it's more like $12, but just-
I think Final Fantasy is $12.95 and WoW is like $14.
I can't remember.
Something like that.
Anyway, you're going to end up paying more in a year for World of Warcraft than you are
going to pay for Guild Wars.
I did feel like the WoW universe was way more expansive, though.
There was a lot more to see in WoW.
But the fundamental difference between the two, here's the fundamental difference between
the two.
In Guild Wars, the entire game is what you would call an instance in WoW.
That's alluring to some people, the fact that they play with exactly who they want
and that's it.
You know what I mean?
It's like when you go out into the world, it's your world with your friends, and that's
either the upside to Guild Wars or it's the downside.
If you like to meet new people, then Guild Wars may not be the better name.
Well, that's why you have their talent.
So you meet people there.
Well, anyway, before we get into further argument, you know what?
Just play Final Fantasy XI.
Then you just wait all day for a party and never get anything done.
Oh, and I have to also tell GS68 that Ghost Squad is freaking fun as hell.
What are you talking about?
What?
GS68.
I was talking about Ghost Squad.
It's a gun game in the arcades.
That game is freaking hot.
I love that game.
I haven't played a good gun game in a while.
I haven't played it in ages, but Dan and I went and we just freaking played through
every mission and it was great.
Every time I want to play Time Crisis 4, somebody's on it.
Oh well.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
Full of lots of stuff.
I got a PlayStation 3, and so I played lots of Resistance, and that game is far better
than Gears of War.
I love that game.
It's very pretty.
Looking at Resistance makes you question, hey, maybe the PlayStation 3 actually does
look better than the 360, and it really looks good.
In fact, I found myself literally, between gunfights, standing there going, wow, this
looks really good.
What a fucking change for the year 2007 on this program.
You are gushing about Sony tonight.
What the hell?
No, no, no.
Hold on, hold on.
Is he drinking?
Resistance is good, okay?
Now...
Didn't I tell you?
That game is hot.
It's awesome.
That's it.
But here's the problem, though.
That is it.
Unfortunately, that's all that's out there.
I mean...
Whoa, back up.
You got a PS3?
Yeah, I got a PS3.
So I'm the only OLR host without a PS3?
Well, I got mine.
I got hooked up, okay, for the PlayStation 3.
Hey, hey.
I'm the only one without the cool new toys.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, Ron.
What?
Hi.
You're just not part of the PS Wii 60 club, so whatever.
I heart my Wii 60.
Screw you.
Anyway, so, no, seriously, though.
It's fun.
It really is fun, and I like it so much better than Gears of War.
And the fact there's so many different difficulties you can play it on, so if you really aren't
all hardcore into it and stuff, you can have a good time with it.
So it's very good.
I like it.
Um, Ridge Racer 7.
Yes, I bought Ridge Racer 7 because Nelly actually wanted to play it.
You know, and to be honest, I've played it, and it's exactly the same as Ridge Racer 6.
It pretty much is.
Well, now, you said earlier, though, that you felt Resistance was better than anything
you'd see on the 360.
So, because Ridge Racer 7 and 6 are so similar, did you think that, graphically, the PlayStation
3 one was superior?
No.
Because I remember a while back, no.
Both were comparing the two and saying the 360 version looked better.
I shouldn't say the 360 version, but you know what I mean.
Honestly, I couldn't pick up the differences.
The only difference I saw was when you hit your Nitro, instead of the screen kind of
turning white on the edges, it did this weird blur thing.
But that's about it.
So, I do like Ridge Racer 7 and how they have different ways you can customize your cars
and stuff.
That's kind of cool.
So, yeah.
Full Auto 2 was another one I picked up on that as well.
I mean, I was a huge fan of Full Auto 1.
Which is sold back this week.
And, Full Auto 2 is, it's okay.
It's just like the first game.
I didn't really notice any differences.
I mean, the graphics look a little different, but it's pretty much the first game all over
again.
So, that's kind of cool.
Let's do some chat room comments, because the chat room is on fire tonight.
We've got a lot of new people in chat, and I think they've got three weeks of comments
just penting up here.
Mike W. says, Rob was also the only OLR host without a 360 for a while.
That's true.
I didn't get a 360 until March.
To be honest, though.
You eBayed it, or Craigslisted it or something and paid way too much for one, and she got
the hookup because Dan was looking at it.
To be honest, though, I wouldn't have bought a PS3 if I hadn't, you know.
Yeah, you got a hookup.
I know.
You got a...
Do you have to put out for that?
No.
Oh, that's good.
Let's see.
What else do we have here?
We have...
Jeremy Todd 1 says, Loki, I don't care what you say.
Nellie is a gamer now.
Nellie, of course, being Loki's wife.
She's now reading.
She's reading a new Harry Potter.
Rama says, hey Rob, you're not missing anything with the Doorstop 3.
You know, there really isn't anything...
I actually...
What I would want most out of it right now is the Blu-ray player, and fucking Tekken
Dark Resurrection.
That looks pretty badass.
I haven't downloaded that, because it's in another country, and I don't like fighting
games that much, so it's not a big deal for me.
But I tried Grip Shift, and that blows ass, and I would not recommend it at all.
Motorstorm is fucking awesome.
I love the demo for Motorstorm.
I did not like Motorstorm at all.
Oh, I love Motorstorm.
You didn't think it was slow?
I thought it was slow.
No, it's good.
It's good.
I like it.
Is it just maybe the target?
I don't know.
Jaden says, next week, Loki takes back everything he said about Max, because he received a Mac
and gloats about it.
Could this be the year of change for Loki?
No, listen, if I got a free Mac, I would be selling that shit back.
I'd actually probably smash it with a hammer, or give it to Nellie.
She'd probably want it.
But no, other than...
Mac fans, don't turn us off, because I heart Max, and so does Jamie.
He's just crazy.
I just don't like them.
I'm sure we're building a PC.
And I don't know if anyone's seen the new pictures of the new VAIO, but my god, Sony's
copying Apple now.
That's pretty bad.
Anyways, so back in the games, real quick.
So yeah, I played that Gran Turismo HD.
It actually looks better than the one at E3, but not by much.
So thank god it's free, because I sure as hell wouldn't buy that piece of shit.
I don't like Gran Turismo, so that's just me.
It looks pretty, I guess, but I don't know.
It seems to me, and this is what I've noticed with a lot of the games on there, seems to
be a lot of these racing games, because that's mainly what I've been playing, have the kind
of okay foreground stuff, and they have this really high-res background image that's kind
of plastered on there.
I don't know if you've noticed that in some of the pictures of Gran Turismo HD and Motor
Storm and stuff.
It's kind of simple than this big high-res thing that looks really pretty, and people
are thinking that it's rendered, but it's not.
Is that it for your gaming week?
Call of Duty 3 multiplayer on the 360 was awesome.
I love that game, but I think I'm going to play Resistance instead, and of course, Grand
Theft Auto Vices.
Have you played Resistance online?
I haven't played it online yet.
I'm looking forward to doing that, but I've been too busy playing the story mode in it,
and I love the story mode.
Even with no achievements to unlock, this is amazing to me.
The thing that's kind of cool about those, they sort of have an achievement system for
that one game.
You unlock these skill points, they call them, and it actually unlocks different things like
costumes and stuff.
So like in Excite Truck and Burnout, you get trophies.
Yeah, something like that, but what's kind of neat though is when you play through the
whole game, it unlocks more weapons, and you can go back and play through again, and then
you can unlock harder difficulties and stuff, and you get more skins for multiplayer.
But I do want to try out 40 player multiplayer online with that.
I think that'd be crazy.
Alright, is that it for your gaming week?
That is it.
Oh, and by the way, just real quick, real quick, Playstation 3, their download thing,
okay, fucking sucks, balls, okay?
The fact that it takes like an hour to download something, and you can't do anything while
it's downloading, that fucking sucks, and they need to fix that, okay, now I'm done.
Quick comment on the Playstation 3 from Jared Joe in chat, I love the potential of my PS3
so far, I can't wait for it to unleash itself, I have Resistance and Marvel Ultimate Alliance,
and both of those games are fantastic.
I had Genji, notice I said I had Genji, so, couldn't stand the enemy crabs, I'm sure.
I have the demo, but I haven't played it yet.
Alright, my gaming week, okay, when I sat down a couple weeks ago to think about my
top ten games of 2006, I came to the realization that Oblivion really was probably, I think,
the second best game of 2006, I did name Zelda Twilight Princess number one, but I really
thought Oblivion was number two, but then I realized, like, I hadn't really fully immersed
myself into Oblivion, I'm not sure why, like I played it, and I kind of did the whole sandbox
thing, but I just kind of always fucked around in that game, I never really sat down and
played the story, oh my god, I have wasted so much time on Oblivion this week, it's not
even funny, like, I allowed myself to totally get immersed in it, and just, oh my heck,
I think I'm like six months late from everybody else, but I can't stop playing it, it's crazy.
I haven't sold mine back yet, but that's because I like going in every now and then, punching
animals, that's just me.
It's fun to just sign on once in a while, and I say sign on because the game to me,
it really feels like an MMO, just with the people acting like real people, it's crazy,
it's so weird, it would be really interesting if Bethesda made an Elder Scrolls MMO, that
would be craziness, I don't know, it would be very interesting.
Anyway, so Oblivion, hours and hours sucked into that game this week, because I'm just
a late bloomer in that regard, but I played Halo 2 of all things, some of my college buddies,
way back in the day, like when we were all at college, I was off at Chico and they were
at Sonoma State, we used to sign online and play Quake over the modem every week, once
a week we played Quake, and we decided to try and bring that back a little bit and be
in touch, because now we live all over, my buddy Garret is in town, but Bill's off in
New York City, and Matt's all traveling around the world, so we kind of tried to connect
through Xbox Live, so we played Halo this week.
But what's really funny, well Halo 2, we were playing Halo 2 online, we all suck at it,
but that's the fun part of it, when you're playing against other people who suck at Halo,
it's pretty fun.
But what's really funny about what happened during it is that we left it on so that anybody
from our friends list could join the game, and somebody that joined the game was gamer
Andy, because he has his site, gamerandy.com, and he was signing on to say, I'm sorry, because
he got an invite to the New Year's show, but just scheduling conflicts, he wasn't able
to make it on, so he was coming on to say, sorry, I couldn't make it, we'll have to make
up, and we'll definitely have him on the show some other time, because he's a really cool
guy, but oh my god, he kicked all our asses horribly at Halo, he's like, oh, I'm not any
good, he's very humble, he's like, I haven't played in a year and a half, I suck at Halo,
and he just wiped all of us.
My friend Matt's pretty good, so he was giving him some competition, but we, oh god.
I really need to buy Halo 2, because, you know, I have, I think it was fun when I played,
you know, briefly, a long time ago, but I really, I'm not that great at first person
shooters sometimes, I mean, when we're playing Call of Duty 3, all we played out is rocket
launchers, sniper rifles.
Yeah, that's actually what we were playing was the rockets, and that game was kind of
fun, because that's easy to kill someone in rockets, so.
Yeah, but, yeah, just rockets and just sniper rifles.
Can we form a clan for, like, I suck at Halo, I mean, I realize we have the OL Army, but
I, there's actually good players in the OL Army, we have some people that are, like,
level 21, can we get, like, level 1 for life, Joe?
Dude, I suck completely, I suck ass at Halo, so.
When Halo 3 comes out, I'm scared, I'm seriously scared.
We'll just play, because I'll buy Halo 3.
Okay, there you go.
I'm getting a legendary edition, so I have a helmet at my desk, but that's about it.
And then otherwise, I haven't been playing a lot, I mean, the arcade, of course, DDR
and stuff, but otherwise, I got, oh, I got 200 of 200 achievement points in New Rally
X, thank you very much.
Which is sadly the first arcade game I've gotten all the achievement points on, and
I'm the only one on my friends list that has played the damn game, and I know that because
I'm the only one with a high score on the list, and I have, like, 70-something friends
on Xbox Live and not a damn other person's played the game except me.
But you know what, the only reason I bought it, I remember from my childhood, okay, so
don't hate.
I remember Rally X in the good old days.
Now that you're an old man.
I know.
All right, let's get into some housekeeping for tonight real quick, since we're done with
our gaming week.
DMN over from STFU, our Thursday night program on Orange Launch Radio, wanted me to mention,
they're going to have the dude from VG Cats on this week.
Lucky bastard.
How are they?
Their show's like five weeks old, and they're already landing these people.
We've been around for five fucking years, and people are like, who are you?
Why should I come on your program?
What's Orange Lounge have to do with video games?
So I say STFU to all of you.
Don't forget all our other live programming on Orange Lounge Radio again, and of course
we wanted to say, take a moment to thank, again, all of our New Year's Eve people we
had on this week.
We hope to incorporate guests, not just from the gaming industry, but other gaming podcasts
and people you see out there in the gaming media.
We're trying to think of ways to incorporate that on into 2007, because the New Year's
episodes seem to be really well received, and you guys seem to dig that, so definitely
we'll do stuff more like that in the future.
It was cool.
Good times.
All right, how about some gaming news?
Let's talk some smack about some gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
Well, apparently there's a small little convention going on called CES, Consumer Electronics
Show, that I completely forgot about, and I was like, oh yeah, CES is going on.
Anyways, so I'm kind of, you know, starting that all off, there's been some rumors coming
out about a brand new version of the Xbox 360, now with HDMI, codenamed the Zephyr,
and apparently there's been shots floating around from Engadget.
I know there was some video on there from Xbox scene, so definitely something that's
probably going to be out there at some point, although a lot of people are bitching, saying,
oh, what about the early adopters?
You screwed all them, but you know, I'm just like, I don't need HDMI.
Whatever.
My TV doesn't have HDMI.
What, Nintendo does this shit all the time?
No one seems to mind.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, seriously, I mean, you know, with the DS Lite, I mean, sure, my panties were
ruffled a little bit at the fact that, you know, the DS Lite comes out not even like
a year after the DS is already on shelves and I bought the first printing of the DS,
but what can you do?
I mean, this thing is inevitable.
Yeah, really, I mean, for me, it's not a big deal.
I mean, I guess later on down the line, if I really had an issue with this, I can just,
I guess, buy another one or something, but I don't know, my TV doesn't have HDMI, so
it's no good for me.
I think my TV does, but, you know, I go back and I think about how long I was like, I have
to get a component cable for the Wii, I have to get a component cable, I have to have like
the best video ever, and then it really wasn't that big a difference.
So I think like, is it really going to be a deal breaker that I can't, I don't get HDMI
right away?
I mean, chances are my 360 will break eventually anyway and I have to get a new one, so I'll
just wait for that inevitability.
Exactly, and a lot of people are saying also that the new 360 is going to, and I don't
even know where they're pulling this info from, I mean, because I believe the HDMI part
because we've seen pictures of it, but they're saying, oh, it's going to have a 120 gig hard
drive and all this stuff, and the, you know, it's going to have the, you know, 65 nanometer
chip sets in there and stuff.
You know, really, the 120 gig hard drive will be something that they add on later.
I mean, that's something that they'll have, you know, the offer that you can buy.
It's not going to be probably included with this.
I mean, I don't know.
To be honest, all I think they're going to do is add this HDMI port.
It's not going to be a brand new model of the 360, it's just going to be, now the 360s
are coming out with HDMI ports on them.
That is it.
And they'll have the, you know, cooler processor in there, so, you know, lower the cost of
the system, but I don't think they're going to do anything above and beyond this.
The O, they could prove me wrong because I know there is one thing actually that's coming
out of CS that they're talking about using the 360 as an ITV box, so that's going to
be some stuff that's going to come out this week.
Or they're talking about to be able to use it to watch web TV, so that's interesting.
But I don't know, it's just, I don't think they're really going to try to do anything
different.
And also the other rumor was HD DVD drive built in, which I don't, that's not going
to happen.
I don't know, it's not a huge deal, I think, for me.
And all those people that are really HDMI was important or something, buy a new system.
Know your old one off, people will buy it, just buy a new system, I mean, just quit your
bitching.
Comments from our chat room, DDR Dollar Bill says, HDMI, don't care.
Let's see, we have, I believe it was Paradox Vincent said, DS Fat sucks.
And NM64 says, DS Lite is only worth it if you need a new DS or never had one.
So some conflicting opinions there.
I think the fat is fine.
Did you know the DS fat is actually louder than the DS Lite, which is good for games
like Elite Beat Agents and stuff when you need to drown other people out?
But I do think overall I kind of prefer the Lite, and I'll probably get one eventually.
But knowing Nintendo, there'll be some new color or some new redo they're going to do
before the span of the DS Lite, or the DS in general, is over.
So I'm waiting for that.
Just like when the Game Boy Advance came out.
I had the Game Boy Advance, the original one, and then they did the SP, and you know, fuck
that shit.
I am not buying another system all over again.
Nintendo has done this with almost every single one of their consoles, I think.
Remember the Nintendo?
They did the top-loading one that looked like the Famicom later on, and then with, well
I guess not really the Nintendo 64 or the Super Nintendo, but the 64 they had a rumble
later on, and then you could add the RAM pack later on.
Oh, and they had the Pokemon 64.
Yeah, exactly.
The Pokemon 64.
They always try to pull this shit.
With the little cheek slide up when you turn it on too.
And don't think that they don't know that later on, you know, people are going to buy
an extra DS because it's in a specific color.
I mean, come on, it doesn't, it's not that hard to manufacture the DS in a different
color.
Ooh, ooh, I just thought though, Microsoft does that too.
They've done it before.
You know what kind of Xbox I have?
I don't have them.
Yeah.
I don't have the same Xbox most people have.
I have a Halo Xbox.
That's the see-through green.
I have a Halo Xbox.
That's the see-through green.
Yeah, but most people don't have that though.
Most people have the big black brick, right?
My big black brick died.
Microsoft is not beyond redesigning their consoles.
Exactly.
Don't you think there will be a Halo 3 limited edition console, or do you think there will
just be a faceplate?
They can get it too, back with the Sega support streamcast.
I think the faceplates are what they're doing now.
That's a big thing, but I wouldn't be surprised if we see a black console later, you know.
I think that's something that's very possible.
I don't know.
We all know the Wii colors are coming.
It's just a matter of time.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Those are coming.
Same with the PlayStation 3 colors.
You're going to see those as well.
I mean, come on.
It's just, this is not, I mean, look at the PlayStation 2.
They have silver, pink, I mean, come on.
It's just, everybody does it.
Because I need something to match my cabinet that I got at IKEA.
Like, oh my God, I got to totally get a pink one for my girlfriend because she's going
to totally appreciate it.
And when you give it to her, she's like, wow, this is so pretty.
What the fuck am I going to play on it?
You know why they keep doing this, you guys?
It's because people are retarded and they will buy this shit.
They will buy a blue DS when it comes out because it's blue.
They'll buy a pink DS when it comes out because it's pink.
Because people are retarded and they don't understand there's websites out there that
make custom colored DS's that you can order brand new in any fucking color of the rainbow
that you want instead of having to wait for Nintendo to put it out.
You know, there's a conversation going on in chat right now that has me thinking a little
bit.
Do you think, do you think the black Wii will be a little bit bigger than the white Wii?
Yeah, and the yellow Wii is going to be super tiny.
Yeah, okay.
You can address those cards and letters to lowkey at orangelawnsradio.com.
Hey, you started it, okay.
Let's just move right along to talking about Halo 3.
Of course, we were talking about that a little bit.
And the beta testing, right?
You had everybody slam that site, try to get into the beta test.
And you'll find out this month if you got into the beta test.
But if you didn't get in that way, there is the rule of three.
And I don't know why else you would call it that unless you want people to say the rule
of three, the mysterious rule of three to get into the Halo 3 beta test.
What's going to happen is that if you play three hours worth of Halo 2 multiplayer between
Thursday the 1st of February and February 3rd, 2007, if you're among one of the first
13,333 to register at Halo3.com right after that, then you will be part of the Halo 3
beta.
The other way to get into it?
Buy Crackdown.
I just buy Crackdown.
I have to be honest, I'm kind of not caring anymore.
Like I know I should think this Halo 3 beta is a big deal and OMG I can be the first on
my block to play it.
But now I'm to the point where I'm like, you know what, I'll just play the damn thing.
It's going to be buggy, people are going to bitch, I'll just wait for it to...
It was cool when it was like a beta thing and you didn't know how many people were going
to get into it and you thought, oh hey, this is going to be only a couple thousand.
That's kind of cool, you're like in the cool club now.
Now where it's, oh anyone that buys this game will get into the beta, oh and this is another
way to get into the beta.
Why the fuck is a beta test like fucking incentive to buy something or do something?
You're beta testing something and you don't realize that's actually work.
You're working, I mean you're playing a game to find bugs, that's not exactly fun.
Just wait, people, it's only a few more months away, shit.
I don't know, I'm kind of over it, I'll play it when I play it.
I don't have to be the first kid on the block to do it.
Somebody in chat, who said this, said that it would probably fill up within five hours.
Mike W. says that he predicts right here and now that the beta will fill up in five hours.
I give it three.
People will be on their consoles one minute after, play the three hours back to back to
back and then be on Halo 3 immediately.
There will be 13,333 people to do that.
So I don't know why Microsoft bothered to make such a big window, seriously.
I'm just going to buy Crackdown and play Crackdown.
I'm telling you right now, if you want to get in that way, if you're not on there at
midnight ready to play until 3am, forget it, write it off, you're not getting in.
I'm sorry, you know that's how it's going to work.
You know it.
There's some people who got to play it anyway.
Oh, oh really?
Yep.
Oh really?
Yep.
Who?
Let's beat them up, take their lunch money.
I think they could actually beat anyone of us.
Oh really?
Bungie actually flew over copies of the beta to the troops overseas.
Oh yeah, they probably could keep my SCM.
Yeah.
Nevermind.
Hearts.
And basically let them have the free demo for Christmas, give it a try and I think that's
pretty cool.
That's kind of neat.
That's something kind of different and I think a very interesting way and I bet you a lot
of our troops are kind of into Halo 2 and 3 and all that stuff so I think that's kind
of cool.
And it's a good way I think to relieve some of the stress of having to be there.
I think it was a really good thing.
Yeah.
That's neat.
Yeah.
Good job Bungie.
Anyways, so more stuff for the 360.
You know how they always have themes and stuff on Xbox Live and you know they're so wonderful
how they don't show you what they look like before you buy them.
Well thankfully there is a website now that will show you what they look like called DashboardThemes.com
and you can go there before you buy a theme and check out what it looks like and possibly
save your Xbox Live points.
Unfortunately I would just save your Xbox Live points or the other thing you can do
if you have a memory unit just go to your local game store or whatever that has an Xbox
360 kiosk and download some of that shit for free because lots of it you pay for online
you can download for free from there.
Although from what I remember reading on this site the people were putting it together with
their own money.
So you know they do deserve some type of you know medallion or recognition from the community
for putting together that public service because for whatever reason Microsoft isn't on top
of it with their previews.
I mean you can preview some stuff on Xbox.com to be fair but they're not very current and
these guys you know they have it the day it comes out.
So I think they deserve a round of applause from the gaming community.
Yay.
Alright.
Well, other surprises that you might find.
What's interesting is that this 14 year old boy who lives in Utah claims that he purchased
a factory sealed copy of Madden 07 for the Xbox 360 and he put the disc in his system
and up came not John Madden but hardcore pornography.
That's a roster update.
The boy immediately notified his parents and they're backing up the claim and said this
is legit.
Now Electronic Arts was contacted and they're working with the store that the game was bought
from to see if maybe something funny went on here like maybe a disgruntled employee
put some porn in there you know because how easy would it be to print out a Madden label
like on your computer and then take a porn disc and like put it on there.
It's a little harder because those are actually you know silkscreened onto the discs so.
Yeah but if you're 14 and you don't know to look for that kind of stuff I mean don't you
think someone could get away with that?
You'd have to be pretty retarded although he does look pretty retarded.
You're nice.
You would have to be pretty retarded if you're a 14 year old boy and you get porn and go
tell your parents.
What problem did I know I got porn?
Fuck that shit.
You're hoarding that shit.
You are putting that in the safest spot.
That's like someone giving you diamonds you're like fuck that shit I'm going to hide this
shit and no one.
I'm playing Madden.
Go away!
Keep the door shut I'm playing Madden.
Inviting all your friends over to play Madden.
Building a shrine to the Madden disc in your bedroom.
That's beautiful.
Carol dude you're going to see the coolest copy of Madden you've ever seen.
EA would quote regrets any embarrassment the matter has caused the family.
That's a way to learn a lesson early.
By the way one other quote that's so great here.
According to a paper in Utah the standard examiner when Mahoney looked at the pornographic
images his first thought was quote this is definitely not Madden.
No it's NHL 2000 on Dreamcast.
This looks more like Blitz League what the fuck.
Listen up 2K if you want to win this war going on in the football world here's how to do
it.
More porn.
Listen you don't need that's what they need to do NFL xxx just like BMX xxx except it
doesn't have any NFL in it it's more porn.
Okay very interesting Jeremy Todd one says Loki wouldn't you rather sue the game company
and get millions rather than keep some porn you can find for free.
You're 14 your parents are going to get that money fuck that shit keep the porn.
Ravens Dolphin one said I found porn on my PSP memory card from EB I told nobody.
Yeah was it a used game or a new one?
It's a used game oh that game that was a new factory sealed game.
That's fun.
Fireboma says he notified his parents quote under long review this is porn quote hold
on we have to go review got to go to the bathroom.
Well speaking of something that has nothing to do with porn okay it might have been but
that's not official.
Guess who's leaving rare for more porn I mean for for not porn.
The Pinatas.
The Stamper brothers are leaving leaving rare.
Wait didn't they like found it or something yep they were one of the well I guess two
of the main folks behind rare and now they're gone by that they've gone to a quote pursue
other opportunities.
They're like they're all fuck this shit we make no more fucking pinata games fuck this
we want killer instinct.
Well wait wait a damn minute though Viva Pinata was the best thing rares put out in a while
sadly they did put out didn't they.
We promise just make a pinata game and we'll let you make killer instinct.
What I want to know is what if Viva Pinata was not that bad I mean it's actually quite
good it's a pleasant surprise of a game so don't knock it till you've tried it it's pretty
fun game.
I had way more fun with Viva Pinata than cameo and perfect dark zero combined end of story
end of story.
Okay well perfect dark zero is like bald.
So if that's what yeah I know and I'm like if that's why they left was over Viva Pinata
then bye don't let the door hit your ass on the way out but you know I what I want to
know was did they leave this voluntary or is this one of those nice ways of saying they
were asked to leave because the community was not too receptive to some of the recent
games and I don't believe Viva Pinata is performing very well I don't think it's reaching the
target audience they want I mean critically it's doing well but that doesn't always translate
to money you know what I mean.
There's actually an interview but I have to look a little bit more further into that but
I think it's willing.
Interesting do you think they'll start a rival company?
I hope so.
They should make one called uncommon.
Wonder Dog Harold says they're just taking the money and running.
DJ Morpheus says thanks to Viva I can't play my 360 right now and I think that's because
I've seen his woman on there playing Viva Pinata non-stop because she's on my friends
list and I could be looking at my Xbox friends list at one in the afternoon and look who's
online playing Viva Pinata.
You know what would be hilarious is if you smacked that woman enough times that she like
locked up your system for like an hour or something like that.
What?
No I said that'd be funny if it happened you know in the game where you smack her.
Oh I thought you meant Travis's woman I was like that's not nice.
Oh you mean the woman in the game?
Yeah in the game.
No okay yeah yeah.
No don't you weren't you there when I played that game the first time and I whacked her
with a shovel and she's like you don't want to do that again and so of course what I do
I whacked her in the face with a shovel again and she took my shovel away and I was fucked
I had to reset the game.
You fucking walk up behind her with a brick and smack her in the back of the head.
Rama says Sky the Viva Pinata cartoon isn't doing too well either.
The cartoon sucks ass I hate that thing.
Anyways so one thing that doesn't suck ass is katamari although what does suck ass is
that the fact that it's not coming to Xbox Live Arcade apparently that was a rumor that
was going around but of course defused by the worldwide Xbox Live Arcade games portfolio
manager Ross Erickson who basically said that the rumor is total crap and is not happening.
So yeah no katamari but I'm sure we'll see katamari come to the 360 some point.
You think?
I think so.
Really?
I don't know yet about what the future has in store for katamari to tell.
There's going to be more katamari games they registered trademarks already for them so
unless they're going to do some fucking katamari cartoon which would be even more cool.
We also have some other interesting rumors going around because the katamari thing started
as a rumor.
Well now they're saying that radiant silver gun 3 there was a report earlier this week
that radiant silver gun 3 was going to be on the Xbox 360.
Also knights is going to be coming to the Wii that would be very interesting knights
coming to the Wii.
Knights on the Wii would be fun.
Of course the radiant silver gun 3 did get basically confirmed not to be happening.
Yep unfortunately there was a follow up a little later in the week where treasure was
giving an interview about what's going on and unfortunately they denied the existence
of radiant silver gun 3.
Go cry a little more about that.
I would like to see radiant silver gun 3.
That's a good shooter.
Knights sounds pretty hot though.
At least we still have ikoruga that we can play if we want to get our fix.
Maybe we can get some virtual console games some old school shooters.
I don't know wishful thinking.
I'm still hunting down radiant silver gun for the Saturn.
Well if you want there's that one game radio allergy which is coming to gamecube and that
one is supposed to be a really good shooter kind of like ikoruga that was coming out this
month but now it's coming out in April I think.
I'm still thinking about getting that dreamcast one that's coming out.
Is it new hope or something?
My dreamcast is in a box sadly.
We used to have ours in an xbox kiosk one of those little demo stations we used to have
our dreamcast sitting in one.
What ever happened to your demo station you had?
How much does those things sell for?
I have no idea what we got for it.
Really what how much lucky?
They're like $500 and not more.
Were you looking at that on ebay or something?
I was for a customer they wanted to bring.
You know those things are so hard to get like for even like microsoft for example in order
to get a kiosk into your store you have to be buying lots of microsoft product and then
you get the privilege of buying one from them for like a couple grand it's like thank you
for giving me the privilege to buy one from you you fucking douche when I'm trying to
push your product you know and you just don't want to give me a kiosk or sell me a kiosk
I don't understand it but whatever.
We do have some news about a new MMO Battlestar Galactica.
It had been reported that it was going to be on Xbox 360 exclusively but Vivendi said
uh uh no they said that they actually have not announced a Battlestar Galactica game
and they cannot comment any more on it so I guess we don't know.
So it's kind of one of those things where it's like it's happening but we're not going
to tell you anything else.
Well they're saying that they might do it there's a rumor at least that there's going
to be a smaller one either for PC or something on Xbox Live Arcade but.
I mean like PC is MMO home though it'll be a little silly to not put it out on the PC
especially you know when the Xbox 360 is a PC according to you know something I read
just before we went live tonight you know according to what Bill Gates the Xbox 360
is a PC so it doesn't seem logical to put out Battlestar Galactica only on the 360 when
you know there's still the PC market to tap into unless they've signed something with
Microsoft and blood you know that there it's an exclusive thing.
Anywho, so we got some street dates for you guys and of course like every week we like
to bring you some exclusive stuff that you may not have heard.
This week I did have a few things on there of course you know being that we put this
show out on Sundays you know some of the stuff has come out during the week two of those
were brand new Ubisoft games whoopee doo.
First one's cause.
Hold on hold on I want to say before you start getting this stuff out we have to get a little
disclaimer about sometimes you're right and sometimes you're wrong right because you know
that we.
Hey listen.
New year new show.
So sometimes these dates are right sometimes they're wrong why are they wrong sometimes?
They're wrong sometimes because they change dates like daily so stuff changes all the
time and a company to announce a date initially and have that date stick is like a rarity.
This stuff shuffles around and the only reason it shuffles around is development cycles whether
they're in behind or headed in development or getting approval from like Sony Microsoft
and Nintendo.
For instance I just to kind of give an example this week actually I should say a long time
ago I want to say it was in like episode 195 or something it was a while ago a long time
ago about six months ago you said that Bioshock was coming out in April of 2007.
But then this week we heard that there was a 2K games rep that was posting on some forum
that said it's coming out in June you heard it here first.
So it's kind of like you were in the right ballpark but for whatever reason these developments
have got to push out.
No they changed it.
The same day well actually I think because I don't pay attention to some of these date
changes or don't bother repeating them again but like before the guy came out and said
oh yeah by the way this is we had a date change to you know the new new date now.
So I mean it does it it's just a change at all time it's just like trying to think for
example Elder Scrolls Oblivion for the PlayStation 3 first it was going to be a launch title
then it was January and then it was February now it's March.
So it's like you know some games are just push back and push back and push back.
So I mean I try to report them every time I see them change but you know it changes
a lot.
But what I notice you do get from out of this and you've gotten it right every time I can't
think of a time you've ever been wrong on this is when a new title comes in that hasn't
been announced yet like you know about Oblivion on the PlayStation 3 six months before anybody
ever announced it officially.
Whenever these titles drop in there it's always right.
And Oblivion.
That's what I've noticed.
And Oblivion on PSP.
That's right I remember that from last year.
And Full Auto 2 on PSP.
So is there anything in this list that's new that we don't know about yet?
Well yes.
I do know stuff.
Okay first off we mentioned last week driver parallel lines for the PSP which was actually
March 14th was when that was coming out.
Now it's being changed to driver 76 so because if you remember driver parallel lines start
off in 1976 and then it comes in the modern time.
So I'm guessing this game is going to be driver parallel lines but just set in 1976.
I didn't know that because the driver series sucks.
Yeah it does.
But that's just happening.
However though I do have a date for you this will make you happy.
Enchanted Arms for the PlayStation 3 March 14th as well.
And we knew that was coming.
Definitely one that was not a big surprise but we don't have a date for that yet.
So that's kind of cool.
New games though that haven't been announced.
Dream Pinball 3D for the Wii coming out October 10th so still weighs off.
And not a huge surprise but Fantastic Four Rise of the Silver Surfer is going to be coming
out on PlayStation 2, 360, and the Wii at mandatory movie time.
PS2!
Not 3.
PS2.
Not a lot of stuff being developed for PlayStation 3.
PlayStation 2 though, lots of stuff.
Interesting.
And by the way those two Ubisoft games Cosmic Family and Spelling Spree.
Cosmic Family I hear is meant for really little kids because I guess it's based off a cartoon
series or something like that and then Spelling Spree I'm guessing some sort of DS type of
game.
It makes me think like Imagine People driving by in their cars rolling down the window and
like spelling at them to death.
Oh yeah?
Well PRICE DIE!
Well remember we mentioned last week and I haven't seen this anywhere yet but Driver
Parallel Alliance is on the Wii.
That was one of the ones that they didn't mention.
Not that I really care to play that on the Wii but I'm just saying letting it be known.
So you heard it here first.
Hopefully.
We think.
I can't check the whole internet but as far as I'm aware none of the major sites out there.
The ones backed by magazines and publishing companies.
What about regular release dates for the week?
This week of course January is pretty slow as far as stuff coming out.
Of course the big game this week is going to be Lost Planet which is coming out on the
12th so definitely worth picking up especially if you've played the demo.
Debatable.
I'm not, I'm passing.
I wasn't a fan of the demo sorry.
I'm passing too even though I liked it because I have too many things I'm playing right now
so that's it.
Now PlayStation 2 though not a whole lot coming out.
There's Arthur and the Invisibles woohoo and The Shield which sucked ass and was that based
on the TV show?
Yes.
That's interesting.
So beyond that there's not a whole lot coming out.
I know there's some DS games, new Yu-Gi-Oh game.
It's pretty light.
Japanese release dates you have a couple big titles coming out.
Atsumare Piata is coming out January 11th 2007 on 360.
That's the name of Viva Piata localized for Japan.
For the PlayStation 3 you get NBA 07 over there and by the way they have Enchanted Arm
coming out January 25th over in Japan.
Just so you know that's coming up a little sooner but that makes sense.
Actually they call it Enchant Arm EM over in Japan too and that was released long before
it was over here last year on the 360.
GT Pro Series coming out for the Nintendo Wii.
I recommend you pass on that one.
Coming out on January 11th for the PlayStation 2.
Not a lot of new stuff.
You do get a couple things going into the best series from Koei including Warship Gunner
2 and Shin Sangoku Musou 3 Empires and Mushoden.
I should note though that.hack//G.U.
Volume 3 is out next week so I know a lot of folks are really into.hack//.
That's on its way out pretty soon.
Also coming out on the Nintendo DS, Zettai Onkan Training DS and DS Dengeki Bunko Ira
no Sora UFO No Natsu is coming out this week January 11th and of course...
That's funny.
What?
I guess UFO of Summer?
Well I'm looking here.
I'm looking at the box art and once again it's another freaking DS Japan game that has
funny looking school girls on the cover, all anime style, and it looks like they're flying
a ship.
What was the name of the game?
DS Dengeki Bunko Ira No Sora UFO No Natsu.
Huh.
That's what it's called.
Okay.
Yeah.
But probably most people holding out for, oh never mind it's a US release, never mind.
I have the sky color.
Who cares?
Are any of you really going to import it?
I didn't think so.
I will.
Actually, I'm planning on getting, what was that other game that's not coming out, that
one that we played for DDR?
I'm going to import that.
Which one?
The...
They had the intro.
Oh, Oz.
Yeah.
That's an old game.
I know it's old, but I think I'm going to get it.
Yeah, we played the Oz song, Polyvostian Dance and Chorus, and we played that today and Jamie
was like, I want that game.
Well, reading from that title, I think it's Ira of Sky something, summer, whatever.
Anyway, we have our UK release dates, if anyone's interested, which I am.
On the 12th is pretty much what's coming out.
Bionicle Heroes, Children of Mana, both on DS, Lost Planet, Extreme Condition on Xbox
360, Tokobot Plus Mysteries of the Karakuri on PS2, and Warioware Smooth Moves on Wii.
Yeah, you can't wait for Warioware to come out next...
I think it's...
That's next week, isn't it?
I think it's next week.
Yeah.
Cool.
Yay!
New game.
Finally.
Anyways.
One new game, though, that we're probably not going to see, at least I hope that God
of War, if you're not going to see this, is a new RPG based on Tingle, that really annoying
gay fairy from Wind Waker.
Now he hasn't come out yet, it's just people assuming.
Okay, flaming gay fairy from Legend of Zelda Wind Waker.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, Loki.
Nothing wrong with that, he's just super homo flaming gay.
Anyways, so apparently it's, oh God, it's possibly going to head to the US in 2007.
I was going to say, there is no freaking way this game is not coming to the US at this
point.
If they're going out of their way to put it out in Europe, you know it's coming here.
You know it's going to, because the English version will already exist, it's got to come
here.
What about Mother 3?
Didn't that come out in the...
I don't think it did come out over there.
It came out in Japan, of course.
But I thought there was one game that got translated for the UK but never came out over
here.
That's funny, it's not going to be Tingle RPG, it can't.
That was Mother 3.
Not with the freaking petition going on and everything.
There's people out there that want their tingle.
Tingle.
You know you're going to want this game, Loki.
You're going to buy it.
Nellie's going to make you buy it.
I'm not buying it.
Nellie's going to make you buy it.
She will not make me buy this stuff.
I will show it to her and then she'll make you buy it.
I want to play the Tingle RPG, it'll be fun.
Jamie, will you play the Tingle RPG?
Maybe.
Alright.
When I'm out of school.
Nm64 would like to point out, Loki, Tingle was in Majora's Mask.
JeremyTod1 says, fact, Rob tried to try out for the role of Tingle but Nintendo rejected
him.
Aw, sad.
That is, you know it's true though that I do have this secret desire, I've always wanted
to be a voice actor in a game, I think that would be fun.
That would be a lot of fun, don't you?
A voice actor in a game?
Yeah, wouldn't that be fun?
Well not Tingle, God no, but you know, something.
We could be a soldier that gets shot in Halo 3 or something.
I mean, I don't even know what the hell you'd do in that.
Oh, Tingle!
I'm like, I'll flame that game!
Oh my God, Loki, you should do it!
I'm not going to be Tingle.
I want someone to create a petition right now on that site, whatever that petition site
is.
Loki for Tingle!
Does Tingle have a hag in that game?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Holy God!
Thank you, insider information says, thank God it's not coming.
Holy Shonen says, Tingle funny, but I want him dead.
I don't think he'd sell well over here, it's too annoying.
People will say, fuck this Tingle shit, we want more Zelda.
Well something else that won't come out over here is new music games for the PSP.
Interesting huh?
Sony is denying that a frequency sequel and a new music game called Traxion for the PSP
were not denied by them, but apparently Harmonix spoke to IGN recently, and the team behind
frequency said, this is what Sony did, Sony denied Traxion and the frequency sequel for
the PSP.
Traxion was killed months ago, months ago that thing was gone.
Harmonix proposed the sequel on the handheld, but Sony said no.
On top of that, LucasArts was going to bring that game Traxion, I'm sorry, it was LucasArts
not Harmonix bringing Traxion, and that was also axed.
I know for a fact, Sony likes to pass on games they should not be passing on.
I'm shocked that they would, with all the fear that Red Octane is causing right now
with Guitar Hero and everything, I'm shocked that they would deny them to make a music
game on the PSP.
Especially when you have frickin' Taiko no Tatujin, which is a stupid game.
I don't understand Sony's logic with the games they're not allowing through, it doesn't make
sense to me at all.
Bad move Sony, because you know, if you do this enough times to Harmonix, and Microsoft
who's going to probably be a little more welcoming, hey you want to develop for us, yeah great,
we want games on the console, you know what, that's where that game's going to end up.
And what about, well I guess Luminous isn't really a music game, I don't know.
But it has happy music.
Well, there is a rumor floating around about another game coming out on Xbox 360 that's,
I think it has a little bit to do with the announcement of Virtua Fighter 5 coming out
on Xbox 360, but the rumor now is for Tekken 6 on Xbox 360.
It was the same person, quote, IG an insider, who was also credited for letting the news
out for Virtua Fighter 5, and so if it's out, I mean, it's not like it hasn't been done
before, you know, that's come out on a non-Sony system.
We've had the Game Boy Advance one, remember Tekken Advance?
I try not to.
I actually own that game, and I thought it was okay.
And then I've got the Blingcast Tekken 3.
So...
Alright.
Are you, what would you think being a Tekken fangirl that you are, what would you think
about this coming to the 360?
Is that good news, bad news?
Because Tekken, I do always kind of put Tekken with Sony.
I mean, you know, because think about Sony's version of Soul Calibur 2 had Heihachi as
the bonus character.
You know, Tekken's always been a very Sony thing.
This, the timing and everything of this seems a little fanboy to me.
I don't think, I think this is just the negative Sony ball keeps on rolling and people are
saying this.
I don't think this is legit.
There was also, though, them saying, you remember Soul Calibur for the longest time was a Sony
exclusive.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, we had three releases of Soul Calibur, what was it, Soul Calibur 2 on various systems,
each with their own bonus character.
I'm not going to say yea or nay, but I don't think it's far-fetched.
Alright.
Well, it's just there's not a lot, even though, despite what Sony says, oh, we're meeting
our numbers.
I'm like, yeah, they're lower numbers that they keep saying.
The meeting the numbers that they spew out of their ass.
Going back to the previous story for a minute, I just want to say, God, I love the chatters.
Took not even five minutes and look at this, Ipetitions.com slash petition slash Loki Tingle,
all one word, and the petition reads, simply, Loki should be the Tingle in the next Legend
of Zelda game.
Beautiful.
I'm going to sign it right now.
I know, I'm going to go sign it as well while the next story is being read.
Okie dokie.
Anyways, so if you want to get your Tekken fix on the Playstation 3 right now, you can
definitely if you're in Japan, because Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection is out there, but if you're
in another region, fear not, there is a work around just like they have for the Xbox 360
for their demos.
You can actually do this.
First what you need to do on your Playstation 3 is create a new user account for your Playstation
3.
It cannot be an existing new or existing user or sub-user.
It has to be completely from scratch.
Once you've done that, simply enter in all the credit card information and pick the country
as Hong Kong and then choose any city.
Once you've done all that stuff, what you do is you add money to your account, but you
have to do it an amount below $50, and that's $50 I believe in Hong Kong dollars, so roughly
add I believe $40 in Hong Kong twice.
And once you've done that, I guess that is just under the radar for confirming your address
or something like that.
Once you've done that, you're able to purchase the Tekken Dark Resurrection game from Japan.
You better hurry up and do it now because you know Sony is going to close the loophole
on that within days.
So if you really want to do that now or just wait for it to come out, because it will come
out eventually.
Speaking of older titles but things that you can download online, Major Nelson published
this week the top Xbox Live games of 2006, and so since we were talking about downloadable
titles, we'll talk first about the top arcade titles.
So let's talk about the top purchased arcade titles according to Major Nelson's list, starting
off with number 20 was Luminous Live, which I thought was kind of low on the list, 19
Cloning Clyde, 18 Small Arms, 17 Feeding Frenzy, 16 Bejeweled 2, 15 Texas Hold'em, 14 Zuma,
13 Contrast, 12 Smash TV, 11 Bankshot Billiards 2, 10 Frogger, 9 Gauntlet, 8 Galaga, 7 Ultimate
Mortal Kombat 3, 6 Doom, 5 Pac-Man, 4 Marble Blast Ultra, 3 Geometry Wars Evolved, 2 Street
Fighter 2 Hyper Fighting, and 1 was Uno, which isn't very surprising.
Plus it was one of those ones that had porn and stuff, so not a huge surprise.
As far as the top Xbox 360 titles, 20 Splinter Cell Double Agent, 19 Battlefield, 18 Tom
Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas, 17 Need for Speed Most Wanted, 16 Dead Rising, 15 Madden NFL
07, 14 Texas Hold'em, 13 Dead or Alive 4, 12 Geometry Wars Evolved, because remember
they are counting everything here, 11 Saints Row, 10 EA Sports Fight Night Round, 3, 9
Uno, 8 Call of Duty 3, 7 Perfect Dark Zero, 6 Project Gotham Racing 3, 5 Oblivion, 4 Ghost
Recon 3, 3 Call of Duty 2, 2 Hexic HD, because it was on all the hard drives, which is surprising
because they left that off the arcade titles list, and I thought that was an arcade title,
but never mind.
And number one, Gears of War, of course, no big surprise there.
Alright, well one thing we like to do every week here on Orange Launch Radio is we let
Dark Sakura have a moment to surf the web up and down, back and forth, and share with
you all the website that she believes was the best one she found all week long.
We call it Dark Sakura's Website of the Week.
Well, my website of the week goes back to my love of digital art, and this is photoshopsupport.com.
Tutorials, tools, resources, there's a good link with lots of brushes, lots of good stuff
on it.
There's even free stock photos, there's flash resources, Dreamweaver resources, fonts, textures,
you name it.
That is really, really freaking cool.
So I'm going to vote photoshopsupport.com as my website of the week.
So surf there right now, one more time Dark Sakura.
Photoshopsupport.com.
If you can't spell it, I ain't spelling it out for you.
There you go.
Well, one thing that we're not spelling is lawsuit for-
L-A-W-S-U-I-T lawsuit.
L-A-W-S-U-I-T-T-E-D.
Is this spelled right?
So yeah, the lawsuit between OverGuitarHero with, of course, guitars, and between Red
Octane, Activision, and the Ant Commandos, well, they've decided to settle.
And apparently what's happening now is they're just able to make the guitars, you know, they've
kind of buried the hatchet, I guess, and allowing the Ant Commandos to still make their third
party guitars, and yeah, that's pretty much it.
Everyone's kind of going their own way.
Which makes sense, since, well, you know, Red Octane, they fucking made third party
guitars for a long time now, I mean, come on, this is like, I don't know, what's-
It sounds to me like they kissed a mate up somehow, one way or another.
Someone blew somebody, I think.
But anyways, yeah, so all that's better now, it doesn't really matter anyways, because
if you wanted to wire this guitar, you can always buy the official one, I guess.
Did you see the Guitar Hero 2 360 box art?
No, I didn't get to pull that up at work, I saw that.
I think there's a story coming up on it later in Part B, at least specifically what's
in the game, so I won't spoil that, but the box art's very interesting because it's
all white, and it's so weird because you're just thinking, you know, you see the Guitar
Hero boxes, they're black, but of course, this is more the Xbox 360's color scheme,
so it's kind of interesting.
They just look different to me.
One other thing that looked kind of different to me when I first saw this was the screenshots
for SimCity on the DS.
Some screenshots were recently leaked to the internet from SimCity DS.
What I thought was interesting is that the host of SimCity DS is Will Wright.
Even in the Japanese version, there's this little cartoon character of Will Wright that's
sort of your guide.
I think the mayor in the old school SimCity on Super Nintendo, which is a virtual console
game now, Will Wright is kind of performing that role.
Now, SimCity DS is not based on the old SimCity, but it looks like it runs on, I think it's
either the 2000 or the 3000 engine.
I think it's SimCity 3, not 2000.
It looks a little too in-depth, or they might have enhanced it a little bit, but either
way, it's that more 3D ISO type of view than the old school SimCity was.
I was only really a fan of the first SimCity game.
I didn't really get into the series after that, but I know it's a very good simulation
type game.
I would like to see maybe old school Civilization on the DS.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Maybe that's just me.
Then again, there was old school Civilization, I think, on the Super Nintendo, and it kind
of blew.
We'll see.
Well, as far as other things that remain to be seen, I don't know how much we're going
to agree with this, but Eurogamer posted their top 50 games of 2006, and I've got the top
10.
So, if anyone would like to know, I'll read them off.
Sure.
Why not?
I guess one more best of 06 list to close us out.
Number 10 is Professor Kawashima's Brain Training, How Old Is Your Brain?
Number 9 is Wii Sports.
Wii Sports is good.
Number 8 is Viva Pinata.
I guess I need to actually play that, huh?
Seven is Gears of War.
Six is Lego Star Wars II.
Those games are actually pretty fun, but I got really pissed off at the one that came
out a year before.
Five is Dead Rising, because there's something really awesome about running over zombies
with a lawnmower and cutting their heads off with a scythe.
Four is Final Fantasy XII.
Three is The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess, which Dan and I are currently playing through.
Two is Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion.
And the number one game is...
Your mom.
Cooking Mama.
No, Guitar Hero.
Really?
Yes, Guitar Hero won number one.
Oh, because that just came out in Europe this year.
Ah, okay, okay.
I can see that.
And to quote one of the folks from Eurogamer, Keza says, If you don't like Guitar Hero,
you have no soul.
I have to admit, though, I'm getting a little burned out on the guitar hero list.
I'm a little burned out on it.
It's not God's gift to video games like the media is portraying it to be.
It's really not.
I love Guitar Hero, but I found out I can't play it drunk.
I feel like I've been playing music games for years, and not to sound elitist or anything,
so I'm sorry if I sound that way, I understand Guitar Hero made the music game genre more
accessible.
Don't get me wrong.
And I do think it's a good game.
I think it's a great game, in fact.
But I don't think it's like, you know, oh, sound the chorus of angels.
Fucking Guitar Freaks 2DX, basically.
I feel like I've kind of seen this before.
What's so freaking great about it?
But I guess it's just that it made it more accessible through the fact that as much as
we have loved Konami's Bomani title, they've never really fully been Americanized, if that
makes sense.
Whenever they try to Americanize them, it doesn't always work, because I think they're
letting the Japanese teams Americanize the games, and that doesn't work.
Speaking of top tens, I never posted mine to the site, so I'm going to read it for you
now.
Would you like to know my top ten games of 2006?
That's okay.
Well, too bad.
I'm going to tell you anyway.
I did like Eurogamer's List, though.
You know why I like Eurogamer's List?
Because I like their reviews over there, because, you know, they will tell it like it is over
there.
So that was interesting to hear that.
But now mine.
And here's the ones that I thought were the ten best games of 2006.
Number ten, I said Sneak King on the 360.
And I know you might think I'm crazy, but get this.
It was an original title, the game was four bucks, and it was probably better than most
of the games that Xbox released in arcade for five or more.
So if you think about it, it's one of the best gaming values of the year, and it absolutely
deserves recognition.
I think it came off better than anyone thought it would.
So you know, Sneak King, I know it seems weird to put it on a top ten list, but I felt it
needed some type of recognition for kind of what it did.
It did something really, really original in many ways.
Number nine, I said Phantasy Star Universe.
And the reason why I said that is because you have massive replayability over previous
versions of Phantasy Star Online in my mind.
You have single player mode, and that would be the type of game that usually you'd think
would be sold by itself, but on top of that you have the online mode, rationed unlocks
that kind of keep the game going, and makes the world ever expanding, keeps online mode
fresh.
Number eight, I said Kingdom Hearts 2, which I think far too many people overlooked amongst
the 2006 releases.
It was an epic game in every sense of the word, made improvements to the original, kept
a fresh storyline, and even if you consider that some of the old worlds from the first
game return, I mean, they kept it fresh.
It's amazing.
Yes, it has a three hour opening, but the fact that it's got like the year's probably
one of the best soundtracks of the year, amazing visuals, and fucking Tron World.
Enough said.
Tron World.
One of the best games of the year.
Number seven, I said Trauma Center Second Opinion, because you know, this is proof that
games do not have to have great graphics to be fun.
It was originally hailed as truly original on the DS, and it really feels like on the
Wii, this is how the game always should have been, and it's probably the most grossly
underlooked and underrated Wii launch title.
It definitely deserved a place in the top ten of the year.
Number six, I said New Super Mario Brothers on the DS.
Nintendo certainly knows how to milk its retro franchises for all they are worth, but New
Super Mario Brothers takes this old formula, gives it a kick in the pants.
This is the game people wanted on the GameCube.
Everybody wanted to see a game like this on the GameCube, and for whatever reason Nintendo
said, now we'll put it on the DS.
And it's like, people read our minds and they got it when, you know, we say that the next
generation of gaming, you don't have to make everything in 3D.
You can make visually appealing 2D games, and New Super Mario Brothers was it.
So definitely it was one of the best titles of the year.
Number five, I said Dead Rising on the 360, because it's an absolutely original concept
for a game that just feels fun.
You're running over zombies with a lawnmower, for God's sake.
The greatest thing about the game to me is that you just kind of pick it up and have
fun with it, and just like any sandbox type game, you can just say screw it to the stories
and go decapitate zombies, and it's awesome.
Number four would be Final Fantasy XII.
The game is not aging at all, it's reinventing itself as many times as Madonna has, having
a fresh story, and the battle system is phenomenal.
It feels simple in the game's first hours, but as you play more, it gets so engaging,
and it's great.
16.99 widescreen support in the US helps the game kind of keep up with the next gen of
gaming.
Unfortunately, I think it was maybe released a little too late for enough people to notice
this title, but it's definitely worth your time if you enjoy roleplaying games at all.
Number three, I said Elite Beat Agents on the DS.
It's probably, honestly, one of the best music video games of all time, period.
There's no fancy controller that you have to embarrass yourself with, you just pick
up the pen and you go, hilarious cutscenes, diverse soundtrack, it's an awesome game,
and it's better than Oh and Don, sorry.
Number two, I said Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, simply the good graphics.
You go anywhere you want in a huge world, it's so big it's overwhelming, it's phenomenal,
and then you have all these downloadable expansions to it that just keep the game freaking going
and going and going.
It's an incredible achievement.
And then, of course, as I said last week, number one would be The Legend of Zelda Twilight
Princess.
Just the fact that you've got the new Wii controls on it, you have these clever new
items added to the Zelda universe to kind of make use of that, and the story elements
and everything.
It's just a phenomenal title that was well worth the wait.
There you have it.
Those are my top ten of the year.
Anyone else want to expand on what they thought were the best games of the year?
I have my top ten list in your email, but I don't know what it was off the top of my
head.
Let me know what you want real quick.
Jamie, anything you want to add?
Cookie Mama!
Loki, I'll read them off and you can explain your picks if you want.
Well, you should read off what I put on there because it was funny.
Fine, hold on.
Let's see, what do we got?
I have...
Okay, here we go.
Loki picked Final Fantasy XII.
This is the number ten best game of the year.
I'm sure somewhere in the video game top list guidelines it says we are required to put
at least one Final Fantasy game in any top ten list.
So this year it's Final Fantasy XII.
It's sexy, new, and everyone wants to be it.
It'll be its friends.
That is until Final Fantasy XIII comes out, all fifty different versions of it.
Loki said number nine was Dead Rising.
Dawn of the Dead, the game, I mean Dead Rising was pretty awesome.
Although I wish the save system wasn't thought up by brainless zombies.
Loki said the number eight game of 2006 was Call of Duty 3.
Call of Duty 2 was an incredible game and this one only improves on the formula even
better if you have surround sound.
Loki said the number seven game of the year was New Super Mario Bros.
I think these are in no particular order also.
Oh really?
It's just my top ten.
Oh, well too bad.
I'm assuming this is the order.
I didn't realize Super Mario Bros. 3 and a half could be so much fun.
I guess you can't beat the old 2D platformer days.
I just hope we get some more like this on every system.
Number six was Gears of War, the killer app before Halo 3, a very intense and albeit hard
game.
Number five was Twilight Princess.
We've waited so long for New Zelda.
It's everything we could have wanted.
Number four was Excite Truck.
I guess that's why you said this is in no order.
Who in their right mind would put Excite Truck above Twilight Princess, you idiot?
Me?
Okay, now read.
It looks like Nintendo's BEA to the punch for a burnout off-road, a great launch game
for the Wii that converted at least two non-gamers, my wife and extrovert, into full-fledged gamers.
All right, that's a good point, good point.
Number three, Saints Row.
It's like Grand Theft Auto three and a half.
I spent countless lunches hurling grenades and rockets at cops while speeding away on
my riced-out minifan.
I'll be playing this game until Saints Row 2 comes out or Grand Theft Auto 4.
According to Loki, the number two best game of the year was Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion.
I have to give props to a game that would let me rob a guild bear, punch a deer, and
set fire to civilians in the course of one day and wearing nothing but a loincloth.
Well said, well said.
And the number one game according to Loki in 2006, and I totally disagree, Grand Theft
Auto Vice City Stories.
Despite its incredibly flawed targeting system and rather frustrating glitches, Grand Theft
Auto Vice City Stories is the most fun you'll ever have on the PSP ad hoc multiplayer.
I can only hope that GTA IV is up to this level of fun just for the love of God beta
the multiplayer more than five minutes, and I think exactly for those reasons that the
fact that it had some bad beta-ing, you should not have put that game anywhere near your
top ten.
It was in no particular order, that's why I put it there, so whatever.
All right, there you go.
And then NM64 says, Loki admitted his wife's a gamer.
JV Mon says, Rob, I would put Excite Trek before Zelda.
I don't know, you guys, it's a good game.
I think Excite Trek is horribly underrated, and it probably would be in my top fifteen,
but the worst part about Excite Trek is that it was too short.
That's it.
That was the worst part about it.
All right, Jamie has a list she'd like to share.
Okay, my number ten is actually DDR Supernova, just because it's bringing DDR back to the
arcade, giving everybody what they want, and I think that's a good thing, it's sort of
help rebuilding the whole community, and that makes me happy.
And nine is the Super Mario Brothers, just because it's Super Mario Brothers, and that
game's actually kind of hard.
Eight is the Resistance Fall of Man, because it's pretty, and you explode heads and stuff.
And I actually like Guitar Hero 2, so it's on there for my number seven.
And number six is Trauma Center, because that game's fucking frustrating and evil and has
people screaming loudly at their DS's.
And then five is Wii Sports, because it's actually kind of fun.
Four would be Zelda.
Three is Pirates of the Caribbean Pinball.
What?
Okay.
You really thought outside the box for your picks.
Well, you are a pinball whore, I'll take it.
No, I'm married to a pinball whore, that's a different story.
I understand, I understand.
Two is going to be all the Flash games on the Doctor Who website.
Oh my god, you loser.
Your list just lost all credibility.
Hey!
I like the game where he's the drawing and you have to walk through the thing.
Failed.
Clank.
And one is Cooking Mama, of course.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
You're the only gamer girl I can think of that would put Cooking Mama at the top of
her list with pride.
Very well done.
It's great!
Cooking Mama is awesome!
Next year, her number one game will be Driving Training.
What?
Because you know, you're a woman.
This is good radio.
Unless you can't see me flip you off.
And on that note, we should probably go to break while Dark Sakura kicks my ass out in
the parking lot.
So we'll be back after this with Orange Lounge Radio Part B.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
