Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Another Zelda HD revival is coming our way, and some new content and functionality are also in store. Amiibo is still a highly debated subject, but it can't be denied that the utility is growing. We'll explain more on this along with the rest of the week's gaming news, and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 628 for this January the 17th of 2016.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you in Studio N7 in Sacramento, California. You can follow me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining me by my side, as always, are my co-hosts. Welcome back, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Is your mic on over there? There we go.
Actually I think that my thing on here is kind of broken.
Uh oh, well that's the joy of live radio.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah, we can hear you fine now.
Okay, well I wrote the teacups for you.
Thank you.
I filmed it.
Yay!
I didn't put it online yet, but I filmed it just for you, which is really just a lot of blurring.
I appreciate that. I like to film when I go on the, what's the one in Cars Land? Not the big one, not the e-ticket there, the little baby one.
Oh man, this is a horrible live radio.
I don't remember, I have never seen it, but I know which one you're talking about. It's the tractors.
Yes, the tractors that spin around around.
By the way everybody, TechMasterLoki over there.
And I've never actually been to Cars Land.
I didn't do any of that California Adventure crap.
Oh, last time I was there that wasn't even there.
Disney only, huh?
I found the new entrance to Club 33 though.
Oh, I didn't know they moved it.
Yeah.
Oh.
It's around the corner a little bit, and the only way to identify a marker is a little doorbell with 33 over it.
Right.
Well, it is a podcast about video games, but with DarkSakura being gone last week at Disneyland.
Disneyland is better.
You know, I...
Hey, now watch it.
Did you play any games at Disneyland? Let's get meta.
Because they do have...
I didn't play Astro Blasters.
Do they still have like the half, it's like half Flynn's Arcade, half Wreck-It Ralph thing at Space Mountain?
No.
StarCade's gone.
Oh, no.
It's all closed off.
What?
It just has like an ATM in there.
What?
That's awful.
I took a picture at how sad it was.
Aw.
StarCade's ATM is the greatest game ever.
Yeah, you win real money.
Yeah, I know you get money.
But, I mean, I did like the usual.
We went to, we did Hyperspace Mountain, which was okay.
What is, what is hyper?
Is that just, they put the Star Wars, like, like the first time in my modern era because,
you know, I went to Disneyland as a kid and then I went back in my twenties.
And the first time I went back to Disneyland was with DarkSakura and the official OLR lesbians
who haven't been on the show in a long time because they moved.
They moved to Wisconsin.
Right.
They're like way out there now.
And, but they, we all went and when we went on Space Mountain, it was a rocking Space Mountain.
It was playing Red Hot Chili Peppers.
It was like people were dancing on holograms.
Is it just that whole thing, but with Star Wars?
Kinda.
But as you go through where they would, would have like the little hologram, not the holograms,
but little things up on the wall.
Instead it was projections of like dogfights in space.
It was okay.
Did Kylo Ren talk to us with his sexy voice?
I didn't.
I was just like, I was too busy going, ah!
That's what you're supposed to do on Space Mountain.
That is what you do on Space Mountain.
But I still have my Fastpass for Hyperspace Mountain because we rode the special entrance
to most of the rides because we had a certain friend with us.
So we got to do the ride within a ride and the back doors and everything and find the
other ways around.
And it was cool.
That's fun.
And I've now got to see kind of backstage on Haunted Mansion.
And I did the cat hunting game.
I found two cats.
So the whole reason you were there at Disneyland was because part of it's closing.
It's gone.
It's leaving.
So you were there the last minute.
You were there right up to closing, right?
I actually have two videos up on my YouTube channel.
It's just DarkSakuraOLR.
Is it just you and Lady Victoria and that whole clique that are big fans of that restaurant?
I came into the party late, but I had only been once before, but I fell in love immediately.
But were there other, does Bucket of Meat have a cult of fans?
There were people who were not wanting to vacate the tables.
And the staff had to tell them to leave because of the reservations.
Right.
We left with like five pots.
We left with five buckets.
They really should just tear out Rainforest Cafe because it was super overrated.
It was, but it's not even adjacent to the park.
I don't care.
I have to go to our chat because we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vog.network.com
See, the fact that we're the Voice of Geeks Network gives us a little freedom to talk about more than just games.
And Disney addiction, that's a little geeky.
But anyway, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf Show, also a Disney fan.
In fact, the last time I went to Disneyland was with Bobby Black Wolf Show.
But we are live Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, of course, right after Bobby.
And Tiger Claw on our chat room, I knew he was going to ask about this because Tiger Claw is always the one that's like,
did you see this or did you know about this?
Tiger Claw asking, did you see Saturday Night Live last night with the Kylo Ren sketch?
And I'm assuming he's talking about the Undercover Boss thing where they parodied that show, which I didn't even know Undercover Boss was still a thing.
I thought that show was off the air, like, for a long time.
But yes, I did see the sketch and it was hilarious because, I don't know, like, again, I'm going to not go into spoiler territory, don't worry.
But we all know Kylo Ren is the villain in the movie, we all know that, okay?
He's got the red lightsaber in the trailer, you all know that.
And even though he's kind of an asshole, like, there's a part of me that's like, I kind of like, really like Kylo Ren.
Like, I just, it's the voice. The voice is so hot.
I don't know what it is. Only when the mask is on, though. I don't, cause, anyway.
Yeah, the mask on, it's good. He's like, oh man, he sounds so badass, like Darth Vader, and then he takes it off.
I'm so whiny! It's like, no, no, it's not working.
He's like the emo Kylo Ren account.
I love that Twitter, by the way.
No, it's a great Twitter.
No, no, no, put the mask back on!
So anyway, the fact that they actually incorporated that a little bit into the sketch, that slayed me. I love that.
So, yeah. That guy has a good, what was his name, Adam Driver? He has a good sense of humor.
He did, like, a porn sketch last night, too, cause they have, like, a reoccurring thing where this girl keeps interrupting porns that are being shot, so they did something to that, yeah.
I haven't watched that in a long time.
I know, I know, there's not a lot of reason to, but it's a little more up than it was a couple years ago.
I was just excited, cause yesterday I was browsing through everything, cause, you know, my kids always hog Netflix.
And so I was like, dude, there's, like, so many awesome movies on here now that I like to watch.
And then I noticed that the new season of It's Always Sunny is on there now, and I was like, yes.
Hilarious show.
Alright, we gotta get to games a little bit tonight, cause, you know, it is a video game show, and we're gonna talk about the types of games we've been playing this week.
We're also gonna get into the news this week.
But we always like to start each week with a kickoff topic.
But, you know, I have to admit, I was struggling a little bit this week to come up with a kickoff topic.
So I thought, you know what, let's go to the listeners.
Maybe the listeners have a kickoff topic for us tonight.
So we're actually gonna go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us at participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
I ain't readin' all this.
DarkSakura dives in the mailbag head first and finds an email, or five, that she deems are worthy to read.
And actually we've picked one of them tonight.
We'll do all the emails later, but we're gonna do one here at the top of the show cause it asks a good question I thought would be a good kickoff topic tonight.
So DarkSakura, please, to the email.
Anyway, it came with two games, Sonic CD and Road Avenger.
Sonic CD blew my mind from the first second.
I'll never forget the video intro and the catchy Toot Toot Sonic Warriors song.
The music quality was a different world.
Sonic had never had more speed and the 3D stages to get the emeralds were unseen at the time.
But yeah, the European OSD was a lot better than the American one.
That's a matter of opinion.
Road Avenger was a full motion video game drawn like a cartoon.
Again, the music and sound effects were amazing.
The onscreen action was over the top.
The video was even more fantastic.
The rest, I guess, isn't to be read out loud.
I'll just read it.
Secondly, can you email me an address or P.O. Box for me to send some Belgian stuff to?
You know, chocolates, beer, candy.
I will take chocolates, beer, candy.
That's a very sweet gesture and we can reach out to him off air.
You guys have done this show forever now.
You were there when I was going through a very rough time.
I listened to this show when I climbed Mount Vento and it brightened up my day.
It's the least I can do.
As always, thanks a million for doing this show, Fabrice from Belgium.
Well, thank you Fabrice for the email.
If I knew you were going to listen to this show while you were climbing a mountain,
I would have actually sung my best Mother Superior.
Climb every mountain.
Anyone? Anyone? All right, forget it.
No.
The only good part of Sound of Music Live on NBC,
because it was the one song that Carrie Underwood didn't sing,
but anyway, back to the email.
Now I'm thinking of the Little Shepherd.
Now that everybody shut the show off,
I can't handle it.
Let's go back to the question that was asked at the top of the email.
What console had the biggest impact on you?
Dark Sakura, why not?
You've played them all.
You have them all in your house.
You've got a ton of them in the vault.
Which one had the biggest impact on you?
I don't know.
Just because.
I mean, I've got different memories attached to each one of them.
So, um.
Go ahead.
Let me ask this.
If the house were on fire, and you had enough time to take one thing out of the vault,
what are you getting out of the vault?
Turbo graphics.
So there you go. I think that's the answer.
But the thing is, though, is that it wouldn't do me any good without the game.
So, kind of why.
I would just plug in the turbo graphics and stay in the house.
Or maybe even the Neo Geo, because then I could sell it and buy a new house.
Um, with all the cartridges.
Um, I got.
Okay.
I'm gonna do, like, my three.
For a reason.
When I was a little kid, my neighbors had a Magnavox Odyssey 2.
We played a shitload of that.
And that's what started video game addiction for me.
That machine right there.
And I had played, like, you know, Atari 2600s.
I'd played all the other things.
But that was the thing I played the most of as a kid.
Do you remember the game?
Quest for the Rings?
I had a feeling. Because when you did that, you did that as a classic game.
But it wasn't, like, the first.
Well, we said, fuck the board game. We just played the game.
But I remember you talking about that game.
And, like, Cryptologic or Crypt Equip.
And MC Crazy Chase and MC Munchkin.
And, um, the other racing game that was on the Crypt Equip 1.
And that was, you know, my afternoons after school.
Was playing the Magnavox Odyssey 2.
And I have one now.
I can't even hook it up to anything.
But I'm not getting rid of it for anything.
The next big one for me would be the ColecoVision.
And I think the ColecoVision is, like, the real big game changer.
Because it was the first video game system my family owned.
And my mom would play the shit out of it.
And her asshole husband would play the shit out of it.
My brothers were little babies.
I mean, Phillip was toddling around.
And Matt was an infant, you know.
I don't even know that Matt was born.
Yeah, Matt was born by that house.
Because I was thinking. Because I lived on the same street years later as a teenager.
When my grandma bought a house down the street.
But it was... I have a lot of memories, especially for that era.
And that was the real big thing that really got me started.
I mean, the Magnavox had been great.
And I had been playing it as a gamer.
But I could just, you know, sneak up at 3 a.m.
And play rounds of Space Fury until, you know, it was cross-eyed.
And so, as much as I love, you know, the NES.
Which I really super loved my NES.
And I played the crap ton out of that too.
And my mom would play it.
And I loved my Super Nintendo.
Which I didn't leave the house for, you know, ages.
But the ColecoVision was the one that was like the big game changer for me and my family.
Because it was something that all of us played together.
Which I think was the intention for it.
It wasn't just a kids thing here or a kids thing there.
It was a family thing for us.
And I really think that those were some of the best years for our family at that time.
You know, even though I, you know, got older and started realizing, you know, other things behind the scenes.
But it was a really good time.
We also watched Thriller and then went and played Space Fury.
That's about-
You're so 80s right now.
I can't help it.
Was it totally radical?
Gag me with a spoon.
Did you trade Garbage Pail Kids after?
No, I didn't. Those things gave me nightmares.
Really?
I'm serious. When those came out-
Did you see the movie?
No. No.
But my friends at school all had them.
And I went home and had like nightmares for a solid month.
I couldn't sleep outside of my covers.
Did you have an arm full of jelly bracelets?
Yes, I did.
That was my big thing was jelly bracelets.
I had jelly bracelets and I had the charm necklaces.
You know what I'm talking about, right?
I do. I do.
That was like when I was like super young, like second grade.
We're dating ourselves on this show.
Oh my god. Stop it.
I want to get to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com and some of the answers there.
DarkTatsuya says, I have to go with the NES.
DungeonBuster says, Atari VCS was neat, but the NES was like having an arcade experience at home.
Well, yeah, because the PayChoice 10 or whatever, that was an arcade thing.
sj100matt says, Super Nintendo would probably be for me, but it's so hard to choose just one.
It's like Sophie's choice to choose just one.
It is hard, but that's okay.
If you have one or two answers or like Jamie and have three, that's fine too.
No, technically I had two.
I had ones that were important, but none of them were as significant as the thing.
As a Coleco.
As a ColecoVision.
Which I still have that.
I still have my ColecoVision.
Oh yeah?
I bought another one and my mom found it and gave it to me.
They used to build them indestructible.
Those Atari 2600s?
You can launch them into orbit. They would, you know, land in the ocean.
They threw them in a landfill in New Mexico.
That wasn't the ColecoVision.
You could kill a man with those.
But Atari, those things are pricks.
Well, my friend accidentally dropped Kick to Super Nintendo off the second story balcony onto concrete.
And guess what? It still freaking worked.
Try that with your PS4, yo.
Alright.
Loki, how about you? The most important console for you.
I don't know. I mean, it depends.
There's a lot of different consoles that I've played.
I mean, I don't know.
Obviously, I would be more inclined to go with the earlier ones that I played.
I mean, I started off with the ColecoVision as well.
But I would actually have to say the PlayStation 1.
And the reason for that is because I played a lot of really great games on it.
And it was a system that I had Dance Dance Revolution on.
So, of course, that is pretty important.
But, yeah, I think PlayStation 1, because that kind of got me into the whole, I don't know,
even just playing import games and kind of stuff like that.
Just really getting involved with that portion of it.
You know, it was because of this community, the DDR community.
And when I say this community, I mean all of us that met up playing DDR in Sacramento.
That this show was born of.
It was really because of that community that I even realized import gaming was a thing.
Like, you know, I always read the stories in Electronic Gaming Monthly or whatever.
Did you know Super Mario Bros. 2 in Japan was totally different than what we had?
You know, I remember things like that.
But I never really got to play that stuff until Jamie was like,
I'm going to bring a plug over and you can play import games with it.
And we're going to play a real version of DDR and not USA Mix.
Did I bring over a third mix?
It was either you or the cast of Melrose Place that I used to live with back in the day.
No, I think I brought over a third mix because I had the burn at the time before I got my legit copy.
Yeah, I feel like it was either you or...
Because I got it from George.
Gotcha.
I do remember playing second mix on the Dreamcast at your house
with the dance pads that had the protective sheet for some reason.
And that were more like the slip and die?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Sorry, Loki, not to derail you.
Yeah, I'd say that's probably why.
Because there was a lot of great games that played on that.
You know, Ridge Race R4 was amazing.
You know, Final Fantasy VII.
Just a lot of great gaming experiences.
Sure, I mean, you have that with every console.
And I don't know, I'd say maybe up to like the newest ones now, like PlayStation 4.
And maybe not so much the Xbox 360.
But like a lot of the newer ones, it's just kind of...
There's not really that big like, whoa factor from that.
You know, going from like Super Nintendo.
Nintendo 64 is pretty cool.
But I think like the PlayStation 1, there's a lot of really great games on there.
Some folks in chat talking about what bricks...
I mean, meaning not actual bricks, but like indestructible forces their consoles are.
Kaijuto in chat saying, Intellivisions should be around.
I spilled orange juice in my Atari 2600 and it still worked.
If I let a drop of water in any of the new consoles, it would fry, I bet.
And then Bobby Blackwell was saying, I wish the Intellivisions were indestructible, frown.
I finally have one that works. All others overheated.
Do you realize that they had that issue?
You know, sort of the problem about the Atari 7800 was not...
Or 7800, whatever number.
No, 7800.
Yeah, is that sometimes their power supplies would stop functioning properly.
And they're hard to find some of those power supplies.
The other problems back with the 5200 weren't the consoles themselves, but their controllers.
Those things are bitches.
Maybe all those reasons are why the Intellivisions games always seem to be the first in line when all the retro stuff comes up.
Like, Intellivisions always got something they're putting out.
Like when those flashback consoles...
I saw the Cliccovision flashback when they had that over at the Target over here.
Yeah.
And it...
I have the Intellivisions one, actually.
It was marked down, but it was marked down, like, $40. I'm like, ehhh.
I don't need that.
The 5200s, though, the problem with theirs is that a lot of the buttons would go out on the controller.
Yeah, and actually bmuls in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
But Intellivisions had the shittiest control ever besides the 5200.
The Cliccovision had a pretty awful controller, too.
I want, like, the flashback Dreamcast, or, like, flashback...
You know, we're, like, our more modern...
Give it time. Give it time. Sega?
Sega will milk that nostalgia for all it's worth. Give it a few more years.
Here's another bad one, and Dan, I think, had one of these as a kid with a Fairchild Channel F.
Mmm.
Those sucked.
Or a flashback TurboGrafx-16. I mean, where's that?
Alright, my turn. I have two answers for this, and I really can't decide between the two.
My first for my...
And you gave me a hard time.
I know, I know. My first would be the Commodore 64, which, I guess, technically...
What kind of chip you got in there, a Dorito?
It's technically not a console, but I would argue it is, because...
And it totally counts, because you could hook up a Commodore 64 to your television,
which is part of the reason why I would think in the 80s it was as successful as it was,
because, my God, people, if you think it's crazy today that we have to choose between PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and Wii U,
like, go back to a gaming magazine in the 80s and look at an ad for, like, Donkey Kong or something where it's shown.
Here it is on the ColecoVision, on the Atari, on the Commodore 20...
On the Commodore... I can't say the name right now.
On the Commodore 64, on the TI-99 4A, on the Apple IIe, on the...
I mean, like, you would literally see...
And I remember distinctly one of these ads was, like, 12 different monitors that would show one screenshot from the game on each console.
Somebody's gotta know where one of those retro ads are on the web and can link to it in chat.
But, yeah, it was just fascinating, like, all the stuff that was out there.
So Commodore 64 was always one of them, and my understanding is that Commodore 64s were really huge in Europe.
Like, they were a pretty big deal here in the States, but my understanding is that, usually when I bring up the Commodore 64 retro love here on OLR,
I'm hearing from somebody overseas that's, like, right there with me, because it was an even bigger deal.
It was an even bigger deal over there, and I think probably lasted a lot longer.
And I think the successor, the Amiga, well, one of many successors, I think that one did even better over there than it did over here.
But anyway, my reason is just probably simply because it is one of the first consoles I remember getting my hands on,
even more so than the Atari 2600, because I was always a fan of, and I think why I was always drawn to gaming in the first place,
was that I kind of had control over what was on the television.
Like, it's like, it's this interactive thing that I am doing. I am the actor that's on the screen,
although when I say actor, meaning I am the dot, or the big beady eyes in Haunted House in the 2600 or something.
But the Commodore 64, I think, took that even one step further, because you could write your own programs in Commodore 64 Basic,
which was a huge deal, right? And you used to be able to type in the programs from the back of magazines and all this stuff.
So, that was part of the reason why I loved the 64. And my dad was really into it, too,
and he loved the fact that I was really into Commodore 64, and I probably shouldn't be admitting this on my radio show,
but it's been, what, 30 years? The statute of limitations has long since passed.
He would bring back, like, discs that were from his railroad buddies of, like, all these games that he would get from his pals or whatever,
and, you know, I would just go to town with that and have so much fun playing all that different stuff.
And, you know, we certainly bought a lot ourselves, too. And, yeah, just really great memories with all that.
But then the other answer, honestly, is what is easily the greatest console they ever made anyway, which is the Super Nintendo.
And I just have such fond memories of the Super Nintendo, and I think really being blown away by Mode 7,
which was, like, the big new thing, right, that did, like, the kind of pseudo-3D effects and all that.
You know, if you've played Super Mario World, you've seen a little bit of Mode 7 in that,
but the game that I really remember falling in love with on Super Nintendo was Actraiser.
And, you know how you would, like, you play the little platforming level and go through that whole thing,
and then you have to go into the strategy type of level, the SimCity-esque.
I mean, it's really a bad comparison, but it's the best thing I can think of in the moment.
The SimCity-esque type of level, and when you would, like, go down to the action level,
it did this little thing with the Mode 7, and it went doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo,
and it's like you're falling to the earth, because the whole thing is about, like,
you are basically God going down to save your people, essentially, and then everybody worships you.
So who wouldn't love a game where everybody worships you?
So I think the Super Nintendo just, and plus the library on the Super Nintendo, my God,
I mean, some of the best stuff they ever did put out.
I really think that was just, oh my God, some of the best gaming we've ever had,
and I don't even know if we'll ever be in that state of gaming ever again, I don't know.
Go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Blackwolf, our pal at VOG Network, says,
I learned how to program on the Commodore 64, and it led to my career.
My dad was a raging pirate, the first video game I ever played was pirated by my dad.
He would get the pirated game from the local software store because his friend was the owner.
Hey, Kuratika just came out, won it, gets a copy disk of it, and leaves.
Bmole says, I had a TI-99-4A, I'm still jealous of the Commodore 64.
Let's see, Kaijuto says, Super Nintendo was okay to me.
I think I had like three of them at one point.
Those are some comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
So there you go, there's some answers for you on what the most important consoles were,
not just from us, but from our listeners.
That was a great question, so worthy of starting off our show tonight.
And I have to say something about this at some point.
It was a pretty crazy week out there as far as celebrities and sad news coming again and again.
In fact, right after OLR last week was when the news came out about David Bowie and that he had passed.
And yeah, just a lot of sadness out there, understandably, with so much talent being lost just in the past week
between Bowie and Alan Rickman and just so many great talents that were lost in the past week.
So I'm glad we could start tonight with something a little bit more positive.
I was going to also say happy birthday to Betty White, who turns 94 today.
And you all know we love Betty White here at Orange Lounge Radio.
I just hope she's in a protective plastic bubble somewhere.
That is my hope, and that she's doing very well wherever she's at.
She has to kill other celebrities in order to suck their life force and stay alive.
As long as those other celebrities are like Kardashians or something, I'd be okay with that.
Anyhow, let's get into our gaming week.
So we've talked a lot about retro stuff, but we're going to get into our gaming week
and the type of games that we've been playing this week.
But I do want to say something here before we get into our gaming weeks.
It is a three-day weekend here in the States.
For me, it's a three-day weekend. If you are in certain industries, it's a three-day weekend.
But low cap makes us work.
Let's not forget, though, the achievements of Martin Luther King
and the reason why some of us have Monday off.
But anyhow, we do have a three-day weekend this weekend,
so I thought that was a good excuse to break out some alcohol.
The sludge that I made.
And we're going to do some responsible drinking. Yeah, this is really old.
It's still okay because I've still got some in my fridge.
Yeah, this is like the candy corn stuff you made at Halloween.
This is the candy corn vodka.
All right, so I'm going to apologize now, but I'm going to get a little drunker as tonight's show goes on.
This is going to wear off in 30 minutes.
Not for me. Here we go.
Yay, toast.
Oh, it's still strong. Oh, boy.
Oh, my glass is empty.
Oh, boy.
Oh, I feel that in my nose.
All right. Let's get into our-
It's so good.
Let's get into our games, the type of stuff we've been playing this week.
Darsaga, how was your gaming week?
I make delicious shit there.
Okay, so I've been playing a crap load of Heroes of Dragon Age on iOS.
I actually like it.
I'm playing Ingress more because I met people.
I got recruited, I think.
One of us, one of us.
Oh, is the alcohol burning?
No, I have a bubble in my throat.
Ew.
Okay, now I feel better.
That was a very Ladylike birth that luckily she was a microphone away.
Well, I've let him rip on the thing.
I'm not a lady.
I'm whatever.
All right, so Dragon Age, Ingress, what else?
We had, I forgot.
Oh, yeah, I picked up Omnicron, of course.
But I'm really not going to play it.
I couldn't bring myself to play it, so I didn't.
And, oh, shoot, I got another game, Hexes, something like that.
But I haven't really played it either.
I just really haven't played much of anything because I'm working on a new graphic design project.
So most of it's just been iOS gaming.
Oh, yeah, and I finally started Super Hexagon, but I suck at it and quit.
So I'm done.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Which, by the way, before Loki gets into his week, I just want to point out in our chat over at live.fognetwork.com, thank you.
Fifth Dream found one of those old images that I was talking about.
It's a Qbert ad where you can see it on the Atari 5200, the TI-99, the Atari 800, the Intellivision, the Commodore VIC-20, the Atari 2600, the 64, and the ColecoVision.
So that's eight different screenshots.
The ColecoVision version was great.
Yeah, I mean, they were all pretty good except maybe, I don't know, I don't remember the 2600 version being that great.
But anyway.
The 5200 version was really good.
Anyhow, Loki, how was your gaming week?
So mainly I played Fallout 4, so I'm, I don't know, I'm like pretty far into it now.
And still not doing the storyline quest because, of course, who does the storyline quest?
We know the ending's going to be shit.
And so I just haven't figured out which faction I'm going to, I mean, because I stupidly joined the Minutemen in the beginning of the game.
But then I don't know, like, which quests are going to stick me to be on the Brotherhood of Steel or with the Railroad.
And, I mean, honestly, I don't mind either one.
I kind of was deciding maybe on the Railroad, not necessarily because of the views of the characters and everything,
but because I wanted to destroy the Brotherhood of Steel because they seem to be more of a challenge than the other people.
I don't know, though, yet, so still playing through all the side quests and that.
And then, what else?
Oh, I played, yes, I did back on Kickstarter a while back, that Dragon Cancer, so finally that made its way out.
And I knew kind of what I was getting into, just playing it, and it's an incredibly depressing game.
As, you know, the subject of, you know, parents dealing with a child that has cancer and, you know, spoiler, ends up dying.
Is not exactly, you know, flowers and puppies.
I mean, it's just, it is a very depressing game.
And so, yes, that's what it was.
I bought that game day one just to support it and this whole, you know, we've been very fortunate that we've had a lot of very artistic games coming out in the past couple years
and things that really push the envelope of what is a game.
And so I just wanted to support this game and I do want to play it, but I also know it's going to be an ugly cry.
So I have to be in the right, it's got to be the right night.
It's just hard hearing the recordings of, like, this child and hearing, like, his parents talking and the other, you know, the other brother or whatever.
You know, just hearing them and talking about, you know, going through all that, it's just, like, horrible.
Because, you know, you know what the outcome is going to be, or even if you don't, I mean, it's just, it's just horrible.
The only, if I were to nitpick about it, the only thing I don't like about it, and I understand what their point was, they were trying to make it something for, like, so everybody had a part of it.
It was, like, kind of like a game so that, you know, they could, I don't know, I guess be a part of the game.
So they had, like, people submitting, like, you know, cards and stuff, you know, for their family members that may have died from cancer or, like, other things or pictures and artwork and that kind of stuff.
And so, like, there's a part in the game where you're, like, able to, like, go through the hospital and, like, read some of these cards to their son.
And a lot of them end up being just, like, random cards to, like, other people, like, complete strangers that may have backed it on Kickstarter.
And it just kind of, like, pulled you out of the whole thing.
Interesting, because I've heard, on the other hand, that that scene is very impactful because of the volume and the fact that there are all these other stories about it.
Just another perspective.
I don't know, I just thought, like...
I've heard that that is actually one of the more powerful scenes in the game.
I just thought it was supposed to be, you know, it's more, like, should have been focused on the actual kid, you know, and everything and their family.
And just, like, you know, I can understand, like, if in their room it was all, like, stuff for, like, that kid and everything.
But, like, it was just random cards for, like, people that aren't necessarily a part of their family or anything.
It's just, like, what?
The chat is asking, what game is this again?
This is That Dragon Cancer.
That's the name of the game.
Yes, or you're going to be crying when you play the game.
Basically.
Ugly cries the game?
Ugly cries the game, yes.
Ugly cry.
Ugly cry.
Yeah, it's very depressing, so...
So, yeah.
I'm going to stick with that a lot to me.
Yeah, I got...
I only made it through partway through the game.
It was, like, it was late at night and I was just, like, okay, listen, I'm not going to, like, spend my entire night playing this.
So, I got up to the point where the doctor basically says, oh, there's...
The treatment's not working, so there's more we can do, type of thing.
I was, like, okay, that's what we're stopping for now.
But, yeah, it's pretty bad.
I mean, as far as, like, you know, the feels or whatever.
So, I'll probably finish it.
It's not a very long game, so I'll go through that later on.
And that's pretty much all I played this week.
Okay.
My gaming week.
A lot of similar things to what I've played before.
A little more Minecraft on PlayStation 4 just because, I don't know, just was feeling it.
I even played Just Dance 2016 today a little bit because I bought that, like, weeks ago and I had yet to play it.
So, I finally played that a little bit today.
I don't know if I like the whole unlimited subscription thing online because they really try to kind of force that with...
Like, they show those songs on the song select, but it's, like, oh, but you have to be a member of unlimited to play these songs.
It's kind of...
I mean, you can do a sort that's just the disc songs or whatever, but I don't know, it's just a little...
It's a weird direction for me.
But the game itself is pretty much just like all the other Just Dance games.
So, you already know if you're going to like this game or not, I think.
It's a good workout for me in the privacy of my own home with no one else watching.
That's why I enjoy these type of games.
And I'm happy they do have, like, a workout mode type thing in them.
Another game that is one I've talked about on the show before that I've been playing a lot of this weekend is Diablo III.
Which, you know, that game is years old at this point, but Blizzard's been keeping Diablo pretty fresh with patches every now and then.
They just did a pretty big one that launched Season 5 this weekend.
So, the whole deal is that everybody starts a new character at the same time, essentially, and tries to go for different goals.
And as you go through the season, you can unlock transmog gear, like, you know, just cosmetic-only things.
You can unlock, like, a little pet. Like, there's a little tree pet this season you can get.
Little banners, things like that.
So, I get into the season thing, and it's something Alan and I do together.
So, we actually rolled some new characters.
Or, actually, one of the things they did with this patch is that because, like, everybody's running out of character slots,
what you can do now is you convert one of your existing non-seasonal characters into a seasonal character.
And it resets that character to level 1, and then moves all your gear back into your general character pool.
Because they're meant to be different. You're not supposed to just play a character you've played for years and years in the season.
But they don't want seasons to be a waste, either.
So, at the end of the season, all of your experience dumps into your general pool.
So, I know after the last season, I got, like, easily 200 Paragon points plus in my general pool,
because I had so much that I had accrued on this last season, Season 4.
So, I'm excited to do that again with Season 5, and I'm rolling a Witch Doctor.
I want to do the, funny enough, the Harvester build, which they now give you sets as you play the game.
So, take out a little bit of the randomness of it, but I think it's a good thing.
So, yeah, I'm really enjoying the Diablo patch.
One other thing I had to say about the PC version, because this whole seasons thing I just talked about is not on consoles.
And it's because the fact that the consoles are not online,
and my understanding is there's already cheater players that play online that are, like, Paragon level 11y billion that are just, you know, leveling people to obscene levels.
So, it's already been tainted, basically.
So, the console ones don't get seasons because they're not always online, which I know that was a whole other controversy,
but, you know, here's where we are, and this is part of the perk, I guess, of being always online,
is that they can keep the integrity for the most part of the game.
So, I've been playing a lot of that this weekend.
One other game I played a little bit of today, I just downloaded it today,
and it was based off a recommendation from some Twitter pals of mine that said I should play this.
It's a game called Oxenfree, which just came out.
I've seen the ad for it.
Yeah, it just came out on Xbox One, and it's on PC as well.
And that game, it kind of reminds me of an old PC point and click game,
except that you're controlling the character, and you're participating in these conversations,
and the dialogue flows very different than, like, say, Mass Effect.
You know, I love Mass Effect, but in Mass Effect, the game comes to a halt,
and you choose what your answer's going to be, and then it proceeds.
In this game, you have to kind of choose your answer as the conversation's going.
So, it gives it a lot more of a natural flow to it,
and I think also might cause you to say things that you might not actually say
if you had time to think about it.
So, I think that brings an interesting perspective to it,
and I haven't played an awful lot of the game, but I'm liking what I see so far.
So, I'm going to talk to you more about this game hopefully next week,
but, you know, just about 45 minutes into the game or whatever,
I think it's very interesting, so I'm having a good time with that.
Let's see, over at live.vognetwork.com, looking at some of the comments in chat,
let's see, Kaijuto says,
Diablo 3, is that still a thing?
Notice how the other two hosts get very quiet when Rob talks Diablo 3, lol.
Well, but...
I always play Nickelodeon to me.
I don't have Diablo 3, nor have I played it, so...
I get quiet when, you know, she talks about stuff that I haven't played, or he does, you know, so I realize...
It's respectful silence, but I always play Nickelodeon to me.
You were looking at cat butts in Nickelodeon to me.
They have cute little buttholes!
I just think that's so funny.
No, okay, there's a thing about this.
Things I didn't expect Dark Soccer to say on the show for $200.
There's a thing about this, is that Dan has this shirt,
and it's one of those big dog shirts, right?
And it says, if you're not the leader, this is the view you see, or something,
and it's the big dog's butt, but he has no butthole.
And it always bothered me that the big dog had no butthole.
So, like, what, is he full of shit?
So, I don't know what it is, but seeing the little cat buttholes are...
No, you're not the first person to make that observation about that game, I'm just saying.
I had a friend that had, like, 20 cats, and purposely waited for them to be all turned around
before they took a screenshot, and then posted a status to Facebook that was like,
look at all those buttholes, lol.
The cat buttholes are the best buttholes.
Oh my god, alright, if they didn't unsubscribe when I was singing,
they probably unsubscribed during cat butts, I'm just saying.
No, they agreed with me. We got more subscribers for that, Rob.
Fair enough.
Let's see, also from our chatroom over at live.voguenetwork.com,
Brad from Pot Culture agreeing with you.
That game is crack.
And Alan Alchemy in chat says,
seeing a cat's butthole unintentionally and far more than you'd like
is a universal experience for any cat owner.
Yes.
Especially with Midna.
I think that's true with any cat.
Oh, I have woken up in the morning to see
Alpha feel f-f- across my nose,
and I look up and the first thing I see is Midna's butt.
And I look over and Dan's just laughing in the corner,
I'm like, you did this on purpose.
He'll be like, I did nothing, I just let her in the room.
He's just standing there going better her than me.
He's been cat butted before.
Alright, this is going to a weird place.
We need to, uh, we need to get into some gaming news tonight,
but first some quick housekeeping.
Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And we will not be here live next month
for the weekend of February 21st.
We will not be here.
Due to me being at MAGFest,
which is getting closer and closer,
I booked my plane ticket, I got the hotel, I'm really excited.
So, uh, looking forward to MAGFest.
And thank you SHA100Matt,
started a topic on our forums over at vognetwork.com
to do a little planning.
And of course my first question was,
what if there's a snowmageddon,
like there was in Boston,
just before PAX?
Is there a way I can get around and get to where I need to go?
So, some good tips there from our forums over at vognetwork.com.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news for the week.
Starting off with Loki.
Alright, so there's going to be a fan-made Fallout game,
or not Fallout game, a Half-Life game,
that's going to be coming to Steam soon.
It's actually going to be kind of like an unofficial sequel
to Half-Life Opposing Force.
And they're actually going to be selling it on Steam.
And I guess they've gotten their, um,
basically the approval from Valve.
And I guess it's, you take the role of Adrian Shephard.
And I guess the, this is during the events of Half-Life 2.
And they're going to be selling the game for,
it looks like, $9.99 on Steam.
So, interesting that that's happening.
So maybe that's what it's going to take is, you know,
Half-Life 3 won't be done by, you know, Valve.
It's going to be some other company that's putting it out, I guess.
So this is it, this is Half-Life 3,
or at least the closest you're going to get to it, right?
Well, I don't think this is Half-Life 3,
but it is, like, kind of a neat side story.
This reminds me of, like, that portal stories, Mel,
but at least that game didn't cost anything.
And that was just kind of like a free expansion
that someone made that you can kind of play.
So this thing is going to be something different.
It's a 13-level game that takes place during, like, Half-Life 2.
So that's kind of cool.
All right. By the way, the chatters were telling me
that my audio was cutting out, so I switched microphones.
So if I sound a little different, it's because I'm on a new microphone
and hopefully that sounds a little better.
Anyhow, going to another story about,
remember the Xbox 360 and how broken it was in some places?
Remember when the console came out and it would break itself
and all that hilarity that ensued?
All right, well, anyway, it wasn't just the fact
that the consoles were red-ringing that was an issue,
but there was the case about the disks being scratched way too easy.
There was actually a class-action lawsuit
that was brought by Xbox 360 owners
over the fact that the console would scratch disks.
Yeah, it's because they didn't include, like, padding
at the top of the CD-ROM drive or whatever
to help prevent it from rocking back and forth.
And I also always thought if you ran your Xbox vertical,
it was more prone to this. Is that true?
Well, I mean, I guess it's prone to it if it's vertical
because it can be knocked over, so that's a possibility.
But any time that it would jiggle the disk in there,
because normally a lot of the CD-ROM drives
will have some sort of padding to help keep the disk level
or have some sort of thing to keep the disk in place.
But because it was missing this,
if it got jostled, it would basically push the disk up against the actual laser,
and that would just carve a nice little circle into your disk.
Well, LOL, our legal system, and this thing's been tied up.
I mean, because we're talking about the 360, right?
So you already know this is kind of older news,
but here's how long this has been going on.
So in 2012, a federal judge dismissed the lawsuit,
saying there wasn't enough actual complaints,
basically, to have a class action.
But then in March 2015, that was overturned.
Well, now guess who's getting involved?
The Supreme Court. That's right.
The big ones, the nine that make a lot of big decisions here in this country.
So here's the deal, though.
The Supreme Court is not hearing necessarily the case.
They are just hearing whether or not it can even be heard as a class action lawsuit.
So that is what's happened.
I mean, still, the fact that the Supreme Court is now getting involved in this issue
is kind of fascinating.
So, yeah, these lawsuits go all the way back to 2007.
Then in 2008, there were leaked documents saying that Microsoft knew the 360 had a problem.
And now the Supreme Court is going to basically see if a class action lawsuit is even possible in this case,
which, I mean, if they even come back and say, yes, they can proceed with a class action lawsuit,
there's going to be another two or three years before we hear anything.
And then that's when everybody will get a little postcard in the mail,
did you buy an Xbox 360 between this date and this date?
How many?
Send in a postcard and get your $5 or Microsoft has agreed to give you a free copy of Halo 3 for, you know.
How many copies can I redeem? Because I had like 12 systems at one time.
That's right. You had a ton of Xbox 360s.
I did. I bought a ton of them.
You did.
I think I only have two now.
So we'll see what happens with the Supreme Court.
But that, I mean, don't expect that ruling till, what, summer?
It's going to be a while.
All right. Anyhow, moving on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, I kind of made a mention of this before since it's one of the games I picked up.
But you can get a free game thanks to Square in honor of David Bowie's passing is Omikron is there for free.
They had put a link up on the Square Enix Twitter for the US or the European editions of the game.
You have to sign up for an account on Square, which I already had one.
But, yeah, you just put in Omikron as the code and you get Omikron the Nomad Zill for free.
I think that's a nice gesture.
That's a very nice gesture.
I don't think-
And it's got original music in it.
To be fair, I don't think that game really was huge, you know, but that was the thing about Bowie.
Bowie was very experimental and he was on a lot of the tech waves really early.
Do you remember Bowie Net? He had his own Internet service provider for a while.
You could. Yeah. I mean, that was he was really ahead of the curve with a lot of technology things.
And he called the Internet destroying the music industry like way before the music industry was going to admit to it.
You know what I mean? When I say destroying, just the whole shifting with the streaming and everything.
Bowie was really tuned into that. So, you know.
But at any rate, though, it does have I mean, he's in the game.
And instead of just using his old music, he made new music for the game.
That's awesome.
So, yeah, worth the free purchase.
Also, it gives you a Steam key so it's not through any of Square's proprietary delivery systems.
Cool. I will have to check that out. I've not taken advantage of that yet, but I would like to. I'll check that out.
I believe you have until the 22nd.
OK, so I have a little more time just to hear the new songs, if nothing else.
OK, I know it's not directly related to gaming, but since the man was an artist and so well-respected by many, I have to ask everybody.
Favorite Bowie song?
Dar Sakra. Favorite David Bowie song?
Moonage Daydream.
Why?
Just.
It's just I don't really know. It's just one of my favorites.
You know, it's got that sort of, you know, the 70s space rock era, you know, like what?
Well, I mean, if you want to look at other people who've done like that space rock thing,
Lemmy did it with his band before Motorhead, which I can't now remember the name of the group to save my life.
But it was just one of those. It's driving yet.
It's kind of mellow. It's both at the same time.
And it's seriously. And I about squealed when I heard it in Guardians of the Galaxy.
I was like, oh, my God, it's Moonage Daydream.
And I honestly, in fact, I honestly think it's a better song than Space Oddity, but it's on the same album.
Sure. But yeah, it's it's seriously one of my favorites.
If I was going to have to pick a second.
I would probably pick As the World Falls Down.
My favorite would be and this is going to sound a little strange.
I'm picking something that goes, I think, against the grain a little bit.
But my favorite is I'm Afraid of Americans.
Well, because I really like learn to appreciate.
I mean, I liked Bowie's, you know, gender fuck of the 70s phase and all that stuff.
But I really grew to appreciate him during the industrial music phase and Earthling.
And that whole album was really, I think, underrated.
And let's not forget that I'm Afraid of Americans was originally on the Showgirls soundtrack.
Truth as a true story. So it's it's in the movie.
And but anyway, actually, my love of that song really didn't have to do with that.
It's just another plus. But fun fact, you know, I've been doing Internet radio even before Orange Lawns Radio.
I was co-hosting with Travis Donovan on Understation Live.
And before that, I was doing stuff at the university and we were online on Real Audio back in the day.
And I remember when Earthling came out, I would play a track from that album every other week.
Easy. And it was, you know, my favorite ones were that and Little Wonder, you know.
So, yeah, I that was probably my favorite Bowie song.
But I mean, certainly there's a lot that I love.
Loki? Favorite Bowie song?
I don't know. Probably their heroes or Let's Dance.
I don't know.
Let's Dance is a good one. That's a classic.
And that's the DDR one. Let's Dance is in DDR.
One of the newer ones. So there you go.
All right. Anyhow, good memories. Good memories.
Let's move on, though, with more gaming.
I have to say, AkumaJP also did nail Under Pressure.
Just makes me think that he's he and Freddie Mercury are pulling off a big Galaxy concert.
I and I think that's a fantastic point.
I would have said that song. However, I do consider that at its core a Queen song because it was Queen featuring David Bowie.
But I mean, not to diminish that song by any means, because that is a one of the all time greatest.
One thing to point out. Last thing, if you don't mind.
Yeah, sure.
Is that David Bowie also was kind of genre bending as well.
I mean, if you want to look back, you know, years, he did Little Drummer Boy with Bing Crosby.
Why do you think Madonna was so affected? Because Madonna said a lot about David Bowie's passing.
And why do you think she was so affected? He was doing it before she was.
Yeah.
Which I know she gets a lot of credit for always, you know, shape shifting and changing things.
Bowie was doing it before she did. Not to not to diminish Madonna's accomplishments, of which there are many.
But, you know, Bowie did it first.
And he stayed looking amazing without, well, it probably did have some surgery.
He probably had a little surgery, but.
But I would almost say you run into almost any artist and they would say that he probably was a shaping factor in their life.
I know he was for mine. So.
Oh, wow. Excellent point by Alan Alchemy in our chat room over at live.fognetwork.com.
Let's Dance was in Elite Beat Agents.
And so that was definitely a way a lot of us music game fans got exposed to that song was Elite Beat Agents.
God, that game was so good. Why? Why couldn't there have been another one?
I mean, I know there were two in Japan, but it's not it's just different.
Man, now I'm really in a bad mood.
All right. Let's see if our next news story can perk me back up.
Loki.
So this, you know, I'd say 2015 is probably, you know, you know, big year for remakes and announcements like of that sort.
Well, here's one I never thought I'd see a remake on.
You may remember this as a mini game part of Penn and Teller Smoke and Mirrors, but the probably the one that most people remember is Desert Bus.
You know, the real life simulation of driving a bus across the desert.
Well, it also comes back into gaming culture every year with the Desert Bus Marathon.
Yeah, they do different marathons and stuff like that.
So apparently they are going to be remaking Desert Bus into a VR game.
Yes, that's right. So why?
Penn Gillette basically said, you know, during like one of his podcasts that he's working on the game.
He's working with Randy Pitchford and we're going to do and this is a big, big deal.
We're going to do a new Desert Bus. It's going to be just for charities.
So charities can use it to raise money and it's going to be in VR.
I OK. I'm going to ask a challenging question and I don't mean to sound like a dick.
However, is that really I mean, if you do something to kind of force like it's for charity,
like the Desert Bus thing was something that happened really naturally.
And you know what I mean? So to kind of like, oh, we're going to make this VR thing.
And it's it's just for that. Like it's kind of like trying to force lightning to strike a second time.
Does that make sense? That makes sense. Like I just I don't want.
I don't really understand what would be the point. I mean, so it's in VR.
It'd still be boring. I mean, it's just like what? And I can look around.
Well, I think I think for the hilarity of it and the novelty of that, I'm it's not going to.
I'm kind of surprised no one's done it already.
It's not going to be that difficult of a game to make in VR. I'm sure it depends.
It depends how nice they choose to make it. I mean, they could put more scenery in it.
I don't know what they're going to actually do with it. So it kind of depends how far they go with that.
But I just then when I hear like we're doing it just for the charity and do all these charity events and stuff,
it's like I don't I don't want to hate on charities because, of course, anything that is for charities is a good thing.
But I just feel like don't don't force it. Let it let these things kind of become a meme or whatever naturally.
You know, I mean, I don't know. That's just kind of my my thoughts on it.
No one asked you to do this. Yeah, sort of. I know. But then I'm like, OK, well, if they're just going to remake it for the lols,
and I'm sure it's not going to take a tremendous amount of effort in this day and age, then do it.
It'll be funny. And then maybe, yeah, maybe Desert Bus will do one of the trips in VR or something,
or they'll incorporate it into their charity drive. But, you know,
Kaijuto in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, Sometimes when a game is that good, one is all you need.
SG100Matt says, I'm sure he was thinking about remaking the game because of the charity marathons,
but VR came along, so he's making it for that. Well, if that's if I'm misinterpreting the quote, then that's fine.
I mean, if the charity thing inspired him to remake the game, then OK, cool.
That's great that, you know, a good cause could bring that game as awful as it is back into the limelight.
So anyway. All right, let's move on to another story that has a lot of people talking this week,
and it has to do with Twilight Princess. That's right.
The big, big game from the GameCube and the Wii launch title coming back for the Wii U.
And some more information came out in Famitsu on The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess HD.
However, there wasn't a lot of new information in the Famitsu article, just some pretty pictures.
But some sharp-eyed folks notice a few changes from the original game.
Some notice that there are 12 spaces in the tiers of light gauge.
But in the GameCube and Wii versions, there were 16 tiers of light.
So maybe they've changed some of those collection sort of quests.
And then also, rupees. You can only carry 1,000 in the original,
but based on a screenshot, it looks like you can carry up to 2,000.
So you won't get any more of the message that says,
It won't fit in your wallet, so let's put it back.
Now, something else, though, that has a little more controversy attached to it
is the fact that there is, of course, the amiibo that we knew was coming with Twilight Princess HD.
But based on an Amazon France product listing, apparently there is an amiibo-specific dungeon.
So, they say other amiibo can regenerate your life or allow you to gain arrows.
But apparently, this official amiibo with the Twilight Princess, Wolf Link, and Midna,
that is something that is going to actually have a dungeon locked behind it.
And the dungeon, I guess, has been translated to the Twilight Cave.
Of course, Amazon France has pulled the listing down since then.
But, what do you guys think?
There could be an entire dungeon locked behind amiibo.
A new dungeon, but locked behind amiibo, nonetheless.
You know, I still don't like this practice.
I mean, I understand.
To me, it feels like they're not sure what to do yet with these amiibos as far as integrating them in games.
I think good examples of how they integrated them, like Mario Maker, even unlocking the skins is kind of cool.
Even Smash Brothers, Super Mario Kart 8, that type of thing.
But, what they did with Shovel Knight and with this, where they're locking a big portion of the game behind DLC, it's ridiculous.
I mean, especially, let's just say, okay, I decide that I want to purchase this digitally.
I'm fucked because I didn't go buy your stupid amiibo pack that you put out at launch or something like that.
I mean, what's the point?
Like, these enhancements, you know, it's basically DLC.
And the fact that they're announcing it with the game launch, it's like, oh hey, by the way, there's this extra DLC in there.
You don't do that.
Okay, not to totally disagree with you, because I don't.
But, to be Devil's Advocate, I seem to remember last week on the show, you were saying that amiibo don't do enough.
So now, here's an example where, well, the amiibo's going to give you an entire extra dungeon in the game.
So isn't that amiibo doing more?
No, it's not amiibo giving you an entire extra dungeon.
It's an extra dungeon that they made and locked behind a wall that you have to purchase something to unlock it, is what it is.
It's not extra content.
It's stuff that they built for this, so you have to buy the figure to unlock it.
Is this back to the, what game was it? Was it Street Fighter X Tekken or whatever?
Where all the characters were on the disc already, but they were just locked behind the Xbox 360?
Well, yeah, it's a lot of those different types of Capcom games that did that.
And also, that was, yeah, I think it was Street Fighter X Tekken, or was it maybe Marvel versus Capcom 3 or something like that?
I don't remember, but a bunch of those have done that.
And it's just that stuff that you would think that if the amiibos haven't been around, they would have just had that out available anyways.
And now they're just making, they're almost making an excuse for this amiibo to basically exist.
Like, I understand the fact that you get power-ups and stuff from using the other amiibos, that's kind of cool, I guess.
But it's not like, you know, unlocking, like I think for example, Splatoon, I think that those amiibos should unlock costumes or something for your characters.
Something that seems a little bit more meaningful, not just, oh, we're creating a specific part of the game that we're going to lock behind something.
See? Amiibos do stuff now! That's not an excuse. That's just crap.
I think the blow would be softened a lot if they had like five new dungeons and one of them was behind this amiibo or what have you.
Or, you know, the dungeon that it unlocks is not that big a deal type of thing, like it's just like a little room.
Well yeah, exactly, and even not necessarily the doggone Twilight Princess, but like, Shovel Knight.
You locked, you locked co-op behind the fucking amiibo. Come on!
That's ridiculous. That's just a feature of the game.
And you're just like, oh, fuck it, we're going to lock it behind that.
Uh, yeah, I don't know. I, you know, I guess it might be a reason for them to charge.
It's kind of like a way to force you to get the amiibo, whether you want it or not.
Let's just look at it this way. I understand that the amiibo is something, but let's just pretend that the amiibo is completely out of the play and stuff like that and it's a dungeon.
So basically, if Twilight Princess HD was to come out and then they had DLC for one additional dungeon for $12.99, wouldn't that seem fucking ridiculous?
I would think that's fucking ridiculous. That I'm paying $13 for a fucking dungeon? One dungeon? That's better be fucking amazing.
Are you paying it for the dungeon, or are you paying it for the figure?
Whatever.
Because for me, I like the figures.
Yeah, I understand you like the figures, but that kind of excuse allows them to do this kind of crap.
True. I sort of feel like this is also how they're going to justify a $60 price tag for a years old game.
And I don't know if that's the price, I mean, is that what they're charging for at 60 bucks?
If they're not.
With the amiibo?
Probably with the amiibo.
Because that's how they would say, oh, here's a years old game, but you get the amiibo so we can pay the, or make you pay the full retail price.
Basically, I just have a weird feeling that might be how they're justifying it during what is otherwise somewhat of a slow release period.
I just don't think that they've really used those meterfully yet.
When Star Fox again?
I don't know. But like, the amiibos, I mean, they're cool as figures, and that's fine if they wanted to sell those figures, but as far as interacting with the different games, I'm just not feeling it.
I'm not feeling like that they do.
That's why I haven't purchased any, aside from the one I got, you know, from Akuma JP, and the one that I got from, you know, having Mario Maker.
I haven't felt the need to purchase any, and it's because they don't do anything.
They don't seem, like, there's no incentive for me to purchase this.
Alright, well speaking of Akuma JP, he presents another perspective in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, saying,
How about a thank you present for those who bought the amiibo?
Mmm, I get that angle, but it's sort of ruined a little bit when the game is being bundled with the amiibo, and that's probably going to be the primary way most people buy it.
So, I don't know. I don't know. I'm not sure how I feel about this.
I think it might be a bit much, but at the same time, we don't know the extent of the dungeon, we don't know what other bonus content might be in the game.
I still feel like there's other factors to weigh before I'm totally willing to say Nintendo's being really mean with this, but what I'm hearing so far isn't incredibly encouraging.
But I'll still get the amiibo because I like the figures, and that one in particular looks awesome.
There's some cool integration of amiibo figures, like imagine the Twilight Princess amiibo unlocks a character in the new Legend of Zelda game.
That is a cool integration with the amiibos, not unlocking a dungeon behind something.
It's basically something that you don't necessarily need, and we can argue that the extra dungeon is not necessarily something you don't need, it's not taking away from the original game experience.
I think unlocking an optional character to play as is-
Cosmetic, yes. Content, no. That's basically what you're saying.
Exactly.
I don't know, I would think another character is a pretty big deal, but if the character is just a reskin of Link, then I guess that's just cosmetic, if nothing else.
Ooh, give me an amiibo where I can play as Linkle.
I was just thinking that.
I would totally buy that if you let me play Linkle in Twilight Princess, although something tells me that would just completely fuck up the core game.
But still, I can dream. Damn it, I can dream.
Alright, let's move on though. We have more gaming news, we want to get to release dates as well, but first, Dark Sakura.
Activision got sued again, this time over another real-life depiction in Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
Basically, Manuel Noriega, who was the former dictator of Panama, sued Activision for using his image in Call of Duty Black Ops 2.
The quote is, for blatant misuse, unlawful exploitation, and misappropriation for economic gain.
They previously did this with the Angolan rebel chief, Jonas Savimbi, and his family, suing them over the way he appeared in the game.
That basically, they're trying to sue for, I guess, misrepresentation overall. But yeah, Activision is getting nailed.
I don't think, it's just a money grab. I mean, honestly, the guy wasn't depicted that badly. He was on the good side of everything, and you just kind of partner up with him.
Whereas the other guy, the other lawsuit that they had was, he was just like this dictator warlord guy who killed a bunch of people, and they didn't like the fact that they depicted him as-
This is who was portrayed as a barbarian.
He killed people, but I mean, everybody was killing people in that scene in the game. I mean, I don't think it was necessarily- I think they're just trying to grab at money, to be honest.
But the other one was even more ridiculous, because the guy was a dictator who killed people, and that's how they depicted him.
But his family is not going to see him that way. But still, whatever. Either way, Activision is going to be back in court over it.
Well, somebody's always in court over something. There's always a lawsuit story on this show every week.
Alright, let's get to some release dates. Travel around the world and check out what's coming out in a gaming store near you. Are we getting back into releases again, Loki?
Yeah, a little bit. There's not a whole tonk about it this week, though. So this week we've got the Resident Evil Origins Collection. That's going to be out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Also, Life is Strange. They're going to be doing a disc version of that for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, including a limited edition. And that's it.
Alright, traveling to Japan. We're getting back into some releases again on the 21st. The Biohazard Origins Collection, obviously, that's the same thing as Resident Evil over here.
That comes out in Japan on January 21st on the PlayStation 4. Ryu Ga Gotoku Kiwami comes out as well on the PlayStation 4.
And Zombie gets its Japanese release. A little retail release there on the PlayStation 4 on the 21st as well.
Of course, that being the PlayStation version of Zombie Yu. Speaking of the Yu over on the Wii U, nothing this week, sorry.
But Mario Tennis Ultra Smash is the next release you have to look forward to on the 28th, so next week.
The Vita's still trucking, though, and I always love the title of this series. Muv Luv comes out on the PlayStation Vita this week.
Muv Luv is out in also an alternative and a double pack, whatever that means. So if you want your alternative Muv Luvin, you can do that on the PlayStation Vita this week.
You just would have to import that. And lastly on the 3DS this week, Zelda Musou Hyrule All-Stars. That's right, Hyrule Warriors on the 3DS in Japan this week.
There is also a special 3DS LL, which is their version of the XL, a special Hyrule edition that's out this week in Japan.
So some people, I think, with Japanese 3DSs might be importing that one. I'm not sure. How about the UK? Sorry, Sakura.
A boy is Bob. That is really it. Oh, no. Hardware Shitbreakers for PC.
What? There's a game with the word shit in it?
Ship!
Oh, ship? I thought you said hardware shitbreakers. I was like, break shit.
Oh, Rob.
The sounds of broken glass.
Special precious.
Am I the only one that thought she said shit?
Summer child.
Maybe it's because I've been drinking.
Maybe I'm saying shit because I was actually reading a live tweet of a Trump rally.
Talk about bullshit.
I really was. It's actually kind of hilarious and sad.
Alright, is that it for the UK?
Yeah, that's it for the UK.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week. Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of disappointing, but Rockstar is kind of a big guy behind the Grand Theft Auto series.
Leslie Benzies has actually departed the studio after an extended sabbatical.
He's been with the company for 17 years. He joined Rockstar North in 1999, back when it was DMA Designs.
And he went on to produce Grand Theft Auto 3, and of course, just recently, Grand Theft Auto 5.
He also had a little bit to do with the Red Dead Redemption and Manhunt games.
So, it'd be interesting to see kind of how the series goes from here, but definitely something that was more influential behind it.
You know, we had a pretty big departure from Valve last week, too. There's a lot of moving and shaking going on, isn't there?
Yeah, definitely.
Crazy.
Alright, well, last week we were talking about anniversaries and gaming a little bit.
Some of you were very mad at me for some of those anniversaries I was reading.
But I do have an update on Pokmon and the 20th anniversary of Pokmon that's happening this year.
So there was some more updates from Nintendo this week on some of the ways they plan to celebrate.
For example, there's going to be a new ad during Super Bowl 50, which is coming up.
I guess a Pokmon-based ad, that's kind of cool, where they want people to share Pokmon memories on Twitter and all that good stuff.
And I guess there is a Pokmon Day, which will be February 27th, and there will be special events at retail locations around the country.
There's more information at Pokmon.com slash 20, and some of this is going to include monthly mythical Pokmon distributions.
I guess there's a Pokmon Photo Booth app that's going to be happening, so lots of interesting stuff.
Also, of course, Pokken Tournament coming out for the Wii U, that I know that was dated for March this week.
And then there's also, I want to say, there should be the new 3DS, right? There's a new 3DS bundle that will have Pokmon Red and Blue pre-installed on it.
And that's coming out also on February 27th, so that's kind of cool.
But there's also a 2DS, I think, that's coming out to celebrate the anniversary as well.
So lots of ways to celebrate the Pokmon. I bet there will be a new game this winter.
Although, with Pokmon Go, maybe that's kind of what they're using to keep Pokmon going right now.
But I would, if we haven't gotten an update on Pokmon Go by February 27th, or whatever that day is, something's wrong.
Because I would think that would be a great day for the beta of Pokmon Go to begin. Just saying. Just saying.
Alright, well let's travel to a much simpler time in gaming.
We weren't celebrating 20 year anniversaries of anything, except maybe Pong.
Because they're just, gaming was still a new industry, it was still a baby.
Dark Sakura's going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys need to play and respect this game this week.
We can find someone that'll run it.
Alright, well Dark Sakura, here it is, the classic game of the week. What did you choose for our listeners tonight?
I picked the first adventure game that Lucasfilm ever did. Labyrinth, the computer game.
Ah, I'm assuming a little bit of a tribute to Bowie.
Indeed.
Now the music in this is very minimal, just so you guys know.
It came out in 1986. It was developed by Lucasfilm Games and published by Activision.
It was indeed based on the movie. You basically have to navigate a maze while solving puzzles and evading antagonists in danger.
You have to find and defeat Jareth within 13 real time hours.
It doesn't have any command line interface, instead you have a scrolling word wheel that you use to do your sentences.
So this one, that whole design of the scroll wheel was invented by the designer David Fox.
Who wanted to avoid text parsers and syntax guessing that was a problem in text based adventure games.
So he actually worked with Douglas Adams, as in Hitchhiker's Guide.
And this is sort of the design that came out of it.
And it influenced, actually this game itself was an influence for Maniac Mansion down the line.
So basically you've got, when you enter in your name, your gender, and your favorite color.
The last two fields determine what your character looks like.
And then you play through the game. So it really is like that.
It was, for its time, pretty ahead of the curve.
And on top of that, it was very, very well received when it came out.
And they felt, they weren't really pressured to reuse certain things from the movie.
But they felt obligated to use the source material.
And were able though to adapt the source to an adventure.
So it really was just a big innovation in development.
It came out for Commodore 64, Apple II, and the MSX.
It was pretty successful. In fact it was more successful than the film was at the time.
It was actually even called a superb game by Commodore User Magazine.
And Computer Gaming World said that it was a very well done game and an excellent user interface.
So it did leave a pretty decent legacy.
I mean, it influenced the mechanics for Maniac Mansion.
And the SCUMM engine that was made for Maniac Mansion, that of course has been used for so many other games.
The word wheels were sort of a predecessor of the whole point and click interface.
And the designer, the artist for the game, Labyrinth, did the production for Maniac Mansion.
So, if not really for this game, we might not have had Maniac Mansion.
So, probably...
Yeah, you can see a lot of similarities just in the graphical style to Maniac Mansion just in this game.
Which I have to admit, I never played when it was first out.
But I'm surprised I never did. This game looks pretty awesome for its time.
Yeah, and now people are saying that it wasn't a real classic.
But honestly enough, you sort of have to look at the precursors and appreciate it as the classic that it is.
Sure.
That's really all I have to say about it.
Awesome. Well, some of our chatters over at... Oh, look at that. It's like she's in a mosh pit right now.
She's being carried by all the hands.
Yeah, the wall of hands.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, over at live.vognetwork.com, DungeonBuster says,
One cool thing it did was it started off as a text adventure.
And then when Jareth pulled you into the world, it blew up with color graphics.
Yeah, there is that too.
It's kind of a Wizard of Oz thing to it.
DungeonBuster says, as a side note, the Maniac Mansion guys are working on a new Maniac Mansion-like game called Thimbleweed Park.
Which had a successful Kickstarter.
And Dark Tetsuya pointing out, I was just watching video of the MSX version. It looked neat.
So yeah, this is out on a variety of consoles, as we were talking about earlier in the show.
Games in the 80s came out everywhere.
So.
Alright, there it is. Your classic game of the week.
Labyrinth.
Influenced by the film starring the late, great David Bowie.
Alright, that is going to do it for the first half of our show.
But don't go anywhere, guys. We have plenty more show to come.
We're going to take a quick break first, though.
And when we come back, we're going to do the rapid-
Excuse me. Yeah, rapid fire news.
We're also going to get into the foogle question of the week.
We'll also get into what other news is going on.
We're going to have an update on Awesome Games Done Quick.
We talked a little bit about that last week.
We have some other information this week about how that all went down.
We're also going to talk a little bit about a game on the Wii U that will use all of your amiibo.
When we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight with episode number 628, January the 17th of 2016.
You know, I didn't say anything about this at the top of the show.
But it's raining a lot in Sacramento right now, which we need it.
We need it. We really, you know, you've heard all the stories about the drought.
But, I mean, I think that what we're getting right now is supposed to be a pretty big storm.
At least for California measures, a pretty big storm.
So, I forgot to get that disclaimer at the top of the show.
Knock on wood, everything's holding up so far.
But, like, my cable was out.
It was Friday night because that was the night the Diablo season got started.
We couldn't play, so I was mad because we got a late start.
But whatever, timing isn't that important.
But it's nice to have a roof over your head in running water.
It is nice to have a roof over my head in running water.
But when I check in on the Comcast app and it says, the internet will be up by 10pm.
And then it's 10pm. I check it again.
What day was it again?
1am. It was Friday night.
Eh, their internet service has been real shit.
And so, like, I can never tell if it's my stuff or their stuff that's messed up.
And, like, sometimes I'll do a speed test and it just won't do anything.
Or sometimes it'll be just fine.
I'm like, it's super slow. Like, it's not loading an image on this page.
I also consider myself somewhat reasonable.
Like, I understand during a storm there's probably going to be some type of outages.
Why? It's all underground.
Well, it seems like it doesn't, somehow the water leaks in or something, I don't know.
Because it seems like every time there's a storm, that's when something goes wrong.
But anyway, so far, so good tonight, knock on wood.
But live listeners, if we suddenly disappear and don't come back, you can blame that storm.
I, of course, I always have, like, Bobby or...
It's not windy, though.
Somebody on the vog side, I can text if something really bad happens.
Usually it's the wind that would cause anything to be interrupted.
But it's not windy outside right now.
Not yet. I thought it was supposed to be.
The other day it was.
I think it's supposed to be worse up the hill a little bit.
Where we are in the valley, it's not so bad. But anyway.
Apparently power's out in the Thomas right now.
Is it really?
Oh, sorry, that was two hours ago. Not bad.
Well, knock on wood, because that's not that far away.
Well, yeah. But...
All right. Well, anyhow, we're gonna do our best and try to get back into some more.
AkumaJP in chat says, wow, snowstorm here, too.
Again, I heard it's snowing back on the East Coast, too.
You know, and again, I'm just saying, it's a big storm by California measures.
And our infrastructure's only built to hold so much.
If we had the type of snowstorm that happened back East, shit, the city would be...
The city would be shut down for a week.
State of emergency.
Yeah. Remember that storm of the century we were supposed to get last year?
It's crazy.
When?
Anyway. Yeah, right? It, like, never happened.
They kept saying, it's gonna be the biggest storm that's ever hit Sacramento. Oh, my God.
It really didn't happen.
Anyway, you guys don't care about the weather. You do care about video game news.
Let's get back into some rapid-fire news. Loki.
All right, so John Romero decided to slum it a little bit and create a new level for Doom.
And so he has a brand-new level that you can actually check out.
They even have a link on Dropbox for it.
Just look, I'm sorry, if you do a Google search, you'll be able to find it.
It's, I guess, an interpretation of the level from Episode 1, Map 8, Phobos Anomaly.
And so, I don't know, he created something new. Cool.
I guess check it out. Free.
Also, Earth Defense Force 4.1, the game that I bought accidentally because I thought someone was gonna play with me.
But that didn't end up happening.
Oh, come on. It's Earth Defense Force.
It's okay. I'm not as into it as I was 2017 or Instant Garmageddon, but it's all right.
But I can download this level pack that's got 26 new levels for $10.
And they also have a second pack that's gonna be coming out later on.
Their DLC is really expensive and it's not that great, but let me check out the level pack.
New levels are kinda cool.
So that'll be coming out next week.
And in Fallout 4 is gonna be getting some updates soon.
1.3, which is now in beta on Steam.
And some of the fixes for that, one of the things is it fixes MacCready's killshot perk, which calculates headshot percentages properly.
Before, it was supposed to add 20% to, I think, the amount that it calculates for headshots.
So 20% better than what you normally get.
I think currently what the game is set at is it's 2000%.
So you pretty much always get a headshot.
He's my next companion and I'm gonna max out so I can get that ridiculous perk.
Also, they are fixing some issues with the workshop, being able to snap pieces together a little bit better.
There's an issue where you could become dismembered while still alive.
And also, they're gonna be doing some fixes for ambient inclusion settings, some new debris effects if you have an Nvidia card, and general memory and stability improvements.
And you were telling me before the show tonight, I have to get Fallout 4.
You do, it's fun. It's very Skyrim-ish.
Well, and that's honestly more than, I mean, don't get me wrong, I do need to play Fallout 4 at some point, you know, because I usually am into those types of games, at least for a little bit.
But Alan is really the one that really gets into it.
Yeah, does he have it yet?
He doesn't because he's, I think he, like this is the first week in a while where I don't think I've seen him playing much Skyrim.
I don't know if he finally beat every piece of content or what happened.
Oh, no he's not. It's impossible to do that.
Well, you know, besides the randomly generated stuff or whatever.
Well, then I'm talking about like with all the mods and stuff.
Yeah, it's true.
Yeah, it's impossible.
Or I don't know if it's because maybe Diablo 3 kind of brought him back or whatever, but he was going to wait on Fallout 4 until some of that mod stuff was really up to speed.
So I think he's going to wait a little longer.
I think he was, his thing was he was waiting for like the actual official mod tools to come out and that type of thing.
That'll help too, for sure.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on. I've got some stories as well.
Let's talk about a new Mario Maker costume.
They're still coming and this one's pretty cool. It's a Daisy costume.
A Daisy costume was released in Super Mario Maker this week.
I actually did pick it up and yeah, I love that this game is still pumping out all these different costumes.
It's pretty cool.
So yeah, you can check out Daisy and she is available now in the game.
Of course, you have to play one of these special stage levels in order to unlock her.
She's not, you don't have to pay 99 cents or anything like that.
Just go into the courses and look at the event courses and she's there, along with a lot of other stuff we've talked about in recent weeks.
Are you a fan of Yokai Watch?
Well, guess what? A new game on the Nintendo 3DS for Yokai Watch is coming out on April 2nd in Japan.
Yokai Watch Three Kingdoms is coming out in Japan on April 2nd.
This game is a collaboration with Koei Tecmo.
If you purchase the game in Japan, you will get a Commander Legendary Medal for Komasan.
The first print run of the game also has a figure strap for Komasan.
And if you get the digital version instead, you get a Bucinyan that joins you in the game as a partner.
So I'm sure, actually it seems like Yokai Watch is doing pretty decent over here.
I see a lot of the stuff at Toys R Us for it.
I know some kids that are kind of getting into it, so it seems like Yokai Watch is doing pretty well over here.
But my understanding in Japan, it's really big.
So I know they're very excited, I'm sure, about this game, Yokai Watch Three Kingdoms.
Also, a follow-up to something we were talking about last week.
Remember we talked last week on the show about the trademark that Sony was trying to get for Let's Play?
Well, there was a lawyer who runs this website. It's Ryan Morris on Law.
Oh yeah, the game lawyer guy.
Yeah, the game lawyer guy. He actually wrote this whole thing about how this is a lot worse than people were making it sound last week.
And basically saying that the application has only been blocked.
It wasn't denied, it was just blocked because it was similar to a registered trademark.
But they have not refused or denied the application.
And so what will happen here, he goes on to say,
If SCEA tries to circumvent the current office action holding it up, many attorneys, including myself, will oppose it.
I'm not worried about SCEA ever being granted this mark.
What I am worried about is the application itself.
It shows someone at SCEA in charge of filing trademarks does not understand the gaming industry at all.
And this was a sketchy, in my opinion, attempt to control a hugely popular genre of entertainment.
You can read more on this guy's website. That's all an excerpt from his website, ryanmorrisonlaw.com.
Let's go to a few more. DarkSakura.
I was just absolutely transfixed by this one GTA mod.
It's the Lemmy mod. The Lemmy Tribute GTA 5 mod.
Where you can play as Lemmy from Motorhead.
Basically, what he can do in there is that he can smoke.
He can drink. He can spawn hookers.
He has his motorcycle. He has a guitar. He can play.
Yeah, it's just pretty awesome.
That might make me play GTA 5 if I can play as Lemmy.
Also, and I watched this when it came out because I'm a big fan of Man at Arms and Man at Arms Reforged.
In fact, I got into their little fan community group that is run by one of the guys there on Facebook.
Really, really cool people.
But they made Pyramid Head's Great Knife.
Except they didn't do the Silent Hill 2 Great Knife.
They did the Boogeyman Blade from Silent Hill Homecoming.
That basically looks like a ginormous combat knife.
Which I would have preferred the Silent Hill 2 one.
But this one, I can see, they explained why they went with it.
They showed some of the different models.
They have a functioning ginormous great knife that was tearing shit apart.
It was pretty cool.
Actually, my favorite thing is that they've done a lot of video game blades.
They've done Link's Shield. They've done the Master Sword.
They've done the key blades.
They've done both the first key blade and the Oathbreaker.
They've also done, my favorite one that they did is the Scissor Sword from Kill la Kill.
Where they melted scissors to make the blade.
That was pretty cool.
Wow.
Yeah, some of these, this one was done out of, I believe it was done on a train track.
Just slag train track and forged.
They've done Sephiroth's Katana.
They've done Katana's blades.
Instead of Katana, yeah anyway.
But they did her fans.
Her fan blades?
Yeah.
So they've done a lot of really cool stuff.
And the more that you request something, the better chance there is.
I wanna say a functioning gun blade.
They've done a gun blade.
It doesn't shoot, however, it will...
However it would be questioned at airport security.
But they've actually done, in fact, they worked with, there's another one, the fan builds people.
They worked to make a wedding gift that was an ultra head knife block.
And all of the knives are, there was Auron's Katana.
There was Sephiroth's Katana.
There's the gun blade.
And, fuck, one more I can't remember.
You know what though?
If that Katana fan blade can't actually lift people into the air, then it's worthless.
Let's be real.
Well, I'm forgetting what the fourth one is, but then they went back and they made all of those swords like for real.
Wow.
I'm really impressed with them.
And the guys that are doing the current iteration of it, they're the nicest guys.
I've actually gotten a little bit of advice because I was kind of interested in learning how to forge scissors.
But anyway, so not meaning to go off on that, but they're just really cool people.
No, you totally gave them a free ad on the show.
It's cool.
I would love to have them on the show.
It would be even better if Man of Arms from He-Man was a part of that team as well.
You just want them to make you a weapon is what you really want, Dark Soccer.
You want a complimentary weapon.
Giant red bat.
By the way, in Fallout 4, you can get what they call a swatter, which is basically a giant red bat, and you can put nails in it and stuff like that.
I'll go back in there and get on the super fan builds. I found the video.
What is your dream weapon, Dark Soccer?
If you could have them make any weapon in the world, what would you want?
Honestly, I don't know.
There is one that I would like for them to make on their show.
Not for me, but I'd like to see it made.
Just because every time they do the katana, they have this one guy named Elia who is really good at traditional Japanese sword making techniques.
And so he will go into detail explaining things on katana building and everything.
And I would love to see how they do a cutting edge on a reverse-bladed sword.
I would really like to see how that's managed.
But anyway, that's just me fangirling.
Alright, enough about weapons.
I'm going to find out what that other blade is. I can't remember, by the way.
But anyway, so John St. John, we know him, right?
Duke Nukem, the voice actor anyway.
He got approached to be the voice of the ad campaign for a, quote, leading GOP candidate for president, end quote.
And he said, no.
And this is what he said why.
I don't like to turn down jobs, especially when it's a national ad campaign that pays pretty well.
But I have a conscience and could not accept a gig to be the advertising voice of the Republican Party's leading candidate for president.
Thanks for the kind offer, but I will sleep just fine at night knowing I made a choice I can live with.
Really, the only candidate that he would have been perfect for is like Arnold Schwarzenegger running for something.
Actually, Arnold Schwarzenegger would just do his own voice.
Which is ironic because Arnold Schwarzenegger, I don't know if you guys know this, you know that guy who's leading in the Republican stuff right now.
You know he used to have a TV show on NBC. Arnold Schwarzenegger is the new head of that show.
Thank you for reminding me. I do need to watch. Has that started yet?
No.
By the way, the other blade was the Buster Sword.
I don't even think it's filmed yet.
It was Cloud Sword.
But they announced that Arnold Schwarzenegger is the new.
Yes, and I totally need to watch it now because of that.
Because you know instead of you're fired, it's going to be you're terminated.
I don't care. I fully expect that level of cheesiness. And that's why I come to watch that show.
It's not because it's quality TV, let's be honest. Any of those like reality shows, no.
Hot garbage.
It's all garbage and it's just, I can't wait to see that.
Sometimes you eat fast food even though you damn well know it's bad for you.
I do that almost every day.
Don't eat Taco Bell because you're clearly Mexican.
So I did decide though which of the blades they've made that I would actually want to keep.
I'm still thinking about it and I've decided the one I would want to keep for myself would be they remade the Hattori Hanzo Sword from Kill Bill.
I would want that one for the collection.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, terminated, but keep up your work ethic and you'll be back.
No seriously though, it's like, don't get me wrong, I like Arnold Schwarzenegger and I think he has some pretty awesome catch phrases and stuff.
But he really tries hard to work that shit into every single quote or interview or whatever.
It's like dude, come up with something new.
Do something new. He doesn't have to be always like, I'll be back and all that shit.
It's just something different.
I like Arnold as an actor.
Dot, dot, dot.
Alright, let's get into the FUGL Question of the Week.
And every week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities and we call it FUGL.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
That is the place to be if you want to participate with the FUGL Question of the Week.
Such as our question this week.
And this week we wanted to ask you guys about the Pokemons.
Because this year there are many ways to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Pokemon.
How do you feel about Pokemon 20 years after its debut?
Are you a fan or have you never cared for the franchise?
Tell us why.
So, act deaf starting us off on Google Plus tonight saying, old.
That's how I feel.
In all seriousness, I'm still a very big fan.
I've played every single generation in lots of the spinoffs.
And I'm totally looking forward to playing Pokken and Pokemon Go this year.
Prince Peach Fuzz says, 20 years? Really?
I love the original red, green and blue.
I remember being hella excited attempting the missing no hack.
Can't wait for Pokemon Go.
Over on Facebook we have some answers as well.
Including Bryce H starting us off saying, I'm a 23 year old.
Who is not afraid to admit he's a fan of Pokemon.
Played every game and I'm having trouble believing that Pokemon is 20.
I remember starting Pokemon Red for the first time.
And that feeling of beating the elite for the first time is one I will never forget.
I'm certainly glad Pokemon has lasted as long as it has.
Because now my 3 year old son gets to enjoy it just like I have.
Degenerate Johnny who's requesting I read this in an old man voice if possible.
I don't know. Should I subject everybody to that?
Wouldn't that just be my normal voice? Ha ha ha.
That's what grandpa would say.
No, Rob.
Gosh darn gee willikers you young whippersnappers.
I remember the day Pokemon came out like it was yesterday.
It was before the days of hashtag.
And it was called the pound sign. Used mostly for operators and 900 numbers.
I was always more southern than old.
Just roll with me here.
I was always a fan of those cuddly companions as if they were my own children.
Except for Ditto.
That sex craving lunatics family portrait looks like a Pokemon diversity assistance brochure.
To this day I'm still catching them all and will continue to do so even after this old crippled body has failed me.
My ghost will want to be the very best like no.
Okay I'll stop. You're never too old to catch them all.
Wink wink. Nudge nudge.
I just have one word for you.
Lick tongue.
Fabrice A. replies to us on Facebook saying,
I've never played Pokemon back in the day because like most I had to choose what console to get.
After I got a DS I wanted to try it but I have no idea on what Pokemon game to start with.
Andy R. says, I still have nostalgia for the older games and I've played one of the main games of each gen.
But honestly I felt like the last few have been bad.
Why it was terrible and why is only slightly better.
I've only got four or five badges in each before I stop caring.
I will say though I've been enjoying Pokemon P-Cross even if it has gigantic paywalls which really invalidate the claim that the game is free to play.
Fifth Dream says, I've been a fan of Pokemon since day one.
I watched the anime for a long time and have been playing since Blue came out.
I've played every generation of the games and love them.
I even have a bunch of toys and plushies which I probably shouldn't admit since I'm 41 years old but it shows what a fan I am.
Okay, Fifth Dream, I'm gonna help you rest easy.
Own it.
I'm 37 so I remember when Pokemon first came out very very well.
And I more got into the anime than I did the games.
And I even dressed up as Ash one year for Halloween.
And I remember going to see the movie in the theaters and me and my friend were the only ones in the entire theater.
So we were imitating the Pokemon at the top of our lungs and we were having a great time.
So I agree with our saga. Just own it.
It is what it is.
And yeah, good memories.
Anyway, Silent Tom says, I still think the franchise is great.
I haven't played them much past the original Red, Blue, and Yellow but have fond memories.
My hometown changed the name of the city for a day back in 1998 from Topika to Topikachu.
I'm laughing at how stupid that is.
I'm sorry.
That's so stupid. I love it.
I had a plane drop a bunch of Pokemon swag.
It was a good time to say the least.
Oh my god, that's amazing.
Redtertainment replies and says, 20 years? Fuck, now I feel old.
Thanks, Pikachu.
Jordan T, finally, someone responding saying no.
Saying, I've never played a Pokemon game.
I figured I've gone this long without it.
Okay, I'll stop trying to justify it and go sit in the corner.
Hey, that's okay.
You know what, sometimes we don't have time to play everything.
Last but not least, Veronica Isabelle over on Facebook says,
I saw a commercial for the original US Blue version.
It was instantly hooked and I've been playing it ever since.
Excuse me.
Even though I haven't finished White 2 or X, I bought a copy of Alpha Sapphire
and I plan on buying Yellow on the Virtual Console for a news-lock challenge.
I watched the anime back in the day and still remember the first episode I ever watched,
Island of the Giant Pokemon.
I played the trading card game and even had it on Game Boy and Virtual Console
and was mildly disappointed you couldn't play two-player on Virtual Console.
I remember getting excited and downloading the demo for Pokemon Rumble.
As soon as I found out about it and have played every game in the series,
I hated Pokemon Rumble U.
I have all of the third version games except for Emerald
because I thought Sapphire was boring when it was over.
I had to force myself to pay attention to the Pokemon Advance series
when it was on Saturday morning cartoons on Kids WB.
Well, even though it sounds like there's a few games here and there she didn't care for,
Veronica Isabelle definitely a long-time fan of Pokemon.
Great answers, you guys. Thanks so much.
Checking in studio real quick, your thoughts on Pokemon 20 years later.
Dark Sakura, you were always more a Digimon girl.
I was a Digimon girl.
Did you resent Pokemon for that or?
No, why would I?
I don't know. Just checking.
I really hated, because keep in mind it was one again that I started watching in Japanese with the anime
and I couldn't stand really watching it in English.
It kind of made me bristle a little bit.
As it happens with anything that I start off watching in Japanese first.
I'm the same way with Digimon.
So, I remembered having the Japanese theme song memorized
and I had all those copies of the movies, remember?
Oh, yeah.
And I didn't really get, though, too much into the game so much.
I mean, I tried to play them and it was kind of boring.
Bonds006 in chat says, I would rename my Pokemon to Digimon names.
You could do that.
Loki, thoughts on Pokemon 20 years later?
I never played any of them.
So, you're like that guy on Facebook. He's not alone.
I mean, it's honestly, I just never got into it.
And I'm sure I've seen at least one episode of the anime, but I just couldn't really get interested in it.
And I don't know. It's just not a game I've played, unfortunately.
Fifth Dream in chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com says,
First I heard a Pokemon is when the kids were having seizures from the anime.
Oh, yeah. Pokemon was a bit infamous for that.
They never aired that episode in the U.S.
That one or the one where James has the boobs.
They never aired that episode either.
They really should.
On top of that, they weren't really, the beach episode was freaking hilarious with the beauty contest.
I'm sorry. That was a funny freaking episode.
BobbyBlackWolf in chat says, I have Pokemon Blue.
Got it when it came out because it sounded like a neat RPG concept.
And then babies started getting them on their blankets and I left forever.
All right. That's it for the Fugu question of the week.
Let's get back into some other news. Loki.
All right. So, it's not Pokemon, but we talked last week about VR and how there was going to be,
they're announcing the price and release dates for the Oculus Rift.
Well, now we've got some information about the HTC Vive.
Pre-order it and begin on February 29th.
And that's all we know about it so far.
No price point has been announced yet, but hey, we'll figure that out before or on the 29th of February.
So, they are also going to keep it a surprise right up until the last minute.
Surprise.
Surprise. It's $600.
Well, I think a little bit less, you know, the HTC Vive, that was always supposed to be more expensive anyways.
So, we'll see. I mean, if it's around the same price point as the Rift, it won't be as shocking.
I don't know. I guess we'll have to find out soon enough.
All right. Well, let's go to another story, except I closed my window.
Awkward. Dark Soccer, can you do whatever you had up on the mailbox?
Is the mailbox next?
Yeah.
Ah. No, you had a  never mind. I found my place. Live Radio, super awkward.
Oh, yeah, I did have one of the awesome games done quick.
Go ahead.
All right. Well, it took me a moment because whatever.
So, awesome games done quick raised $1.2 million over that for the Prevent Cancer Foundation,
which, as we've learned after it was done, cancer's a fucker. So.
Well, to be fair, I think a lot of us understood that to be true beforehand.
Well, yeah, but it's been really, really chill.
Cancer is good at killing people because it's cancer, not can't-cer.
Okay, that was really bad.
They also  yeah, some of the speedruns they did was, of course, Super Mario 64, Diablo Fest,
Belunky, Hudson Hawk, Super Mario Maker. They also did Rocky and Bully.
How would you speedrun Super Mario Maker?
I don't know.
I think it was certain pre-selected levels.
Yeah.
Remember, because we did talk about  we talked about this a lot last week a little bit as well.
They were not pre-selected. They were selected.
But we mentioned StepMania was one of the things they did. Remember we talked about that last week?
Yeah.
And that was more an exhibition.
Yeah, and that was like people who could do like so many keystrokes per second and be accurate.
It was pretty cool.
Yeah.
So the next Awesome Games Done Quick is Summer Games Done Quick, which is June 3rd through 9th in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
So there you go.
One thing I wanted to point out with that piece of information you had,
because we did already talk a little bit about Awesome Games Done Quick last week,
but that particular article had a link to more stats about like what games got what donations when.
And I thought that was really fascinating to kind of see like, you know, what people were really into.
Of course, more donations seem to come in at the end because everybody's a procrastinator.
So I don't know if you can really say like, oh, this game was better than this game or whatever.
But I thought it was very interesting to see that and like the Twitch viewership and all that.
For a stats nerd, there's a lot to chew on with that.
Always the Super Metroid races are pretty good.
Well, yeah, and those are the ones that are like really highly watched, too.
And people vote for kill the animals or save the animals.
Oh, yeah, that's a huge deal, obviously.
They did a lot of voting this year. It wasn't just that.
You could vote on what are you going to name the character in Final Fantasy IV and all this other crazy stuff.
They had this big one where they were, yeah, where they were either naming him Arby's or Biff.
And like people in France started flooding it because they wanted him to be named Biff.
It was like naming Edge Biff.
It was a thing.
And then like they like went to Arby's or something. It was weird.
Did Arby's Twitter actually comment on that? I thought I heard something about that.
Like anyone follows the Arby's Twitter.
Maybe if their food was good.
Arby's and Biff? That sounds like the next Splatfest.
Oh, yeah, they did a Splatoon.
They did. There was a Past vs. Future was this week. You know who won? Past.
And yet again, it was because Future was more popular, so Past did better.
That's what happens every Splatfest.
Yeah.
You have to choose the team that is going to be less popular. It's reverse psychology to win those things.
This is sort of neat, though. If you go over the thing, they were saying what, like there's the secret to Mana run
and how many viewers at that time and their total they were at at that time.
And it's a pretty neat kind of interactive thing, their little chart here.
Did you know, by the way, I'm going to I'm going to use this little tangent to give a shout out.
Our very own here at Orange Lawn Radio and VOG Network, Flaco Jones, who's been on the show before.
He is now getting into speedrunning PT.
Oh, how does that happen?
He did it in 13 minutes, which I guess was good enough to be the number three score on speedruns or whatever.
So I believe this is now a thing for the Flaco household is that he is going.
He is now a PT speedrunner, but I think that's kind of rad.
So I just there's so many random elements that.
But sometimes it's about perfecting the randomness, I guess there's randomness in other games that they do.
So I've been working on my Mario two.
I don't think I'll ever get as fast as those guys in the video.
But do you do the glitches and everything?
I'm still perfecting how to get through world one one in one fell swoop without stopping.
So it's something I'm working on. And then I'm starting on one, too.
But the hard thing about one, too, is that if you really want to beat it fast, you have to be able to, like, jump on the little flying guys.
You have to say, you know, how there's that flying carpet in the beginning.
Yeah, you have to be to be like Yolo and jump on the flying guys instead.
I have a hard time doing it, but what I can do is.
I thought that's how people normally.
No.
Unless you're thinking of something different because you have to, like, use an arrow.
Where you ride the bees, right?
No.
Or not the bees, but the flappy.
You skip the carpet and you jump on the guys that are attacking the carpet.
Yeah.
No, that's not.
You can do that with the princess.
Yeah.
I guess with Luigi, though, you can get the air you need to totally skip the cave in one, too.
Anyway.
There we go.
Let's see.
Let's move on.
I finally got my shit together and found that story I was going to talk about, and this
is a big one.
It has to do with Hitman and Hitman.
You may have heard this week that the pre-orders disappeared from the PlayStation Store, and
now we know why.
Because there was an announcement that Hitman is going to be a truly episodic AAA game experience.
So, on March 11th, the prologue mission and Paris will be released, and then there will
be an Italy version in April and Morocco in May.
From that point onward, you'll get monthly content, including three additional locations.
Thailand, the US, and Japan, until the season ends with the Japanese episode in 2016.
Note, that's not like countries where this is releasing.
That is countries as part of the story.
So, why did they do this?
Studio head Hans Seifert said,
We decided to take the full leap and publish Hitman as a truly episodic game experience.
Part of that decision is for a little bit of extra time to ensure every location we
release is at the quality level fitting for a Hitman game.
No.
But the main driving reason is that this will allow us to create a living game that will
expand and evolve over time and will establish a foundation for the future.
This is the first game in a storyline which will continue and expand with future Hitman
games.
Here's the price.
The intro pack with prologue in Paris, $15.
Each extra location, $10.
But, if you buy the intro pack, you can get the full game with the $50 upgrade pack.
So, that's $65 altogether.
Loki, you're dying to say something.
Their excuse of like, well, give us extra time to make sure the rest of those levels
are polished.
No, you don't just fucking release your game until all that shit is done.
That's how you do it.
You don't just like, oh, well, shit, we can't release this, we have to release this as episodic
because parts of the game aren't done.
That means your game is not done.
You don't release it.
But, Loki, the fiscal year ends in April.
Who gives a fuck?
You finish your shit.
This is the problem with the games industry.
It's just, they don't finish their shit and they release it as is, as episodic or something,
so that you can play little bits of the game and then pay more than fucking retail on that
shit.
Or, as this game, if it were released all at once, it would be just $60.
But, no, it's $65 now.
You know, and I think that's what I'll do.
I'm gonna wait until every piece is out, and then I'll see how people enjoy it.
I'll wait for the Game of the Year edition to come out.
Yeah, the inevitable $40 Game of the Year.
Oh, no, Steam sale, $7.43 to get everything.
Or, hell, you know, with the case with a lot of these Square Enix games, they'll just be free
as part of, like, PlayStation Plus or something.
God, can you imagine if a game like Super Mario Brothers did that, where it's like,
here's worlds one through three, and that's it, until next month, when you're gonna get
worlds four through six.
Like, it's just, what?
Yeah, here's worlds one through three.
Better buy a Mario amiibo to unlock four through six.
Buy Luigi the, you know, seven through nine.
Yeah, you laugh at that now, but, I mean, seriously, that's what they're fucking doing.
They're testing the fucking waters with this stupid one dungeon thing, and you people are
fucking buying into this shit because, ooh, the little pretty figurines!
And then, and then, this shit is gonna be fucking accepted going into the whole NX and
stuff, with their fucking cartridge-less system that everything's unlocked with fucking toys.
I hope you, I hope you're proud of yourself, because you are the problem.
You are the one causing this game industry to go to shit.
Well, I'm glad that they're pretty, and you can't avoid possibly spending money on them.
I'll buy all the amiibo in the world, but fuck this Hitman shit.
Seriously, fuck the Hitman shit, I'm completely with you on that.
At least we can agree on something, Luigi.
If you wanna give me the first episode for free, fucking make this shit shareware, is
how it should be fucking...
Shareware.
Seriously, that's what this fucking is, this is fucking shareware.
This is where, in the world we are right now, where it's episodic.
No, it's fucking shareware, you pay a little bit of money for the first episode to see
if you like it, and if you do, cool, you buy the full game.
If you don't, well, you've only, you're out a few bucks.
So it's Commander, it's Commander Keen all over again.
Except it's fucking $15 instead of five, or free.
That's the problem.
Or the long-distance fees on the BBS you're connected to.
I don't know, I don't know why I'm getting so upset about it, I don't give a shit about
Hitman because, like, it's just, it, people keep buying into this stuff, and that's why
our industry is like it is now with season passes and bullshit like this.
Alright, well speaking of season passes, what do you have next for us, Loki?
So anyways, what I have here is Mortal Kombat.
They're gonna be getting this new online match experience, I guess they're doing an overhaul
on the online for Mortal Kombat X, and with that, they're gonna be putting out a beta
test for it, so you can, anyone that's spent at least an hour of online play in Mortal
Kombat X as of January 19th can sign up for the beta, and only four characters will be
included at the start, Scorpion, Sub-Zero, Briggs, and Cage, and more will be added as
the test goes on, so what they're doing with this is, I guess, improving the online play
experience, I'm not really sure, it's very vague, something that has to do with redoing
the network code and maybe improving lag.
I'm surprised that they're doing this now, since this has been out for a while already,
and now they've decided that, oh hey fuck, we need to retool everything?
Is it because you finished your DLC, is that why?
It's because you've already, you put all your DLC characters out there, and you sold all
that, and now you're like, oh well I guess we have time to fix the fucking game that
you guys are buying all this DLC for.
They have to rework things for the inevitable game of the year edition.
Yeah, they're taking a page out of fucking Capcom's book, they released the arcade edition
or some shit like that where they recharge you for the game for balancing shit.
Alright, well let's talk about, hey, since Loki is a huge fan of Amiibo support, let's
talk about a game on the Wii U that supports every single Amiibo, every single one of them
is supported in this game.
It's a game that's been developed by Lightwood Games, it's for the Wii U and the 3DS, it's
called Word Puzzles.
That's right, Word Puzzles by Paoji, I guess is the full name of the game, it's going
to allow you to actually use your Amiibo in the game.
Every single Amiibo is supported, even ones that haven't been announced yet.
It uses the nickname that you set when you register the Amiibo to generate a unique puzzle
so that whatever Amiibo you tap is unique to you.
So essentially, whatever word is stored on your Amiibo, you'll get a whole word search
puzzle with just that word.
And it's like playing like a Where's Waldo thing, the word only appears there once, but
all the letters or whatever all throughout the word puzzle itself.
So, yeah, I mean, but then this makes me think, well, okay, so if I name my Amiibo Fuck Boy,
I can get an entire puzzle that's just Fuck Boy?
Yeah.
I can see all sorts of dirty puzzles coming out of this thing.
Well, you have all those possibilities, just rename all your Amiibos different things.
Can I name my Amiibo dirty things, or does the Nintendo Police shut me down?
Oh, I'm sure they'll come and shut you down.
If I try to put ass in one of those, does it shut me down?
You get flagged by the police.
Maybe.
I get moderated.
Who knows?
All right.
Well, I'll get like a sad Reggie icon appear on the screen.
Here's the thing, though, with all due respect, because, you know, it is an indie developer
and so forth.
I don't know, the word puzzle thing, it just doesn't strike me as like the kind of game
I need to have.
If it was something I could play like online with friends to make it a little more exciting,
maybe I'd be down with that.
I'm pleased that they decided to actually add support for the Amiibos and stuff.
Granted, that it's very limited, but I mean, their game is quite limited as it is.
So, but props to them for actually doing that.
It's nice to know that other indie games can support that.
So, I'm surprised we don't see more indie games supporting that.
If I could play online with friends, we can hunt for Fuckboy together.
Like Minecraft.
Minecraft would be awesome.
Like if you get like a skin for your Minecraft character based off of whatever Amiibo that
you had scanned in or something like that.
Like if I want to dress up like Mario, I just put Mario on there and away we go.
I mean, that would be cool.
That would be something that's kind of neat.
Bonce006 over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The Nintendo Police will kick your door in and make you use PC safe words.
Reggie Fils-Aime personally is going to come to my house and punch me in the face.
That is what's going to happen.
Well, that's almost worth it for that.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
We already visited it earlier in the show, but now it's officially that time where we
open up the mailbag.
Participate at orangelaundry.com.
Dark Soccer is going to dive in and read the rest of the emails waiting for us this week.
Just chiming in to say Rob's a hater and I love amplitude.
I was waiting for this.
I see where he's coming from, but I don't have any problems with music games introducing
me to new music.
Sure, it's nice that there are games like Rock Band that let me play songs I know, but
I feel like I've more enjoyed finding new music to like from rhythm games.
Not having played the PS2 amplitude though, I guess I don't have a point of comparison,
but I really have been enjoying the new one.
I found a few songs I like and I've been trying to get good enough to unlock the super difficulty.
Also, Freak Mode is great.
TLDR, thanks Konami, but I'll play rhythm games even without bad covers of Britney Spears'
songs and ER.
PS, at least he's right about Nino Cooney being good.
Thank you.
At least you cited me on something.
I'm sorry, I tried to play amplitude again and I played this song and it was so bad.
I'm sorry.
I'm all for new music when the music is really good, but I just think some of the stuff,
especially in the amplitude story mode, I think is really unexciting.
I'm sorry.
Some of it I love though, like I like the Crypt of the Necrodancer song and you all
know I love the Freeze Pop song, but I feel like there's a lot of filler.
So, I'm sorry, but I love the old amplitude and the old frequency.
Those games are great.
We've got a two part email, I think, from Robert M. Actually two emails, I should say.
Starting off in chronological order.
Just a note on last week's show, if you haven't already discussed it, according to sources
I've seen, Slow Beef, currently half of the satirical channel Retsupre with diabetes,
is considered one of the fathers of the Let's Play format on YouTube.
Beats me, of course, how the guys from Rooster Teeth get to have a Let's Play as a channel
game.
Also, of the games I picked up last Steam sale, I never store my payment info, more
for putting a barrier between myself and the impulse buys rather than for security.
The one I've been putting off the most time into a script of the Necrodancer.
Significantly more if you count listening to the soundtrack.
Has anyone there tried the game with an actual dance pad yet?
Oh god no.
I'm 37.
My DDR days have long passed.
I don't know.
That might be too much.
So here's the next part.
I apologize for not asking Bobby directly again, but from what you currently know, what
is the likelihood that the HTC Vive, or is it Viva or Vive, I guess.
Vive, I think.
In addition to using one Steam library on PC, would use or have a SKU that would use
the HTC phone, much like the Samsung Gear VR.
Hmm.
Wait, I'm not trying to under-
I don't think so, no.
I don't think they're going to do like a Gear VR version of HTC Vive.
I don't know why they need to do that when the Gear VR is already a thing that exists,
but with all these VR competitors, it's going to be very interesting to see what kind of
floats to the top.
And I sort of think it's going to be the PlayStation VR and the Oculus, and I'm not
sure there's a lot of room in the pool for everybody, but we'll see.
I mean, even as those words are leaving my mouth, but then I go, oh, but the Gear VR
is a really affordable option, and if Apple made a version of it, that would sell like
crazy too, so maybe there is room in the pool for more.
You know what I say, all you kids with your VR shit?
I'm going to read a book.
I'm going to read the newspaper.
What if you could read a book in VR?
No.
I want to read.
What if you could read a book on weed?
Bobby Black Wolf, who knows a little more about VR than we do, says HTC is abandoning
phones, and if the Vive was going to be cheaper than the Rift, they would have announced it
already.
Try to get that good publicity ahead of schedule.
Last one.
And it's labeled DJ is married to a hockey player.
Okay.
Hello, peoples.
With the upcoming debut of Fuller House on Netflix, the prospect of other somehow beloved
series being updated becomes more and more of a possibility.
My question for you is this.
What video game series would you least like to see updated?
My answer is missed.
As we saw in the last couple of attempts to release a game in the series, updating this
game will lead to the charm of the original being diminished.
Stay black, redertainment, trainer.
I don't know.
Ooh, this is a really good question.
What series don't you want them to touch?
I'm assuming because they'll fuck it up is the answer.
Well, we've already seen them do that with Knight Rider a few times.
I kind of feel like that's all.
I said game series.
I kind of game series game series.
I feel like that's already happened with blaster master.
Like the original on the NES is so good.
And then the Genesis one was garbage.
The remake should have been better as much as I would love a guardian legend update.
And there's a fan one in the works, but like an official one.
They'd have to really make it perfect.
Oh, I have a good answer for this.
Metal Gear Solid.
That is a game that they, or that is a series they should not try to start over
or reboot because a certain person is not affiliated with a certain company anymore.
And for that matter, they probably shouldn't make, they shouldn't do a
Castlevania remake either while we're at it.
Let's just be real.
Those games are never going to be as good as they were on the PlayStation or on
the Super Nintendo or even the NES.
I think, I think those are my answers right there.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at
bognetwork.com use the passphrase hamster.
All right. That was it for emails.
That was it.
All right. If you want to send emails next week, participate at orange
lounge radio.com is the place to send those emails.
In the meantime, let's get to the FUs of the week.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here.
This is fucked up.
Garsakra?
FU goes to the governor of Michigan for the fuckery with the water and for
the state of the schools there.
You don't have this opulent center for, uh, I'm trying to remember what
the place was, but it was like this really gorgeous building while your
schools have mushrooms growing out of the walls and black mold and moldy
food being served to children.
I'm sorry.
Fuck you.
You need to get fired and also the same to the lady who's running the, um,
democratic national convention.
Cause you're also stupid.
I'm done.
Loki, um, just after you did my new schedule, because it makes it difficult
for me to eat or purchase food that normally would eat during the week.
Like I used to do like sandwiches and stuff, and now I've been having to be
forced to go to McDonald's because it's the closest fast food place to my
work.
And I really don't like eating that shit.
And I would think about going across the street, the subway, but we had
subway catered at our work the other day and it was fucking nasty.
So it's like, uh, I don't know.
Um, my FU of the week, uh, I don't know.
Things have been going relatively well.
I would say FU for the power outage.
That was shitty.
Um, even though dark soccer is, you know, FU, this kind of pales in
comparison to that.
It was awfully inconvenient, uh, where I work this week.
We couldn't drink the water for two days because there was a whole, uh,
scare about whatever bacteria causes E. coli or whatever.
So that was very inconvenient.
Oh God.
My fucking wife seriously did this shit.
Like she does these things every now and then where like,
and I have to indulge her and I really even live in the affected area.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And I had to go out in the fucking night to go purchase a fucking case
of water for no fucking reason.
And, and did she fucking use the water that we purchased?
No, she's still getting shit out of the fucking tap.
It's like a fucking waste of my time.
Except they did get some Ingress time in there.
So that's fine because I was out to do that.
But no, seriously though, I had to go to the store for that shit.
I'm like, dude, that's like in the pocket area.
That's nowhere fucking near our house.
We're in a completely separate water district from this shit.
And she's like, well, I just want to be safe.
Don't you want to take precautions?
I'm like, oh my fucking God.
But I got Ingress time in, so that's all right.
This is supposed to be my FU.
Sorry.
FU to Loki for stealing my thunder.
FU to cancer.
Oh yeah, I have FU to cancer after this week.
That's every week.
That goes without saying every single week, I think.
All right.
Um, let's get...
Well, I should go ahead and say my goodbyes to...
Oh yes, it is that time.
Because I have to be at work on a holiday.
I'm sorry.
But it's money.
Well, who for money?
Well, uh, DarkStalker, before you leave us tonight,
do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Um, no. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
All right, let's get into a couple more stories,
and then we're going to open up the Skype line.
If you want to take DarkStalker's place here on the show tonight,
as if anyone could, you can give us a call, 1-877-GAMO-LR,
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
All one word.
We will be opening up those numbers in a minute,
but we have a couple more stories first.
Loki.
So, we talked a while back about Vivendi selling off chairs
of Activision, or Activision purchasing that type of thing.
Well, now they have finally sold the remaining chairs
of Activision Blizzard for 1.1 billion
to some undisclosed financial institute.
And basically saying that it was the perfect time
to unload 5.7% of the chairs they retain
as a soccer call of duty in World of Warcraft.
The company had risen by 90% in the last year.
So, yay, we don't have to hear about Vivendi games.
What do you think this might mean for the future,
especially when Activision and Blizzard have all these...
That sold to Jugglords.
Have all these products.
I don't think it means much of anything, to be honest,
other than just changing hands.
They're not owned by Vivendi anymore.
They're not owned by the man.
Or a portion of them is not owned by them.
I don't think it's going to make any sort of difference.
All right. Well, last but not least,
another anniversary note to close on.
But this one's about Dragon Quest.
And this year is the 30th anniversary of Dragon Quest in Japan.
And Square Enix is going to be going all out for a celebration.
And there was a live press event that happened this week
where series creator Yuji Horii and producer Ryutaro Ichimura
talked about how Square Enix will be celebrating Dragon Quest.
First off will be Dragon Quest Builders
for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and Vita on January 28th.
And then Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 3 on the 3DS follows in March.
And then Dragon Quest Heroes 2 in May
for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and Vita.
But again, remember, these are all Japanese information,
so we don't know about what's going to happen in the U.S.
There was no date announced for Dragon Quest XI,
no trailer screenshots or any of that
for this anticipated 3DS or PlayStation 4 title.
But that is what they got in Japan this week.
Nothing about the U.S. or if we will ever get that Dragon Quest Theatrhythm game.
But the answer, unfortunately, is probably not fucking likely,
which is really sad because I really want that game.
But I guess I'd have to get a Japanese 3DS and import it
if I really want it that bad.
All right, that's it. Skypline is open for your calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
All one word. The Skypline is open.
While we wait for some calls to come in, let me check in with Loki
and see if there's any last-minute stories tonight.
No, not really.
Not really?
No. I did notice that the new Humble Bundle, though,
that's out now is the Full Motion Video Humble Bundle.
Did you see that?
Oh, yeah, I saw something like that with roundabouts in that, right?
Roundabouts in it, yeah, I don't really give a shit about that
because I already have it on PlayStation 4,
but I do want 7th Guest in 11th Hour, so I may have to purchase...
That's in there? I love those games.
That's in the dollar tier as well.
Yeah, and there's Steam versions of the game,
so I will be purchasing that just for that.
That's pretty awesome.
Although, I have a bad feeling those are games that were way better.
Yes, they were.
You try to play them now, it's like, okay, this is really hard to play.
Is Phantasmagoria in the bundle?
It is not. It is...
I want to say there was...
Let me see here. I'm going to bring it back up here.
There was the, I think, a Tex Murphy game.
And what else was it?
That fucking shootout game that they always...
Like Mad Dog McCree or whatever, because that was on the Wii, right?
I don't think Mad Dog McCree was...
They had Tex Murphy, the Complete Pack,
Tesla Effect, Tex Murphy Adventure,
7th Guest in 11th Hour Pack,
Missing and Interactive Thriller Episode 1.
That's all part of the dollar tier.
$5 or more to get roundabout and Her Story, which apparently is pretty good.
Oh yeah, I've heard Her Story is pretty good.
Yeah, but it's not really a full motion video game,
but I understand why they did that.
Huh, that's interesting.
And the weekly bundles, I don't think they add other stuff to that later on.
So, yeah.
I do want 7th Guest. I'll buy that for it all.
That isn't the official bundle of the now,
but it's the Humble Weekly Bundle, because they do different bundles.
It's confusing.
Dungeonbuster in chat says it's missing the Christopher Walken
full motion video game.
Ripper, no sale.
Another shout out for our skype line.
1877 Game OLR, our username on skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what other important full motion video game it's missing?
SimCity on CD-ROM.
Oh my god, that'd be awesome.
The amazing cutaways with the weather reports.
You know, aren't they supposed to be doing that thing now
with EA's Origin or whatever,
where they're supposed to be having a monthly service
that you can play all these games
like any game that they have?
I thought that was the thing on Xbox One.
No, they're doing something now that's actually going to be
on PC as part of Origin.
You pay like 15 bucks a month
and you get unlimited games, basically.
I wonder if they would bring SimCity back.
You know, the old SimCity.
If they would bring the SimCity on CD-ROM back,
I would so be there. Is anyone from EA or Origin listening?
That's the one thing I want.
Do they have an abandonware yet?
Like where you can download the...
You know, I haven't really tried looking.
I'm not willing to pay for it.
I'm not willing to pay a lot for it,
but I wouldn't pay for it if it would go up.
Tigerclaw is pointing out it's called Origin Access,
is the name of that program.
Yeah, we didn't even talk about that.
But that's something that they're doing as well.
Origin Access, where you can pay 15 bucks a month
and you get...
I don't know if it's all the games
or if they're going to do it like the EA Access thing
where you can basically have access
to different games in their library.
No, I hadn't heard about that.
All right, I'm going to put only one more
request for calls out there.
I get the sense we have a little bit less
of a live audience than we usually do tonight.
The three-day weekend probably coming into play,
I think. You've got some people that are probably out of town.
Oh, I'm sorry. It wasn't 15 a month.
It's $5 a month.
Oh, wow. That's really not bad.
You get access to a growing collection of PC games
plus 10% off of Origin purchases.
So it's really like
all the crap that's five years old or more
is in the $5 bundle.
I think it's all the crap that they gave away for free
like Dragon Age. Well, they have
Dragon Age Inquisition, Battlefield,
Hardline. Dragon Age Inquisition
is kind of a good game.
Well, no, I'm not saying that they're crap.
I think a lot of the games are the ones
they were giving away for free already, like Battlefield 3,
Hardline they haven't done yet.
All right.
One more shout-out. 1-877-GAMEO-LR
or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Otherwise, I guess
we're going to end up wrapping up early, but
for a three-day weekend again.
More Ingress time, I guess. Yeah, I saw you over there
plotting your road home and what damage
you're going to cause on the way.
I already have.
I'm trying to, obviously, I'm not going to
shout everything out on the air where you're going, but okay.
Oh, looking for some fields to close.
Yep.
Awesome. All right. Well, the Skype line
isn't lighting up, so I guess
that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
If for whatever reason you were just feeling
shy tonight, you can always email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
is the place to do that. Especially, we'd love to hear
from more of you that only participate with the podcast.
You know, I love the live audience, but
I know there's many of you out there who
have been listening for a while, who've never reached out and said
hello. Please feel free to say hello.
This is the time to do that.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
or you can also give us a shout on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I do read everything that goes to
the O-L-R Twitter, even if
I don't always. I usually, I'll write a
response if it necessitates one, even if
I don't always read them on air. Sorry about that.
Alright, that's going to do it
for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys
so much for listening to our show. Hey, if you liked
what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please help us
spread the word about the show where every gamer has a voice.
Tell a friend or five
about the show and
help us grow. We appreciate it. You know, we don't ask
for your money. We just ask for your
recommendation. So,
tell a friend about the show and help us spread the word.
You can also leave us a five star review on
iTunes or
Stitcher Radio or wherever it is
that you happen to find this show. We deeply
appreciate all those reviews. Those go
a really long way for support.
Trust me on that.
Well, before we wrap it up, we have to get everybody's
final thought for the night. So,
my final thought for the night will be that
I did pretty much
finish, I have just one little drop of that liquor
left at Dark Sakura and
it actually did hold up really well for
however long that was in the fridge, like three months.
So, kudos to Dark Sakura's
brewing factory for that.
Even if I didn't really feel the effects
of that too much tonight, but if I
seem to ramble excessively, more so
than usual tonight, you can blame that.
Loki, how about your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I tried working on the game
this week. I did get a
little bit of programming done, but it's just not
as much as I'd like.
I'm just trying to figure out what I need to cut
feature-wise to get what
I want done. I was trying to do the high score
thing, but that's been taking forever.
I haven't get enough
free time to where I'm actually conscious enough
to work on the game, especially after I get
home and have to deal with the kids. It's just
at night, not working, and during the day,
not working out. Note to self,
I need to get Gabe and
Bree from the SAC IGDA
back here to yell at you about that whole
game situation, because I know they have
another event. They're going to a bigger venue
this year. But what? Doesn't he do that as
his day job? I mean, if I was fucking doing
this as my day job, I would be...
I don't think that is his day job.
I think it's a labor of love, I think.
Kind of like how this podcast is.
I don't know. I could go back to my old game
I was working on, but I want to get this done at least.
Something done on this.
You can do it. We believe in you.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode
of Orange Lounge Radio. Thanks again everybody
for listening. Have a great week. We'll be back in
seven days to do it all
over again. Good night.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of
OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune in to VoGnetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 pm Pacific
9 pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed
in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of
Orange Lounge Radio or VoG Network.
But you know they were all
still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
