Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, two groups have tried to register trademarks that have been a part of geek and gaming culture for many years, both being met with significant outcry and opposition. We'll tell you about each of them and get your take along with your calls and more, and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 629 for this January the 31st of 2016.
I don't know how we are already at the last day of January, but here it is. We're here over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle, live with you guys at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, head on over to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, where SHO 100 Matt says, January really flew. Yes it did, and here we are, pretty much by the time people hear the podcast version of this, it's going to be February, and we're in MAGFest month. I can't believe it, we were just talking to Bobby about that a little bit before the show tonight.
Anyhow, my name, Rob Roberts, you can follow me on Twitter at Skye, S-K-I-E, joining you from Studio N7 in Sacramento, California with my co-hosts. Say hello over there to Techmaster Loki!
Hello. How are you doing, Loki? I'm doing fine. I see you plotting your next move. I'm not plotting my next move, I was just seeing if what I took down actually took down what I thought it did.
It's all good. So you and I are sort of the reasons why there was no show last night, or last last night, last week. There was no show last week, sorry about that, you guys know I hate missing shows.
But I was, I was pretty sick actually. If you did hear Bobby's show, I ended up doing a call-in, and I was kind of like right on the last stages of battling something sinacy.
And I was like, me doing a three hour show, not really going to be a lot of fun, so I don't think that's going to work for me. And then Loki, you had a sick kid, right?
Yeah, my youngest was throwing up.
So that's no fun. So there was no show last week. And then here's the weird part, is that unfortunately we don't have DarkSock right here tonight in studio, because even though she was fine and good to go last week, and I guess would have done this show solo for all we know, she was unable to make it at the last minute tonight.
She had a situation come up, so she was not able to be here tonight. But she even said on the phone to me, she was like, I don't want to be known as the flake queen, and I was like, I will make very clear, you are not the reason last week didn't happen.
So DarkSockra gets a pass on last week, but she gets a mark on this week, no I'm kidding, she's fine.
So sadly, no DarkSockra joining us tonight in studio, but we do have, and I'm really appreciative here, filling in at the last minute in studio tonight. Say hello everybody to Shane, Shane Alinko.
I can't talk right now, I have more wine to drink.
Okay, so can we talk about this a little bit?
So he is a perfect replacement.
He has a perfect replacement for DarkSockra this week. So you, probably not even like three months ago, were that guy that was like, I don't drink wine, wine is stupid.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's not how it goes.
Alright, then you tell me how this goes.
The way it goes is that I've had wine in the past, I liked it because it's part of Sangria. And I like Sangria.
That's true, I like Sangria too.
It's pretty good.
It's the best thing to have with the Brazilian barbecue, in my opinion, yes.
But like wine in general, I just, you know, wasn't really feeling. But then, you know, Flaco Jones and his wife, they went and got some wine from a winery, and they're like, Shane, try this.
And so I was the wine tasting guinea pig, even though they knew they liked him already. It's like, what will Shane do? It's like a React video basically.
We're going to talk about React videos. We actually would not be able to make one of those potentially. We'll get into that later.
So the whole thing is, like, spoiler alert, all wine tastes like shoes. That's what I figured out. I dislike wine a whole lot. Some white ones are pretty good.
You like the rosé.
Yeah, that. That was okay. Like, oh, and then I got yelled at because I mixed Martinelli's Sparkling Cider in one, and Flaco Jones's wife was like, you need to leave right now.
But it made it taste good. But if it's a red wine, it tastes like a shoe.
Okay.
Various types of shoes.
So I noticed that you had this thing, like you tended to like the sweet wines.
I just like, if I'm going to drink alcohol period, and it's not a shot, it has to be sweet.
So I was telling you, I said, Shane, I know a winery that makes, like, they specialize in sweet wines. I drive out there to get my wine there from the winery. You'll like this.
And you were kind of like, you know, whatever, whatever, Rob, you're never right.
That's true.
But then you came over and just before during Bobby's show, I poured you a glass of wine.
And I was like, you know, don't pour too much because I'm not going to want to drink it.
You're not going to like it. And now you're in this room.
And now I could drink it all day. Like, I found a water replacement.
So yes, Shane Alinko and I are drinking wine.
Oh, and wine hits so hard pretty quick too.
We're going to have to finish off the bottle somehow.
Well, just put it in front of me. It'll be gone before the show's over.
As long as you're safe to drive or you're crashing on the couch, I don't know.
I would just crash somewhere, either in the road or on the couch.
Don't joke about that. That's not funny.
I wouldn't be texting. I'd be drunk.
Anyway, well, I will say this, though.
That winery I almost bought because they make a rosé.
It probably would be pretty good.
It would probably be pretty good.
Do they make red ones? Because I don't know if you could have, like, shoes that taste sweet.
They do make red ones, but they aren't sweet.
Okay, well then, yeah, there would be no point in getting those.
Anyway, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Martin's in our chat room tonight and says,
Red wine is something you need to learn how to appreciate.
Like, nobody likes beer the first time. They try it either.
I still don't like beer.
No, still don't.
Yeah, I mean, I don't appreciate drinking shoes. It's just not my thing.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Fuck wine. Fireball.
Oh, that would be fun too, though. I don't mind that.
Are you going to mix fireball with the wine?
No, because this is like drinking really delicious, like, apple juice almost.
Yeah, one of my friends hates this wine because he says it's just cool.
Why are they your friend?
All right, let's talk real quick. We're going to get into video gaming news
and last week's news set to Holik and everything we missed and everything.
But I do want to give Shane Olinko an ample chance because a lot's changed since the last time you were here on this program.
Yeah, I got an iPad Pro.
You did. And it's nice. And you've been playing games like...
Oh, yeah. Music games are so good on this, except I don't care for ReRave. I'm sorry.
Sorry, Kyle Ward. You're hot, but I don't care for ReRave.
And I think Shane is wrong in that department that ReRave is plenty fine.
I actually think it's better on my phone than on the bigger screen.
Oh, so you just think the size...
Yeah, I don't have a problem with the game. I think the game is fine, but I don't like it on the bigger screen.
Oh, okay.
I didn't really like it in the arcade either. I think it's a great phone game, though.
Interesting. I don't think Kyle can be too mad at you since she still likes it somewhere.
But I thought it was fine. But I have heard complaints like, ironically enough, Ingressors.
I know some that play on a tablet that have data on the tablet.
And they don't like it as much because when they try to do the glyph and stuff, it's too big.
Oh, yeah. That would be really hard to do really quick.
I have heard that sometimes a bigger playing service can be an issue.
Yeah, but like DJ Max Technica Q on this, which they don't even support anymore.
It hasn't had a new song pack, I think, since 2014.
And Sidus. Love Sidus on this game. So good. Those are my most played games on here.
Okay, but besides your iPad, you have...
I got more Power Ranger toys.
You did. And now you have a podcast.
I do. Oh my gosh, I'm so tired of podcasting right now.
We have done eight shows in 19 days.
We is who?
Me and Spike. Captain Spike from Game Buoy.
Awesome. So you guys now have... Tell us a little bit about this show. What is it? It's a Power Ranger show.
It's a Power Ranger show. We try to stay super positive because there's a lot of negativity in any sort of fandom.
It's also got gay elements because, surprise, we're gay.
And we just talk and have a good time. We review episodes. We talk about news.
Lately, our past few episodes have been nothing but the most recent season up until yesterday for America, which was Dino Charge.
And we just rushed to get through the first 20 episodes so we could start talking about current episodes.
So yesterday was the season premiere. So starting this week, we will have current shows to talk about.
Let me ask this question. I don't personally feel this way, but I have to ask tough questions.
Power Rangers is a kids' show. What do adults have to say about a kids' show?
Apparently two and a half hours worth sometimes.
What do you get out of Power Rangers being in your 30s?
It's just a superhero show. I don't really see it that different than watching the Avengers or watching X-Men.
It might be more geared towards kids, but it's still superheroes and it's fun.
And sometimes they do put things in there for adults that kids won't pick up.
Or it's just neat. It's not like, I don't know. I can't stand SpongeBob, but people my age and older love it.
So you can always find reasons to like something that may not be in your age group.
But screw that. It's your choice to what you like.
5th Dream in chat over at live.hognetwork.com brings up Pokemon as a kids' game.
Is it?
Here's the thing though. Keep in mind we're celebrating the 20th anniversary of Pokemon.
So if you're 30 and you love Pokemon, it's because you were probably playing it as a kid.
That's true. And also, I don't mean to be a jerk or just to say, are you sure you're dumb?
But the Pokemon World Championships, those are streamed on Twitch.
How many 6-year-olds are watching Twitch? I mean, there probably are some.
But I don't know. Last year when the World Championships were on, I was glued to Twitch.
I could not quit watching. It was so good.
And this year it's in San Francisco, so I want to go down there.
Sorry, I'm getting the comments from chat that my mic is dying, so I just switched out.
I don't know what's up with the green mic I've been using, but I've switched that out there, so hopefully that doesn't happen again.
The joys of doing live radio. What can you do?
I don't know.
I guess something might be wrong with the wire.
And with all the mix and match that goes around here in the studio, I wouldn't be surprised at all if the wire is just somehow on its last leg.
So anyway, sorry about that. But I don't even know what I said now.
It was about Pokemon being kids or adults. And Pokemon Go coming out. Is that really going to be...
Well, 6-year-olds do have cell phones now, but I expect a lot more adults will be playing that than kids.
Well, I think it's going to be a big family thing. I think you're going to have a lot of 30-somethings playing it with their kids.
You brought up Flaco and Mrs. Flaco earlier. They'll probably... I just assumed they'd play that game maybe with their kids. Maybe.
I don't know if that's something them specifically are into, but that's kind of an example where you have the 30-somethings who grew up with Pokemon will be playing that with their kids.
It's kind of like, and you're going to hate this example, but I don't care. I've been having a lot of wine today, so I'm just going to say what I think.
How many bottles have you gone through?
It's kind of like the audience I see at Rocky Horror Picture Show these days.
I already hate this example.
The audience at the Rocky Horror Picture Show, we are fortunate that we sell out a lot of the shows we do here in Sacramento.
Which, by the way, we have one coming up on February 13th that I'm hosting for you locals here in SAC.
But a lot of the audience I see now is people that are in their 40s when they were going to the movie when it first came out, like in theaters.
Or even people in their 30s that went through it in the 90s and so forth, bringing their teenagers to experience it for the first time.
So it's interesting to see how that generation handoff happens.
And the reason why I bring up that example, it's more than just games. It certainly happens with movies, too.
I think even Star Wars and the success of Episode 7 is a lot of the parents, perhaps, taking their...
And the parents are experiencing it like they were kids and bringing their own kids.
And that's just throwing out the prequels, like most people do.
And you know, Labyrinth is getting a reboot, supposedly.
Is that real, though?
If it's real, you know, whatever kid I choose to kidnap, I will take to Labyrinth and be like, this is what I grew up with, too.
There you go.
Screw you, Toby! You're staying here!
I'm not dealing with your fucking ass.
Are you actually going to have your own Labyrinth, perhaps? Are you a goblin king in training?
That's creepy.
I still think it would have been cool to follow the comic books for the sequel.
Oh, the manga?
Yeah, the manga.
Yeah, I never read those. I was like, they're ruining Labyrinth, probably, but they're probably actually good.
I just was like, I'm so a purist about Labyrinth, and it can't be touched.
Alright, one tangential topic, and then we'll get into video games for sure.
One?
One. Can David Bowie be replaced as the Goblin King, though?
No.
No, I don't think he can. Like, whoever is going to...
If they were to remake it or do a sequel or whatever, whoever's going to step into that role is damned.
That's why they just can't do it until we have the technology to just...
To bring him back?
Bring him back.
Yeah, that would be okay, too.
Actually, there's one person. One person I would be okay with.
Who?
Tilda Swinton.
I've seen that, and I don't know who that person is, but it's a she, right?
Yeah, Tilda Swinton. But it doesn't matter. She played Bob Dylan in some movie.
But you have to be musical. Like, you have to also...
She can do anything. You have this gigantic iPad.
And I'm talking...
It does an internet. Look up Tilda Swinton right now.
I can't. I'm talking about Power Rangers stuff with people.
It's way more important. But you just have to get some random pop star.
Like, it could be somebody from One Direction to be...
Oh, what is wrong with you?
I've had too much fun.
We'll just get David Hasselhoff. It works, right?
Shut it down.
Oh, twist! What if Jennifer Connelly became the Goblin Queen, and then it follows somebody new?
I guess that's alright. Jennifer Connelly's pretty awesome.
Well, yeah, but she was in the first...
Yeah, duh, I know that.
I don't know if you know that. You had a lot to drink.
Or what if she gets kidnapped and the grown-up Toby or whatever has to go save her?
That would be cool. But who would be the villain at that point?
I think they had a queen in the manga.
Oh, did they?
I didn't really read it. I bought it. I think I bought it for Dark Sakura, actually, but...
Oh, well then they could just get Lady Gaga since she was an actress now, too.
Yeah, that would work.
Tigerclaw in chat says, Tilda Swinton is playing a character in the Doctor Strange movie.
I don't know what a Doctor Strange is. Is that a Doctor Who film?
It's Marvel. It's a Marvel universe thing. No.
But Tilda Swinton could be Doctor Who as well. I'd be totally fine with that.
I've never seen that either, so whatever.
My god, you've got so much to catch up on.
Nope. Power Rangers.
SSG100Matt says, we have the science to make a hologram, David Bowie.
That is out there.
But do we have the science to make his codpiece?
Did you?
That's like the secondary character in that movie.
We're still perfecting that technology.
Did you see the Splatoon concert that happened?
No, but I want to.
It was all hologram with the sister. Like, literally...
Are we talking about that later at all?
I think. I don't know. It might have been on the list somewhere.
Because, although I'm just gonna cheat anyway.
That's fine.
Like, I heard that was so good, and they had like respawn points at the concert,
and they had like all the weapons, and apparently we're getting the Squid Sisters as amiibo.
Oh, that's pretty weird.
That got data mined.
Of course we are!
At least it's...
Cha-ching!
Well, I want more Splatoon amiibo. That's awesome.
I love Splatoon, and I love the amiibo, and they're hilarious.
Alright, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, only like 20 minutes into the show.
But I want to talk a little bit about what we missed last week with Sickness taking over Sacramento and OLR Studios.
We missed last week's show, so let us quickly recap.
Last week's news, Setaholic.
Last week in the gaming universe, there were some big time rumors about the NX leaked from a GfK survey.
And it wasn't the fact that the rumors were out there, because, you know, another week, another set of NX rumors until Nintendo clarifies something.
But it's the fact that the mainstream media was running like crazy with these rumors.
Of course they are.
Specifically, the 900p rumor of the system.
And since 900p is less than 1080p, clearly it must be bad.
But, I mean, if the NX is a handheld and a console system, which I'm almost starting to accept as fact at this point, it's coming up so often.
Would it make sense that 900p is the resolution of the handheld?
Doesn't seem like rocket science to me. I don't know.
Yeah, it makes sense, except, you know, a lot of other handhelds are not that, and, you know, I want to say it's...
Don't they have 1080 on, uh, the Vita?
I think so.
Speaking of other news from Nintendo, Pokemon Red, Blue, and Yellow coming out on Virtual Console, but there will be no save and restore feature.
So you can't grind, you know, one area over and over and, you know, try to get a mutation, and if it goes wrong, reset it.
But there will be online Pokemon battles.
Also, David Gator leaving BioWare after 17 years last week.
Is Dragon Age fucked? I don't know. Stay tuned. I don't think that's right.
He was already off of Dragon Age at this point, though, so if they were kind of screwed over, that already was in motion.
And really quickly, even though the music ran out, the commentary ran that over, I'll say there's also a 100-game Atari collection on its way to Steam.
This looks to be based off the iPhone or iPad Atari collection that's already out there, but Atari Vault apparently was supposed to show up at PAX South this weekend.
I haven't heard a lot about it, but that was something that came up last week when Atari announced it.
So there you go, last week's news set to Holic.
Anything else you guys wanted to say on the NX thing, since I was trying to fit in all that news a minute and a half?
I don't really care what the resolution is. I just hope it's, you know, modern specs.
Yeah, that's the only thing that matters.
Let's not do what we did with, I mean, it worked okay for the Wii because you had a unique control system, did not work very well for the Wii U.
No.
Let's just catch this shit up.
I'm finding the handheld being a little bit lower resolution. I don't even know, what's the resolution on the Wii U gamepad? I'm not really sure.
It's not that great.
It's not that great, but I believe some Wii U games will run 1080p 60 frames a second.
I'm fine, who cares? Oh, it's 100 less pixels. That's not going to be so noticeable.
I'd rather have 60 frames than 100 more pixels.
I'd rather have Nintendo fix some of their, I'd rather have Nintendo brace online a little more.
I'll trade you 180ps for better online ecosystem. Whatever 180p is worth.
Which they are trying to kind of move towards, it seems, so they're just very slow about it.
Incredibly slow about it.
Alright, well we'll see. I mean, again, this is just rampant speculation until Nintendo themselves clarify something which I really don't anticipate to happen until E3.
I know a lot of folks are saying, oh, but if the handheld is coming this year, Nintendo has to say something before the fact. Do they?
I'm not so sure they have to.
Which is interesting because as part of that whole rumor and what's gaining steam there, do you remember the very first episode of the year of predictions?
I actually said, they'll sell the handheld this year and they'll sell the console next year.
It looks like that is actually happening. Not to talk myself up too much, but let's be real, I called that.
Potentially. We won't know until E3, for sure.
I don't know. We'll see. I mean, I just hope it's good.
Yeah. Maybe the fact that the Wii U releases have been very, very quiet and they've really...
I don't want to say they've artificially stretched out their calendar, but I do feel like Mario Maker got pushed back, Star Fox got pushed back,
Zelda got pushed back. It's almost like they took a lot of the stuff they had for 2015 and really pushed it back to fill out 2016.
And granted, probably give us some better games in the long run.
No, and they have to do that too because the reason why is they don't have the third party support anymore.
Even the companies that used to support them aren't really doing it anymore.
But maybe they've taken a lot of the resources that would be developing games and now they're all developing for NX right now.
It could be that. I think a lot of it's just not seeing the sales and it's just not worthwhile to them to develop a Wii U version of the game.
But hasn't Wii U broken at least 10 million at this point? It seems like there's enough of them.
It's not a flop. It's not a total flop. It's not like a freaking N-Gage or something.
It's just the Wii U is... it's alright. It's not a Playstation 4, but it's alright.
And at least if you're releasing something at retail, there's not a lot competing with it on that platform. So you got that going for you, I guess.
Alright, well that was last week's news. We're going to start to transition into this week and what's going on in video games.
We will get to the news from this week, but we do always at the top of the show like to go around and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
And how was your gaming week? Shane, you're the guest. We'll start with you tonight. How was your gaming week?
It was fine. I've played an ungodly amount of Final Fantasy Explorers. No, seriously, everybody I know is like, oh, we're just now getting into two-star quests and three stars.
I'm all by myself at seven-star quests, because it's basically Phantasy Star Online with a little bit of Monster Hunter, and it's just a lot of fun to me, so I don't want to quit playing it.
What is it about the game that keeps you going on it?
It's Phantasy Star Online with a little Monster Hunter, and I can't quit playing it.
And why Phantasy Star Online? What about that draws you to the game to keep playing?
It's just a fun little beat-em-up where I get to level. Well, you don't really level up your character. You get like ELs, which is, I don't remember what the E stands for, but the more quests you do, the farther you progress in the main quest, the more your levels go up.
It's just hack and slash, run to an area, kill a boss, kill this many enemies. I don't know, it's fun. It's a great time waster, and my little character is adorable.
Do you play a lot online? I know we played online a little bit this week, but...
Oh, just with friends.
You don't play with strangers?
Not yet. I will probably do that eventually, because all my friends, again, aren't where I'm at, and I can't get any farther right now because my gear kind of sucks.
And that's where the farming aspect comes in, because you make all your gear.
Do you just have to grind old stuff over and over to make...
Yeah, because you need materials from specific bosses or enemies, and some of the bosses have different parts you can break to try to get items, and it's tedious in the Monster Hunter way, but I still have fun with it.
And that's really it for Explorers.
And I've been playing, you know, my music games on my iPad, a little bit of Diablo because of the seasonal characters, and that's it. I don't play any other games right now.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, let's see, this week I played lots of Fallout 4, so I had that, and then of course Lego Avengers came out, so I've been playing that to unlock characters for my son to play as, mainly just trying to get through everything.
I finished the first two, well I finished all the story missions, or most of the story missions, the main ones that they have in there, so now they have the free kind of open world gameplay stuff unlocked so they can play that.
And it's got a lot of really obscure characters in it.
Originally my kind of gripe about the game was that instead of going with original voice actors for the characters like they did with the last one, which I thought they were great.
I mean they had Troy Baker doing Loki and stuff, which I thought was fantastic.
They instead went with the movie sounds, the movie clips basically, they kind of took the audio from the movies and just spliced it up to do the voices for the characters, which is fine.
And at first I didn't like it, but then kind of watching what they did with it was kind of funny, because there will be different things like dialogue from the movie, and the stuff that they have going along with the dialogue is really silly.
So it kind of plays off each other, although some of the little one liners that they have throughout the game are kind of annoying and very repetitive, because they only have a small library of clips to choose from.
Aside from that, the game looks good. I had a lot of fun with it. The cars drive like absolute shit, so they completely fucked the cars over. They're so weighty and just annoying, but they did that.
I don't know, they have some pretty interesting characters though, like I got Fing Fing Foom unlocked, and just like the little missions you have to do to unlock these characters are pretty silly, and plus he gets really huge and my son loves that.
Aside from that, I played a little bit of Ingress, not so much as I have been, because I'm on that new schedule where I don't have a lot of free time, so I played a little bit of that, mainly on my commute to and from work.
And aside from all of that stuff, I caught up on a lot of the awesome games done quick stuff, so I watched.
Oh, that's right, because they archive everything.
Yeah, they archive it, and I haven't been able to, I didn't catch it live, so I was watching the speedruns for Kaizo Mario 3, for the Legend of Zelda Link to the Past reverse boss order run, which is pretty awesome.
The Mario Maker hard levels, and they had the blind hard levels that they ran, there was also, I'm trying to think of the other run I watched, I want to go through the Final Fantasy one that they had, I think it was Final Fantasy IV.
It was IV, they did IV right at the end.
It might have been IV, yeah, so I got to watch IV, mostly a lot of the Mario ones, and the Taskbot stuff, I was watching some of that, but I find it so entertaining compared to just like, I can watch a channel of that.
And I am, I'm watching a YouTube channel of that, but I'm just saying that stuff is really interesting, I'm surprised they can't put that on TV, I guess a lot of people might not be interested that long or something, I don't know, but I find it really interesting at least.
So that's it, that's pretty much what I did this week.
Awesome. Well my gaming week, I've been playing a lot of Diablo III because of the seasons, I am just shy of Paragon 400 for the season, that means I'm already further progressed than I was last season.
And you remember last season I talked about what an ungodly level I was at, you know what's really pushed things along this season? The fact that they give you a full set of set gear, essentially right after you hit 70, I mean you have to do some achievements to get it, but it's manageable.
And yeah, that really propelled what I was able to do and has made this season crazy competitive. Some of the record holders and people that are doing really crazy stuff out there, already above Paragon 1000.
You know, Extrofer's partner plays a lot, he's like Paragon 700 something, so I mean I feel insignificant next to all them, but I'm having fun with it and that's the important thing, it's actually something Alan and I do together a lot.
Usually after he gets home from work we'll play Diablo and keep trying to push a higher and higher level rift that the two of us can do. We just did a 57 last night and I think that's the highest we've ever done as a duo.
I think the highest we ever got last season was 53 or 54, so I mean yeah it's kind of crazy to see that progression. I don't know if Diablo's going to keep raising the ceiling like that, I'm hoping they're going to announce a new expansion sooner rather than later, I really hope that's in the cards for Diablo.
But having a lot of fun with that. Season play, not available on consoles because online on consoles has already been exploited and they can't really do the same thing there that they can do on PC.
I also went back and visited some retro stuff on Wii U Virtual Console because I had some things to catch up on, namely Metroid Zero Mission. I finally had to download and play some of that.
If you think about it, that was the last 2D Metroid game they made. God, I miss that game. I just miss those style of Metroid games. I liked Other M more than most people did, but it's still not the same thing as those old 2D Metroid games. I never got into Prime.
Prime is really good though. I do, I especially like Prime 3, but I just can't love them the same way that I love the 2D games.
I wish they would do, was it Retro Studio is the one doing the Donkey Kong game? Yeah.
Yeah, so get Retro Studio to do a new 2D Metroid using that engine that Ubisoft has for their hand drawn. Oh yeah, that'd be pretty cool. Like the top light stuff.
Yeah, like a really beautifully done 2D game. You know what actually kind of game reminds me of that would be like Wario, was it Wario Land Shake or something like that? The one that they had that was all hand drawn that looked really awesome and nobody bought.
I don't even remember.
It was like a hand drawn 2D Wario game that was on the Wii and it looked really pretty, but no one bought it unfortunately, because it's Wario and not Mario.
Well the WarioWare games are fantastic. Yeah, we need another WarioWare game. I'm surprised we haven't seen one of those in a while. The last one they had was really shit though, wasn't it? Oh no, it was so much fun, especially the multiplayer. The Wii U one?
Yeah, but the game itself was not the same caliber as the rest of them. But maybe that'll be an NX thing, who knows. Anyway, also on virtual mode. Yeah, it'll come out with F-Zero too. Fingers crossed.
Also on Wii U along with Metroid Zero Mission, it's Super Mario Bros. Advance 4, but it's actually Mario Bros. 3, but because it has all the e-reader levels already unlocked in it.
Because they just used save states and I think they used a save state where all the e-reader levels had already been scanned in. And so that's the one that kind of loads by default and so you actually have access to all the e-reader levels.
So it's almost like you're playing Mario Maker but with Nintendo made levels. And so that's kind of fun. So if you've never played Mario Advance 4, I think it's worth a look. The only thing that throws me about that game otherwise is that it's hard to play Mario Maker on your TV.
Then go play Mario Advance 4 on your TV because the proportions are different so the levels don't look the same. Even though they are the same, they don't look the same. And so it kind of throws you a little.
They have the Mario Maker levels. Someone's already made the Mario Maker or levels in Mario Maker.
The e-reader levels, yeah. I'm not surprised to hear that.
What about the ones that they had on, was it like a Hudson version of Mario or something like that? There was a Hudson version of Mario that came out that had levels that weren't in gameplay elements that were in the normal Mario games but it never got released.
I don't remember that.
Yeah, I was on PC or something. We had covered it a long time ago.
Wasn't it the people that made Commander Keen tried to do a PC port of Mario 3?
No, no, no. It's not Mario 3. I don't remember what the hell it's called now. I just remember the graphics were really kind of funky looking. It was a PC or not an actual IBM or anything.
Hey, chat room to the rescue. Dark Tetsuya says the PC-88 Super Mario Bros. special.
That's what I meant. Yeah, so I'd be interested to see some of those levels. Hey, how about we add that version of it to Mario Maker? That'd be cool.
That would be cool. And then lastly on Virtual Console, just completely randomly versus Excitebike because it was on sale. So I got it cheap and I forgot how different the arcade version is.
But I remember playing the arcade version but the interface looks different and has the competitive element. Yeah, different.
And then the last game I've been spending a bit of time with this week is also Final Fantasy Explorers on the 3DS. But only a bit.
Yeah, I'm one of those people that's at the two and three star level, not where Shane is at.
Well, and the problem, I'm jumping in and taking over your week. The problem with the game is that it gives you tutorial quests at the very beginning of the game to get you accustomed to it.
However, what they don't tell you is that up until you get halfway through, maybe even towards the end of the three star quests, it's still a tutorial.
And that's very slow going. But once you get past that, it's just so much fun. So play it more.
I don't dislike the game. And I know Shane knows where I'm going to go with this. No, I don't. I already forgot. You do.
I don't dislike the game by any means, but here's my biggest problem with the game. It should be on Wii U. I really think this game would be so much better if they'd just done it for Wii U.
And I'm really trying to think, why did they make a game like this? Because they wanted to capitalize on the Monster Hunter crowd.
Because even if it's only slightly like Monster Hunter, all the really popular Monster Hunter games are handheld.
And if you'd let me finish, I would have said... No, no. I took care of it. It's fine.
Well, and I understand. The 3DS, especially considering this game was really for Japanese release, we didn't get it until way later.
And it was really for that market. I understand it in those terms that, okay, it's a little different. And yes, when you bring in the Monster Hunter, although there is a Monster Hunter game on Wii U, but it also sucks.
Yes, but one. And how many are handheld? 50 million.
Or I should say the demo sucked. I will give you this. It's now making me curious that maybe I need to go back and re-evaluate Monster Hunter on Wii U.
It did the same thing to me, but I know, because I have it on my 3DS, I know if I play it, I'm going to be like, this is still not a game for me. Back to Explorers.
But I just wish Explorers was on Wii U. I think it would just... Because it's so weird to me, playing it on 3DS, there's no 3D.
It does start to, like if you have a lot of stuff going on on the screen at one time, it does start to, you see the performance issues a little bit.
And I mean, it does online pretty well. I mean, for all jokes about it.
I haven't seen any disconnects or anything like that.
Yeah, me neither.
Why is it not on the Wii U? Because it wouldn't sell as well on the Wii U.
That's true.
And honestly, that's not a lie. And I get that.
And apparently, it's like selling really well here. People are having a hard time finding it.
Oh, is it? Oh, interesting. Well, they probably underestimated the demand for it.
Probably.
I mean, I know the Fantasy name goes a long way, but it's not just the name. It's the class design.
And, you know, there's a very big sense of familiarity.
And that's why I also wouldn't want to do Monster Hunter, is because this has magic and stuff.
Monster Hunter really doesn't have that. And Monster Hunter is more, I feel like, hardcore.
This is a game like Fantasy Star Online, where I can just sit back and have fun.
Look at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
AkumaJP says, Monster Hunter minus monthly fee equals heaven.
It's the monthly fee. Yeah, there's no fee or anything to play this game online.
Oh, I didn't... Does our Monster Hunter here have a monthly fee?
Not the Wii U one, for sure. I don't think it has online.
But here's the funny thing. I wonder if this Final Fantasy Explorers will outsell Monster Hunter here in the States.
No. Monster Hunter does well here, too.
In the States?
Yeah, it does well. It doesn't do as well as in Japan. But it does well here.
Okay. Well, that's fair.
Monster Hunter, the 3DS one that came out, what, last year for us?
You couldn't find physical copies anywhere when it first came out, too.
So, I think it's that genre that is picking up steam here.
Interesting.
Which is a perfect time for PSO2 to come out, might I say.
Thank you.
Sega PS4 release, please.
Thank you.
My one, maybe, complaint is that it does feel a little repetitive.
But I get that's what a Monster Hunter game is all about.
But it is like, okay, I'm going through the same area again, except now this person's here.
Or I'm going, and now these monsters are here.
And it is a little bit like, or at least it's varied.
Like, at least I'm not in the same environment on every map.
But, I don't know.
Well, then, if you also take into account the monster stuff, where, you know, you got your little followers.
Like, because I just learned this, because I was trying to get a couple of them.
They all have their own unique stats, and some will be better.
So, you'll always want to, like, capture and make them.
And then see what they offer you stat and ability-wise.
And then if they kind of suck, you'll go capture another one until you get one that you really like.
So, it's really, there's a deep customization.
Oh, and the spells and abilities, you customize those through.
And that's so in-depth.
It is neat.
Yeah.
How do you, how do I explain this?
Well, okay, I can do it.
Easy.
Okay, go for it.
So, I have, I play Blue Mage because it's blue.
And I learned the classic spell, Bad Breath.
And in Final Fantasy, that puts all these status ailments on you.
Well, I did what's called a mutation to it.
So, not only does it do that, but it also has a chance to cast death on the enemy to kill them immediately.
Or it can also put stone on them so they freeze in place.
And it all says freeze, so they freeze in place.
And how did you mutate?
These, I don't remember what it's called. Crystal something or other.
Crystal Surge.
Crystal Surge, yeah.
Which are arbitrary, and that's the thing that throws me about that whole process.
But that's how you, I guess that's how they keep the gameplay varied.
Otherwise, you're just gonna figure out a way to constantly bring up the ones you want to mutate your spells.
So, like, you start off with Cure and you want to put Haste on it.
Well, you can Crystal Surge it and maybe you'll get the one that has Haste, maybe you won't.
But if you cast Cure while you're under a Crystal Surge, you have a chance to proc that mutation and then you go learn it later.
You go learn that spell, then you have that Cure, we'll just call it like Cure 1, because that's what they do.
And you proc a Crystal Surge that does Float.
And if that, you know, shows up in your list and you use it and you use that Cure 1, now you have Cure plus Haste plus Float.
Okay, Bob Coffee is a Monster Hunter fan that looks like in our chatroom and giving some insight on the series.
Bob Coffee says, Monster Hunter starts out bad until you understand it, then kill some big-ass monster.
Monster Hunter 4U is online.
And Bonds006 says, there are some Monster Hunter clubs here in New York.
A group of friends meet bi-weekly on Sundays at Nintendo World NYC and play their Monster Hunter games.
Average about 8 people or more meet males and females.
Yeah, like I said, it's doing well here too, so we're catching up to that genre.
Alright, so I...
I need more wine, I'm already almost done again.
I like Final Fantasy Explorers, I don't love it like Shane does, but...
Shane super loves it.
Maybe I'm not far enough in yet.
I don't think you're far enough in, that's the thing.
I keep getting distracted by Diablo 3 and try to push further in that.
Yeah, just sit down and play more Explorers and once you get a little farther, and I can come help.
I mean, like, my EL is like 77 now, which is really high, so I can help.
But then, I don't know, here's the thing, don't take this the wrong way.
Nope, already took it the wrong way, because that's how you started it.
I had more fun fighting the Adolans by myself, because I felt like I was actually learning the fight and what to do,
as opposed to when I was doing them with you, and it was like, oh, they're dead, because Shane killed them.
That's how I feel when I bring out my Black Knight, because I'll sit back and die,
and he'll just go up there, because he's one of the monsters you can get, and he just owns everything.
I'll be trying to break a certain part off of a monster, but I can't because he already killed it,
or I'm trying to encase it and get its power.
Five minutes ago, he killed it, and I'm just, you know, winged it.
God damn it, you stupid Black Mage, I told you I could fucking do that.
Yeah, I mean, that was the thing, I finally learned what Ramuh was doing when I had to fight him by myself.
When we fought Shiva, I had no idea what the fuck was going on.
Oh, I still don't know Shiva.
And I actually learned, oh, the little red circle under you means that move is targeting you,
and so you want to keep running, so if it's an AOE, you're going to run out of it.
That whole time, like, I didn't figure that out until you weren't there.
Well, maybe if you played more and got to a point where I wouldn't kill things in, like, two hits.
The circle means I fire my most powerful spells at it. Oh, it's dead.
All right, some quick housekeeping tonight.
Sadly, even though we were out last week, we will be not here the week of, what is it, February 20th?
I don't remember the exact day, that's a Sunday, but I will be at MAGFest in the Washington, D.C. area,
National Harbor, to be exact, February 21st.
We will not be here with the show, because I'll be at MAGFest.
If you're going to be at MAGFest, be sure to stop by our forums, vognetwork.com,
and say hello in the MAGFest thread we have there, because there will be some sort of, like,
official, unofficial meetup, official in that it's vog-official, but unofficial in that we really,
we have nothing to do with the con itself.
We are going, as fans, we're not doing a panel, we're not doing anything, we're just going to have fun.
So, but we want to meet up with some of our listeners and such while we're there.
We'll really have our fingers and toes crossed for our buddy YYR that maybe he'll have a booth,
because that would be a great meeting spot to help promote the things he's working on,
I think his multitasking game, and so forth. So we have our fingers crossed for him.
But anyway, we're going to be there, well, I'm going to be there.
Sadly, low-key, Dark Soccer, not going to be there. Shane, definitely not going to be there.
No, I don't even know what you're talking about.
Music and games, it's going to be fun. You're going to miss out.
Maybe I'll take you to Rock Edge, which is like the West Coast version of that that's happening in a couple months.
No.
You're a hater, don't be a hater.
And Bobby Black Wolf, our pal from Bobby Black Wolf Show will be there.
Some of my other indie podcast friends will be there, like a couple of my friends from Koopa Club are going to be there,
or at least just one maybe, just one of my friends from Koopa Club is going to be there.
And yeah, so we're going to have a good time at MAGFest, looking forward to that very much.
That's really it for housekeeping, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R, also Facebook,
Facebook dot com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get into some news for the week. We're going to start off with Loki.
Alright, so Sony has decided to create a whole new subsidiary company to house their entertainment portion of Sony under.
So this is going to be Sony Interactive Entertainment, or SEI I guess, LLC.
And it'll be incorporated on April 1st. No, it's not a joke.
And I don't know how they're structuring everything, but I guess under that they're going to have hardware, game software, the PlayStation Network operations,
also PlayStation Vue, PlayStation Now, PlayStation Music, and their original content as well.
So it's kind of almost like the movie, the kind of video movie side of things, or the TV I guess on their services, combined with, you know, the other entertainment stuff.
So it's all the stuff that you can find kind of on their interactive platforms.
So, OMG, PlayStation is now an American company.
That is kind of interesting.
PlayStation is no longer a Japanese company, it's an American company.
That just means we're going to get another PlayStation experience then. Hey, that was so fun, I can't wait.
It's not going to be in Japan, it'll be here again.
Well, they never did them in Japan anyway.
Well, now they have more reason to do it here.
Yeah, and they'll be based out of San Mateo, California.
Which is a beautiful place.
Which is, to be fair, where it seems like most of the activity has been happening for PlayStation's arm anyway.
And most of the folks you see getting up on stage at events and things like that, it seems like PlayStation's been slowly moving that direction ever since the PlayStation 4 was released anyway.
I mean, I don't know, I'm not going to claim to know enough about the business side of things here on OLR as to why a company would make a move like this.
It's restructuring, you think?
Yeah, I guess you always hear about that with big companies. There's a restructuring going on to help with cost savings and blah blah blah.
Maybe it'll help make the numbers look better or something?
Maybe.
If they're like, one department's doing well and the other department's not doing so well, lump them together and kind of averages everything out? I don't really know.
Dungeon Buster, with some insight here at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, says they're basically consolidating all of their PlayStation stuff into a North American headquarter.
They're doing it to cater to what they apparently see as their biggest market.
Cool.
I don't know, they're doing pretty well so far, so I don't really have much to complain about.
Well, it's not like they're doing awful in Japan.
No, they're not doing awful in Japan.
Remember, the Vita is still a thing in Japan.
I wish it was more of a thing here, but they just don't want to make a bet.
They're saying they're going to change that.
They should change that. Or come out with something, I mean, come out with another handheld once the NX comes out or whatever.
I'd be interested to see another handheld from them. I thought the Vita was okay.
Even still, the dual analogs seemed like a great idea. It just didn't feel right.
And the backtouch thing is kind of annoying.
And the touch screen just didn't really utilize that well, I think.
And they always, every single time they do a handheld, they screw themselves over with the memory cards.
Oh god, yes. And they're stupid proprietary memory formats.
Just fuck it. Who cares? Who cares? Just use a standardized format.
I got a 32GB memory card for my 3DS that was like $17.
And then you can't even get a 32GB for a Vita for under $50? Or even maybe higher than that, I think?
I don't remember. I bought a 16GB one when I got the PlayStation TV.
I had some way back when I actually had a Vita, but I don't remember what I have now.
Still haven't really done anything with the PlayStation TV either, but I keep accruing free games with PlayStation Plus.
Here's some perspective from AkumaJP in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, who's actually in Japan,
who says, PlayStation 4 is not really a thing here. No JRPG means no Japanese users. Vita is doing well here.
And this might be an opportunity to bring up, because I don't think it's in our show world anywhere else,
but it definitely was something big, I think, that came out today or last night, and that is the Final Fantasy XV event had happened.
And they were showing some new gameplay from that, and then they announced a release date of a release date, I think?
Well, it's a release event, so they're going to announce the release date on March 30th, I think.
So we have a release date of a release date. March 30th is the big event, or what have you.
But didn't we have a pre-release date of a release date of a release date before this?
Because they said it was going to be spring, in which they would announce the release date, and now we have a release date for the release date.
Alright, awesome. But that is a big JRPG that's going to be coming for the PlayStation 4.
And I'm totally down with that. I can't believe it.
I don't know if that's necessarily going to turn things around.
I hope it's good. The demo's alright.
I'm interested. You know, with Final Fantasy, I'm probably going to check it out no matter what.
Did you watch the footage?
I saw it just a little bit.
It was actually interesting. It doesn't look like the same game that the demo we had before.
The demo was kind of hard to figure out what to do in. Like, the combat system really confused the hell out of me.
And I never played it when they redid it, kind of. I didn't play it. I don't know if it has a new combat system.
I hope they were mentioning they had the turn-based thing. I love the turn-based combat systems.
I don't know why everybody wants something differently. I thought, I love those games.
I love going back to the old 8-bit games or 16-bit games that had the turn-based system.
I don't see a problem with that.
Or a slight variation, like 12 had. 12 was great because of that. I like 13s as well.
I'm going to our chat over at live.fognetwork.com.
AkumaJP adding a little more, saying, yes, wait until Final Fantasy XV. That is when PlayStation 4 gets its mojo back for the Japanese users.
Final Fantasy VII Remake is another one.
The VII Remake looks pretty sweet. Especially if the combat system and everything is good in XV, I'm down with VII using that same engine.
Yeah, because VII just kind of looks like, here's Final Fantasy VII in the XV engine.
I think it just looks like you're playing Kingdom Hearts and Goofy's going to come run out of nowhere.
Or he'll be dressed up like Barret. And then Donald will be, I don't know, Red XIII.
I do want to see a new Kingdom Hearts with the Marvel and LucasArts.
Well, there is a new Kingdom Hearts coming at some point. Someday. We don't have a release date.
How fucking badass would that be? Fucking fighting the Heartless and shit with the Hulkbuster and shit in the background.
Okay, first off, fuck and shit are not going to be in a Kingdom Hearts game with Disney.
They should be. I mean, they're really, there's the whole Miramax side of Disney that they're completely ignoring.
Pulp Fiction world?
Pulp Fiction world? Kill Bill? I mean, we could totally do this. I don't understand why that's a problem.
Tarantino has enough fucks and shits for everybody.
Alright, well something that, a series that has me screaming fucking shit an awful lot is the series Five Nights at Freddy's.
And this is in part to Shane's bidding, by the way, as he convinces me to play these games. And then I get really scared playing them.
They're really good, though.
But, there's a new game in the series, but it's not really like the other games. It's Five Nights at Freddy's World.
Now, this was something big that happened in the news last week while we were out, is that the game ended up getting pulled from Steam.
And it was because it was getting some pretty bad press that the game didn't feel complete to a lot of people.
And I didn't play the game, so I don't know. Did you check out Five Nights at Freddy's World, being the big fan you are?
No, I did not because I just felt like other people would play it for me first and then I would make a decision.
And they did.
Why did it get released early?
Well, he always releases everything early, so that wasn't a surprise to me.
And I understand the complaints people had about it after watching it, so I'm glad I didn't buy it necessarily, but I still think it has the potential to be a good game.
And the foundations were there, mostly.
Well, Scott Cawthon ended up posting on Five Nights at Freddy's for Steam page because they ended up pulling Five Nights at Freddy's World saying,
Hi, I wanted to make a post about the fate of Five Nights at Freddy's World.
I was not satisfied with the reviews and ratings it's getting, so I've decided to remove the game from Steam.
I've asked Valve to make it so that the game can be refunded regardless of the amount of time it's been owned, meaning that anyone can get a refund at any time.
I'm going to work on Five Nights at Freddy's World and polish it up.
I've been creating a fully 3D overworld for the game.
When I'm ready to update, I will replace the demo currently on GameJolt with the full game.
From this point forward, the game will always be free.
I appreciate your support. I encourage you all to refund your Steam game, even if you enjoyed the game, and download the new version when it's available on GameJolt.
Now, I just want to point out real quick that it did have an overworld this game.
It was just in the Atari-style graphics that Scott has been known to do for his other games when it was a mini-game or sometimes story aspects in the other games.
It was just not a 3D world, which we had seen kind of previously in one of the trailers.
Wow, you can't fault him for doing what he did. At least he's offering refunds. He's not hosing everybody.
He's like, hey, sorry, I feel it needs more work. Here's your money back.
I think he just got way too excited for it. This is what he's known for. People like his stuff for various reasons.
Everybody was really excited to play it. He just wanted to get it out there.
It was missing a few things that maybe he didn't really think at the time were going to matter.
They would still get some enjoyment, but people are hypercritical.
With all respect to the guy who's had an amazing amount of success with a really good idea in a very short amount of time.
I've said on this show, Five Nights at Freddy's is probably the biggest indie game since Minecraft.
Of course, now we have Undertale. Still, there's not a lot of indie games that are fortunate enough to ride that kind of wave that Five Nights at Freddy's has.
This guy has found a lot of success in a short amount of time. In some ways, he's probably learning to deal with a lot of that, if that makes sense.
I'm not faulting him for having the bad game, making a mistake, releasing it early, and so forth.
Part of me wonders if maybe now is the time for him to look at maybe partnering up with somebody, like a publisher or something, that maybe can help him set some of these parameters so he doesn't do that.
But, okay, he made a mistake. He fessed up for it. The weird thing about this is I feel like the pendulum has now swung from one extreme to the other.
It's gone from, okay, you really released a game early and asked people to pay money for it when you shouldn't have and it wasn't really ready.
Okay, you made a mistake there, but at least he owned up to that mistake. So maybe he could have done what Warner Brothers did with Batman.
We're pulling the game and we'll re-release it when it's ready, that type of thing. But now I kind of feel like the pendulum swung to the other extreme.
Like, I fucked up so badly, I'm just going to give it away for free. And I almost feel like, well dude, you don't have to go that far.
He's doing that to keep the good will because he is just a single person making these games.
He's probably doing well enough to where he's just like, whatever, who cares. I just wanted to make this. If you don't like it, well, it's free.
He couldn't have the same clout as Warner Brothers saying, we'll release it later and you have to pay for it still.
Now he already took their money, but now he's like, okay, here's it back. I'm sorry, as an apology, this is just going to be free for everybody.
And that just is like, you're awesome. Thank you.
But I think it would have been fine if he said, you know what, if you want to get a refund, get your money back, you can.
Otherwise, we're going to try re-releasing this game and it'll be 20% off or something when it comes out.
You know what I mean? Like, I think you could still get away with charging money for it and be okay because Warner Brothers fucking did it.
If you followed his stuff, he seems like one of the nicest guys out there.
Sure.
And this doesn't seem, I mean, this seems like-
And I'm not saying this to be mean to him or anything.
No, no, no. But this just seems in his character that this is not actually surprising what he's doing with the refunds and going to release it for free.
Because that's just the sort of person he is based on everything I've ever seen about him and his posts and stuff.
So he's still a jerk for not unlocking the box in Five Nights 4 because we're never going to know what's in that box.
Going to a chat for some feedback over at live.vognetwork.com.
SHO 100 Matt says he got full of himself and didn't think it needed the amount of QA as he normally did.
Dungeon Buster says he should have held it back until it was done to avoid all of this.
There are other indie developers under the same pressure, but they had the good sense to hold back despite the backlash delays might have caused.
I agree he owed up to it and is going to re-release it as a free game, but wow, it's a situation that could have been completely avoided.
Kaijuto says maybe he has ADD. A lot of gamers have that.
I think those are all just too harsh on him honestly. I think he just got excited and wanted to put it out there.
And it just wasn't what people wanted and it was missing some key things.
This is going to sound harsh, again I'm not picking on him, but he made a rookie mistake.
He's a rookie.
Exactly, and I think we kind of forget he's a rookie. He's not on that level that you think Warner Brothers should be at and so forth.
So maybe that's why I'm saying the pendulum is swinging too far to the other direction because I'm like, give the guy a break.
He's probably getting a lot of this all at once and he just ended up that over-eager guy that announced something before it was ready.
So, I don't know.
I still don't think it was about getting money from people for an unfinished product.
I think in his mind that it was basically a finished product, but I don't think he probably has any play testers either to really see, oh you're missing this key thing.
He probably doesn't trust anybody.
No, I wouldn't. With something like that, since it is kind of a huge franchise all of a sudden, I wouldn't trust anybody.
Yeah, it's tough. It's probably a lot all at once. I hope he's doing okay.
I'm sure he is. He's probably sitting on his money couch drinking his money wine and we'll be fine.
Heading over to Beyonce's old house to hang with Notch and they can laugh on their money pit.
No, but all that joking aside, maybe, and to be fair in my pendulum experience, maybe that's what he had to do to relieve himself of that burden.
And just be like, okay, now that I've given it away, I am not going to be sad about this anymore because I know I'm doing the right thing.
Maybe that's what it ultimately boils down to. And if that's what he had to do for his own well-being, then cool. I support that.
I think in the long run, what will be seen from this story is that he was somebody who made a game that owned up to his mistakes and then gave people their money back and let everybody play it for free.
It's not going to be seen as a greedy developer that tried to take people's money by releasing an unfinished game. I think that's the moral of this story.
Alright, well let's move on. Shane has been good enough to fill in for Dark Sakura's stories tonight, even though you have no idea what she volunteered to read about tonight.
Yeah, so there's one later I really don't want to read.
But this one's okay, right?
This one's fine. So remember there's this thing called E3 and it used to be really cool, but now it's just garbage?
It's like this big place where they have video games.
That's you saying this and not me, wow.
Well, I've been to what's considered E3 ever since it turned to garbage.
Well, hold on, let's back up a minute. Because I think anybody who's been following the news this week knows what this is leading to. Why did you call E3 garbage? Why are you calling E3 garbage?
Because it's nothing but media appointments now and big open spaces where you might see like, okay, the last time I went to E3 I was over in the Activision area.
And literally Activision's area was a big screen that had Call of Duty on it and that was it. Everything else was behind for press.
I don't even remember why I was at the last E3 I went to, but before I've been there as industry because I worked at Konami and I got in for other things.
But they had games out you could play, it was super fun. But Activision, this last E3 I went to, whenever that was, was just a big Call of Duty screen and that's it.
If you weren't somebody that had an appointment, you couldn't do anything in Activision's booth.
And that's the same for most of the booths, though some had some games out, but everything was still basically by appointment.
I will say this much, and I've had my gripes about E3 and they're not all that dissimilar from what Shane is saying.
My favorite booth at E3 the last year I went was the IndieCade booth.
Oh, you probably went a year after I did.
Yeah, it was all the independent developers showcasing their game. You know why that was my favorite booth?
Because you love indie stuff.
That I could walk up, play a game, talk to the developer right there, ask any question I want, and get a decent answer.
It's like the indie ones didn't have a script to stick to or whatever. Everything else is so watered down by publicists and everything.
It's like there's not a lot of, I mean, okay, you can have the status of I played this game early, woohoo, you played the on-rails version of something.
And now a lot of stuff you can't even play anymore. Like when we went to do Assassin's Creed, they played it for us. That was the year, that was Unity.
Remember, didn't we go to the Civilization thing and they were just like, we sat in a booth or a theater and they just showed it on screen and played it?
Which I didn't mind because it was Civilization.
I was like, I don't know, this game is boring.
Shut up, I love Civ. I didn't mind that because I love Civ.
I was gonna just interject, because of something Loki said earlier, I did get to play DJ Hero on the 3DS and that never came out and that does make me happy that I got to experience that.
I hate you so much.
It really wasn't that good, so you're not missing anything. But I did have an exclusive track on that demo.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, except for hands-on, anything you could see about an appointment will be on the internet in HD within 12 to 18 hours.
That's pretty true. There's always swag though too.
Not so much anymore.
Well, I'm sure not anymore.
Again, mostly from the indie stuff. The appointments I had where I was seeing things like, you know, Hex was...
I understand that we have packs and stuff that kind of fills this void, but can we just get like an indie 3 type convention that's just all indie games?
I think you just said it.
Yeah, but I don't like packs. I don't want to go to packs.
IndieCade does have a convention of their own in LA, to be fair.
Anyway, what was the point of this story?
I don't know. We just don't like E3.
But we're not the only ones apparently, kind of.
EA decided that this year they will not be on the E3 floor.
They're going to do their own thing across the street.
It's going to be called EA Play, and it's actually going to let fans go and play their stuff.
Which, I mean, Mass Effect.
Like, I kind of want to go to go play Mass Effect.
But they're saying, no, we still support the Entertainment Software Association. Nothing like that.
They want fans to get a hold of their games and not have that information be filtered through the media.
Which is great, because that's kind of...
I kind of can't believe I'm going to pat EA on the back, but...
EA's not that bad, oh my god. Quit playing into stereotypes.
No, I'm not playing into stereotypes with EA.
Because they're the ones that came up with the stupid...
Well, they came up with the whole online pass thing.
So, no, I'm not giving a pass for that.
But this is totally separate.
You're not going to give them an online pass, right?
I'm not giving them an online pass for that.
But this is totally separate.
I like these events where they have consumers able to play their products and stuff.
It's kind of like how E3 was, like, way a long time ago.
And also...
Technically, no. Consumers were never able to get into E3.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Really? So those little kids I saw running around E3, they weren't consumers?
Those were industry...
They were midgets, okay?
They were little people that...
They have a disease that they don't age...
You guys, the rules were paper thin before.
We all know that, but technically...
I'm going to get a comment or an email if I don't say...
Technically, it was never a consumer show. Wink.
But what I'm saying, though, is they're going to get...
I think more impressions or better feedback from having their consumers play their games.
Because their consumers...
The media is just going to say, oh, this is great.
And then right up the story it says, oh, this is great.
No matter what it is.
Because they got free time with whatever game.
Yeah, I mean, they're going to have the new Titanfall this year.
They're going to have Mass Effect.
Oh my gosh.
I want to go to not E3.
I want to go to EA3 or whatever.
I have this real concern that Shane is going to try to talk me into this stupid road trip.
It won't take much.
I'll be like, hey, guess what?
Mass Effect.
Let's go.
Hey, guess what?
We drove all the way down there.
Mass Effect's not there.
It'll be in video form only.
I would be so mad.
I'd leave them there.
It's a trailer that's on YouTube where I...
It'll be the same trailer from last year.
I'd leave them there.
I'd be like, you can take a Greyhound bus from downtown LA.
Get home.
That'd be hilarious.
This is great, though.
Every company should do that.
And then...
Do you think this could be...
Just throwing it out there.
Do you think EA could be trying to strong arm E3 into going public?
Because maybe for all...
As much as we complain about EA in the past, all these complaints are years old issues.
Online pass, charging for cheat codes.
This is an EA of several years ago.
People change.
It's fine.
So could EA maybe be getting a read?
Could EA be hearing shows like this?
Obviously they're not listening to this one.
But could they be hearing shows like this?
And we're not the only ones to sit here and go.
E3 is not what it used to be.
Maybe they're looking at the Sony experience thing where they did that.
Or any of the foreign ones like Tokyo Game Show and Gamescom.
Don't those have public data?
Could they be trying to strong arm E3 into going public?
No, I don't think so.
I mean, didn't Activision...
No, Activision bowed out, was it last year?
They did, but they didn't hold a competing event across the street.
Like that's...
I mean, yes, Activision did do this.
So this isn't like unfounded or whatever.
But Activision did not do something across the street.
Maybe they just didn't want it.
The closest thing they did was they had that arena that they rented out for DJ Hero.
And they had like Rihanna and Eminem.
But that's not the same thing as Come Play Our Games.
Why I think they're doing is they're pulling a NUYA where they just don't want to pay for the space there.
But they're paying for something there.
They're having meeting rooms.
Well, I understand that they're having meeting rooms.
But they're not paying for floor space, which is probably really expensive.
It's probably maybe cheaper to rent a space next door and have the press walk us across the street.
What Shane is saying is kind of accurate.
Is that you go to Activision's booth, it's just meeting rooms.
Konami had nothing but meeting rooms.
Well, they shouldn't have anything this year at all.
Yeah, I know. LOL.
But I want to say the last year...
Take their slot machines.
The last year I was at E3, EA had like maybe some kiosks with like one or two games.
But the big bulk of their booth was meeting rooms.
E3, again, just not what it used to be.
If you don't have booth appointments, don't go to E3.
It's a waste of your time.
Yeah.
Man, remember like one of those years at Konami, it was like, let's go sit in the room from Silent Hill 4.
This is awesome. I think that was like all of our first years.
That was the very first year all of us went.
Like, you go there now and everything is so sterile looking and vacant.
It's like, you used to have to be kind of packed in to walk around E3.
Now there's all this free open space because they just have like a monitor up with videos.
And then there was also the very awkward wrestling ring with the Rumble Roses cosplayers.
And like the very awkward photos people were taking with them.
It was brilliant.
SSG100Matt with a thought.
I think they want to manage their own space themselves and not be micromanaged by the space of E3 and having to compete with others around them.
Well, you know, they don't have to compete because there's nothing really going on on the floor.
Hey, at least Suya's not going to be there next year or across the street next year.
So, you know, that's one lesson.
Remember the really last great E3 when it was like, I think it was Sega and NC Software.
Like, they both had stages and they were just like blaring music at each other.
It got so loud. That was fun.
This is why the line to do anything Nintendo is like 17 hours long because they're one of the only boosts where you can walk up and play games.
But it's like, you know, everybody at E3 has literally nothing else to do but do that at Nintendo.
To be fair, Sony and Microsoft also always had a good showing of games out on the floor there.
But now even Sony, like you said, is moving to their own pretty successful event that they do.
So hopefully this just makes the Entertainment Software Association realize their show kind of sucks and they need to do something about it.
Maybe one last question. Was E4 All just ahead of its time?
What is that? I don't even know what that is anymore.
That was the replacement show.
Okay. Do you remember when E3 moved to the Santa Monica airport because it was the disaster?
I wasn't going at that point.
It was the year after the disastrous Sony press conference and they got all that negative press.
And a lot of companies got negative press that year.
But that was also the last good year to go.
And they all threatened to pull out of E3 because of all the negative press.
And so the ESA said we're going to really lock it down.
We're only going to let this many people in and we're going to do it at the Santa Monica airport.
However, they were under contract to the city of Los Angeles that they would do these yearly events.
So what they did instead is they had this event called E4 All that was open to everybody.
And All Games, the network this show used to be on, I know had a presence there because they did a booth there.
Yeah, I remember that.
I didn't go because the timing was different and I couldn't do it.
Didn't they have the record holders for the different arcade games and stuff like that?
Yeah, and I remember the guys on All Games Interactive were in with Twin Galaxies.
So I feel like they collaborated on something.
Sorry guys, my memory is fuzzy. Some of you guys probably remember this better than I do.
But the point of the story is that was the replacement show that they did for E3 but not nearly as many developers.
I think Nintendo was there one year, Microsoft was there the other.
But it wasn't like they had that huge buy-in that E3 had.
Was it maybe ahead of its time?
Why don't we just get rid of E3 period? Let everybody do their own things and it's great.
Don't you think that might spread things too thin though?
No, because right now what does E3 accomplish besides announcements? Nothing. I do not care.
I like watching the press conferences. Can we just have the press conferences? Let's just do press conference day and we're done.
Yeah, that's fine too. But E3 otherwise does not serve a purpose like it used to anymore, I feel like.
So get rid of it. Or completely retool it.
Can we do what they did that was a 2006 where it's like, hey, Capcom, perfect example, Capcom.
Hey, we're going to have these games and these demos out on, you know, you can go play them on the show floor or you can play them at home.
You know, they had Lost Planet and they had fucking, it was MotoGP 6, I think.
And there was some other game that was in there as well. There's like three games that they had demos for.
It wasn't necessarily just Capcom, but they had one other one.
I remember that though.
And I thought that was like the coolest thing. It's like, this is sweet because I'm not going to be able to get to play this on the show floor.
And like Nintendo, the past couple of years has done, hey, you can't get to E3, we'll go to like a Best Buy.
And we're going to have games. You don't like that? I thought that was great.
Yeah, I understand to go to the Best Buy and stuff, but it's like limited.
Come to Lion Con, have the same experience.
It's limited Best Buys and stuff. Just put a fucking demo on your goddamn online service.
It's like, gee, if only we had a fucking online storefront where we could offer demos to people for the play.
No, instead you go to Best Buy. Not all Best Buys, just specific ones.
Alright, alright. We gotta just make early access for everything.
Alright, we gotta move on for time, so let's get to the next story, Loki.
Might as well just send you the Blockbuster video to go play Mario Kart.
That'd be awesome.
I remember doing that too. It was pretty awesome.
Anyways, so Steam right now, they have the whole market for early access kind of to themselves.
But, thankfully, Good Old Games, they're going to be launching their own service as well.
It's similar to early access, but they're going to have a little bit more of a curated experience.
So, basically, they want all gamers on GOG.com to have access to these titles that they have to offer.
But, they want to do it right, carefully evaluating each and every game, offering a 14-day refund policy,
and providing GOG Galaxy support with update rollback and more.
Basically, they said refunds will be eligible to anyone in the 14-day window for any reason.
And they'll be taking requests also for additional inclusions as well.
And the games will kind of be a part of this.
Starbound, Ashes of the Singularity, Project Zomboid, TerraTech, and the Curious Expedition are going to be the first few games that are offered that.
And they're being offered also without DRM still.
So, I think that's a good idea.
And also to kind of commemorate the program they're going to be launching, doing some discounts as well.
And that's going to be effective until February 2nd.
Do you think you might participate in this early access?
Participate in it? Like, what do you mean? Like, put my game up there?
Yeah, or no, no, I mean like...
Whenever I get done with that?
Get one of the games that are on there.
I don't really buy anything through good old games.
Not to say I don't have anything in the library and stuff, but I'm not really buying stuff on Steam either.
Okay, I take that back.
I am still padding my stupid account with games I'm never going to play, but...
Did you get the latest Humble Bundle? Because it's all Civilization games.
No, I didn't because I have a lot of those already.
Just saying. If you have not seen the latest Humble Bundle, it's like all Civilization games.
It is all Civilization games.
Shame you didn't buy it.
No.
I have, but see, and I was going to, but I have Civ III complete already and I have Civ V.
And I just didn't need more Civilization games. I still haven't played Civ V.
There's no such thing as not needing more Civilization games.
There is. It's called being sane.
I mean, I guess if I was really into it, this might be worthwhile, but I just don't want to pay for something I'm not going to...
Okay, ha ha ha. I'm not going to pay for something I'm not going to play.
That's my entire Steam library, so I can't really say that.
I just don't want to make that same mistake currently.
I don't know.
Alright, well, moving on. This is a game that didn't have an early access program, but it did have a Kickstarter.
And Kickstarter said that the game would be out in April 2015.
Well, yet again this past week, Mighty No. 9 was delayed again.
This was after they said that February 9th would be the release date, and I almost want to say they said in that announcement, no more delays.
Well, guess what? Now they have pushed it back to spring 2016.
Naughty Dog did the same thing with Uncharted.
We're done delaying it. Here's a delay.
The reason for the delay is rooted in bugs inside the network modes, and specifically problems with matchmaking.
There are two large reasons for this problem, one of them being the large number of platforms supported,
and the other stems from the fact that the engine we're using is no longer being updated,
which means adjustment for matchmaking and online code are being made manually,
miscalculations on the part of us, the development staff.
So, I mean, we'll get into this a little later in the Fugu question of the week, but what do you guys think at this point?
I just don't care.
I'm kind of at that point, too, where I'm like, it'll be out when it's out. I don't even listen to their days anymore.
I don't really care. I hope it's good. I mean, that's really all I care about is I hope it's good at this point.
I have so many other things I'm wanting to play or work on or that type of stuff that this isn't even on my radar really right now.
I know it's coming out, but I'm not like, ooh, I can't wait to play that.
I would rather just have a real Mega Man game at this point.
Mighty No. 9 has not really captured my interest since they announced it, and the more I see of it, actually the less excited I am for it.
Yeah, I'm kind of with you on that.
It's just, it's like, I don't know, like a generic Mega Man game that maybe some random,
oh, this is like a Mega Man game they would put in the Mega Man block on awesome games done quick,
but it's one of those knockoffs that's really not that great.
It's Mega Man PC. I don't know if you ever played Mega Man PC. It was Mega Man, but it was just different. It was off.
You know, there's a franchise that would benefit from like a Mario Maker-esque type game, like a Mega Man thing,
where you can design your own bosses. Yeah, design your own bosses.
I don't know how you do that, but all right.
Oh, easily.
Attack patterns.
Yeah, attack patterns and also just, you know, your imagination. Do you not have imagination?
No, I do not.
All of yours would just be like Drag Queen Man or something.
That sounds awesome. Oh, my God. I would make a Mega Man game that's just you battle contestants from RuPaul's Drag Race.
Oh, it's terrible.
Oh, my God. Okay, now I'm on board.
Edit this out. I did not say that.
Oh, my God. You are going to play my game and it's going to be called Lip Sync for Your Life.
Is it going to be amazing?
No.
Day one. It's on Kickstarter today.
I could not back it. You're right.
Come on, though. You could fight like, oh, God, what could you do? You could fight Sharon Needles would be a boss.
She had like needles that she could show.
Yeah, she could have like actual needles.
Oh, my gosh. Let's just stop this. This is not a good conversation.
Or you could have Latrice Royale who would just like wave her head and like it would cause these like waves to go out.
No, this is all bad.
This is good. I love this. I love this.
Serena Cha-Cha could throw a little Puerto Rican flags at you.
I'm so done. So done.
Yeah, this idea sounds terrible.
Yeah, I don't want this game to be made.
Fine, then let's go to the next story.
Well, Sony tried to trademark Let's Play.
Thankfully, the USPTO, which stands for Words, decided, no, you don't get to do that. The end.
The USPTO stands for Words?
I mean, it stands for some sort of words. I'm not sure.
I think it's Patent and Trademark Office.
But you missed the US, which is probably United States.
I think so. I think it's pretty safe to say that's what it means.
It could mean anything, though, because I didn't finish reading the article.
But thankfully, I know a little more about what's been going on, because we've been talking about this on the show previously.
I know you have, so go ahead and talk about it.
Some people are wondering like, why are you talking about it again? Because...
They actually rejected it this time.
Yes, this is the actual rejection now that happened this time.
Before, it was just like, was it Ubisoft that was getting mad about that? No, that was a different...
No, it was the whole internet was getting mad about it, actually.
Ubisoft and EA were getting mad about something. It was a ghost. That's what they were getting mad about.
But it's also a trademark thing. That's why it got mixed up in my head.
You can't trademark ghosts. Ghosts have been around way before you and Ubisoft.
Well, on a related note...
EA made ghosts. I've never heard a ghost until EA said something about it.
Yes, EA did make ghosts. When they killed all those different companies they purchased.
Konami, too.
On a related note, because a couple weeks ago when we had our last show, we talked about this Let's Play thing.
We were reading a blog post from this ryanmorrisonlaw.com.
Yep, the game...
Yeah, and I've actually been reading more of his stuff.
Now, I think I might want to invite him on the show if he's willing to do it. I don't know.
Because now, again, I'm looking at this guy's blog, and he did a whole piece on it, and I had no idea that this was...
Because it's kind of related, but did you know that... Do you know who the Fine Brothers are?
Yes, I watch them all the time.
Yes, I watch all the different videos and all the reaction videos.
That's what they do. They're all the reaction videos.
No, I meant people reacting to their announcement, yes.
It's the Don't You Feel Old videos, because it's kids playing 8-bit games, and they're going,
This is stupid.
They had one for the songs from classic games, and I couldn't even get all of them.
But some of the kids got more than I got. I was surprised.
Okay. Well, did you know that they registered a trademark for the word React?
I think that's dumb, but I see where they're coming from, because almost all of their videos are something reacts.
Yeah.
Something reacts.
But they didn't invent that idea.
No, but lots of things get trademarked where people don't invent ideas.
That doesn't make it right.
It doesn't! I'm just saying, like that Edge thing from a long time ago. Edge trademarks.
Yeah, I remember that.
Okay. I can talk in lengths about this, because this is all I've been reading up on the last few days.
Please! Please!
Alright, so basically the Fine Brothers, they came out with this brand new thing that they're coming out with called React World.
It's basically, you and I, we can go ahead now and make our own reaction videos.
And we can do that by going through their licensing system, and they are going to give us basically just the graphics and whatever.
And we can film it, and then they get a portion of our revenue from our ads.
They monetize it basically once we've done it.
Hey, I have an idea. How about podcast hosts react to this trademark announcement?
So they basically did this, and they're also trademarking all their different show names, which are, you know, Kids React.
Teens React.
They already have Teens React. They already have two of them.
They have Teens React and Elders React already trademarked.
Oh, okay.
And so the other ones that they're doing, like Kids React.
Which is weird, if they haven't done Kids React, because that was their first one.
Well, Kids React is, there's a few other ones that they're trying to trademark.
Aside from that, there's also like the Try Not to Smile.
The law guy actually outlined some of these.
Celebrity Reacts, Adults React, Parents React, Kids vs. Food, Lyric Breakdown, People vs. Technology, and Try Not to Smile or Laugh.
Yeah.
Shane would do pretty well at that.
So they had all this stuff that basically the system then.
And they touted it as like, they're not corporate, you know, they're totally going the opposite direction as corporate Hollywood.
And they're bringing the community together because these videos are going to be so impactful that 100 years from now, people are going to wonder like, what did those people think about stuff from earlier than that?
Oh my gosh, 100 years from now, I know that if I were around then, I would wonder what kids thought about Nyan Cat.
Because that was my first one I saw.
I basically thought that this is a great thing, and so that's where it is.
And of course, people are fucking pissed because they're like, listen, you didn't invent this shit, the React videos have been around forever.
And of course, the Fine Brothers are just saying, oh well, this is just to protect our shows, we're not actually going to try to tell you that you can't make your own reaction videos.
Except that they are, because they are pulling takedown notices.
And a lot of people in chat are bringing up the fact that they are doing season to season.
They're doing season to season on people that are reacting to this video, which is fucking ironic because they're saying, oh, you can't use our content without our permission.
Except that they're doing the exact same thing to the other videos.
It's all under fair use.
One of the takedowns was for Ellen or something like that.
No, Ellen Show did their own Kids React. It wasn't even called Kids React.
She had some kids on her show, and then she does this quite often with different things where they will show them, here's a phone from the 80s, here's what a cell phone looks like, what do you think this is?
And they're reacting to it. They didn't call it anything.
And they got fucking butthurt about it and went on their social media pages and everything and said, we need you to fucking tell Ellen that it was our idea first and they should have contacted them.
Here's the thing, because I remember in the 80s that there was a show on TV that Bill Cosby hosted. I don't even want to go there with him, but he was in fact the host.
There was a show he hosted called Kids Say the Darnedest Things, and it was on CBS.
And that was what that show was. So I'm sorry, they didn't invent the React thing. This was on TV.
And that was a remake, I want to say, of a show that's even older than that. So they didn't invent this.
Of course they didn't invent it, and they're not inventing it. They're not copywriting it. They're trademarking the word React, which is just as bad as, you know, King trying to trademark Saga.
They're doing this in the guise that they're protecting their brand, but at the same time they're going to use it, even though they're saying they're not, they're going to use it to bully other people that are doing these style videos.
And to protect your brand, instead of trademarking these words, why don't you just put your name in front of everything? Like, the Fine Brothers presents Kids React or something there.
Now we know it's yours. If it doesn't have that Fine Brothers presents, then it's not something you don't.
Well, most people don't know who the fuck they are anyways.
Dungeonbuster with an interesting comment or chat over at live.vognetwork.com saying,
As it pertains to their specific product line. You can still make Apple Super Soda or Apple Mega Pie. The Fine Brothers want to do the same thing, but React seems incredibly broad in the context of the medium it refers to. Yeah, I think that's the problem.
It's a genre. It's not, it's a genre of video. It's not, like, I don't have a problem with, I mean, it's kind of borderline. I do sort of a problem with them, you know, trademarking their show names.
But it's fine in the, if they're doing their show names where it's like, Kids React, I still think it's a bit generic, but trademarking Just React is where I kind of have a problem with it because they're going to abuse this shit.
They've already, they've already shown that they're going to abuse this shit. They took, there was somebody that had a video that was reacting to their announcement that had four views and they had ten subscribers on the channel and got a takedown by this group.
And I mean, they're censoring the comments on their Facebook page. They're censoring the comments on the videos. It's just, it's, it's ridiculous.
It doesn't make you feel good that they're doing this for their purposes.
No, it's completely backwards. Here's how it should fucking work is you want to make some good content. They're doing already, they're doing fine already.
What they want to do is have people make content from other parts of the world because they don't have the time to translate this into native languages or to, you know, do these different videos around the world.
And this way they get that content out there, kind of spread their name or whatever, and they don't have to do, put in really the work to it and they get paid basically just for this.
But you shouldn't have to fucking license this stuff. You can do this on your own.
Yeah. Bonds006 in chat says, Donald Trump wanted to have trademarked your fired line when he had, you know, the TV show, which I just, just on a tangent, first off, you know, fuck that guy.
But second off, Celebrity Apprentice is coming back and they're not going to say you're fired. You know why?
Because Arnold Schwarzenegger is the leader of the border.
Oh, I can't wait.
So you know it's going to be, you're terminated.
Can they do that? Can they pay for it?
I think a part of the, it's the same people that, it's Mark Burnett's, the same people that do Survivor.
No, no, no. But I'm sure that that's like a trademarked like phrase. So can they...
I think if they say your employment has been terminated, they can probably, they can use the word terminated.
Probably then, yeah.
But that is, that all doesn't even matter. The important part...
Yeah, he would say like your hasta la vista.
The important part about the new Celebrity Apprentice, this is crucially important.
One of his advisors is going to be Tyra Banks.
That sold me on the show right there.
What?
Tyra Banks is taking the Ivanka Trump role.
And so it's Tyra Banks.
Oh, yes.
Because top mom's done.
It's going to be fucking crazy.
This show is going to be the best. I'm so excited.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tyra Banks.
Yeah, Tyra Banks crazy and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
It's Warren Buffett and Steve Ballmer. I think of the others.
It's nice because it's like actual, like it's not just Donald Trump's whole fucking clan.
Like it's actual other people. Like when the show was first on and it was Donald Trump,
but he had two other people that weren't his fucking family.
Yeah, the old guy and Carolyn.
Yeah, Carolyn.
And it wasn't, the show was actually pretty good at that time.
Yeah, it was.
All right.
SSJ100Matt says, I can't wait for the panty party episode. Me neither.
No, seriously though, if you want to, there's a lot of stuff on Reddit about this whole thing.
I recommend the video from one of my favorite channels, Film Cow, I think sums it up the best.
With Merlin the Fish, where he's just like a million fucks on both your heads or something like that.
It's seriously, it's ridiculous. The whole concept is ridiculous.
They even put up an update video basically saying that we're terribly sorry that you didn't understand what we're meaning to do by this.
That you're confused by what we want to do with this.
No, we're pretty, we're pretty on board.
Actions speak louder than words, guys.
Yeah, we know what you're doing with this, but to kind of bring it all back, sorry, on this long tangent train here.
Ryan Morrison actually has offered his services pro bono to any YouTubers out there.
And he will, he's going to fight this to block this from being trademarked.
What a nice guy.
So, good for him.
Good for him. Alright.
Let's move on and travel around the world and check out some release dates and what is coming out to a game store near you depending on where you live.
Starting with the US, Loki.
Alright, so very soon we're going to be getting, let's see, this weekend.
Nitro Plus Blasters Heroines Infinite Duel for PlayStation 4, that's a game by Xeed.
Mega Dimension Neptunia 7, also on PlayStation 4.
Hey, there's your Japanese RPGs.
Hey, here's another one.
Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth on PlayStation 4.
Also this week, XCOM 2 coming out on PC.
And, is that it?
Let me just take a look.
I think, I think that might be it.
It's probably still a slow week.
That is it. Alright.
Moving on and looking at Japan.
Japan this week on the PlayStation 4 has Naruto.
It's that time of the year where there's a new Naruto game.
That's every week in the year.
Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 comes out in Japan this week on the PlayStation 4.
Nothing on the Wii U this week. It's still kind of a dry spell over there.
On the PlayStation Vita, there is Sangokuko Senke Omode Geshi CS Edition is out on the PlayStation Vita.
And that is the big release for this week.
And on the 3DS this week, really nothing.
The next big release is Shin Megami Tensei 4 Final, but that is not until the 10th.
So, kind of a slow week in Japan as well.
Shane, are you good to do the UK dates? You got those?
Sure, I think so.
Alright, what do you have coming out in the UK?
So, on February 2nd or 2nd of February according to this because it's Europe.
Sorcery! Parts 1 and 2.
Comes out on Mac and PC.
And then on 5th February 2016, you've got Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth on PS4 and Vita.
And then XCOM 2 on Mac and PC.
And that's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week, which for some crazy reason we're letting Shane do tonight.
So, let's get to those last couple stories. Loki.
Alright, so this is interesting.
So apparently there is a petition out there to try to get Danny DeVito to do the voice of Detective Pikachu.
And it's very brief basically saying there are a number of us that feel Danny DeVito would be a prime fit for the voice acting role of Detective Pikachu.
We want to make this happen.
And so you can sign on the petition and apparently there is about 8,000 signatures already.
You know, it wasn't until watching It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia that I realized that Danny DeVito is a national treasure for us.
So, I am totally on board with this.
I think, I mean, if we could bring up the video it would be awesome.
I really think if we could find that, it's hilarious, the video that they had for that.
And I'm trying to see if we can...
Was it linked within the original story here?
It wasn't. If you go to the story that we have and show it there on the side, there's a link to a second story.
It's more evidence that Danny DeVito needs to be the voice of Detective Pikachu.
Oh, okay. Here we go.
Yeah, click on the...
You got it. Here we go.
Alright, so just...
Just with the trailer is pretty funny.
I can't believe this! I just can't believe this!
I am not a human being! I am an animal! Cold-blooded!
Alright, I get where this is going. It's pretty funny. It's pretty funny. It just works.
I don't know who came up with that.
This just is so good.
Alright.
S.H.O. and Hunter Matt says, if they can't get Danny DeVito I would settle for Nolan North.
I would settle for the other obvious voice and I can't believe nobody is talking about Gilbert Godfried.
No.
The voice of Pikachu.
No, we don't want annoying.
No, that's like mouth or whatever.
Mouth.
Mouth.
We don't want annoying, we want amazing and that's why they picked Danny DeVito.
That would totally... everybody in chat is like giving me a collective no.
Yeah.
Good job, chat.
You know that'll be Nintendo's response.
We couldn't get Danny DeVito but we heard the internet campaigning for a famous celebrity so we got Adam Sandler to be the voice of Pikachu.
I'd still play the game but with no sound.
S.H.O. and Hunter Matt says, Tim Curry. Mic drop.
No.
He can do anything.
Nope. Nope.
Still just needs to be Danny DeVito. I'm on board with this.
I would also settle for Glenn Howerton.
Howerton.
Tilda Swinton.
Dennis.
No, Charlie.
Charlie.
Charlie actually.
Charlie Day would be pretty good.
Tiger class says, how about Betty White.
Betty White can voice Jigglypuff.
Let's just have the whole cast of It's Always Sunny doing the voices in that game.
Yes.
They'll move it from Boston to Philadelphia because it takes place in Boston.
So, yeah.
Let's do that.
Alright.
I'm moving on from this lank fest of dream games.
Alright.
Let's talk about Super Mario Maker which had some unexpected downtime this week.
There was an emergency maintenance that happened in Super Mario Maker.
Yeah, I know. I went to go play it and I'm like, uh, I hate you.
Do you know what happened?
Apparently there was some type of bug in the game where you could download a level.
You could recreate the level in the editor, basically, but add something to it.
Like, say, a flight power up or something else that would allow you to beat the level in a record time.
So people were beating levels in, like, three seconds.
And in a nutshell, that's what the exploit was.
But what was really interesting was that they actually went to...
Because they didn't want to put the exploit out there because they knew tons of people would use it.
So they went to LinkedIn and they found one of the treehouse guys on LinkedIn and sent a message.
And the treehouse guy said, oh, yeah, we're aware of this and we're working on it.
And the game was down the next day or whatever.
But then this is the hilarious thing.
They had an unlisted video that they had sent to the treehouse guy that then all of a sudden got a YouTube, like, copyright takedown.
And that's the most insulting part of it is that Nintendo did a takedown on the video that ratted out the problem that the game was having.
It was unlisted, so nobody had it.
I'm sorry. You can't tell us of bugs in our own game unless you are one of our Nintendo content providers.
That's right. That's right. How dare they? How dare they?
All right. We're going to go take a trip down memory lane.
We're going to go to a time when games weren't so damn buggy.
Geez, imagine how hard it's going to be to do reaction videos to Nintendo games.
You're going to have to, like, sign all sorts of agreements to do that.
The classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura usually steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you brats ought to be playing this game this week.
But she ain't here.
So Shane is filling in this week and is using this opportunity to push the agenda on a game that he never shuts up about that he thinks all of you guys should be checking out, if you haven't yet.
So Shane, and I thought for sure Dark Sakura had done this before, but we consulted the wiki and it wasn't there.
And since we're still not 100% sure, we're just doing one of the games in the series and not the original.
All right, so here it is. Shane, what is the classic game of the week?
Suikoden II, because it's the best RPG ever made.
And you used to go by the name Miklotov online.
Yep, which is where this came from, Suikoden II, it's the Blue Knight.
Yep, the Midas Hilda Knight.
But anyway, this game came out in 1998 in Japan, 1999 here, and 2000 in Europe.
I specifically remember going to get this game when it first came out and they had, like, tons at Best Buy.
I was like, oh, that's mine. And so I was very happy because this game is super rare to find.
But basically it is a sequel to Suikoden I, takes place a few years later.
You play as the unnamed hero who, I think it's Ryo if you go by canon names,
but Suikoden is a game all about political drama and big armies fighting each other.
It's amazing. I don't really know what to say about it because I just love it so much.
I'm not going to get into the history, but it's a game where you've got six people in your party.
You do Unite attacks where multiple people fight together.
You also have one-on-one duels, which kind of work as a rock, paper, scissor format.
And you've also got these massive battles.
So in the first game, it was also just rock, paper, scissors. It was kind of boring.
In this game, it still has a rock, paper, scissors element, but now you also have a grid that you move around on,
almost like a very basic strategy RPG. Those were really fun, those big battles.
Basically, this story is you, your adopted sister, and your friend get caught up in the middle of the war,
and you and your best friend get kind of split onto two different sides.
And you go through the story, basically building up an army to take on the side that your best friend has joined.
And there's plot twists abound, there's some crying that's going to happen if you play it,
but it's a really great, great story.
And this is one of those games that came out with a really bad localization.
Side note, because insight that I have, when I worked at Konami,
a few of us really pushed to get approval to bring out the collection.
This game also came out in a collection on PSP in Japan of 1 and 2.
We didn't get it here in the States, I forget the reasoning, but we pushed to get the game out,
and we were going to redo the text for 2 to make it make more sense.
That ultimately got shot down, so there's that.
Didn't you yourself work on the localization for...
Five.
Five.
And I was the go-to Suikoden guy for five, so a lot of decisions on naming conventions were handed off to me.
So I guess a disclaimer, ethics, with this classic game of the week, you did kind of work on this series eventually.
Yes, on a couple of them, but five being most notable.
So this game has a really bad translation.
Your best friend, they spell his name three different ways throughout the game.
There's J-O-Y, J-O-E-I, and J-O-E-Y.
Basically it's Joey, but that's just kind of sad.
If you had played the first game and did all the collecting of all the characters,
and you brought over your save file and gave you some extra stuff, which was nice,
there was also a mini-game that was a lot like Iron Chef,
where you would have a cooking competition and they would rate your dishes and you'd pick out ingredients.
It was really fun, too.
But this game is probably the most well-regarded in the series.
Personally, for me, it's the best, even though I worked on five.
I still don't even consider that the best.
This is by far the best in the series.
Now the series kind of doesn't do anything, which is really sad.
I'm sure it'll get a pachinko game at some point.
You can pick this up on PlayStation Network.
It came out on the network in America in 2014 and in Europe in 2015.
Otherwise, if you want a physical copy, I haven't checked eBay prices in a while.
I have two, because that's just how big a fan I am.
But they used to go for hundreds of dollars.
They may still, just because, you know, collectors.
But just pay the six bucks and get it online on the PlayStation Network.
It's totally worth your time, and you won't regret it.
And if you do, well, then you don't have good taste in games.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Sweet Coding 2.
So confession, Shane, I don't think I've really played this.
Well, you don't have good taste in games.
Well, I did play one.
One was great.
But I felt that I needed to finish one before I played two.
No, you don't need to.
There are some characters that return.
And like I said, if you bring your save file over, you get some extra stuff.
Like, you do get the ability to recruit the hero from the first game, which is nice.
But you don't have to.
It's not super required, and I can fill in any, you know, plot holes that you don't understand.
But there won't be many.
Maybe one of these days we'll do a live stream or something. That'll be fun.
Yes.
All right.
But, oh, and nobody, you don't need to play four. Nobody needs to play four.
Four is not a great game. It's not because of the story.
They just tweaked it too much, and five went back to what it should have been, and five is great.
Three is really good, even though it's got some tweaks that I don't agree with.
But two is the best. And then one and five are tied.
And then three. And four doesn't exist in this series.
All right, all right, all right.
And don't play the tactics game. It's not good.
There it is, the classic game of the week, Sweet Coding 2.
You know, this also got a spin-off card game in Japan.
It came out on Game Boy Advance. I own that.
Do you?
Yep, and they had two Gaiden games, too, which were text adventures. I own those as well.
Why do you think Konami just never brought it back?
They tried to revive the series with a DS version and a PSP version called Tier Craze.
It was, like, watered down Sweet Coding.
I never played the PSP version because that one didn't come out here, but the DS one did.
And it just wasn't well made. It didn't have the same charm as these ones did.
So I guess all the people had already left that made these games anyway.
So, like, the main designers were gone. The people that made the music were gone.
The writers were gone. It's good ol' Konami.
Was that a surreal experience for you to actually localize, you know, a sequel, essentially, to one of your all-time favorite games?
Yes.
Was that a real surreal experience?
That was super exciting. That was probably the best, most exciting thing I did at Konami was be on the team that did that.
Your credits are actually in Sweet Coding 5.
Yeah.
That's cool.
I think we had a team of five that localized the game.
How fun.
Yes.
All right. There it is, your classic game of the week, Sweet Coding 2. I've said that, like, three times now, but I'm trying to get Shane to shut up about it.
Is it Sweet Coding 2?
Yes, it is.
Let's talk about some more.
We got to go to a break because we're running long already. When we come back from the break, we're going to have Fugu Question of the Week.
We're going to talk a little bit about Saints Row for Loki, Street Fighter 5 for you fans of that, and, ooh, a Mistwalker game for me because I like Mistwalker stuff.
So we'll be back after a quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio. Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, January the 31st, episode number 629 of our show, already in progress, back after a week off due to unexpected sickness on the part of myself and Loki's kid.
And this week, we have an absent Dark Sakura that filling in tonight is Shane, who is trying to negotiate with me during the break to do the classic game segment all over again because he was reading-
Yeah, I found more stuff. Oh my gosh.
Okay, I'll give you 60 seconds. Hurry.
Okay, so apparently Sweet Coding 2 was written first before Sweet Coding 1 because in 1993 slash 94, the writers were hired to make a game for an internally developed console from Konami.
That was scrapped, and then the PlayStation came out, so they were going to make a game for that, but they decided to make a prequel to Sweet Coding 2 first so they could get a better grasp on game development.
So Sweet Coding 2's story was first in conception before Sweet Coding 1, which kind of makes sense because 2 is such a better game even though 1 is fantastic.
Okay, there you go.
Oh my gosh, that was breaking news to me.
Can you-
From like 15 years- wait, how many years? Like 20 years ago now?
Over 20.
For 20 years ago, that's breaking news.
You're old, Shane. You're getting old.
No, I'm not.
So-
I'll never get old.
So, can you imagine if Konami had their own console? Like, especially with everything that's going on now, can you imagine now if they have been a player in the console industry at this point?
It would have been such a different outcome, I think.
Maybe. Maybe.
I don't think we'd be with just pachinko machines and health clubs.
Probably not. Alright, Shane and I, by the way, are still enjoying wine, so if we seem especially excitable tonight, it's probably-
I'm also hungry.
The wine is partially to make. So, there you go.
Alright, let's get back into some news. We're going to do some rapid fire news, then we're going to get to the FUGL question of the week. Loki.
Alright, so this is pretty cool. So, apparently, and I'm not positive this is the game that they were working on previously, because I know that they're making some sort of like burnout extreme sports thing, but there's this new game coming out by the team that did burnout.
I guess at least some of the team, and it's called Dangerous Golf, and it's kind of- it's by Alex Ward and Fiona Sperry, who came up kind of with the Burnout series or worked on that, and it's a game where you're trying to break as much of the level as you can before you put the ball in the hole.
So, it's just you blow shit up with your golf ball, which I think is pretty awesome. So, they kind of have some of the elements that you would see like in the crash mode in Burnout, where it's like the crash time or something like that, but I think in this one they're calling it something a little bit different, like a- what was that here?
It was different tricks you can perform in there. What did they call it? It was like ball time or swing time or something. Smash breaker is what they had. So yeah, you accrue enough damage and then you earn a smash breaker, which is like the crash breaker, I guess, and it allows you to do even more damage.
I'm down. It looks good. I can't wait to play that. Pretty much play anything that they make from the people that made Burnout. Let's get a new Burnout game. How about that?
PlayStation Plus and Xbox Live are going to be getting some new games for February in their services. So, for example, PlayStation Plus, your free games that you're going to be getting, Helldivers on PlayStation 4, Nom Nom Galaxy, and Nova 1-11.
On PlayStation 3, Grid Autosport, and then also Helldivers, Nova 1-11, and Persona 4 Arena Ultimax, which is pretty awesome. And then on Vita it would be Helldivers, Lemmings Touch, and Nova 1-11. I kind of want to try Persona 4 Arena.
There was a Lemmings game not that long ago.
Apparently Lemmings Touch on the Vita.
I had no idea that Lemmings made a comeback at some point.
I want to say the last time I saw a Lemmings game on a Sony platform was part of the PlayStation Mobile stuff. So I don't know if that's the same game they're talking about, if they just ported it over, or if it's just... I don't know. I used to be really big into Lemmings at one time.
Yeah, Lemmings was one of those huge, quintessential 90s computer games.
Lemmings 2, man, I used to play the shit out of Lemmings 2.
I've never played a Lemmings game. It didn't look interesting.
They're puzzle games, basically.
I love puzzle games, but that didn't look interesting.
Lemmings 2 was a little bit more fun, I thought. I don't know.
Anyways, on Xbox platforms, so we've got for Xbox One through February, the whole month of February, Hand of Fate.
And then the second half of February, you get Styx, Master of Shadows on Xbox One.
Then Xbox 360, Sacred Citadel for the first half of February, and Gears of War 2 for the second half.
And of course, being that everything is backwards compatible, that they're releasing on the service, those will be playable on Xbox One as well.
And then, finally, they have made the announcement of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutants in Manhattan.
It's going to be the new Platinum Games take on the Turtles series, much like they did with Transformers recently.
And it's supposed to be coming out on all major platforms. It looks pretty awesome.
I was going to say, it actually looks pretty awesome from the trailer.
Yeah, it's going to also have four player online co-op, so I am definitely down for that.
That might be fun.
So, want to check that out.
That was the best part of the old school pizza parlor game.
Oh, God, yeah.
Ninja Turtles arcade game was the fact that it was four player co-op, except nobody ever wanted to be Raphael.
Really? Because all my friends would always go for him. Nobody wanted to be Donatello.
Really? But the Psy had such a close range.
Yes, but it's the factor of Raphael's so cool.
Raphael's cool. I was always Donatello or Leonardo.
I was Leo because he's blue.
Of course you were.
But it looks pretty cool, and hopefully they'll be coming out a little bit later this year.
I want to say it was scheduled for the summer, so maybe I'm assuming around the time that the new movie comes out.
I think that's coming out this summer, so we'll have to wait and see.
All right. Moving on to another EA-related story.
EA may have actually told us how many Xbox Ones are out there.
You might remember that Microsoft kind of stopped releasing those sales figures.
We know that Sony has sold about 35 million PlayStation 4s, so using some math,
when the chief financial officer of EA, Blake Jorgensen, said that there are 55 million units out in the wild,
that means there's probably just under 20 million Xbox Ones compared to the 35 million PlayStation 4s.
Again, I don't think that seems that bad, but it's not exactly a close race either.
So, I mean, but, again, both systems have their strengths and weaknesses.
It's still pretty early in the console lives, too. I mean, we're just two years in.
That's something important to consider as well, is that PlayStation 3 had a really rough start.
At least, I remember that. And, you know, then by the end of the cycle, it made a lot of headway.
And there's good games on the platforms now. There's still probably people waiting for some of those,
like, big anticipated games that come out that they were, you know, hyping up since the launch of the consoles.
So maybe there's people still holding off on those.
I own both, for what it's worth. I realize that's an expensive thing to do, but...
Yeah, I don't have an Xbox One. I definitely like Crackdown.
Crackdown will finally crack you down.
I don't think so, because the console's expensive. I'm not going to buy a $400 console for Crackdown.
It might come down in price again before...
Well, it's going to have to be more than Crackdown to get me to purchase that.
I do like the fact that it's all backwards compatible. I don't really want to pay for Xbox Live, though.
I actually undid my auto-renew for that, too.
Alright, well, speaking of a company that you usually tie to Xbox, although now they're everywhere,
including PlayStation, Bungie is having a big change.
Harold Ryan, who's been the studio president for 15 years, has actually stepped down this past week.
COO Pete Parsons is going to be taking over the company moving forward.
And of course, Pete Parsons is talking about Destiny right off the bat in this announcement,
saying, I want you to know my number one priority at Bungie's is, and always has been,
to deliver great games that we can all share together.
I also believe you have yet to see our studio's best work.
My new role here at the studio will be entirely focused on fulfilling that promise.
So we'll see what comes out of Destiny probably later this fall when the inevitable next expansion is out.
I seriously need to play that. I have it at home. I have Destiny and I have Watch Dogs.
I have played neither of them. I have had those for two years now, almost.
Well, not two years. I got them last year, no, the year before last, when I got my console.
And I just haven't touched them at all. I don't know. I just don't want to sink that much time into Destiny.
Alright, well, also, I guess there was some rumors going around this week that there was going to be possibly some add-ons
that were coming to Destiny, some microtransactions that could have ammo involved,
that there would be, you know, because they were selling the level boosts and so forth,
and that there was going to be these ammo packs that were going to be microtransactions as well.
However, Bungie did end up responding to this, saying there will not be paid ammo drops in the game.
So that is not something that is on their radar.
So, I guess they're going to stick with what's working for them in Destiny right now,
because people seem to be feeling a lot better about that game than they did a year ago.
I need to go back and revisit it. You know of all people who is super into Destiny right now,
is my former co-host from Horde House, Extifer, is like super into Destiny right now.
He plays online. They do PvP and everything. And so I was kind of surprised to hear that,
because, you know, I tried to get into Destiny, but then to be fair, I didn't really do the Taken King.
I didn't get into the expansion at all. I guess I was a little late.
But I'll wait for the inevitable price cut as they prepare for the next expansion.
Then maybe I'll get into it. We'll see.
Okay, what do you have for us, Shane?
Well, this story is just terrible.
Remember, Dark Soccer was originally going to do these stories, so this will list for her.
Yes, please keep this in mind.
Well, you know how much she loves Hadaful Boyfriend.
Yes, and I don't understand that either, and I don't understand this.
There is a dating sim on Steam Greenlight, and you're a human that dates cats.
There's really nothing more to be said that's appropriate.
So let's move on to the next story.
What's the game called?
I think it was like Perfect Date or something is what it's called.
Yeah, so bad.
It's called Cha-Ching.
It's called Never Getting My Money.
It's called The Internet Loves Cats a Little Too Much.
Oh, so gross.
Anyway, a better story is that at the Video Game Awards, there was a commercial for this Tron game called Tron Runner.
Which I got on Steam Early Access.
Yes, it's apparently like ten bucks there.
But it's coming out on February 16th for PS4 and Xbox One as well.
In Early Access?
It's coming out then.
Oh, so then they're going to be done.
Yeah, this is a full, real launch. Again, February 16th.
It'll be twenty bucks, but right now it's still ten dollars on the Early Access.
So if you're going to play on PC, that's the best way to do it.
It's got some nice contributions to the soundtrack from Giorgio Moroder and other people I've never heard of.
Oh, that ties into, there was a leak a while ago.
I know, boo!
Well, I will say, Tron Runner has a really neat atmosphere to it. It's a cool game.
I just want a movie.
Well, I want a movie, and I also dream someday that they will do, I would love to see Rockstar Games now.
They did a really awesome adaptation of The Warriors.
Imagine an open world Tron game, like the Grand Theft Auto engine.
Of course, it makes me think of The Matrix Online, which didn't end up so great.
Well, The Matrix Online was like, that's like early, I mean, think of how long ago The Matrix Online was.
You played a little bit of that.
I did play part of the beta of that. I thought it was okay.
For what it was.
I wasn't going to pay for that. I mean, it was cool.
I mean, I think, I liked, was it The Matrix, or Enter The Matrix was fucking awesome.
I just, I'd be fine with another Matrix game, to be honest.
Sorry, I zoned out. I was reading the next story because I hadn't read it yet.
But the next story, because Tron's awesome, we could talk about Tron for forever.
Apparently, you know, politicians like to use music in their campaigns, and nobody's ever happy about that.
Like, everybody gets mad when they use their songs for campaigns.
Well, the creator of the...
Unless, you know, they ask for permission first.
Yeah, which never happens, so that's why.
They always forget that.
Because we want our politicians to steal stuff for their campaigns, because that means they're a good leader.
One of the people that's, you know, politicking around right now, Rand Paul, apparently used a Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego song.
The one from the show that was on PBS.
Doo-wop, doo-ba-doo-way-ooh.
Come on, everybody knows that song.
Like the theme song?
It was probably like an attack ad on somebody else.
Yeah, it was an attack ad.
On who?
Marco Rubio.
Oh, because he's not in the Senate, he's around campaigning, right?
Yeah, something like that. Anyway, it got sent to with a cease and desist letter.
Where in the World is all the gaming content?
Somebody, I guess the website Politico said that it actually sounds like the song may end up falling under fair use.
But it still sucks, and I should probably not do that.
Can we get like a Carmen Sandiego movie? I mean, because I thought the TV show was pretty cool.
Wasn't there a rumor that Jennifer Lopez was going to be Carmen Sandiego?
Oh, fuck that. She is not, I don't think she'd be a good Carmen Sandiego. Although, I would see like Angelina Jolie, I think could be a good Carmen Sandiego, I think. I don't know.
The person I can't remember their name, that was in the second Ocean's Eleven movie, why can't, Ocean's Twelve.
Why can't I remember her name?
How about Ashley Judd? Whatever happened to her?
She, no. The one I'm thinking of is better. I just don't remember her name. She married a really old guy. Didn't she, I think she married Michael Douglas.
Anna Nicole Smith? Oh, Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Yes, she would be a good Carmen Sandiego.
Alright, maybe. It's been a while.
Yes. The end.
I liked my idea of Anna Nicole Smith as Carmen Sandiego.
That's sad. That's not good.
I know, I miss her.
I miss her so much. Alright. Anyway, let's get to the Fookle question of the week.
Found her! She's right there, dead. I'm sorry.
You're a horrible person and should feel horrible.
Sorry, I needed a minute to collect my emotions after how horrible Loki just was.
We're going to get to the Fookle question of the week. Every week we go to our Facebook and our Google Plus communities and ask a question and get some answers.
So this week we asked about Mighty No. 9.
Mighty No. 9 was delayed for another time. This has pushed the game back from the originally anticipated April 2015 timeframe and even comes after the promise of no more delays.
What are your thoughts on the issue? Do you tend to shrug off delays as a necessary thing or do you feel that when taking Kickstarter money is involved, delays are unacceptable?
Or are you somewhere in between? So we just want to know, like, what are your thoughts on the issue?
So going over to Facebook where Hitstun says, I'm okay with this, meaning the delay.
I'd rather the game be delayed and complete than rushed and unfinished. I have plenty of other games to tide me over until this one is released.
Fabrice A says, I'm just fine with this. I'll wait just a little longer. It's only a game. No one has ever died because a game was delayed.
Sorry, I'm laughing because 5th Dream in chat says, Mighty No. 9 months late.
Andy R says, Necessary evil. Yeah, it sucks when a game I'm excited for won't be out as quickly, but I'd rather have a good game, the one that's terrible and needs patches after launch.
Chad B says, We pretty much accept big budget games that have big publishers behind them delaying games, so it seems to me that expecting a much smaller studio to never delay a game is unreasonable.
I didn't back Mighty No. 9, but to me the only extra responsibility that exists because the game was backed on Kickstarter is the backers should be getting updates on why it was delayed and what is being done, which to be fair is happening, for better or for worse.
Redertainment says, Delays happen in every industry. Whether it's making a game, building a house, or shipping things across country, inevitably something will happen during the process to cause a delay in the project being completed.
The key is making sure that delays and budget overruns don't become the thing that people think of when they think of the project.
Sadly, that may be happening with Mighty No. 9 if this goes any further. Mighty No. 9 might be the big dig of the gaming industry.
Winston H on Facebook says, Delays do happen and it's understandable. However, if we look at games like Duke Nukem Forever to be released, it did poorly. I'm not saying you should rush a game, but hype can only last so long before people stop carrying.
Final Fantasy XV being another example of taking too long. It's been in development for ten years.
Degenerate Johnny says, When I hear the word delay for a game, I'm somewhat relieved. It's communication from the developers to the fans that the game is not ready for official release.
It's also comforting to know that the game will be complete as the developers intended and not because the public wanted it faster.
Games take time to fully develop by some studios. As a matter of fact, Hex Shards of Fate just brought down their beta status three years after the Kickstarter.
This delay gives me confidence that Mighty No. 9 will be released and as a completed game instead of an incomplete game. Hitman, Loki and I looking at you.
And lastly, Earpster says, If a delayed game is the difference between getting something broken that needs to be patched, looking at you PC Arkham Knight.
I love that everybody's calling shit out in their comments. And something that works right out the box, then delay it every time.
Delays are disappointing and frustrating, but looking back over the years, I have a hard time telling you which of my favorite games were pushed back a month or two.
And lastly, let's go over to Google+, where Act Def says, People will probably quote this already, but like Miyamoto once said, a delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad.
And Martin replies, I believe in games being delayed if it means we get a better and more polished product. Games get rushed to market too much lately, which is a far bigger problem.
Games are released unfinished and fans have to wait for months to get a playable patched experience. That being said, sometimes continuous delays are indicative of a major development problem.
Just look at Duke Nukem Forever type development trajectories. That is not good for a game either.
I apologize, I cut off part of Act Def's thing here, I didn't see the more button, because I've been drinking. But Act Def also said, people are pissed about it and with good reason.
But in the end, if a game turns out good, I don't think people will mind that much at all.
Those are comments from Facebook and Google+, and it sounds like for the most part, everybody's pretty understanding, saying, hey, I would rather you take the time to get this right than put out something half-assed and unfinished.
So, I pretty much tend to agree. I do think the Kickstarter element lends an interesting perspective to it.
And I think it's going to make people, I think in the future, I think other Kickstarters will pay for this Kickstarter's problems.
Which is unfortunate, but I think it's just a reality. But I do agree with the perspective that as long as you're updating people and being very transparent with the reasons why,
which, to be fair, the developers are doing, then that is the extra step you have to give that maybe Sony doesn't have to give when they bump Uncharted back a little bit, because nobody's paid money for that yet.
Besides maybe a $5 pre-order, but that's a whole nother Oprah.
Alright, let's-
Did you say that's a whole nother Oprah?
Yes, I did. Have you never heard that expression?
No, I'm glad it's just not from my drinking.
Alright, another Oprah. Alright. Do you have anything you want to add to this chat, Shane?
I wasn't paying attention. I was looking at Power Rangers stuff. It was about delays.
On Mighty No. 9.
Miyamoto's quote isn't relevant anymore.
Oooh.
It's a pretty mighty statement.
A Mighty No. 9 statement? Well, then I wouldn't say it yet, because it's not out.
No, it's a solid quote. I'm not trying to be mean.
That's a first.
I feel like that quote came from a time when everything was still cartridge-based and you didn't get updates.
Now, if a game gets put out and people complain that it's not working or it's broken, patches come out.
And it's not ideal. It's not even good. But a rushed game does not necessarily mean a bad game anymore.
That happens with so many games nowadays. It's sad that it does, but if it's a game I really care about and the fundamentals are there,
I may not mind if it's rushed and has some problems, because it'll get a patch.
And if it doesn't get a patch, then I've been burned and I'm not going to support that series again, probably.
But that's a chance to take.
I don't know how I feel about the whole post-patch thing.
I don't like it, but it happens.
Patches are better when it's adding stuff to the game. Like when Final Fantasy XIV gets a content patch, which, by the way, there is a content patch already dated, which they needed to do.
They also dated it a month way too late.
But then Diablo has been getting some regular patches. That's good patching. Patching like Arkham Knight had to do to fix the game in the first place.
Yeah, but I mean, I assume at this point Mighty No. 9 is playable. It might not have the online features that they're having issues with, but it's playable.
The base game is there. The online features are not going to change anything if they patch that in.
It's just like, oh, now we have leaderboard support or whatever else. So if they released it now, it's still going to be the same game minus those online features they're having problems with.
So they could put it out and patch it later. They're not going to be like, oh, we're taking the extra time to do the online features and totally revamp the game so it's actually a good game.
Alright, let's get back into some other news. Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of cool. I was interested to see a little bit about the new, or I guess the cancelled Saints Row game.
This was one that I was actually anticipating on purchasing or got me to purchase the 3DS originally, but it never came out.
So this game is Saints Row Undercover. It was actually a PSP game. It was also ported over to the 3DS at one time.
And it's never made light of day. It's pretty unfinished. But what's kind of nice though is they actually released the playable ISO for the game and you can actually download it and play it on either a PSP emulator or a modded PSP.
So if you want to check it out, you can go to unseen64.net and slash Saints Row Undercover and actually download the ROM to go ahead and play that or the ISO.
And they give you kind of like the example of it. And I think it's pretty cool looking. You know, I used to play a lot of like Grand Theft Auto, Liberty City Stories, and Vice City Stories on PSP.
So I'm kind of familiar with a lot of those games and everything. And this looks similar to that. I haven't actually played it yet. I'm assuming it's probably a little bit more rough around the edges since it's not finished.
But it looked promising. And hell, I mean, this even looks promising. I wish they'd kind of do like even like a Vita game or something like that would be pretty awesome.
Dart Tetsuya in chat says, I love unreleased prototypes getting released stories. Yeah, me too. Especially when they're, you know, free. Like in this case.
Yeah, and Volition was the one that released it too, which is pretty amazing. I mean, they're the ones that actually said, here you go. I mean, you know, I think it's pretty awesome.
And they have like a whole bunch of other stuff that you can they put out there as well, like the design documents for it, like a guide to play through and everything. That's pretty awesome.
So props to them. I hope that they're working on another Saints Row game.
That's kind of a fun little insight into how things work, you know?
Definitely. I will definitely be checking this out and downloading it. I watched a little bit of the video that they had for it. It was really buggy, but it's to be expected with a game that's not finished.
All right. Well, moving on to some stories about Street Fighter V. Are you excited about Street Fighter V, Shane? You played it at all?
I've played it. I played the beta. I played it at PlayStation Experience. My excitement's kind of waning though, I think.
Why is that?
My experience with it so far, I really liked IV, just the way it played. And this one, it just doesn't feel the same to me, which I know they're probably going for.
But I don't know. I'm not feeling it as much. We'll see when it actually releases.
All right. Well, some new information came out this week that there's some updates on the story mode.
Street Fighter V story mode. In the story mode, each character is going to have their own storyline. There's going to be illustrations by a famous Capcom artist, Benghis.
I hope I said that correctly. I'm not as familiar in the fighting game scene. Sorry, guys.
But it's going to be illustrated by him, and I remember seeing some of that in the beta. That kind of gave it a comic book feel, which was pretty cool.
Also, Street Fighter V is going to have a cinematic story expansion, which is via a free update this June. So here's an example of patches.
But you're getting the game, and that's what people want to play.
Interesting. I don't know if you're in chat, but a lot of folks were talking about what you were saying there, Shane.
Were they mad?
Some disagreement.
Well, that's fine. They can disagree with me all they want.
Anyway, the cinematic mode in June. The mode will tell an overall narrative which takes place between Street Fighter IV and III through rendered cutscenes.
They actually released a little trailer about that. By the way, there is one final beta test that just ended about an hour ago.
And that was something you could play, but it's too late to talk about it now, right?
Also, there will be a post-release character in March.
Street Fighter V will include a download pack that's going to have Alex, Guile, Balrog, Ibuki, Juri, and Urien.
They will be in the game later, but we don't know who comes when.
By the way, don't forget you can actually unlock characters with in-game currency, but there's also going to be a $30 package that unlocks each one as they appear.
So, it depends on how much you want to play the game.
There you go.
At least it's optional. I don't mind as long as they have a way to do it in-game and it's not ridiculous like,
Oh, I'm sorry. You're going to have to wait another four hours before you get enough currency to...
Oh, I'm sure it's going to be something ridiculous.
I don't know. Yeah, Heroes of the Storm. It takes you a long time to get the gold to unlock a character.
Well, yeah, but this is not the same company, so I don't know.
I'm not familiar with how Capcom does mobile games if they do have a lot of those and how they market it that way,
but it sounds like this is just going to be something that if you don't want to wait for everything to unlock, you can just unlock it.
Alright, let's move on to Shane.
Okay, so a Utah representative has introduced a new bill that amends Utah's criminal code to include doxxing, swatting, and denial of service attacks.
So, you know, you could get in trouble for that.
So, if you doxx somebody, it's a Class A or B misdemeanor depending on if it's your first offense or not.
And doxxing is where you publish people's personal home information on a website or somewhere that's not normally available.
I was going to say, don't get me wrong, something needs to be done about this phenomenon, so I can't believe I'm going to say this, but good job, Utah.
But at the same time, some things are sometimes supposed to be publicly accessible, like if it's a politician or something.
Yeah, but this has to do with the intent also. So, if the intent is to annoy, alarm, intimidate, offend, abuse, threaten, harass, frighten, or disrupt,
it says electronic communications of another. So, it's a little specific there.
But it's A or B depending on if it's your first offense or not. However, if you do it against a minor, it's a third degree felony, just like that.
Swatting, you automatically get a third degree felony for swatting somebody.
If the person you swat is injured, it becomes a second degree felony, and the person convicted will have to cover the treatment of any injury, including psychological, that are caused by the offense.
Finally, denial of service is the only one to actually be fully defined in this bill, apparently, but if you are found guilty, it is a third degree felony.
So, of all places, Utah really jumping on things that should be tackled by every state at this point.
SSJ100Matt says, good, these are all douchebaggery things that go on on the internet. It's a starting point. If it works well, then it will be quickly adopted across other states.
Hopefully it does, but I also don't see people in Utah really falling under this style of harassment. I would say if a place like California or New York did it, I think it would carry more weight.
Well, what happens when, let's say you're the guy in California, if a person from Utah doxxes you, then that person can still get in trouble because it's Utah law where they committed the crime, right?
I don't know, it doesn't tell me.
I think that's how it works. Maybe I need the lawyer guy's opinion, but I think that's how it works because the crime was committed in the state of Utah.
But if I'm in Utah, but my doxxer's in California, I'm not sure this law would apply.
Which is again why this should just be nationwide.
Well, it's a start. If it goes well, and obviously you want to make sure it's not, you know, like I said, there are some reasonable reasons why you have strangers' addresses publicly, but yes, intent is a lot of it.
So, all right.
Now if they could get something for like Xbox Live and people that are like 12 and chat and like punish them, that'd be great too.
Like I said, those are the ones that need to be spanked by their mother.
So anyway, let's move on. Loki.
So, they're finally getting rid of the Wii Street View, which I never understood as, like, that was what they were selling the Wii U on as, hey, you can go on Google Earth or Google Street View and use your Wii U tablet to look around.
Who gives a fuck? I mean, seriously, but it was something that they had. It was its own app and they are getting rid of it.
So if you want to actually check it out before they get rid of it, do so before March 31, 2016.
Well, I used the Wii Street View thing once or twice. It was kind of one of those, huh, that's kind of neat sort of things.
But it runs way faster on my PC. The Wii U internet is so slow. It takes forever to load anything. So I think it just works better on the PC.
It works pretty good for watching YouTube videos. Well, sort of. Although I did have an issue because I was playing some Thomas videos for my son that my boxy is like, no, I'm sorry, I can't play this whole thing.
And then the TV video for some reason just stopped working on the Wii U.
It totally set until I reset it again. But it's just like, oh, sorry, it'll only play on the gamepad.
It's weird. Yeah, it was really strange.
S. Jonah and Matt backing up a story here talking about the whole law in Utah. S. Jonah and Matt says, if it's a felony, I think a person can be extradited to that state. Not a lawyer, just watch Law and Order.
Oh my gosh, but I watch SVU, so this has nothing to do with like sex crimes or little kids or rape, so I don't get to...
You watch more Law and Order than anybody I know.
Yeah, I probably have seen every single episode of Law and Order.
How about Criminal Minds? We just got into that. Well, not just into that.
Only Law and Order. If it doesn't have bum bum.
I do watch some of the Chicago series, though, that they have on NBC now, like Chicago Fire and Chicago PD.
But that doesn't really deal with courtroom stuff. That's more like, oh, somebody got shot in the head and here's a picture of it, so let's go catch them.
Did you ever see the Law and Order episode that was loosely based on Anita Sarkeesian?
Oh yeah, that was a terrible episode.
Well, it was an absolute terrible episode, and my wife liked to be an asshole and rub it in my face and go, yep, see, this is what happens when you're a gamer.
Here's the thing with Law and Order, quick tangent. Law and Order, when they rip stories from the headlines, they do it pretty poorly for the most part.
They should just come up with their own stories. Those are better. I think the only one that was good that got ripped from the headlines was the Rihanna Chris Brown one.
Because in the end, the chick that was supposed to be Rihanna was murdered by Chris Brown.
That's not good.
But it was good for the story.
But here's the thing that was funny about that. It was so cheesy, it reminded me of hackers, like 90s hackers, where this is what hacking looks like. No, it's not.
I forgot that this was the thing. Brad from Pod Culture in our chat asking, what about Law and Order UK? Yes, it's a real show. Wasn't Jon Barrowman on that one? I could be wrong.
No, Jamie Bamber.
Oh, that's it, it was Jamie Bamber, the other extremely good looking UK guy.
And also, what's her name? Amanita from Sense8? The one girl's girlfriend. She was on that show as well.
Oh yeah, she was one of the Doctor's companions too.
I don't know that stuff.
I saw some of them. Because it was basically just the same stories. I'm pretty sure the season I watched was pretty much the same stories, just done over there.
Didn't really care for it as much. But I'm not usually a UK show person, except for Downton Abbey. Love Downton Abbey. That is like the best. I've watched it all, I will watch it again.
Downton Abbey is so good.
I wondered when you'd sneak that into this show.
I will sneak it into everything.
I talk to Shane just about every day, and so for the past two weeks, I'm hearing nothing but, Downton Abbey is so good.
It is so, so good.
I don't know if I could go out, Rob, because I have four episodes of Downton Abbey I'm going to watch today.
That's pretty much it.
I can't play Diablo. How am I going to watch Downton Abbey if I play Diablo with you?
I know, because I couldn't focus. I had to rewatch an episode, because I was trying to watch when we were playing one night. I was like, this is not working for me. I have to go back and watch it from the start.
Dark Tetsuya says, I still have to finish Sense8 if they're getting a second season. Yes you do.
They're filming.
I will get on board with what Shane says about that show, because that show is amazing.
Sense8 is so good. It's a little slow though, at first.
It is, but then by the time it ends, you're like, oh, this is what Heroes Reborn should have been.
I still think Heroes Reborn is passable to pretty good, not usually all that bad.
Better than season two.
Better than season two and three. And better than most of four, except for the end.
Kaijuto says, I like Law and Order North Korea. Is that a thing? I don't think that's a thing.
That's a thing that would be interesting. Believe it or not.
Hey, you know what else would be interesting? I would be all about this, because I like Mistwalker Studios and some of the stuff they did.
You know, they did The Last Story, Blue Dragon, and a game I never shut up about called Lost Odyssey.
I missed that game.
Which needs, let me say that again, needs to be on Xbox One backwards compatibility.
Like, is anybody listening?
I'm disappointed. I thought I still had it. I guess I must have sold it back or something, but I swear I still have that game.
But I can't find my discs.
Anyway, even though I doubt Lost Odyssey is ever getting a sequel, which is kind of tragic, it is still good to know that Hironobu Sakaguchi, who is the boss of Mistwalker, is working on a new game for consoles.
And if you don't know that name, you can kind of thank him for a little series called Final Fantasy.
I've never heard of that.
He was one of the lead creative folks on that game before he went to found Mistwalker.
Which might explain why Final Fantasy games have changed a bit in the last few years.
But anyhow, so Mistwalker does have a new game in development for consoles.
He offered a sneak peek showing some concept arts and just a little bit of detail when he was talking to students at the University of Hawaii's West Oahu campus.
Mistwalker's headquarters, by the way, are in Hawaii as well as Japan.
What a rough place to have students.
I mean, I get that Hawaii actually has a pretty decent gaming presence because of its proximity.
It's actually a really big Japanese tourist destination as well as the U.S. because Hawaii is only half the distance for the folks from Japan.
So, Hawaii is a very popular Japanese destination, so there's a lot of studios there.
I know Konami used to have an office in Hawaii, of course.
And I think there's some other companies there, too.
But anyway, some of this, of course, leaked to Twitter.
But then, actually, the whole presentation was on YouTube at one point, although it has since been taken down.
So, I don't know what happened there, but it disappeared.
So, yeah, we know it's going to be for consoles.
It's going to have that sketchy style that you're kind of used to seeing from Sakaguchi, and the graphics will be in 3D.
I'm assuming this is something we're going to hear out of E3.
Tinfoil hat.
I wonder if it's an NX game.
Because Mistwalker did put out that game on the Wii that they finally did release over here, and it was kind of one of those last great Wii games.
What was it?
The Last Story. It was part of that Operation Rainfall thing.
Oh, okay.
And Blue Dragon was on 3DS. I don't know, I could see that a little more than I could maybe PlayStation 4 or Xbox One.
Because Lost Odyssey and Blue Dragon were Xbox exclusives, because that was Microsoft's part of their ploy to be like,
Look, we're cool, we're hip, we're in with the Japanese RPG crowd, look at us.
It's a shame that Microsoft bought that, because Lost Odyssey on a different system would have actually sold.
Yeah, so fortunate.
But anyway, there you go.
It could be on, like, Lost Odyssey 6 by now.
I'm sad now, thinking about that.
Although, I don't know, the first game did kind of have a definitive ending, I don't know.
Well, just like Final Fantasy does.
That's true, it could have been a different character that was immortal or something.
I don't even remember the story of Lost Odyssey, I just know that the little memory things you find were just so depressing.
Yeah, it's like you're crying every five minutes playing that game, and then at the end of disc one, you're just like,
I cried as hard as I did at the end of Dancer in the Dark.
Alright, anyway, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week, you guys email us at participate at orangeloungeradio.com, and we read your emails here on the show.
Dark Soccer usually dives in the mailbag to read your emails, but as she is absent tonight, I will be taking her place and reading the emails tonight.
We do have a few, so sit back and hold on.
First up, we have Martin from Belgium saying,
Greetings Sky, Dark Soccer, and Loki. I want to talk to you all about acceptance of video gaming for adults in everyday life.
Recently, one of my colleagues asked me what I like to do in my spare time.
When I mentioned video games, I got some funny looks from some fellow colleagues, even those my age. I am 29.
The same happens with my parents.
When I played Fallout 4 for a couple of hours on end over the Christmas break, my dad asked me,
Don't you ever get tired of that? However, my parents watch TV for hours as well.
It is clear to me that video gaming is still seen as childish or useless activity that adults should not engage in.
I thought we were getting past this, but we are not.
By contrast, watching movies, TV, sports are accepted ways of spending your free time.
Objectively speaking, these activities are just as useless and time-wasting.
Yet, when I am among non-gamers, I feel reluctant, even ashamed, to mention that I play video games.
I feel people will think I am immature or weird.
This makes me a bit angry because I know it is nothing to be ashamed of.
I think games are still misunderstood as a medium due to ignorance.
On the other hand, when I found out recently that some friends of mine play video games as well, this led to us bonding over it.
What are your opinions on this?
When do you think video games will finally get accepted in the mainstream the same way TV is?
Maybe it will take another generation of kids having grown up with them to make this happen.
I would be interested to hear your thoughts on this.
Join the podcast, as always, Martin.
What do you guys think? Video gaming being shamed by some generations?
My perspective on this has always been, well, this is something that is slowly going to get better as more and more people are growing up with video games.
The 30-somethings that are having kids today, we all grew up with Atari 2600 and Nintendo Entertainment System as the norm in a household.
Whereas maybe your parents give you the strange look because they didn't maybe have that all around.
But I don't know. What are your thoughts on this, Shane? Do you think...
Do you think...
Do I think...
I don't know.
Do you think that there's a way... I mean, I feel bad for him because he says he's embarrassed or whatever and part of me is like, well, fuck them if they don't like it.
That's, I mean, that's basically it. I mean, it's with any hobby. Not everyone's going to always understand everything.
Yeah, maybe sports is more widely accepted, but that's, I mean, again, that's still going to be specific to specific circles you run in.
Do you like sports, Rob? Do you care about them?
Hockey's okay, but all my hockey-loving friends went out to whine with me yesterday and they were even talking about stuff where I'm like, well, that sounds cool, but I don't...
Because they were talking about the all-star game and the whole vote for the guy that isn't actually one of the better hockey players and all the drama that went on with that.
But apparently he's a really nice guy. So anyway, so I couldn't really follow a lot of it, but I just kind of smiled and nodded. Oh, neat. That sounds neat.
I just think it doesn't matter if it's accepted or not. If you like it and it's not illegal...
Did your mic go off? You're suddenly not coming through.
No.
Oh, that was weird. Go ahead.
I think that if you like it and it's not illegal and it's not hurting anybody, then who cares if it's accepted or not? Everybody's going to have likes that aren't accepted or popular, so who cares?
Well, it's kind of like you and Power Rangers.
Exactly.
I don't quote unquote get it and I don't like Power Rangers the way you do, but I don't have a problem. It seems to make you happy.
And the toy hunting and all that stuff is something you really seem to enjoy. And the fact that you have now finally started your own podcast, that part of it makes me very happy and excited for you because now that's something we both have in common.
Yeah. So it's exactly that same thing. So I wouldn't even worry about it. So what if they don't understand?
You don't understand why your parents can just sit there and watch TV for hours on end.
Unless they're watching Downton Abbey, then maybe you should learn to understand.
Oh my gosh. Spend some quality time with them if they're watching Downton Abbey. You will not regret it. It is so good.
Dungeon Buster says, I don't get why people play certain things, but why give them grief over it?
Kaijuto with an interesting perspective here that you may not want to hear. Video games will get respect when the loud majority of gamers stop acting like self entitled assholes.
I don't know if they'll get respect, but I would like that just to happen. Because it is really annoying.
Fifth Dream in chat says, grownups watch Disney movies. Fuck everything else. Do it loud and proud, but do what you enjoy. It's not hurting anyone.
If someone thinks something you do is stupid, find out what they do. Realize they are stupid.
Exactly. Or maybe instead of realizing they're stupid, find out what they do. Maybe you'll like it.
I'm not a big sports guy. I love watching baseball.
But even that probably took something. Did you always love baseball?
When I was a kid I did.
I thought that was something you got turned on to as an adult.
No. It just resurfaced. But like last night I was hanging out with Flacco Jones and his wife and Extifer and we were like there's nothing we could watch on TV because the kids were up.
But then Flacco Jones and I were watching college basketball and got into that because I forgot, hey, college basketball is really fun.
So you may think it's stupid, but then just give it a shot and I guess everybody needs to do that.
Then we wouldn't have this problem that your emailer said, I don't remember your name, I'm sorry. I'm on like my fourth glass of wine.
It was Martin.
Yes, Martin.
Or like wine. Just try it.
Except for reds.
They taste like shoes.
Moving on.
Raginator emails us. Hi all, it's Raginator again. I just want to give everyone a quick heads up.
There's a strong possibility I may break down and buy my new PC slightly ahead of schedule, meaning that I might buy it next month rather than waiting until April if only because, to be honest, I'm getting just a tad impatient waiting and saving up.
Assuming that I do go this route, it'll mean that I'll have a little less money to work with and hence I won't be able to buy quite as nice of a PC, but the tradeoff will be that I'll be back to my usual routine that much quicker.
Even if I do this, my internet won't be turned back on until March 1st, but still, any thoughts?
I would say you do have to kind of weigh the pros and cons, and I think, again, I thought we talked about this a couple weeks ago when you emailed about how much power should you put in your computer.
I think you need to figure out what's the acceptable computer, and not the bare minimum, but the acceptable computer for the games you want to play.
You, I know, email the show a lot and talk about the trading card games like Magic the Gathering, so figure out what kind of system you need to play those games and get that, and then I think you'll be fine.
Although, you've mentioned wanting to play Final Fantasy XIV, which you might need a little bit beefier of a computer to play something like that, so I think you need to figure out what are the games you want to play most of all, and make sure your computer can play at least that and maybe a little extra, just so you're ready for whatever comes next.
I would say just wait. Wait till your original plan, because if you're saying April at that point, that would be two months before E3 comes rolling around, and they're going to announce stuff that you're going to see is really cool, and if you skimped on your computer because you couldn't wait the extra couple months just to make it better, you might be kicking yourself later and have to pay even more to play those new games that you see.
I think that's a good perspective on it as well, is that if it's only two months, eh, that's not that big a deal, right?
By the way, Fifth Dream in our chat wants to know, why does Shane know what shoes taste like? That's the question of the night. How do you know what shoes taste like? Do you have like a shoe fetish thing?
No, that's gross. No, it tastes like the way rubber soles smell. So that's why I say it tastes like shoes.
Is it kind of like, that's how you know what gasoline tastes like? Because it has such a strong smell, it probably tastes like that.
If you know what it smells like, you know what it tastes like. Because your taste is tied in with your smell. So that's how you know what something tastes like.
I'm sure I know what the taste of dog shit is, based on the smell of dog shit. Doesn't mean I've actually munched on dog shit.
So the point of the story is, you've eaten gasoline.
Oh, I wish, thanks. I love the smell.
That's like an episode of My Strange Addiction.
Yeah, it probably would be. Like I say, gasoline and coffee are the same thing. They both smell really good, but they both are probably disgusting. Well, coffee is disgusting, but I'm sure gasoline is too.
Moving on. From YYR. Hello, LR. Last week Rob mentioned the Super Nintendo era and all of its classics as being the sort of thing we might never see again.
I agree, and the reason has to do with both the colossal market and the changing way we absorb our entertainment.
If you think back to the Nintendo and Genesis and Super Nintendo and perhaps even a generation or two ahead of that, you'll remember that we had our games drip fed to us.
Game development was expensive and so was building cartridges. When a new game came out in the 90s, people noticed because only a few games came out each week.
Just as an aside, the NES artificially limited that too because they limited publishers as to how many games they could put out in the year.
And it's Ultra. Yeah, which is why we have Ultra Games, which was just Konami's side company basically.
But they did that to prevent what happened on the Atari 2600 where everybody was fucking making 2600 games and it was all this commercial garbage.
E.T. didn't kill the industry. Oh my gosh, remember I guess when Konami made so many games they had to have a different label for them? That's ridiculous to think about now.
Anyway, where was I? Oh yes, it was possible to play every new game and trivial to at least be aware of every release. I could make recommendations to people on platforms I didn't even own.
Hop on Steam and you'll find that approximately 80 new games released in the last 7 days. This is in January.
We now literally have thousands of choices at any given moment, not even counting the games we grew up with and can go back to at any time.
The huge market means that there is literally something for everyone. If a game isn't the best possible fit for your taste, there is most probably something else that is.
New genres are seemingly coming out of nowhere and indie developers are covering bases we don't even know about yet.
If you add all this up, we get this fact. The days where we are playing the same games together are pretty much history.
That I think is one of the defining differences between current gaming and several generations ago.
Because if you ask 100 random gamers in their 30s to put together a Super Nintendo Top 10 list, I would imagine that many of them will look similar.
If you ask 100 random gamers in their 30s to put together a Top 10 of 2015 list, I anticipate 100 different lists without much in common.
I don't know if I get your point, but I don't know if I would totally agree with that.
Because Jamie and I had some really similar lists for 2015. Or no, Shane and I. I don't know.
Yeah, you, me, and Jim all had like two of the same games on them.
But I do get the point. I'm not trying to dismiss the point. I'm just trying to say I do feel like there are some games that still kind of buck the trend and everybody knows about them.
Even if they haven't necessarily played them. Like even Undertale from the indie side. Everybody knows about that game even if they haven't played it yet.
So, you know, there's still some of that. Fallout 4, everybody fucking knows that happened, right?
So, I mean, just, you know, again, I don't disagree. I'm not sure it's as black and white as that.
It's kind of like what's happening now with TV. After an episode of my favorite series aired, I used to be able to discuss it with friends or folks at work the next day.
Nowadays, whenever I ask friends if they saw the latest Gotham or Blacklist or what have you, they either say, what's that? Or, oh, I haven't downloaded it yet. Or, is that on Netflix?
Everyone gets their entertainment individually and I think games are moving in the same direction. There is more choice than ever, but it's always going to feel different from the way it did years ago.
Get off my lawn, YYR.
Hmm. It was an interesting email. It's definitely changed a lot, especially with the cartridge.
PC development has always kind of been there, but there wasn't a place where you could, you still had to go to a store to buy PC games.
Even though there was a ton of stuff available on PC, Commodore, and all that stuff, you still had to go to a store and buy them.
Now you can get it all at your fingertips. And that's the common thread between Steam and Netflix, is that you can consume as you want.
We're becoming that instant gratification society. So, anyway, I still like that perspective, so thank you for the email.
We have one last email tonight from ActDeft.
Hi, it's your friendly neighborhood Mexican and avid amiibo collector, ActDeft.
It's been a while since I've written an email, but after listening to the last episode and Loki's rant about amiibo, before anyone starts calling me a fanboy, let me state that I do agree with what Loki said to some extent, and his points are totally valid.
But at the same time, I cannot help but probably play devil's advocate and defend my passion.
As we all know, the amiibo craze started with the Smash amiibo, which are probably the most complete amiibo there is.
They work with a lot of games unlocking stuff, not to mention that training amiibo in Smash is really fun and also a competitive scene.
I personally know because I've participated and hosted tournaments locally, and know of other players that do it too. I really don't see anyone having problems with these amiibo in particular.
The Mario Party amiibo also work with most of the games. They're pretty much like the Smash ones, but only with Mario characters.
Since amiibo can only hold one game info or save stored in them, and Mario Party having a somewhat important usage of amiibo, I can see why these are created.
Especially for people that wanted to play both without erasing their amiibo data from another game.
Granted, I can see why people see them as cash grabs, gold and silver Mario, but in the end, if you're not into collecting these, you can easily forget about them.
The rest of the amiibo work pretty much the same, to be honest, unlocking, saving progress, and custom characters.
They're not all that different and work with their respective game, including Shovel Knight.
Of course, many have a problem with the Shovel Knight amiibo unlocking an important mode in the game, co-op, but I don't see it as one.
Shovel Knight is, for the most part, a single player game.
Also, it started as a Nintendo console exclusive, and yes, I know it also came on PC at the same time, but it was console exclusive.
Not to mention that people kind of got mad that the Nintendo version of Shovel Knight didn't get an exclusive boss or level like Sony's or Microsoft's.
So the amiibo came in place, and what better console to adopt co-op than on Nintendo's, king of same-couch multiplayer.
And again, this amiibo works like all others. It's not only a method of unlocking co-op, but you can also save a custom Shovel Knight character that it levels up and gets custom powers and such.
I think the amiibo is fantastic, both in how the figure looks, but also how it works in the game.
Though I see why anybody would be mad about it. Not everyone wants to pay 13 bucks to have access to something that should have probably been in the game as free DLC or something.
But I still think the amiibo has that added value that makes it worth paying for it and using it on the game.
And again, the figure looks really great, and thankfully it's not hard to obtain either like most amiibo nowadays.
Well that's it for this email. Sorry if it was long, but I had to speak out about this. Thanks for reading.
P.S. Like seriously, have you seen the price of some of the amiibo on Amazon? Specifically the Animal Crossing ones. They're crazy cheap. Like holy fuck.
That's from MacDeft.
I got a whole bunch of Animal Crossing amiibo this week actually. I bought the entire second wave.
Because I had to have Blathers and Celeste, and you know I had to have Resetti, so I was just like what the hell, I'll get Kix too.
Yeah, you're missing the best one, which is Kix.
Yeah, so I was like what the hell, I'll get him too. So I bought all those amiibo this week.
Loki, anything you want to say to that? I don't know. You were the one that had some strong feelings on amiibo?
I still think that the amount of use they have for the amiibos is pretty limited. I understand that you can use them in other games, but their uses are basically unlocking something.
It's unlocking some items or something. It's not like, I think very innovative I guess.
To me it reminds me of some of these systems when they launch, like the portable systems or even with the Wii and stuff, where they don't really know what to do with them.
And so they just kind of use it in a very generic kind of gimmicky way. And that's sort of what I'm seeing with these amiibos. They're not really being used in a meaningful way.
The training partners are pretty cool in Smash, but aside from that I don't really see the point with a lot of them.
It's cool if you want to collect the characters because they look nice, but it's not really adding a lot of functionality to games I think.
Alright, well that's going to do it for our emails this week. You should send us some emails. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send your emails.
We're going to get to a couple more news stories here and then your calls at OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype.
But first, we have to get to the FUs of the week, where we rant. Why? Because we get ranty sometimes.
Shane, since Jamie's not here, do you want to start us off tonight with your FU?
Sure, FU to you and your show role.
Why?
Because you left off a very important story for the day.
Well then you can put in the last minute stories.
Alright. Loki?
My wife still insists it's the stomach flu, but seeing as I didn't throw up, I didn't have any other symptoms, I just got very sick all of a sudden and that was that.
I'm blaming the food that I ate during lunch because I kind of felt eh after that.
So yeah, on Tuesday I ate some food from McDonald's and it was pretty disgusting as usual, but you know, it's quick.
And so driving home I felt very, very fucking nauseous to the point where I'm like, oh shit, I better pull over because I'm going to vomit.
And so I pulled over to like a gas station and apparently at that point I was like getting almost to the point where I'm passing out from the nausea.
And so I actually fell over into a parking lot and kind of scraped my leg up and stuff doing that.
Wow.
But then it passed. It just went away. I didn't like throw up or anything. It was just really weird.
But I blame McDonald's for that and so I'm not eating McDonald's anymore.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that's like randomly fainting and passing out.
Well it wasn't fainting. It wasn't like I was just very disoriented, like dizzy and just, I was trying to make, I was trying not to throw up in my car and so I stepped out and I was like, okay, I'm going to go use their bathroom to do that.
I'm like, there's no way I'm going to get over there. So I like walked over the curb, but I just, my balance was just not there and so I kind of, you know, I don't know, didn't like fall and hurt my head or anything, but I just, I did scrape my knee and that was about it.
It burnt my pants, which sucks because I don't really have a good pair of jeans anymore.
Aww.
Well I bought some today, but you know.
My FU of the Week goes to the fact that I've been like sick for about a week now and it caused me to miss last week's show and I'm feeling a little worn down even after, like I'm like, okay, we're at the end of the show. It's about time for this to wrap up because I'm feeling a little worn down.
But a big thank you to the fact that Sanrio just walked out in the kitchen and she's never here during the show. This is, this is a first.
I guess she thinks that because Alan just got home, Alan has something for her. I don't know. But Alan had a treat for me, that's for sure. He just brought into the studio red velvet Oreos and I'm going to make Shane try one. Do you like red velvet?
It's just red chocolate.
It's just red chocolate, but you got to try one.
The Oreos are just cream cheese.
And Alan says the Oreos are just cream cheese, so. Alright, let's get to a story real quick so I can rip open this bag of Oreos. Loki.
Alright, so TBS is going to be bringing E-League, which is, I think this was originally announced by Shaquille O'Neal during the game awards.
And so it's going to take place. They're going to have two seasons throughout the year. They're going to last ten weeks long and consist of like a six, six regular or six week regular season.
And a bi-week and a one-week wildcard qualifier around two weeks playoff. And the first season will feature, I guess, Counter Strike Global Offensive.
And they're going to have some of the, I'm not sure if they're going to have some of the actual people in there. I don't know how they're setting up the teams or anything for that.
But apparently it's going to debut on TBS as well as other digital platforms May 24th. I don't know.
Neat I guess. I'd be kind of interested to see what it looks like and how they're setting up the teams. If they're just using existing Counter Strike CSGO teams or if they're going to have like create their own teams for this league type thing.
Okay. I hope they don't screw it up on TV.
I don't know. We'll see.
Alright. One more story for you guys. And I don't, why is this making the rounds again? I swear to God, we talked about this ad nauseam on the show like ten years ago.
But for some reason, this is all around the blogs this week. And I think for some reason we have the Huffington Post to blame for this, I think is what's going on here.
But apparently it is, is it confirmed? I don't know. I guess the people that were credited with writing the music for Sonic 3 have revealed that Michael Jackson did help out on the soundtrack.
So this, is this like their archives that you're getting this news from?
It's their blog.
I'm trying to see what this is from here real quick.
No, Huffington Post ran it on January 25th. So they ran it this week and they ran this whole thing about trying to conclusively prove that yes, Michael Jackson did work on this.
And I thought we had finished this years ago that yes, it was done. But maybe it was just that we had some really strong evidence.
And so it was just like yes, we pretty much decided it. But now the actual people that made the music in Sonic came out and said yes, we did use samples made from Jackson's beatboxing.
We chop it up, we use it in his cues. There were other signature Michaelisms and so forth.
So I think that's the fact, the fact that it is actually confirmed, that's the news.
And that they had this interview with some of the people behind the game. But we always knew, didn't we guys?
Yes, from the news about it a long time ago.
Alright, so that's all I'm going to say on it then. I am going to open up the phones. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. Meanwhile, we'll get to some last minute stories and Shane, you seem deeply offended that there's something missing.
It's somebody's 17th birthday today.
Uh oh, who's?
Silent Hill 1.
Oh, I didn't even realize that was a game that had come out in January.
Yep, January 31st, 1999. It's Silent Hill's birthday. And let's celebrate it by not playing any recent games because they weren't good.
Except for P.T. by your tongue.
Which, that's Silent Hill's...
Well happy birthday Silent Hill, rest in peace.
Yeah, pretty much. We miss you a lot. Like a lot.
Why don't we, in tribute, watch the second movie? Wouldn't that be a great way?
No, that is such a bad movie.
I have yet to see the second movie.
Don't watch that.
I still want to do it. I still want to see it.
Alright, again, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. If you want to give us a call, I'm looking at our chatroom for some comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
MXC is trying to say, the article is trying to prove that his music is in the final game. Well, I think they actually interviewed the folks and got the conclusiveness that yes, he was a part of that game.
I've got some...
Last minute story, Logan?
Yeah, it's stupid. I don't even... Just looking at this, I'm like, this is stupid.
That's okay, you've heard this show.
This is totally, like, this is totally rumor, okay, but there is a rumor for the NX that, guess what, Super Smash Brothers will be a launch title.
Launch title? I don't know about that. Launch title's pushing it. I mean, maybe they'll adapt the 3DS or Wii U version, but I don't know how people would feel about that.
No, it's too soon.
Granted, Smash Brothers has been on every Nintendo console, home console anyway, since, what, Nintendo 64, because there was a version on 64, GameCube, Wii, Wii U.
So, I mean, it's in better shape than, say, F-Zero.
Cry, cry.
So, I think it's inevitable there will be one on NX at some point, but I don't think that necessarily means right away. It seemed too soon.
Yeah.
And even in chat, Kaijuto says, doubt it. Dr. Tetsuya says, I don't know if I buy that either.
And Orangewrite says, I think the only way is that if it's a straight up port of the Wii U version.
Well, you know, they didn't, they never really did name that game. It's just Super Smash Brothers for Wii, Wii U, excuse me, and Super Smash Brothers for 3DS.
So, they could just do Super Smash Brothers for NX, or whatever, obviously, they're not gonna call it NX, but whatever they call it.
So, this is pretty cool. There's someone working on a mod for Fallout New Vegas to add multiplayer to the game.
This always happens with Bethesda games.
They did the same thing for Skyrim. I don't remember what the progress is on that, but this one they've got now for New Vegas. I mean, I guess it's kind of the same type of thing, same engine, basically.
Alright, one more call for phone calls. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, on Skype.
So, the ever eloquent grandpa from Hoard House and the Starboard Power Coupling podcast just texted me, because you were just talking about birthdays, right?
So, he just sent me this meme, and it says, it has a picture of Nintendo 64 cartridges, and it says, Nintendo 64 turned 18 this month, now you can legally blow the cartridges.
That's funny.
That, of course, and the ever eloquent grandpa, Starboard Power Coupling podcast, where he goes by Captain Matt, but he'll always be grandpa to me.
That's very good timing. In fact, I'm even gonna tell him. I just read this meme on air. See what he has to say for that.
Is that it for stories, you guys?
I think so.
Alright, I'll put out one more call for calls. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, on Skype. Call for calls.
Uh, let's see. Act F says, Super Smash Brothers for Game Boy next.
Darktacuus says, didn't someone make that already?
Yeah, I think they did like a demake of that.
I know the Game Boy systems didn't have them, but now the 3DS handheld has one, but there you go.
AkumaJP in chat says, news, Mario will be on the NX.
Well, you know what's interesting about that though? Would they necessarily do a 2D Mario?
Because Mario Maker I sort of see as kind of the final, I mean, now you can make all the 2D Mario games you want.
I mean, it would have to be something kind of different.
No, because you would still need like new elements. It's just rehashing the old elements.
I guess.
But they also said that they were moving away from the 2D Mario now.
Well, I mean, but Mario games can also be Galaxy.
Can we get a new Paper Mario game? Super Paper Mario is fucking awesome.
Mario 3D World was pretty cool.
So Super Paper Mario 2 would be awesome.
Alright, well our phones are not lighting up. I guess the callers are shy tonight. I don't know. Sometimes we don't get them.
So I've closed up the Skype line. No calls tonight. Sad face.
I guess too many people were watching Grease live.
Or that's what happens when we take a week off is that people forget we're here.
So that's why I hate missing a show, but it is what it is.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show tonight. We really appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lawn Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word about the show where every gamer has a voice.
Maybe your friend will want to call into the show next week.
So, you know, help us spread the word because we don't have any big website or ad campaign to back us up.
So we really appreciate the word of mouth.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thought here in studio.
Shane, I want to thank you for being on the show, filling in last minute.
Being enthusiastic, wine probably helps.
And filling in the last minute with Dark Soccer Stories. Thank you so much for being here.
Welcome. Except for that cat story. You're not welcome for that.
You didn't really read it anyway.
Because nothing needed to be read about.
Good luck with your podcast. I'm seriously happy for you on that. That's really wonderful.
Thank you.
Do you want to tell people how to listen to it?
It's called Ranger Pride. You can find it on Twitter. Our Twitter is at Ranger Pride Cast.
C-A-S-T. It's also on iTunes. Just look up Ranger Pride. And we will have a Facebook soon.
We start our weekly episodes next week. And we'll be talking about the season premiere of Dino Supercharge.
Possibly among other things.
But we have like eight other episodes you can listen to now. With episode five being like the absolute best.
But it's like a two hour show.
Because you interviewed one of the other Ranger podcasters.
Yes. Yes we did.
Awesome.
You know I listened to the first. I haven't listened to anything but the first episode. I listened to a part of it.
And I. Up until the part where you were discussing the episode I was like alright. This seems kind of fun. This seems cool.
So. I don't know. Maybe you might convince me to watch an episode of Power Rangers at some point. Maybe. Maybe.
Again. You've done it before.
I did. I watched the trains one. But that wasn't. You don't talk about that because it's a Japanese one right? Or do you?
Well no. Not yet. We may at some point. But the trains aren't coming over here.
So we're all. Me and Spike are pretty depressed about that.
Aww. Let's just not bring it up please. Sorry. Sorry about that.
Let's do a cross licensing thing with Thomas the Tank.
See. Thomas the Tank engine is like popular. I don't get it. But whatever.
Thomas the Tank. I mean. I swear to God. I've watched enough of that to like know way too much about that show.
Like they have their own like their own like sentient beings. But they have people that drive them.
And so. Are the drivers just fucking retarded. Because they go like through. They have the dumbest fucking ideas.
All the time.
Alright. Shane. Did you have any last thoughts. Final. Final thoughts for us tonight.
I'm still hungry. But those Oreos were pretty good. Like I'm gonna get another one.
Alright. Regardless if you say I can or not.
Shane. You're pretty agreeing with me tonight. You like the wine. You like the cookies.
Well. Two for two tonight. The wine is just amazing.
The wine's making it more agreeable.
That's true. Probably. Probably right. That's probably right.
Then I'll have to be like. What's a game Shane hates. I'll be like. We'll play this game and you're gonna like it this time.
Yeah. We're gonna play Ni No Kuni and you're gonna really enjoy it this time Shane.
Okay. Can I get wine.
Alright. Thank you for being here.
My final thought for the night is. I'm sad we didn't get any calls. But act deft is true in chat.
That we did have emails to compensate for tonight. And my voice is about hit it's end.
So I'm ready for tonight's show to end. But thank you all for being here and listening. I really really do appreciate it.
And I'll hopefully be at 100 percent next week.
Loki. Last but not least. Your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I was just playing my game during the break and I don't really know where I'm going with it anymore.
So I think I'm just gonna finish what I have and just be done with it.
Because I had like good ideas for it and it just unfortunately it's. It's not quite what I wanted it to be.
And so I just want to work on something else at this point. Just get it done.
Alright. That's gonna do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio. We will be back next week to do it all again.
Hopefully Dark Soccer is better and she's with us next week. I'm sure she will be.
So stay tuned for that. And East Coast look out. I'll be seeing you in a few weeks at MAGFest.
Have a great night everybody. We'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
