What do Orange is the New Black and Genshin Impact have in common?
They made their rights holders billions of dollars and their creative cast a pittance.
One of them was unionized with insufficient contract terms for a new medium.
The other is non-union.
Both of them have financially struggling independent contributors.
Today in America, the Writers Guild continues to strike, the Screen Actors Guild now on
numerous gaming and other firms unionizing or unionized and the people are making long
overdue needs happen.
This is the Collective Bargaining Headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about
the gaming side of this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on
the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're live once again, episode number 968 of our show for tonight, July the 16th of
2023.
It's a very hot night.
I think in most parts of the country, but especially where we're based here in Northern
California.
Me, I'm Rob Roberts, and I am joined every week over the last 21 plus years with my co-hosts.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
Now, Jamie, it is so hot outside.
Why are you hanging out by a campfire?
That's what I want to know.
And pretending that it's a cold night that requires the campfire.
Okay.
Although my mic, you see where my mic clips in?
Yeah.
Technology.
So the problem is that anything that's kind of white is actually what's trying to show
through my background thing, and this application isn't robust enough to have different balance
detection.
So yeah.
All good.
All good.
And also joining us with the green screen effect tonight.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
You playing DDR in the garage in this heat?
Not this year.
Not this year.
Okay.
I see.
I see.
Yes, we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com.
Also, of course, on Twitch at vognetwork.
And yeah, Bobby Black Wolf is actually in chat and points out the arcade is off.
Yes, I did intentionally turn it off tonight just to save that little bit of extra energy.
It is 108 degrees today, which is at least what the weather app said last I opened it,
but it is a very, very, very high temperature.
And although I'm feeling okay, like the AC is on full blast, I just every little bit,
and I don't think these things generate a lot of heat, any little bit of heat, I'm turning
it off tonight.
So I'm sure you can understand why we don't have the ambiance of Tron and Burger Time
running in the background tonight, which are the two arcade machines that I have in my
office.
For now, I'm always looking at like, oh, I have this very obvious empty space between
the couch.
Hmm.
Anyway, we'll see what comes, we'll see.
So we're going to jump into our first topic tonight in gaming news.
And this has been what a lot of people have been talking about as this gets closer and
closer to reality.
Loki, do you want to kick us off with the latest and greatest on what is going on with
the Activision Microsoft merger and how the finish line I think is in sight?
Yeah, we're getting there.
So the FTC had a lawsuit that was out to try to stop it was basically an injunction
to stop the merger while they have their own like, I guess there's another court case that's
going on.
That's not until August, though.
But they're trying to basically force the merger from going through.
And that unfortunately failed in the courts.
And so in the United States, there's not really anything kind of stopping them now.
So that's good, at least.
So now we have to just wait, I guess, to whenever their next court date is, which I think is
in August.
But I know that Microsoft had basically a deadline that they had to meet in order to
avoid paying penalties.
But I mean, it's, I guess supposed to be going through.
Along with that, though, you know, they did make a deal as well with PlayStation to guarantee
that Call of Duty is going to appear on their platform, which I know was a major contention
point for at least I think the FTC and even I think in the UK regulators as well.
So be kind of curious to see what's going to happen with that because I don't think
they've ever resolved the whole UK thing as well.
So yeah, it's just right now figuring out what the UK the CMA is going to do.
And now that these new kind of events have happened, you know, especially with the deal
in Call of Duty, does that mean that Sony is not going to be pushing against it now
because they got kind of what they wanted?
Or are they going to try to, you know, there's nothing left to push against Sony's out of
options.
They tried their best to stop the deal.
It didn't work.
They're out of options.
In fact, my understanding is at least what's coming through is that now what Sony is ultimately
had to sign here is not as good as what they were offered before.
They were offered before all of this the offer to have all Activision games on their platforms
for five more years.
That's not what got signed.
What got signed was Call of Duty for more years.
So they're going to lose the other Activision titles like, you know, maybe on a case by
case basis.
But I think we all should be prepared for they're going to lose things like if there's
ever an Overwatch three potentially, you know, things like that, Diablo updates and things
like that.
I don't know if Sony would or excuse me, if Microsoft would withhold all of that.
I don't think it's in their best interest to withhold things like Overwatch three or
Diablo four expansions and so forth.
But it's there are going to be big games that Activision releases that do not come
to Sony now.
And that's that's that's the cost to do in business, I guess.
Yeah.
And the CMA said that, you know, Microsoft and Activision have indicated that they are
considering how the transaction might be modified and the CMA is prepared to engage with them
on this basis.
And seeing as that the agreements already been modified and Sony's basically agreed
to something.
So I'm wondering if that then changes what's going on with this.
But we'll just have to wait and see what happens.
But yeah, next week's gonna be interesting.
Yes it is.
I'll be very curious to see what happens with what happens overseas and how I mean, because
they're trying to close that deal on Tuesday.
So if we don't hear an excuse me an announcement tomorrow, because keep in mind, everything
overseas is about eight hours ahead of us.
So if we don't hear something tomorrow, I don't know what happens at that point.
You know, we've we've heard talk about that Microsoft could just pluck their entire operations
out of the UK or out of Yeah, out of the areas that are where they could do that temporarily
to until they get you know, you know, everything situated.
Yeah, it'll be very interesting.
Interesting to see what happens with that for sure.
We'll just get Konami to publish those titles, you know, like, they didn't know the region.
So that's fine.
Tiger Claw on chat says Sony needs a Call of Duty killer, but in the past, they had
games like it, but they weren't as good Well, you know, here's reality check for many gamers
out there, not necessarily the ones here listening to this show, but I want I need to give a
reality check to a lot of people out there.
For those of you that have said for years and years and years, I don't, I don't buy
into Xbox, Microsoft, I don't buy into them.
They don't have any exclusives.
I like they don't they don't have anything I like I halo halos overrated, Microsoft doesn't
have anything.
No.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
This mergers for you.
You did it.
You did it.
Now it's going to be a lot harder to say that, isn't it?
Moving forward that Microsoft I mean, this, of course, I'll be people that still say it.
That's you know, how it is some people have to be right all the time.
But the reality is Microsoft just bagged a lot more diverse exclusives through this deal.
And all of you that have been banging the drum saying, I don't buy Microsoft products
because they don't have good exclusives.
Congrats you played yourself.
Yeah.
And it's it's kind of silly the whole console worse thing anyways, because like, if you
just if you just play on PC, you're really eating good.
So like, I don't know.
I don't know it.
It's silly.
It's also like, look, and I'm not I'm certainly not anti Sony by any means.
I think you all know by now.
I love all the gaming companies.
I'm critical of all the gaming companies when it's deserved as well.
That's how that's how we work here at Orange Daunt Radio critical that you love.
That's right.
Absolutely.
So don't, don't sit here and feel sorry for Sony, because they have plenty of must have
exclusives.
You don't hear people even in the Microsoft camp, you don't really hear I mean, there's
always these extreme people, but you for the most part, do not hear people saying oh, Sony
doesn't have any exclusives.
That's why I don't play PlayStation.
So I don't have any exclusives.
You know, Sony has plenty of exclusives between the God of Wars, The Last of Us is that there's
plenty of things that Sony has.
And you know, there's obviously a lot of that chatter about well, how is Sony going to counterpunch
this?
Are they going to buy Square Enix?
Are they going to buy insert company here?
What's the counterplay here?
To get more exclusives?
Honestly, I just don't want I don't want to see any more consolidation.
Really the only reason I wanted Microsoft to buy Activision is to get rid of Bobby
Kotick.
Yeah, I'm 100%.
That's that's really it.
I don't like the idea of more consolidation because that worked well in the cable industry
and the internet industry and all that stuff like it doesn't it's not great.
Like they're not evil right now.
But like if they have a big majority, then there's nothing really stopping them from
just manipulating the whole market.
So it's, I don't know, it's not necessarily like a huge win to see them like, take Activision
Blizzard.
Yeah, I just want Bobby Kotick out because he's just awful.
But 100% I'm with you.
I've never liked the big fish eating big fish merge.
But unfortunately, this specific merger has another more important component.
And that is the removal of Bobby Kotick from the industry.
And yes, I know he stands to make a disgusting amount of money from this deal.
I do.
He makes a disgusting amount of money from everything.
Well, I hope he is sued, quite frankly, by some of the people that were formerly employed
by him to recoup some of that money.
That is a whole other issue when and hopefully that occurs is he owes some of that money
back to a lot of the people that he's heard over the years, but that is neither here nor
there.
The important part is, he won't be in this industry anymore.
And he can fuck right off to some desert island after this and enjoy spending all that money
on getting himself fanned and, you know, cocaine every weekend, if that's what he wants, to
be quite frankly.
But I just stay out of this industry.
He's done no good for it.
Let's see, going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Dejirama S says, what's interesting about is that among the people I know who have been
following this merger, 99% of those people don't give a damn about Kotick.
I mean, that says about those people.
I know.
Yeah, I'm trying to be nice.
But there you go.
I don't need to be nice about it.
That says a lot about those people if they don't care how he's treated his employees.
I can say that some people don't follow the business.
Some people may really truly not know how horrible it is on the inside.
But I hope maybe this merger can be a chance to educate said people.
That's that.
Let's see other comments.
Tiger class says now Microsoft will own quite an extensive library of games Activision is
filled with so much gaming history.
I'm super curious how fast this moves, meaning are we going to get some major games on Game
Pass next week?
Because I could see it.
I could see like assuming everything I could see like next Friday, they fucking throw down
Diablo two remastered Diablo three on Game Pass.
I could see it if not Diablo four.
I think I think that might be a little bit too wishful thinking.
But I could see that some of the Activision backlog is going to get added to Game Pass
real quick, which will be very exciting, especially because breaking news alert.
Apparently, it has just come out that Microsoft intends to change the pricing on Game Pass.
What a what a convenient time.
Well, let me take this back.
We knew they were changing the pricing.
We actually talked about last week or the week before that the price of Xbox is going
up.
But now we just learned tonight Xbox Gold is essentially getting replaced with something
called Xbox Core.
They are no longer going to give away monthly games with it.
They're going to have instead of a smaller library of Xbox games.
Like honestly, like honestly, like with the Microsoft giving away games each month, like
I forget half the time that they're doing that because I don't go in there to like because
I don't have a console hooked up, so I don't go in.
The quality has dipped for some years.
I actually think the 25 game library is probably ultimately going to be a better deal.
Yeah.
Because they'll probably be first party Microsoft games in that pack, maybe not the newest of
the new, but like Halo Anniversary Collection, I'm going to I'm going to Rob Stradamus, Halo
Anniversary Collection, one of those 25 games easy.
It's an older title, not selling a lot these days, really good show off of what Microsoft's
got to offer on their variety of consoles.
That's a very, very safe prediction.
But I would say you're going to see first party titles like that will make up those
25 titles.
Forza Horizon, I would bet would go into that too.
Maybe not the latest and greatest one, but I believe three is still up and running, right?
I don't think they pulled the servers for three.
So whichever one they still got the servers on for would be a part of that 25 as well.
So I think it'll probably be a very, very okay, they delisted except for five.
Okay, then four will be up.
Oh, licensing.
So I think that those are all safe battle four is delisted to Wow.
All right.
Well, maybe they do put five in there because five is a year old now.
But anyway, it's gonna be 25 mostly first party Xbox games that will be in that collection.
Maybe a couple third party games that you know, Sony does but you know, now, now that
they have Activision as well.
And you know, Bethesda, like Skyrim, probably in that bundle as well.
But we'll see.
We'll see what comes out for that.
Okay, anything else on the merger to talk about?
No, we'll just wait until this week.
Yeah.
But by the time we do the next orange lounge radio, we should either have a unified Activision,
Microsoft, Blizzard is now all one company or some fuckery overseas has stalled this
whole thing yet again.
So it could be very I'm very curious to see if in a week, we're talking about new game
pass games.
Well, they can't because if they don't go through, they owe $3 billion.
So like, it's, I they will, it will go through there unless it legally cannot go through
if they stop it in the UK, they'll be like, I'll need the UK.
Yeah, I guess that's what happens at that point.
That's true.
All right.
Okay, well, let's talk a little bit about the things that have been going on in our
gaming weeks, whether they've been Microsoft games or not.
In a segment we call How was your gaming week?
So dark soccer, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
Um, warm.
Actually there was a good bit of playing pinball this weekend, Dan's working on our whitewater.
It ended up being a little bit more of a money sink and we thought it was going to
be excuse me, I played of course, some Dead by Daylight wanted to wrap up the last couple
of things in the anniversary.
So that was that was pretty fun.
I also did my last stream of Marvel's Midnight Suns, I'm going to be going back to retro
games and I'm thinking about starting off with like a few simple games just to demonstrate
what they are.
Before I decide if I want to go back to Star Ocean and pick up where I left off, or if
I want to come back to it later and start on something new, I'm sort of thinking about
Tales of Fantasia.
I've also got Rudranohil on my list.
I have Marvelous Return to Treasure Island on my list, the original Live Alive, Great
Battle 5, there's a there's a few on my list, there's even a Kunio-kun game that's also
on my list.
So we'll see.
Oh, and the original Rayearth RPG for Super Famicom.
So we'll see, I've got a I've got a list, I'll put it up to a vote.
Also, you know, doing my stupid wordscapes and I'm still loving the new Cult of the Lamb
DLC and I finally beat it on stream.
So I'm still gonna like I'm gonna try to think of something else to do for my late Monday
night or, you know, that isn't just going right back to Dead by Daylight.
So if anyone has any suggestions for other things they'd like to see, let me know because
otherwise I might go back to playing virtual pinball.
Awesome.
Yeah.
All right, Loki, we'll go to you, your gaming week.
Let's see.
So Minecraft to start off with.
So I've been working on the stuff for my next episode, which I've gotten a lot of builds
done, but then I realized I need a lot more builds since because I need to finish the
whole interior of the base, the part in the mountain.
So I've been working on that right now and hopefully be done that soon so I can do the
editing because there's going to be lots of editing this episode, the last three episodes.
So down to the final three.
I did play other games though this week.
So we did Channel 64 plays where we all got together and played Among Us, which I've never
played before, funny enough.
So we did that.
Unfortunately, I was I wasn't an imposter the first two rounds, which is not good for
someone that hasn't played the game because, like, I don't know where any of the jobs are
or anything.
So I was like, I don't know what I'm doing.
But yeah, we played a little bit.
I kind of got the hang of it after a little bit.
And then I wasn't an imposter anymore, unfortunately.
Were you a shapeshifter?
Yeah, I was too both times.
Yeah.
But I didn't really know what I was doing.
Yeah.
So it's funny.
One of the advantages of being the shapeshifter is even if you're caught and the the crew
wins, you still win.
Oh, that's funny.
Yeah.
Because then you're converted into a crew ghost.
Yeah.
So what else?
So I played that I played Gravity Circuit, which was a game that we had behind me last
week.
The one that's kind of like, I think it's like Shovel Knight.
It's definitely like Mega Man Ninja Gaiden.
Yeah.
And it plays.
It's set up like a Mega Man type game.
It's pretty hard, actually.
But it's pretty fun.
You kind of your there's like this virus that's taken over all the robots that are in this
area and you've got to go like defeat these old you're part of like this like team of
robots that were defending everything.
Of course, the other ones have corrupted and now they're evil and so you have to go defeat
them and stuff.
But it's pretty fun.
I really like it.
It's kind of fun.
There's elements of Metal Slug in there and Ninja Gaiden and certainly probably Shovel
Knight as well.
I haven't played Shovel Knight yet, even though I have it in my library for like a long time.
But I'm sure it's got kind of all those different elements.
So it's really worth it.
It's a fun game.
I haven't picked I haven't played this yet, but I picked it up this week.
I saw an announcement from Limited Run Games that they are saying that they're going to
do a physical version of Riff Tracks the game like that's out already.
So we so I need to find some people to play that with because I love me some Riff Tracks
in Mr. Sans to your 3000 and that looks like a lot of fun.
It's kind of like a set up like a Jackbox game where you watch a clip and then you add
like a funny, you know, snarky comment to go with it in it in an AI voice reads it for
you during the clip.
So it's like you're doing your own MS3TK.
So it's going to be pretty awesome.
Yeah, I've I've played that on Twitch.
A friend of mine, Troy takes photos, streams that a lot on his Twitch channel.
And I played that once.
It's cute.
It's funny.
Yeah.
When you say AI voice, though, it's like it's like speak and spell lady.
Like it doesn't sound like it sounds fake.
It's that whole type of thing.
It adds to the humor.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So awesome.
That's it.
Good.
All right.
My gaming week.
I played Final Fantasy 16, which I've talked about for weeks and weeks on the program,
but I finally beat the game.
So obviously, I'm not going to spoil too much.
But was I satisfied with the ending?
Yeah, pretty much.
It was it was it was a fine ending.
And you know, obviously, I don't want to spoil too much.
Overall, my impressions of the game are favorable.
Is it the best Final Fantasy game ever?
No.
Is it in the top half?
Yeah, I'd say it's in the top half.
It's it's, you know, it's there's a lot of really good things about it, the combat system,
even though yes, they went action based.
It's really freakin satisfying.
And there's a lot I really enjoy about it.
The story, of course, is very well done.
You know, I think the comparisons to like, it's a television show, where the pilot episode
was that demo they put out, which was a strong like must must see TV.
And then you know, the rest of the series was definitely a good series worth your time
to watch.
Were there a few filler episodes?
Yeah, yeah, there were some filler episodes.
There were some moments towards the end that were getting a little dull.
There were some choices they made with the story I did not care for.
Again, I'm going to bite my tongue because I don't want to inadvertently spoil something
that's all I can really say the the one thing I will say because you know, of course, a
Final Fantasy game will have a bad person so I can say that I will say the the overall
big bad in the game week did not enjoy the character is just very super tropey to me.
In fact, that was honestly the weakest part of the plot was the the villain.
But there's other things that kind of help compensate for that, which is why I'm not
like bad on it.
But I again, I would I would be spoiling to get into further detail.
And that's all I can really say.
In six months, all bets are off.
But until then, Quest Buster says Final Fantasy 16 was really enjoyable for me really enjoyed
the story and the characters.
It definitely had a few rough edges, but overall good stuff.
Yeah, like that, that pretty much sums it up.
There are some parts that don't add up very well.
Like the crafting and the shopping system feels very like it's only here because it
has to be.
But like the hunts ended up playing out very well.
Some of the side quests just as good as the main quest, the characters for the most part
with the exception of the villain and maybe one other of the dominant characters.
I thought they were all who is I'll just say kind of also an antagonist.
So those that play the game know who I'm talking about, I would say all of the dominance were
really good.
Even, you know, there were actually a few of them that were antagonists, there's only
one in particular towards the end that I didn't care for, but the others were all really good.
So yeah, it's a lot of good stuff.
I also appreciate that when they said we made a game without needing DLC to enjoy the complete
story, they meant it.
This game has a definitive start and a definitive end.
I can see where they could put DLC in it if they want to.
And I could see one potential thing that DLC could be about for sure, because if you look
at the various icons or dominance that you come across in the game, there is one very
obvious element that is missing is referred to in a throwaway line, I think just to cover
that base, but they could explore more about like what happened to this, what, especially
when there was a whole I feel like something got cut, because there was a whole I'll just
I'll just say this isn't a spoiler because they've shown all the icons in the previous.
It's Leviathan is missed the water icon Leviathan is missing.
And they refer to Leviathan as like the old Leviathan.
But there's a whole sequence towards the end that very much involves water and like ocean
traversing and things happening in the ocean where I'm like, I feel like there could have
been a Leviathan plot here that's just not there.
So I I'd be curious for them to explore that a DLC will be very, very curious to see.
So um, but that's my thoughts on Final Fantasy 16.
Otherwise I have been playing other games as well back on Diablo four in preparation
of season one starting next week.
So if you are a Diablo four person, and you plan on playing the season, really good tip,
go get all the Lilith statues uncovered and go uncover the entire map because those things
will roll over into your seasonal game.
That is not only reknown boosts, but stat boosts for your character right out the gate
and that's going to really help with getting the jump on the character.
Quest Buster chat says, I also had a feeling that things might have been cut too.
I don't want to spoil, but it kind of felt weird to suddenly have a huge side quest dump
at that part of the story.
Yeah, no, I hear what you're saying.
And if they don't do DLC with 16, I hope I actually and either way, I actually really
hope they do a Final Fantasy 16 to I feel like they've got such a solid foundation that
if they were to build upon that, and there's one character who I would love to see them
base a 16 to around and again, you're gonna have to read between the lines.
This character is kind of has an it has a ambiguous like you're not sure kind of fate
at the end.
So I would love to see them make a 16 to based on this character, but even if it's like multiple
characters, or I mean, Jill actually might make for a great story kind of very, very
yrp from Final Fantasy 10 to I would love to see Jill be the star of the spin off spin
off game, actually.
So I actually hope that there is a 60 or I'm not saying Clive is gone, because Clive could
be there too.
So we could, you know, I'd love to see a variety of things were 16 to could go.
So we'll see.
Anyway, uh, I guess that's really it.
Randomly, I played Overwatch two today, because one of my friends really wanted to play a
game online with me.
And I was like, Okay, well, what do we both have?
And we decided we both have Overwatch.
And the good news, I actually won, well, we won both matches, I knew what the hell I was
doing.
I was and I even had to play tank one of those matches.
But it turns out, I am a pretty decent, decent, chaotic Winston, meaning I love to just when
everybody's fighting at the front, do the Winston thing and jump to the back and punch
the healers in the face.
It's very satisfying.
So I remembered how to do that in Overwatch.
That was my gaming week.
All right, we're gonna get into some gaming news.
Just a quick reminder.
Will not be here in two weeks, we will be here next week for Episode 969.
But we will not be here in two weeks live because I will not be here I'm going to be
out of town.
But for a great reason.
I'm going to be in Atlanta, Georgia, or the area I should say and I'm going to be at the
Southern Fried Gaming Expo, which is taking place July 28, through the 30th in the Atlanta
area.
You can get more information, I believe the websites game atl.com is the website for that.
And I'm very, very excited about this.
I'm actually going to be hosting or moderating a panel there and it's a really good one.
It's with some of their big guests that they actually have and you can actually see this
in the app, which is available now through a site called yap is where you go to get the
app.
This is a panel I'm going to be on called Nintendo voices live.
It's going to be Sunday one o'clock.
And on this panel, there's me next to some awesome voice actors that play Nintendo characters.
So it's Samantha Kelly, who's the voice of Princess Peach and Toad, Kenny James, the
voice of Bowser and Laura Faye Smith, the voice of Princess Rosalina are going to be
on that panel.
So I'm really excited about that.
That's gonna be a really cool panel.
And I'm really thankful to the folks at Southern Fried for giving me that opportunity to moderate
that discussion.
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
So looking forward to it.
So we'll see you there in the Atlanta area next or weekend after next July 28, through
the 30th.
I don't know if that panel Bobby was saying something about the panel being recorded and
put online.
Maybe I don't know how Southern Fried does their panels after the fact, if they put them
up on YouTube or what, as far as I'm concerned, if, if they don't put anything up at all,
because they want people to be there live at the show, then I completely understand
that.
But I'll let you know if they end up putting it online.
Okay.
Bobby says they do record some and put them on YouTube.
Also, Bobby here from the voice geeks network, of course, he's going to be there as well.
And it's going to be in his backyard.
And you know, Bobby loves the speed running community.
And he's going to be there with an eternal enigma, who's also a part of the games done
quick has done a lot of the announcing over the years, and also to speed running on their
own and is going to be doing I think it's Silent Hill homecoming is the game that they're
going to speed run live at the convention and talk about, it's going to be a little
more than what you might see during games done quick, because again, they're wanting
to kind of talk about speed running.
And like what all goes into that, because remember, the audience isn't speed run enthusiasts,
it's gaming enthusiasts who want to maybe find out more about speed running.
So it's pretty cool.
You can actually see I think last year's panel that was Silent Hill for question mark is
up online.
So stay tuned for that.
All coming up with the Southern Friday.
Thank you.
Bobby says it is on the vog YouTube channel, which I rarely promote, because we unfortunately
so rarely have content up there.
But that is a great piece of content to take a look at over on our YouTube channel at vog
network.
Okay, let's get into some gaming news from the week.
And this has been getting a lot of chatter around this first story tonight.
Loki.
Yeah, so the Genshin Impact voice actors say they're not getting paid and they want to
unionize.
I mean, I would do if I wasn't getting paid as well.
One of basically, we had a couple different people on it says on July 12, like Corina
boater, or boater and Brandon wickler, two boys actors who have voice characters in Genshin
Impact, we did about how frustrated they were in cleaning that money was owed to them and
hadn't been paid in months.
Basically said after the fifth email, no response.
This is regarding Genshin Impact excusable for us actors to be waiting for plus months
for pay when you have 80 when you make 86 million per month.
Unfortunately, this is not a common problem, or not an uncommon problem.
So yeah, it's kind of irritating that I mean, I guess it makes sense.
All industries seem to be doing this.
I mean, we have the whole actors and writers strike right now in, you know, in Hollywood.
So of course, this kind of treatment extends outside of that industry as well into gaming
and whatnot.
But yeah, everybody should be paid on time and fairly.
Yeah, so it doesn't make sense that they're just going to just Oh, we'll pay you later
because these people will count on this kind of stuff.
But they're trying to are they trying to put all the blame on a third party with this too?
Like they're trying to say it's the organization or I don't know, it's kind of messy.
Yeah, so let's see, basically, um, I don't see any details regarding a third party in
here.
But basically, they said that, you know, this project made billions.
This project should be a union.
And this wouldn't happen if the game was a union.
Tell them to make the game sag.
Yeah, I don't think you I don't know if I mean, I guess.
Voice actors would be part of the sag they could be well they okay, so they could be
right like, you know, especially your large ones like Jennifer Hale, I'm almost certain
are part of sag because you might remember, a few years ago, we had a sag strike in the
voice actor gaming space, you know, it's been a little bit but they actually did.
So this current strike going on actually doesn't impact video games.
And if you actually go on to the strike website, where it talks a little more about what they
can and they can't do.
Sag after folk are allowed to voice video games right now.
That is not something so you know, a lot of people could be kind of talking things.
But if you actually go to the strike website, it'll actually say in one of the infographics,
they are allowed to work on video game voiceovers because that is that is a separate contract.
Just like broadcast TV stuff is a separate contract.
So long story short, Julie Chen hosting Big Brother, she can do that because technically
that is it's weird, but it's under broadcast news, basically, so it's a part of that contract.
Okay, so I do see the part of regarding the third party of the trans claims.
So a representative from Ohio verse made a statement saying that we truly regret to learn
about the ongoing situation Genshin impact values and respects the work of everyone involved.
And we support our voice actors claim to their proper do we have made payments to our
recording studio on time, and we have immediately urged the studio to pay our voice actors.
So they're basically putting the blame on a recording studio.
Okay, sure, whatever.
I mean, I guess we'll have to see because ultimately, like, you know, yeah, you could
make that argument that, you know, Oh, well, we paid this vendor, they didn't pay them.
So but like, ultimately, you're responsible for that, you know, because you hired them.
And Jason is in our chat and points out the strike is against the AMTP AMPTP contract
specifically, which I think is Academy of motion, man, like all the ocean, we heard
all this stuff that they talked about, like with that, like, Oh, hey, we're gonna, oh,
the AI is Oh, yeah, it's awful.
How ironic, you know, with Netflix in the whole brand new season of Black Mirror, it's
like, it's like, this is literally what we're talking about this scenario that you put on
your platform, you just like, you don't see the correlation here.
It's like, we've literally talked about this, yeah, on your own platform.
And in here, you're doing the thing that the long and short of it is that the emotion picture
companies want to be able to have AI generated background actors, which to some extent, we've
seen computer generated background things before, but they want to be able to scan people
when they come in for a day and then use them as their likeness in the background and not
pay them for it.
It's bull.
That's, yeah,
that.
No, they, they should inherently understand what's wrong about this request.
Yeah.
I mean, I can't.
Sjo 100 Matt in chat says if you haven't heard it yet, listen to Fran Drescher's speech.
Yes, she did do a very good job.
I do.
I do want to remind folks, she had some not so great perspectives during the COVID-19
stuff.
But I'm going to just acknowledge this particular case, she did a very good job.
And that speech was very well done.
And you know, you would expect coming from an actress that it was going to be well done.
But she did.
She did deliver for her union on that part.
Yes, she did a very good job with that.
So yeah, it's, it's very good.
And yeah, if you look at the again, the millions and millions the executives make these same
executives who are fucking yanking projects, you know what the you know what the fucking
irony is of this whole thing, the irony of this strike and all that.
I bet we get a Batgirl release now.
That girl's probably gonna get released now.
You know why?
Because all this shit that they archived and threw in the vault is going to be all that
they have left to release.
I don't think they can because they already took the tax payment from that they got the
their return on that already.
Wasn't the right off this year, though.
Oh, fiscal year.
Yeah, so they can't do that.
I mean, they can try doing that.
But then they're going to be in legal trouble with, you know, well, the taxes, but like,
I don't know.
So the last time there was a writer's strike, they did, they started pulling in shows from
Canada was one thing that they started doing.
And then now that you know, you have all right, a lot of international stuff, time to shine,
you can't do it on television coming back, right?
They've tried.
Honestly, they have tried and it failed, but I know I don't want anything to succeed in
light of the strike, even that I want the actors and the union to and the writers to
get a fair deal.
That's what I want.
So even if it costs so you can't do that on television reunion or whatever you want to
put on, but South Korean TV shows will be another big one that will probably come from
this.
So game shows.
Oh, yeah.
Game shows.
SS Joe 100.
Matt points out reality shows using YouTubers and streamers.
Mr. Beast getting a game show.
Yeah, you better kind of his whole panel is already a game show.
You better hope they resolve this strike quick.
You better hope.
So anyway, back to the issue at hand, though, against an impact.
I mean, obviously, this is probably going to put more pressure for more video game productions
in general to be union based.
So it could be very interesting.
By the way, sorry, but do you know what the interesting gray area with this whole thing
right now is?
And I'm very curious about this considering I host panels at conventions, and I don't
know what's going to happen if Dragon Con comes up, because you know, as part of this,
they cannot promote their projects, future or past.
As part of this, they are allowed to do convention appearances, they're allowed to do photos
and autographs and that whole thing because it's, you know, obviously, they know this
is how like Star Trek actors like make their living these days, right?
Is these convention appearances and many folks that do that circuit as well.
So they don't want to cut it a livelihood that however, as part of it, they are not
allowed to promote past or present or future stuff.
So there is a huge Star Trek convention coming up, where there's going to be all these actors
there, they're not going to be able to talk about Star Trek.
So now what happens?
You're going to get all these very interesting panels that are like, talking to Star Trek
actors about philosophy.
And like, actually, but it actually could be really cool, because you're going to start
to see like, for example, Armin, dammit, I can't remember his name.
He played Cork.
Shimmerman, isn't it?
No.
Is it?
No.
Shimmerman.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
He is like a completely trained Shakespeare actor.
I remember this because on the on the cruise that we went on, he did a whole Shakespeare
class.
That's going to be the type of panels you're going to see at conventions.
Cork teaches Shakespeare.
No, they can't even say it's Cork.
They're just gonna have to say it's Armin Shimmerman doing Shakespeare because they
can't talk about projects past and present.
That's actually his name.
So yeah.
Hey.
Yeah.
No, no, it is.
It is.
But it's it's just gonna be very, very interesting.
And a lot of folks in chat are talking about San Diego Comic Con.
Can't do anything with that.
I believe Anson Mount, who wrote and pod culture, they can't talk about Buffy either.
I don't think that's what you meant.
But yeah, they wouldn't be able to talk about anything past or present.
Anson Mount, who of course, is on Strange New Worlds, who's going to be at the Star
Trek.
Well, they don't call it Star Trek because they don't have the naming rights.
I think they call it the 51 year voyage or something.
They call it something weird.
So he's supposed to be there.
He said that they are trying to work out like an interim agreement because essentially,
it's an independent con producer, so that they could essentially and they're not a part
of AMTPA, AMPTP.
So they're going to try to do an ad hoc agreement, essentially, to do that.
So I'll be very curious to see what happens with Dragon Con.
I hope the strike is resolved by Dragon Con, quite frankly, I would hate to see it because
that's like six weeks out.
I'd hate to see it go on that long, but we're gonna have some interesting fucking panels
if this doesn't get resolved.
As a panel host, I'm kind of scared like what am I going to have to do?
I think I'm okay because I do video gaming and again, video gaming is actually excluded
from this whole thing.
So we can still talk about video games.
So for the most part, I feel okay.
But I'm worried about other panel hosts and just that whole weird position that's going
to put everybody in where we can because then the other problem is you can't really do audience
questions.
I mean, you can try, but you can't really do audience questions because every time they
ask a question about a project, it's going to be, nope, can't do it.
Nope.
Can't do it.
Can't talk about that.
Can't talk about that.
So it's going to be interesting.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about another story, which is, again, is also make me Oh, yeah,
please.
Just one other thing about this, though, is that putting our voice actors and other actors
and positions that they can't speak about certain things, you know, their fans are going
to get pissed, right?
And hopefully direct that ire to the right source.
Right?
No, that's the point.
And that's essentially the point, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just wanted to point that out just because it's something that people don't always think
about.
Yeah.
If we do end up doing these panels and there is a strike going on, it will probably every
strike will probably or every panel will probably open with due to the ongoing strike.
We are not allowed to talk about these projects today.
We would we would love to do this.
But until actors can be given a fair deal, we're not allowed to talk about this to bring
attention to this matter.
For more information, go to sag strike or whatever the website is.
Sorry, I don't know what I've taught my head by things like sag strike.org or something.
You know, go go there and learn more information.
Yeah, it's gonna be to try to get more awareness for social pressure to go on these companies.
Although I feel I feel like they're already winning that battle.
But there's a lot of people out there who are not in the know, I suppose, that aren't,
you know, on social media and things like that who are not in the know still, so we'll
see.
All right.
Let's talk about this story, which has to do with classic video games and the fact that
classic video games are kind of disappearing a little bit.
A recent study has come out that shows that 87% of classic video games are actually endangered.
This is a study that was done by the Video Game History Foundation.
They're out of production, they're unavailable in the current market, and so they're considered
critically endangered.
In this study, they do not consider emulation as something that's available in the current
market because the average person, quote unquote, does not have the technical prowess, we'll
say, I'm summarizing here, to go in and emulate games on their own.
And to be fair, you know, when we talk about emulation, no one's getting a cut of that.
We all know that that's why emulation is really a gray area, but we would want companies to
put their stuff out a little more openly.
So yeah, that's only 13% of gaming's overall history is actually readily available, so
to speak.
There's certain games you just can't play anymore unless you pirate them.
It's the way it is.
Especially a lot of like PC based games or, you know, games that got pulled off the market
a long time ago, something like Rule of Rose, if you will, because of its controversial
subject matter and so forth.
So now, obviously, collections come out sometimes like, you know, Konami has been doing a lot
of these lately with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles collection, there was a Contra collection.
Hamsters Arcade Archives is pretty cool and has saved a lot of games, but we all know
that that's where the 13% comes from, but it's definitely not a lot.
Producers don't have a solution, nor do they often care about preservation.
So I think it's also coming to a call of like, we need an official way to preserve.
If we want to consider video games art, we need an official way to be able to preserve
this art.
And the Internet Archive lost a court case not that long ago about the sharing of ebooks.
So it makes the concern that we're not going to have a way to actually preserve these games.
If you want to learn more about it, you can actually visit the Video Game History Foundation
website, gamehistory.org, and they have a whole website set up about this, slash 87%.
Again, that's gamehistory.org, slash 87%, kind of all one word, 87%, all smushed together
there.
If you want to read more about this, and you can see more of the reports and you know how
things are not as available as they used to be.
This all being said, this is very interesting because you're going to see in our, as I was
putting together the outline for tonight's show, over half of our stories tonight involve
older projects returning, which is great news, I think.
But again, it's part of the 13%.
It's not part of the 87% in this.
There's a lot of games out there where the legal rights to who could even republish this
game if they wanted to have been in question for a while.
Dark Sakura, myself, and sometimes Loki, we talk until we're blue in the face about a
game called the Guardian Legend and how awesome it would be to see that released as some type
of official capacity.
But the rights are in a weird place right now.
I think we figured out who it is, but it's still like, it feels like a company that isn't
really in a hurry to put out retro catalog stuff.
We need a way to be able to preserve art like the Guardian Legend.
It's a damn shame that our kids can't really officially play that game unless we download
an emulator and do that whole thing.
So anyway, it's definitely something to read up more about and, you know, kind of get again,
sometimes it's about putting that voice and awareness out there so that we in turn put heat on
our elected officials to, you know, try to allow things like the Internet Archive to remain in
place or a library of gaming, if you will, which is kind of what the Video Game History
Foundation basically strives to be.
So it'd be very interesting to see where this goes.
So, well, speaking of history, DarkSakura.
Yeah, so one of the icons of the gaming industry, one Major Nelson is stepping down from Xbox.
I mean, who do we think of when we think of Xbox?
I mean, it's the man, you know, always been MasterChef.
But yeah, MasterChef.
But then again, I mean, he's been there for 20 years, and I think if he wants to step down, he should.
He said primarily he wants to spend more time with his family, and that's cool.
His statement is, after 20 incredible years, I have decided to take a step back and work on the
next chapter of my career.
Midna!
Sorry.
As I take a moment and think about all we have done together, I want to thank the millions of gamers
around the world who have included me as part of their lives.
Also, thanks to Xbox team members for trusting me to have a direct dialogue with our customers.
The future is bright for Xbox, and as a gamer, I am excited to see the evolution.
Thanks, and I'll see you online.
Yeah.
So he says he's going to take some time to spend with his family, enjoy the summer, and, you know,
just take some time off before he goes on to his other projects.
Yeah.
Good for him.
Yeah, he's been a great face of Xbox over the years.
He really has been, you know.
And, you know, in chat, Questbuster says Nintendo had Howard Phillips, and Xbox had Major Nelson.
Now, Major Nelson may not have been an executive at the company like a Howard Phillips, a Reggie Fils-Aime,
you know, or some of these faces we associate, you know, when we see the stage.
But Major Nelson did a great job of really, you know, supporting community in many ways.
And when the Xbox 360 was a big system, you know, it really started to bring us more digitally
delivered content through Xbox Arcade.
We also saw for a long time, a lot of his like gaming minutes and so forth were things
you could download on 360 or things you could watch through the 360 store.
It was really kind of before Sony and certainly Nintendo getting on that, you know, wave of
delivering a message directly to the consumers through the marketplace, which is, you know,
a big part of Major Nelson having handed that.
And as Jonah and Matt says, for the longest time, we said blank company needs a Major Nelson.
Truth.
The man did a lot for Xbox and gaming in general.
DJ Rama S says, I met Major Nelson when I worked at Microsoft.
He was there for the Halo Midnight release.
He gave my manager grief for ordering Domino's since he's from New York City.
As he should, as he should.
Bobby Blackwolf with an excellent point as well saying, Major Nelson was one of the very
early champions of gaming podcasting and legitimized us podcasters.
Truth.
I don't know how often we've talked out loud about this, but Microsoft more so than any
of their competitors.
I'm not saying the others didn't do this.
I'm just saying Microsoft more so than any of the others really embraced podcasting and
indie podcasters, quite frankly, from the get go and really, you know, I invited podcasters
from the early go to do some really exciting opportunity type of things.
You may or may not recall.
We here at Orange Orange Radio had a gamer pick of an official gamer pick on the Xbox
360 marketplace.
Sadly, it is no longer available.
I think it's actually one of those things where like the agreement that we signed actually,
I think, ended after so long.
I actually think that's what it is.
I think even we signed the thing that was only for like seven years.
There was a way to get those back, though.
They disappeared for a while then.
I remember there was a way like to get it back now.
Well, I never changed mine.
I never changed mine.
So technically, and I want to be technical.
Technically, it was an all games radio.
So before we were on VOG Network, we were on a network called All Games Radio and All
Games Radio put out a community pack or something like that.
It was a gamer pack because there was us and there was one other online radio community
at the time.
The name I don't recall in the moment because they've been disbanded for a while, but they
had the first pack and then we had the second pack and our picture was in that.
So Bobby says Gamertag Radio's community, but that was one of the shows in the other
community, but I can't remember the name of that community.
But it does obviously go to show how much Microsoft has really embraced.
Gamertag Radio obviously has done a lot with Microsoft over the years and had, if I remember
right, Phil Spencer went on their thousandth show that they did over there.
So that's how much Microsoft's really embraced the whole podcasting thing and that.
So it's great.
And Major Nelson, of course, a huge part of that.
So he will be missed.
But at the same time you go 20 years, that is an awful long time to be doing one job.
So you take it from us here at Orange Launch Radio, 20 years is a long time.
But this isn't the job we get paid for either.
So we do this because it's the quote unquote fun part.
Was that Gamerscore blog?
Was that it?
No, Gamerscore blog was the one that put the pictures out there.
I can't remember the name of the other network.
I'm such a jerk.
But again, it's been disbanded for years.
And I think Gamertag is the only show that was on it that still exists.
So, yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah, you have another one, right?
A little tidbit.
Just that I think is interesting, given that we've been bringing up classic games that
are, I guess, endangered.
Is that Sega is looking to, well, I mean, sort of looking to, but the president of Sega
and the chief operations officer, Sugino Yukio, was talking about reboots.
He, of course, did point fingers at Sonic the Hedgehog for rebooting.
But they also did bring up that there are some other games.
And so that the Samba de Amigo one is not a reboot, but a new game in the series.
And they want to look at some other games that go back to 2D.
But they're looking at their other IPs and thinking of ideas.
They want to do new things, but sometimes they can breathe new life into the old ones.
I mean, I would never see Sonic ever going away.
But I like the whole rebooting the classic types.
Because obviously we have the modern stuff.
Rangers.
Yeah.
So, all right.
And thank you, Bobby, finally scratching the itch of my memory in chat.
It was called Gamercast Network was the name of that network.
That's right.
Now that you said it, I'm like, oh, yeah, that was it.
I knew that the whole time.
No, I didn't.
I forgot.
OK.
All right.
Moving on, let's go to Loki.
Yeah.
So, because Media Molecule is going to be taking down support for Dreams September 1st
of this year, they've gone ahead and made some changes to their content policy that
it's going to allow for both commercial and personal purposes use of any player created
music, animations, films and art made in Dreams.
So, whereas you will not necessarily be able to, I think, share stuff through Dreams, you
will be able to develop stuff with Dreams to then export out to your own projects or
share on the Internet in other ways.
So, that's kind of neat that you can use it as a tool.
I don't know how easy, aside from like doing like screen captures for like animations and
stuff, you would be able to, you can't really export models or anything like that.
Neat.
I think the idea is fascinating in a way to, I realize this isn't exactly what they're
doing, but hear me out.
I think in a way it's a fascinating idea to take what they did with Dreams and really
encourage people to think of it as a game making platform similar to like a Unity or
a Unreal or something like that.
Or click fusion or one of those like box studio making things to help you in RPG maker.
I don't know.
Or just like create just content that you can use in other things.
So, like maybe artwork and stuff like that or you can make like little short films or
like kind of as a media software instead of a game now or something like that, which is
kind of neat.
Yeah.
I never did get around to playing this game, which is really a damn shame.
Did you ever play this, Loki?
I did not.
I just watched a lot of videos of people playing stuff.
In fact, I watched one.
It was, remember, I think we talked about a while ago where somebody recreated the T-Rex
scene from Jurassic Park in Dreams and they recreated the whole thing cinematically and
it looks pretty cool.
They expanded upon that now.
They're making a game in Dreams where basically a T-Rex is like walking around.
Kind of like how where they kind of teased and lost the world but never really fulfilled
with it, you know, whereas you have dinosaurs in the mainland.
I mean, I guess there's Jurassic World and stuff like that, but that's just silly and
stupid.
But what the original like thought was with that where it's kind of like almost like a
horror game type of thing where there's a T-Rex stalking you outside of your house type
of thing and you have to figure out what's going on.
So, it looked kind of cool.
I think Dreams and Media Molecule kind of got dealt a bad deal.
I mean, even I.
It was very abstract.
I follow video games a lot and even I kind of like this blipped on my radar, but it never
like cemented on my radar and I feel like Sony didn't push it enough compared to like
Little Big Planet or something.
Maybe it was because it was a harder to I don't know.
I just feel like Sony didn't push it as much as they should have.
But I guess it's easy to say that in retrospect about a lot of titles.
So.
All right.
Well, moving on to this next story, you know, we've been talking about retro games that
are disappearing and so forth.
But man, if you want to talk about a retro game, like Criterion Collection type of way
of preserving it, this looks really stunning.
So, Digital Eclipse has actually announced this game that is the making of.
I always called this game Karateka, but I think it's actually Karateka is what it's
supposed to be.
But I always say karate because, you know, it's in the Karateka.
But anyway, there's many ways to pronounce this.
Digital Eclipse has announced the making of this.
It is a gold master series.
Basically, this game looks like it is made in the Atari 50 engine, which really wasn't
bad at all.
It has a similar type of timeline and all of these clips that you can see in the trailer
that's playing live on Twitch.
But even if you're listening on the podcast feed, you just see lots of concept art, photographs,
prototypes, different versions of the game.
So, you know, because again, games that came out back then went on like 20 different platforms.
So, there's actually going to be like four different versions of the game that will be
available like Commodore 64, Apple 2.
There's going to be a prototype available of the game.
This is awesome.
So, the editorial director of Digital Eclipse, Chris Koehler, said our mission with the gold
master series is to elevate these games, presenting them in the best possible light while putting
them in their proper historical context, an approach we've dubbed the interactive documentary.
So, again, if you've played Atari 50, you know what this is essentially going to look
like.
And there's a whole new remastered version as well that looks pretty good.
Like the remasters that were in the Atari 50 collection.
I didn't like the games so much that they like rebooted.
Like they did like a haunted house thing that was very meh to me.
But in that collection, they put like a Yars revenge that was just basically the Atari
2600 version of Yars revenge.
But like with modern, like not even modern graphics, like it just like put a modern effect
kind of on the graphics that made it look very new and stuff.
And that's what you kind of saw going on with Karateka.
And that I think it looks really cool.
I think for me, this is all about price because I don't think you could charge 70 bucks for
this.
In fact, it might be hard to charge a lot.
But man, if they release this at the right price, I hope people buy it and eat this up
because this is the way to I mean, this is preservation in every sense of the word.
By the way, if you don't know Karateka, it was an older PC game and it kind of the same
creator ended up making Prince of Persia.
So that whole movement and what went into those sprites early on, like it was really
unheard of the amount of fluidity that went into the sprite and the old art direction
in those games.
That's why, you know, because you may be sitting there going, I've never heard of Karateka.
But it was it did new things for art and it did new things for, you know, like a game
that wasn't really a loop.
It was a game that you move through like a story.
It's not the first one that ever existed, but it's first one that really did it.
At this type of level.
It's really, really cool.
Bobby points out that Karateka was the first game that had humans in cut scenes.
Oh, good point.
Because, you know, Pac-Man had Pac people and ghosts, but not humans.
Well, it's very interesting.
So, hmm.
Dark to see you in chat says, I'm actually kind of excited.
I was never super good at Karateka, but I did play it.
Wouldn't be opposed to owning a definitive criterion style version of it.
Questbuster in chat says the rotoscoping techniques used in this were so groundbreaking at the time.
So seriously, even if you've never heard of Karateka, I feel like this is the type of game where it's like,
you can learn something about the gaming industry.
This is this is any YouTuber that wants to comment on the industry should be required
to play a game like this and understand what all goes into it.
So and I'm happy to play it and educate myself as well.
I think it's it's cool.
I I hope it is successful and I hope they're encouraged to do this with more old school games for sure.
Because, yeah, Atari 50 is really not a bad collection at all.
It's quite good considering the Atari collections over the years.
So Bobby Black Wolf in chat says this is kind of like watching Casablanca and then being like, wow, this shit is so derivative.
And then you realize that Casablanca is what defined the tropes.
Yes.
Yes. Bury that. Bury that.
All right. Let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Anyway, they have Atari has gone with Dreams Incorporated to do an adaptation of Lunar Lander called Lunar Lander Beyond.
Should be out this year for PC and console, but it's adding some simulation and narrative to the game and some precision mechanics added on in.
You basically are the appointed the newest captain of the Pegasus Corporation and you have to guide your crew through these various areas with very demanding missions.
You go in space and deliver cargo and do all kinds of stuff like that.
And and it also looks so there's a conflicting information here said that it's supposed to be in the first half of twenty twenty four for Switch.
So anyway, yeah, cool game.
I'm actually I like the art direction and I think that it looks really neat.
Yeah. And I remember the old school.
Very vibrant.
Is so difficult.
And kind of toonie.
Yeah.
Hopefully adding the narrative element to it will breathe new life into it.
All right.
That's it.
Loki.
All right. So this is great news.
If you are looking to play some emulators on the Xbox series S or X, you may remember they had this available before the UWP folks were either.
Well, actually, even before that, they did they were loading them in through the dev mode.
If you paid like 20 bucks to Microsoft, you can get your console unlocked to be a developer console.
And then they would just take developer versions of those emulators and run them on there.
That got shut down. And then, of course, there was a workaround that allowed you to do it without having your console in developer mode, basically downloading a specific UWP app through the Web browser.
And now they're back doing the same thing again, except they're trying to hide it a little bit better with the package, disguising in a way that you won't necessarily won't be as caught as quickly by Microsoft.
So the hacker group UWeapons has basically figured out a way to do this.
They have a way you basically sign up to their Patreon and you're given the link to go download the app.
And they have different emulators in there.
I think it was the Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, GameCube and Dreamcast are in there.
And yeah, it looked like it was running pretty well.
I just I don't play on my console enough to bother trying this out, but it looked cool.
You can play, you know, Wii games on there, boot up some Excite truck again.
But yeah, pretty cool looking thing.
I wonder how quickly they will catch and patch this out.
Probably not too long.
Yeah, probably not too long before they do that.
But even if they do patch it out or this is too difficult for you to follow, we now have an official way to enjoy retro games on the Xbox.
And let me tell you, my jaw hit the floor when I heard this news this week.
You know why?
Because on last week's show here on OLR, this is not this is not a Rob Stradamus thing.
This is a chat Stradamus thing.
Out of the blue, SG100 Matt, I think it was, asked us about Antstream or brought up the topic of Antstream.
The, of course, you know, cloud based gaming system that rolled out a few years ago at this point.
I think it was just before the pandemic had rolled out and it was on Xbox One.
And I remember saying, God, I wish they would have brought that out for Series S or X.
I would have loved to have played that and continue doing that on Xbox.
But I ended up letting my subscription lapse, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, somebody was fucking listening.
Let me tell you, because this week the news came out.
Antstream Arcade has announced they will be coming to Xbox One and Xbox Series X and S later this month.
And games that were previously only playable on Sony or Nintendo platforms will become playable on Xbox through its service.
I do want to say, I think that's a cute little tagline.
It isn't the first time that Sony and Nintendo games have been playable on maybe I don't even know.
I don't know if they're talking first party because I don't think anything first party is on the service.
I don't see Nintendo ever licensing that.
But maybe, maybe Donkey Kong arcade or something.
I don't know. But my point is, the Rare Replay had Cobra Triangle in it, an NES game, among other games.
I'm just doing the ones I remember.
And then of course, all these Konami collections over the years actually do have NES games and PlayStation games even in the case of Castlevania.
You know, and Subcontra is in them.
So it's technically not the first time they're playable.
But okay, you know what, there are certain picks in here that are going to be playable for the first time.
Sure, of course, we'll give them that.
Anyway, retro titles that go all the way back to the Commodore era.
You can play games because it's through the clouds.
You don't really install anything except the player.
They've been adding more and more retro titles through time.
And of course, this is already available on PC, Mac, Linux, Android, Android TV, Fire Stick, Samsung, and the web browser.
Funny enough, this press release neglected the Atari VCS. Oh, well.
And stream arcade is coming out for $30 later this month, a year.
You pay for $30 a year or if you want lifetime access, 80 bucks.
So could be interesting.
It's not bad. I mean, if you're really into retro games, that's not a bad price.
If you're really into retro games, it's not a bad price at all, to be honest.
And the collection was pretty decent.
I mean, I let my service run out some time ago, and it's only gotten better since then.
Like, I don't remember things like Ninja Gaiden, Mortal Kombat, Spy Hunter.
I don't remember these games being on the service.
But you know I love me some Commodore 64.
And there were some really great games that were on the service from the Commodore 64 era.
So I think it's worth a look, if nothing else.
I think they have a monthly version too.
But yeah, the service will be available in Europe, the UK, USA, Canada, and Vatican City.
So sadly, I'm not seeing Mexico or Australia or some of the other places I know we have listeners at in this yet.
But cross your fingers and your toes.
Do you have any listeners in the Vatican?
Yeah, I don't think we have any. Just one.
I don't think we have any listeners in the Vatican.
It's like some assistant to some bishop who works for the Pope.
Yeah, yeah, right.
He loves video games.
Yeah.
But I wonder, so of course Deft is in chat saying, boo, I wonder if you can't create a US account and get the service that way.
VPM.
Yeah, because I'm sure you all are already familiar with that process from some other companies.
So anyway.
And they said, well, there's a thing on here, which I don't know, we don't talk about preordering very much.
But like they said, if you preorder it and stream arcade on Xbox, one in 10 will get upgraded to a lifetime pass edition for free.
Fine.
All right, cool.
I hope it's for free.
Doesn't specify for free.
We're just going to randomly charge some of you guys a little bit more than you wanted.
I hope you don't mind.
That would be funny.
All right, well, for our next segment, I don't think this game is on Antstream, but it's still worth a trip down memory lane nonetheless.
Let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick Dark Sakura?
I picked Parasite Eve, another game I thought I had done, but apparently not.
Parasite Eve came out in 1988, and it's a role play game that was published by Square.
It's actually a sequel to the novel Parasite Eve, which I've actually started reading.
The novel is written by Sena Hideaki, and this was the first game of the video series.
It follows a police officer named Aya Brea over a six-day span in 1997 to stop Eve, who is a woman who plans to destroy humanity through spontaneous human combustion.
That's kind of cool.
I mean, what a way to go, right?
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
This is Square's first M-rated game, and the first major American-Japanese game development collaboration.
It was produced by Sakaguchi Hironobu, and directed by Tokida Takashi.
And the music, of course notable, one of my favorite game music people of all time, Shinomura Yoko,
who was tasked with doing an inorganic and emotionless soundtrack, and actually had two album releases.
It was considered overall very positive, though some people considered it to be too linear.
At any rate, the game was actually part of a bigger thing in Japan where different horror was being sort of re-sparked in the public eye.
And so the book actually ended up being re-released and had a film adaptation and two manga, one based on the book and the other one based on the game.
And then there were two sequels to the game, Parasite Eve 2 in 1999 and The Third Birthday in 2010.
Also, the game was re-released on PSN in 2010.
And basically the first two games have shipped over three million copies by 2010 worldwide.
So this was...
There were other games that Square was releasing at the time that had some very experimental type of combat systems.
You know, for their mechanics like Final Fantasy VII, Resident Evil, they were kind of going along with some of that.
And this was considered to be a cinematic RPG, so it was trying to evoke like a movie experience.
So you can only move around to specific destinations in the game on this world map, which is basically a map of Manhattan.
And then you get, like on a hotspot, you get a random encounter.
So they materialize and attack you on the screen you're running around on, so like no battle mode or special thing.
And then in the game you have an active time bar that basically it has to go through a cycle before you can take your turn.
But you can move around to dodge attacks during your waiting period.
And then you can choose to attack, so the battle pauses so you can do your thing.
Or you can not attack.
So you also have a tune-up option that when you choose a weapon that can be altered and attribute certain things to it.
And then of course you gain levels as you go through it.
When you beat the game you do have a new game plus mode that's called EX Game.
You have every item stored in the police station.
You begin with the final weapon and armor, the stuff you chose before ending the game.
But you go back to being level one.
But the bonus points that you got at the end of the game are now available for you to use.
Items, weapons, power-ups, enemies, everything is more powerful.
And a big difference is that you can now go through the Chrysler building that has 77 randomized floors that leads to a final boss battle with, I would reckon, the true enemy of the game.
Which is, spoilers, Aya's older sister, Maya.
So the game starts off at Carnegie Hall and I have to say the first time I saw this I was like, the shit is happening.
So Aya is an NYPD rookie. You go to Carnegie Hall with a blind date for Christmas Eve 1997.
And during the opera everyone spontaneously combusts, except for Aya, her date and an actress on stage named Melissa Pierce.
And Aya goes to confront her and Melissa talks about Aya's mitochondria because mitochondria comes up in this game because people don't know how mitochondria work in the real world.
And then she turns into a critter, runs into the sewers, and now calls herself Eve.
That's the start of the game. If you went into the rest of it, you can play it yourself.
But it is based off of the novel that was released in 1995.
And it is considered a sequel to the book.
In fact, it even references events in the book that refer back to Anzai Mariko, who was the main woman in the book that Eve had chosen to become her host in the novel, being Aya's mother.
So yeah, that's why I want to go back and read the book because I didn't at the time and I have some love of the genre.
Aya was created by Sakaguchi Hironobu, but designed by Nomura Tetsuya. We all know Nomura.
And she was originally designed by someone else, but the sketches didn't make Sakaguchi happy and he wanted someone with long hair that was a lot more like Aerith.
And so Nomura had done some drawings and was working on another character sketch and got them mixed up. So it gave her, you know, shorter hair.
The original concept was her to be strong, sexy, and be witching. And she was named for Sakaguchi's daughter, Aya.
But at any rate, due to the mix-up though, we liked the design and that's what stuck.
It was released on March 29th, 1998 in Japan for PlayStation.
It had full motion video ads and the game was, the same commercials were aired in the US prior to its release.
But there was a shipping issue with 200 copies of the game shipped to Best Buy a week before release.
It was the first game to be rated mature by the ESRB and the first released under Square Electronic Arts as a joint venture.
And it came out in North America September 9th, 1998.
Before the third birthday came out in 2010, Kitase Yoshinori and Nomura Tetsuya were talking about a re-release of Parasite Eve and Parasite Eve 2.
But it was held up due to rights because it was co-owned with Sena Hideaki, the author.
But it did get a re-release in Japan and North America on PlayStation Network.
And it was included in the Japanese lineup of PlayStation Classic.
So like I said, music was done by Shinomura Yoko, including the main theme called Primal Eyes.
And then there's a vocal song, Somnia Memorius, that was performed by Shani Rigsby.
The album being a combination of opera and electronica really, really took off.
I mean, she's an amazing composer regardless.
And of course, she went on to do Kingdom Hearts and music on Super Mario RPG.
But it's considered that Parasite Eve is her breakout piece.
And it was also the first of her projects that had vocal themes in it, had a vocal ending theme.
So she designed all of that too.
And the lyrics for all the vocal pieces were written by Shinomura.
And there was a track called I Hear a Voice Asking Me to Awaken.
It's actually an arrangement of a Bach piece.
I'm going to mispronounce this because I'm not very good with German.
But anyway, the soundtrack was released through DigiCube May 21st, 1998.
And it was reprinted through Square.
And basically, I mean, there's also a Parasite Eve remix 10-track album that had...
And some of these names might actually sound familiar, Rob.
There was remixes by Tomo Quadra, Dan Kay, Tribal Masters, Kei Nakayama, and Dummy Run.
And yeah, major awesome soundtrack.
The game was, like I said, very well received.
Its rating with Famitsu was 33 out of 40, which is pretty good.
Because Famitsu has a track record of being Hard as Balls.
Sorry, I'm losing my voice.
The game was compared to Resident Evil series, but that Parasite Eve has deeper gameplay and more hidden areas to discover.
But the combat was compared a bit more to Final Fantasy VII, where the dynamic camera made things a little bit hard to navigate.
However, the author of the book approved of the game and said that he was actually impressed with how well the game makers translated the novel.
It was nominated by the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences as a finalist for console game of the year.
Console action game of the year, and console role-playing game of the year during the second annual Interactive Achievement Awards.
It was ranked in 2016 by Hamitsu readers as one of the top 100 PlayStation games of all time.
Pretty high up.
And yeah, even to this day, it still gets positive reviews.
So, Parasite Eve was actually an inspiration for other items that came out in the Jehora phenomenon.
Including the books for The Ring, which is Ring, Spiral, and Loop.
And two video game sequels and a manga adaptation.
And it's based on the video game universe called Parasite Eve Diva.
And there you go. That's the game.
Parasite Eve. I'm gonna admit, this is one I kind of missed.
I think I played it briefly, like a friend of mine had it.
But I wasn't super into it for some reason.
And I think this is where I was at in my life at the time.
And Rob Roberts in 1998 was very different.
I didn't enjoy playing it. I enjoyed watching it.
Yeah, I think that's it. I wasn't a fan of the game mechanic side of things.
But again, how many games have I played where maybe I felt one way about it 25 years ago.
And I'll probably feel different about it now if I were to go back and play it again.
I did finish it. I don't remember much about it though, other than it being weird.
I wanted to play the third birthday though, because I heard that that was really awesome.
ZenMonkey11 in chat says, I remember the ads for this game. The good old days. Yeah.
Pelehanumeya says, wasn't there a Parasite Eve 2? Yeah, it's the third birthday.
I mentioned it. No, no, no. The third birthday was not Parasite Evil 2.
It was Parasite Evil 2 and then the third birthday.
Yes, sorry, because obviously it's three.
Questbuster in chat says, I know it's wishful thinking, but I hope they release all three games as part of a collection.
You never know. We did just have that story or that talk about how Square Enix was relatively pleased with the Final Fantasy pixel collection and how that went over.
And that could lead to more. Now, obviously, this isn't a pixel game. So maybe it's from the wrong.
But it's still I think it's showing Square Enix. There is big interest in the back catalog. Absolutely.
So, yeah, they'll just bring it back as an action game and then it'll be like Bayonetta.
OK, but where's the problem?
It's not the same.
You said one of my favorite games. I love Bayonetta.
So it was just, yeah, they got to do it right, obviously, if they if they were to modernize it or what have you.
All right. Great pick. Parasite Eve, classic game of the week.
I'm myself as well surprised not in the last 700 episodes that we talked about that game.
All right. Moving on to some rapid fire news, some other headlines from the gaming world. Loki.
Yep. This is kind of interesting.
It's a it's a little mod for Half-Life 2 that turns it into a Lego Half-Life 2 game.
It's silly. Show this to Alan. He loves Half-Life.
Yeah. Not everything is necessarily Lego in it.
It's kind of just taking the main like main playable characters in the game and switch them out for Lego characters.
But I mean, it looks pretty legit.
I mean, if they just did like all the background stuff as well as Lego, that could be really cool.
Maybe perhaps that could come later on. I mean, after all, it is it is a mod.
You could just redo all the assets for it.
But yeah, it it looks looks like a Lego game.
And if you have Half-Life, then, you know, it's pretty much for I think any actually.
Yeah, I think Half-Life 2 and you can download it for free. So check it out.
And then we had kind of a slip maybe or something that's not been officially announced yet,
but it's been confirmed on the I believe it was TikTok or Instagram.
No, TikTok. They had a trailer that they did for the boys.
For their integration with Call of Duty, which apparently is all sorts of broken.
But with that, someone said moral combat win and then the actual account for it's Vought International,
which is like the fictional company that basically runs all of the seven, which is the superhero group that's evil in the boys.
And they said, you know, confirmed basically, you know.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see.
Homelander for a playable character in Mortal Kombat would be pretty crazy.
I mean, it makes a lot of sense.
It absolutely makes a lot of sense.
Consider that we've been getting a lot more licensed characters in Mortal Kombat games lately.
It's yeah, makes sense.
I can see it in the perfect. Yeah.
All right.
All right, Dar Sakura.
You're muted on Discord. I see the little mute icon.
You know, I would see that if I was actually looking at it.
There are some updates for PlayStation Plus's game catalog for July.
Excuse me. We will see.
It takes two. The Ascent, Undertale, Twisted Metal one and two.
Circus Electric, Dynasty Warriors nine, Dismantle, Fast and Furious, Spy Racers, Rise of the Shifter, whatever.
Melty Blood, Type Lumina.
Just a bunch of others. And then, of course, a My Little Pony game, but there are still bronies in the universe.
Sniper Elite 5, World Wars Ed. So there you go.
Gravity Crash Portable is also on the list.
We've had more and more gaming companies throughout the industry that are unionizing.
And now the latest and greatest to join them is Sega of America.
That's right. Sega of America voted ninety one twenty six in favor of their unit.
The Allied Employees Guild Improving Sega or Aegis.
I think we've heard this on the show before, because I remember making a joke that that was an item in Ingress.
Well, it just means shield. Yeah. Nineteen ballots were challenged, but three of them were avoided.
But whatever. However, they got there, they are now officially organized for the Communications Workers of America.
The unit is more than 200 workers in different departments throughout Sega, brand marketing, games service, marketing services, localization, sales and quality assurance product development.
It's not the first games unit in North America, but it is the largest multi department union of organized workers in the entire gaming industry.
But ZeniMax Workers United was around 300 quality assurance workers. But of course, that is one department.
Still, however you slice it, however it breaks the record books, pretty cool to see. Certainly won't be the last. That's for sure.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out to a store near you starting in the U.S., Loki.
Yeah. This week we have Ember Nights on Nintendo Switch.
Lisa, the Definitive Edition on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Maquette on Xbox One and Xbox Series. Cross Tails on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Kill Squad on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Might and Magic Clash of Heroes Definitive Edition on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Nobunaga's Ambition Awakening on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Oaken on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Punch Club 2 Fast Forward on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
The Spirit and the Mouse on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
With Spike Survivor's Story of the Necromancer on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Ninja Savior's Return of the Warriors on PC.
I completely forgot that this is coming out, but finally it can stop seeing the stupid Nintendo...
Well, I say that, but then they're going to show it for DLC and stuff.
Pikmin 4 on Nintendo Switch this week.
And then finally, Stephanie on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
We'll never be rid of Pikmin 4.
Pikmin, aren't they good in barbecue?
Rob, you're muted.
Sorry about that. Gosh, it's a plague that's spreading, isn't it?
So anyway, Pikmin is also available in Japan this week.
If we want to start off with that, Pikmin 4.
Some other games that are coming out on the Switch this week.
We have Cross Tales coming out on the Switch.
Zero Fire, Toaplan Arcade Garage is out this week.
Nice.
Toaplan Shooters.
No, I know, but I was like, oh, it's Zero Wing and Hellfire.
It's that long awaited Zero Wing re-release that's coming out.
Nobunaga Ambition Rebirth with a power-up kit in a regular and a limited edition is out this week in Japan as well.
Moto, not that, that gets into something else.
How about an amiibo for Pyra and Mythra is coming out for Super Smash Brothers amiibo this week in Japan as well.
Taking a look at the PlayStation 5 to look at releases there.
Evil West is out as well as Cross Tales in Japan this week.
Both of those on the 20th.
Dark Sakura, we'll go to you.
On the 18th, we have Cuphead and Super Smash Bros.
On the 18th, we have Cuphead Limited Edition for PlayStation and Switch.
Also on the 18th, T'Chaya Oleiti Edition.
That's on PlayStation.
On the 20th, for looks like PC, we have Sims 4, a Horseranch expansion.
Yay.
On the 21st, for Switch, Pikmin 4.
And that's it.
All right.
We still have some more news coming at you, including more really cool retro releases.
In fact, there's quite a few of these here, right, Loki?
Yes, there's a lot.
So I'm going to try to go over them pretty quick, but they had the Limited Run Games 3 2023.
Their Limited Run Saves E3 Summer Games Showcase.
It's a very long title.
But they were basically talking about a bunch of different titles coming out.
They made it look like a retro E3, which I thought was kind of funny.
So the games announced and I'm going to try to be really quick with this.
The Castlevania Advanced Collection.
So it's all the Game Boy Advance and I think DS games as well.
And there's like four titles in there.
So that's coming out here actually at the end of the month.
Rise of the Triad Ludicrous Edition is getting a physical release.
Komaju Remilia Scarlet Symphony.
Tiger Heli.
And we had Kara Tekka.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles soundtracks.
The games are actually, the soundtracks are coming out in vinyl.
And I think even like a cassette tape, which is kind of weird.
Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Complete Edition.
El Shaddai Essentials of the Metatron was coming to the consoles.
I think actually that's to the Switch.
And then Dungeons of Aether.
We have the Shantae Adverse Risky Revolution or Advanced Risky Revolution.
And that's coming out of the consoles as well.
Some of the more stranger things that are coming out,
that they kind of finished up with.
The Gex Trilogy is coming to the consoles.
Some of these actually, these last four.
So the Gex Trilogy, Tomba, the Jurassic Park Elastic Games Collection.
I'm sorry, people are really excited about Tomba.
That is like out of nowhere, honestly.
That's great.
Yeah, so that one and Clock Tower.
Those are all coming thanks to the Carbon Engine,
which Modern Vintage Gaming has actually been working to develop.
So it's like some engine that's going to allow them to port games a little bit easier.
So it's kind of neat.
The original Clock Tower has been on my list for Super Famicom.
Yeah, it's really cool.
They've got a lot of things.
Disney's Gargoyles Remastered.
That's out of nowhere.
That's kind of strange.
We have Plumbers Don't Wear Ties Definitive Edition.
That's pretty funny.
Midnight Fright Express.
Colossal Cave.
Another Crusade.
Rose and Camelia Collection.
Double Shake.
Chicory.
Odinkat's Paradise Collection.
Arzette the Jeweled Faramore, I guess.
And This Way Madness Lies.
So lots of obscure games and older games being brought back and remastered.
There's even, I think, Clock Tower is one.
I think that they have actually new games coming from that as well
and being worked on by, oh, gosh, I can't remember the name now, the studio.
It was WayForward is doing a new Clock Tower game.
So pretty awesome.
It's going to be scary.
Those games are pretty intense from what I remember.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, some folks in chat are talking about if that Castlevania collection already had a physical release.
I thought it was digital only.
I didn't realize it had a physical release before.
I thought they only offered that on the digital front.
I know it's been out, but I didn't know it was a physical release.
But again, I don't go shopping very often for games physically.
I bought Final Fantasy XVI physical to have it, and I just walked into Best Buy.
But now it's the thing where I order it online, I walk into Best Buy, hand me my product, please.
They hand me my product and I leave.
I don't really go shopping for what else is there.
So I could have missed it.
All right.
It's funny seeing Gex trilogy as the one more thing that they have.
I just I thought that was funny.
It's pretty funny.
All right.
Well, maybe this is another game that they should re-release at some point.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, good Lord.
So Daytona USA 2001.
OK, actually, not not really a bad a bad version of Daytona USA.
In the US, it came out just as Daytona USA on Dreamcast.
But now the online multiplayer has been reinstated because of Dreamcast Live.
You would have to go to Dreamcast Live's connection page for instructions on how to get your Dreamcast online.
It makes me wonder if they have Phantasy Star working now.
That had to have been the highest priority.
Yeah, but at any rate, the game is coded with the modem adapter.
Yeah, Phantasy Star Online is one of the supported ones, by the way.
Cool.
But you would basically need to use to run the game with Dream Pi.
You have to update your software and it will not work with the official broadband adapter.
So there you go.
So you have to how are you going to use a modem to do it?
Probably a virtual.
There's probably still dial up Internet services.
I mean, there are not in this.
I mean, there's a few places in this country.
But yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, if there's still a blockbuster somewhere in America, that's somebody who's using dial up.
I mean, if if NASA is still using tech from the 60s, then yes.
If Comcast is still trying to sell you landline, you know.
Right.
All right.
Well, I had to explain to someone what a landline is.
All right.
Well, moving on, Loki, what else are they going to try to sell us?
They're going to try to sell us a handheld evercade.
We'll lease a smaller handheld evercade because they already have a handheld evercade.
But the Super Pocket, it's a brand new edition that they're putting out.
They're going to have a couple of different ones available to have some packing games with them.
And you can get that in either a Capcom flavor or a Taito flavor.
So Capcom's coming with 1942, 1943, 1944.
Bionic Commando, Captain Commando, Final Fight, Forgotten Worlds, Ghouls and Ghosts, Mega Man, Street Fighter II, Hyper Fighting, Strider and Wolf of the Battlefield, Mercs.
And then the Taito edition, Bubble Bobble, Kadesh, Jack and Pop, Don, Doko Don, Elevator Action, Football Champ, Growl,
Kiki Kaikai, Legend of Kage, Liquid Kids, Operation Wolf.
Kiki Kaikai is Puck and Rocky.
Cool.
Rastan, Space Invaders, Space Invaders 91, Fairyland Story, New Zealand Story, and Vulfide.
And those are each going to be available for $59 or 49 pounds.
And yeah, they've got, look like a Game Boy kind of the setup for those.
Plus, because they are Evercades, they also have a cartridge slot that you can plug in those Evercade cartridges.
So, neato.
Also, unrelated, sort of related, I was browsing the Evercade website because I wanted to check out the stuff.
And I found the link where you can submit possible games to be included in the cartridges.
Oh.
So, I will have to send them an email and see if they want to put a game about crap on their console.
Do it.
Tell them also to actively seek out Planet Harriers, the end.
And the Guardian Legend.
PS, yeah.
PS.
The Guardian Legend didn't have an arcade version.
But there's Nintendo games and stuff.
Yeah, they're looking for NES, like, homebrew games or console homebrew games and stuff like that.
For the record, I think you can still get Gartic, the MSX version for iOS.
Oh, that's cool.
Love that.
Yeah, it's not as much fun because, you know, the MSX's big drawback was scrolling.
It didn't like it.
So, Loki reminded me when he was going through the list of the Capcom and stuff collections there for Evercade.
He reminded me of my gaming week, something I played.
And it's very, I can't believe I forgot to mention this because I thought of Dark Sakura when I did this.
So, here's what it is.
So, I was at one of our, I was at the local gay bar on Friday and it happened to be gamer night.
So, G-A-Y-M-E-R.
And this is, I'll say it was the Bolt.
So, you know, it's a...
Oh, yeah, my friend runs that.
Oh.
One of my former coworkers.
Oh, I didn't know it was like...
I think he still does.
I didn't know it was like run by, okay, well, that's cool.
Well, but my point is they have these different games throughout.
So, usually the televisions that are playing adult movies are instead changed to play video games on gamer night.
So, like Mario Karts on one TV, Smash Brothers on one TV.
I don't really like to play those because I, you know, whatever.
But they have a corner.
The other corner is the retro corner where they have an NES, excuse me, a Super Nintendo Classic and a Genesis Classic set up.
So, I was playing against my friend a little bit in Street Fighter.
But then I went over to the Genesis and I was like, oh, I want to play Sonic Spinball.
But then I was like, no, I want to play at the gay bar, Strider on the Genesis.
Yes.
It's just like the best home version of the game.
And I said Dark Sakura would be so proud of me right now.
I'm three vodka diets in, playing Strider on the Genesis at a gay bar.
Thank you very much.
And hey, at least it's not the Japanese version.
And the NES version is not a real Strider game.
Well, technically.
It is after the Strider manga.
So, it has nothing to, peripherally, only something to do with the real game.
But the actual mainline Strider series.
Yeah, yeah.
It's an AU.
It's a fanfic.
You have to remember Dark Sakura.
For those of us that didn't grow up with the Sega in our house, we only had a Nintendo.
That was Strider to us.
If you didn't grow up with the Sega in her house.
Fine.
But Nintendo Power didn't cover the Genesis version.
We had Nintendo and Super Nintendo.
And I would switch out for a TurboGrafx every so often.
And I had friends with Genesis, though, so I got to play everything.
All right.
But you know that's Dan's favorite game.
Oh, no, I know.
You always tell the story about when you first got together.
He sat you down and said, you're going to beat this game.
Yeah, that and Castlevania Symphony of the Night is a requirement.
I'm just glad he didn't make me sit down and do ghosts and goblins.
angels and ghosts, whichever one.
I know we're talking a lot about a lot about retro games tonight.
And of course, as the last story tonight, I have something else that has to do with retro for you.
And here we go, everyone.
You ready to feel old?
The Famicom, which, of course, led to the Nintendo Entertainment System, but it was called in Japan when it first came out.
The Famicom is turning 40 years old this month because it was released this month in 1983 in Japan, which, yes, it was a family computer.
We love you.
Which, yes, was the same year that we had the game industry crash going on here in the US.
But we know that the NES ended up coming out a little bit later, and it did pretty well over here.
It is interesting, though, you know, I think a lot of people kind of don't realize how different the NES and the Famicom kind of like actually were.
Like, yes, they ran, you know, essentially the same games like, you know, with the Famicom disk system did all these different things and had the extra sound chip,
which is why Metroid sounds different and a lot of games, you know, and why there was a save and load screen.
They had to do the battery pack in the US because we didn't do the disc reader here.
But anyways, of course, we all know the Famicom is what led to all of that, and it is turning 40 years old this week.
I was looking around and a website that I enjoy reading news on and Gadget was doing a little retrospective about different things that Nintendo gave us to the world through the Famicom.
And they listed the D pad was something new. Better third party games, which of course, that makes sense because that was a big part of like why the industry crashed the first time anyway is because anyone and everyone was making Atari games.
And there was a lot of shovelware fucking garbage on the Atari system towards the end of its run.
And Nintendo infamously clamped down so that you could only make so many games in a year if you were a publisher, you were limited to three games in a year, which is why we got ended up getting things like ultra games, which was just Konami under a different name in a different country.
So some infamous rules there. And then of course, people ended up just bypassing the Nintendo seal of approval altogether. Ironically, one of them being Atari.
But anyway, console game saves was something new. The video game mascot meaning Mario being a huge mascot for the industry. That was kind of new. They also mentioned the video game movie adaptation. I'm not sure. I mean, yes, the NES did bring us to that. I don't know if I necessarily agree with that one on the list, but
I would have put the wizard on there versus Mario. Yes, yes. But I do agree with the light gun being on the list because how iconic was that when it first came out and duck hunt and, you know, putting the putting the thing right against the TV so you can get all the ducks. I can't believe people didn't know.
But I knew this when I was a kid. I can't believe people didn't find out until recently that this whole time, the second controller will control the duck. My friends and I used to play it that way all the time. We found out an accident, but we found it. And we were like, Oh, the second person can be the duck. That's fun. And that's how we used to play duck hunt. I mean, let me also tell you this when you put when you have the tea when you have the gun right up against the screen. Controlling the duck doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't ducking matter.
Anyway, and they also call out the mega franchise, which I would agree with that, you know, things like Mario Brothers, Zelda, Castlevania, you know, all these games have had multiple, you know, iterations and you know, were really born on the Nintendo Entertainment System in a way that Atari 2600 in television, you know, the the ones that came before it didn't really birth franchises in the same way. So very interesting.
There to see in chat says that was in the manual, at least from what I've seen of the screenshots of the manual, which just goes to show you how many people neglected to read those damn things. Because that article that clickbaity article that was going around everywhere a couple years ago about that I got duck hunt in the garage sale, so they didn't have a manual or you rented it. I thought like like 99% of Nintendo owners had a combo cartridge of Mario Brothers and duck hunt like that was the definitive. What was it the adventure pack or so it was like the definitive
way to pick up a Nintendo action action. That was it.
Now my combo pack was breakthrough The Legend of Zelda and bubble bubble.
Weird. Okay. I do remember but if you got it like a year or two later, you might have gotten the power pack. That was Super Mario Duck hunt track me.
And I don't know my parents bought it. And then I don't know where they got it. But as like, it's like at seven, I think. So it was a while. There was a I would say the rarest one that I can think of is if you bought the one that had the robot, you didn't even get Mario Brothers. You had a gyro might was the right to show off the robot. That's, that's why they had Super Mario.
Brothers sold independently and why it's such a rare fucking cartridge. So many people didn't need to get it because the action pack ended up being the big thing that was selling here. So it's kind of funny. Anyway, this is the part of the show where we open it up to our listeners, either through our discord server over at vog network.com slash discord, that's vognetwork.com slash discord. Or, of course, we invite your email.
Let me ask dark soccer if there are any emails.
That's a funny rub. That is hilarious.
I tried the last time I assumed we didn't have one. You were like, Oh, no, there's two I was like, what? Alright, so participate at orange on radio.com.
Someone send me an email. Just say hi. Send me something interesting. Let us know what your life is like. Yeah, actually. Can I can I ugly bag for a minute. If you've been listening to this show, and you've never emailed the show before, and you've never been here on a Sunday night. I've really never been here.
Yeah, actually, can I can I ugly bag for a minute. If you've been listening to this show, and you've never emailed the show before, and you've never been here on a Sunday night. I'd really love to hear from you. And don't be shy. Like I'm a person, you're a person. I just want to know there's some other people out there that maybe we haven't heard from before. Tell, tell me your favorite video game and why it's your favorite video game and there's no wrong answers. Dark soccer, there's no wrong answers. I don't care if they say sneak king.
There's no wrong answers.
Okay. Alright, yeah, email us. I just want to I just want to cordially invite those that have never emailed us before to try it out to if you've never used email before, go to gmail.com and sign up for an account. It's really easy or there's other play outlook or Yahoo if you want if you're still in the 90s. You can do all those different sites. Now folks in chat talking about
Rob the robot. Yes, yes, I'm familiar with the name. I break man says the robot was one of the dumbest gaming gimmicks ever made. It wasn't very good, but it was pretty cool. Like my friend had it and I remember thinking because it actually it's spun little things that then would automatically hold like buttons down. And for gyro might it was gates, right? Like you had the little tops that would spin, and you'd put them down and they would they would basically allow the red
gates to the blue gates to open like it was it was. It was neat, but it was never going to go anywhere besides two games. You know, it was. So it's a it's a little piece of gaming history. And then now people in chat talking about the U force. The U force is just that's just a sign of how well Mike Tyson's punch out was received, basically. Because that thing was terrible. Anyway,
oh, yeah, it was bad.
We have a caller waiting in the green room and I'd love to talk to this person. So let's bring them on the air. Hello, orange lounge radio. Who am I talking to?
Oh, my gosh, is this? No, it's is this the Jim Sally train? I haven't I haven't seen Sally. Yeah, I haven't heard this. Oh, my God.
This is little Daniel. We were just watching your show hoping to get some news about Bloons TD6.
Oh, tell me about this. You've been talking about this because this is something that just came out and like, you were saying it was just out in Canada recently?
It just came out for free was on Netflix in Canada and the Bloons TD action is blowing up.
No.
So are you are you are you a big tower defense person before Bloons? Or is this like Bloons been your gateway into tower defense games?
Yeah, pretty much.
Jim Sally, is this is this your child that's also on the line?
This is Daniel Sally.
Oh, my gosh.
I mean, I yeah, I don't want to be that guy. But I remember when I remember when you were born, Daniel.
Yeah, Rob was right there.
Was not right there. But yeah, I yeah, that's funny. What? Daniel, what do you like about Bloons?
I don't know. It's funny.
It is fun.
Fides that we've been doing.
A lot of weird little secrets.
That was a whoopee cushion ever whoopee cushion.
I would I would expect the Jim Sally's house. There's a whoopee cushion. Yes.
There's a few.
Anyway, we're gonna let you go.
Thanks for the entertainment tonight.
It is so good to hear from you both and happy gaming and here's hoping a Bloons TD seven is out soon.
How are you guys?
Take care, guys. We'll be there.
Bye, Jim Sally. Bye, Dan Sally.
Bye.
That was adorable. It's how many years I'd like the last time Jim Sally called into this program was, I think he's done it on Discord once. But I remember like when Skype went away, he was somebody that used to call in a lot on Skype. And obviously we had to get rid of that because Skype, I think I know some of you miss it dearly. But even Skype is like aging as it like it's getting folded into teens and all this stuff. At least the business version is but Skype had a lot of technical problems that made it difficult
to incorporate into the show. And obviously Discord makes it very easy in this day and age. So we moved it over there. But yeah, I feel like it's been forever since we've heard Jim Sally. What a pleasant surprise. And then of course, now everybody in chat. Break Man is saying I must be high, really, really high. Matt says, I'm aging so fast that I'm dying. Jim Sally's kid is calling in.
How old is Julian now though?
Oh, Julian is a teenager easily.
Yeah, no, he's a think turning 15. I have to ask Becky for sure. We need to get Julian back on some point.
No bigger. Yeah. And Julian, by the but the next time we have Julian on this show, Julian's voice probably more like this now that he's
crackly.
Gonna be the wild part.
Last time I talked to him now. And he would come over and play the Dungeons and Dragons on Saturn.
What in the staria?
That's awesome. Yeah.
It's just all the like, kiddos like, and even some of our, you know, contemporaries now I should say our peers. How old were they when we met them?
Oh, well, I was
and now they're, you know,
when I first met Shane, who's now like one of my closest friends, but you know, we met, you know, with LiveJournal was really where it started. And then you know, OLR because he was a big Bamani fan as well. Um, I first met Shane when he was 19.
What about Drew?
Oh, God. Was Drew wasn't Drew like 17 when he was first going to golf? Yeah. My goodness. Yeah. But I was gonna say Shane just, Shane just turned 40. I've noticed that he was 19. Yeah, it's a long time.
Whoo.
Make me cold here.
I know.
Oh my God, what am I gonna do when I turn 50?
Same thing we always do plan to take over the world.
Stretch, kick and stretch because you're 50.
Because I'm 50 years old.
No.
Ask Travis Donovan.
If I keep up, maybe I'll be on point when I am 50. Wouldn't that be rad? And not looking any different to skincare?
I'm still hoping I mean, I may have like the fully gray beard at this point. I blame the pandemic for that. But I
It's just for men, Rad.
I don't you know, I'm not big on paying for that stuff. Because I think an industry that makes its money off people's insecurities, but it's
Oh, I think you can do like purple.
Oh, you want me to do like a crazy like a drag king beard? You may have like a drag king beard? Like a purple glitter beard? Okay.
Well, it doesn't have to be glitter. Glitter gets everywhere. But I was just telling my friend Shiley, you know, if Helen Mirren could dye her hair pastel pink and wear it to the award shows, we can do whatever the fuck we want to with our hair.
No, for sure. I love I love Helen Mirren. No, I any anytime you feel like just because you're old, you can't have fun anymore. You just have to look at people like Judi Dench. Like what would Judi Dench do? What would Patrick Stewart do? What would Ian McKellen do?
It's gonna be okay. All right.
I'm just I'm just gonna try to embrace my drunk auntie of Twitch persona. Yeah, that's me. I'm everyone's auntie.
Um, can I tell a really funny story? Actually, since we're running, we're running a little short and I do we have any last minute stories? Loki, let's get to that. And then we'll get to the okay.
All I got to do is wipe my makeup off before my stream because I'm vtubing.
Okay, I'm gonna tell a really funny story already. So we had a bumper tonight. So you know, before we have Orange Launch Radio, there's always like a little you can't do that on television bumper that plays before the show, right? There's a like, little parody type of thing. It's like Dragon Con TV and all that stuff, too. So tonight's the joke was about the FTC finally learning how to play video games,
because the long running joke is that they're old and out of touch. So I wanted to use clip art of like grandma and grandpa playing a Wii at the senior center as the clip art for that. And I found something kind of close. But when I was first searching for clip art of the right resolution, because that's be a good enough resolution, or it looks like a potato when it's coming out on the feed. When I was first looking, I was like, Okay, I'm not really getting the clip art I want. What if I Google search for? I'm even going to do this live on air. Hold on, hold on.
I know what this is.
What if I Google search? Okay, how do I do the other screen here? I'm new at that. Okay, what if I Google search old people playing Atari, and I go to the image search and I go okay, old people playing Atari, and I look at the images that come up for old people playing Atari. If you look at the results for old people playing Atari, and you scroll down just a little bit, I just want to point out one of the pictures that comes
up. It's Mel B of DDR freak fame.
Wait, who's that next to?
That's, that's Kath. Have you met Kath before? She's another friend. She's another friend of mine. Yeah, but I think if she's ever been on the show, it's only been one time. So listeners probably don't know her as well. But I know some of our old school listeners know Mel B. And so you know what I had to do, right? I immediately
immediately texted his wife.
I'm gonna do that like you suggested. It's just a message. Melody when I'm at work, and go, old people playing Atari.
The two of us have not been able to stop laughing all day. I'm gonna text her right now. Old people playing Atari.
I'm gonna text her right now. Melody. There she is.
Just did. Let's see if I get a reply.
Like if I could only, like, I shouldn't be reading private messages on the show. But you know what, if you are friends with me, then that's something that might happen once in a while.
So what so I texted it to Miss Mel. And her reply was, I'm scream laughing at a gas station in the middle of nowhere. And then I put I'm crying. And then she texts back like 15 minutes later. I'm driving north on the set with Siri. So she's dictating as she's driving. She says, I'm driving north on the five and I thought back to the image search and I got the giggles all over again. And I start laughing. So now I'm just like, that's, I'm going to just Google.
Text her out of nowhere. Old people playing Atari.
I'm in internaling plotting.
It's, it's great. It's I want a t shirt that says old people playing Atari. Can we make that vog merchandise? Yeah, I'd love that.
I can make that happen.
Because here's the other funny thing. That picture could have very easily actually, I want to say, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Old people. Well, I, I don't want to do it, Darsire, because it's an old picture. If you click on the picture, and you look at associated images, I'm almost positive I saw you posing with some other people because it was Atari party. So it's looking for related images from Atari party. And that that's where his picture.
Yeah, it's because the article was like, Atari party draws young and old to oh, yeah, no retro game. It's it. Like when you if you critically think about how that image came up in the Google search, it makes sense. It's just really fucking funny.
Yeah.
Because that could have just as easily been any of us in that picture.
You want to know how the first way I ever heard of Mel, by the way, was on the DDR internet ranking. Back in the day, my God, that's right. His name up in his location was, I'll say it, Milpena's cock land.
Because that's what they used to call MGL Milpena's golf land. Yeah, that's what they used to call it.
Well, I mean,
you heard what I said?
No, I definitely heard what you said. But yeah, it's it's a loving nickname. All right, well, on that note on that Nick node, you know,
okay, and don't look at those pictures with me there before my surgery.
Slowly, we are all turning into old people playing Atari. Old people playing Atari is I refuse. I refuse. You're like, no, no, old people playing Coleco for life.
I'm vintage and kitschy. Okay. I can say I'm vintage. That's right. Fine wine, not sour grapes.
All right, let's get everybody's final thought. And then we're gonna wrap up Dark Soccer. I'll start with you. I know you're gonna presto change and do your own stream. But Dark Soccer, do you have any final thoughts for us tonight?
Um, I'm gonna have a Shay with me tonight. And we all know that Shay is chaos. We love chaos. So come join us in the fog and judge my new vtuber era.
Well fixie be there.
I'm on camera for you guys. But I'm gonna be vtubing so I can take off this makeup.
Is fixie gonna be there too? Are they joining?
I didn't see fixie online, but I'll actually I'll give them a poke.
I'm just curious if it's all you know, the squad, the bully squad, not really bully squad, the, you know,
well, Gwen hasn't been playing for a while. Apparently not really having the will to play. But I know Gwen's also going through a really hard time.
Well, hoping hoping all is improving. So
Yeah, um, and also, I just want to make a mention. I'm not gonna gonna name names, but it was the first person who interviewed me at my job.
And a manager friend. I've been on his team for a while, but he, he died very recently, left behind an infant and his wife. I'm going in August to their memorial.
But I just want to say that for anyone who knows me and probably knows who I'm talking about, you will be missed. You were one of us. And may your memory be a blessing.
All right. Any other
happy notes to end on?
Um, Dan made really good teriyaki chicken. But because it was 106 outside the chicken cooked weird. So it's got this myard browning on it to the extreme.
But it's really delicious and very nutritious. And I also have lost half an inch on my thigh from doing ballet.
Nice. All right. Food and
It's not why I'm doing it, but it's happened.
All right. Take care, have a good stream.
Good news, right? Positive news.
All right. Let's go over to Well, actually, before we wrap up, wrap up, let me also say thank you as always for listening to Orange Lawn Radio and supporting us. We are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need more voices to put out here on air. So tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word. A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, or wherever you found this show all goes an awful long way as well. So we really appreciate those of you that go the
extra mile and get your friends here to participate as well. We will be back next week for episode 969. Yes, very nice number back and forth. So we'll, we'll be here with that episode. And then we'll have a break. Because again, I'm going out to Southern fried gaming Expo in two weeks. And then yes, going back to Atlanta. I'm racking up those airline miles, except I'm flying once on one airline and flying again on another airline because I'm going to Dragon
Con. The second time I'm going it's me and Alan. Both going to Dragon Con this year, Alan's first Dragon Con. And I even asked him the other day I said, So what do you hope to do at Dragon Con? He's like, Oh, no, let's roll with it. Like, okay. All right. Uh, we'll be back next week, though. So I hope you'll be here as well. Uh, final thoughts, Loki.
I'm just gonna keep being busy with video editing. Yeah, a lot to do for the last three episodes of the season.
My final thought is I have major side quest cleanup and Final Fantasy 16 still that I want to get to. That is very important, but also very excited Diablo four season one. Looking forward to that starting on Thursday. So I'll be streaming that over on my personal stream at Rob Roberts here on Twitch. I don't know if I'll, I don't know what I'm going to play to fill in the gap. In the meantime, I have a couple days where I have nothing, but I have theater them DLC, I can do that. I'll probably do theater the one day, but then I'm not sure I wanted to do like Alan Wake remastered.
But I don't think I have enough time before the Diablo season. So that'll probably be a game I play after a few streams of Diablo four season one. Unfortunately, I missed the no man's sky expedition. I did the one stream on my birthday and I cleared the first set of challenges. But unfortunately, that expedition ended on July 12. And I never was able to play it again because I was too busy playing Final Fantasy 16. But there are worst ways to be lost in space. So on that note, thank you everybody for listening to Orange
Lounge Radio. We will see you again in seven days. Have a wonderful night. Thank you and goodbye.
This is not the news of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
