The action in play-to-earn games is boring. What's the point if the games are no fun?
I agree with this entirely for myself, but fun means different things to different people.
Like the recent news about how over 1 million players play exclusively Call of Duty releases.
But we agree that interactive blockchain grinds are dying before they're even out of the gate.
This is the ultra-narrow opening headline intro. Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts,
Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you the source of this quote and the rest of the
week's gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again with episode number 967
of our program for tonight, July 9th, 2023. My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined live
on this lovely Sunday evening as I am quite often over the last 21 years with my co-hosts.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. I'm on a recruitment drive.
On a recruitment drive. Are you recruiting for your cult that involves lambs?
No, for one more follow-up. Oh, yes, of course. Here at the VOG.
One more person. That's right. It would be a lovely
hurdle to cross to get 500 followers here. Well, I guess it's a good opportunity for me to plug
that we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific
at the Voice of Geeks network at twitch.tv, VOG network on Twitch. And if you'd follow,
we would super appreciate that. We are on right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, typically,
but unfortunately Bobby was not on tonight again. He wasn't on last week as he was
doing other things. But tonight, unfortunately, he's under the weather. He might be lurking in
chat, but yeah, feel better soon, Bobby. Sorry to hear that. That's always the most terrible way to
end a trip is to get sick. He said it's not the big one, but you know, everything else is floating
around out there these days. I mean, I say this as somebody who had strep for a month, basically,
and just got over that. So it's always something. Well, it's always Techmaster Loki.
Oh, yeah, right. Well, hey, Loki, how are you? Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, good deal. I noticed
in your background tonight, you still have et going in. I haven't I haven't updated the video
yet. That's fine. That's it. It'll be a new video. It reminds me I need to try that game already.
It's very fun. I played it. I played it a little bit this week. Yeah. Yeah. It's just an itch.io
thing, right? It's not like Yeah, it's completely free. It's a unity game. So you can actually
download it or stream it from itch.io. And it's, you know, it's fun. It's a good time waster.
Yeah, yeah. No, I the vampire survivors and all the clones are a lot of fun. Like there was one
called like Soulstone survivors I played there was there was another there's there's several of them
out there now. It's like a whole new genre of games. Most of them are pretty fun. I mean,
as with many genres, there are always cheap knockoffs as well. But that that is pretty good,
for what it's worth. So did you change it? Just Yes, you change. I told you I was changing it.
Fine. So what are we looking at now? Gravity Circuit. It's a game coming out,
I think this week, actually. What's is this? Like, I'm getting Megaman vibes just off the
splash. Yeah, it's a little bit it's kind of got that Megaman vibe to it. It's not exactly
like Megaman. It's like a brawler. But it's also a little bit Megaman a little bit like
metal slug. I don't know. It's pretty cool looking, though. I was gonna say Megaman did
have those the power battle arcade games that I feel like were relatively rare, but then they
would show up on these collections. It's Yeah, it's more like I would say, I guess maybe like
Shovel Knight a little bit, you know, whereas they don't. The main character doesn't have
like a projectile. It's more of just brawling the enemies. But it's still,
you know, a little bit of Ninja Gaiden in there as well. Okay. Yeah, it looks cool.
All right. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's definitely giving me more like Ninja Gaiden vibes than
Megaman. But yes, it's very fast. Ninja Gaiden's play style with Megaman's graphics.
It's sort of Yeah, sort of. All right. We've got some video game news to cover as we often do here
on the program. And then of course, the things you all have to say over on our Twitch chat channel.
Again, twitch.tv slash vog network as we are live on Sunday nights, dark to see us starting us off
with a follow up to something I was just saying, saying I'm surprised the power battle stuff hasn't
been re released recently. With all the Megaman love the digital clips is giving from them is
giving them lately. Well, it's I thought it was part of one of them. I thought it
didn't come out recently, too. But I was in one of the collections recently to me could be like
10 years ago, to be quite honest. I but I do think I feel like they were in one of those Megaman
collections that came out not long ago. I'm pretty sure they were break man says Capcom collection
too. It's Yeah, I was gonna say I knew it was in one of them because they even I think they did
the soccer game as well. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah, there was like a whole like Megaman collection
thing that had come out relatively recently. I always forget about the arcade stadium
collection too. And you know, Capcom does a really good job I think of embracing a lot of their retro
library. Well, we just talked about like not even two weeks ago on the show they were they launched
like an anniversary website and you could actually play just right in your browser. The original
Megaman or you could load up the Rockman Japanese ROM, you can see how much different Rockman two is
difficulty wise for what we got as Megaman two, you know, things like that. It's all
on the web, you can just fire it up. So pretty cool. So all right. But let's talk about what's
going on in gaming a little less Capcom to start us off and a little more Sega, but maybe maybe of
a classic era Loki. Yeah, it's not necessarily so when you hear like, you know, leaks coming from
a company, you may think, Oh, my goodness, you know, what, what can we find out? Well, not much, because
this happened. These are documents from the 90s. So like, it's, it's been a while. So there were some
documents that were leaked out from Sega. These included everything from like, financial statements
to emails, you know, from internally within Sega, some stuff talking about the Sega Saturn versus
Sony PlayStation, that type of stuff. Nothing really like super interesting. I mean, aside outside
of like, kind of fascination, there's nothing really like, oh, there was there was a game we
didn't know about or something like that. Well, wasn't there like a vector man three or something
I think was Yeah, they talked about that a while back. But like, I don't know if that was actually
ever that ever came out. Nothing like substantial. Like it's not like we're getting an entire ROM of
an unreleased. You know, it's it's no it's like marketing strategy. Maybe for different things.
pitches. Yeah. Yeah. So that's all on Sega Sega retro. If you want to check out some of the stuff
that's in there. Yeah, it's just, I don't know. It's a downloadable PDF. Yeah, it looks interesting.
I mean, but a lot of it is just like marketing stuff. Like, for example, they have one right
here. April 1 1996. The subject is the Saturn airport storyboard. And then they have like,
a few concerns. And it's just like talking about things that they want to change on the marketing.
I think it's it's this is one of those things. Like if you're a retro enthusiast,
enthusiast, enthusiast, it's a very unique kind of peek behind the curtain. And I know,
you know, we talk about leaks and stuff, it's always a little bit of a slippery slope, because
some of this stuff is, you know, a little bit shady, sometimes in the way it's obtained.
This is, you know, 30 to 25 30 year old stuff, you know, coming from a company that isn't actively
making any of these products anymore. I mean, yes, they're still in gaming, but they're not in
hardware. So I think it this is more for, you know, archivists. And, you know, folks that are
really enthusiastic about retro gaming. I mean, I believe there was some books being written not that
long ago about the Nintendo versus Sega wars. And I want to say they had option a movie or
something like I want to say that's why that that topic had come up not that long ago is that they
were looking at doing like a movie or something. So if you are kind of like fascinated by that era,
I think this is something that's like, oh, this is really neat, because it's a really
interesting peek behind the curtain as to you know, where might things have gone wrong for
Sega? I mean, I'm sure everybody's kind of formed some opinions, but, you know, kind of gives a
little more substance substance to that about like, okay, what what worse of the decision
being made? Where were some of the hang ups? So it's, it's interesting. But I think that's about
as far as it goes. It's interesting. It read it slash mildly interesting. Is that for me?
Kind of Yeah, it's it's interesting. There's a lot of just reports in here. A lot of mainframe
reports, which I mean, that's your thing. There you go.
Mainframe reports. Golly, there's this guy, Rob Roberts, who calls in on his Dreamcast all the
time playing Phantasy Star Online. Wow, that's loading up the mainframe. It's kind of cool. They
got like, they have storyboards for commercials on here as well. So that's kind of fun. And,
you know, the commercials of that era were really unique, right? We all remember, like,
Sega does what Nintendon't. And it was this very, like, it's so cringe to go back now and look at
how can we attract 90s youth? How can we attract Gen X with these, you know, advertisements?
And even with that, like one of the notations that they had in one of the emails that was on there
that was showcased was that, you know, Nintendo is going to come out and they're going to market
their Nintendo 64 as the ultimate gaming machine. We have to get in front of that. And basically,
like, we have to call ours the ultimate gaming machine first, so they can't do it. You know,
it's kind of funny. Yeah. Breakman in chat over at Twitch TV VOG Network says,
I remember the stupid school arguments over which system was better. The fact is, we all wished our
parents could afford both systems. You know, what's interesting, though, some things never
change. I mean, I feel like on social media, certain areas, you still see a lot of the
PlayStation versus Xbox. But it's interesting, because I don't feel the same sort of approach
from the companies, right? We often see now a little more again, on social media, you'll see
things like, you know, Microsoft or Phil Spencer openly congratulating Nintendo or even PlayStation
on the release of a major product, you see interesting things like, you know, cross
platform, online play, right? Like, I know, we don't talk a lot about sports games on this show.
So I know it's not on our show roll, but I'm aware that NBA 2k 24 is that what it's called
the new the new NBA 2024 was recently announced, it's coming out in September, and they're talking
about cross platform play on it, which, you know, is something that if that was even available in
the 90s, obviously, the technologies changed a lot, that would have never happened the way
the companies were in the 90s. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it even though I think the console
war still exists to an extent, I think it's really driven by this audience who just like,
feels the need to be on a winning team. Or something. I don't know. Sometimes I
yeah, it's the team mentality. Or it's like, it's almost goes back to a lot of people that
are really into like high school football. Yeah, high school sports. It's like, they're very much
like, I like our team has to win. It like goes in the politics. It goes into everything. It's like,
I see youtubers that get really into this. And I understand part of it is probably
click driven. It's sensational. It's click driven, but I can't help but kind of like roll
my eyes at some of it. And it's because I'm just kind of like, I like grow up like it just like to
me, like some of that just kind of shows a lot. I maybe I'm being really rude, but I it shows a
lack of critical thinking. I feel like when you get really, really into how to think those console
wars that you can't you're like unable to see things from the other side. I don't know. I just
think of some things that I see sometimes and it's people that I know too. And I'm just kind
of like, it's kind of a human thing. Yeah, people like like two things. Number one,
things that reinforce their own core beliefs. And number two, echo chambers. Yeah, yeah. Well,
yeah. I mean, God, look at look at what social media is huge on those. Absolutely. That's even
beyond the console wars. But yes, the thing is that they assume other people are like that.
And it's funny when you're not a person who's like that, then people don't know what to think
about you. Like when I was a kid, I kinda you know, I played everything I could get my hands
on. I didn't really I mean, I love my Super Nintendo more because I love the games on it
more. But I certainly like to sit down with some sonic action, you know.
Comment from chat Zen monkey 11 says I kept up with both systems through the 80s 90s,
odds, etc. Some systems ran games a lot better than others. So console wars is needed to help
people make the right choice for themselves. I'm not saying you can't like sit there and say
evaluate PlayStation, evaluate Microsoft, evaluate Nintendo, evaluate their offerings and see what's
the right choice for you. And there was something about the marketing in the 80s and 90s that really
encouraged all those sorts of fanboy wars and the things that we're seeing. And my point is,
it's okay to sit there and say, okay, now that I've kind of evaluated this and what you're
talking about, like the graphics and what runs better, or I think a lot in this day and age where
the first party exclusives are or weighing something like game pass versus God of War,
Last of Us, etc, etc. Nintendo exclusives, portability, all that once you weigh all of
those and you decide this is the right system for me. That's great. That's that's much different
than the fanboy wars. The fanboy wars I'm talking about are PlayStation is the right console for me
and for everybody else. And if you don't agree with me, you're wrong for the following reasons,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's the difference. Yeah.
Game of ticks. Oh my god. Perfect. Perfect.
Copyright Jamie 2023. You steal my word. I kick you in the shin.
No, no, but monetize it. Trademark it. Patent pending. Put it on a shirt.
Game of ticks. I'm over it.
Game of ticks.
By the way, I don't usually shout these out live on the show. But because it is a special occasion,
I do want to say a special shout out to our 500th follower Rob Way. Thank you. Congratulations.
Thank you. Thank you. All right. Yeah. Breakman says I don't have a PlayStation five because I
don't have all the free time in the world. Not because I hate PlayStation. That's like, again,
you have to, I know a lot of people that are really upset because they want to play Final
Fantasy 16. But it's like the PlayStation five. It's like, I don't want to spend the money on,
and I completely understand that. PlayStation fives aren't cheap. Like, yes, I completely
recognize I have the privilege of the job that I have and the income that I have and that I am in
a double income, no kid household. And that affords me certain luxuries like being able to buy
a PlayStation, you know, save up and you know, everything else. I can't buy everything I want
in this world. Like I didn't go get a VR two as well. If I had limitless income, I probably would.
But I do recognize I'm able to do that. And not everybody else can. And that that's something else
to get in these family wars. I could get a PS five or I could get weird Al pinball.
Right.
Or money toward weird Al.
You know, so I'm reminded
All the money I spent on I had to rebuy all my Dead by Daylight DLC.
To put a pin in this a little bit and move on to the other part of the Sega story I want to talk
about. But I'm reminded of and it was several years ago and I want to say and I don't know if
I'm crediting the wrong person for this comment. So I'm sorry, but memory, it's the first thing to
go. Or actually, the joke is memory is the second thing to go. What's the first thing? Get it. So
I believe it was no one special 77. In the early days of listening to this show said,
Well, I don't know if I really count as a gamer, because I just have an N 64. And I play a lot of
games on the N 64. Because that's all I'm able to afford. And I believe our response was a resounding
Yeah, you're still a gamer. You're 100% a gamer. You're just as much of a gamer as anyone else
here at the table. Like you're playing video games, are you not on a pretty incredible system, right?
Like, just because you're not with the latest and greatest and the coolest technology. I mean,
the awesome thing about how far this industry has come in 30 years is that there are a metric
fuck ton of amazing retro classics for you to go revisit. And that's why preservation is so
important, right? And why we, you know, can't stand to see games like disappear or become
inaccessible at a certain point. Thankfully, most of the cartridge games that we kind of think of
when we think of 80s and 90s, and even early CD ROM things don't have this problem. But like,
you know, like, look at the game that Loki's got playing in his background. It makes you think,
oh, man, going back and playing Megaman, Ninja Gaiden, like those, those are amazing classics
that are worth revisiting always and always, right? So it doesn't make you any less of a gamer
if you're not able to play Final Fantasy 16 right now, because you can't drop 500 plus another 70
bucks on the investment that it takes. So anyway, um, other comments in chat. Tiger class says the
issue with getting a PS five is it's not backwards compatible with the PS four games. So my head
games on the PS four, you haven't gotten around to playing camp. That's not true. It is actually
backwards compatible with PS four, you might be thinking of PS four and PS three. But I mean,
where you might be is if you get the digital only one, then obviously you can't put a disk in that.
But you can put a PS four disk in a disk enabled PS five and it will work. It actually is backwards
compatible. So just, just a heads up. But I realized, you know, again, with a lot going
digital, it kind of, you know, changes things and all that stuff. So anyway, dark to see, I think
my memory is actually right, because he also remembers that and I trust dark to see his memory
of this show better, better than my own, quite frankly. So um, and another interesting comment
from sj 100. Matt, who says I want a PS five now, I didn't before because there weren't enough games
for me to justify the separate purchase. Now there are but I don't have enough time to play.
And I think that's also totally okay. Like you don't have to get a new system day one. I didn't
get a PS five day one. I got a PS five when I finally was like, okay, yep, Final Fantasy 16
is coming. And there's these other games I want to play, including theater them a PS four game,
going back to what I had said earlier, and some of these other just, you know, other things on PS
five, like returnal and other things that like now there's enough games where I want to pick
one up and do that, but I didn't buy one day one. They were also impossible to find day one,
but that's another argument. All right, anyhow, let's move on. I there's another side of this
whole Sega thing in the more recent element, right? Yeah. Yeah. So a bit of a relief, actually.
So the you may remember Sega was gonna, you know, invest some of their money, I assume,
and time into getting into the NFT business. But they have decided that no, they're not going to
do that. Instead, they according to the chief operating officer, they're going to be withholding
its biggest franchise from third party blockchain gaming projects to avoid devaluing its content
also be shelving plans to develop their own games in that genre for at least now. So we're looking
into whether this technology is really going to take off in this industry. After all, the
basically having concerns, you know, at least right now they're saying that their biggest
franchises are off the table. Also, they were saying that the action in play to earn games
is boring. What's the point of games if they're no fun? I mean, yeah, exactly.
It sounds like some wise decisions are being made at Sega right now. So keep up the good work. I
mean, they probably just see the market tanking. So they're like, yeah, you know, not only can we
not invest in this market that's not really thriving, but we can also get some more,
you know, some value with our, our fans to let them know, hey, we're not going to touch that
trash, even though we said we're going to touch that trash. Well, I think it also kind of puts
a pin on exactly what a flash in the pan or to be flash in the pan. This whole NFT stuff was
because like, you know, one day everybody's like, Oh, this is gonna be the next big thing. And now
what has been like, not even eight months. And everybody's like, nevermind. Nevermind.
Well, that's the thing about the specular market. Whoops, bad call, abort, abort.
It's hard to speculate when it's crashing. Yeah.
So, I mean, but I can't think that many of us were fans of the whole NFT thing to begin with.
So, you know, it's one of those like, no love lost here. So I'm glad they figured it out before they
had a real stinker of a game come out or something like that, you know, I think, yeah.
That's that. All right. Well, good. I hope for the best out of Sega for the future. You know,
it sounds like they've got some exciting revivals potentially in the works. I mean, nothing
officially confirmed. But you know, those rumors about crazy taxi and jet set radio and also like,
they won't go away. So who knows? Maybe someday, maybe someday. All right. Well, in the meantime,
let's talk about some of the games that we have been playing this week, whether they be classics
or new shiny things in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week? So DarkSakura,
how was your gaming week? It was. It just was. I did, of course, Dead by Daylight. I got
at least all of the cosmetics from the Rift or whatever the new Rift-y thing is, whatever it's
called. So, yeah, that's done. I did Midnight Suns. I did Cult of the Lamb. I played some
Black Knight 3000. I played some World Cup Soccer. Yeah. I've mostly been working on like Vtuber
stuff. I've been fighting with trying to get a model that I made in Daz 3D, which I've gotten
into Blender just fine. But then it's getting it to export with its textures and then getting the
rig to stick to the mesh when I do the export. So I just need somebody who is better at that
than I am to compile it for me. I've played with it for days and it's a pain in the ass and I think
I have to do it through Unity or some shit. And I have Unity. I haven't touched it. So I'm just
going to stick with the... I'm trying to make it as less YY anime waifu as I can, but she still
looks pretty anime waifu. And honestly, it's pretty cute. I have retextured a bunch of clothes,
so that's kind of what I've been doing. And since I got it through Steam, I'm counting it as part
of my gaming week. I have to admit, I'm going to be transparent and say it's taken me a long time
to kind of get the Vtuber thing. I was always kind of like, I don't know if it's as interesting to me
as watching somebody in an actual cam. So you're seeing unprocessed reactions, things like that.
But that being said, as I've been doing my Final Fantasy 16 playthrough, I don't stream all of it.
Some of it I do off stream and when I do the off stream stuff, I go off cam and I just record it
for YouTube and I put just the gameplay up there. And I have to admit, I definitely notice the
amount of extrovert energy. And you all know I'm very much an extrovert, but it's not an
infinite tank. I have a big tank, but I don't have an infinite tank. And I definitely notice how much
less energy I feel like I'm using not being on actual camera and the lights and all that and
doing that than when I am. And so I get it from the person trying to create regular content,
but doesn't always have the spoons or whatever you want to call it for it. I get it from that
perspective. I really do. Well, there's a little bit for it. For me is the fact that I don't always
want to put on a full face of makeup. Especially for my early day Monday stream, when I'm done,
I'm going into doing 45 minutes worth of stretches and warm up before my ballet. I don't want to do
that with full face makeup on. And I certainly don't want to come back from doing it when I
do it while I'm playing Cult of the Lamb and just trying to chill before I take a shower and go to
bed. But people like to have some type of person image that they can acknowledge and or interact
with, or at least see that something is going on that there might be a person attached to it.
And that's the allure of having a VTuber. It also is a way to control your brand.
And I can put up some pictures real quick to show people what I've been working on,
if you're really interested. Yeah. And I get it because at least even with the VTuber,
you still see smile, you still see laugh, you still see movement looking. There's a lot that
you are still able to get. So yeah, I get it a lot more than I used to. And that's just maybe the old
man in me taking time to roll around. I mean, it took me a while to get Twitch. Now here we are.
So you know, it's fine. Sometimes I'm slow to the party. It is what it is.
All right. Well, I also think that I can get something to go through my camo app. It's just
going to be some doing so. All right. Let's go over to Loki, your gaming week.
Um, my week, I played mostly Minecraft. So I put out an episode this week. And then
it's been a little bit of that ET sequel, if you will, waste a little bit of time in that
and a little bit of protocol game. And I think that was it actually.
Okay. Let's see my gaming week. So honestly, it was
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't remember one more. I forgot. I downloaded it on my phone,
a group coaster because I was getting the urge to play some group coasters. So I was playing that.
Okay, nice. Um, let's see my gaming week. Honestly, mostly Final Fantasy 16. It's pretty
much all I've been playing. Um, obviously it was a little bit hit and miss of the week with
a holiday and everything, but I'm 70% of the way through the game now, which, uh, is that because
on your PlayStation main screen, it'll tell you how far you are through the game, but it doesn't
count side quests. Um, but I, I would imagine I'm kind of a similar progress through side quests.
There's only a couple I haven't finished at this point. Um, but yeah, I'm 70% of the way through
the game. So I'm, I'm hoping I can beat it this next week. I did not get as much play in this
weekend as I'd hoped, but you know, so it goes sometimes just IRL getting in the way. Uh, like
I hosted a show yesterday. It was a lot of fun, but it kept me away from Twitch all day. So, you
know, it is what it is. Um, so I'm hoping I'll beat Final Fantasy 16 this week. I really want
to be done with 16 in the next week because Diablo four's first season starts on the 20th.
And here I've been thinking this whole time, Oh, it's going to start the weekend. I go to Atlanta
for Southern fried game gaming expo. And actually, no, it starts the week before.
So I can actually get some time in before I go off to Southern fried gaming expo, which by the way,
if you forgot is a thing that is happening at the end of the month in Atlanta last weekend of July.
I hope to see you there. If you are in the area, um, I will be there for the first time for their,
um, 10th anniversary show. Uh, as a result, we will not be here on July 30th. Sorry about that.
Um, and then also five weeks later when I go back to Atlanta for dragon con, but that's all right.
I have actually math doubt that I have spent, um, obviously the most time of my life I have spent
in Sacramento, but now the sec, the city I have spent the second most time in my life is Atlanta
with between 10 dragon cons. I've spent more time in Atlanta, even over, um, the Philadelphia area
that I used to go to a lot for work. So I've, I've actually spent more time in Atlanta now.
So, um, questmaster and chat says finally finished Final Fantasy 16 today. No spoiling it.
Thank you. Of course. Uh, but it was an adventure worth experiencing from start to finish for me.
Yeah. I've still been enjoying it. I am going to say though, I am at this point in the game,
70% of the way through I re like the last time I was streaming the main story quest. I even kind
of said this. I'm like, these are really uninteresting filler quests that I'm going
through right now. Like I, I unfortunately, I think part of the drawback of Final Fantasy 16,
having such a strong opening and then these moments throughout the game that are also
very strong and just very like, Holy crap. Most of them centered around the icon versus icon fights.
Most of them. Um, it makes those periods in between to kind of get to like, really seem
like, okay, let's go, let's go. Let's get back to the interesting stuff. Like it's, it's like
watching again, it's like watching a TV show, like Game of Thrones will say, and like some episodes
are like filler episodes and some episodes are like red wedding, right? It's like, there's a
lot of plot in some episodes and some episodes are a little more, okay. It's, you know, it's,
it's not quite as interesting as the others. So also quickly on Final Fantasy 16, I'm going to
say this as spoiler free as I can. I did get to the explicit gay scene that had the game banned
in Saudi Arabia. It's as, as was said plenty of times on this program, when that new story first
came out. It was not sexual in the least. It was a kiss between two guys. That's it. And it was,
it was also a reveal of sorts, because you knew nothing about, again, I'm being very vague
intentionally, you knew nothing about the sexuality or the interest of the said character
in question. And it's one of those things that just kind of like explains that a little bit and
their relationship a little bit out of the blue. And I have to say I was really pleasantly
surprised by it. I mean, of course, I enjoy the representation. The only thing that made me
irritated about that whole situation was that right before the same day I got to that scene
that morning on and I'm naming names Kotaku, they ran a story about the relationship and in the
fucking thumbnail that went on social media, they showed the two characters that were in
the relationship. And so I already knew going into it. That was fucked. I'm sorry. That was,
that was really fucked to do for clicks. The game has not even been out a month. That, that was,
that was fucky to ruin that for people. Because I also think part of the way they did that,
and the nice thing about that is that it was like 20 hours into the game before that was revealed.
And again, without the Saudi Arabia thing, nobody ever said anything about the same
sex relationship. It never came up in the pre, unless they were asked about it again,
because of the Saudi Arabia thing, it never came up. It was not a selling point for the
game. It was not something they were advertising. It was just something that happened as
it tends to be in life. It just, it just, these people are gay. Okay, deal with it. Like that's
it. It's that simple. And the reason why I like how they did what they did 20 hours into the game
is because most people, again, in our flash judgment society and social media, they've
already after the demo two hours into the game, after their first night in the game, five, six,
seven hours into the game, they've already splashed all over social media. I love this
game. This is amazing. These combats are awesome. These icon fights are great. Oh my God, this is
great. This could be one of the best Final Fantasies. Everybody's already putting that
out there, right? So that way, when that scene shows up, they're going to really look like
they're putting their clown dress on. If they go back and go, Final Fantasy gone woke, go broke,
don't buy Final Fantasy because they're shoving that gay agenda down our throats.
They fucking got you bitch, by by putting that in there subtly the way they did. But and in all
fairness, and I said this also, again, when the you know, Saudi Arabia kind of first revealed that
there would be same sex relationship content in the game. It is hard for me to get out the
confetti cannons and celebrate this because I do think this is done well. It is hard for me to get
out the confetti cannons and celebrate this when meanwhile, we have these other issues with this.
With the racial representation and how that was not done. In a way we would have would have liked
to have seen it. So it's kind of one of those restrained celebrations where it's like, Oh,
good. I'm glad they did it that way. It's really unfortunate. They couldn't figure this out
for all other types of minorities as well. But quest buster in chat says that scene was
something that just happens between two people that love each other is that if it was a dude
and a woman, not nobody it was it would be like completely like whatever like like it actually
like if you really take a step back to think about that scene, it is absolutely a nothing burger for
a heterosexual relationship. It is nothing. But the fact that it's two dudes are going to make
people go Oh, oh, oh, I, I wait for the day or I would love the day to happen where no one cares.
And that's, that's, and the nice thing is, for better for worse in Valstia.
No one cares. It's just, it's just there. That's how it should be.
That's right. Anyway. All right. That was my high school 16. The only other thing I really played
this week was I played Dead by Daylight actually, because it's it isn't I the thing with Dead by
Daylight, I only play like one or two matches tops. I'm like, okay, I'm done. But that's still
been enough for me. I have like 60. I'm playing it differently this time. And instead of trying
to get a couple of me see, instead of trying to get Tara Mises on everybody. I'm just I'm pouring
all of my points into Leon Chris Carlos, the himbo trilogy. I'm pouring all of my points into
my favorite himbos in the game. And I'm up to like 60 Tara Mises, which for me is a lot.
But what what the funny thing about that is I'm also finding not only do I have like 60
Tara Mises, I now have like 80 anniversary med kits and like 80 toolboxes and fly I never
use flashlights. I'm terrible flesh. But like, I have all of these other anniversary stuff too,
that I'm just getting all on my favorite himbo by daylight, folks. So good times.
Rob, we need to have you back for for my favorite redeem the Resident Evil roleplay redeem.
That was your crit was brilliant. So we have a little a little special cannon
in our special Resident Evil part of the dead by daylight universe, where Ada and and Leon
celebrate every match by either going to Sizzler or the Brazilian barbecue and they leave Claire
at Sizzler. Claire steals Ada's rocket launchers and Chris is a caveman apparently.
That's the way I played Chris. He's a himbo. He's our he's our builder punching asshole.
All right. It's fanfic by daylight. Yeah. All right. Let's get into some other news
going on in some other games around the gaming universe. And of course, we'll get to your
comments and calls much later on in the program when we get to our listener roundtable,
but we still have some stories to get to first. So Loki, why don't you start us off tonight?
In the further tales of more old things leaking, we have the Far Cry one source code leaking from
2004. That's right. The original Far Cry has been leaked, and it is now on the Internet Archive.
The theory behind this is that it came from a possible update to the game that they were adding
the Ubisoft Game Launcher or DRM. This is basically it was, I think,
put in there by the or this is some comments by a guy who's done other types of leaks before
and also is a modder for various games. I don't know how to pronounce their name. Meteoros,
I guess, basically saying that the from my educated guess this is some source tree leak
from the PC version of the game to add support for Ubisoft Game Launcher slash DRM. It doesn't
contain it does contain some executables, but no Xbox code, no game assets. The code that is there
doesn't compile without 332 errors. So I think you need to get some debug PC version of the game
running or the put some effort and learn the code base. So no word what they're going to be able to
do with this, but maybe we'll see it ported to other things or maybe, you know, updated using,
you know, fancy ray tracing or something, who knows? Or you can just look at it. Because you can.
Yeah, that's that's what most people do with this stuff. They download the source code just be like,
Oh, that's neat. I have the source code. And then they open it up and look at the Wow, this is a lot.
Okay. Yeah, it's cool to like find out how people used to do things or how it was done before. And
you can always use it to like make mods or improvements to the original game.
Yeah, no, I was gonna say the the modders are probably the ones celebrating. Most of all,
it's it's probably the modders that are going to get the most use out of this because now it's
like, Oh, now we can really, I mean, but Far Cry, this this one that leaked is just doesn't have an
online component, right? Because Far Cry is I know some of them have online modes, like single
player. I don't remember. It was a while ago. I remember it had split screen on Far Cry primal.
No, it wasn't primal. What would they call that before? It was instinct. Far Cry instinct was the
Xbox version. That had split screen I remember, but I don't think I don't remember if it had
online. A bonds 006 clarifies it does not have online. So yeah, so I thought I thought so yeah,
because that's that's when the source code leaks on that stuff. That's when it gets you know,
really dicey because people are looking for the hacks, the exploits, all that stuff. So I get
that. And then Oh, yeah, this would be wouldn't be online now anymore. Anyways, even if it was
online at one point. I also like I I don't like I'm not sitting here like also like cheering this
because I understand for Ubisoft and the company and all that like it's it this is a even if it is
you know, one of the older games. It's still a gigantic pain in the ass. But it's also one of
those things where it's like, is the world going to end as a result? Are your profits going to
plummet as a result now? You know, go let the modders fuck around and find out and it is you
know, it is what it is. So quest buster and chat says that that was the one that had busted stealth
because all the enemies could psychically find you with their bullets, whether you were in the open
or hiding in a bush. Well, then that makes me think maybe people can go in and fix it kind of
like, you know, to do a throwback to something we were talking about earlier the et video game. Like
I remember just in the last month, there was, you know, a bunch of stuff on social media about
somebody released like a fixed version of et that basically turned et on the Atari 2600 into a
pretty decent game. That Yeah, I
remember there's like three fixes that they had for that that they implemented.
Yeah, well, it just it also made it you know, they had more than six weeks to do it. So they,
you know, were able to, you know, put some interesting things in the game, you know,
40 years of programming experience on top of that, you know, that would be the interesting thing
that could come out of this, you know, especially on top of what quest buster was saying there about
Oh, this had this whole broken mechanic. Well, somebody's probably going to go in there and fix
it. And now you're going to see like, the definitive far cry or the definitive fan far cry
or something because obviously, you can't, you know that if you want to stay from cry,
that would cry. I like that. Yeah, if you want to stay from Ubisoft's ire, you got to be careful
using, you know, those types of words, but fan cry, I like that, where they can, you know, fix
some of these things and make the game even better as a tribute. So as Joe and Matt also points out,
source code leak is just a few steps away from putting dicks in the game. Well, come on, that's
modders already do that. You don't need source code to do that. Matt, come on. Come on. And but
the bonds double six says I like the brokenness of far cry. Well, here's the good news. The source
code leaking does nothing to change the original. In fact, I bet it makes the original get ported
to more toasters and graphic calculators and refrigerators like that's that's that's what
happens when like the doom source code is published for all the download is that Oh, we gotta
now we got to put this game on literally everything. So that's what you can look forward
to a far cry graphing calculator far cry. All right. Well, speaking of other games with, you
know, graphical technology, that's probably not much better than a graphing calculator.
We have some updates on Pokemon sleep, and what all is going on with Pokemon sleep. So
Pokemon sleep is happening. It's coming later this year. Excuse me later this month,
actually. And now we just got a gameplay trailer to come out. We don't have the exact date yet.
We know it is coming out in late July. But it's also important to point out this isn't
really a game. It's just something that is involving Pokemon that will hook up with things
like Pokemon go and assumably, whatever Nintendo's mainline series have in store for
Pokemon. So what happens with this, you get paired with a Snorlax, and you increase your bond with
Snorlax by sleeping. And if you get a good night's sleep, Snorlax will get drowsy power from you.
And then more Pokemon will visit and you'll get rare sleep styles. I think this is just a virtual
collection of sorts. When your sleep style decks is filled up with all these different Pokemon,
hooray, you caught them all. Congratulations. You can also increase your bond with Snorlax with
berries and drinks and all that. But yeah, it does seem interesting that maybe the sleep tracking
capabilities are actually going to be pretty well rounded in the games. Your phone's microphone and
accelerometer will actually see how much you toss and turn in your sleep or even record your snoring
if that's something you want to listen to. If you toss and turn all night, you might get Togepi
will actually come out and sing its rocking sleep style. If you snore, Jigglypuff will try to sing
you to sleep. This is very silly, but okay. You want me to have nightmares?
Yeah. If you put the Pokemon- I keep dreaming about Pokemon. I don't know why.
I want to know which Pokemon shows up if you put the app down to record your sleep,
and then the bed starts rocking rhythmically. We don't know what Pokemon comes out to-
Or if you're having a really good time, Dugtrio. All right.
But anyway.
You did not go there.
I bought a house there. I pay a mortgage there. Anyway, that is the- yeah, Pokemon. Also,
you can get this if you want to pair this up with the Pokemon Go Plus bracelet. You can sleep track
that way as well. Yeah, it's $30 if you really want that. But good news, the Pokemon sleep app
is free because it's mining all of your sleep data for later use. I don't know what companies
need with your sleep data, but I bet it's very interesting to know what time the average Pokemon
player goes to bed and wakes up. I mean, it's just- it's interesting. So yeah, and Darktosea
does say the snoring recording might be useful for a doctor. Yeah, but I do want to be clear,
there are other apps out there that are not Pokemon-branded that will do very,
very similar things if that is something you're interested in.
I just wish that there was like a cute little app like that that I could have used instead
of having all of that goo put in my hair to attach the wires to my head when I had
my narcolepsy test. Oh, yeah. That was- that shit did not come out. It was terrible.
All right, moving on. We have a lot of good retro stories tonight,
and I think this is another one. Jamie? Yeah, so you know, we have a love of laser
discs in my house, and we're big fans of some of the laser disc games, you know. And Taito put out
a few that we got two- I know we got two of them on the Sega CD, but there is, of course,
a third one that's going to be added to those other two in a collection, which is the Taito
LD game collection. And one of them- I'm sorry, if you've hung out with me or are old or know your
anime history, you will know this other name, but the first two- there's Time Gal, which we did get
on Sega CD, Revenge of the Ninja, which we also got on Sega CD, I played the crap out of,
and Space Battleship Yamato. For the record, for those who do not know, who are also old,
we got this in the early 80s, late 70s, was it, as Star Blazers. Even had the same music for-
pretty much the same theme song. I mean, like, it was pretty much word for word translation,
but anyway. So, but anyway, these were all games that were originally on laser discs.
And if you don't know what laser discs are, get off my lawn.
Basically, if you know how big a record album is, you know what record albums are,
because now they're what the cool kids use. They were, like, giant CD in that size,
and you put them on, and they were double-sided, and, you know, if you were watching a movie on it,
you'd probably have to get up and flip the disc unless you had, like, a double-sided reader or
something. And then, but anyway, with this, it's basically, you would play on your- well,
in the arcades, you would, of course, have a joystick or a button that you would either
press in a direction when you got a visual clue, or hit a certain button, again, with a visual
clue. And you could watch and participate in a story, and there's only one right answer,
usually, in these games. There were other ones that came out. I mean, there was- Lupin,
Castle of Cagliostro came out as a game called Cliffjumper. Do you remember that?
I don't think so.
Yeah. But anyway, these are all three of them. I mean, for laser disc games, you're pretty good,
pretty neat little stories. I mean, Time Gal, I didn't play a whole lot of,
but I did play a lot of Revenge of the Ninja. And so, this is going to be out on Switch, and
I'm trying to see, because I had the date here a second ago. It was on Taito's announcement page,
I think, which is in Japanese, so let me see if I can find the date listed. It says December 14th,
2023. So yeah, hopefully we'll get it over here too. But yeah, I'm actually looking
forward to the Yamato one. I've never gotten to play that one.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
All right, moving on.
Now the Yamato song is stuck in my head.
All right, well, while you hum that, Loki, what's next for us?
It's more stuff to come out of the whole Microsoft and Activision acquisition thing.
So this actually reveals some stuff about Sony. In the core filings, it mentioned that basically,
the PlayStation likewise sells a less expensive digital edition for $399.99 and is expected to
release a PlayStation 5 slim later this year at the same reduced price point. And then they also
have another comment in that filing as well saying the PlayStation, meanwhile, currently
offers two different versions of the PlayStation 5, one with a Blu-ray player for physical media
standard and one without digital and is anticipated to release further differentiated
pro and slim models in the near future. So is Microsoft leaking out that Sony has a pro and
slim version or is it just their speculation that they're including in this? Who knows?
But this is part of their document titled the console market must include Nintendo.
I don't know that I didn't really have anything to do with Nintendo,
but I guess includes all three consoles in there.
Well, but not unexpected.
Yeah. And, you know, obviously, you know, some people have been trying to discount
Nintendo and this is not being high end because, you know, it's including Nintendo or not
as a competitor makes a big deal in these, you know, anti-competition sort of things. Right.
So yeah. Yeah. Well, boy, but we we're really not going to hear the end of this for some time.
That's for sure. With the court cases. Or do we know? Do we know if there's an end date on
the court case? I guess. I don't know. I know they had some dates for filings and stuff like that,
but I think it's still in the hands of the FTC right now.
Gotcha. All right. Well, moving on to oh, I can't believe this guy's back in the news,
but guess what? Peter Molyneux. We've got some news and updates on Peter Molyneux. I mean,
if you think about it, he's kind of he's been gone for a little while. You know, what's in the cube?
Remember that? That was 2012. That was over 10 years ago.
Just the headline. Headline is just it's just like it's so Peter Molyneux like seriously.
And then I believe he did the Trail Frontier challenge in 2017. But apparently now
he's back and coding a new game. But we don't know if this has anything to do
with blockchain gaming, because the last time we heard from this guy,
it had to do with blockchain gaming. But he's coding a new game and apparently say this the
first time that he is coding something since black and white, that he's actually in there
coding it himself. So that's kind of interesting. Apparently, it's some all new mechanic. So he says
in days gone by, I would just start telling you about the whole game and the whole game design
and why it was going to be the most brilliant game in the world. I'm not going to do that.
But he did say this mechanic will be part of a familiar environment, more like kind of a fable
black and white Dungeon Keeper kind of experience. So this is sounding like another medieval type of
game. Could be interesting. This is going to be a plan for PC and consoles first, which is
a departure from 22 cans who made what's in the cube and all that stuff because that was designed
around smartphones, as you may recall. So yeah, this is I mean, I guess going to be interesting.
I'm glad he knows to just kind of shut up for the moment. But we'll see. Yeah, does he though. So
we'll see how long he can actually do that. So we have some more information on the actual game.
Yeah, I just I don't know. Like, it feels like though he's still trying to tease it in a way
like he did before. No, he never did come out and tell us what like everything was. He would always
like, mull over like a specific point that was going to be revolutionary and never seen before,
but it always wasn't. So like, I don't know. I don't believe anything he says.
I mean, the cube thing was funny for a minute, but only because it was like meme people were
drawing dicks all over the cube because that was you put you poke at the cube and everybody else
is poking into the cube too. And so if you find your little corner, you could poke dicks and boobs
and all the things you're not supposed to be drawing on a you know, shared canvas around the
world. But this is what it is. And whatever happened with like the profits that they were
supposed to getting from that one game where they supposed to be sharing profits or something like
that or something. I thought there was a whole like profit share thing with that where what
profits that would have the game making a profit. It's like, actually, actually, you you get to pay
the debts that we have. You're a winner. You win. And now sit here at this table and pay the bill
while the rest of us leave the restaurant. All right, moving on. Dark Sakura.
Well, I'm Super Mario RPG, you know, we're getting we're getting the the remake, right?
Supposed to be out on November 17, a game I can get excited about. Yes.
Right. Well, the original director Fujioka Chihiro is actually not involved in it,
but he's really looking forward to playing it. And he's quoted as even saying, I am very surprised
and pleased with the news. And of course, he's been excited for how many people have been thanking him
for it. But good news is that one of my favorite game composers, Shimomura Yoko is returning to
do the music. Yeah. So she also did Kingdom Hearts. A lot of Kingdom Hearts stuff, too.
So I am. I think it's going to be all right. I'm feeling like it's going to be good.
So I didn't talk about it in my gaming week, but since Alan was at Costco yesterday, I said,
Hey, I'm going to Venmo you $90. And I want you to get me the $100 of Nintendo gift card thing.
So he did. And I use the I got the voucher today on Nintendo online. So I did buy Zelda Tears of
the Kingdom. I just haven't played it yet. And I'm gonna put the other I put the other voucher
on the Mario RPG pre order. So I have I got both those games for 45 bucks a pop as opposed to
70 for Tears of the Kingdom. So extreme couponing. I love it.
But yes, fantastic. It is. Don't forget that is a trick. I'm not sure who else. I mean, I don't
want to just only endorse Costco. I don't know if there's other stores that offer a similar deal.
Costco, you can get 90 or you can get $100 worth of Nintendo bucks for 90 bucks. And then you go
and you spend that 100 bucks on the two vouchers and bam $45 games, you could still use them like
if you already bought Tears of the Kingdom as I imagine most of you did, you could still use them
on the two Mario games coming out and it would stay like Mario wonder and Mario RPG, which I
imagine a lot of you are probably going to get and you would still save money and Pikmin four
is eligible to and there's other games too. I think Wario aware is eligible to but Wario
aware is only a $50 game anyway. So it is interesting. The prices they're charging for
some games versus others just please just promise me promise me everyone. You're not going to use a
voucher on everybody one to switch. Don't don't do that. Don't do that. Please don't buy that game.
There you go. Quest buster and chat says Tears of the Kingdom is so good. Lots to explore and do.
It's already one of my top games for this year. And I can't see in chat says,
let us know when you do play Zelda. I want to hear your take. Yeah, I'll probably stream it.
Honestly, I'm curious about it for sure. So all right, let's move on. Loki.
Yes. So we talked about last week how Val was going to be taking down some games that had AI
generated stuff in them. Well, they kind of walked back a little bit. Basically making a
statement it to Polygon said that they didn't really have they have no desire to discourage
the use of AI in games development. But, you know, suggest that perhaps existing copyright laws
might do the job for them when it comes to AI created assets. They said the introduction of AI
sometimes makes it harder for or harder to show a developer has sufficient rights to use AI to
create the assets, including images, text and music. In particular, there are some legal
uncertainty related to the data used to train AI models. There's lots of lawsuits. Sarah Silverman,
for example. Yeah, I just heard about that today. Yeah. It is the developer's responsibility to
make sure that they have the appropriate rights to ship their game. Basically, it's the developer's
responsibility to cover their ass because we're not going to cover their ass. And if it comes down
to them suing us, we're going to point them in your direction type of thing. We know it's
constantly evolving tech and our goal is not to discourage the use of it on Steam. Instead,
we're working through how to integrate it into our already existing review policies.
Stated plainly, our review process is a reflection of the current copyright law and policies
and not an added layer of our opinion. As these laws and policies evolve over time,
so will our process. Well, I mean, it's interesting that they are having to kind
of respond to this in real time as the world is figuring this thing out. And like you said,
now the litigation, something we didn't really bring up last week, because I know we got really
into it last week on this discussion, but now we're seeing the litigation side of this. And
now that we have Sarah Silverman, it's not just her, there's like two other authors that are
suing. And if you haven't heard of this, basically, because they're alleging that
chat GPT and some of the open platforms were trained off of their books, and they proved it
by going to the sites and basically saying, can you summarize the book? And it's giving like
excerpts straight out of the book, basically. And so they were like, this is copyright infringement,
essentially. Well, it's I think, am I getting it right?
Potentially, it's copyright. Well, that's the law, the lawsuit alleges copyright infringement,
right? That could, it could be also to like, I mean, that's going to be a case they're
going to have to make. Because if it's looking to summarize it, it could be looking at reviews
of a book by other people. And if they cite quotes in those reviews, then essentially,
it's taking quotes from those books, but it may not even be looking at those books. Also, if it
can, you know, scrape the web, it may be able to pull excerpts from, like samples of the book,
you know, if you have an e book, you may put out a few chapters or, you know,
a small section of it to give the readers an idea of what it looks like. And so yeah, I mean,
I don't know, it's gonna be something they have to prove. At least it wasn't them going,
did you write this? Or, you know, is did you get this from this, you know, because the AI doesn't
know it'll make up stuff all the time. Yeah. Um, you know, and this isn't the only hot button
thing going on with AI in gaming this week. I know on social media, there is a lot that happened just
because I am fortunate enough through the panels I've done over the years and stuff. I have friends
that are voice actors that were kind of joining in this debate that was going on, I believe she
was a voice actress with persona five, but she ultimately ended up taking a break from social
media just because people were being miserable to her as people on social media tend to do or let's
say Twitter, it's Twitter. Because I don't I don't see the same shit on blue sky. That's for
sure. It's fucking Twitter. So um, and it was about that somebody used AI and her voice to get
her to sing a song as one of her characters, but it was the AI as her voice. And she's like, don't
hell no. Yeah, she's like, don't fucking do that bass. I'm extremely paraphrasing. But she say,
don't fucking do that. And my friends that are voice actors are also chiming in. Don't fucking
do that. And I as a podcaster would also like to chime in. Don't fucking do that with our podcast
and all that stuff. Because a joke had come up earlier in Bobby's chat room. And I know it's a
joke. It's whatever. But you know, they were they were saying, Oh, we could do a Bobby Black Wolf AI
show because he's out tonight and all that stuff. And yet, no, it's cute as a joke. But the problem
is a joke either. Well, well, it's not cute as a joke, because over here behind door number two,
we have the legit legit issue that this actress is raising. And this also leads to now the other
concern. If AI can perfectly replicate these voices, will the voice actors be called for
these different projects? By the way, this all is why a bit why shouldn't say the only reason why
but a big sticking point in why the Writers Guild is striking, and the Actors Guild Screen Actors
Stage Guild is about to strike its AI and the rights to, you know, use AI, or in some cases,
Hello, Indiana Jones, D age them, or Star Wars, or many of these other things. Now, I believe,
especially in the case of Indiana Jones, where the actor is in the film, they had the person's
permission to do things. But what if they didn't? You know, or what if could they say by starring
in this, you have given us the right to do that sort of thing? I think there have been some legal
issues that have come up with this previously. But still, it's just it's all of this is like,
this is this is really coming to a head with AI. And like, what are the ethical ways you can use
it and not and again, and I think this kind of lends into something we were talking about last
week, it's going to be about how do you train it? What's the information that you're giving it?
If it's your own information for your own purposes? All right, then. But if it's, you know,
books, podcasts, anime, anime vocal songs, and things that you did not give permission for it
to learn off of, it's not okay. It's copyright infringement.
And you know, though, there's going to come in like, how to like, I'm going to throw this out
there. So say that they wanted to do a Rocky and Bullwinkle revival. Is June Faure's estate
going to allow her voice to be used? You know, or, you know, so and so, you know, deceased actor,
you know, is it in general, is it ethically okay to raise the dead to make money off of them?
But coming back to a point that was made on the show last week, if they bring somebody else in
to impersonate June Faure, then that's different. You know, and that actually happens a lot where
you bring somebody else in the kind of sounds like the deceased or otherwise departed actor.
You know, that happens all the time. That's that is a completely different thing. I mean,
for in some cases, especially if the voice actor did not come back due to a contract
dispute or something, it might come off as tacky, but it is a completely different situation than
this. For sure. So quick, break man says quick, someone make a Rocky pull or scroll off the
screen. Sorry. Quick, someone make a polar rabbit from a hat joke. Yes.
You see me quoting the whole rest of it. I know. I know. I know.
That trick never works. So I do want to put on the sleeve.
I do want to point out, though, as much as we're all sitting here going, yeah,
this shouldn't happen with this particular voice actors. I want to remind people,
she deactivated Twitter and all this stuff took social media great because people were
bullying her from the perspective of, no, we should get to do this. It was just in fun.
It was a fan project. It was an excuse, excuse, excuse, excuse.
But people said, no, the implications. Yeah. And she said, no, that should be enough.
Yeah. Do not consent. End of story. What if this had been, what if this had been, um,
and I'm going to add actually in, cause I do think a bit of sexism has to do with,
it would have been a male actor, voice actor. If he said no,
probably would have been gotten the same level of flack.
The backlash. Yeah. I think, I think you're right. The backlash would not be as intense.
Anyway. Um, yeah. And break man is talking about movies, bringing actors back to life again.
You know, if they have the permission from the estate and all that it's different. Uh,
break man says concerts with dead musicians, you know, the, the Tupac hologram, did they have Tupac
estates consent? If they did then whatever I'm assuming they had to have, um, or the,
I think of the ABBA hologram show. Well, ABBA participated in the making of that. They were very,
they did that so that they wouldn't have to tour. So they absolutely support it.
Again, that's different. That's using the technology and stuff in good ways and ways that,
you know, are fine. It's these things that are unethical. Gorillas.
Tried to do a concert and that all failed. They did it. The Grammys, I think. Yeah. And then when
Madonna came out, her bass was so loud that it made the, uh, holograms vibrate. Yeah. Yeah.
All right. Uh, moving on. Um, let's talk about, Oh, some not so great news out of Niantic,
which is, you know, I, I said plenty about this last week, but now on top of this,
this week, they are being accused of a systemic sexual bias in a lawsuit.
A former Niantic employee who was laid off as part of the layoffs that happened,
that we were reporting about on the show has now filed a lawsuit against Niantic alleging
that a devalued the work of female employees and women of color denied equal pay to women employees
and women of color. Uh, the lawsuit is going for a clash action status. So right now it's being
raised by one individual, but they are looking to make it class action. And they use the term
boys club, uh, throughout the lawsuit. Uh, again, that employee was laid off. Um, but they are,
and they are coming forward as an anonymous Jane Doe. Uh, all we know in the, uh, uh, lawsuit is
that they are, uh, Asian female who worked at Niantic in February of 2020. Oh, what a heck of
a start date. They're, uh, considering everything to happen. They started with a salary of 70 K.
And then later that year they were promoted to get about 84 K. But then in 2021, she learned
that a male colleague was making more money, even though she had a higher job title and more
responsibilities than he did. Allegedly that employee was being paid 127 K per year, and she
was being paid 105 K per year. So I don't know, I guess maybe that's a year later or whatever,
despite being a job level higher. And then around spring of 2023, she received a raise to 115 per
year, still below the male colleague. Now, I don't want to discount the argument here.
There are still some question marks with this because I have heard of these situations where
people get paid different because like experience or whatever, but I also don't want to discount
this person's concerns. It'll come out in a courtroom. We'll see what happens. I'm curious
to see, will others join on to the lawsuit as well? Because that's going to be telling,
again, it's just the reality. When it's one person, well, could there be a specific situation
or something going on? But then when it's multiple people complaining of the same thing,
well, you can't say it's an individual situation now at that point because it's affecting
multiple people and whatever's going on. Because apparently then it gets to this whole thing about
the employee discussed the concern with female staffers, sexism and equal pay were brought up
with the group Wolfpack, which is the employee resource group for women. But then when the
employee went to Niantic's diversity, equity and inclusion director and principal people partner,
they had made clear that they and male upper management Niantic were hostile to her complaints
or voiced concerns about sexism or sexual bias in the workplace. And then they said the job
evaluations, allegedly the job evaluations were affected by her discussing the workplace issues
with her colleagues and said that she was paid below the range because she raised the concerns
with her colleagues. And that's illegal. That is absolutely illegal. And on top of that,
if any company ever tells you that you can't discuss your pay, they're full of shit.
Right. You should discuss your pay. It should be open and honest for everybody.
But I will still be very curious to hear their side of it because the way you do it could still
be open to, you know, whatever, you know, obviously, things are not good at Niantic.
And I can't you know, this story coming out as one of those like, of course, because this is
a problem in our industry, right? We've we've learned that since the Activision Blizzard
lawsuit, it is not unique to just Activision Blizzard, it was certainly exacerbated in that
whole situation. But this is a problem that you know, permeates our industry. I will just be very
interested to see, is it just one or is it much more? You know, because again, the individual
concern and that whole debate kind of goes out the window when now five women come forward and say,
Yeah, this is a systemic problem. So we'll see. Anyway,
And the other thing too, is that it's there's a whole bunch of other just bullshit behind it.
Where I have it all in my head, and it's really hard for me to put this in words.
But there also is this societal bias, regardless that people are constantly having to fight
against. And people are way too quick to dismiss a woman's claim anyway. You know, like, Oh,
just being sensitive or blah, blah, blah, this, or, you know, need to just suck it up or whatever.
No, no. Talk about it. And if you are in a situation like this,
and you feel that you're not making what you're worth, I mean, bring it up and protect yourself,
save a paper trail of who you talk to and what you talk to them about.
Yeah. And I want to be clear. I'm not just, yeah. And I want to be clear. I'm not dismissing this
woman's complaints. I'm just curious what's going to come out in the courtroom. I'm curious to hear
the other side of it. That's all. Well, I know you wouldn't be like that. Yeah. But
the biggest thing is just, you know, give, give, give the person some credit because they wouldn't
say something if it hadn't happened. Yeah. At least that's, that's always my theory.
Yeah. All right. All right. Well, let's, let's take a moment to take a trip down memory lane in
an age long before AR gaming companies. We're going to take a trip down memory lane in our next
segment right now. And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the
vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what is that game this week? Oh, gosh. The game this week is forgotten worlds.
I was a little bit surprised that I hadn't done it. I had, you know,
it's sort of like these days, if it's something I haven't done, I'm like,
when did I not do this? Why haven't I done this? Excuse me. What planet am I on right now? But this
was indeed one that I had not done. So we're, we're going to discuss some classic game tonight.
So forgotten worlds is or as it was called in Japan, lost worlds is a side scrolling shooter
by Capcom. It was originally released as an arcade game in 1988. And it's notable for being the first
title for being released on Capcom's CP system. So is basically set in the 29th century where
this evil god known as Bios has fucked up the earth. And now it's called the dust world. And
so super soldiers are made by these people scientists to defeat Bios and the eight evil gods
and like, sort of like sci fi fantasy ish. So anyway, it can be played by up to two players
simultaneously. And it's a, it's an interesting little kind of game. So basically, one player
can control one of the muscle soldiers with a rifle with unlimited ammo, you're equipped
with long range automatic rifle, and then player two has a short range wide shot. So
you got an eight way joystick in the arcade and a roll switch, which is this rotatable button.
So if you rotate it, it allows you to adjust where your character is aiming in one of 16 directions.
And so you can pretty much rapidly change your direction anywhere. And also if you
press the switch button, you know rapidly, then you have a mega crush attack that destroys
anything on screen, but it also takes part of your life to do so. You have a little module that
goes with you, that's your backup firepower. And it can be rotated as well with the roll switch.
So if you rotate the character, while fighting will only rotate the aim of the satellite,
but rotating the character without firing, rotates the satellites aim and also its relative
position around the player. So you can also get these blue colored coins called zenny,
because I guess video games like zenny as a currency from defeating enemies. It's used to
buy power ups from shops that are in different areas in each stage. And then you're given a
choice of whatever item is available and limited time to make your purchase. So you can get new
weapons for your satellite, but you also get health kits for vitality and even tips on how
to defeat the bosses in the stage. So it has nine stages, each with its own boss and you will lose
your vitality gauge. If it runs out, then you also get a good chance to continue. So the game itself
took two years to develop and had a production budget of five million dollars, which as of 2022
would have been about 12 million dollars and had four megabytes of sprite data. And it started off
as like a normal side scrolling shooter, but Okamoto Yoshiki wanted a very imaginative game.
And so Capcom tried to make it easier to play because it was really hard to dodge at first.
But Capcom also really wanted to show up the capability of the CPS-1.
It didn't really make a lot of money because there were a bunch of shooters on the market
and it also made increase in different expenses because of the shortage of chips needed for the
CPS-1 boards. It was first ported to home computers in Europe by U.S. Gold in 1989.
There were versions for the Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC,
TurboGrafx-16, and IBM compatible PCs. It was later, those versions were developed by
Ark Developments and they had four months to make the conversions. So they were okay.
Basically, they had to redraw everything from, well, a few things from hand. The shop was done
by hand and the computer aspects were redrawn with deluxe paint and the frames were digitized
from the arcade's version with this DigiView Gold device. So they tried. They all needed a
joystick to play. Could not be played with a keyboard except for the IBM PC versions,
ZX Spectrum, and Amstrad CPC versions. You rotated the character by holding the fire button
while pushing the joystick. But it did okay. The ZX Spectrum sales, it was number two behind Robocop
which was pretty much number one for the entire year. So there was a Mega Drive Genesis version
produced by Sega that was released in Japan November 18th 1989 and had subsequent releases in
North America and Europe. They tried really to simulate the controls by having the A and C buttons
do the rotation and the B button for shooting. But they made sure that both characters had the
long-ranged automatic rifle and only seven of the nine stages were ported in and had an auto
fire feature. In 2008, the Mega Drive version was released on Wii Virtual Console in North America
and in Europe after that. There was a Master System version that came out in Europe and Brazil
because we know how they love the Master System in Brazil. It's a one player only version and
the buttons on the system were just used for rotation and shooting was automatic. The
Mega Crush you would have to just press both simultaneously. The TurboGrafx-16 version was
produced by NEC Avenue and released in 1992 as a Super CD-ROM2 title that had a special three
button controller that NEC only released in Japan. There was an American version by Turbo Technologies
and so basically it controlled very similar to the Mega Drive version. Now the run button on a
standard controller was used for the rotation but it was one player only. There was a version
planned for the Capcom Power System Changer but it didn't get released. There's an emulation of
the original version in the 2005 Capcom Classics Collection Volume 1 for PS2 and Xbox, 2006 Capcom
Classics Collection Remixed for PSP, and then Nintendo Switch and Capcom Arcade Stadium.
The PS2 and Xbox version will allow you to use the analog sticks to control your character's aim.
A 2008 Sega Mega Drive and Genesis version that came to the Wii of course it's
controlled as advertised. So it was as far as reception. The arcade version pretty much
got very positive reviews across the board. The home versions were also very positive but the
Master System one did not get as great reviews. I mean then again it's a very scaled down version
of the game. But the magazine Game Machine listed Forgotten Worlds on their September 1st,
1988 issue as the second most successful table arcade unit of the month. It outperformed Sky
Soldiers and Ninja Spirit. So at the 1988 Gamest Awards in Japan it received the Best Graphics
Award and the home computer versions were, like I said, very well received and got some internal
magazine rewards. So yeah, that is our game Forgotten Worlds or Lost Worlds, the first
game released on Capcom CPS1. All right, I do remember this game vaguely. I know some of these
shooters from the 90s I don't always recall but this one I do remember playing.
This one was very unique.
Something about the space dragons and the dudes floating in the air with their little
sidekick spaceships. Yeah, it's very unique. It stands out.
It's the rotating element for it for me. I don't think anything else was doing that at the time.
So, and, and honestly, I kind of don't see them like even in retro arcades that much.
But if you find one in arcade, please take me a picture of it and tell me where it is.
The closest thing I could think of his life force but it's not even like the same,
you know, like forces salamander but but just Yeah, just like how novel that was when that
happened right so it's like kind of like the first step to that but yeah.
Anyway, good pick classic game of the week.
Break man that monsters poor abs he probably spent hours in the monster gym.
That I think that's just armor. I bet anything that he strapped into that armor and inside he's
like my skin is pushing into my spleen. And then after he explodes he's probably dying from relief
from having that tight armor taken off. I come up with head cannons. It's what I do.
All right. We'll see what head cannon you come up with for a classic game next week. But meantime,
we're gonna do some rap. Actually, that's that's what I that's, that would be a fun
year twist segment. Game that Jamie classic game that Jamie has rewritten the plot to
just be well that would be many games. Exactly. You could do a year full of that.
My whole rewrite of Mass Effect. My head cannons and the special head cannons for Dead by Daylight
and and the Guardian legend where she's, you know, decides to flip everybody off and retire in Boca.
All right. Save it for the segments next year or the year after. All right. Moving on. Let's
check out some other headlines rapidly in a segment appropriately called rapid fire news.
Loki. Yeah, we have the new courses coming for Mario Kart eight deluxe next week. So
booster course pass five. And with that, of course, I think we talked about this when they
haven't attended direct. So Kamek is joining as well as Petey Piranha and Wiggler are three new
characters. Course wise, they're going to have the Cherry Cup, which has the Los Angeles track,
Sunset Wilds from Mario Kart Super Circuit, Koopa Kate from Mario Kart Wii, Vancouver Velocity from
also Mario Kart Tour. And then they also have the Feather Cup, which has Daisy's Cruiser from Mario
Kart Double Dash, Moon View Highway from Mario Kart Wii. They have the Athens Dash from Mario
Kart Tour and then the brand new squeaky clean sprint, which is that bathroom one. Looks cool.
And then, of course, we got another trailer for Mortal Kombat one, and they showed off smoke and
rain as, I believe, cameo characters. Oh, no, they're playable characters as well. And then
sector Cyrax frost scorpion as cameo fighters. Shaping up to be an interesting roster in game.
Um, I might check it out. We'll see. You know, I think those fatalities are like,
but now I don't know. There's a part of me that now I'm just kind of like, I can just
like, my brain can just shut off when that all happens. Like, that's kind of where I'm at at
this point. You know what I always hear in my head whenever I see a fatality? Like lately,
I hear you impersonating your mom. Rob, that's gross. Turn it off. People. Oh my God. Oh my
God. Rob. Yeah, pretty much. I literally do hear that in my head.
All right. Uh, what, what story do you have for us? Um, pole position. Anyway,
um, not to go into the theme song, but, um, there is a, another title coming to the arcade archives
in his pole position, um, which was released by Namco back in 1982. It will be on switch for July,
on July 26, 2023. Um, sorry on the sixth. So it's already out, um, for 7 99. Go get it.
Tell me how it is. Right. Um, something I think a lot of you already got that I just mentioned,
I got earlier today was the legend of Zelda tears, the kingdom. And I picked it up just
in time for the version 1.2 0 upgrade because the game got its, uh, I guess first major patch
this week. I don't recall another one having hit before. Uh, but you know, not that a ton
of things are like changed in the game, but there are a few things, uh, for one, uh, if you start
the game within certain articles released on a specific switch news channel, you can get a
number of in-game items. So it sounds like they built in the capability to get bonus items. If
you read a certain news article within switch, that's what it sounds like. Uh, it sounds like
they got some, uh, progression based bugs. So certain main quests were bugs and side
adventures were bugs. So they, um, updated all that in this, uh, some ferries sometimes
do not appear in certain conditions. So they fixed that, uh, the meals provided by Kiana and
Lurelin village, uh, now will not change. I guess it was preventing the change there or
they will change. They were not changing before. Yeah. Basically this is a bug fix patch and it's
nothing, you know, major, major, uh, but it's still nice to see that they are squashing all
them bugs because open world games tend to have a lot of them. So we'll see what the fans break
next in Zelda tears, the kingdom. All right, let's travel around the world and check out some games
you can pick up this week. If you are so inclined, uh, Loki, what's coming out in the U S.
So we've got a few things, uh, the valiant on PlayStation five and X-Box series.
Mordhau on PlayStation four, PlayStation five, X-Box one and X-Box series.
Oxen free two lost signals on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five.
Atley, our Maury, uh, remake the alchemist of Solberg on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four
and PlayStation five, uh, at zero zombie uprising on PC, PlayStation, five and X-Box series.
Uh, the game that's playing behind me right now, gravity circuit on PC,
PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Toho
new world on PC and Nintendo Switch. And I think that
actually a couple more exo primal on PC PlayStation four
PlayStation five Xbox one Xbox series, and Jagged Alliance
three on PC. That's it.
All right, traveling over to Japan we have I don't think we
had a lot last week we have some more this week. So on the
Nintendo Switch, we have that color cross malice for Nintendo
Switch and a special box limited edition is out at layer
Marie remake. The Alchemist of Salberg is also out on the
switch this week in Japan that is available in a regular
premium or special collection box because we love our special
editions in Japan. You can also get gua monster is out this
week on the switch. Regular limited edition redemption
reapers is out as well. To ho Shinsekai longing for an
alternative world is out again in three different editions this
week. Is that a total game? Um, no, it's t o u h o u. Yeah,
that's total. Oh, um, yeah, that's the, um, that's a whole
big series. Interesting. Okay. Yeah. I don't know if that's a
remake or something new. So, um, bloodstained Curse of the Moon
Chronicles gets a release in Japan this week on the 13th. And
I think that is it for the switch. I'm trying to see if
there's anything that creeps into No, it doesn't look like
it. Alright, let's look at PlayStation five real quick then
and on the PlayStation five we have that same atlier Marie
remake the Alchemist of Salberg is out there. gua monster
also on PlayStation five redemption reapers. A game
called war mongrels is out on PS five as well. ED zero zombie
uprising is out in Japan as well and exo primal also
released in Japan this week on the 14th. How about the UK dark
soccer in the UK just a handful of things on the 11th. For PC
we have the valiant also on the 11th for switch five nights at
Freddy's security breach on the restaurant the 14th so on PC we
have jagged Alliance three on Xbox and PlayStation exo primal
and then on switch guess who food in and dying moon. All
right. That's it. A few more stories for you and then we'll
get to any calls and other questions you all have in our
listener roundtable. But first some headlines from Loki.
Well, going back to what we were just talking about not that long
ago talking about AI voice generation. Well, there's still
more controversy because now people are using voices from the
voice actors in Skyrim to create dialogue for
pornographic mod. Oh, Jesus, that are on a nexus mod. So
they're just training it off of the voices in game so they can,
you know, have the different characters that they voice in
game do pornographic things and have the dialogue to go with it.
So, Nexus mod says AI generated mod content is not against our
rules but may or be may be removed if we receive credible
complaint from an affected creators slash rights holder is
nexus mods stance on that. There were some Twitter posts though,
basically trying to tag the different voice actors and Zen
amax in Bethesda to kind of give them a heads up because they're
not really doing anything.
Yeah, it should be the other way around. It should be that they
can only be published if they have the express consent. It
should not be waiting for a lawsuit or a complaint to come
in. It should be the other way around. Yeah. So
well, that's
I'm wondering though, if part of putting that disclaimer in is
for
ease of control. Because I mean, if you think about the number of
mods that go up on Nexus, yeah, daily,
no, it's it's it's
very well could be a logistic reason.
It's a YouTube approach, right? Like, you know, we're not taking
it down unless we get a copyright claim, that type of
thing. So it's just, but it's it's things like,
people should know better.
Yeah, it's things like this that are going to get the attention
of like, isn't Linda Carter in Skyrim? Or was she in Oblivion?
I know Patrick Stewart was in Oblivion, but isn't Linda
Carter in Skyrim? Like, if she's one of the voices, the OG
Wonder Woman, for those that aren't connected thoughts, I if
her voice is one of these, I can't imagine her estates could
be very happy about that.
Me, she
major loss.
That's exactly it. That's exactly it. You're already
seeing it with the Sarah Silverman thing. It's coming in
games to look at for like this situation, just you wait. Misha
chat says I saw something recently where Jennifer Hale
also stated she didn't want anyone using her voice for that
AI stuff either. I would imagine most people don't. And in a
certain case by case scenario, they may allow like the de aging
thing like you saw with Harrison Ford, who knew that that was
going on with the Indiana Jones movie, or you know, the estate
of Carrie Fisher when it comes to certain things that happened
with Star Wars. But again, that's up to her estate and her
heirs and people to control her likeness and all that to decide
not for the movie creator, not for the fans to decide. So it's
just, yeah. And Dr. Seuss says Yeah, indeed. I've heard quite a
few voice actors speaking out against this. It's it's it as
we're seeing I mean, and I brought it up earlier in the
show too. It's as this gets more and more visibility. It's going
to get more and more legal stuff. So just wait, just wait.
Let's see Questbuster in chat says Patrick Stewart is in
oblivion along with Sean Bean. Yeah, I know that I knew there
were some big names.
There's Sean Bean die in oblivion as well.
Who doesn't? There's some big names.
Oh no, it's Sean Bean. That's his thing.
Oh, I can't see says Linda Carter's an ESO. Oh, maybe
that's it. Maybe that's it.
Yeah, they didn't mention any of those people in here. They had
it's like about 15 different names on here. Or 18 different
names, it looks like. But none of them.
And SSJ 100 Mac is a great example of when permission is
granted. As she says some actors like James Earl Jones
approved their likeness and voice to be used via AI or deep
fake stuff. So James Earl Jones said, Yeah, if you want to keep
like, you know, because he's getting kind of old and probably
can't do the voice the same way used to. So yeah, he gave
permission. If they want to keep doing Darth Vader, they can use
the technology to make it happen. But he gave permission.
That's it. It's as simple as that. So yeah, he's he's in his
90s now. It's not like even if he could do the voice, I don't
well, but then you think about like, God, when when did June
for a do magical dispel like that was she was in her 90s when
that DuckTales reimagined came out. So
oh, yeah. I mean, she she didn't stop until Yeah, her body gave
out. But everybody's got their comfort. He was amazing. Yeah.
And you know, we don't know. I hope and I wish that James Earl
Jones is an excellent health. But I can't say that I know for
sure that that is the case. So maybe he gets to a point where
he can't Carol kept doing things too. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. So all
right. Moving on dark soccer, I guess finally, some closure of
sorts on this story that came up a bunch over the last year.
So um, so of course, um, as we know, Yuji Naka had been caught
again for insider trading. But the judge Hirota Madoka had
decided on a suspended two and a half year prison sentence
deferred for four years. And there are also two fines that
are equivalent of 1.1 million and $14,000 respectively. And
that his actions hurt the quote fairness and soundness of the
stock market while wounding investor trust. He did plead
guilty for violating Japan's financial instruments and
exchange act. And we don't really need to go over you know,
what he did again. Also, though, Sasaki Taisuke and Suzuki
Fumiaki were also arrested for the same thing. But yeah, that's
also Square Enix was working with investigators to try to
catch people. But, you know, Yuji Naka, very, very, very high
profile, and it's looking like even with the suspended sentence,
it he may not actually serve real jail time, although two and
a half years. That's not a long time. No, it's really not. I
have a picture of Dan hanging out with him. Yeah. At E3.
Yeah. So it's I don't know why I keep thinking of Martha Stewart.
I mean, she didn't do a ton of jail time either. But you know,
the whole insider trading thing. It's, um, it's interesting.
Well, how many guys know?
I know. I know. I'm happy that her brand is really recovered
though. Like and name name a better Hollywood pair than
Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg. You can't.
I was just you can't you can't. And the thing is, is that, like
for for her, she turned this shitty experience into sort of a
money making parody event that and that's that's how you stick
it to the man.
But you know, the also the legal system in Japan is quite a bit
different. I mean, basically, you have to prove you're
innocent, not be proven guilty.
Yeah, it isn't the fairest comparison. But it's the you
know, the first thing that comes to mind is something a lot of
people have heard of that was you know, also insider trading.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, no insider knowledge needed needed
here because this news is everywhere. Loki.
Yep. Game Pass Ultimate. The $1 deal is back. So you can now
get that, which is pretty awesome. It's $1 for the first
month. $17 for every month after that, unfortunately. But at
least you get one month for $1.
They want to get you hooked.
It's Yeah, I gotta gotta get you hooked. It's Yeah, for first
time users, of course. That's right. So.
All right. Um, well, lastly, but not leastly tonight, I have
a, I have a story about the Atari VCS. That's right.
Remember, remember that. So let's talk about that. So Atari
is teaming up with a company called play magic, which I play
magic play magic, which I have not heard of, with something
called the poly mega, which I have also not heard of.
But apparently what this whole thing does, so sorry, I'm having
a hard time getting this page to load here.
I'm sorry, this is awkward.
Okay, so what this is trying to do is that they're creating
hardware and software integration between the poly
mega, which is a disk supported system that plays ps one Sega
Saturn Sega CD Turbo, which is a very, very popular system that
plays CD Turbographic CD and Neo Geo CD games. It's all these
systems as their, you know, copyrights and trademarks on the
internal hardware technology, because I think they only last
for 25 years. It's one of these like mega systems that plays all
these things, right. And then there's also modules that will
let you play cartridge games for the N64 SNES NES Sega Genesis
Turbo graphics, again, a bunch of systems that you know, the
stuff has expired some time ago. But the poly mega uses top tier
emulation. And apparently it's only 90% compatibility though.
So that's kind of interesting, but it will also load fan made
patches to do HD graphics or translations or maybe fix some
of these games. So it's kind of interesting. So if you're
looking for a consolidated platform, this will now
integrate with the Atari VCS. The Atari VCS will add support
for the poly mega app and the poly mega remix add on. And so
that means all of the functionality of a poly mega
poly mega will come to Atari VCS owners. And in exchange, I
believe the poly mega is getting some type of official Atari
support with some of the Atari backlog of games that you know,
come out all the time. So interesting, I guess, but you
know, if you're like Dark Soccer and just own all the retro
systems, you're probably like meh. But if you're somebody
that's maybe exploring retro, you know, trying to build up a
catalog, this might be of interest to you. Because you
know, that's a heck of a lot of systems that this poly mega
thing supports. But I'm not surprised. I mean, I feel like
just five years ago, we were talking about like five in one,
six in one, like these retron things, right, that just have
all these cartridge slots. And now we're just seeing that
expand to now the CD systems that the technology patents are
lapsing and all this other stuff. So interesting.
Dr. See, he says, I don't know if the VCS has a disk drive. I
wonder how that's all going to work. I was kind of wondering
that too. Like, do you but maybe if you hook it up to the actual
poly mega, you can read it, but then I don't know why you just
wouldn't play it off the poly mega. I don't know. Maybe it's
because you can do the patching through the Atari VCS. I don't
know. SG100 Matt in chat says kind of on topic. I wonder how
ant stream is doing. They're still in business. I get emails
I get emails from them. I will admit I am no longer a member.
After my Kickstarter period expired, I kind of let it lapse.
I wasn't really using it enough. But they I do get emails from
them every now and again, that they like to announce like new
games that they add to their service and things like that. So
they're still chugging along. But I never really saw like them.
I think the bummer about ant stream for me is that they never
released to this day an Xbox series app as far as that maybe
one came out and I missed it and that's completely possible.
And maybe I need to reevaluate if that's the case. But yeah.
Let's see. I was trying to see if I can actually a lot of
tournaments are what I'm seeing from ant stream lately. So they
do a lot of weekend tournaments and guides and things like that.
I'm not seeing a lot of new games. I have to dig through
their emails to see. But they're still around. I got a marketing
email from them on June 2. So they probably send things on the
first of the month or something like that, or first week of the
month or something like that. Dr. Cs says I think ant stream
is on the VCS. I'll have to log in again one of these days. I
believe yes, they did have a partnership with ant stream on
the VCS. Because I believe that's the only way you can play
certain Atari games through ant stream is on the VCS. I think
you get the entire catalog unlocked. If you are playing
through the VCS. Whereas folks not on the VCS have a limited
catalog or something like that. So but I know like Crystal
Castles is one of the tournaments they were just
promoting in their latest email. So they do have Atari games in
their collection. But you know, I talked about this game last
week. Atari 50 is a really decent collection of not just
2600 games, but like 70 like your 5200 7800 Jaguar like it
has a little bit of everything which is kind of neat arcade and
all that stuff. So kind of neat. All right, well, with
that, we will go to you all if you have any other if you have
any other random thoughts like sj 100. Matt has or questions
for us, please go ahead and voice those in chat. I'll also
check in on the mailbag. I don't think there was anything but
yeah, there was Oh, then I will go to participate at orange
lounge rated calm is the place to send us an email. Oh, yeah,
that's right. Because somebody had said in Discord, which by
the way is at vog network.com slash Discord, somebody had
said in there, did you close your mailbag and they were I
think they were still sending it to the old old old address. So
the the correct address again is participate at orange
entree.com. Go for it. Well, okay, so really vicious too.
And one is from red entertainment. Hello, people. So
I'm on threads. Now what? Stay care of entertainment. Okay,
short and sweet. Congrats. threads. Interesting. Um, you
know what? Obviously, I'm in support of anything that knocks
Twitter down specific. Well, specifically, Elon Musk down a
few pegs. Clearly not supporting Zuckerberg. Yeah, clearly,
that's what this threads thing is doing. So in that I'm in
support. But as dark soccer is referencing there, I completely
understands people reservation with meta. And all that Oh, we
just lost Loki. That's weird. I wonder if he lost internet at
his house or something that doesn't know. There we go.
That was a weird hiccup. Yeah, things happen. Um, but um,
anyway, where was I sorry. Um, uh, oh, with the social media.
So I completely understand the reservations about, you know,
meta and all that stuff. This is why I I personally am enjoying
blue sky the most. But I also understand you have to have an
invite to get on blue sky and they are still a little bit hard
to come by. So yeah, you got to wait patiently handed out mine.
You get one every two weeks. Also just FYI, if you are on Mac
with an M series chip, you can run the blue sky app on your on
your system. Just the one thing is don't push any of your own
artwork on there if you don't want it to be used by AI.
Hmm. Oh, because with the open platform stuff. Yeah.
Uh, yeah. So, uh, yeah, I really enjoy blue sky personally,
because I think this is what here it is, when you put blue
sky next to threads, like I'm on threads, if you if you want to
follow me and Mr. Rob Roberts, I feel like it's a very similar
situation to me for Twitter, is that I have to be there. Because
if I'm not there, I'm not able to promote myself, which I know
sounds really good. But the reality is, well, yeah, we all
know it dark soccer promoting her twitch Loki promoting
YouTube, me promoting a little bit of Twitch and the stuff I do
IRL with hosting shows like the killer clowns thing we did
yesterday. Are you a fan of killer clowns? Loki? Because I
noticed you liking a bunch of course I should have had you
come to the show. So I considered it but I had the kids
and my wife was gone. It's like, it's a huge like schlocky
cinema cult hit though. So I mean, they say anything about
the upcoming game coming out. I was not able to stay for all of
john masari concert, but he apparently had footage from the
game in his concert that he was teasing. And they did say I did
ask a question about, you know, if people want to support the
sequel for killer clowns, you know, they want to see another
one made, how can they support and a lot of them were like, you
know, of course, it's about showing the money and the game
is going to be a huge indicator of that. So please buy and
support the game if you can was like a big thing they were
talking about. So with that, so
there's one other email. Oh, yes, go ahead. And it was just
Brad sending me cats. Oh, no video game chatter for me
tonight. But a while back, Jamie had put out the call for
pictures of listener cats. So attached to four picks when
each of my three kitties rose FEMA and the late great Clara
Jane. And the fourth is Amelia formerly my kitty but now
living the good life with another vogue supporter Sia
Tabiri. Hope y'all have a great show Brad.
I've I always have time for pictures with cats. Pictures of
cats. I have pictures of your cats. You do you have cheddar
or do I need to still send you chatter? I need more any
pictures of cheddar. Okay. I think I have like a couple that
I took but I have to find them. Okay. I can take care of that.
Yeah, sweet. All right. Um, well, with that, I guess we're
not really getting a lot of calls tonight. So I guess we'll
just send you a message. Yeah, I used to say I guess we'll
just kind of start to wrap up. So Jamie, if you have some
stuff you got to do, then I should let you go now. So do you
have any final thoughts for our listeners? Um, I'm actually
going to bust out my vtuber tonight. We'll see if it works.
All right, have fun. Good luck. Later tater. All right. All
right. Well, as I usually say here at the end of the show,
thank you for downloading and supporting orange launch radio
or listening to us live. However you participated with the show
tonight, we definitely appreciate you and your support
of the program. If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange
launch radio, help us spread the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice we need more voices to put out
on air. So leave us a five star review on a site like iTunes,
Spotify, wherever it is you found this show not stitcher
anymore. But wherever it is you found this show, please leave
us a nice five star review. It goes an awful long way. Tell a
friend share a social media link. You can share it on
threads for all I care. That would be that would be lovely
wherever you want to promote the show. Super appreciate that
more Twitch follows are a great thing too. Thanks again for our
500th follow tonight. That's exciting to see. Um, so I think
we can get final thoughts now. So Loki your final thoughts
tonight? I was gonna say that I didn't check last minute
stories. Do you have stories? No, not really. Um, so I was
gonna say that threads algorithm right now sucks. There's no way
to filter out big people that you're not following. Which
sucks. Oh, yeah, we did kind of shift up that quickly. We I
would just say, um, yeah, the algorithm thing is shitty. It's
the same thing they do with Instagram, though. And I
remember when they shifted that and Instagram kind of and
seeing that threads is very clearly built on Instagram. And
I think they've even said like threads is basically
Instagram's code. Um, but you know, obviously reworked for
what they're doing there. Well, they used to have I think
threads used to be a thing they discontinued it like several
years ago, then they brought it back because Twitter was
sucking. Yeah, there was an article I thought about that
they showed that like, Oh, yeah, we're just continuing threads.
That's like from 2019 or something like that. Or 2020. I
remember. I didn't know it was ever around. Yeah, the the lack
of algorithm sucks. But and I never did get to say this
before. That to me is the strongest part of blue sky.
It's not just the fact that you know, it's it's Twitter without
Elon. But it's the the part that's really great about it is
that the algorithms you have custom algorithms, and you can
create your own algorithm. So and other people make
algorithms. So for example, there's an algorithm out there
called queer streamers. And I got added to it. So all my posts
show up in this particular feed. And you can add whatever
feeds you want. But it's not just like, a lot of them are
user base. Like I know there's another really popular one
called black sky, which is the by POC users of blue sky that
are like on their algorithm, but it's not just ones that are
user based. There are ones where it's like this algorithm
will show you posts of cat pictures only, at least that the
algorithm can identify. And it says some other animals sneak in
here too, because you know, we're still perfecting the cat
detection technology. So there are other ways to like see the
algorithms and it is really powerful. And I think and it's
a huge contrast between blue sky and threads, right? Because
threads is shoving the Instagram algorithm down our
throat. And a lot of us are like, we don't want to do
written social media like this. Like it's one thing for
pictures. It's another for trying to stay on top of what my
friends are saying. But the blue sky and the custom algorithms
and like, hey, you make your own algorithm. Or or if you
want, we'll just show you everything chronologically.
Cool. Like I think that's exactly what people want. So
it's great. And yeah, I see I see.
I just have to mute everybody is what I've been trying to do.
But it's it's been a lot. It's because you know, it's like, oh,
here's the NBA and WWE and something like that. I'm not
following these. I don't care. Yeah, I don't care about like
what this local sports team is doing. Like, and it's been like,
I wish it was there was a way it's like, okay, prioritize the
people that you follow first so that you could see their posts.
It's just a mix. It's just a mess.
Um, and well, the nice thing about blue sky again, not to,
you know, shout out for the rooftops, but I am enjoying it.
So I am gonna say and I see many of you in chat going, I
wish I get in by wishing an invite. I know if I had a
million of them, I'd love to hand them out. The reality is
users on blue sky get one invite one invite every two weeks.
So that's why if it's and I there that list that y'all
signed up on, I don't think it's doing shit. I don't think
we'll do anything until blue sky goes public, which you know,
they're still they're still developing blue sky. And the
problem is like that day that Elon banned the word sis or
whatever stupid shit he came up with this week, like blue sky
went down because of all the increased traffic and interest
and you know, people so like blue sky, like they're trying
to prevent a hive social situation. For those that
remember when everybody fled Twitter to hive social for a
week, and then hive just absolutely shit the bed with a
security issue, and had to like shut down the app and never
recovered, basically. I mean, yeah, it's back up, technically,
but on a engagement base, it never recovered. So and yeah,
mastodon, of course, is an option, too. I don't mean to
neglect that. But yeah, that's that's why the invites are slow
to roll out. Because in some ways, it's still not ready. So
they just they need, you know, time to work that all out. So
yeah, but at the same time with one invite every two weeks, it
will it will pyramid its way down to you eventually. It's
just very slow going. So but yeah, I get invites once in a
while, too. And you know, I've been trying to invite people,
you know, as I see them, but yeah, it's local. I let me put
it this way. I haven't even invited Alan yet, so should
show you that there. So. All right. I think that's enough
discussion about social media stuff. We really probably should
wrap up the show. So I think we got your final thought, Loki. So
my final thought is Final Fantasy 16. I want to beat it
this week. I hope I have the time and energy to do it because
work's been very busy, but I'm hoping this week it starts to
back off a little bit and I am able to sign out of work after
eight hours instead of 11. All right. That's it, everybody.
Have a wonderful night. We will see you next time on Orange
Lounge Radio. Have a great week gaming. We'll see you in seven
days. Good night. Have a good one. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge
Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for our live
show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this
program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of
Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were
all still true.
Bye.
