The Switch successor conversation has been steadily growing and it was reported that
Nintendo's CEO stated during a shareholders meeting that,
In the transition from Nintendo Switch to the next generation console, we would like
to make every effort to ensure the customers can make the transition smoothly while using
their Nintendo account.
What does that mean?
That Nintendo is making a new console!
And nothing else set in stone.
This is the news to no one headline, now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie
Summers and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming
news.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 966 of our
show for tonight, July the 2nd of 2023.
I know it's a long weekend for some folks, but we're still here anyway.
I'm here, Rob Roberts, with you every week with my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to the one and only Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, hello.
How are you doing?
We live in the devil's parched dry chapped asshole.
We don't live in Phoenix.
What are you talking about?
No.
That one is the cursed parched dry asshole.
Oh, I see.
I see.
Thank you for the clarification.
Right now it's 101, so it's better than it was earlier, but we hit 108 again today.
Thankfully, it's going to be in the 80s, I think by the 4th, but if you live in a place
with vaulted ceilings, blink, blink, it does not stay cool.
Vaulted ceilings are not your friend.
I was enjoying our nice, mild June because it actually, this is the first year I can
think of in a long time where it has not hit 100 degrees in all of June in our lovely Sacramento,
California where we're all at.
I was like, oh, this is the site of climate change I can deal with.
If that means we're going to have moderate summers, okay.
It sucks about the floods, but you know, okay, at least we, and then nope, nope, here we
are right back to the, you know, Satan's taint or whatever you refer to it as is very much
in progress for sure.
Well, people were calling it like the, you know, damp asshole or like, no, no, no, that's
Alabama.
It's not damp here.
It's not damp.
And yeah, Mike, I understand it's harder where you are, but I mean, going from it having
been no hotter than like 85 to an immediate triple digit is a bit of a fast change and
I am not looking forward to my power bill.
I, it, you can't, it's, I cannot sleep when I'm hot and I also have this thing where I
have to have 50 bajillion blankets on me to be able to sleep kind of like having a weighted
blanket, but not quite.
It's been a very interesting, I'm, I'm, I, I needed help sleeping.
Thank you.
You cancel it.
You can't set your ingredients.
You can't sleep when you're hot.
No, but you're hot all the time.
Oh girl.
Well, I know that, but I mean, temperature wise, I actually, okay.
You know, you know how, how ice cream makes me really sick now.
I didn't care.
I ate an entire chocolate shake.
That was actually, that was me this week eating KFC because I realized the Diablo four promotion
ended today.
And I was like, Oh, I should probably go eat some KFC.
And then I remembered, Oh, there's a reason I don't eat KFC.
And that would be terrible.
The food is the reason I don't eat at KFC anyway.
I liked their fries for a long time, but you know, why could, I mean, I understand why
in your case, but in general, why go to KFC?
If you have a jolly bee near you.
Or even, even Popeyes.
I'll take Popeyes.
No, no, no.
Why?
Why go to Popeyes when you have a jolly?
Cause I don't have a jolly bean.
Yes, you do.
Rob.
It's all the way down near you.
Well now.
Oh no.
The new thing is, um, raising canes is everywhere, right?
Even that jolly bee.
All right.
All right.
It's all about the chicken.
Joy.
All right.
Look, I need a, I need a outside fast food opinion on this and who better to bring in
then tech master Loki.
Hello.
Hi.
Where should I get chicken?
Uh, bonds.
Oh, of course.
You'd say that.
Of course you'd say that's, that's expensive.
That's designed.
It's a Korean chicken place.
Oh, I mean, that's different.
Korean fried chicken is completely different.
I'm just talking about like, that's the KFC I want.
They have the cracked chicken, which I don't know what they put on it.
It's probably cracked because it's white and powdery.
So, you know, but it's, uh, some sort of like dust that they put on it that's sugary.
And I think it's like sugary or parmesani or something.
I don't know what it is.
They won't say what it is.
It's cracked, but like, it's good.
Okay.
Um, I have one place that will last, last message, message that mention of it in Oakland
on Telegraph near the, the, the original, uh, KP market, there's a place called OB town.
It looks like a little former fast food restaurant hole in the wall.
They have the best true KFC.
Okay.
End of story.
Well, uh, another vote for a fried chicken in our chat, uh, from DJ Rama S because we
do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific at the voice geeks
network twitch.tv slash a VOG network right after the Bobby black Wolf show, uh, except
not tonight.
Bobby black Wolf is enjoying the long holiday weekend, but Bobby will be back next week.
And I will be with Bobby black Wolf in Atlanta, Georgia at the end of July for the Southern
fried speaking of chicken, Southern fried gaming expo, which is happening at the end
of July.
Uh, so stay tuned for that.
Uh, but I want to get to do Jerome S who says, cause I do agree with this.
Do Jerome S says, uh, forget Raising Cane's hit up a local Halal fried chicken restaurant,
cheaper and better tasting true.
Some of the best fried chicken.
Okay.
However, that place in Rancho Cordova by the target, uh, is not there anymore.
I know I ate there.
And I was like, that is that, that was as good as the fried chicken at Disneyland.
It really was.
I ate those.
Like that was amazing.
Four weeks later gone.
And I was like, of course, because I liked it.
That's what happens to things I like.
I don't get to keep them.
Yeah.
I'd gone there before because they had chicken and waffles, but they were okay.
They weren't great.
I love them.
I mean, I'm even going to say that I like as much as I love Roscoe's.
I'm even going to say, okay, Roscoe's is kind of up at the top for me because as, as a Southern
girl, I know my fried chicken and I know my soul food.
It's it's chicken.
The chicken from Roscoe's with a big plate of grits is heaven followed only by fried
chicken liver.
If someone will eat it with me.
Okay.
Last thought.
I love Roscoe's, but since you brought up Roscoe's, it makes me laugh because did you
know in the gayborhood, they opened the old spot that used to be hot rods.
And it's now like a brunch bar called Roscoe's, but it has nothing to do, no, it has nothing
to do with it.
It's for drag brunch.
That's what it is.
So it cracked me up.
Cause I'm like, now when you say Roscoe's people think of that place, so can we, can
we go to drag brunch?
Of course.
There's like 50 of them here.
Yeah, of course.
I probably know a performer at every one of them somehow.
It's a small town sometimes.
So well, yeah, but I haven't been to drag brunch in like age, age, age, ages.
You want to do drag brunch?
You want to do drag dinner?
You want to do?
I want to do all the drags.
Sunday best of the week.
We could do a drag tee.
We can do that.
You name it.
Do we get, do we get to spill it?
Yes.
All right.
We spilled tea at the drag tee.
Well, we're going to spill some tea right here at the top of the show because this is
a company that I talk a lot about on the show and unfortunately they hit some pretty bad
news this week, but I think some of us might've seen this coming a little bit.
This is a tricky, tricky topic cause I know people and I indirectly know people that were
affected by this.
So this kind of sucks.
But I have some things to say about it.
Loki, did you want to start us off with the headline and what's going on here?
What I'm referring to?
So Niantic is shutting down their Los Angeles studio and they're moving away from in-house
game development.
The Pokemon Go studio, they're laying off 230 employees.
NBA All World is being shut down.
Oh my God.
It wasn't popular.
That's surprising.
And they're also canceling the upcoming Marvel World of Heroes game that they were going
to be putting out as well, which I mean, honestly, they have way too many games going at one
time.
They said, I guess, in internal email to the employees, they said that the expenses grew
faster than revenue.
And I mean, that makes sense.
We also bear the responsibility for our performance.
Today's highly competitive mobile gaming market requires dazzling quality and innovation.
It's also requires strong monetization and a social core, which can drive viral growth
and long term engagement.
Teams need to need platform tools that force multipliers, enabling them to build at the
highest quality with powerful engagement features quickly and efficiently.
Our AR map and platform must deliver the features that developers want in a robust, reliable
way.
We have not met the goals in any of these areas.
I just think you had poor monetization for some of that stuff.
I don't know.
You're kind of a little too greedy in some areas.
And yeah, lack of innovation.
You keep putting out games that aside from giving a new paint job, they weren't really
worthwhile to play.
It wasn't like Pokemon Go.
They're trying to get that success, but it just wasn't happening.
So I have a few things to say on this because, you know, I've been following Niantic a long
time, right?
I was in the beta for Pokemon Go because I'd played their other game, Ingress, for quite
a long time.
In fact, one of my favorite episodes we ever did of this show was back when we were all
in person.
You might remember at Studio N7, we actually brought some of the ladies that I played Ingress
with in for a show.
I want to say it was in January of one year.
We all were in studio.
That was a really fun show because they love that game.
The sad thing is, though, I think only one of them that was here still plays regularly.
The other ones have kind of, you know, gone off into retirement, but that game has been
around for like, you know, that game is celebrated 10 years, actually, this last year.
So yeah, I've been following this company for a long time.
So I have some thoughts on this for sure.
So here's the thing.
Why is Niantic struggling as a gaming company?
And I would like to share with you my thoughts on the answer to this Niantic is struggling
as a gaming company because Niantic is not a gaming company.
And in this TED Talk, I will explain to you the reasons why I believe Niantic has unfortunately
allowed the scope to grow too big from what they really wanted to do and allowed this
situation to happen in the first place.
Let's start.
I'm not joking, bitch, by the way.
Let's start by going to Niantic's website.
Let's take a look and talk.
Let's see what Niantic has to say about the games that they're making.
Of course, we have an ad for Peridot, their newest game, right?
And then we get down and you expect on a mobile game developer's website, you're going to
see something about their statement about making fun games or making accessible games
or making games you want to play, games as a part of our life.
Well, look, here it is.
Here's the Niantic mission statement right here at the bottom of NianticLabs.com.
What if augmented reality could make us better?
Could it nudge us off the couch for a Saturday in the park?
Could it draw us into public space and into contact with neighbors we might never have
met?
We believe it can.
Join us.
Now, I didn't see anything in that statement that actually related to games.
I saw things in that statement that related to other cool things.
And here's the thing.
I would not support Niantic as long as I have if I did not think they had some good ideas.
And all that stuff in there is cool stuff like, yeah, it's fun to go outside and play,
mix up fitness with gaming.
A lot of that stuff is crucial to me.
So I'm not necessarily razzing Niantic for that statement, but I am pointing out Niantic
did not start out to be a game company.
Continuing on, let's consider who is at the top of Niantic right now.
John Hankey, right?
Now, look, here's the thing about John Hankey.
I actually think he's a pretty intelligent guy and he's done a lot of stuff.
Disclaimer, I once met the guy and I did a Pokemon raid with him, but it was a chance
meeting and so forth with this whole thing.
But what is John Hankey's gaming background?
What are the games that he developed before running Niantic quickly?
You probably don't know.
That's because he made one.
He helped with one.
It was a game called Meridian 59.
That was for the 3DO company.
Yeah, but Meridian 59, well, it is still around today, actually.
So for all intents and purposes, I can't sit here and say, oh, Meridian 59 was a flop.
It was one of the first graphically multiplayer games, long, long running.
It may actually not be around anymore, but the game did have impact.
He was not the only person behind the game, but it did have impact.
That's not what he's known for.
John Hankey is known for Google Earth, Google Maps, Street View, and then some other things,
you know, Panoramio, which is where people are taking the panoramas within Google Maps
and all that stuff.
Now, I love Street View.
I love Google Maps.
And I think that was innovative.
That was like, that was big stuff, you know?
So again, the guy's got the resume.
But when it comes to gaming, it hasn't really worked on a lot, a lot of games.
So where did Niantic come from in the first place?
I mentioned that Ingress was the first game that they did, but you might forget that before
Ingress, they actually did an app called Field Trip.
Field Trip wasn't a game.
Field Trip was a location-based mobile app, which was your guide to cool, hidden, and
unique things in the world around you.
Ingress set out to gamify that because Ingress, as it was, or excuse me, Niantic as it was,
was set up not to become a gaming company, Niantic was set up to take this Google Map
stuff one step further and go back to their mission statement, be a part of augmented
reality and making the world around you better.
Field Trip was the first attempt to map all that stuff out.
Ingress then gamified it to make people want to do it more because Field Trip didn't end
up lasting long.
And then what happened after that?
Ingress got actually a lot bigger in Japan than it even is here, and it caught the attention
of some key people at Nintendo.
And it became, remember, Google Maps, going back to something John Hanke is familiar with,
when Niantic was still with Google, because remember Niantic was actually a Google company
at first, right?
Sorry, I know you could have a whole graph going with this thing, but bear with me here.
So Niantic makes Pokemon Go as a result of the success of Ingress, the ideas that were
there, the Google Maps thing kind of leading to a tihi, wouldn't this be a cute idea?
And sure enough, they did launch this cute idea.
And then what happens after that?
Get too big for their britches.
Pokemon Go gets way bigger than anyone could have ever expected.
Even to Niantic's comments, even to anybody else out there, Pokemon Go got way bigger
than anyone anticipated.
As Mike Deft puts it in chat, remember when we reached world peace seven years ago?
Yes, summer of 2016, it's all been downhill from there in history.
The summer of Pokemon Go was the climax of human civilization.
And then it's been a slow decline from there, the pandemic and Trump and so on and so on
from there.
So Pokemon Go gets really, really big.
And then, of course, what happens from there?
Now it's, oh, my God, we've got lightning in a bottle.
We've got to replicate this lightning in a bottle.
Now we've got Pikmin.
Now we've got Harry Potter.
Now we've got Marvel, Catan, Marvel, all these games trying to replicate the success of something
that I argue can probably no longer be replicated because the world has changed.
And that's how we got into the situation that we're in today with Niantic is that they were
forced, essentially, beyond what they were setting out to do, to be a gaming company.
They were under that immense amount of pressure from everybody, investors and so forth, to
replicate the success of Pokemon Go.
But that's not what Niantic ever had set out to do.
Niantic wanted to get into this augmented reality thing.
And I mean, if you really think about it, going back to Google Maps leading to Street
View, what's one step beyond Street View?
Getting to all the places the cars can't go, looking at where people go when they walk
and mapping when they walk and the cool things they interact with when they walk, which is
literally the gameplay loop in Pikmin Bloom, which was spared from the axe, by the way,
if you noticed.
I'm sure you're really happy about that.
I am because actually, and I do, and I've been very open about this.
I credit Pikmin Bloom coming at the right time with motivating me to lose the weight.
So that's why even though, yes, I'm being a little bit critical of how we ended up in
this situation, I actually do root for Niantic.
I want them to succeed.
I want to see them be successful.
But the problem is they have literally hinged their entire lifeline on that mission statement
that I read to you earlier from their website.
One more thing I want to add to this, Loki already touched on it, but I want to bold
it and underline it.
Why did this happen?
There are internal, I'm reading from the organizational update that Loki cited earlier.
There are internal and external factors.
We're in a tough market environment due to the overall global macroeconomics slowdown.
We'll never achieve 2016 again.
Unique challenges in the mobile gaming and AR markets.
I think that's kind of fluff, but sure.
In the years since Pokémon GO's launch, the mobile market has become crowded, imitators,
knockoffs, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We also face an AR market that's developing more slowly than anticipated because the technology
changes and because larger players are slowing down their investments in light of the macro
environment.
I think that's trying to say that people were going outside less during the pandemic.
I think.
We also bear responsibility for our own performance.
Today's highly competitive mobile gaming market requires dazzling quality and innovation.
It also requires strong monetization and a social core, which can drive viral growth
and long-term engagement.
Games need platform tools that are force multipliers, enabling them to build at the
highest quality with powerful engagement features quickly and efficiently.
Bold this, underline this, italicize this.
Our AR map and platform must deliver the features that developers want in a robust and reliable
way.
Isn't that interesting that that ultimately ends up being the emphasis?
Not.
We need to make better games.
The game loop is the re- you know, the, the, the, um, the monetization needs to be fun
and the game needs to be, uh, you know, things that people want to play and it's a competitive
environment.
Yes, that, that is what went wrong, but that is not what they illustrate as what they need
to do moving forward.
And to be fair, NBA world, all world got the ax.
Why did that game get the ax?
It sucked.
I'm sorry.
Like, and I, again, I know people in Antigon, I'm sorry to be a bitch, but the reality is
like, again, either, either invest in that statement that you've got or don't.
And when you walk to your neighborhood park to play a mediocre single player cell phone
basketball game for an arbitrary control of a basketball stadium that fits in with
neither a fun game or your earlier mission statement.
And there's the other extreme.
And of course it's the pink elephant in the room, Niantic disabling remote, excuse me,
not doubling remote raid passes, limiting them to five a day, consistently basically
telling the Pokemon go fans, no, we're going to do what's best for the game.
And do you know what are the most interesting comments I saw to that whole situation when
Niantic literally and continues to in a defiant Reddit CEO kind of way continues to dig their
heels in about nope, we're going back to the mission statement is that the comment I saw
was I have never seen a company so beholden to their mission statement that they are willing
to leave money on the table for it.
Well then also on top of that, like as you mentioned a them walking back all the changes,
one of the other things that they just did recently is they walked back the distance
which you can capture Pokemon from 80 meters to 40 saying that it was an unintended effect
and a bug.
You know, this this great feature that you know, could be seen as, hey, you know what,
we understand that there's people with mobility problems, and we want you to have fun.
More like, oh, I'm sorry, we can't make as much money off you because you know, we want
you to buy those incense and stuff.
So well, now we're going to just drop it back down to see if that will get you to pay us
more money for it.
Yeah.
Now, here's here's the thing and you'd probably like me to get to the fucking point already
because I've been talking about this for a while but I wanted to set the stage for this
and you know what, make make it very clear to you Niantic is torn between the AR thing
and making the games that are fun and have the whole like, gameplay loop and all of that.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
And yeah, yeah, Rob, it's easy to run a video game company.
Why don't you try running one look, we've been following this industry for 21 years,
I'm just going to offer my humble opinion.
And I'm trying not to do it in a YouTube or podcast sensationalist way.
I'm trying to do it in a realistic way.
And my suggestion would be, you need to take the cue from epic games, you need to take
the cue from some of these other Unity and Unreal.
And here's what you need to do Niantic, you need to separate.
And you need to do both.
You need one company to handle the games.
You need one company to handle lightship and AR and Wayfarer and that type of network.
You need to split just as you split off of Google to achieve your vision.
Because as you see, it is too difficult for one company and one CEO to do both.
So in my opinion, that's what Niantic needs to do is they need to split meaning there
needs to be a new CEO, a new top person in charge of the game with some game development
background and experience, who hopefully can dig them out of you know, some of these holes
and listen to because there's very clearly a conflict and you see this bolded underlined
highlighted with what's happening with the Pokemon go and the consistent rollback of
the changes.
Every change they're rolling back in Pokemon go is in support of the other half of Niantic.
And what Niantic believes is the future the AR dev lightship and taking Google street
maps one step further.
That's it.
So Niantic can either go all in on that and Pokemon go will probably last a little while
longer, but the steam is starting to run out.
I have not opened poke Well, I opened it but like I have not played Pokemon go in a while.
I think I uninstalled it a lot of people a long time ago.
So I mean, it's first of all, I also think it's very boring.
There's like, it's just repetitive over and over.
But on top of that, I mean, with the way that they've been behaving, I haven't really had
any desire to play any Niantic game.
It's just I don't want to be and the thing is, is that they don't listen to their player
base and do the things that are going to keep people engaged and keep, you know, I mean,
there are people who like Yeah, I want my shinies.
I want to do this.
I like doing this one aspect of it or there's, you know, I'm not gonna
say that there's not anything for anybody in the game.
But from my perspective, me as a player, I, there was nothing to maintain engagement.
Let's go to chat for some comments over at twitch.tv slash vog network as 100 Matt says
Niantic is not a game company.
And if someone goes to buy Niantic, they're not buying them for games.
It will be for their AR geolocation tech will someone almost bought them for their games.
I know we all saw that floating around the news.
I know we have something coming up later in the show about, you know, Microsoft's potential
acquisitions, but I don't think I'm spoiling things too much by saying Niantic in fact
was on that radar, which kind of made me giggle because when the whole Pokemon go thing happened,
I kind of joked and I said, Niantic needs to be bought out, although they're not going
to be I had no idea Microsoft was actually exploring that opportunity, but ultimately
decided to go a different direction with the Activision Blizzard decision.
Let's see, Mike Deft in chat says, but yeah, it's baffling how Niantic is willing to be
so fucking stubborn while the community wants them to change or at least adapt to the current
world because Mike Deft it's in conflict with mapping the world and getting the AR data
and getting the 3d scans of pokey stops because I'll tell you what, in Ingress, they finally
incorporated this whole thing where the scanning of the locations you can now hack cubes in
3d and this whole thing to get more gear.
It's kind of messy in the way it works, but I guarantee they're trying to do something
similar with Pokemon go and it will come in the next couple years where all those portal
scans that sort of thing.
They're going to try to get you out to those places to do, you know, an interact with the
Pokemon for whatever kind of reward.
I don't know what what they're going to dream up, but we'll see.
Every step backwards that Niantic has taken and Pokemon go, they see it as a step forward
for getting people back out there to collect the AR data.
What they are not remembering is that people are not going to be motivated to go out and
get the AR data if everybody else decided to say, screw it.
And especially on a day like today where it's one hundred and eight degrees outside, you
know what?
Screw it.
Did it?
Did it?
Let's see.
I think there was one other comment I wanted to read here.
S.H.O. 100 Matt says, and invest in a fucking PR and community management team.
Here's the sad part, Matt, who do you think lost their jobs?
But I'm going to guess those people all suck.
In fact, I don't know how much I should say I'm very confident those individuals know
damn well what everyone on the Internet is saying.
Do you think maybe, as tends to happen in the gaming industry, there was someone up
above them telling them, no, this is the message you need to run with the message?
And what's the message?
Get out there and go raid with your friends and make make friends from strangers and play
in nature, because that is our mission statement.
So it's not that they need a PR and community management team.
They had one.
They need it back.
They need management, a mission statement, a corporate culture that supports that before
anything else.
And the only way that's going to happen at this point, as I said, is Niantic to split.
Or hanky leaves and someone else comes in.
But I don't see that happening.
And again, it feels weird to me because I don't necessarily dislike John Hankey.
I think he's very intelligent.
I think he's contributed a lot to this.
I think in this particular circumstance, he is running a company he doesn't want to run.
And that's my final answer.
All right.
There's no other comments on that.
Thank you all for indulging my TED talk.
But you knew on this one, you knew on this one, I'd have something to say.
All right.
But let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of things you want to say.
So let's get into our gaming weeks.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was all right.
I, of course, played Dead by Daylight.
I actually played some Killer by myself offline.
And I'd been playing with Fixie and Shayla offline for the anniversary stuff earlier.
And I'm liking the anniversary stuff, but matches have been weird because it's been
either completely fun farming people and assholes.
There's no in between.
The sweat has been dripping off of killers and it is rancid.
And then some smell like sweet petunias.
But of course, I'm not super happy with all the cosmetics, but I'm a whore for the cosmetics.
And then I have been, of course, on my wordscapes, talk about repetitive, but at least it's something
that stimulates my brain.
Also Midnight Suns, I'm getting a little bit, I mean, I love playing the game that's sort
of like my mindless fun, but I don't know, maybe it's time to go back to the retro games.
I haven't decided.
And of course, Cult of the Lamb, I'm thinking about going back and playing into some of
my backlog.
And I actually also did download Unity for reasons.
So we'll see what comes of that.
But mostly it's just been my usual ones.
Oh, we should be getting, I think we should be getting Reared Owl this month or next month.
Something like that.
Yeah.
And I played something else and my brain is like, you can't think of anything else that
you've ever played in your life.
So I'm just going to leave it at that.
Oh, yeah.
Dig Dug.
Fun.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm going to go to you, Loki.
But first, a lot of folks in chat have been taken by the game playing in your background
tonight, which I believe I read about this somewhere on the internet, but it's like a
newer version of ET.
So you have video that runs behind you as we're taping live on Twitch.
And this definitely looks like a sequel to ET.
Tell us a little bit about this game you've got running behind you.
I saw this in a tweet from Scott Rubin.
You know, love Scott.
It is an itch.io game called, but that's, you know, it's easy to understand.
Yeah, it's called ET Returns.
It's basically ET in the style of Vampire Survivor.
So it's a shooter game that you have to survive hordes of enemies coming.
They're all Atari 2600 enemies.
So if, you know, we've got lots of different things in there, but yeah, it's free.
You can check it out.
I'll post the link here in chat.
And yeah, it's pretty fun.
So aside from that, I played, was it Proto Corgi this week, so I actually did play some
things.
That game is awesome.
It really is.
It's like under eight dollars right now on the Steam, and it's such a really good like
classic side scrolling, shoot them up type of game.
And it has a Corgi and it barks and it's super cute.
It's done in like an anime style, like with the intro and everything.
Highly, highly recommend you go check it out, especially in the Steam store.
Yes, exactly.
And it's just it's such a good game.
It really is.
The music, everything about the game is fantastic.
And it's like under it's well under ten dollars right now.
So like absolutely go pick it up.
Aside from that, just Minecraft stuff.
So working on my build right now, I'm almost I have it all designed.
I'm actually building it and hoping to have an episode out this week.
We figured out when our next season starting.
So that's cool.
And then.
I don't know, I got very busy, thanks, like, you know, forever, but I'm very, very busy
specifically in the next two months.
So yeah.
All right.
That's it.
Oh, oh.
And I almost forgot.
I also bought a a build your own pinball kit.
And it's like a little tabletop pinball game.
Yeah, that's pretty fun.
It's all out of wood and stuff.
There's a there's a guy who sells a couple of different things like that at some of the
big expos, and I've been curious about the wooden one.
Let me know if it's fun.
Yeah, I'll have to see it.
You know, as far as assembly goes, it's all like, you know, you put push everything together.
I did kind of break one of the tiny little like pegs that you have to put into like adhere
something to it.
It's going to be like some hot glue being used, but you're supposed to be able to put
it together without having to use hot glue.
And it comes with like all the tools and everything for you.
It.
Yeah, not exactly the theme I would want.
It's like circus themed and they have like circus music that plays over it.
And so thankfully you can turn it off.
But yeah, it has all the electronics and everything for it as well.
So I'm very curious to see how it ends up playing.
Cool.
All right.
Let's see.
Let's go into a chat room over at Twitch dot TV slash Vogue Network.
Tiger class says he posted that first and then Scott posted it and credited him.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't see it.
I mean, what?
I didn't see a tweet on Twitter.
I wonder why that is.
It's not because that's a big dumpster fire and even more of a dumpster fire now with
our, you know, rations of tweets per day.
Thanks.
I know.
The advertiser supported what is that guy doing?
He has no business.
But when you have all that kind of money, like, but at this point, anyone willing to
travel to Mars for that man is a fool.
But I just like, I just like, well, like, yeah, yeah, like it's weird.
Like the age that we're in right now, it honestly feels like the Internet is falling apart to
a certain extent.
Like, first you have the nonsense going on with Reddit, which sucks because I did use
a third party app to view Reddit.
And I've tried using their app to view it.
It's awful.
It's really bad.
It's really.
So, OK, I'll make this really quick.
So Reddit basically is trying to do an IPO to do a dissertation like the one I provided
earlier.
But so we're going to try to try to make it very quick.
They're trying to do an IPO so that they can make more money.
And I guess so that's spaz the owner of Reddit or CEO or whatever can get out of the company.
So they're trying to make it, you know, valuable for their shareholders, potential shareholders
to invest in the company.
So as that they wanted to stop third party apps because there's a potential that they
could block ads and some of them may have blocked some of the ads or posts or whatever
that they had.
But that's not only what they did, though, they also provided like, you know, accessibility
stuff.
They made it a lot easier to view things.
They were a lot more performant than Reddit stuff is because Reddit auto plays their official
app, auto plays every single video that's on the page as you scroll by and it uses a
ton more bandwidth than the other apps, which is annoying.
So they did all that stuff.
So the way they got they shut down the third party apps, as they said, instead of it being
free to access stuff through the API, we're going to charge you X number of dollars per,
you know, number of views per user or whatever.
So it ended up being like, for example, I think Reddit is fun or Apollo one of those,
I can't remember that they said it would cost them like $20 million a year to run that through
Reddit, whereas they're not making that kind of money.
So essentially, he each really made it really expensive for them to run these third party
apps.
So essentially shutting them down.
Along with that, though, there's been protests, you had people blacking out like different
subreddits in protest.
So what he did is he took those mods and kicked them out.
And he's now opening them back up.
He's basically forcing this stuff open.
But then there's other reds are protesting by like posting pictures of john Oliver, which
is funny.
I love that.
So, you know, so they have that stuff.
But it's just it's a big old mess.
There's companies leaving like the Minecraft devs stop putting stuff on there now.
So they've said bye, we're not doing we're not posting on Reddit anymore.
So you have that they have GIF cat, which is another site that was used a lot with Reddit
to post all the wonderful GIFs on there.
They're shutting down September.
So all of the stuff that's on there, all of that's gonna be gone all these broken links.
Awesome.
And then you have Twitter doing Twitter things.
So it's like, all these different platforms and social media and stuff are just like kinda
say, Okay, well, where are we going next?
Because like, same thing happened way back in the day with like digging stuff like everyone
I was gonna say, I don't think the internet's dying.
I think it's evolving.
You know, and I understand that there's a bunch of websites used to be part of our daily
and you just named one dig.
Live Journal, of course, is what we've been talking about lately.
You know, I met my husband on Live Journal, fuck, probably all of our relationships and
OLR like was enhanced because of Live Journal and the deep, you know, relationships that
you could really build on that website, but obviously, it's long gone.
I mean, it's, it's there in name, but only in named, let's be real at this point.
It, it really actually still functions exactly the same.
It does.
But, you know, number one, the fact that it's, you know, Russian owned in this, you know,
global, you know, world, yes, it is an issue, fundamentally, it's the same app, people don't
know what's going on behind it.
Yeah.
And a lot of, you know, people's tastes, you know, evolved to what was going on with, you
know, Twitter, Live Journal, but then of course, where did face or excuse me, Twitter, my Facebook,
but where did my space, you know, lead to Facebook and that type of stuff.
And of course, my space then went under, you know, and, and there's, there's lots of websites
that, you know, they come and go.
And honestly, Twitter's, if you want to see what's going to happen to Twitter, look at
Live Journal, functionally, it will still be the same.
But by that point, everybody will have left.
So except for maybe one random country that decides to embrace it, like it's, or the new
owners decide to invest in that, you know, or whatever.
So it's sure.
Yeah, I know.
It's not like the end of the world.
It's just the inner.
It's like some of the parts of the internet.
It's just it makes it less convenient for things, I guess.
It's not like, you know, it was, I don't remember too much with dig because that was a while
ago.
But it was pretty obvious like, okay, while going here, like, now it's like, what if I
have a FARC?
That was the website with the Photoshop contest.
That was the one I don't think I've ever heard of that.
Really?
I think it was around the same time as dig.
But yeah, I'm sure it'll all be fine like, you know, things will fall in place wherever
they are.
But like, I don't know.
It's just, it's interesting that it's like all happening at one time like it's, I don't
know.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank gosh, someone else remembers that fifth dream in chat says I used to go there all
day.
All right.
Anyway, moving on my gaming week.
Sorry about my gaming week.
Obviously, I don't have a ton to talk about because I've still been playing Final Fantasy
16 all week.
And yeah, pretty much everything I said last week hasn't really changed.
Love the story.
Love where it's going.
Very interesting side quests, surprising amount of depth in the side quest.
I was really there's a couple that really I was like, wow, this is this is some deep
stuff in these side quests.
So I was really impressed with that.
But the only you know, again, kind of going back to you know, is it a perfect game new?
There's some things where it's showing its weakness.
I'm not sure it's a 10 out of 10 game.
It's probably a nine out of 10 but but some things holding it back.
Like, honestly, the shop and the crafting system feel like they're only there because
they have to be.
There's no real sense of choice in either of those systems or freedom or interesting
things going on with that.
So you know, that's that's my biggest thing where I'm like, why is this even here?
This feels tacked on because like somebody would complain it's not a Final Fantasy game
if it doesn't have shops and Gil and all that but like literally I'm hounding Gil with nothing
to spend it on, which I find very interesting.
But at the end of the day, it's more about the story, the gameplay, the experience and
all of that has been really stellar.
So that's my thought on that.
But that isn't the only thing I've been playing this week.
I've been playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight, honestly, because I've been trying
to stream and or record all of my 16 gameplay.
I have it all archived on my YouTube channel at this point, either my streams from Twitch,
or side quest stuff that I just recorded, I didn't stream, it's all on my YouTube channel.
But you know, sometimes I want to play something else.
So I've been playing a little bit of Dead by Daylight.
But also, randomly, because it was on sale on the PlayStation Store, I forgot that this
game had come out and I actually kind of wanted it.
I bought today the Atari 50 collection, the 50th anniversary Atari that actually has a
pretty good lineup of like 2600 games, arcade games, and yes, even Jaguar games.
So you know, the first game I played several for a little bit was Tempest 2000.
And I got my super zapper recharge.
And I remembered how awesome that game was, because that game is fucking fabulous.
So that was, yeah, that was a good good time.
You know what I should do?
I should send you like all of the the rips I made off of the Sega Saturn disk.
Actually that might be it was all it was all Redbook.
That might make for some fun, like raid and bit donation, you know, Twitch ambient noises.
I bet super zapper recharge would be a fun one for something maybe a new follow or something.
So I yeah, I it's great.
Darja says the museum stuff is so in depth.
It's wild.
Yeah, I started to browse it a little bit.
It is kind of like, it's like fucking Microsoft and Carta, but all about the Atari and on
the PlayStation.
It's like all of these things to read about.
And I was reading, you know, obviously, it starts at the very beginning.
So there was some stuff on computer space.
And there's an interview in there where the guy, one of the target guys talks about that
he tracked down just a few years ago, like 15 years ago, the very first computer space
machine that was ever made, he was actually able to find it, you know, where he found
it, Dixon, California, in a warehouse, really, it was it was sitting there and he talks about
like, the yellow, like, because the guy apparently was selling them for like $5,000 each, and
there were all these different colors.
He's like, Where did he get these?
And then he took a friend that I mean, it's all under the collection.
And it goes, he goes, I realized this was like the Atari co founders actual collection.
And this was computer space.
The yellow one was the very first computer space machine.
So he bought it and he has it for himself now.
But I that cracked me up because he's sitting there going, Yeah, we found it in Dixon, California,
which is a little, you know, pullaway town between San Francisco and Sacramento.
I'm like, I know exactly where Dixon is.
I've been there way too many times.
Unfortunately,
that's also where Pinagogo is.
The pinball thing is.
Yeah, I still do Pinagogo.
Yeah.
And I can't go because it's corn season.
Yeah.
So.
But yeah, so it's interviews like that, you know, that, that make it very interesting.
So they put it together like an interactive documentary.
It's pretty cool.
And of course, the games in there.
I also played a little bit of the yards revenge reimagined.
The only thing I don't like that's happening is that Atari is like going in like all these
different directions.
So they released like a yards revenge reimagined on steam recently.
This is not that this is like literally the, you know, 4k cartridge from the 2600 but completely
redone with like, like new graphics but in the style of old graphics.
It's hard to explain.
It looks really cool though like and I enjoy playing it because yards yards revenge to
this day has solid fucking gameplay.
It's a good game.
So it was fun to go back and play it.
So yeah, I think there's a lot of games in the collection.
I think it's I think it's well done, you know, especially for whatever it cost me being on
PlayStation Plus $27 or something like that was a really good deal and I bet this game
will come down to $19.99 I'm sure at some point, I think that would be the sweet spot
for a lot of people.
So yeah, I think Atari 50 is worth checking out.
If nothing else, go play those Jaguar games.
None of them are very good except tempest 2000.
But it's a it's a good trip down memory lane.
And honestly, tempest 2000 is worth the price alone.
Like it's tempest 2000 plus a lot of other cool games.
So I'm doing something for you right now, Rob.
Oh, just for the sake of our listeners.
Okay.
So give me a second.
All right.
I'm making sure that you get this.
Okay.
Because this is why everyone in the universe needs the soundtrack.
All right, and I did it through discord.
So you're welcome.
Oh, um, I can't hold on because this is just I can't exactly bring up the discord easy.
I thought that you were in.
Nevermind.
Don't worry about it.
I actually have the the first big track apart from the intro for tempest 2000 in my collection.
Okay, wait, hold on, because what I can do.
Let me quickly do I didn't mean to completely derail things, but I figured people need to
know Oh, girl, when don't you derail things on this program?
Hey.
Okay.
Okay.
So what we can do is we could have found you a Oh, there we go.
Um, except Oh, shit, now I do this as classic game.
Now I can't access discord.
I have to do that real quick and drag it over here.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this is really good quality.
This is better quality.
I think that's in the that's in the actual try 50 collection.
So I know you guys can't hear it through discord but listeners can hear.
This is the actual like 90s techno mortal combat.
But this is this was 1996 97 around then maybe earlier than that, but I mean, this is what
I was listening to in college when I wasn't listening to Radiohead.
If I listen to this in the car, I'm going to pause this now and go back.
If I listen to this car, I in the car, I would drive very fast.
I would drive very, very fast if I had to listen to this for sure.
So yeah.
These were the ones that were ripped off the Saturn disk.
Because the Saturn disk was all red book.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Tempest 2000.
Fun game.
All right.
With that, let's get into some news.
We have some headlines to tackle tonight.
And of course, the ongoing courtroom saga that we've been talking about for months and
months and years as the acquisition turns as the acquisition turns.
What's the latest Loki?
So Sony or Microsoft says it's Tony's fault that we have console exclusives because, yes,
it says if it was up to me, I would love to get rid of entire exclusive or entire exclusives
on consoles.
But that's not for me to define as a low share player in the console market, Nadella said.
The dominant player there, Sony, has defined the market competition using exclusives.
So that's the world we live in.
And I have no love for that world.
I don't believe that.
Wasn't Nintendo doing it first anyway?
I don't know.
But I also don't believe that.
So you know.
Yeah.
I'm like the idea of exclusive goes back to honestly, the Atari and the Intellivision
and all the systems that were out at that time.
All these companies are making the combat was an Atari exclusive.
They both do it.
Yeah.
They both do it.
It's not just like because I think what was it?
Tomb Raider was an exclusive on Xbox for a year as well.
Second one was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe the third one.
One of them.
One of them was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's like it's not just like a Sony thing.
I don't know, like it's so dirty, like I just want this to be over with already.
Like I'm so sick of it.
It's just it's pathetic to hear these companies going, well, it's just not fair that you do
it that way.
And then I do this and it's just not fair.
The world is not fair for us multi-billion dollar companies.
I think another way to put it is incredibly transparent how the lawyers are twisting shit
to get what they want.
Of course.
Of course.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
They're going to make the argument.
And I hope.
Which is what our legal system is founded on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I hope.
Who can argue that?
However, you know, FTC.
You know, I hope that our government is smart enough to see through that, but.
Are they?
Are they?
Will they, though?
They're like, well, they said that Sony does it, so I guess I have to believe that face
value.
Sure.
I'll take the word for it.
I trust everybody.
100 percent.
I'm sorry.
I'm I'm I'm laughing.
There's something else, too, that I referred I'd referred to earlier, like because Niantic
was a part of this.
Right.
Yeah.
So then there's also some emails that came out talking about different acquisition plans.
So Microsoft, of course, in the buying mood of different companies, they had looked at
purchasing other companies outside of Activision Blizzard before settling on them.
So for example, some of those included Sega requiring Bungee Niantic, IO Interactive and
Zynga to help bolster its Gains Pass service.
They said that we believe that Sega has a well built or built a well-balanced portfolio
of games across global segments and global geographic appeal, and that will help accelerate
Game Pass both on and off console.
All I'm saying is it's still not too late.
You know, you could still purchase Sega as well.
I mean, I don't know if this all falls through.
And like, they're just going to go, OK, fine.
You know, it's kind of like going on that like.
Like retail therapy after a bad breakup or something like that, it's like, well, you
know, I got to make up for retail therapy, but I guess I guess I'm just going to have
to purchase some more companies then, you know, I mean, all those all those Microsoft
buying Sega rumors came from somewhere.
Microsoft may not have bought Sega, but they definitely deepened that relationship.
I mean, hello, Phantasy Star Online, too.
Like the whole reason we have that is because Microsoft kind of stepped in to make that
happen.
Right.
So, you know, there's that.
So yeah.
It's interesting to see that some things did come of that whole situation.
Right.
So, yeah, I'm surprised they found value in Zynga, but I mean, you know, it's cool.
Yeah.
Somebody did.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about Blizzcon.
Blizzcon's coming back.
You know, we haven't had Blizzcon in a few years.
You know, the pandemic happened and, you know, a lot has been happening with Activision Blizzard.
I don't need to go back and talk about it.
But obviously, they have not been in the public's favor as a result.
But things are, you know, as we start to learn that that exists everywhere in the gaming
industry and we sort of accept that, you know, at some point, Activision is going to get
bought by somebody and Bobby Kotick is no longer going to be in charge, let's hope for
God's sake.
Someday.
Hopefully.
And that Blizzard has kind of had some wins on their hands lately, like Dragonfly, pretty
good WoW expansion, better than the other recent ones.
Diablo 4, really fucking good the way it turned out.
So Blizzard has been kind of winning stuff lately and it's been winning back some of
their fans as a result.
So Blizzcon is going to happen and it will be priced at $300.
If you would like to go to Blizzcon, you'll get access to all halls, the Blizzcon store
on Thursday, you know, spending money to spend more money, Blizzcon in-game goodies and a
Blizzcon backpack.
Ooh.
Well, you know what, if standing in line doesn't sound like fun to you, then you can get the
Portal Pass, $800.
Games you also access to an exclusive lounge, a separate registration line, a separate security
line, and even early convention entry so you can go run and line up for whatever games
you want to play because they're showing it, which I would imagine, I don't know what they're
going to show.
I feel like it'd be too early to unveil a Diablo expansion.
Overwatch is in a weird place.
Maybe the next WoW expansion, maybe something's brewing in the StarCraft universe.
We haven't heard from that for a long time.
That's true.
It could be time to talk about StarCraft 3 or something in that universe.
I don't know.
But clearly Blizzard has something they want to show because I swear to God, if they charge
people $300 just to do that year where don't you all have cell phones, it's over for Blizzcon
to be quite honest.
Is it though?
Is it over?
You know what, that's a fair point because most people go to Blizzcon to hang out with
their WoW friends, or Overwatch Diablo friends, but mostly WoW.
Some people just go to Discon.
Which is, is that just Disneyland afterwards?
That's when you go to Disneyland after Blizzcon.
Or the hotel pre-, I went one year, yeah, because Alan and I went to Disneyland, and
then we went to the pre-parties for Blizzcon and the post-parties, but we just went to
Disneyland during the actual con, so there was that.
Let's see.
There also will be a virtual ticket, and it's gonna be free.
Which is interesting.
A virtual ticket is still an optional purchase, I think that gets you the stuff in-game if
you do that.
So that's kind of interesting, but you can watch the livestreams for free because it
would be silly if you couldn't watch the livestreams.
I have heard that there's some weird stuff going on though, where like they're not even
doing the announcements in Hall D this year.
They're doing it in the arena, which means the arena can only hold so many people, and
the rest of the convention center's gonna be for overflow.
So even if you buy a $300 ticket, you may not get to go to the opening ceremonies live.
There's just some weird shit going on with this year's Blizzcon, and I don't know.
But people will have to make up their mind, because tickets go on sale July 8th at 10
AM, the first wave, and the second wave July 22nd at 10 AM.
Blizzcon, by the way, is in Anaheim from November 3rd through the 4th.
I mean, I don't know.
What's going on over here?
Sorry, suddenly a full screen ad started playing.
Sorry about that.
Oh, the Tempest video was still running, and then it ran an ad in the middle of it.
My bad.
But anyway, yeah, I'm curious to see what they're gonna announce to justify that cost.
Maybe a new IP or something up their sleeve.
Oh, Hearthstone has been quiet for a little while.
That's a good point, Fifth Dream.
I don't know if we've seen anything out of Hearthstone for a while.
We'll see.
All right.
I think Dark Soccer, I heard you back, yeah?
Yeah, I'm back.
Okay.
Your camera stopped for whatever reason.
But what is on?
Oh, because I didn't turn it back on.
There you go.
All right.
What's next for you?
So a game that I love, that I actually kind of miss playing with certain people, Among
Us.
We love Among Us, don't we?
Well, it's getting an animated series.
They are working with, actually, hold on, let me just go ahead and, yeah, IndieSloth
is working with CBSi animation to make this a reality.
It definitely, I think, is about time.
I mean, because it was, it's one of those games that came up and rose really sharply
and then it had this really quick decline and then came back up.
And so I'm hoping it has the same sort of weird humor that the game keeps as well.
I want something a little bit more adult and subversive than just for kids.
But I think this is going to be a lot of fun.
I'm looking forward to it.
So just as long as there's spikes going through people's heads and random gunshots and people
being set on fire, I'm happy with that.
Sounds like a lovely kid's show.
I wonder if even there might be like a spy versus spy element to it.
I think.
Oh, I could see that.
I could see that.
Yeah.
As Stuart Hunter Matt says, so glad Owen Dennis working on this, he did a great job on Infinity
Train.
Yeah.
Yeah, it'd be cute.
So we'll see.
We'll see what comes of that.
I wouldn't mind if it was kind of like a dark humor type of thing, you know, where it can
still be like kid appropriate, but it's a little bit morbid, like like the Addams Family.
It's kind of like that, you know.
I would I would argue that.
Well, I don't know.
Yeah, I see it.
Maybe I'm just thinking the Addams Family today, because today I was randomly thinking
of Debbie Jelinski from Addams Family values and how Joan Cusack is the is the the most
perfect supporting actress ever in a motion picture in that role.
Debbie Jelinski is the best supporting actress ever in a motion picture, period.
Did you did you see like my posts on and well, I know that you're not doing the Twitter thing
so much anymore, but I actually wanted to I'd get cut off.
Don't I deserve love and jewelry?
Did you ever watch Wednesday?
I need to.
I saw a couple episodes in the background at a friend's house, but I have it and it
was the dance episode to the one that Yeah.
But I haven't watched it start to finish.
I need to.
But it was pretty good.
I liked it.
You look cute.
It was it was like kind of I don't know.
It was it was pretty good.
I don't know.
It felt like a Harry Potter TV series, but not without the without the transphobia.
Yeah, it's great.
Yes, exactly.
As we were saying, I was going to say and then I also said, so I have to use persuasion
and slides as my two favorite lines, as Joe and Matt says, Infinity Train had a ton of
dark humor, a very deep mystery that was kid appropriate.
OK, sounds interesting.
Could be interesting.
All right.
I want something like Rocky and Bullwinkle way where kids can watch it and laugh.
And then when you go back as an adult who actually knows the history of the era.
Oh, oh, oh, I see.
Tiny toons and Animaniacs were very Animaniacs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Freakazoid.
That's a great humor, for sure.
That takes talent in writing to get that to go off.
And such such a missed opportunity Warner Brothers for not making a live action Freakazoid
movie with Jim Carrey like probably 20 years ago.
Amazing.
All right.
Well, speaking of things that have had to pivot pretty quick, Loki.
Yes.
So Daedalic put out a game, maybe, maybe you can classify it as a game, Lord of the Rings
Golem.
It was awful.
It was absolutely all around awful.
And originally the studio was poised to make.
Golem as a character is not good, too.
I'm going to go.
Let's start there.
Let's start that like the most annoying part of those movies.
Golem is a means to an end in the books and in general.
The most annoying things in that movie who said let's put them in a starring role in
the game.
First mistake.
Yeah, it was bad corrupted hobbit who kills people as you're, you know, well, on top of
that game out of Liv Tyler, she's pretty it the game itself was really awful in the sense
that even with the Golem character, it was just you're in jail for a while and you're
doing jail things and it's stupid.
And that's beyond like if you don't even look at the technical parts of the game, which
it was just awful all around awful gameplay, awful everything.
The game lagged out people's PCs while displaying the credits at the end of the game.
That's how bad it is.
It's so bad.
OK, anyways, so the studio, of course, apologized for the state that Golem was in.
Then, of course, they kind of put out this statement saying even though Lord of the Rings
Golem did not live up to expectations we had for the game.
Yeah, like by a mile.
We are very grateful for this opportunity and learning experience it brought us.
It's a difficult break, but also a new beginning in the long history of Daedalic entertainment.
We value each and every one of them.
Anyways, basically somebody I'm assuming the Embracer group said, Hey, you're making more
games for this because like originally they were going to make like, I think, eight different
Lord of the Rings games.
Yeah, you're touching any more of this property.
So because of they also said that they twenty five of it, like at this point, they're not
even going to be allowed to adapt the book.
Everybody poops like that.
That's just this game company is done.
The only thing that pooped was the game.
It was just it was.
No, the game.
The game was the gas we pass the less talked about sequel.
They were written by different authors, so just part of a series.
And I think I have most of them.
I actually do have the gas we pass and everyone poops and a couple of the others.
And I still consider Go the Fuck to Sleep a part of that that trilogy, even though it
isn't actually related, it is my head canon.
I think there's like six books in the series.
You know, if there's anything that we learn from this game, it's you don't preorder games.
That's what can be learned from this game because you don't preorder games that you
don't know.
That you don't trust the reputation of the of the publisher.
Yes, but to that effect, if we were going to go with that logic, then we get cyberpunk
and you know, we know what happened with cyberpunk.
So it's I think it's you wait for the reviews to come out because you don't really necessarily
need those preorder bonuses because a lot of times it's just nonsense.
Oh, by the way, they also tried to sell DLC with this, one of which added elvish language
to the game, which elves are in the game for such a small period of time.
It's like almost insignificant altogether.
And they added like some moat for Gollum to like swat at flies in a game of single player.
Why do you need a moat at all?
What's the point of that?
Yes.
Disgusting.
Bad all around.
Like a disgusting.
It's awful.
Yeah.
Ah, um, TigerClawn chat raises a good point worth bringing up.
It's unfortunate because even developers make bad games but managed to come back when they
made a good one.
I mean, it is a fair point.
We've seen developers that make bad games, but they come around and they make a good
one.
You know, just because you make one bad game doesn't mean you're gonna make bad games forever.
Case in point, you've got ET playing behind you there.
Howard Scott Warshaw, who made ET made some of the greatest Atari 2600 games around.
We know, you know, if you do your history, you know, you know that, you know, there were
other circumstances at play with ET, such as deadlines and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Y'all know where I'm going with this.
So is a publisher that makes a bad game doomed to always make a bad game?
So I mean, even though we're looking at this going, haha, the Gollum developers, that game
was so bad, we knew this is gonna happen.
No one's like saying, wishing for the game to be bad.
It's just, it was bad.
I think it was even a delayed game that they deleted to make it better.
But it was like, like, how does that even ship?
Like who?
Yeah.
Who?
Who signed off on that?
That's what it is.
Who came up with those micro transaction things that are ridiculous?
Yeah.
Well, they signed off on releasing the game like that.
Like that's, that's, that's what needs to happen.
Yeah.
Micro transactions aside, like you could just play the game and see like, oh, this is not
ready to go.
Like, and I get it.
There's some, some of it might be, well, we're going to get backlash.
Well, we as maybe not the publisher, the publisher is probably not getting backlash.
Everyone's looking at the developer.
This developer didn't publish this game.
A publisher did.
And the publisher is the one responsible for saying, yeah, that's good to go to market.
So like, why aren't we getting mad at, I assume it's the eraser group.
I think that has the studio, like, why are we getting mad at them?
Like because they signed off on it.
Problems right now.
They don't need this on top of that, which, well, they do add this on top of that, unfortunately.
Well, manage your developers better than maybe, you know, you know, if you saw this obviously
was in bad shape for a very long time, it didn't just suddenly happen like, sorry.
It probably should have been canceled years ago.
Yeah.
You know, when it hit one of its benchmarks, somebody should have seen that this was terrible.
So missed, missed it on that.
And then on top of that, like, as you mentioned, like, even at the very best, it's a golem
game.
Like, yeah, exactly.
Take the worst character in Lord of the Rings and make the movies anyway, and make, make
a video game out of them.
Really?
Whose idea was that?
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about Nintendo.
Somebody that somebody that could get away with putting a bad game out there is actually
you want to talk about a studios that have made bad games occasionally, but then come
around and make really, really, really good ones like Tears of the Kingdom or what have
you, you know, plenty of good games from Nintendo.
Nintendo is thinking about their next console.
Of course they are.
They've been thinking about it for some time.
And they actually said in a shareholder meeting that because they were asked if your Nintendo
Switch purchases would carry over to future game consoles.
So the CEO and President Shintaro Furukawa said in the transition from Nintendo Switch
to the next generation console, we would like to make every effort to ensure that customers
can make the transition smoothly while using their Nintendo account.
So it seems to imply that Nintendo Switch titles purchased in the eShop will carry over
to what comes next.
But we don't know that for sure, but at least your account will move over because now you
have that central Nintendo account and you don't have to make like a console specific
account like you did on like 3DS, Wii U and everything else before that.
Everything is now on that Nintendo account.
I'm going to call it right now.
I'm going to say it right now.
100% I guarantee 100% this system will not be backwards compatible with the Switch.
100%.
The only thing that will come over is your Nintendo Switch, your Nintendo online account,
just like it did from the 3DS to the Switch.
100% guarantee it will never be backwards compatible with those games.
Why?
Because they don't know how to do it.
And also because the Switch is so old anyways that they just won't be able to do some sort
of compatibility, even though like the Steam Deck can run it.
I mean, certainly another console could probably pull off emulation for that, but for whatever
reason they won't do it.
It will not be backwards compatible.
I'm not so fast to put my head, hedge my bets on that.
I, you know, I'm looking at a DS 3DS kind of situation.
I think Nintendo knows they have a winner with the Switch and I don't think they're
going to be quick to repeat the mistakes of the Wii U and radically shake up the formula
that's working for them, at least not for this next console.
I do think the next console Nintendo puts out is basically going to be a Super Switch.
I could be wrong.
I think I think the Super Switch or whatever, and this is for lack of a better name, it
will have some quirky new mechanic that separates it a little bit, maybe like a camera built
in.
I don't know why my brain does that again.
I don't know why my camera, I don't know why my brain wants to go to the VR AR space.
I feel like it's a thing like Nintendo's like, I don't know, but we'll see.
But I think it will be some sort of Switch, but with a little something extra.
Well, I had already put out there once that it would be Switch 3D or Switch 3, meaning
it would switch to handheld television and virtual reality.
I know it's a long shot, but I feel like that would be the thing that Nintendo could
do to make the new Switch quirky would be to say it does VR.
We'll see though.
But I think whatever it is, it will support the old games.
But if they do something radically different and come up with a complete different type
of console, then yeah, I'm with you, Loki.
But I think just fundamentally, I don't think they deviate from the Switch that much.
They're going back to cartridge.
Going back to cartridges.
Well, they're using cartridges now in a sense.
So I mean, yeah, that's true.
Yeah, go back to this.
Yeah, go back to disks.
There you go.
Now you got it.
All right, let's move on Dark Sakura.
I put myself down a rabbit hole.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, good news coming up.
So and I actually got into this a little bit with the coworker the other day.
Steam, well, actually, I'll go back.
There's a Reddit post that is hinting that Valve may be banning games made with AI art.
It was basically noticed by the founder of Game Discover Co.
Simon Carlos said that there was a message from Valve
saying it cannot ship games for which the developer does not have all the necessary rights.
And another person wrote that Steam denied their game for utilizing AI tech.
And both of them had in common that some of their assets were AI generated.
So, yeah, they're very quietly banning the games that include AI created art assets.
Basically, if you can't prove that you own the right for the assets that trained those algorithms,
you can't have the thing in there.
No, no, no, no, that's not true for Steam.
You will, it's not necessarily that they can ban you if you admit it.
It's if you can't provide the proof, not necessarily an admission.
But at any rate, the rules themselves don't say anything about banning like AI made content,
as opposed to how they do like blockchain stuff.
But some of these ones have very obviously used AI generated art.
And, I mean, basically, any of us who are artists, you know, or who do graphic design,
or do, I mean, in general, it basically infringes on our potential ability to do this as a living,
you know, if someone can go to an AI generator and say, I need a logo that does this stuff.
What's to say they're not going to get that free logo with their, you know, mid journey account, right?
I now I will say that I have played with it.
And it was hilarious because I came up with Ballerina with three legs.
But I do not support the use of this for the purpose of making a game that you intend to make money on.
If you need art assets, you hire a fucking artist. End of story.
Or you pay for the art that has been submitted to, you know, stock accounts, you know, it's, it's,
well, and on top of that, I will say going back to what Ron Shawn said about artwork with a character with six fingers.
I mean, we did have the Princess Bride with the man with six fingers on his left hand, just saying.
That and Julian had an extra thumb when he was born.
But anyway, but Valve was basically putting out,
and this is a quote on here, unclear if the underlying AI tech used to create the assets has a sufficient rights to the training data.
And that it's also been denying games with AI made text.
So, so there's some people were talking about it being a hoax.
But honestly enough, though, it does bring up.
That. That basically it's something that needs to be a point of discussion.
Yeah, this is coming on top of that.
Yeah, if you are using a third party algorithm.
To generate artwork that you did not make instead of paying somebody.
Who does this for a living.
Then.
Yeah, and I went to a comment from in chat from fifth dream saying check my Twitter for my AI art.
Please tell me where I'm a bad person.
You're not because you're not trying to pass it off and sell it to somebody else.
That's the difference between what's going on here was you're not trying to pass it off as your own art.
So somebody else that's the difference should be very transparent.
I'm fucking around with AI art as dark soccer.
Just said she did too.
So I played with it.
Fuck it.
I did.
You know, I sent really funny examples to people and I certainly don't have a problem with.
Generating it as like an art reference for yourself.
Yeah, number one, you know, I if I can't find a body reference for something that I'm very specifically trying to draw.
Then yeah, I mean using using that as a reference for your own work.
Is one thing, but passing this off as something that you did.
No, passing it off as content for a game that you do not pay for this content and do not have rights to it or the material that supplied it.
The same, it's not yours.
Here's the thing.
It's a cult.
It's, it's, it's an amalgamation of other people's work.
So here's the thing.
So here's the thing.
I think AI is going to be here in this industry as the concept of machine learning.
You know, cause that's, that's basically, you know, we, we keep calling it AI, but it's based on machine learning.
And I think for me, the big question is how did the machine learn?
Because I think machine learning as a development concept is going to stay here in this industry and it's how the graphics are going to get better.
And how we're going to respond to the 8k and whatever else, 120 frames a second, whatever else becomes, it comes beyond that.
We all know, as it is today, games take a long time to develop.
And I think machine learning is going to probably accelerate that process.
But again, it comes back to the question of how did the machine learn?
If the studio developed the machine learning based off their own stuff, their own assets, their own thing to, you know, help them in a, which, which honestly, when it comes to level design, things like that, a lot of studios are already doing.
Then fine.
They built the technology they're teaching, they're teaching themselves how to do a better bed box.
But if the machine learning is coming from Reddit, the internet, things that artists who work for money and stuff put out there that then the machine learns from that's where artists are getting pissed off.
They don't want the machines learning from them.
And I need to actually define, because clearly people don't seem to actually know what machine learning is.
Machine learning starts with a database.
The machine doesn't know anything.
It is completely void and empty.
What you do is you put in existing information that the machine learns from things that it takes from these other sources.
It is not its own information.
It will try to extrapolate what it has from the information that was provided to it as a source.
It is not a human brain.
It does not have talent.
It does not have education behind it.
It is simply a query for a database with some more complex programming.
Fan art, since you bring it up, has zero to do with this.
Nor does fan writing because you can, number one, like Marissa just said, you cannot distribute them as your property.
They are considered works of transformative media.
Meaning that, first of all, they are under copyright protection no matter what Anne Rice has to say about it.
You cannot make money off of them.
It is put under free use and it does not use the thoughts and actions that come from other people.
You are not copying and pasting out of other people's writing directly from a book.
You are creating this scenario from your own mind.
That is a different thing.
If you put out, say, computer, use this data to write this fanfic, then that is a different story altogether.
You are completely, you do not understand what you are talking about, Fifth Dream, end of story.
End of story, you do not understand what you are talking about.
I think that is a little harsh.
Everybody is welcome to their perspective.
But opinions based on a lack of knowledge are not valid.
But Fifth Dream says, explain fan art boost at cons.
And I would say that when it comes to the fan art boost at cons, that thing has been a ticking time bomb for a long time.
But that is not the same as stealing someone's art.
No, it is not.
This is art in someone's own personal style.
But I am also pointing out, what I am trying to point out is that because that exists does not mean it is like completely, I am like, that is a ticking time bomb.
There is going to come a day when Nintendo or somebody, the problem is,
no, well, it is not really a problem.
Because again, I do not think they are a problem.
But what is going to happen someday, nobody wants to be the first company to do it.
But someday, there is going to be a company, Nintendo, that tries to shut that down.
And in the end, false equivalence like you are bringing up is a fallacious argument.
It does not qualify as an argument.
All right, I would say let us move on to something else for time.
Unfortunately, we have another AI story.
So let us get to it.
Yes, this is going to make it a little bit difficult with the whole not allowing AI art on Steam.
Because Unity is officially embracing AI with a couple new enhancements to Unity.
So they have now Unity Muse and Unity Centris.
So Unity Muse is a platform of AI capabilities for content creation.
They said with Muse chat for AI based search now in closed beta and AI powered experiences
at Unity runtime is also now in closed beta.
So based off of like their little sizzle reel that they had, it is generating like images as well.
So from what is a good question, since it has Muse in the title, I assume it is from Muse.
But yeah, Centris, I am not really sure what exactly that is either.
I know some of the complaints I have seen before with some of these is that like, for example,
you are saying generate this.
It is just pulling down assets like 3D models from the web for different things,
which is kind of annoying.
But you know, with that, of course, developers are very wary about what Unity is doing right now
and saying, you know, hey, you know, just to jump on the train, what data set y'all pulling the art
from? Unity fully needs to be transparent about what machine learning models will be implemented
during including the data that they have been trained on.
How the machine is learning.
There it is.
Yeah, I didn't even know that that was that was what was coming.
That's perfect.
Yeah, I don't need this.
I don't see any way machine learning in current iterations can be effective without training
on countless ill gotten data.
Really concerning image generation stuff.
What data sets?
Hi, what data sets was this train on?
You get the idea like this is the type of stuff that, you know, they're obviously concerned with
because as they should be, because imagine you're a developer and you're you decide to utilize this
in your game, you publish your game, all of a sudden you're getting a copyright claim because
some of the artwork that was in there was not acquired by Unity in a proper way.
Oh, now you have to pull your game off of, you know, steam because or you're in legal
trouble because, oh, yeah, it stole from this artwork to make this thing.
So that kind of sucks.
Where I would say that this is kind of what I could be useful for is, for example, if
I'm trying to implement something and it's just racking my brain how to code something
in a certain way, yes, AI would be nice to be able to like, say, hey, I want to write
a function that does this and then have it like spit out something for me and then I
could try plugging in and see if that works and or like, hey, can you write a better?
Can you take this code that I wrote and make it more performant or something like that?
Like, that's where I think this would be useful when it comes to AI generating art.
Yeah, like, I don't know.
They showed an example like animations like make this character do a backflip.
OK, but where is it getting that animation information from?
Unless it's they're doing like their own training and stuff on their own sets of material and
their own like capturing and stuff like that.
I just don't see that happening.
I see them cobbling this together in the cheapest way possible.
I can say this.
And I think fifth dream is finally starting to get the point with what he just said.
You trained it with your own image.
That's one thing.
That's your art.
Now, the thing is, is that I work in tech.
I can't say where I work.
But when like and like what you were just saying, Loki, with the material being used
to fit is provide if it's being taken without consent.
Well, what happens if someone walks into your house and runs off with your PlayStation without
your consent?
It's called stealing, right?
It's.
If it's with your own material or in the public domain, one thing, if it's taking from something
that other people have put their hard work into, for example, creating those animations
for their own games from scratch and another company is using them to build their machine
learning tool, that is stealing.
Let me try my very best to put this another way, and then I really want to move on because
we still have a lot of show to do.
I'm going to try my very best to explain this a different way, and I'm going to use this
show as an example.
So here's to me, here's the difference.
OK, there's a lot of OLR out there.
There's 966 episodes of OLR.
Hypothetically, somebody could feed all 966 episodes of the show into some one of these
little things, and they would be able to develop their own Orange Lounge Radio as a result,
because they could feed all of this show into a database or, you know, an AI thing, train
it the types of things we say, how we say them, how we respond to things.
Somebody could take this show, put it in one of these and churn out their own Orange Lounge
Radio.
And if you were to pass that off and then sell it or claim it as your own, to me, that's
stealing.
That absolutely is stealing.
And on top of that, it's not just, if I may, it's not just stealing.
It's misrepresentation of an entity.
But I want to make sure the other half of this is clear, because this is the important
distinction to me.
If you've been listening to OLR from the very beginning and you're like, I think this show
is great.
I love you guys.
And you're here every week.
To that, I say thank you.
I really do appreciate that.
And you go, you know what, Rob, Jamie, Loki, I'm so inspired by what you guys do.
I want to start my own podcast inspired by you guys, because I just I listen to you and
I think it's great.
I want to do my own thing.
Is that stealing?
No, because you're doing your own thing and we've inspired you.
But at the end of the day, did the machine learn from taking our information and analyzing
it and spitting it back out?
No, your brain, your human brain listened to it, was inspired by it.
But ultimately, you made the ultimate decision at the end of the day.
And so you were inspired by the show.
And that I would say would be okay.
Yes, SheHulk10 says, I'm on Grapefruit Lounge Radio sponsored by Fresca.
That's the biggest thing is that it gets down into the fundamentals
of where the source is, where the source is, and how it's being used.
And on top of that, then going into the ethical side of how is this going to affect people
who do this for their living?
All right.
I think we found a sliver of middle ground there.
So I'm going to take that, run with that, go to the next story.
So let's talk about.
Well, my whole thing is that I just don't think that there was an understanding of the
fundamentals of the idea.
That's all.
All right, let's talk about some Atari reveals.
And, you know, because I talked earlier in the show about Atari 50 and what, you know,
some of the things that they've been doing with that.
And let's talk about some other things that Atari has in store.
They're going to be making some games called Quantum Recharge and Haunted House.
Here's the interesting thing.
Again, there is actually a Haunted House reboot, remaster, whatever in this Atari.
This is yet taking that same IP and making something else out of it.
So, you know, again, if you want to run your own thing through machine learning, that's
fine.
That's what Atari keeps doing.
That's fine.
Okay, bad joke, but I tried.
But Quantum Recharged is, this is going to be similar to Yars Recharge, Gravatar Recharge.
These are the games that already exist on Steam.
Quantum Recharged is this.
Quantum was the 1982 arcade title.
It's a little bit lesser known, but it is an Atari 50.
It's a vector based game.
You use a trackball to get dots and shapes, kind of like Kix, but that's very much a,
yeah, not quite.
And then Haunted House is a reimagining, of course, of the 1981 game Haunted House.
It looks a little more like a Diablo type of game or a Minecraft dungeons, if you will.
It's a little bit more of a, you know, dungeon crawler, which, if you think about it, are
kind of rooted in the original Haunted House game, ironically enough.
So I'm not sure how, I feel like, I don't know if a lot of Atari's stuff like this ends
up being very quality when it is a little bit derivative of modern stuff, but we'll
see.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, because at least they've been hitting and
missing lately, which is better than only missing, which is where I feel like they were
at for a long time.
So I'll give it the benefit of the doubt.
I would like to see how this Haunted House turns out.
Quantum Recharged Haunted House coming to PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Switch, and
of course, the Atari VCS.
Yes, that's still a thing in the press release later this year.
All right.
Oh, geez.
With that, since I brought up Atari, a great chance to take a trip down memory lane.
Therefore, bring on the bump.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
But once a month, Dark Soccer likes to mix it up and pick a non-video game to highlight.
And Dark Soccer, I really think I should just showcase this by playing this little ditty
for everybody here.
I think you will agree.
Yeah, let's start off with that.
I agree.
Let's roll the clip here.
It's some time in the future.
The ultimate challenge.
Crossfire.
All right.
You know what it is, which I swear to God came up on this show not that long ago.
I was like, Jamie, did you pick a duplicate?
But no, it's just this game came up in normal conversation.
I'm pretty sure.
I actually believe that it was this game that inspired me to do this as the segment.
My brothers and I had this, and I can tell you that I almost broke my face open, tripping
over those little ball bearings.
I'm sorry, I don't mean to laugh at that.
I just, the way you tell that story is humorous.
My brothers were using them as ammo for whatever they were playing with.
Oh my gosh.
Maybe transformers or something.
Anyway, Crossfire.
It's a game that was created by the Milton Bradley company in 1971.
This game's older than me.
And basically you have these two pucks.
One of them is sort of spirally and the other one is sort of triangular and you have to
shoot these little ball bearings at the puck using your little shooting guns.
Until they hit the other side.
But because the pucks are also on their own ball bearings, they can spin a little bit.
The original version of it had a very flat play field.
And then the later ones were a little bit dome shaped so that the ball bearings on the
pucks would roll a bit more easily.
But also it could prevent the little balls from, you know, staying on the field and not
being able to be picked up by, you know, the player to refill their little gun.
And then in the 2010s, the re-release just gave it slightly slip to the more shallow
grade that would keep the pucks from sliding on their own as much.
So they've gone through some revisions.
So basically the two pucks, like I was saying, they have a ball bearing and they are made
of plastic and the bearing can spin and roll with that plastic so the pucks will spin around
and move and be more responsive to the hits.
So basically the object is to get either piece to your opponent's goal and the first for
three goals wins.
So, of course, the thing that most of us remember, not necessarily the 1971 edition, but the
1990s commercial that we just saw, that it was the post-apocalyptic crossfire.
And that, wow, apparently the winner in that exchange, I just read this, was someone named
Tim Maynard, a Shakespearean actor who went to daytime soap opera acting.
The more you know.
Anyway, but yeah, the game wasn't as intense as they made it look on the commercial.
Because the problem is that you had to scoop up all the little bearings and put them back
in your gun, which of course, if you're planning to get somebody with better aim, then they're
going to take advantage of the slowdown that you have when you're putting the bearings
in and, you know, send it out.
But yeah, I'm trying to see if I can find a picture of the 1971 version because, oh
yeah, 1971 crossfire.
Rob, can I show you this?
Well, I was going to see if I could YouTube it real quick.
I just sat back down.
Sorry.
I snuck AFK to use the potty, but I'll see.
Yeah, I just found it.
I just found the YouTube video.
Okay.
Yes.
I bet I can probably find it too, but give me a moment here.
We'll bring it up.
Yeah.
Let's look up crossfire 1971.
But anyway, yeah, it's quite a bit different of a creature.
It's very plain.
It almost looks kind of like an old air hockey, you know, table, but
the, the game itself, it has been through all those different iterations of it.
And I can see why they went with this theme when they did in the nineties, cause it is
very nineties, but the one thing that I can't find is what the sales rates were like for
this.
Let me, let me try one other place.
Let me try one other place.
It says actually the average game lasts for 10 minutes.
And yeah, there's, there's no notice on here for, for how well it's sold or anything.
That's a little sad.
I was hoping to find a little bit more about it.
The 1971 one is way less cool looking, but it's very, very 1970s looking like even just
like down to the font that's on the table is very like seventies table game.
Oh, seriously.
And I'm, I'm actually a little bit, a little bit sad that I can't find, you know, what
the sale was like.
I even looked at BoardGameGeek and tried a few other sources, but nah, no one, no one
says, although you can buy replacement balls for it on Amazon.
That's convenient.
Yeah, I kind of want one now, but someone has it on, uh, Amazon for 70 bucks and I'm
not paying 70 bucks for a game they tried to kill me once.
All right.
Game that tried to kill me.
Is that, is that it?
Crossfire.
All right.
There it is.
Am I, is that, and the B-roll, are we done?
Okay.
There it is.
Your classic non-video game of the month, Crossfire.
You're living in it.
That's it.
My next segment for next year is going to be games that tried to kill me.
Maybe I should, maybe I should just do like, uh, games that make me rage.
You still have a good seven months or no, not seven, but five months figured out.
So you got time.
How about all of them?
All of the above.
All right.
A random category, classic game category of the month.
All right.
Let's move on.
We have some rapid fire news.
That's one thing that hasn't changed on the show in a very long time.
We travel around and look at some other headlines real quick.
Let's start with Loki.
Apparently, uh, during, during the Annapurna interactive showcase, which happened last
week, um, there was a brand new game from Keita Takahashi that looked, uh, like a brand
new game, uh, called, I guess, T um, it's about a, or it's a, I'm not sure.
Yeah.
T I guess is the name of the game.
And it's about a teen that is stuck T posing and trying to fit in to like, I guess a, the
plastic lifestyle of a quaint seaside town.
It's a 3d puzzle game.
To a T they call it.
It looks funny.
I like, I like quirky games like that, so I'm not sure when this is coming out, but
they know that guy's the one that's going to make quirky games.
So yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, no release date yet.
It's coming out though on X-Box one, X-Box series and PC at some point.
Oh my God.
X-Box exclusivity.
They shouldn't be able to buy Activision Blizzard now.
In the game that I would, I'm going to call a crack for Rob.
Uh, we have the unholy abomination of a crossover of hello kitty in a Stardew Valley animal
crossing style game.
Um, it is called, uh, let's see, hello kitty Island adventure.
I'm sorry for your loss of time, Rob.
Well, here's the gag.
Hold on.
I'm trying to put the little, um, thing on the other screen.
I have received several direct messages on a similar notion this week about, uh, oh,
I see that they have mixed hello kitty with animal crossing.
Sorry to hear about your life being over.
Um, it's, it's a mobile game.
I'm not really interested in playing this on a mobile platform.
Now I've just poured it if this, yeah, if this were on switch or, you know, um, I don't
know, like a PlayStation or something.
Yeah, I could see it being dangerous.
But as it stands right now, like I'm not trying to like crap on mobile games.
I'm just not interested in playing a game like this on a mobile device.
So that's just where it stands for me.
So fair enough.
Um, if someone is interested in playing, it's coming out July 28th on Apple devices.
All right, let's move on.
Dark soccer.
So, um, there is, uh, well, sad news.
So, um, the music producer, um, Akira complex has died.
Um, it was announced by attack the music, which is an LA based record label that they
did some albums with.
Um, but a lot of the work that was, uh, done was for dance, dance revolution.
Um, and, uh, apparently it seems to have been suicide.
So, um, so their family and friends sending best wishes.
Um, yeah, they also, of course, I forgot to mention did stuff for sound full text,
dance, fresh stardom, beat mania, two DX, and a few others.
And apparently I think one of the last, uh, or one of the best known albums was from 2018
hyper synthetic.
So, but at any rate, uh, may their memory be a blessing.
And again, thoughts go out to their family.
Their music is still with us through these games.
And we know these Bahmani games are quite the cult favorites and, you know, the musical
live on for a long, long time.
Uh, dark to see us as I do believe one of the guys that hung out with us back in the
day is that attack the music.
Now, isn't that, isn't that what Bahmani style kind of turned into?
Or am I, am I mixing up my record labels?
I can, it's been a long time, admittedly.
I thought they kind of kind of transitioned from that into doing their own music label
of that type of music.
So I could be wrong though.
Um, it's been a long time.
Uh, anyway, uh, let's talk about, uh, what's going on on the various consoles as far as
the subscription programs.
So, um, Oh, it's Oda quest.
Thank you.
Dark to see you.
Okay.
So I'm just mixing up my names.
Apologies.
There's a lot of y'all to keep track of.
All right.
Um, let's talk about what's going on on PlayStation.
PlayStation plus monthly games for July, 2023 include call of duty, black ops, cold war.
Cool.
For some people, I guess, uh, N Ling extinction is forever.
That's like your cute little indie title.
And I'm interested in this one for sure.
Alan Wake remastered.
So not to be confused with the original Alan Wake, this is the actual remastered version
that came out not a terribly long time ago.
Probably in preparation of Alan Wake two is a good time to do it.
If you're on the Xbox system, you can pick up these on Xbox live games with gold from
the first to the 31st of July.
Darkwood is the game that is available.
And then from July 16th to August 15th, cause they, they flip things out, uh, in the middle
of the month as well on Xbox.
When the past was around, this is a love story of Etta and owl, who I do not believe is an
actual owl, but it is a point and click adventure type of game.
And supposedly has a really beautiful music with it.
I'll have to check that out.
I'm a sucker for a good music score in a game.
That's for damn sure.
And Hey, I know usually we just talk about PlayStation plus and Xbox games with gold,
but a new challenger approaches because Nintendo is adding to Nintendo switch online in the
Sega Genesis expansion packs.
They have to have the expansion pack, but you have four pretty good games available
on the Sega Genesis online, uh, that will be available.
I think is available now.
I think they came out of this last week.
Yes.
Revenge of Shinobi.
Cool.
Ghouls and ghosts.
Land Stalker and Crusader of senti are all out.
If you have expansion pass, excuse me, expansion pack for a Nintendo switch online, which I
still don't, but one of these days I'll probably break down and get it.
All right.
If none of those recent releases are good enough for you, let's talk about some recent
recent releases as we travel around the world and check out some release dates starting
in the U S for games this week.
Loki and not a lot this week, unfortunately.
Uh, so we've got a game called scarf coming out on PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series, sentimental death loop on Nintendo switch and legends of heroes
trails into reverie on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
That's it.
All right.
Let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases on the Nintendo switch.
You know, it's almost as if somebody in Japan heard my complaints about hello kitty island
adventure, because look at what they're releasing on the Nintendo switch this week.
Pretty princess magical garden island is one release you can look forward to this week.
And in this game, you get money and gratitude points for doing requests for the island
residents.
And you can personalize, you'll create the farm of your dreams all while being a pretty
princess at the same time.
And, and there is a bunny.
I'm just going to say that there's a bunny.
All right.
If that's not good enough for you, guess what?
You've got little friends, puppy Island also available this week.
It's kind of like Nintendogs, but they don't make that game anymore.
So somebody else decided to do their own spin on it.
And they took the Nintendogs on holiday where you can build the ultimate puppy paradise.
I have some friends that would take that to mean an entirely different thing, but we're
not going to go there on this program tonight.
If neither of those games are up your alley, perhaps trouble, which is final episode one
daughters of amlogram, uh, will, uh, be up your alley.
That is also available in Japan this week on the Nintendo switch.
Let's take a look real quick at the PlayStation five, just one release, but it's F1 2023.
So if you want to get your race on in Japan, you can do that with F1 2023 from EA out of
Japan this week, dark Sakura.
How about the UK?
Um, uh, one thing on the fourth, um,
um, I don't know why, but you cut out all of a sudden we just heard the,
Oh, that was a weird blip.
I'm sorry.
We just had an audio blip and all we heard was on the fourth and then it cut out.
Okay.
So on the fourth, um, X, uh, versus ATV legends on PlayStation and Xbox.
And it's not a holiday over there.
So whatever.
Well, after a certain quarter of nine last week, I don't think we're having a holiday.
This year's holiday is canceled as far as I'm concerned over here.
So, but I will be still taking the day off for it.
All right.
Well, I mean, I'm already off anyway, so I guess I get paid on it.
I will be celebrating the art of napping that day.
I will be celebrating it not being a fucking hundred plus degrees that day.
That too.
You're here.
You're here.
All right.
We have a few more headlines for you, and then we will get to listen around table, but first Loki.
Yeah.
So one of the, uh, popular games of the moment is only up.
It is kind of long lines of the, um, Bennett Foddy games where they're incredibly stressful,
hard platformers.
Oh God.
It's been pulled from steam.
And the reason for that is because there was artwork featured in the game from a 3d artist
who had that available to purchase.
However, it was for non-commercial use and they used it for commercial purposes.
So now, um, they have to work that out, I guess, until the game, you know, is, um, available
or, you know, I guess they could patch it and remove that piece of artwork or something.
Maybe, I don't know.
It's it is a platformer game where you have to jump a bunch of, uh, models or jump on
a bunch of models of things.
So I have never heard of this game somehow in my, and yet I follow gaming.
Um, it's a popular streamer game.
Yeah.
I I'm looking, I just pulled it up to see what this is about.
It looks, I guess, pretty.
Usually these indie darlings that really take off on Twitch have kind of like retro graphics.
So I'm looking at this one going, Oh, this one actually looks kind of nice.
So it's like kind of a bunch of assets kind of thrown together.
Um, but you know, um, about it though, like the other thing, this is also had some controversy
with it as well, because originally the game, um, had some sort of NFT promotion, but then
of course there was rules against a tease on steam as well as selling, um, if you're
selling and buying them in game rather than simply promoting with them.
So I guess, I don't know, it it's been kind of a mix.
The game itself looks okay.
There's been people that have been watching that have been trying to speed run it, but
um, yeah, I'm curious to see whether that's going to happen now that it's been pulled
from steam.
I think you can still play it though.
If you have it, I'd assume.
Oh yeah.
They, they can't like take that from you once you bought it.
So I think it's part of the agreement you have with steam.
So, um, interesting.
Yeah.
Um, but, uh, it's, it's, uh, yeah.
Usually these games that kind of take off on steam are not, do you think it's a Phoenix?
It's a only up is the name of the game.
Yeah.
It's, it's kind of like a getting over it type game.
So, yeah, I would say Twitch.
I might've said steam, but it's cause I was looking at the headlines, but I meant like
Twitch.
It's interesting how, you know, games can really be made on Twitch.
Meaning like, you know, I look at a game like vampire survivors is kind of a recent
example where it caught a lot of, you know, headwind on Twitch and more and more people
played it.
But of course, I think just, even if you want to go way back, hell Minecraft in a, in a
way it was, you know, hugely made popular because of Twitch among us, obviously another
example of that in the game we brought up on the show tonight, five nights at Freddy's,
I think to some extent, maybe a little more YouTube on that one, but still, you know,
content and creators.
Um, it's, it's very interesting to me how much Twitch can really kind of elevate a game
to such a huge level of success like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's fascinating.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
I think Jamie stepped AFK.
So look, you do want to go to the next story you had and we'll go back to hers.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
So this is funny because actually this is a little bit more of a local story, if you
will.
So, um, Dave's retro games in, out of Sacramento, California, um, down at the Folsom flea market.
I think it's Folsom flea market is what they call it.
It is.
Cause when I first saw this story, I was like, Oh, is it out of denial?
And I was like, Oh, it's at that place.
Well, I think I've been there.
I've been there once.
Yeah.
I've been in this one too.
I actually, uh, not that long ago.
And I would never go there on a day like today because that whole place is hot.
Balls.
It was, yeah, it was hot when it was like 80 degrees down there.
So like, yeah, absolutely.
No way.
Um, but yeah, they, he's had the store for 35 years.
Funny enough, back when I was in my previous role, a previous job, I actually almost was
selling to this guy, except he, he wanted to buy used product and we didn't really have
any of that.
And when it came to game stuff, but my coworker dealt with him on a direct basis for selling
used VHS tapes at this time.
But yeah, so he is trying to get out of the business.
He has posted his business up on Craigslist and looking for a buyer for $1 million.
Says he has about 35 years and 20,000 games there and looking to sell everything with
it.
That's one, one way to get rid of your inventory.
Yeah.
Here's the problem though.
This is the rub here.
And they did a little piece I saw on like good day, Sacramento as well, talking about
it and stuff.
He was showing off like some of the products they had like talking about like video game
collecting.
The fact that he has that kind of inventory isn't necessarily notable.
It's what condition it is in.
And as a personal, my personal experience with his inventory, it's trash.
It is garbage.
It is in such a disarray, disorganized mess with like the quality of like loose games
and the labels falling off.
And so I remember when we went there, I was looking for specific like NES games and good
luck finding them because there is no organization to it whatsoever.
Just all out of all sorts of order, just stacked on top of each other, like behind a glass
case.
He's got a few box games, but like he was showing, it's like, Oh yeah, Pokemon.
This one's, this is a sealed copy of Pokemon.
It's worth a lot of money, but you look at the box and the box is just smashed the hell.
Like it's just he is delusional if he's thinking he's going to get a million dollars for this
is what I'm saying.
Yeah, like good luck.
But like I was not of like particularly impressed when I went there.
Just there was nothing there for me.
Granted, it was years ago, you know, and I don't know what's changed because it was before
the pandemic for sure.
And probably even like 2017 was right when I was there.
It was a long time ago.
Yeah, well, we went not that long ago.
It was probably about a year or two ago.
So like, it was not in good shape.
Like I know there was another guy that was at denial.
Oh, that guy.
Maybe the same.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you'd been to this play star, Zara.
Oh, of course.
Do you remember Trader Dan?
That was the one that's in denial.
Yeah, that's him.
Okay.
Yeah, this guy's at Folsom.
No, this guy's at the Folsom market.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, because, I mean, we used to go to when Trader Dan was in the, I can't remember the
community now, but we used to go out there.
But yeah, anyway, God crazy.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's go Dark Soccer.
You were going to talk about, since we're talking about retro games, an interesting
rerelease, right?
Yeah.
Although, I mean, it's hard for me to think of one of these as obscure because I've
had a copy forever.
But Retrobit is doing two rereleases for Sega Genesis slash Mega Drive.
Pre-orders are up.
But one of them is Syldis, which we had for Sega CD a Sylfis with an F.
But it was released in 1990 for the Sharp X68000, also as Sylfis.
The game is a fun shooter.
It has really beautiful artwork on it.
So it's a horizontal shooter by Wolf Team.
I have not done it as a classic game yet, but maybe I will.
And then the other one is El Viento, which is a side scrolling action game that came
out in 1991, also by Wolf Team.
And it had a female protagonist.
It is definitely that 90s anime style, you know, dirty pair Cutie Honey looking.
I mean, like later Cutie Honey, not like 70s Cutie Honey.
But anyway.
But yeah, they're coming with the slipcover, clamshell case, cartridge, the manual.
And each of these are open to order from now to July 30th for $54.99 US and to ship out Q4.
All right.
Listen up, collectors.
Although if you're a true collector, you already have it, right?
If you're an even truer collection, you have the X68000 and you've got the original discs.
Uh, Dartitsia in chat says, I remember Soul Feast on Sega CD.
Not as familiar with El Viento, but it seems like a fun action platformer.
Soul Feast was fun, though.
Wouldn't top Gradius in the shmup department, but more shmups aren't a bad thing.
It wasn't a bad game at all.
It was in a saturated market, I will admit.
Questmaster says, I wish they'd also reissue Ernest Evans.
So lots of, uh, lots of old school releases.
I'm still waiting for the Guardian Legend to be remade.
That's, that's, that's it.
Once, once somebody finally remakes the Guardian Legend, I've hit all I want in game.
What?
That I couldn't think of.
We're playing Gaiden.
Oh, really?
Play the Japanese one.
Oh, fun.
The game couldn't get past the first level.
Don't tell him I said so.
You just ratted him out.
All right.
I don't know if I could anymore, to be honest.
It's been forever since I really sat down and played that game.
I should do that on stream.
And I did it with a, on a, um, on a delay on the, the big TV in the front room.
Dr. C says, I did pitch TGL to the folks at Bitwave.
So cross your fingers.
Who the, well, we, we went down this rabbit hole of who owns the rights anymore.
Right.
So it's just when somebody wants to make it, they'll make it, they'll pony up the money.
Anyway.
Uh, let's talk about one more.
So earlier we were talking a little bit about how like a game can be made or broken.
Well, not broken.
I was just saying a game can be made and bolstered up by Twitch.
I have never heard of a game not making it because of its Twitch performance, but this
is a very interesting thing.
It's crash team rumble is the game we're going to talk about.
And there's some headlines going around about how it's struggling on Twitch.
Uh, a website video gamer has noted that the total number of Twitch users watching crash
team rumble has sunk pretty low.
It's only down to like double figures, meaning like 40 people on all of Twitch watching this
game, even though, uh, it was like 12,000 at its peak, the average is somewhere a little
more in like the 300 type of range now.
Um, that's not great, but that also probably has to do with the fact that the game really
didn't review very well.
Um, also, uh, like to put it in perspective, aliens, dark descent, which was an RTS game
that was released the same day as crash team rumble has about an average of 4,600 viewers
over the last week.
Uh, and at the same time, it was noted that 40 people were playing crash team rumble about
2,200 were playing alien stark descent, uh, F1 23, which was also released, uh, at least
here anyway, uh, 4,700 final fantasy 16, 50,000, which isn't very surprising to hear
about that at all.
Um, but of course, crash team rumble, it's got a Metacritic score of 68.
Why do we care about how it's doing on Twitch?
Because the game play and crash team rumble is all about online multiplayer.
Unlike final fantasy 16, as some of those other games, they don't rely on multiplayer
crash team rumble.
It is that so attracting an online viewership that can help bolster the game anyway.
Um, so it's, um, it's struggling a little bit to get noticed and break through, which
means, Hmm, I wonder if, uh, it will be around much longer if it doesn't start to perform
better.
So I don't know what it's going to need, but I have to be honest, releasing the same week
as final fantasy 16 for me, not a good idea.
There was no way this game was going to hit my radar with that game out, but I also realized
not everybody's me, but it doesn't seem like, unfortunately, unless you're one of those
40 people, the game is really registering on your radar either.
Oh, all right.
And with that, that was the last scheduled story we had for tonight.
I do want to open up the listener round table.
If you have any, um, questions, comments, concerns, uh, or calls, you can always go
to our discord and speak with us through the week.
vognetwork.com slash discord.
And if you want to give us a call tonight, just join the green room channel, which is
over there, uh, under the, uh, uh, general channels.
No, just kidding.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's in the network show channels.
You'll see the green room.
You join that and you can, uh, be waiting to call in vognetwork.com slash discord.
Um, a few things.
I actually have a last minute headline tonight because I forgot to read it earlier in the
show when I was talking about BlizzCon, but I wanted to mention this is coming.
World of Warcraft classic hardcore is about to be officially embraced by Blizzard, meaning
death equals delete.
That's what hardcore is to be fair.
Hardcore is a thing that exists in Diablo.
So the concept of existing in World of Warcraft as well is not exactly farfetched considering
some feel that World of Warcraft plays more like Diablo than it does the original Warcraft,
to be quite honest.
But, uh, I digress.
World of Warcraft classic hardcore is going to be officially implementing this concept,
which means if you die, you don't get to go to a ghost and go back to life.
You cannot be resurrected with ancestral spirit.
You can also not use the warlock soul soul stone.
So I don't know, like this is like those moves kind of exist for those, but anyway,
that's how they're drawing the rules.
That's going to be very hard.
Um, your character will not disappear when they die, but they will be a ghost.
So you can stay in touch with your guild mates.
You can literally haunt your guild mates as a ghost.
But you can also, uh, what's interesting about this too.
You can do free transfers to non hardcore servers.
I like that a lot.
So if you are playing hardcore and you get really attached to the character and then
your character dies like randomly, cause that's always the way it goes.
It's like, Oh fuck, a lag spike.
I'm dead.
You can actually move that character to a non hardcore server and continue it.
That's cool.
Um, I like that.
That's very similar to what path of exile does with their hardcore mode.
Um, anyway, there will be other restrictions.
Um, not available in regular world of Warcraft.
You cannot kite a monster from one area to another to try to get it to attack low level
characters.
Good.
You cannot deliberately flag yourself for PVP before you can attack another player.
So they're trying to, um, stop that from happening.
Also, they're annoying shit back in the day.
They're also going to be de-emphasizing PVP in classic hardcore altogether.
You cannot queue for battlegrounds, but there will be a dueling mechanic.
If you're feeling so bold.
If you slay an opposing player, you get a cosmetic buff called string of ears.
They tracks the number of players that you have successfully tracked down.
That sounds very, uh, like the clown.
Yeah.
Very with his finger team.
Anyway.
Or the Teramisu cake with all the fingers around it.
Anyway.
Someone made one.
I saw that it was wild.
If you want to test that it is on the PTRs now.
So that could be very interesting.
Break Man in chat says haunting your friends sounds fun for about five seconds.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I've played hardcore in Diablo and it's fine.
I'm not at the mercy of other players, but of course, World of Warcraft, I just would
never turn on PVP mode.
That sounds completely uninteresting to me.
But I have done hardcore runs in Diablo and it is a little, I find that I play the game
much more conservatively.
Like I do not push difficulty.
I stay on baby and I just grind, grind, grind, grind, grind to get to like max level.
Cause at some point I'm going to do it in Diablo four.
I'm probably just waiting for seasonal play to do it.
It makes a little more sense to me to do a hardcore character then, because I think
it'll be high risk, high reward in seasonal play.
So I'll try it then.
But I don't think, I think we're getting the date for the first season next week.
It'll probably, it's, I can tell you when that first season is going to start.
It's going to start the last weekend in July.
How do I know it's going to start that weekend?
I'm going out of town.
That's why it's going to start that weekend.
You know what, Rob?
What's that?
I kind of miss us playing like wow together back in the day.
I miss wow too.
I miss your character, Rebecca black, especially when she was, she headlined pride here in
SAC a few weeks ago.
I was telling people about Rebecca black.
And her new music is pretty dope.
Actually.
She's in her mid twenties now, believe it.
It's like, I was reading a story on the John and Kate plus eight kids.
You know, those kids are 19.
They're adults.
Yeah.
God, when did, when did, when did age happen?
Anyway, um, every day, every second.
I, by the way, I had a birthday this last week and I forgot to talk about that.
I did a birthday stream because there's some birthdays.
There's some, I actually played some, a few things.
I played, um, no man's sky as well.
The first, um, I hadn't played the new expedition in that game and I cleared the first set on
stream.
It took me like maybe two hours.
I kind of rotated games.
I did like, I think I did theater them for two hours.
I did.
I did it by daylight at the end.
Cause Alan came on and play with me for two hours.
Um, play with me too.
We had such shit killers.
This event is bringing out the worst in people.
It's so wild.
Well, it's actually been 50 50 for me kind of.
Either they're like, that night was not fun.
Either they're the ultimate in sweat or they're like really cool and want to farm because
Hey, five cakes.
Yeah.
You know?
Yeah.
That's what I miss.
I miss in these events when the killer would just be standing in the middle, hitting the
palette over and over again or whatever, hitting an object in the train to, to signal that
like, come get hit, come get hit by the killer.
Let's farm.
I haven't seen a single one of those.
This whole, we've had, we've had a few off and on, um, mostly it's been like, like we'll
every so often, like I've had a fun Sadako.
Like the thing is, is that one thing to remember is that I play with Shayla.
Oh yeah.
Who is the killer whisperer?
That's true.
Chaela is the killer watch.
Yeah.
Although I'm, I'm not bad at it, but, but like, I, and, and actually I think I got one
person who knows me.
So actually I did, it was somebody who was on my friends list.
It was, uh, uh, like, uh, Meg loves Anna and I was playing my Meg and they were playing
the huntress and I was the chosen Meg.
Not a single hit.
And then when I realized it was my friend after I was like, Oh my God, it was my friend.
That was cool.
That's only ever happened to me once.
It wasn't the killer though.
It was another survivor.
I queued up.
It was probably about a year ago.
I went into solo queue and I had Kate with one perk because I was trying to level Kate
Denson for whatever reason.
I was just trying to prestige.
And of course who, who, who ends up in my lobby has lands.
Now how the fuck am I, was I in the same?
I guess that's how, you know, I was like MMR is broken.
Cause there's no way I should be in the same survivor.
MMR has lands.
Absolutely not.
Unless he had some sweaty killers back to back to back that like dropped him significantly.
But that made me giggle.
I was like, Oh, that's fucking random.
So yeah, I've had cam in my lobby before his killer.
That's wild.
Yeah.
And I've had a few other people.
I've seen that happen.
Like I've seen people playing and then, um, they go actually.
Was it has playing once when losing color was the, I mean, that's, this shows you how
long ago it was.
Cause losing color has been a little bit in the retirement home for a little bit from
DVD, but, uh, they were the killer for one of the games just randomly.
I want to say.
I, I still was always like, I always wanted to get LC as nurse and I, and every nurse
game I'd be like, what are they wearing?
Is it combo nurse with the Rose thing?
So yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, uh, let's see.
Uh, I wanted to check in on any other final thoughts.
I have a question for, for folks.
If, uh, nobody's gonna drop any in chat, but, uh,
Yeah, we didn't get an email.
Loki, did you have any, uh, participate at orange on traded.com.
If you want to send an email, but I'm going to caution again.
I am at that fate again.
Here we are.
Here we are friends again.
I'm asking you to donate $20.
I'm so angry.
No, I'm just kidding.
Let me pictures of your cats, but we have an empty mailbag and when we have an empty
mailbag for six weeks in a row, I start to go, should we have a mailbag segment?
So anyway, yes.
All right.
It's the communicate with orange lounge segment, whether it's, so it's all encompassing.
I know we send me pictures of your animals.
Uh, Loki, do you have any, uh, last minute stories before we, uh, think about wrapping
it up?
Um, yeah, based off of, uh, a job listing posted by EA, it is rumored that the next
Sims entry will be free to play, which makes sense because they already monetize it.
Like it's a free to play game anyways.
It just wouldn't be charging upfront costs anyways for it, which is kind of what they're
doing now with Sims four anyways, because the base game is free to play and they probably
have success with that.
But yeah, it's, it's already microtransaction that, you know, the wazoos.
So why not?
I can't, it'll be a big marketing thing for them.
It's free.
Yeah.
I can see them doing that.
Absolutely free asterisks.
So.
Randomly this week, I had to get the tire on my car replay or patched basically, because
unfortunately, um, I ran over not one, but two nails somehow, or they were placed in
my tire, but I don't know how that happens, but anyway, luckily it was patchable.
And the cool thing is a lot of tired, like they'll just do it for free because they want
your business.
And I went to the place I always go to anyway, but here's the thing across the street.
From the place was a Walmart.
I don't usually go into Walmarts, but I'd had time to kill.
So I went in and you know what Walmart sells.
They sell arcade one up machines.
And you know, when I look at another one, when I look, no, I did not buy another one.
But when I look behind me here, you're going to notice I have this, I have one machine,
two machine, and they have this interesting blank space before we get to the third or
before, excuse me, before I get to the couch.
So I have this perfectly sized space for a third machine.
And I will say I saw a Ms. Pac-Man arcade one up that connects to the internet.
It's like a newer version of it.
And it has all the cool Namco games like Mappy and shit connects to the internet.
But I got to say that one looked really good and I was tempted by that one.
But then I saw like three down from it was a mortal combat one that's new.
And it's the first three mortal combat games.
But here's the thing.
A lot of the arcade one up machines also include libraries of games from the same publisher.
And that means it has the Midway classics like bubbles, joust, robotron, like that machine
is fucking stacked.
And it's Wi Fi compatible now in the new one.
And so I texted Alan a picture and I said, Alan, tell me not to do it.
And he just basically replied to lol.
The only reason I didn't get it was because at that point, two reasons.
One, I knew that I may have to get my tire replaced.
And that would have cost me $150.
That's like half a machine right there.
So I was like, I better not spend the money until I know if I need a tire or not.
And my husband and I went out for a belated birthday dinner.
We went out to a Brazilian steakhouse.
There's a new one in Roseville.
That's where we went.
Some chain that just showed up in Roseville.
We went there and it was fine.
But because I had a cocktail and a dessert because it's my birthday.
It was, you know, those Brazilian steakhouses, $200.
So that was my fancy birthday dinner.
And that was pretty much the cost of a machine.
So that stopped me from doing it.
But I guess my question to everybody is, should I have pulled?
Should I have got the damn machine?
Sure.
Yeah.
I think you still still should do it.
I might.
I might.
We're not the ink is not dry on that decision yet.
So we'll see.
And then bring it to my house.
And then bring it to your house.
You don't have any arcade one ups in your house, do you?
Because you only have the real things.
I have my two little ones.
Not like the size that you have.
Yeah, you have the little table.
Actually, I love those.
The tabletops.
I have yet to see one again since I saw him at Target a few years ago.
Well, actually, if we talk, I might be interested in selling my Dig Dug.
Okay.
Work because I like Dig Dug.
Okay.
It's a Dig Dug and Dig Dug 2.
Yeah, I have another one that's got Dig Dug on it.
So I didn't realize when I got it, but we already had Dig Dug.
Okay.
Yeah.
And Dig Dug 2 is not.
But it's a dedicated Dig Dug.
I'm actually pretty good at Dig Dug.
I don't mean to talk my game up, but I'm pretty good at Dig Dug.
All right.
We'll talk.
I got it pretty inexpensive when I got it.
And we'll talk.
SSG100Matt says Costco sells the tabletop ones.
Like only on their website.
Allen goes to the store every month and is always looking.
In fact, he saw an arcade one up at Costco once and was fucking teasing me with it.
It was a super Pac-Man with wood paneling.
What?
Yeah, at Costco.
This is, unfortunately, this was, I think, the year the pandemic started.
I think it was 2020.
And I was like, no, don't buy it because I don't know.
And now I've never seen an arcade one up there since.
And it was a super Pac-Man.
If only I had a baby Pac-Man.
I know, right?
Me too.
Me too.
I didn't even see one at Golden State, by the way.
They had the Got Lied Pac-Man.
They did not have a baby Pac-Man.
And I was beside myself for all of five seconds.
But I would love, I would love the tabletops because the tabletops will fit in my closet
much better.
Unfortunately, I was going to move.
The BurgerTime will fit in my closet.
The Tron will not.
You can see on stream, and I apologize to the podcast listeners.
You can see there's a height difference between Tron and BurgerTime.
And the closet is like right here.
So Tron wouldn't fit, but BurgerTime would.
But I've already had to talk to Allen about, I have a problem.
What happens if I get more of these machines?
But we might, if we had to, we might move them into our bedroom.
We have a wall in our bedroom that's not being used for anything.
It's just like empty.
So I'd probably move it in there.
All right.
Well, with that, I think we're going to move and wrap up the show.
But thank you as always for tuning in and listening to our show tonight.
We appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Songs Radio, please tell a friend.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we need more voices to put out here on air.
Tell a friend or two.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, or wherever it is you found this
awful long way.
Guess what?
You won't find it on, I mean, you couldn't find it on Stitcher anyway, but guess what?
Stitcher's going under.
So sorry to everybody out there who used Stitcher, but our show hasn't been on it for years because
when I told them they needed to update our show, they said it was our problem.
And I pointed out that every other podcatcher out there didn't have a problem.
And they still said, I said, pull the feed.
I'm not going to have people emailing going, why haven't you updated the show in six weeks?
Pull the feed.
So we haven't been on Stitcher in a long time.
So I'm sorry to those that use that, but as far as far as I'm concerned, it's a win
because we were not compatible with that platform.
Anyway, to be fair, it was under a prior owner.
It was not under their current owners.
So I have, but you know, when you burn a bridge, it's hard to build back.
All right.
Anyway, I didn't mean to end on the name.
I say when, when bridges get burned, just shove people off the end.
Yeah, well, that's, well, that's kind of what happened here.
All right.
Anyway, uh, that is, uh, that is it.
Uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark soccer.
Your final thoughts tonight.
I am feeling kind of, uh, ill, but I am dedicated to breaking ankles tonight.
So we'll see what happens.
All right.
Have fun.
Oh, also I have, um, an interview for a position.
So everyone wish me luck luck.
Good luck later.
Later.
My taters.
All right.
Logie we're over to you.
Your final thought.
Um, my final thought is hopefully look forward to a new episode of my Minecraft series this
week.
Nice.
Um, my final thought is I have two more days off work and I'd really love to beat final
fantasy 16.
I off stream caught up on all my side quests, so I'm ready.
I'm hoping we don't have, um, too much further to go, but we'll see.
Actually, but at the same time, it's like, I kind of don't want it to end.
It's really good.
Um, but yeah, I'm hoping maybe in the next couple of days I will finally beat Final Fantasy
16 and then I can, uh, surf the internet.
Uh, spoiler worry concern.
I feel like I've hit most of the big spoilers at this point, but we'll see.
I mean, there's, there could always be more to come.
So, um, yeah, I'm looking forward to beating Final Fantasy 16.
That's it.
Thank you so much for downloading our show or listening to us live and checking us out.
We appreciate you.
Thank you so much for being a part of Orange Launch Radio.
We will see you next week.
And even though I know it is July 2nd and Pride Month is now over because of some things
that happened in this country last week, I am extending Pride Month by one more week.
Deal with it.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
