Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, show your F5 key some love as E3 opens ticket sales up to 1,000 attendees and probably 14,000 bots and scalpers.
There's plenty more news that respects your personal space, and we'll tell you about it starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 675 for this February the 12th of 2017.
My name is Rob Roberts, here to talk with you about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle with my co-host and studio, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
Hi, how are you, Jamie?
I'm okay.
Good. This is going to be really out of character for the show because we try to focus on games, although personal life stuff comes into character.
But I do need to get this out because we are a live show, so we watch things that are unfolding live.
I don't think we have any listeners that I know of in this part of California, but just north of here in an area where I actually lived for a few years,
they're evacuating the town of Oroville all the way down to Marysville right now, I think, which these are not giant cities in California.
Marysville is a pretty sizable city, so is Oroville.
It's, well, Oroville was evacuated, people are still on the road though. Marysville, Hallwood, Olivehurst, Plumas Lake, and Wheatland.
So what's happening is that California, you know, we've been in a drought for several years and we just got a crap ton of rain the past month.
And it's like a lot, a lot, a lot of rain. It was like, they say 200% of normal or something like that is all falling at once.
So what's happened is that Lake Oroville has filled up so much and I guess now all these problems are starting to show with the emergency spillway.
They just put out an alert at 4 o'clock that said the emergency spillway is going to break in 60 minutes.
And so they've evacuated all these. But if you just go to news.google and search for Oroville, O-R-O, which is gold in Spanish, Ville, just look for that.
And that's what we're kind of watching tonight. So Dark Soccer is kind of going to half watch that for us.
Just in case, because I know people in those areas from Ingress and just real life other stuff too.
But if any of our friends in the area are listening.
Yes, you need to leave. Now, turn off the show and go.
Well unless you're listening on your phone and are already in your car.
Then fine.
But the instructions have been to evacuate North Torchico.
So.
There you go.
Head for high ground.
Thoughts, sir. I hope it's just one of those things you're doing out of an abundance of caution and won't actually end up being chaotic.
Because the way it's sounding over the past 60 minutes, this is not good.
I'm going to point out something.
Having been from the Gulf Coast, this is what our taxes are supposed to go for.
Is to repair things and take care of it.
So don't ever want to hear anybody complaining about paying your taxes.
Because all of this evacuation that you're dealing with right now, these people are basically coming together to get people to safe ground.
This is why you pay taxes.
So.
To keep this stuff in good repair, which I remember the debate that went on over the levees in New Orleans.
And we know what happened there.
I just, I really hope they have the money to do what they need to do to keep people safe right now.
Exactly. And also, action does better than thoughts and prayers.
All right, Techmaster Loki, how are you tonight? Sorry.
I'm fine.
I want to make sure we got that out here at the top of the show, just in case.
I don't, again, we may have somebody in Marysville, though, I'm thinking.
Especially back from the DDR days, we definitely knew people up there.
So, anyway.
But how are you, Techmaster Loki?
I'm fine.
Yeah, how was your week?
Different, I should say.
Yeah, that's right.
You're kind of, your job isn't changing, but you're doing, like, one of those, like, what is it, like an internship at your job?
Sort of.
It's like a temporary thing?
Yeah, like a six-week rotation at an innovation lab.
But I know, and I know you can't, you can't really talk about the details, but...
There really aren't any details to talk about, but yeah, even if I had details, I can't really talk about them.
Just to say, though, it would be in, like, the realm of gaming, so there is something in that.
But, yeah, I can't really talk about it, because not really anything to talk about yet. It's more of just kind of research.
All right, well, I hope it's something in the future we'll get to know you had a part of.
Yeah, but it's cool, though, because I get access to the hacker lab down there, so I got to take a soldering class today.
Oh, fun!
Or yesterday, so I've finally been able to break myself of all my bad soldering habits, and now I can actually solder correctly, and I'm so happy about that.
Yeah, time to mod those old systems now.
Yeah, I can fix stuff now.
Yeah, hacker lab is pretty cool. I just went there for the first time.
They're opening one in Rancho.
Are they really?
And I'm super excited about that. I was like, yes!
I just went there for the first time a couple weeks ago, thanks to IGDA here in SAC, who asked me to host a panel, and I was tweeting about it.
I got to interview these guys that were with a company called T Cubed, which made this, it's not an actual mobile game, it's an actual physical game that they've made, and is gaining popularity very fast.
They're kind of having to deal with all this growth, so we're kind of talking about how that grew and all that stuff.
So that was my introduction to hacker lab, was doing a panel kind of about gaming, except it wasn't about the game itself, it was more about the business side of things, but it was still very fascinating.
Yeah, it's kind of nice, because during the few weeks that I'm down there, we basically have full access to that, so I can take any of the classes that they have for free, so that's kind of nice.
So, of course, I went there and I built a couple electronic kits, really basic shit.
But it was fun to be able to actually do it correctly. It's like, holy shit, I've been doing this completely wrong this entire time.
I doubt they even sell these anymore, because they're probably dangerous, but back in the 80s, when I was younger and I was a kid, they used to have these basic electronic boards where you could put the little wires in the springs and make very simple, light breadboards.
Yeah, is that still a thing that kids can do? Okay, I figured they probably caught fire to somebody's house, they don't sell anymore.
No, they've got a little fancier stuff now, they have almost blocks that you can build from.
I feel like I would still play with those as an adult.
You could still play with those as an adult, a lot of people prototype on that stuff.
You could make a radio transmitter with that stuff, it would only go from one bedroom to another for legal reasons, FCC reasons.
But I'm sure it would be very easy to mod if you wanted to do dirty, but not that I'd ever encourage that.
No, it was just kind of fun to be able to do that, so I took that class and, yeah, I can solder, so it's fantastic.
Half the problem I was having with soldering is my equipment is just shit, and because I was doing everything wrong, it made it even shittier.
I just need to buy a new soldering iron and some better equipment and I'm good to go.
Let's get into video game news. I know we've been talking about natural disasters and hacker lab, which at least is a little closer to gaming.
Let's get into some of the big topics this week. This has been a very busy week for gaming news.
The beginning of the year was pretty empty and I feel like we got a lot that hit this week, so let's jump right into it.
I think this is something that has been on a lot of people's minds this week as they've been reading gaming blogs,
but if you aren't already aware, E3 has made the announcement this week that they will be going public, partially.
So this is something that some people have been asking E3 to do for a long time, akin to what the Tokyo Game Show does,
but the way E3 has chosen to implement this is going to be a little bit different.
Starting, I think tomorrow is the big day, they are going to sell 15,000 tickets at a price of, I believe it is $150 for the first thousand,
and $250 for the rest, and that price, I think they said it was like $150 for the first day only,
but let's be real, those tickets will be gone tomorrow. They will be gone within 10 minutes tomorrow, if that.
But anyway, so that is going to be opened up to 15,000. That 15,000 is in addition to essentially who they're already letting in.
But, then this causes this question of, well, wait a minute, the LA Convention Center can only physically hold because of Fire Code,
so many people, so is this going to be a situation of these 15,000 people are coming from somewhere else?
I do remember last year, we seemed like we saw the ESA and E3 kind of dipping their toe in the water with this, with the whole like...
E4 All.
What was the thing they were doing like the...
E4 All.
No, no, no, no, no, no, not even that. I mean, that was a different type of experiment.
I'm talking about like the whole like, they invited the super users, the super consumers, pro, prosumers, I think they were called,
they invited to the show last year. Like, remember it was like, if you were an exhibitor, you could give like a hundred of your fans access to E3.
It sounded very much like the way we got into E3 the very, very, very first year we went,
because we had a company that we were promoting pretty heavily at the time that wanted to see us at E3 because they had relevant products, right?
So, and we haven't had friends that work at said company, so it kind of all worked out. I think they did that last year, if I remember right.
So, because I remember last year we were having these conversations about there's going to be more and more fans and we kind of see things heading this direction.
And why don't they just open it up to the public? But here we go. Now they're going to open up to the public.
So I'm assuming this is to partially replace said prosumer thing.
But I mean, if we at OLR had a hope to go to E3 at all, that would have been shot in the foot with this whole thing.
We're going to have to buy a ticket just like anyone else if we want to go at all.
I still feel the same, like nothing, my perception on E3 as opposed to a year or even two years ago hasn't really changed much.
I feel like the last times I've been to E3, I'm very fortunate to have gone.
I've had a great time at the shows I've gone to, but I started to see towards the end where it was like, I'm just getting like a press release live.
E3 is so much of a controlled environment and part of that control is just going online now.
It's being broadcast direct on Twitch TV, on YouTube, on Geoff Keighley's, whoever he's partnering with this year.
Which this year actually is the ESA he's partnering with. But anyway, Dark Saga.
EA is irrelevant.
EA electronic cards?
Not EA, sorry, E3.
E3 is irrelevant.
E3 is irrelevant.
There's a lot of people that say E3 is irrelevant. Why do you feel E3 is irrelevant?
It's been irrelevant for years because we would always get, I mean, especially with the advent of, you know, a more accessible Internet, like you were saying, we're getting it all the same time everybody else is.
You know, you may get some of the networking there, but that only really does you good if you are in a media capacity or in the industry.
Other than that, and for the people who were going for goodies, it's not even that good for that anymore either.
So it's just, there's no more joy to it.
I don't, I don't know if I would use the word irrelevant seems so strong, but I definitely still have some similar those feelings.
I think what's happened is that E3 has been diluted.
I think it's kind of one way I would put E3 has been diluted because E3 used to be the gamer Christmas and it still is to some extent because of all the press conferences.
Microsoft's still doing their thing. Sony's still doing their thing.
Nintendo, they started to drift from this a couple of years ago, but for all practical purposes, they still do their own thing around the time of E3.
So, I mean, E3 is still a holiday, so a weird nerd holiday in some events.
But what I mean by the whole diluted thing is that E3 was like that one time a year when that happened.
Well, that went away because now, you know, let's take Sony for example.
Sony's done very well with their PlayStation Expo that they do in December.
So which is coincidentally, but probably not exactly six months out from E3 is when Sony tends to do their other show, the PlayStation Expo now.
And they have a great success with that and getting out a lot of big messages and getting a lot of press during that time.
And I think Nintendo, part of the reason they changed their tune significantly a couple years ago to the Nintendo Directs and what they were doing is that they found that taking their message directly to their very rabid fan base was going to be more beneficial than having just the cynics show up to play the games.
See, that's why I think that it's irrelevant now. You don't need it anymore. It's redundant. It's redundant.
It's not necessary to have it anymore. It's really just random hype fest. And now you can get these things directly from the developers.
It's probably more cost effective for the developers themselves to do their own little gig rather than have a big, you know, presentation and have to compete with the other developers there on the floor.
If you do it yourself, you control the output, you control the cost, and you control the message.
Let's go to our live chatters. Hi, guys. We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we do have, you know, again, we don't have 50,000 people that listen to this show, but the group that we do have that shows up week after week, we love you guys.
You're our Sunday night fam. Thank you guys for being here as always. And let's get some of your comments read in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SHO 100 Matt says, Pax sells out in 20 minutes. This will sell out in five, if that. Ain't that the truth. Pax fits way more than 15,000 people and they've been having ticket issues and scalpers.
You know, I loved Jason's tongue in cheek intro tonight. It was a little bit sassy, but I think it was accurate. You're going to have maybe a thousand actual people that want to go to E3 getting tickets and then 14,000 scalpers.
It's all right. After they go to E3, they're not going to want to go to E3. Probably. I mean, I mean, what we've said, you know, honestly, like having gone to it, a lot of the stuff, it seemed like every year more and more gets behind closed doors.
And you don't think if you got that general mission pass that you're going to see any of that stuff. You may get to play some games, but honestly, I feel I get more information out of just watching the stuff online and hearing, seeing the press releases,
because while you're there, you miss a ton of stuff because it's just a lot to take in.
Right. Well, I'm, you know what, and I don't want to keep like poo-pooing on the E3 and my experiences and the reasons why I chose to stop going to E3.
Like if you're out there and you're listening and you're going to fight for one of these 15,000 tickets, and if you do end up winning one of the spots and you get to go or what have you, have a great time.
And I would be very curious what the show is like, because regardless, as desperate as this move feels to me to keep E3 that big event thing that is going to get people talking about or what have you,
it's going to be a year of transformation for E3, akin to when they went to the airport for those two years and then when they left the airport, or even if you want to go way back when they went to LA in the first place from Atlanta.
I mean, this is going to be a big change for E3. So, I mean, for better or for worse, it could be a very different show this year because of it.
And maybe I'll be like, shit, I should have really tried to go this year. But, you know, I do have to kind of weigh in my mind, well, the money that it costs to, because again, E3, they didn't put it on a weekend.
Even though they're opening it up to the public, they didn't put it on a weekend now. So, you're going to have to give up your whole week if you want to travel to E3 and do all that stuff.
Just a reminder, too, this is the show that we're talking about. Everything else that happens at E3, the parties, the press conferences, those are separate from this thing that you're looking at.
Also EA and anybody else that may be around.
Oh, yeah, we haven't heard of that. If EA is going to do their thing across the street or if they're going to, because of this transformation, maybe EA is going to come back. I don't know.
Or Activision, I think Activision was separate from it.
Activision hasn't been for a little while. Well, Activision is a weird area. Activision has been on the show floor, but they still rent the space upstairs to invite...
They also still have their stuff in other booths, maybe?
Well, sure, yeah. Things would show up in Microsoft or Sony's booth, but they still have their space upstairs for their invite only really early, early announcements that are going to be weeks and months down the line under non-disclosure agreements.
Things that aren't necessarily to be announced the week of the show.
But anyway, if you guys get tickets, cool. I'll be curious to see how the show is. I kind of feel like the ticket sales are going to be a complete and utter clusterfuck tomorrow.
But we'll see. Maybe I'll be wrong. Maybe those that are going will have a great time.
I know our pals over at GameBooey.org, we're talking about possibly using this to go to the show.
And so if they're able to go, I think I would fucking love to hear Spike's perspective, because he went to E3 years ago.
And so if he gets to go again under this, I would love to hear his perspective on it.
I don't see why our friends from Electric Sisterhood wouldn't try to go again.
E3 was the one time of year I could only ever see those guys.
So if they get to go this year, I'd be very curious to see what they think.
And their thoughts on the show are different than mine, and that's cool.
I just look at it and go, okay, so the week I could spend doing E3, I could also go to MAGFest.
Or I could go to a smaller IndieCon or DragonCon or something else.
I'm just like, you know, I only have so much money. I would rather spend it on this right now.
I do want to take time off, though, so I can watch the press conferences on the couch with popcorn.
Do you?
Because that's the best.
So there is still that holiday event to it.
I love the press conferences. I mean, they're fun to make fun of.
Ubisoft's going to be Ubisoft.
But no, I like all that stuff, but my god, I don't want to go back there and play those games.
Unless I had something like I really, really wanted to play, you know, like a New Saints Row or something.
But that's not going to fucking happen.
I don't know. I'm fine with watching the videos and watching the livestreams and just living vicariously through that.
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Dungeonbuster points out, no panels, no game rooms, no contests.
It's a straight up trade event.
Yeah, I mean, again, unless they are going to announce something we haven't heard yet, E3 is not going to be like PAX.
And with as hard of a time as I've given PAX and its growing pains and its issues and some of the reasons why I don't go to PAX either.
I still think that, like, I think what a lot of people probably are expecting to see at E3, they're probably really going to see at PAX.
You know what I mean?
So I just... E3 is not going to have classic gaming rooms or jammed spaces or, you know, again, unless they decide to announce some things later on.
We have heard, and I'll mention this, there's some type of partnership with Geoff Keighley, because everybody wants to partner with him.
That he's going to do some type of panel leading thing.
So I guess they're trying to come up with where can we encourage these 15,000 peoples to go.
But again, in this day and age of these conventions live streaming their panels online, do I need to go all the way to E3 just to see a panel?
I'm not sure. So, we'll see what happens with that.
Loki, any thoughts on how E3 might change this year in contrast to years past?
Lines might be longer.
Ain't that the truth.
I mean, that's all I can think of. If they're trying to keep it packed, it's just that the lines are long.
I don't know. I don't know what the advantage is for them other than making up lost revenue.
I think what's going to be interesting to see happen is that, you know, you've got these 15,000 people that will be going to E3, and we do live in an age of social media everywhere.
Is the ESA trying to do this to try to get the buzz on that level? The more like homegrown hashtags and social media trends?
But do they need that?
I was going to say, maybe because I'm ingrained in that stuff, but I think that it seems like the buzz is already there.
It's not like people... I mean, people that don't know what E3 is, they probably don't give a shit about what E3 is.
It's not like, oh, there's a gaming convention that tells me about games in the industry and stuff.
I don't think that people really are going to care if that's...
And if they wanted to do that, why didn't they just open it up again to more independent journalists to be able to go?
And people that at least have an active interest in that.
And I just want... I'm not... I still feel the same about E3. I'm not going to go, even if they were to do that.
So I don't want you thinking, like, oh, Rob's just bitter because he doesn't...
It's not that, but why not try to invite 15,000 people that want to be able to write about it and promote it in their various YouTube, podcasts, blog, and all that type of stuff?
I don't... Why just 15,000 people that want to be able to say they went to E3?
They're just probably trying to make up the numbers. Maybe they feel that that's where they projected that they're going to be falling under that amount.
And this way they can make it up instead of giving out free passes like they may have done in the past.
Although I would assume that those tickets have to be covered by the companies that are going.
I mean, it's just... It's revenue for them.
All right. Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, S2100Matt says,
To be honest, I wouldn't be surprised if you see fewer demos at E3 on the floor.
Most of the demos for the new games that people want to see will be appointment only or specially monitored demos.
That was already happening.
That was part of the problems. That was already happening.
And it was like there's less and less.
And, you know, I just like I kind of got sick of the whole wait in a line to go in a theater to watch somebody else play a walkthrough that was already published on YouTube hours before you got in the line.
Like that was the... If I could put my finger on like one or two sentences on why I don't go to E3 anymore, that is it.
That is why I don't bother with E3 anymore.
That and Paris Hilton.
No, I still went for a couple of years after the Paris Hilton year.
But that's the whole reason.
Why would I fucking stand in a line to go in a theater to watch what you just watched on YouTube two hours ago?
And Capcom fucking hates us.
Well, that's a whole other issue.
Oh, they're not the only ones, Loki. Come on.
Come on. Remember when we had the threatening emails from Namco? Come on.
Where have you been?
All right. Anyway.
CMYK in chat says, remember that year when you could download demos of games shown off at E3?
Exactly. That was awesome.
That was the best.
Exactly. That was thankfully Capcom. Thank you, Capcom.
Because they did MotoGP06 and The Lost Planet and there was one other one, but I don't remember what it was.
But yeah, that was awesome.
That's what I think they should do is like put out a demo, release it out there so people can experience that shit at home.
Fucking great idea.
But they're not going to do that anymore.
All right. Anything else you want to say on E3, Dark Sakura?
Fuck it.
Are you going to watch it at all though? Do you still partake in the news conferences and all that stuff?
Not really. I don't like getting disconnected every five minutes.
It's true. There's all the bandwidth problems.
I just let someone else live stream it. I mean, not the stream, but live tweet it and then I get what I want.
Yeah.
And I'm happy.
Okay.
And I'll have to listen to people droning on and on when I could be doing other stuff.
You just want the bullet points. Like just show me the ones like PowerPoints.
Exactly. Give me the meeting minutes.
That's how Dark Sakura is going to approach E3 in the future. Just give me a copy of the minutes.
I'm not going to show up to the meeting. Just send me the minutes.
It's like, I don't have time for this. I am needed over at Bethesda right the fuck now.
Give it to me. And here's my email. Send me the minute.
I like that. Just send me the bullet points and the action items.
My card is just going to say IDGAF minutes, please.
You could probably, maybe you could ask.
I want it as a keynote presentation.
Why don't you get some of the IGDA cards from our pals at SacIGDA and just add the letter F on it.
Of course, they might not appreciate that. And hopefully they're not out there listening.
Wasn't it like IGDA?
Yeah, it is.
So I give don't a fuck. Yoda.
Yeah, you're just Yoda.
All right. Let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
So we'll start with you Dark Sakura. What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Wow.
Lots and lots of wow?
Lots and lots of wow.
I really, Dan finally gave up on Mega Man 2.5D because it's, it's, it's really, it can be a pain.
But there's a new release of it out now, a new patch version, so might redownload it.
But it's really just been, I've been so busy this week that I just, I just played wow.
Oh, oh, oh, wait, wait, wait. No, I've started playing Bust A Move again on my iPhone.
I fucking love Bust A Move.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Bust, oh, wait. Sorry, I'm thinking-
Puzzle Bobble.
Yeah, sorry. I got excited for a minute.
But I super, super love Puzzle Bobble.
And I have been playing the crap out of it again on this like everlasting challenge mode.
You just play and play and play and play until you just can't play anymore.
And that's how I like to play that game.
So it's been pretty fun.
And, um, yeah, I think really that's it because, you know, we played something else.
I don't remember.
All right.
Not much.
All right, well, if it's that important-
Oh yeah, Link to the Past, duh.
How could you forget about Zelda?
Old.
Old.
Oh, because you're old?
No.
That's just the reasons. It's because of reasons.
I don't care. I need the minutes.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
So my gaming week consisted of, um, actually some things I haven't played normally.
Um, so we did, uh, as part of our immersion project into what I'm doing at, you know, my side job thing right now.
Is, uh, we had a Smash Melee tournament.
Oh, you mentioned this last week.
That you were going to participate in this.
Yes, I was going to participate in this.
The issue, though, with it is, it was a Smash Melee tournament on emulators.
Which sucked ass, because the, uh, input lag was just fucking horrible.
So I did my best. I got third place.
So that was all right.
That's still not bad for somebody.
Didn't you say last week you don't really ever play?
I don't normally play.
There you go.
The guy that- there's only three gamers in our group.
So that's why I got third.
Oh, so you got third place out of the three gamers. Good job.
So, I mean, but we played against people that, you know, worked down there.
And, uh, you know, the one guy who won, he plays Smash all the time.
So it's like, okay, well shit.
You know, there's no way it would be that.
And everyone fucking horrid Peach.
Just like, it was fucking a Peach fest all over.
So I played Kirby.
Peach is a good character.
I played Kirby and then I did Mario.
Because they didn't have any of their characters unlocked, so.
And I didn't pick a fast character like Fox because, like I said, input lag was shit.
And so you'd just be flying off the goddamn side of the map.
Super easy, so.
That's a little silly they used emulators, though.
Yeah.
So, anyways.
Um, and then I, you know, did some PlayStation VR stuff because I was showing it off.
So I got to play a little bit of, um, Until Dawn, Rush of Blood.
Still love that game.
It's just such a great game.
Um, I got to try a little bit.
Um, I played the demo of, um, what was that, Eve Valkyrie again.
Still love that demo.
Not paying $60 for the game, though.
And then, um, let's see.
I also, of course, played a ton of Skyrim Remastered.
Um, I don't know if I mentioned it before that I completely restarted my game.
So before I was playing with a ton of mods and it was ridiculous.
Now I'm playing without mods and just playing through the game.
Of course, I've already power leveled my character using glitches that were in the vanilla game.
So I'm already done there.
So back up to Godlike again and just going to run through all the different quests that are in there.
But I kind of like it because it's a little bit more of a challenge.
So I'm really enjoying that still.
And Skyrim, like, infinite amount of replayability.
So, um, looking forward to that and still playing quests I haven't played before.
Even though I've played the game, like, several times.
Um, and then, of course, a little bit of Ingress just because now I'm working in a completely different area.
So, you know, all those uniques and stuff.
And it's also concentrated down there.
But because of that, it's also so chaotic that people just drive by everything.
So, I don't know.
But, yeah, that's pretty much it.
Awesome.
Um, my gaming week was very potpourri.
I played a little bit of everything.
Of course, I'm still continuing to play, like, Final Fantasy XIV, my old standbys.
Overwatch, I still play.
Um, even though we were fighting for a little bit over the capture the flag thing,
I just stopped playing capture the flag and got a lot better.
Um, I still love me some Mystery Heroes.
That's kind of my go-to mode right now when I play with Alan or some of our other friends.
Um, uh, otherwise, I played a little bit of Rez this week.
The newer one on PlayStation 4.
Because I still was trying to get Area X unlocked.
Uh, because I need to get to that.
But then I got distracted, like, actually just playing through the game.
So, uh, that was fun.
Uh, and then, um, I also on PlayStation 4 was playing, uh, randomly Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 again.
And just playing, you know, just some stuff in my backlog on PlayStation 4.
And then the other night, extremely randomly, very extremely randomly, um,
you know Alan is super into Morrowind and Skyrim, right? Elder Scrolls, right?
He played Skyrim, like, a lot.
Yeah.
And then he just finished Morrowind, right?
So, um, and he, you know, likes to mod the shit out of that.
So, he just moved on now.
I think he's getting ready to start Oblivion.
Although, I feel like for the past three nights, he's been setting up his mods in Oblivion.
He hasn't been playing Oblivion, he's just been setting up his mods in Oblivion.
So he can play the game the way that he wants to.
But then that whole talk kind of made me realize, like, oh yeah, Oblivion recently went backwards compatible on Xbox One.
And I never installed it.
So, and then, one of our mutual friends was over here on Friday night.
And is also, that friend happens to also be a big fan of Elder Scrolls and that whole series.
And so it was like, alright, let's just play Oblivion on Xbox One.
Let's do, like, go back through the game.
Because I wanted to see, you know, I haven't played that game in so long.
I was like, ooh, TV with a high refresh rate and then the, you know, whatever.
So, I gotta say, graphically, it still holds up pretty well for an Xbox 360 game that plays on Xbox One.
And, you know, we played through it with the whole little introductory dungeon getting out.
I would still like to see, like, the remastered versions of Oblivion and Morrowind.
Because Morrowind wasn't on console. I think, was it on Xbox, the original Xbox?
The original Xbox, yeah.
So, I mean, that would be cool to see, like, a remastered version, like, in the Skyrim engine or something like that.
Yeah, yeah, but I don't think those are going to be.
Well, there is the whole, I don't know if you know.
The mod, yeah, the mod that they're making.
Well, no, not just that, but the whole Elder Scrolls Online.
Their next expansion is Morrowind.
So, I'm not, I mean, again, obviously it's not going to be the exact same thing.
But it's going to be revisiting a lot of that.
Elder Scrolls Online is actually pretty fun.
I've been playing a little bit of it because it's free.
Well, I mean, not the game, you pay the game.
Guild Wars style.
But I've had a really good time playing and it's really pretty.
Yeah.
Any, how far have you gotten?
Not terribly far.
I was going to play with Tiara for a bit and I just kind of lapsed out of it.
Which, by the way, there is an update.
Oh, for Elder Scrolls?
No, for Auroville.
Oh.
They're still getting two inches of spillage over the dam.
Or over the auxiliary wall.
But it's slowed down and they think they might be able to plug it instead of it breaking.
Oh, thank gosh.
Yeah, so just thought I would do it.
Oh, fingers crossed.
They're draining out of the main spillway and they said that it's going to be below that line pretty soon.
Oh, good, good, good, good, good, good.
All right, fingers crossed.
I was sorry to interrupt.
I was going to mention, you know, my prize for winning third place was, they had really stupid prizes.
Yeah.
I got this book, Dancing with Cats.
That sounds like the best book ever.
That's an awesome prize.
Well, yes.
It was this.
They had a UFO detector, which I don't know what that was, but it looked like some electronics.
And then they had a yodeling pickle.
What?
It's a pickle that yodels.
What?
That sounds awesome, too.
Ragenator in chat is asking over at live.vognetwork.com,
speaking of the Elder Scrolls games, Sky, have you seen people installing triple X mods on Skyrim and streaming it on Steam?
The first part of that question, yes, I see it happening in my house.
I don't need to load it on Steam or Twitch or any of that stuff.
I can just watch my husband do it.
So I've never gone looking for it on Steam.
It gets awkward after you kill some of these old hag witches in there and they have beautiful breasts underneath.
It's like, okay, that doesn't fit.
That's just weird.
It was explained to me that there is a mod that alters the titty mod so that old ladies have more realistic old lady titties.
After a while, it was just kind of...
It just turned dark soccer.
It was just weird.
The biggest sigh not on her mic.
I need vodka in this coffee.
I have Stroopwafel in the fridge.
I have a whole bottle at home.
And Dungeonbuster in chat says you don't need those mods.
You just need Conan Exiles, which we talked about last week.
That was still the funniest thing.
Okay, when I've been wanting to cheer myself up this week, I've gone back and looked at the animated gifs of them expanding the Wang.
And it has been the funniest thing because it's so unnatural.
I really, really, really...
We need to start a GoFundMe or something to get the money to buy Dark Sakura, Conan Exiles, just so she can stream it.
Just so I can just not see her get past character creation because she won't be able to stop giggling.
I will do it the whole time.
I will laugh so much.
I want this...
It'll be weep, weep, weep, weep.
I would have to break my rule and play a dude just for that.
I'm gonna make him skinny.
Like, skinny.
Okay, you go ahead.
I don't know if you remember way back, and I don't know if it was tool controls or analog controls or something like that where they have the breast movement mod or whatever with dead or alive.
Remember where you can actually jiggle the boobs depending on how you move the controls.
I remember some game you were playing during OLR in the first years. There was some, like, boob slapping game.
Oh yeah, I remember that too.
Your now wife was obsessed with that game.
Was she? I don't remember.
Of course she was.
But yeah, I remember that. That was kind of silly.
And that was like a rhythm game too.
So yeah, like, you know, it just spins, bounces, and like swings.
Yes, you had to spin the booby or bounce the booby.
What was the name of that game? That should be the classic game of the week. It's got to be ten years old.
Send it to Dark Soccer for consideration.
But yeah, so they had that, so now they just need to have that kind of control over the penis in Conan Exiles.
Where, you know, right analog sticks just flopping that shit around.
Fair is fair. Fair is fair.
I think so.
Alright. So yes, so anyhow, before we talked about the booby game I was watching, I played Oblivion.
So anyway, the other game I spent an unhealthy amount of time playing this week, ya'll ready for this?
Pokemon Go.
Oh yeah, I was playing that too.
Because the Valentine's event is going on right now with the whole double candy.
Did you find a Porygon anywhere?
Yes.
Where?
Downtown Sacramento.
Girl.
JN 16th.
I don't have one yet.
Do it before the Valentine's Day event is over.
There's late at night after everything shuts down for the state, just pull over to the side of the road or get a wingman to be with you.
I should have done it while I was downtown last night.
That's what I did. One of my Ingress buddies and I, we were like we're gonna go play Ingress and Pokemon Go and then we didn't play any Ingress.
We just played Pokemon Go because we went downtown and we started seeing like all the rare spawns like Porygon were coming up.
And I got Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan.
I was just distracted by all the queens last night.
We watched a drag show last night and it was really busy at faces.
So yesterday, one of my longest friends I've known for a long time but we haven't hung out a lot in the past couple of years.
It's my old roommate from when this show was in the garage with the Christmas lights. Remember that?
So he is really into Pokemon Go. Which kind of surprised me when I found that out.
I mean I knew he was always like, he's one of those things like, I don't know if he would call himself a gamer.
But like, I remember like old school Final Fantasy games he got obsessed with.
And now it's Pokemon Go that he's all into, right?
So we went to San Francisco and we had planned this trip for a couple of weeks.
We were just gonna go during the day because I had to host Rocky Horror last night.
And so we just went in the morning and we walked down to Pier 39 and it just happened to be double candy weekend, right?
I earned about 450 Magikarp candies in the course of the trip.
Holy crap.
So I have a Gyarados now. That was easy.
Also for the very first time I finally got a fucking Grimer.
Woo!
Cause that's the one I was like, even if I can just catch a Grimer I can walk and make it a muck and that would excite me.
So the cool thing is, thanks to San Francisco Trip, thanks to getting all these new Pokemon in the past few days.
My Pokedex is now at 151 seen.
Which is, I think, somebody in chat correct me if I'm wrong, but that is the max number you can have in seen without the regional ones.
Without Mr. Mime, without Farfetch'd, cause it's 154 I think is the big number.
But I'm up to 151 seen.
I don't have 151 caught, I have 142 caught.
So I still have, like I need Kabutops, I need Charizard.
There's just a bunch that I have to just get more candy to evolve.
Let's go to San Francisco next week.
Again?
Sure, why not.
There won't be double candy though.
I don't care.
But it'll still be fun.
It'll still be fun.
We'll go do like artsy shit.
There's an Eevee by the way in your backyard.
Is there?
Yeah.
I don't know if it has a lot of CP.
I need some more Vaporeons.
Why not?
Yeah, it's pretty intense actually.
SSG100Matt in chat says, I have about 778 Pidgey candies.
I don't want to talk about it.
Matt, evolve, evolve, evolve.
Evolve every single Pidgey you catch because that's 1000, no 500, whatever.
Every 4 Pidgeys evolves.
And right now, every 2 Pidgeys evolves.
So it's like when I see a Pidgey, I get excited because I'm like,
Eevee in your backyard's a bitch.
Free XP.
Maybe I should just play that instead of Ingress.
Honestly?
Well, especially in downtown because I'm guessing that there's a lot of like stuff down there.
I'm between a rock and a hard place with Ingress because I still love the people.
I love the community.
I love the events when like people come together and stuff like that.
And the farms and all that stuff when I get to see people.
But the game is just, I'm like so over it at this point.
And the whole thing that they're not doing an anomaly right now.
They're not doing a live event.
They're doing this thing where they have a global event where there's shards around the globe that need to be moved from place to place.
I'm just like, snore over it.
Like, I don't...
It's also like, especially with where we're at, you know, it's just overrun.
You know, like there's, I've got, you know, literally I played at the park yesterday when I took my kids there.
And within like 10 minutes, they're already taking it down.
I'm like, I'm not even doing anything.
I know, it's just, it's ruining the fun of the game.
I'm just, I'm just kind of over it.
It made me too angry.
I gave it up.
No seriously, I was just getting so mad.
I was like, you know what, I don't care anymore.
Alright.
By the way, there's also a cubone.
Fine.
Anyhow, let's see.
So, looking in comments over in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDef says, I caught a Porygon with the Go+.
Yeah, here's the thing.
That Grimer, I caught with the Pogo+.
And I did that thing where I was like, I just felt the vibration on the Pogo+.
And I hit the button and then I realized, oh fuck, that was a yellow vibrate.
That was a Pokemon I don't have yet.
And my friends that were with me heard me go, fuck, like really loudly.
Which in San Francisco is kind of no big deal.
But they were like, what happened?
I'm like, whatever that Pokemon is right now, I just threw a Pokeball at it from my Pogo+.
And it's probably going to run away.
And they were like, somebody next to me was like, oh, it's a Grimer.
And I was like, fuck.
And then the thing vibrated to tell me I caught it.
And I was like, holy shit.
Because thank God, this is the one case where I'm happy.
It was only like an 86 CP Grinder or Grinder.
That's a different phonem.
86 CP Grimer is what I caught.
And so I was able to catch it with the Pogo+.
And it was like one of those like huge sigh of reliefs.
Like, wow, that was close.
So, anyway.
Oh, SSG100Matt in chat says, Rob, I know that.
The problem is that the last time I did a mass Pidgey evolve, they had a double XP weekend.
I am now paranoid to do another mass evolve again.
Okay.
All right, I see.
I see, I understand those concerns.
All right.
All right, anyway.
So that was pretty much it for my gaming week.
There you go.
Lots of Pokemon Go.
Let's see, other announcements.
I don't really have anything right now.
No shows off planned.
There's no expos coming up until April, the IGDA event.
But that isn't even on a Sunday.
That's on a Saturday.
We'll be broadcasting live from that again in some capacity.
I just don't have all the details just yet.
But that's only a couple months away.
So in the coming weeks, we'll have more on that.
I'm sure we'll have at least Gabe, if not Gabe and Bree, and maybe some other people.
Maybe I won't try to get them to bring some developers with them next time.
And talk about SAC Indie Arcade.
It'll be fun.
Yeah, I talked to Gabe yesterday.
Or not yesterday, Friday.
He probably hangs out at Hacker Lab.
Probably ran into him there.
Nope, I asked to interview him.
Oh, okay.
Cool.
So we got to talk to him.
He bothered me about not having the game done yet.
And I told him that I was just having trouble being motivated.
And my God, he brings enough motivation with himself.
It's like he can't help but feel inspired after talking to him.
Acteft in chat says, Sky, I had to walk almost 150 kilometers to evolve my only Grimer to a muck.
Well, here's the good news, Acteft.
I got six candies for capturing it, thanks to double candy.
And because it's only half distance you have to walk right now, I've already walked what, I guess, about six kilometers since I caught it because I'm already up to ten candies.
So I'm going to try to get some more walking in probably tomorrow.
I think the event's over, what, tomorrow or the next day?
No, it's through Valentine's Day.
But it's over on the 15th.
It's over right after, so I got to make sure I finish that.
I'll try to walk as much as possible to kind of get the jump on some of that candy.
So maybe I'll only have to walk 100 kilometers, Acteft.
That's what I'm trying for, anyway.
All right, let's get into some other long form news.
Lots of other big stuff happening this week.
This is a huge one, right, Loki?
Yeah, so they announced that Netflix is going to be getting a Castlevania series.
Right now it's just simply titled Castlevania Season 1 Part 1.
And there isn't a whole lot of details other than the producer Adi Shankar said that it's very much Castlevania done in the vein of Game of Thrones.
And they said it's an adaptation of Castlevania 3 Dracula's Curse.
And yeah, he says a second season of the show will come in 2018.
I think it's probably pretty easy. That'll be a slam dunk.
I mean, if they do it just decently, I mean...
Okay, but if it's this year, then it's got to be animated, right? It's not going to be live action, is it?
I think it could be live action.
We don't know if it's live action or animated, do we?
No, we don't know.
I'm thinking probably live action.
I would think computer-assisted animated would be something that could get done this year.
I mean, something like Castlevania, they just announced in February and they're going to have out this year.
Maybe they've been working on it, though.
That seems aggressive.
They're just starting on it, I don't know.
Interesting.
OrangeRideInChat over at live.vognetwork.com says it was rumored to be animated a long time ago, if I recall correctly.
And that's probably what I'm thinking of in my mind is that, wait a minute, I think back when this was supposed to be an animated thing.
So we shouldn't assume it's going to be for sure live action. It could be something animated, right?
Yeah, I mean, we shouldn't assume anything. We don't know yet.
But I don't know. You may remember that they did some... Remember, he did that Power Rangers short as well.
That kind of dark one.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know. I'm cut down.
Yeah. I'm curious to see how this turns out. No, I think this could... Netflix produces a lot of quality stuff, obviously.
Things like Orange is the New Black, Stranger Things. These are great shows.
Now, granted, Netflix doesn't create the shows. Netflix distributes the shows.
But they're only going to distribute things that they have pretty good faith in.
I didn't think would be any good in some things that I thought were good. I used to watch them in R&D more.
Like, I watched He-Man. I tried to show my son what He-Man looked like. I'm like, my God, this show is terrible.
Like, I don't know. I like this thing.
And not everything on...
Buy all our playsets and toys?
It's pretty much. Like, in this first episode, I'm like, the animation doesn't match. Like, these people are rendered, like, very realistically.
And this wizard guy is, like, fucking cartoony. It makes no goddamn sense.
And then...
Not everything on Netflix is a slam dunk.
The kids have been, like, watching Home, which is this, like, DreamWorks movie that's really annoying.
But they watched that, and so I saw that there was a series on there, and I watched the series.
And the series is, like, almost like Adventure Time. Like, the series is fucking hilarious.
And I'm like, I was not expecting that of a spin-off animated show from a movie that was a DreamWorks movie.
And I'm like, shit, this is fucking good, actually. Which is kind of funny.
So, yeah, I mean, Netflix has a good track record, although they're not all slam dunks.
But I feel like, okay, this is good. This could be a very good, like, video game movie.
And I'm using that term loosely, because, yes, I know it's a TV show, but the way they're pitching it, what, this part one, season one thing?
It sounds more like a mini-series, which is, like, a long movie, right?
Which is fine, because that kind of gives it the space.
You know, I think a lot of the complexities with trying to make a video game movie is that a lot of video games take many, many, many hours to beat.
And a movie is an hour and a half, two and a half hours tops, unless you're James Cameron.
So, I, you know, I think having the space to work with time-wise will be beneficial for a story like Castlevania.
And I'm also glad to hear they're going with one of the, you know, they're going with at least a story that fans are going to know.
And is one of the more popular games in the franchise, yet still, because it's an 8-bit NES game, before there was voice acting and dialogue and all this stuff,
it's going to give them a lot of wiggle room to really have a lot of freedom with it.
Well, also just even the genre, you know, it's supernatural, it's kind of that medieval, you know, thing, people like vampires and that kind of shit.
So that'll just be pretty, you know, self-explanatory, so I think they'll do well.
And then for season two, they can base it off Symphony of the Night, so the first part is normal,
and then the second part, they can pull a fucking Stranger Things and do it upside down.
Yeah, I'm, yeah, that's true, they could just do exactly how the games did it, why not? I like that, that's good.
Darzagra, what do you think, hearing about all this, a Castlevania show on Netflix, you guys are a fan of your Castlevania series?
Yeah, and I don't want to think about it, does that make sense? Because I don't want to have an expectation.
Sure, you don't want to run the hype machine too much.
Exactly, because I certainly want to check it out, you know, but at the same time, I know how badly, badly it can go.
Yes, we did see Captain in the series as well.
Captain in was terrible. At the same time, I just really don't want to get my hopes up.
Sure.
I don't want to get my hopes up, and I don't want to talk myself out of it.
At least a trailer.
I'll wait for a trailer.
Wait for a trailer, okay.
But I will reserve my judgment until the event actually occurs.
Okay.
I don't want to have, I can't take another heartbreak.
For what it's worth, and I'm sure there's some people going, it's Konami though, Konami kind of ruins everything they touch these days.
And it's not Konami.
It's not Konami.
It's basically some dude that wants to license that property.
Konami's going to get a residual check and they'll be very happy.
We will add this to our Pachi slot profits.
If anything, if you want Castlevania to come back for better or worse, I don't know how that's going to work,
considering Igarashi is doing his own thing now with Bloodstained, but for better or for worse,
if you want to see Castlevania maybe come back as a game or something, you should hope that this does very well.
Because that's going to light a fire, even if not under Konami.
Under Konami to sell the rights for somebody else to make the game that's capable of doing it.
Pretty much.
I don't want, okay, I do not want a click and point game for Castlevania.
I do not want an adventure game.
I want a fucking platformer.
Heck, I think the guy who did Axiom Verge, considering that's all like one guy who did all that, ought to be trusted to do a new Metroid game.
Although, I could also understand he is one person who is allowed to do whatever the fuck he wants.
He's made a stellar game on his own.
Maybe he doesn't want to do someone else's game, and I would respect that completely.
But my point is, that guy made an amazing Metroid-inspired game.
There is talent out there, even if it's in the indie scene right now, that could create a stellar Castlevania game.
Which will be interesting because at the same time we have Igarashi doing Bloodstained, which we expect and hope will be a stellar Castlevania game.
I'm still, my idea of the pinnacle of Castlevania, I want to say Symphony of the Night because it was really pretty, a lot of fun.
But the last true Castlevania-style game for the same type of platformer was Dracula X.
And I call that the absolute pinnacle of the series. I would love to have that era of Castlevania touched on.
But Castlevania III, not everyone got to deal with Raptor.
Looking in chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com, ActDeaf says, if Castlevania actually succeeds, will this mean we'll get new video game TV series?
Define success. If Castlevania becomes the next Stranger Things, which I think again is what Jamie is warning you exactly not to do.
Don't put that type of hype machine behind it. But of course, if it does well, there's going to be knock-offs that come out.
Stranger Things was awesome because it came out and people just watched it and they're like, man, this is fucking good. It wasn't like we knew what it was before it came out.
Maybe with the whole supernatural thing, you have Stranger Things to thank for this in some way, maybe.
But certainly, if something does well, there's going to be knock-offs that come out, for better or for worse.
And maybe it would encourage Konami to try something with Metal Gear or try something with one of their other IPs. We'll see.
I know. I know, guys. What would Metal Gear be without Kojima, though? But we'll see.
I would definitely go for a Skinemax version of Rumble Roses. It's a long shot.
Let's see. There's some comments on Captain N in chat. RageNator says, Captain N was terrible, but we watched it anyway. Why?
Because there was little to no other gaming programming on TV back then.
Let's see. Bob Coffee in chat talking about Castlevania says, shit, get ArcSys to give it the hardcore uprising treatment.
There you go. There's a lot of those, like, retro studios. What's the other one? They do Shantae and DuckTales. WayForward, right?
They've done a great job with some of those retro-type. I mean, Shantae was their own thing, but it was still in vain of a retro platformer, basically.
Anyway, there's tons of capable folks out there that could at least, you know, again, don't clone Symphony of the Night. You're never gonna hit that level again.
But do a new thing with Castlevania. Take it a new direction. Even the people that did the studios that did the 3DS games, or the DS games, those were even good.
When Igarashi was still around then, too, overseeing it. But anyway, we'll see. We'll see.
You can't tell me there's not someone that can imitate that style. I mean, come on. Everybody's not completely inept about that.
We'll see. We'll see. The other thing I just want to say with the whole Konami tie-in real quick is that, you know, for better or for worse, I kind of still think, not everybody agrees with me, but I kind of think the Silent Hill movie was probably the best video game translation they've done.
It was amazing. It was perfect.
Not everybody agrees. And I'm not talking about the sequel. I'm not talking about the sequel.
I liked it, though.
I'm talking about the original.
I've been seeing the sequel, but the original was good. I liked it.
I liked the second one because it was based off Silent Hill 3, which is my favorite Silent Hill.
Interesting, because a lot of people did not like that movie.
Well, a lot of people are wrong.
I saw a little bit of it on TV, but I didn't really stick with it.
I have it. You can come watch it.
I'd rather watch Showgirls again.
Well, we could do both. Kettlecorn.
Because, you know, in Showgirls, she persisted.
All right. Let's see.
Why can't we have Telltale take on Showgirls, then?
Like a Showgirls game.
Why not? God damn it. Why not? Let's see.
And ActDeaf says, I do agree with you, Sky. Thank you very much. I appreciate that.
Let's see. S2100Matt says, the Earthworm Jim show was pretty good at the time, if I recall.
Oh, yeah. I forgot they have that.
That's true. That's true.
There you go. Some comments from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's move on to some other stuff going on in gaming news this week, which has to do with Twitch.
You know, Twitch, obviously the very popular live streaming platform.
Twitch now has communities in beta release.
This is something that they've just added is now a community page.
And basically what this boils down to is that, you know, when you stream a game on Twitch,
you usually say what game you're going to stream on Twitch,
and then you show up in the listings by game, and people can search by game,
and people can see what games are popular on Twitch right now and all this other stuff.
Well, now what's happening is that you can create communities,
and when you live stream, you can choose one game and one community,
if I'm understanding all these blog posts and things correct,
because this is a brand new thing.
You can stream to one game and one community,
and now when you browse for things on Twitch,
you not only can browse by game, but you can browse by community.
Well, what's interesting is that a lot of the communities that were first popping up were communities for games.
So a lot of the biggest communities you see right now is Heroes of the Storm, Overwatch,
and it's just all the same stuff as the games.
But you start to dig a little deeper.
Okay, a little deeper would be, well, now you see Overwatch pro gamers.
There's a category for speed running, which obviously is a huge fucking deal
thanks to Awesome Games Done Quick and all the efforts around there.
Dig a little deeper, and then you start to find stuff like LGBT streamers,
people that have this common interest, people in a particular geolocation.
I saw a UK channel earlier today.
So now there's discoverability not just by game, but by community.
But it's interesting that you're really limited as a streamer to just pick one community
to kind of promote your stream under.
You can switch it, of course, as you switch your stream,
but I just think that's a really neat thing for discoverability,
and discoverability is really where Twitch is kind of killing it right now.
So I think this is a really interesting expansion for them.
What do you guys think hearing about this?
I think it's good to build on that stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, because what they had before was kind of basic,
so it's nice to be able to have a little bit more other than just the type of game
or the title of the game to go off of.
And the creative directory and all this other stuff not going away.
This doesn't impact creative, IRL, or any of that other stuff.
So this is just another kind of directory.
So it doesn't? Because that'd be kind of cool if they had stuff tied in with that as well.
Like, you know, cooking or Bob Ross.
Why not? You can have a community of Bob Ross fans.
Or like, yeah, I don't know.
We could have a VoG community even, although, see, here's the thing with that.
I actually don't know if that is the particular best use of something like this,
because technically we do have a VoG network Twitch.
We can just set up that VoG network.
I think we have one, don't we, Bobby?
I think we signed up for one and we just have it for those projects we'll get around to someday.
I think we have one, and we could technically set up that feed to just auto-host VoG personalities when they stream.
So I kind of feel like we don't necessarily need a community.
But this is a way to kind of go even maybe a little bigger than that, if that makes sense.
So, let's see, Bobby Blackwolf in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
you got a VoG Twitch. Oh, I did? I guess I did. I signed up for it and I don't even remember.
I hope I remember the password. Bobby Blackwolf says, we were going to use it if we marathoned.
That's right. I know we were talking about doing that type of stuff.
And we probably will get around to it someday.
But, yeah, so I would think we could just, if we wanted to do something,
that we just set that channel up to auto-host, which I had to do.
If I did set it up, I had to just reset the password.
And I'm just going to go in there and set it up to auto-host all the people that I know have Twitch
that are affiliated with VoG network.
Because it's not just us and Bobby.
I know once in a great while I've seen Captain Spike from Game Buoys streaming.
Shane from Ranger Pride certainly streaming.
He's been doing a lot of Resident Evil 7 lately.
So there are other people on the network that do it.
So we could set something like that up, I'm sure.
Pod Culture has one. Thank you.
So that's what we could do for our immediate community.
But I'm excited to, and then see what would happen is that I would say that the VoG network channel
should join a podcasting community or podcasters community or radio community
or something that speaks more like what VoG network is a part of, join that community.
If that makes sense. Anyway.
I'm excited to see how this plays out.
A quick update though. I want to mention in the live streaming space,
there's YouTube Gaming has obviously been trying to come for a piece of Twitch.
But then we have Beam as kind of more of an up and comer.
But a lot of folks paying attention to them as opposed to Hitbox and some of the others
because Beam was purchased by Microsoft.
Well, the Beam streaming just hit Microsoft's alpha program for the people that are in the alpha.
You know how they have those different stages of dashboards on the Xbox One?
So people in the most inner circle of Microsoft hell in their preview program can now stream to Beam.
It looks pretty bare bones from what I was looking at, but I'm not in the alpha program,
so I can't play with it firsthand.
But that is, you know, once Beam is native in Xbox One, that's going to be interesting to see
how that's going to grow that network.
Because, you know, Beam has all the interactive stuff going on with it too.
There's a lot of stuff I do like about Beam and even I'm having a hard time going,
Oh, do I want to stream on Twitch where all the people are at?
Or do I want to stream in Beam because I like this message of the interactivity
and maybe Beam is going to be like the next big wave and you want to be a part of that?
Or do I just go to YouTube?
Probably not because there's a lot YouTube does that I'm not a fan of.
So...
Anyway.
All right.
And they don't have a way to do it to both.
That'd be cool, like a website that would just spit it out to all the different sites.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, is Xtopher still streaming Rayman?
He does stream games.
I don't think he does Rayman anymore, but I have seen him do random stuff on Xbox One.
So there's that.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says, Twitch does have a podcast directory so you could do a live podcast on Twitch.
Believe me, I've given that a lot of thought.
A lot.
It's just going to cost money in upgrades here in the studio.
But it's on my mind for sure.
Anyway.
And Tigerclaw says, you should follow Twitch slash vog network.
Twitch TV slash vog network just in case they do something.
Yes.
Yes.
Just in case.
That would be a good thing to go follow.
And then I'm not above giving my own personal channel a cheap plug.
Rob Roberts.
Over on Twitch.
I don't remember what my channel is.
I think you're Loki O-L-R.
You're either Loki O-L-R or O-L-R Loki.
I could just go look at my auto host because you're on it.
So she...
I think mine's O-L-R Dark Sakura.
Yeah, okay.
Or with an underscore.
Yeah, that's maybe why I'm confused.
I remember mine.
I had trouble moving it from Justin TV.
It was like being stupid.
Yeah, yeah.
Not wanting to come up.
Boy.
Some of us got bit being an early adopter on Justin TV, huh?
With that whole like, you can't bring your names over or whatever.
But anyway.
That's all in the past now.
Let's move on.
More news to talk about.
More big news, right Dark Sakura?
This is another big deal from this week.
Yeah, green light's going away.
Steam green light.
Yep.
Wow.
Bye.
Poor little green light.
This little light of mine will not shine.
So yeah.
Basically, to just recap what steam green light was.
Is that it would allow customers to vote on different projects.
And they are doing away with it in favor of a different more streamlined system that is called Steam Direct.
So green light, the point of it was just to gauge interest.
But now this newer system is going to be...
It's not necessarily as much of a popularity contest like green light was.
As well, developers will be able to fill out a form and submit their game to a compatibility test.
Pay a fee and launch the game.
So right now, for green light, they pay $100.
And they'll have to pay more, quite likely.
The thought is that it can go anywhere up to $5,000.
But they're looking to find a balance.
So they want to discourage questionable quality games.
Just anyone putting whatever they want to.
And actually making sure that the games that are promoted are well executed, well thought out, good games.
This is a tricky thing because I tend to agree with what's in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
JD says internet voting is always super right for manipulation, so that's probably a good thing.
And I think there is a lot of garbage and noise on Steam green light.
But then I think of people like YYR who got his multitasking thing through on green light.
And I'm like, I just, as a fan of his games, I'm excited for him and what that's going to bring and all that.
So it's like, it really sucks that a few bad apples kind of fucked it for everybody else, you know what I mean?
Well, it's not just that too, but they're also getting a generally lower population of voters now.
Because there's so much out there.
Not just that.
There's not a lot of incentive to vote.
I mean, in numbers, people are losing interest in that type of a thing.
But they said this doesn't affect anybody who's using Steam early access where developers can sell incomplete builds of the game.
But just in general, that it hasn't remained a viable system, so they are looking to transition into something a little bit better.
I still think this is a fucking terrible plan, to be honest, because it's not addressing the problem that they've had from day one with green light.
I don't think the voter manipulation thing is such a big deal because, you know, still some games don't get through that process.
And I feel that some of those that don't get through are just shit.
There are a lot that do get through their shit, or some that do get through that look good, but then they're shit and then they don't run.
Because there's not a fucking QA process with the whole thing.
You're paying a fee to put your game on the service, and then you don't do any checking.
And now, all they're doing instead, you're not even going to have the people voting on whether they want the game in or not.
It's just, you pay your fee and it's released.
That's even worse! That's worse than having people vote on your game.
And now, on top of all that, I mean, I guess, general compatibility, what the fuck does that mean?
And now, if I want to release something, I could possibly pay up to $5,000 to do that.
I'm not releasing on Steam, if that's the case, because I don't have $5,000.
And thank you for blocking me from being able to release on Steam, because dipshit's fucking released garbage and you never had a QA team look at that shit.
And you still don't fucking have a QA team look at that shit. It's gonna get worse.
All you're doing is blocking people that don't have money to release on your platform.
That doesn't mean that they're bad developers. It just means they don't have money.
They're trying to make money by putting shit on Steam, and you're fucking blocking that shit.
Thank you, Val, for being fucking stupid as usual.
So, you have quite the tone. You have a very pointed tone about this.
It's fucking ridiculous! Everybody said they need a QA process.
They need a team of people to look at this shit to make sure that it functions.
That it actually is a game that's playable, that's not garbage.
But they're not doing that. Why am I paying like $1,000, $5,000 to the service?
What are you giving me for that? It's per game.
Greenlight used to be you pay $100 and then you release as many games as you want.
And I think that's the problem, because $100 for a bunch of games, that's good for if someone doesn't have a lot of money, but then there's a lot of garbage on there.
So how about this? How about you strike a compromise? Keep the Greenlight system, raise the fee for $100 per game instead.
Then you're not going to get all this garbage on there.
Bobby Black Wolf wants to point out, you do realize you get the money back if it sells, right?
So that $5,000 comes back to you in the sales before Valve takes their cut, basically.
But even with that being said, I mean, $5,000 is a lot of money. That's still a very high bar.
If it was $500, maybe, I mean, that's, you know, it's still nothing to sneeze at, but it's still relatively reasonable.
Even if you couldn't come up with the $500 yourself, you could probably crowdfund it with minimal ease if your game is worthy.
But it's still ridiculous so that someone would have to go through it.
And I bet you anything, the quality of games is not going to fucking differ on there, especially if you're getting...
And so what if you get that money back? Who cares if you get the money back?
Then what's the point if I'm paying that to you? How about you just charge less money and actually use it for something, like a QA team?
Ragenator in chat says, Loki OLR is right. There needs to be QA. Digital homicide is prime example of why QA is needed.
They're just part of it, I mean, but there's a lot of shit out there, not even digital homicide crap.
They're just crazy people. And that's just, they're just simply unplayable games.
Like, just shitty games that are on there that they just don't function at all.
And you just, there needs to be someone checking this, or at the very least, you know, have the community say,
Hey, notifying Steam, report this game because it's not fucking playable, and then they can look into it.
SSG100Matt says, How does Apple handle their app space for mobile stuff?
Well, yeah, I mean, Apple obviously does some sense of QA policing on their games, well, and apps,
because, you know, there's a process to get listed on the store, but at the same time, there's a lot of noise on that store.
You know what I mean? There's a lot of, like, garbage apps on, like, games and people trying to make a quick buck.
That's what ratings are for.
Like the whole, when Fire Emblem Heroes came out, a bunch of these games that are just garbage games
renamed themselves to Fire Emblem Heroes tic-tac-toe, Fire Emblem Heroes, just to kind of get found in the searches and things like that.
You know what I mean? Like, it's just, there's a lot of, like, poopy caca things out there.
But at least, at least, now to be fair, at least, I think what Apple, you can't really QA if a game is good.
That's too subjective. But at least what Apple is doing is making sure this isn't gonna cause your phone to explode.
Like, what happened to their mouse?
Well, Blackwall's saying he had a $5,000 amount. That was in the actual article.
They were saying they were considering pricing between $100 to $5,000.
Granted, $5,000 I think is gonna be a stretch, but even if it was $1,000, that's still fucking ridiculous.
I mean, considering that, then fine. You know what's gonna happen because of that?
If you fucking do that shit, we'll go to other platforms.
You know, release a Humble Bundle or Humble Store that, you know, it's not a Steam version of the game or something like that.
I don't know if it needs to be on Steam to be released on Humble, but there's other places, but...
Several people in chat yelling out itch.io.
Dungeonbuster pointing out itch.io.
Parodied Steam's move with their itch.io direct page that requires no applications or approval necessary.
And I have heard, you know, if you haven't poked around on itch.io, I haven't, and I admittedly have used it very, very limited.
So, I do need to go around and poke on there a little more because I hear there's a lot of good, like, even free...
Like, just like the shit that would have been in the demo scenes in the Commodore 64 days.
You have that type of stuff that exists on itch.io, so there's a lot to find there.
I'm just worried that, like, this kind of stuff is going to stop people from releasing their stuff.
How are you going to make money if, you know...
Like, even locally, we've got indie guys, you know, that are literally two-man teams going to release a game.
Where are they going to get the funding to put this out there?
And even still, like, with Steam Greenlight, that's also a way to generate hype for something because you have it being viewed by a lot of people seeing that this is coming out.
And they're able to kind of promote it and stuff like that.
Now that's not even going to be a thing anymore.
I just... This is not... Raising the bar of entry level is not going to solve the problem.
Because you have a quality issue, and if you're not checking the quality, then it's going to be the same problem still.
To be fair, let me ask this last question here.
Could it be that what they're trying to do is, since they just don't have the money...
Which I kind of don't believe, but at the same time, they say they don't have the money or the capacity to hire the people to do QA checks or what have you, to look for these kinds of quality things.
Could it be that the fact that the money you're paying up front, which you do recoup if you sell enough copies of the game, the fact that the game should be able to sell...
What, if you're selling a $10 game, what, 500 copies to get $5,000 back, if it's that high? We'll just make that up.
That is the quality check. Is your game worthy of selling 500 copies? That's the quality check.
I don't think that's it at all, because if you make it a really obscure game that's of good quality, but just doesn't sell.
I mean, I don't think that necessarily... That doesn't dictate the functionality of the game.
You could have a game that looks really good, but just is fucking broken.
And if people buy it, I mean, how's that going to work with refunds and stuff? I think the whole idea is stupid.
But hey, if they really don't want to go the route of QA, then they're just not going to have quality... They're going to have a quality issue on Steam, which is what they have already.
Yeah, and maybe even selling 500 copies of a game can probably be a bit of a challenge.
Because I want to say, you remember the guy that we had on our show a couple months ago, and he did the Cap President game? Remember that?
Well, we've been following each other on Twitter a little bit, and he was posting about some of this stuff.
And I want to say, he said that his latest game had only sold so many copies that he wouldn't have recouped a $5,000 cost.
Yeah, I mean, what if you make a small game that's like you're charging 99 cents on there? Doesn't mean it's a bad game, it's just a short game or an artsy game or something like that.
And then... you're fucked. Or what if you want to release a free-to-play game? Then what? I mean, it's just... it's not good.
I just don't think this is the way that they need to go about it. I think that a QA process would be good.
And granted, I'm not expecting them to be able to QA test to death this stuff, but if you're charging like $100 per game, and let's just say that that doesn't get recouped, that's just a part of doing business on Steam, which I'm fine with.
Have that $100 go to pay somebody to look at the game for a few hours. That, I think, will give you a good idea.
Alright. Well, I'm sure this will only develop in the coming weeks, as there are plenty in the community like Loki who have very strong opinions on this that Valve is going to have to listen to for better or for worse.
So we'll see what happens in the coming weeks. In the meantime, though, we do need to move on with some other news. Loki, you have the next story.
Yep. So let's talk a little bit about Valve some more, and what they actually are doing since they're not putting out a QA team.
They are going to be developing VR games. There are some more full VR games, and these are unlike the stuff that they released before, because remember they did like The Lab, which was, I think, that whole Portal 2 thing.
But yeah, so basically you're saying they have the ability to think about input and devices and design systems should be like, and when he's trying to design games, their sense is going to be to allow to build such more better entertainment experiences for people, because now they develop the VR hardware, so let's make some good VR games that go along with that.
I just want them to release something. That's really it. Just release a game. Portal 3 preferably, but anything with a 3 in it would be great. Anything would be good.
Even an on 3 would be fine. But you do know that they have been doing these little games for the HTC Vive.
Ironically, the number of games that are in development right now in Valve? 3. They have 3 games in development. 3. Half-Life 3 confirmed.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase CLUB.
Moving on, let's talk about a different company. I don't want to talk about Valve now. Let's talk about Square Enix. Why not? Let's talk about Final Fantasy for a little bit. Or in this case, we'll talk about Dissida. I don't know if I ever say the same name. Dissidia. Is that what it is? Dissidia.
Final Fantasy Dissidia is the fighting game spin-off, of course, and so it's kind of big in the arcades, and I think...
Is it out in the arcades yet? Because I remember seeing the trailers for it, but I didn't know that was...
I thought they had two versions of it out, actually. There was an original one, and now there's a second version that's out.
But anyway, director Takeo Kujiroaka in Weekly Famitsu Magazine had mentioned that if we can export it to the world as a high proficiency competitive fighting tool, while also an enjoyable team battle Final Fantasy, it might even rise up as an esports event.
If that happens, the next would be a global tournament, right? I can't say too much, but I want to use these sorts of ambitions to make Dissidia Final Fantasy an even better game.
So, could Square Enix be looking at doing something kind of like what you see with Capcom Pro and all this stuff, Overwatch League and all this, but something that's a little more around this Final Fantasy Dissidia game?
I think Final Fantasy has the built-in fanbase for something like that. I think it would attract probably new people that may not always necessarily get into fighting games, just based on the strength of the Final Fantasy characters.
I think there's a lot of interest in this game. I think where it's not doing so well is that we are sitting here going, we're not sure where you can get this game right now, or how many versions of it actually exist.
Or if it's even out.
That should be pretty fucking clear if we want this to be an esports game and something that's going to be catching on a little bit.
So, don't make it something that you can only get in Japan only either or anything like that.
But anyway, let's move on to some other gaming news. Just a few more stories and then we'll get to this week's classic system of the month.
In New York, the Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman basically claimed that Time Warner Cable defrauded its customers by providing slower than advertised internet service.
And this actually came about because of thousands of League of Legends players, especially ones who were not just playing it but were also watching the streams.
There is an 87 page complaint that was released on the first of this month that said that it was also further complicated by the fact that Time Warner Cable merged with Charter and basically increased their profitability while lowering their overall speeds.
Also in this claim is that they also worked to confuse the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission.
So, this is all going to be going forward. The claims start from January 2012 up until now.
And that they also added that when it was Spectrum that they leased modems and wireless routers that were incapable of providing the advertised speed.
I can tell you what I know of our local provider that they also do that here. You get much better speed if you buy your own.
They were noting that when they connected wirelessly, subscribers on a 300 Mbps plan were only getting 15% of the promised speed and so on.
So, yeah. This, I mean, honestly enough, I think this could set a great precedent.
Yeah, I agree. Cable companies are doing shady, shady fucking things as cable is starting to become more irrelevant in the age of the internet.
And now your cable providers are basically your internet providers and they want to make their money wherever they can.
And this is where we get things like data caps and all this other stuff.
The only thing that led to an improvement in performance was, in this case, Netflix and Riot Games paying the provider to improve access to their customers.
Oh, hell no. Oh, hell no.
So, yeah. It's basically...
This is why net neutrality is important.
They said that it took the open internet order to solve those issues.
You know, so it's shady, shady shit. It is shady as hell. And while they can get away with it, they're going to do it.
This is why we regulate business.
Yeah. And I just, you know, again, I don't want to get too political.
But the rumor is the person that they're bringing in that's going to be overseeing the FCC question mark.
Sorry, I don't have the source right in front of me. Maybe somebody in chat will correct me.
But is kind of anti net neutrality.
And we'll see. Actions speak louder than words, so I'm not going to jump to judgment.
But if that is true that this individual is anti net neutrality, that sucks.
And this is why. Like, this is why I'm telling you this is bad.
Because now you're going to have, like, even this radio show could possibly be something that is not going to come through full speed on your internet or possibly even at all.
Because I'm telling you, if your cable company wants us to pay money to open up the port so you can do shoutcast or whatever, fuck them in their ears.
That's not happening. But this is why net neutrality is important.
Well, in conclusion, they want, I guess in this case, Spectrum, because that's how it went under, to produce an accounting and disgorge all money.
This is a quote. Moneys resulting from the fraudulent and illegal practices alleged.
They're also asking for a series of civil penalties ranging from two thousand dollars to five thousand for each violation of New York law.
So. And of course, Time Warner Cable is like, we're sad that they did this after our merger. Me.
We do good stuff. Me.
But but but is it true, though? Is it true, though?
Me. Allegedly.
All right. Moving on. Loki.
OK, so.
Let's talk a little bit about delays, and unfortunately, I kind of figured this may have been something that's going to be delayed since we haven't heard too much about it lately.
But yeah, during, I guess, the latest Ubisoft earnings call, the South Park Fractured But Whole has been delayed yet again.
And now it's going to come out in the next fiscal year, which relies anywhere between April 1st of this year to March 31st of next year.
So no idea when that's coming out.
Well, that sucks. That was when I was looking forward to.
Yeah, me as well.
But here we go again with the whole bad game is bad forever and if it needs more time in the oven to be good.
That's true. South Park was fantastic. You know, the Stick of Truth was a great game, so I'm willing to give them time.
So it's like it's one of those things where, like, I don't know how else to express this. I'm upset, but I'm not upset.
I'm not upset if they have to take the time to make it just right, but I'm upset in the moment that I was hoping to play it this month and I won't be.
But then again, if it was supposed to be coming out around February or March, then you got Mass Effect coming out.
Exactly. Mass Effect Andromeda, we have Zelda, so okay, you know, I'll deal. I'll deal.
And at least what? The pre-orders are still getting the Stick of Truth on PS4 and all that, right?
Yeah, in fact, ironically enough, they refunded my pre-order for that, but I still got Stick of Truth.
Really?
Yeah, they did something, I think, either when it got delayed or something happened where they refunded the amount that you paid for that, but I still keep the free game.
Come on, Noel Gus in chat says April 1st would be a perfect release date. Why not? Although, that seems like a little soon.
And now I feel like this is probably going to be summer. Like, if they've gone to this length to delay the game, they didn't delay it 45 days.
Yeah, they're not going to make it miss the fiscal year just because they want to do a joke release date.
This is now summer or even potentially fall. Summer seems likely.
Probably.
But I guess we don't know. So, alright.
And come on, Noel Gus in chat says I hope Mass Effect butt play makes up for it.
Me too. Do you see there's already fan communities around some of the alien characters?
Are they going to fracture that butt hole?
Yes!
Yes, you can always fracture butt holes in Mass Effect, that's true.
Well, I mean, I only run like one of the now biggest Mass Effect tumblers.
Oh, oh, well, oh, excuse, excuse, I am in the presence of royalty, excuse me.
I'm almost about to hit the 10,000 person threshold.
Congrats.
I'm Mass Effect-ing.
Congrats.
Well, anyway, the fandom is wanking. The wank is happening. There is just all kinds of wankage.
Wank!
Alright, let's move on. One more story for you guys and we'll get to our classic system of the week.
And this has to do with, hey, something a lot of you are looking forward to on the Switch, Splatoon 2.
And many folks, you know, are going to be excited to play this this summer.
But guess what? Maybe you'll get to play it a little sooner. How about March 24th?
Yeah, no, the game isn't releasing on March 24th, but they are going to be doing a global test fire for the game.
You may remember that they did this with the original Splatoon.
And you could play Splatoon, the multiplayer modes, online to kind of like stress test the servers, basically, for free for a very limited amount of time.
So the bad news is it's not like all weekend long or anything. It is still some very limited windows.
But on March 24th, you'll be able to play from noon to 12.59 Pacific and from 8 to 8.59 Pacific.
And then on March 25th, you can play from 4 to 5 a.m. Pacific, which obviously they're doing that for other time zones.
12 to 1 Pacific, 8 to 9, a minute before 9, come on.
8 to 9 Pacific is on the 25th, and then on March 26th, you can play from 4 to 5 a.m. Pacific.
So, yeah, they'll be doing this Splatoon test fire. It's still going to be limited in scope.
You're only going to get to use four weapons, and there's going to be like remixed versions of the Splat Roller and Splat Charger.
That will all be available on the eShop, so something else to look forward to on the Switch in March, if nothing else.
I mean, yes, it's very limited in scope, but at least you know you get to spend a good hour or two with Splatoon 2 in March before June.
I feel like you're going to say something real bitchy here, Logie.
You would be correct. It's limited in scope, kind of like the launch lineup for the Switch.
Anyway, let's get to the classic system of the week, of the month.
Thanks for the spoilers, Rob.
How am I supposed to promote this? You fucking changed everything this year.
That's right.
I don't know what to do anymore.
I'm a lady. I can change my mind.
Anyhow, every week Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and then finds a game that she thinks, hey, you ungrateful brats, you should be checking out this game.
Screw your buttholes in Mass Effect itself.
These are kind of the list of systems I wish I had.
But once a month, Dark Soccer likes to surprise us by saying, you know what, I'm going to give you a whole system to play with this month.
It's the classic system of the month, Dark Soccer. What did you pick for the month of February 2017?
I picked the PC-FX. Ever hear of it?
No.
The PC-FX was made by NEC, so it is in the family of the PC Engine.
I actually have heard of this. I just said no to let you chat.
It was released on January 23, 1994, right after the PlayStation and a month after the Sega Saturn.
And it is, of course, the successor to the PC Engine.
So for us, the PC Engine was the TurboGrafx-16.
It was only released in Japan. It looks like a PC tower, and it was meant to be upgradeable.
But the graphics system in it was pretty outdated by the time it came out and pretty underpowered.
So it actually was a commercial failure.
So they say it's still got its pretty big fan base like any system can have.
It also had a general lack of developer support, so it had fewer games.
And basically, it was NEC's last gaming console and was discontinued in February 1998.
Basically, it was meant to be, like I was saying, the competitor with Saturn and the PlayStation.
And they built it under this 32-bit architecture called Iron Man.
And they demonstrated Iron Man at a few trade shows in 1992.
And we're starting to discuss the release of an Iron Man-based video game system with their developers.
And the PC Engine was still super, super popular at the time.
So people were like, hey, we're pretty happy about this.
But there were plenty also, though, who were uninterested from switching to the more powerful hardware while the PC Engine was still alive and well.
PC Engine was still kicking ass.
So they put the project on hold and put more work into it so that they could release it when all the other ones were there.
So by the time they released the PC-FX, it still was relatively unchanged from what they had displayed in 1992.
The only big difference is that they added a 32-bit RISC CPU.
It actually, as a console, Famicon Tsushin gave it an 18 out of 40.
So not very good review.
And also, it didn't have a polygon graphic processor.
So it really...
I just, ew.
Yeah.
Probably held it back a little bit.
And their reasoning for this was that they were relatively low-powered and it would make everything look blocky.
Which, I mean, yeah, that's pretty much what 3D graphics were at the time, right?
But the target audience was supposed to be basically the ones who had grown up with the PC Engine.
So they were looking for basically five years older than the standard PC Engine user at the time.
And, of course, NEC and Hudson Soft had been in bed for, like, ever.
So they were really relying on Hudson to do a lot of games.
But really, the biggest things that came out were just different anime franchises.
So that's why if you look at the list of the games, it's all like...
Like, there's like two Zenki games.
There's a Cutie Honey game, which I think I linked to the Cutie Honey music in the background.
Just basically all of that era of 90s anime out at the time ended up somehow or another making it into a game.
It also... a lot of the... with the PC-FX, they also did have computer versions of it.
Like the NEC PC-98.
So it was a built... you could get it as a built-in card for your PC.
Some pretty interesting stuff.
I mean, it's... yeah, the hardware's just really not exciting for its day.
And the total games released were 62.
Only 62 games that came out for this system.
I think the only thing that's done worse was, like, what, the Engager?
No, because there was the Super Graphics.
And I think there were only eight games for the Super... six or eight games for the Super Graphics.
How many games for the Pippin?
Girl.
But anyway, though, it really is, though, a unique system.
And for... you know, I'll admit this, I went and got plenty of Saturn games, you know, based off of anime I was into at the time.
Like, I've got the Utena game and Blue Seed and... just a handful of them.
But at the same time, you know, there is one thing, though, that I do super like about this is that...
I'm trying to go back and find the picture so I can describe it.
I like the controller on it because the controller is...
It looks like it's a slightly more comfortable version, I think, of the six button turbo pad that we got for the Turbo Graphics.
Let me go through some of the games on here just to, you know, list for people the general thing.
I mean, you had... you know, for anime stuff, you had Amigami-sama.
You had... there was actually a series of anime freak games.
There was... let's see if you... there was Cutie Honey.
There was Zenki, Galaxy Fallen Yuna.
There was Little Red Riding Hood Cha-Cha there.
But for me, for some other games on here, though, we had...
There was... All Japan Women's Pro Wrestling Queen of Queens was another one on there.
There were a few, but mostly, though, from what I noticed, like, just a lot of, you know, interesting platformer games.
Yeah, there was even a Tenchi game, just looking over the list.
Voice Paradise. Yeah.
So, yeah, not too many impressive things. Oh, and a Mahjong game.
So, not too many really impressive things on there.
But it's worth noting that it was NEC's last foray into console development.
So... and there you have it. The PC-FX.
Your classic console of the month. The PC-FX.
Yerp.
Alright, go buy one today. Just kidding.
Go buy me one today.
I just really want it more for the novelty, although if I was looking at that in a Duo RX, I'd get a Duo RX any day.
Alright, we are going to take a quick break, but don't go anywhere.
We have plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come, including your calls and all that over on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
We also have some more news, including a new hack for the NES Classic. That'll be a good time.
And, of course, Dark Soccer wants to talk about Mass Effect Andromeda.
It probably involves butts.
It might not.
Alien butts.
Alright, we'll be back after this quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio. Stay tuned.
Hi, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 675, already in progress for this February the 12th of 2017.
Happy Valentine's Day, I suppose.
Or Single Awareness Day, whatever the case may be.
You know what, just whatever your relationship status is, just go eat some chocolate.
Or don't. If you don't want to support the chocolate industry, then don't. I don't care what you do.
Make sure that they don't employ child slaves.
Are there chocolate companies that do that? I hope not.
Plenty of them, actually.
Oh, God.
Hershey's is one.
Is nothing sacred anymore?
Like Willy Wonka.
Is there anything not problematic in the world that I could enjoy?
I would just be great.
Rob.
What?
What must be done with knowledge and vigilance?
Well, sometimes when I'm shopping at the dollar store for candy, I'm not exactly in my most knowledgeable or diligent mood.
It's just, right?
Alright, anyway.
Speaking of the dollar store, I had heard, I had not checked locally myself, but one of my friends gave me like a heads up type of thing.
That like those Lego dimensions sets that were like $15 at the time they came out were being found at the dollar store for a dollar.
So like some of that stuff is like ending up on super clearance.
I did not see that at the dollar store when I was there yesterday.
I did not see that at the dollar store when I likewise was there yesterday.
Of course, there's a dollar store in every other corner. So, you know, it might just be one brand versus another.
It's Legos. I would buy them for a dollar. I'd buy that for a dollar.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
Hey, so something else before we get into rapid fire news tonight. Something else I've been getting, I guess, told about a lot this week.
Because I know it's sad, but I don't really follow a lot of this anymore.
But, you know, obviously our show was founded because we were all playing DDR together at the arcade.
And, you know, we had a show about the community about that for a long time.
And I kind of feel like the video game company that was making DDR kind of abandoned it for a little while.
Like for years, not doing anything new with it. And then, you know, now it's kind of coming back in the past few years.
But it's kind of one of those things where it's like, yeah, they kind of lost me, you know, at that point.
When they kind of, I feel like they kind of turned their back on it for a little while.
But anyway, all my personal feelings about that aside, the reality is I don't follow this scene as much as I used to.
But I know a lot of you guys do. And I'm sure a lot of you were taking a look at the whole DDR World Championships that were going on this weekend.
Specifically, it was the Konami Arcade Championship. And I guess it was the sixth annual that they were doing.
And it was part of the Japan Amusement Expo. So they did the DDR World Championships.
And what made this particularly notable was that they actually had some Americans join in the competition.
And IAmChrisForLife, who's one of the Americans who qualified for this, actually won the whole damn thing.
So there it is. And it was all streamed online. People were watching this.
And I was just thinking like, man, how awesome this would have been in like 2007 when we were kind of changing.
No, 2006, we were kind of changing direction on our show a little bit.
Like, I would have loved to be commentating on this and doing more with this.
For me, it honestly feels like 10 years too late. However, again, I'm not knocking it.
I think it's great that like a newer generation or so to speak, like can still have DDR and that it does have a place and is a thing.
And we kind of see a resurgence of it coming up because of places like round one, Dave and Busters that are trying to keep the arcade thing going in America.
So for that, I think that's really cool. And pretty nifty, Nito, that the first time Americans go to the competition, they end up taking the trophy.
So I think, Nito, how many countries in all participate in this? Is it like, I know a Korean guy had won for the past couple years.
I'm sure Japan, the US now. I'm sure there's gonna be other countries too. But is this like, is this a full on Olympics?
Do we have, you know, over 100 countries represented or is it just maybe a handful? I don't know.
But anyhow, they were, I guess, showing the actual courses they had to play and some of the songs.
And what's funny is that some of the songs I recognize, like Dead End, right? And Paranoia Revolution, or just it must be another Paranoia rebirth.
But Dead End was the groove radar special. So that means it was a different version than what I remember in good old DDR USA mix back at Roseville Golf Land, which actually had Dead End in it.
And then a song called Egoism 440 was also in it. I don't know what that is. And then what's sad is that I see the guy, I Am Chris For Life, getting his trophy and he looks all happy and, you know, as he should be.
And then it's DDR's main composer, Yulchi Asami, was presenting him the trophy. And I'm like, who is she though? I have no idea who this person is.
And it's kind of sad. Like, I actually don't know who this person is. I remember when Naoki would have been the one handing over the trophy. But, you know, people move on. There's new things to do. What have you.
All right. Let's move on and get into some rapid fire news. I had to acknowledge that because, you know, the roots of the show are in DDR. And, you know, it is cool that even though some of us have fallen out of love with it when Konami kind of wasn't doing anything with it for years, that it can still be there. Anyway, let's move on with some rapid fire news. Loki.
All right. So I'm kind of happy that, granted, a lot of foreign episodes from Liberty City are now part of the backwards compatibility for Xbox One. That almost gives me a reason to pick up an Xbox One to go back and play those again. But, yep, that's pretty cool.
So check those out if you haven't done so already. And then come along with that. I have an old game coming back. TimeSplitters. They're going to be doing a remake of the original game called TimeSplitters Rewind. And they had a teaser that came out for that. Apparently now it's scheduled to come out maybe in 2018.
But no real words on what exactly it's going to be. But I'm happy that TimeSplitters is coming. And it's a fan-made project, but it's got the go-ahead from Crytek, who owns the right TimeSplitters right now.
That's good. Getting that go-ahead is good because otherwise you get a season desist. So, you know, Nintendo would probably not be giving any go-aheads anytime soon. But something like TimeSplitters, a little different. So, cool.
Tekken 7. I'm sure some of you guys are looking forward to. And Tekken 7 will be coming out on the PlayStation 4 as well as the Xbox One.
But we have some of the details on the PlayStation 4 release. There's going to be a collector's edition that will have a 12x18-inch figure of Heihachi and Kazuya that are fighting. They're punching each other in the face.
There's also a steelbook and a Tekken 7 soundtrack. There's going to be an exclusive jukebox mode in the PlayStation 4 version of the game, which will let you play songs from all versions of the game series in a mix while you play the game.
So you could, I guess, jam to Tekken 3's soundtrack while you play Tekken 7 if you want. There's also going to be some exclusive costumes for certain characters from Tekken 4 and Tekken 2, so you can kind of see characters in their classic styles.
No word yet on what Microsoft's exclusives will be, if any.
Moving over to Nintendo for a bit. One of the launch titles for the Nintendo Switch that we were saying here on OLR a few weeks ago, that in our humble opinion really should have just been the damn pack-in game, but Nintendo's doing something different with it. We'll see if the risk pays off.
1-2 Switch is the game I'm referring to. Nintendo of Japan confirmed this week that there will be 28 minigames in 1-2 Switch. That's the number of minigames there will be, so it's more than like seven, so I guess that's kind of cool.
Some of the minigames include Wizard and Baby.
Yes, I'm watching the video for Baby right now. This looks fucking stupid.
I'm watching the trailer for Baby right now here.
So you actually hold the Switch like it's a baby, and there's a crying face on it, and I guess you rock it up and down, and it will go to sleep.
That's just my face with an actual baby.
This is kind of creepy, actually. Well, now what happens if you do bad? What happens if you shake the baby? Which you should never do. It's a bad thing, but I have to ask the question. What happens if you shake the baby?
Does the baby cry more? It dies.
That would be kind of morbid, though, for a Nintendo game, wouldn't it? Don't do that.
And then the wizard looks dumb, too, but it looks like they're doing the wizarding battles of Harry Potter.
Okay, that's kind of cool, though.
It's just lame, though. I'm sorry. This looks so dumb. It's so dumb.
But Loki! Baby! It's a game called Baby!
Yes, because what parents want to do when they're not with their children is fucking pretend to have their children. No. It's dumb. Why did someone put any effort into that minigame? Seriously. Where is the fun in it?
Well, look at that dumbass. He's really rocking that controller like it's a baby. Oh my god, that's so fucking hilarious. I'm so drunk. I mean, it's so... This game should fucking die in a fire. It's absolute garbage.
Alright, let's move on. Some more rapid-fire news, Dark Sakura.
Well, Bethesda's got some sales going on this weekend, which is pretty much over now, but oh well. Dishonored 2, Elder Scrolls V Skyrim, the special edition, Elder Scrolls Online is also on sale, Morrowind is on sale, Doom is on sale, Fallout 4 with the season pass is on sale for almost half price.
So, if you're listening live, go get them. They're cheaper. It's actually going to be going on through Monday the 13th, so you got a little bit of leeway.
And then, some news on the Marvel edge. Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 is actually when the Evo 2017 fan selection. So, guess what? You can play it now at Evo if you go. And if you don't go, watch it and don't suck.
Just play it at home. Play your home version.
But they tried to get Pokken Tournament added. And Killer Instinct. So, Pokken Tournament won like $67,000 in donations, but Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 took it with $71,690.
That's still pretty close.
They should have just done both. Let the Pokken nerds have their time. Come on. Alright, fine.
Actdeftinchat says, Pokken, fuck UMVC3. See, some people are very upset about this whole situation. Why not just have room for both? Oh well.
Deadpool is not in Pokken.
How many versions of Smash are they doing at Evo? Couldn't they replace one of the versions of Smash with Pokken? I know that might be sacrilegious, what I'm saying, but come on. How many versions of Smash need to be there?
Anyway.
Fifty.
Moving on, let's travel around and check out what's in stores this week. Is UMVC4 out yet, Loki, this week?
No. That's infinite, remember?
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, there's not that. But there are four different games I have on my list here. So, starting off with Deformers. That's on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
I see what you did there. Deformers. Because there's four games.
Four. That wasn't intentional, I'm sorry.
For Honor. Hey, all these games have fours in them today.
On PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Sniper Elite 4 on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And sadly, the one that just has to fuckin' be different, Ride 2 on PlayStation 4.
No, it's now Ride 4.
It's now Ride 4.
Ride 2, 4, Ride 2, and 3 never happened. They were cancelled.
This is Ride 4.
Alright, traveling over to Japan, and on the 16th this week, you can also get For Honor out there.
But you can also get Sango Kushi 13 that apparently comes with a power-up kit.
That is something that's available as well. Oh, it must be like an online thing. That's what this is.
It's one of those, like, Romance of the Three Kingdoms-looking games, and so I'm guessing the power-up kit is something that gets you stuff online.
Cup of noodles.
It's not cup noodles.
There's also Momo 2G Taisen Ryoku comes out in Japan this week in a regular and a premium edition.
So that is something to look forward to on PlayStation 4.
And then Digimon World Next Order International Edition is also out this week.
So maybe that's something Dark Sakura will be importing. I don't know.
I don't know her life.
Going over to the Vita, Momo 2G Taisen Ryoku 3 is also out on the Vita, as well as Kamaitachi no Yoru Rene Saisei, and Diabolic Lovers Lost Eden in regular and limited edition out on the Vita this week.
And on the 3DS this week, nothing. There's nothing on the 3DS until March 2nd is the next release date over there.
Let's go to the UK, Dark Sakura.
In the UK, we have on the 16th Layers of Fear for Mac, we have The Escapist The Walking Dead for PlayStation 4, and on the 17th we have Californium for Mac and PC, and Rainbow Moon for PlayStation 4.
Swell.
Yeah, but the swelling's gone down.
The swelling's gone down.
Alright, let's go to the mailbag. Every week you guys email us. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And Dark Sakura likes to jump into the mailbag, which she surely logged into before the show to be well prepared for tonight.
And she pulls out an email or five to read on the show.
One, I almost said one lousy email, but I'm sure it's a great email.
But it's just lousy that we only got one.
We don't read the lousy ones.
That's true. So anyway, let's get to it. Here's the email tonight. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Hey OLR crew, AZHP here with another report on the Nintendo Switch. I got to try it out after the Zelda escape game, which was fun.
A little on the easy side for an escape game with between a 30-40% escape rate, whereas the other rooms from this company are closer to 5-15%.
After the escape game was over, people who cleared the game were able to try a 20 minute demo.
The kiosk I was on had the same muddy texture problem that Stoppy talked about on the Skype call last week.
However, after finishing my demo, I noticed my friend's kiosk had perfectly crisp 1080p textures that looked better than PS3.
I told an attendant about that and she thanked me for notifying them of the problem and said they would need to fix a TV setting.
My guess is that it wasn't a TV setting, but the Switch was stuck in a portable mode of some sort which downscaled the resolution and it didn't switch properly when docked to the TV.
Interesting. It didn't switch.
Hopefully this is a problem Nintendo will fix before the release, because if people like Stoppy and I are going to receive these types of experiences and then speak on social media or podcasts about it without realizing that the Switch actually can output really tight graphics,
it's going to harm the perception of the Switch.
God, just imagine if that was the E3 for 15,000 strangers to go play.
Right. With that being said, my other gripe with the system is that the analog nubs feel almost like the PSP analog nub and that there isn't a whole lot of nuance or precision you can apply to the stick.
If you've used a PSP before, you probably know what I'm talking about, but where you can't really input a walk rather than a run, it's basically all or nothing because there isn't a lot of space between 0 and 100% on the stick.
Hopefully that makes sense. So basically it's not very sensitive.
Or it seems like it's such a small controller there's no space between pedal to the metal.
You need a lot of fine motor control.
You could get one of these really stupid add-ons that you would stick on top of it to raise the height of it so that you can do that.
You'll need to play with some nipples to practice.
You could just have small hands, like somebody.
Built for Trump, good for gamers.
Anyway...
I'm still hopeful about the Switch, but I'm still not going to pre-order one since I'll probably enjoy playing on the Wii U gamepad more than the Switch gamepad given my demo experience.
And if the muddy texture problem is something that doesn't get fixed soon before or after launch, that's going to be a really big problem for people.
I'm trying to get the phrasing on this one, so I guess imagine if the difference between a Wii or even the game...
It's phrased funny, so I'll just say it as it's written.
It imagined the difference between a Wii or even GameCube game and a PS3 game.
It was that dramatic.
Anyway, hopefully you've all found this email helpful. I have.
I'm writing it on my phone since the power is out due to the storms we've been having in the Bay Area.
Take care everyone, you're truly AZHP.
Thank you, I'm happy to be hearing from people that are getting their hands on this thing around the country as they've been doing that Nintendo Switch tour.
And I heard about the whole escape room, which I totally forgot was happening in San Francisco.
I wanted to go do it, but I'm sure it was a lot of people.
Was it the Resident Evil one?
No, there was a Zelda-themed escape room.
I've had a busy month, so I didn't get around to doing it.
I think the Switch tour is going to be in San Francisco at the end of the month, but I'm kind of like, well at that point it's like one week until the Switch releases, so what's the point?
I don't want to go have to fight all those crazy Nintendo fans and stand in line for a few hours to play something that I will be playing anyway in one week.
I can wait. I can wait.
But it is weird to think we're only a couple weeks from the Switch release.
We're what, like three episodes away from the Switch release?
It's crazy.
Coming out of nowhere at the same time.
JD in chat says it's coming back, there's still an opportunity to do the room.
Oh, that's good. I want to, yeah, come on Nogust in chat says the room is coming back to March, coming back in March to Japantown.
Maybe I'll have to go then. That'd be fun.
Just to do the escape room, obviously in March the Zelda demo part won't even matter, but I think the escape room thing would be fun.
Alright.
Well that's it for emails. Participate at orangelandtrader.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
In the meantime, we're going to get to Loki and then we're going to get some calls. Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about Activision. They had their investors meeting and released some numbers.
So they brought in $6.6 billion in 2016. I'm assuming most of that is from Blizzard.
Let's see here. That's a 42% increase. They're saying that, of course, Call of Duty and Overwatch were a big part of that.
And they're, of course, touting that they had 447 million players. I guess users spent over 43 billion hours consuming Activision Blizzard content.
Alright, good for them I guess.
With that also, of course, this year in 2017 there's not going to be a new Skylanders game, which is good because I think it's getting very stale.
I think it's been stale for a while now and so they're taking the year off because, I don't know.
But they're going to have a new season of Skylanders Academy. If you give a shit about that, I sure as hell know.
In fact, I've tried to pitch it to my kids saying, hey, you want to watch this? And they're like, nope. I have no interest in that show.
And so I'm like, okay, cool. Don't have to worry about it.
And also, along the lines of that, Call of Duty, they're kind of reeling it back in. So this year it's not going to be ridiculous space combat, but more traditional combat.
So they're not going all sci-fi. Probably copying the whole EA success with Battlefield 1, so we'll see.
I'm glad Skylanders is taking a fucking break. I think they need it this year.
Yeah, that thing's been driven into the ground for a while now and it's just ridiculous. I don't know.
I just wish the whole Toys for Life thing was cheaper, but the one I want is Lego and Lego ain't getting cheaper ever.
Well, except for the discount I mentioned earlier. My friend said exactly what store it was. I'll tell you where the dollar store is that she saw them at, but I don't know if they'll still be there.
Can't guarantee that. But maybe even places like, not even dollar store, but like big lots. Like there's a big lot that's not far from here.
I was so pissed. Like they had like a $12, like they have these little kid sets that they have sometimes for like Marvel stuff. They had one that had Lego Loki in there and I was like, ooh, I should pick that up.
And I neglected to do that. Now they don't sell it anymore. And that pisses me off because I can't get it now. I'll look online.
All right. Well, uh, if you have an NES classic, which I guess more of them showed up, I saw suddenly on Friday, like I saw a bunch of people on Twitter were suddenly going like, oh, I got mine today. So I guess another wave must have hit this week.
I check every now and then when I'm in a department store and see the electronics section.
You guys know how I feel about it. I can kind of give her to, if one happens to show up at the house. Sure. I'll play it. I'll use the office. We will do some live streaming with it, but I'm not really thrilled to get one.
So, but actually then I hear about this kind of stuff and I'm like, okay, well that's pretty cool. Maybe I want to buy one just to fuck with it. Like everybody else has been doing.
Uh, and sure enough, you know, hackers going to hack and that's what's happened this week. Um, so, uh, there's a big community of NES classic modders on Reddit because of course Reddit is a place where a lot of people kind of converge.
There's a Reddit called NES classic mods that's available. And, um, there's stuff there on, I haven't, no, I haven't really gone and really dug into the Reddit myself a lot, but as I understand it, there is a tools there for hacking the system.
Uh, and apparently things like hacking the NES classic to run ROMs of games made for other consoles. And there's a YouTube out there now where the NES classic emulates things like Metroid 2 Return of Samus on the Game Boy, The Legend of Zelda Link's Awakening on the Game Boy Color, Pitfall on the Atari 2600, Sonic the Hedgehog on the Sega Genesis, and Super Metroid on the Super Nintendo.
Meaning that little chip that's powering the NES classic is good enough to be running Super Nintendo games, which really isn't that surprising. I mean, it's a Linux PC. Yeah. Yeah. And you consider like, what are those, what do they call the things you, the tiny, tiny, tiny computers you get for like 30 bucks?
Raspberry Pi.
That's it. Raspberry Pi. Like a Raspberry Pi can fucking around Super Nintendo games at full speed on it. So why can't the NES classic? And you're right. They're just basically little tiny Linux computers. Like it's basically a Raspberry Pi type of thing.
And, you know, where, where, where there is technology, Linux will be installed on it.
If it's not already.
If it's not already. Uh, and I'm sure Linux is then the way that you get all these emulators and so forth. Uh, so yeah. Uh, these, uh, these programs are, were put in with, uh, what's called Hack Chi 2, uh, which several NES classic modders came together to build.
Uh, they say it's actually relatively easy to install and let you put all kinds of games on the NES classic. So Loki is currently in the computer looking, so have fun.
Oh no, I was just looking at something else.
Gotcha. But, um, yeah, so when you get your NES classic, Loki, are you planning to put a bunch of other crap?
Uh, yes, of course. That's really the main reason I want it.
All right. All right. So, uh, yeah, we'll see, uh, if Loki gets his hands on one or if I just decide to finally fricking jump and get one, we'll see.
Anyway, Dark Sakura, you got no time for the NES classic though, cause you have other things to look forward to, right?
I got alien butt.
Um, Mass Effect Andromeda is supposed to have customizable characters for multiplayer.
So instead of just having whatever is there or, you know, give your Krogan pink armor and call her Krogal, like I might have done, or, you know, uh, a Drell named Kermit.
A very limited palette, basically.
Yeah, very. Um, that you are supposed to be getting a little bit more customization for your multiplayer. So that's pretty cool.
I mean, I did kind of like how Dragon Age Inquisition did their multiplayer, that you just had preset characters that you could play as and they were their own character with their own story that actually had an effect in the game.
They were, you would send them on missions and Isabella was in there. Anyway, so, um, they haven't really given too much about this, but say that, um, it's going to be, uh, certainly a bit better.
So, and of course we're going to find out in March when the game is released. Also, um, they're also pretty certain that, uh, some of the regular multiplayer characters as well have alternate skins and that you might be able to put them through, um, uh, cosmetic changes with transactions.
Not microtransactions. Even a tenth of a cent is a transaction. So, bite me.
Um, also, uh, as far as, um, the romance options, PB is a romance option. She's a Dorbz. And there is a Lady Turian named Vetranix. Because Turians are the best.
So you can romance a Lady Turian this time?
You can romance a Lady Turian.
What about the, like the only human is what, Liam?
There's a few.
Well, there are women in the game, Rob.
Sorry, I have my eyes on the men.
There, there are other human characters on the team. And a Salarian. Yeah, there's, there's all over the place. I think it would be funny to romance a Krogan. That would just be funny.
Um, but anyway, um, the hope is that there may be like some kind of open beta so that people will kind of get their hands on it before and also test for things like, you know, servers and stress testing and stuff.
Well, last week there was that demo story, right? There was going to be a demo a few days before, so there's that.
That's only if you were in the early access for Origin.
Oh.
So, but it'll be out on March 21st and I will be playing it on my poor dying computer.
I was going to say, I think that's an EA club thing that you sign up for.
Oh.
Your premium.
You're not going to get that, suck that money out of me, EA. Nice try.
Nerp.
All right.
Uh, well, I'm looking forward to be able to customize my character, uh, without being limited to what I only get in loot boxes.
Although I guess some of it will still be loot boxes, but hopefully not too bad.
All right, uh, Loki, what do you have for us?
All right, so let's talk about Nataku.
Not Kotaku, but Nutaku.
And Nataku, for those who may not know, it's a hentai game website that you can download or play online hentai games and that kind of sort of stuff.
So what they're doing is they actually have their own crowdfunding platform called the Red Light crowdfunding platform.
And of course, Red Light or Kimochi is dedicated to adult games.
So you can go back different projects, including different visual novels.
That's a funny name for it too.
Kimochi?
Kimochi Red Light?
Well, Kimochi is, uh, like feelings, sensation.
So it's an apt name.
Yep.
So you can go back different projects on there.
Um, and of course, you know, teams are developing that stuff.
So like, for example, they've got, it looks like several visual novels.
There's some strategy games, some clicker games.
I'm all about clicker games.
Just what Loki needs, more clicker games.
So yeah, go check it out.
And that's it, of course, um, Kimochi.co.
That's K-I-M-O-C-H-I dot C-O.
All right.
Uh, one more story here for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Uh, and that is a brand new update for Super Nintendo's NBA Jam Tournament Edition.
Obviously, this is an unofficial update.
But, uh, apparently somebody has put together a ROM hack for NBA Jam Tournament Edition on the Super Nintendo,
which it doesn't really affect the gameplay, but what it does is it affects some of the game rosters,
so that you can actually use players in the new NBA Jam Tournament, uh, or this newer NBA Jam Tournament Edition that's been hacked.
You can use players that are actually out there now, like LeBron James.
Um, and then you also get teams that were not in the original game, Toronto, Memphis, and so forth.
Uh, so all the players have had their attributes edited to match their current abilities.
Uh, and then you can also unlock NBA legends, like Kobe Bryant, Michael Jordan, and so forth.
So that's pretty cool.
And in the classic style of NBA Jam, there are also pop culture and political characters that can be unlocked.
So you, you know, like, cause remember in the old, uh, 91 or 92 NBA Jam, when it first came out, you could play as Bill Clinton, right?
Yes.
You could play that and, uh, so you could like unlock, uh, political figures.
So of course, uh, now in NBA Jam 2K17, you can unlock Donald Trump and you can unlock Hillary Clinton.
So you can fight that battle all over again if you like.
But if politics isn't your thing, you could also unlock characters like Kanye West and Harambe.
Because of course...
He's not going to move very fast cause he's dead.
Because of course it's on the internet.
So somebody fucking put Harambe in it.
So there you go. That is all a ROM hack.
So it's very unofficial and not going to be supported in any official capacity.
But I'm sure there's some people that will be downloading this and probably putting it on their NES Classic Minis now at this point.
And there's so many people in chat that are like, God damn it. God damn it.
This is why we can't have nice things in response to the whole, uh, Harambe, uh, being in the game.
So there you go.
Uh, anyhow, let's open up the Skype line over at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
That's Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Uh, Loki, while we wait for some calls, do you have any last minute news you want to get out?
I don't.
What?
Sorry.
Wow, we must have covered all the bases tonight.
Well, we do have some calls coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft. How you doing, buddy?
Uh, kind of good. Kind of good.
Good. What's up?
Well, um, I want to talk about, uh, Marvel vs Capcom 3 on an Evo.
Yeah.
Um, where do I start with this?
Marvel vs Capcom 3 is an old, really old game.
First of all, I don't know if you watched the last Evo, well, last year's Evo.
I think I saw one of the championships, but that was about it.
I think I might have seen Street Fighter 4's championship, but I didn't watch a whole lot of Evo otherwise.
Well, basically...
I'm not super into fighting games, to be fair. Like, I like them.
You know, I'll play them here and there, but I don't get into the scene like other people do, if that makes sense.
Yeah, yeah. Basically, to give some context, last year, if I remember correctly,
Marvel vs Capcom 3 had the lowest participant account last year.
Like, they had, I don't remember if just over 500, maybe less than 1,000, but I don't remember exactly.
Even games that aren't as popular like Killer Instinct, I think Mortal Kombat had more participants that year than Marvel vs Capcom did.
Because, again, that game is old.
The tiers don't change that much. I think they pretty much use the same three or four characters over and over again.
And it's just boring to watch. It's boring. It got boring to watch.
Okay, I'm gonna ask a tough question here, though, because knowing that you're a fan of Pokken, and knowing that Pokken narrowly lost the spot to UMVC 3, is this bitter feelings here?
Are you only dumping on UMVC 3 because you're really mad it's not Pokken?
You know, I know I'm a fan of Pokken. I love the game, and I would have given anything to see Pokken instead of Marvel vs Capcom, but any of the other games that they announced for the fundraiser, it would have been perfect.
I mean, there's a community for Killer Instinct that would have loved to see it again at EVO.
Well, I was gonna say Killer Instinct was in it last year, if I remember right.
But yeah, it's still getting updates and so forth, and I'm surprised even that even Killer Instinct, Microsoft at least in this part, isn't supporting it for EVO.
ARMS would have been a weird choice, but at least it would have been different. Don't know about the other games. Maybe School Girls?
I don't know, maybe it is some of the resentment, but again, there were so many other choices that they could have gone to.
And Marvel vs Capcom, I don't remember if it came out in 2011 or 2012, but again, the game is getting old, it's getting stale.
It's not even worth watching, because again, the characters won't change, the tiers won't change, it's the same strats over and over again.
At least with Pokken, you have some strategy to it, with the Rock Paper Scissors thing, but I don't know.
If I was an EVO organizer, I would have just skipped Marvel vs Capcom, because Infinite is coming next year, most possibly, and people are probably hyped about that.
I know that it's already released on the PlayStation 4, the upgraded version, the HDR version, but still.
Is there plans that you know of for a second Pokken game? I feel like this game kind of does better, especially as taking it seriously as a fighting game, than I think a lot of people anticipated originally.
But I really feel like the demand is probably there for a sequel, and the fact that maybe this is something that should be on the Switch, because again, the Wii U, having not sold a lot of units, had a more limited scope of who would play it.
Yes, I realize Pokken is in the arcades, and that's a whole other element of it, but I would think Pokken, shouldn't we be getting that on the Switch? Like a new version of it, or at least Pokken Tournament with all the extra stuff or whatever?
Yeah, and I'm going to remember an article since Pokken and Street Fighter V, I think, came out at the same time, and Pokken sold more copies than Street Fighter V at the moment.
Most possibly, I'm pretty sure it's getting a sequel, because that game pretty much sold in the Wii U, even though not many people probably played it or even know of it.
If not a sequel, at least support, because the arcade does have the updates and the new characters. So maybe an update with all the characters from the arcade in a new version, maybe?
Maybe, but I don't know if Bandai Namco wants to port it, but it would be kind of dumb not to do it.
Yeah, I really think they should take another shot at it on the Wii, and maybe even get it a bigger audience, and maybe that could make the difference to raise the money to get Pokken in it next year, if it doesn't just get in on its own merits.
Yeah, and the controls for Pokken are really simple, so you can pretty much use the Yoikons, so it wouldn't require that much work on it.
Yeah, true. Alright, well, actdeft, sorry to hear that Pokken didn't make EVO, but hopefully there'll still be plenty of Pokken content to consume out there in places like Twitch and so forth, and still a good competitive scene out there for it.
Yeah, there's at least a Pokemon Championship, so hopefully it gets its place there, but yeah.
That's true. Alright, my friend, I'm gonna let you go to get some more calls, but thanks for the call.
Hey, thanks for having me.
No problem. Bye.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype if you want to call in tonight. 1-877-GAMO-LR if you want to do it the old school way.
Let's get to another call. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, what's going on, everyone? It's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma, how you doing, buddy?
I'm doing pretty good. How is everybody else?
I'm good. Tired. Between Pokemon Go, and I don't know if I mentioned this on the show, but I hosted Rocky Horror last night, so that kept me up to like 1.30, so I'm tired.
Did you get some coffee at least?
Oh, God, you better believe it. I had coffee on the way to San Francisco yesterday. I had coffee this morning. I had coffee before OLR, and I'm supposed to be cutting back on coffee, but some days, that ain't gonna happen.
Now, was it Dunkin' Donuts coffee?
No, because the nearest Dunkin' Donuts is like not that close. I have to go basically all the way to Roseville or Folsom, which from where I'm at is kind of far. I know you don't even know where these places are, but they're far.
It's the other side of town. It's like going to one of the other boroughs, Ranma.
Well, I have to make sure I send you some Dunkin' Donuts coffee, because evidently, I did send you a package. It was supposed to arrive Saturday, but thanks to the post office, you won't get it until Monday.
I didn't know you sent us a package. I'm excited.
Yes, and there are explicit instructions on the package to not to open until the next show.
Oh, okay. All right. I'm excited what this could be. All right, all right.
I refuse to give a hint because you might figure it out that easily, but I wanted it as a complete and total surprise.
All right. Is it coffee?
No.
Okay. I was like, dang, I figured it out real quick.
Vacuum sealed donuts.
To be fair, I do want to point out, we can get the Dunkin' Donuts grounds at Target, so they sell that, and then the K-Cups, they sell at Baskin-Robbins, believe it or not, because it's all, I guess, the same chain or whatever.
Yeah, it's kind of the same company, yeah.
When those first came out, it wasn't that way. I remember on one of his trips out here, JV Mon brought the K-Cups before you could get them out here, but now you can get the K-Cups out here.
Especially since the whole Keurig thing really blew up in popularity, and it's like they sell those things everywhere. The Dunkin' Donuts stuff's pretty easy to find out, too.
Sounds good to me.
So what's on your mind tonight?
I want to talk about a game review.
Okay.
All right. Now, Jamie.
What?
I'm going to play a song. I want to know that you can identify this song.
Okay.
Yes.
Hot-blooded downtown story.
Or, as we had it, River City Ransom.
Yes. I want to talk about River City Ransom, Tokyo Rumble for the 3DS.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
I will say this in a nutshell. It is amazing. This is how you do a proper port with retro graphics. The soundtrack is up to date. It is amazing. This is a great game.
That's quite a compliment to it. Tell us a little more.
All right. Basically, the plot of the story is there is a new gang in town, and they're causing trouble for Kunio and his crew.
So Kunio decides it's best to find some of his friends who run other gangs to run this main gang out of town.
It's your basic side-scrolling, punch-kicking. Now you can do three buttons, so you can actually jump, punch, jump, kick.
You can still pick up all of the classic items from the original game, plus you can level up your character.
Well, that's pretty cool.
And you get the option of switching between multiple characters throughout the game to level them up. You can buy clothing for better, for armor, for weaponry.
And you can do unlockable minigames such as dodgeball and, I believe, basketball.
That sounds fun.
Yeah, it sounds super fun.
And the best part is it's just the original game. They just translated it and left all the original voices intact.
So it's just like playing the original NES version in a way.
Fun. Do they barf?
Yes, they do.
Awesome.
Some of the characters do barf.
Rad.
And what's cool is you still hear that sound effect when you defeat them, plus there's an audio effect of them barfing.
Fabulous. Fabulous.
It's not the same if there's no barf.
Any type of street passing or multiplayer involved, since it's 3DS?
Not to my knowledge, because I think I'm the only one in my area with the game, so I haven't gotten anything to pop up in regards to it.
Alright, well that's okay. I was just curious if that was a feature, since it is 3DS and that's something we're doing on that system.
Definitely.
I know there is two versions. There's the regular version, then there's the limited edition, which comes with a Kunio keychain.
And I got lucky and got it for $34.99 online.
Nice!
Not bad.
Yeah, I believe I actually linked you to that once.
Did you?
Yes.
Okay. Sorry.
Way to stay on top of all your messages, Dark Soccer.
You know what?
I wonder if it's on the eShop. If I just want to be lazy and play it tonight, get it on the eShop. I'll have to look.
You know what?
It might be, but you know what? This is one of those games that's worth having a physical copy, because I believe only a limited print of these is going out.
Mmm.
Agreed. They didn't get it.
They probably had somebody that was too young when River City Ransom first came out to really appreciate it.
Yes, and I will say as much about the original. This was one of those games I would sit there and play it all damn day, because I did not care for that password screen.
I'm like, I'm just going to play, pause the game, come back, and keep playing, and just pray that my NES doesn't freeze.
Well, video games are supposed to be fun, and if you're having fun with the game, then more power to you.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Alright, my friend, I'm going to let you go to try to get maybe one more call before we wrap up for the night.
Awesome.
Thank you. You take care.
You too.
Alright, bye.
OrangeLoungeRadio. All one word on Skype. If you want to do it the old school way, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Let's see.
Oh, Dark Tetsuya says, actually, I meant Double Dragon 4. I don't know what IGN gave River City Ransom 3DS in all fairness.
That's a correction there from what I said in chat from Dark Tetsuya, because Dark Tetsuya had said before that in related news, I'm kind of curious about Double Dragon 4.
That's what else we played at my house, by the way.
Yeah.
It was Double Dragon 4.
But my response would honestly still apply. It could still be somebody too young to recall the original Double Dragon and kind of, you know, playing that on the NES.
I don't think those games hold up well over time. That's me personally.
But, DarkSakura, you guys, did Dan get Double Dragon 4? Have you guys been playing that at all?
Yeah, Dan actually finally beat it by using a Bobo, or as I've been calling him, a Dobo, because I've been hungry for Filipino food lately.
Sure, sure.
And basically I've been calling him every flavor of a Dobo, including Green Hulk, a Dobo, because he's actually got the green version with the purple pants that looks like the Hulk.
So it's funny.
Yes, I remember.
And then the one I can't remember who I always refer to as a self-immolation man, because when you beat him, he blows himself up.
Right.
And then there's like these really annoying Kunoichi in the game. Just really annoying. But finally beat it.
All right. Well, I guess that is going to wrap it up for the Skype line tonight. But if you want to still get in touch with the show, you can always send us an email.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
So no last minute stories, Loki? Nothing else that came through?
Just a note about the latest patch for Overwatch, the PTR patch. Apparently there's an issue with Bastion right now that if you use the passive ability Ironclad, as well as, I guess, I guess in Sentry Tank mode, it reduces damage by 35%.
Then there's another bonus that's Ana's Nano Boost that does an additional 50% damage reduction, making him pretty much unkillable.
Oh, interesting.
I heard about the Bastion changes on PTR. They've been kind of trying to make Bastion a little more like something that because Bastion is kind of the character not a lot of people are playing, even though fucking I got play of the game with Bastion in a Mystery Heroes match.
Because again, it's so easy to just sit there and make a turret somewhere and then just pick everybody off if they don't know where you're at.
So yeah, Bastion still does have its usefulness, but I do kind of see where he's also like, if you make the smallest mistake and give away Bastion's location or whatever, he's so squishy and really easily defeatable.
Not anymore.
Yeah, not anymore. Although it is a test realm, so that could possibly change. And Nano Boost is also really situational. It doesn't last forever. Ana only is able to power you up for a few seconds.
So I mean, I actually am kind of okay with him being mostly invincible as part of Ana's ultimate, if that's what they want to do, but we'll see. We'll see.
Alright. Well, I guess that's gonna do it for another edition of Orange Lawn Radio. Thank you guys so much for tuning into the show tonight. We appreciate all the support.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lawn Radio, please tell a friend or five about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but you know, only if the voice is out there to use them.
So we'll go around and give everybody's final thought for the night. My final thought for the night is I want to play more, I think I actually do want to play more Oblivion, but maybe I just want to get into Skyrim HD already.
Being surrounded by all the Elder Scrolls fandom is starting to finally rub off on me a little bit, I think. But then, of course, when Mass Effect comes out, it'll all be over because alien butts.
You still need to play well with me.
It's a monthly fee. You gonna pay my fee?
I might for a month, if you play with me.
We'll see, we'll see. I heard the cost of those, I heard the cost of those.
It went up to $80,000.
Because, do you know why that happened? Because Blizzard made it so that you can use those tokens to either buy a month of WoW or redeem $15 of Battle.net credit.
So people are now using them to buy the $15 in Battle.net credit to get loot boxes in Overwatch.
So that's driven the prices of them way up.
Fuckballs.
Yeah. Anyway. So, Dark Soccer, your final thought for the night?
Resist.
And Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is when I was speaking with Gabriel earlier this week, he was telling me, you know, I was just explaining my situation at hideout time or anything.
He said to make the smallest game I could possibly make, so that's, I guess, what I'll do. Make the smallest game I could possibly finish.
Alright, so next week we're gonna play it?
I don't know. I already have an idea, so we'll go from there.
Here we go again. Another idea. Another one of Loki's ideas.
I have tons of ideas. I have lots of ideas and I write them all down.
Make it. Make it. Alright.
That is it. That's gonna do it for tonight's episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys again for tuning in and listening. We will be back in seven days to do it all over again.
Until then, be nice to each other online and playing games and stuff. Don't be rude. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
you
