This week, celebrate naked pixel bodies with the Early Access release of Conan Exiles and a PlayStation VR bug in Dead or Alive Xtreme 3. There's plenty more safe-for-work news to share and it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, episode number 674 for this February the 5th of 2017. My name is Rob Roberts and joining me in studio as always, welcome back, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm rude.
You're rude. Yes, you are rude and hateful and all those things.
Rude, crude and unattractive.
No, you're actually nice. It's a front that she puts on everybody.
I'm a bitch.
Being in total control of herself.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Or like that song in the 90s. Do kids today remember that song? I'm a bitch.
I hate that song so much.
Really?
Like I hate that song and I hate the What If God Was One of Us song.
I actually, I, okay, you want to hear?
I hate the Blind Melon song too, rest in peace.
What? I love that song.
I don't.
Okay, now you are rude. Never mind.
Damn.
We're not talking to you anymore. Say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm fine.
Do you like Blind Melons, No Rain?
It's okay.
Alright, you can stay. Alright, how have you been though? How was your week?
I was filled with spending time with the kids.
That's good.
Eh.
Don't worry.
You're kind of over it. You want him to be 18 already?
Also say hello to our chat room. Those of you guys that join us every week.
Live, Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, although not tonight.
There's this other event that people seem to care about.
I mean like Lady Gaga put on a concert and the whole world had to stop.
But to be fair, it was a really good concert.
I know, right?
Yeah.
That was the best 13 minutes of my life.
It was pretty good.
Meanwhile, there's birds murdering some patriots in Houston.
I don't know what's going on.
But anyway, I guess that is continuing.
People who make more than small countries bring in.
Bobby was off somewhere tonight beating a drum in response to.
His hand will probably fall off with all the touchdowns going on.
So is it Superb Al Birdemic 3?
That's right. Yes, Superb Al Birdemic 3. I love it.
But anyway, hi chatters over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, AkumaJP tuning in tonight all the way from Japan saying,
Almost forgot it's Monday. Almost break my OLR cycle.
That's right. It's Monday morning in Japan.
Good morning, AkumaJP. Hope you're doing well over there.
Enrageinator telling DarkSakura how it is.
No rain by Blind Melon is fucking awesome, DarkSakura.
You tell her. You tell her.
Anyway, we are here to talk about, of course, video games,
gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle over the next about three hours or so.
Or until we're done.
That's how long this show is. Until we're done.
We weren't here last week and I just want to say sorry about that.
Because usually we try to give you guys like a lot of notice,
especially because I know like AkumaJP or the other folks in our chat right now,
folks will make time in their schedule to be here live to participate with the show
and maybe call in and have their chat comments read and so forth.
So last week we had to cancel at the last minute.
I was sick, y'all. There's just really nothing to do about it.
Had a really nasty sinus thing going on.
And it was one of those things was like there was no way I was going to be able to talk for three hours.
I know y'all understand, but still I still I feel bad about it.
And then my co-hosts don't want to be anywhere near me because they don't want to get sick.
That's all right. The kids were all sick.
I came by anyway.
I was like, actually, yeah, Jamie came by for a minute anyway.
I thought about doing mini-OLR.
I brought you coffee.
But yeah, she brought me coffee and other hot drinks to make me feel better.
And, Loki, your kids were sick anyway.
Yeah, they're still sick and my wife's sick and I'm fine for right now.
For right now.
Until it's set to inconvenience me the most, which will probably be in a couple days.
Yeah, there still may be germs laying around the house, so be careful.
But the good news is if you need something to sterilize the germs,
I have this lovely wine that I picked up yesterday that has alcohol in it.
And alcohol kills germs.
So that's why you should drink some of it.
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news to start off this week.
Let's catch up on some things we missed last week.
We have some stories from last week peppered throughout the show.
Some big stuff that came up.
But I thought we'd start with one tonight about what's going on with Xbox One.
I mean, we start off a lot of shows lately, anyway, talking about the Switch and what's going on there.
We have some big PS4 stuff coming up.
But we don't show the Xbox One enough love here on the show, so here we go.
Going to open with an Xbox One story tonight.
Although, maybe this isn't love, I don't know.
I want to know what you guys feel about this.
Snap Mode officially confirmed that Snap Mode will be going away this week.
Soon, sorry, it was confirmed this past week, that Xbox One's Snap feature will be going away.
And I believe some people are starting to see it as part of this update that they get with the beta program and so forth.
There's a tweet out there from Mike Ybarra from Xbox who says,
We replaced Snap to improve multitasking, reduce memory use, improve overall speed, and free up resources going forward for bigger things.
What could that be?
Anyhow, Snap Mode, if you don't have an Xbox One or you weren't using it, it was a big thing when Kinect was around
because you could literally use your hands to snap things, although they replaced it with controller features.
And it was a way that you could watch TV while you were actually, that's why they had the TV bypass on the Xbox One.
So you could actually watch TV in the corner, like in a small corner, while you are playing a video game, so you can multitask.
But another big feature that I know some people are going to feel the pain of a little bit is that some folks were using it for Twitch.
And by snapping Twitch to the side of the screen, you could stream your game via Twitch and see your chat comments.
Now you'll still be able to stream via Twitch, that's not going away, it's just going to run in the background, kind of like I guess the PlayStation 4 does it.
But the PlayStation 4 is set up differently because Sony kind of built in that screen thing into their firmware basically.
Which I would love to see that even more customizable, but I'm getting on a tangent there, this is about Microsoft.
So you're not going to be able to see the chat comments anymore because Snap isn't going to work the same way.
Now to be fair, Microsoft or Twitch may release an updated version of this that would allow something similar to what we see on Sony's system.
Where you can kind of flip back and forth between modes where the chat is built in and so forth.
But for right now, with this, you're not going to be able to see chat when you do Twitch.
Unless of course, you do a second screen. I know I've done that when I've done streaming on PlayStation 4.
I mean I don't stream a lot a lot, but I have done streaming from PlayStation 4.
I distinctly remember I did a No Man's Sky stream when that game first came out.
And because that game has really, you know, graphics were a big selling point of that game.
I wanted to do full screen with no camera or anything, just me kind of messing around.
And so what I did is I did chat comments on my iPad.
So I used like a second screen to be able to see comments.
But I realize not everybody certainly has that ability.
So those are just some of the features that Snap mode had.
There's also the music player and so on.
So I'm just curious what you guys think about Snap mode going away.
Is that a good thing? Is that a bad thing?
I don't know. But I know my co-host here in studio, neither one of you own an Xbox One, right?
No, I don't.
So it's not like you really had a chance to use this anyway.
I wouldn't have used it probably anyway.
But what you're hearing about it, what do you think?
I just don't think that was very utilized and so it's not a big deal.
And they'll have something to replace it, so who cares?
What do you mean by something to replace it? Do you think-
Well, they said in the comment that they have something that's going to be replacing it for multitasking and stuff.
I see.
Maybe they'll have something that works better than that.
The new alt-tab feature to bring your Windows 10 and your Xbox One experience closer together.
Well, they still don't have those universal apps yet, aside from some of the games and stuff.
Yeah, some of the games.
But they don't have a lot of the app stuff available.
It's supposed to be, oh, hey, you developed it for the Windows 10 marketplace and there you go.
You can run it on your Xbox One or something.
Would I be able to run PowerPoints on my Xbox One? That might be something.
I'm not sure why I would ever do that, but I'd just like to know that I can. Who knows?
Tigerclaw in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says they are removing Snap to boost system performance.
They should have researched that when they were working on it.
And let's see, AkumaJP in chat says, what is this one thing you guys are talking about?
I'm not sure it exists in Japan, AkumaJP.
If it does, you might have to ask at the electronics store and it might be in the back.
There might be one in a closet somewhere.
Like, check next to the cleaning supplies.
That might be where the Xboxes are in Japan. I don't know.
Kaijuto also in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I've never even heard of Snap mode. What is that?
Well, hopefully we explained it a little bit for you.
But it was supposed to be one of the features that put the Xbox One, you know, it was supposed to make it more attractive compared to its competition.
Skype is another one. I want to say that YYR called this show using Skype on his Xbox One.
He was probably using the Snap feature to do it. I don't want to put words in his mouth.
But I'm pretty sure that is something you can do is you can Skype on Xbox One's Snap as well.
Which is a pretty good way to be able to video chat and all this stuff.
Which, you know, you can't even really do on the Wii U even though it has this whole second screen.
Well, it's okay though.
Yes, you can video chat but not while playing a game.
It's okay. You can't really video chat on the Xbox One anyways because they don't sell the Kinect cameras with it anymore.
That's true.
And so, you know, what's the point because your phone, which is probably not a Windows 10 phone, has, you know, Skype built into it as well.
Yeah, it's just, I think it's just a feature they're not using that often and they can get rid of it and boost performance probably somewhere else.
It'd be more beneficial.
TigerKalonChat says, but a console removing advertised features is no surprise. We've seen this done before.
I wonder if that's a little dig at the other OS thing going on in PlayStation.
This isn't the same thing at all. Other OS was like a completely new set of, you know, you could basically run a whole other OS.
This is snapping an app to the corner of the screen.
Yeah, it's more of a design.
Okay, damn. I guess I can't do that at the same plate. I don't think anyone really gives a shit about that.
I still can kind of see the perspective of this is not the OS that you advertised but, okay, it's a little different but I still can see why maybe some people would be sandy about it.
But I want to talk about Xbox's operating system on the One to begin with because I've got to be honest, and I am an Xbox One owner and I do like the Xbox One.
Y'all know I love Forza and, you know, Halo and things that you can only do on Xbox.
I kind of think the Twitch app runs better on Xbox but anyway, I digress.
I do think though the OS and the layout and all that stuff is a fucking mess.
It's just a mess. It is really hard to navigate with a controller.
I understand they built it for Kinect but how long has Kinect been gone now?
Excuse me, I guess it's still around for the loyalists.
No, it's not.
Microsoft has not been pushing the Kinect for quite some time.
They're pushing the Kinect like Sony's pushing the Vita.
Touché.
So I feel like the Xbox, to begin with, is a mess.
Especially compared to PlayStation 4.
Fuck, Wii U is a pretty clean interface all things considered because there's not much there.
But it still is pretty clean compared to the Xbox One.
And it's not that Microsoft doesn't know how to do good, you know, firmware for their operating system.
I think the original Xbox 360 was something a lot of gamers really liked and kind of missed to be honest.
The blades?
The blades, yeah. I think the blades was great.
Especially compared to what we have now.
Honestly, it's really hard to find some things.
Well how are we going to get those advertisers in there if we're...
Fuck the advertisers.
Gotta have those Yaris ads or whatever.
Do not buy a fucking advertising box for my TV.
Fuck the advertisements.
What are you going to do about it? We can just change our fucking firmware whenever we want.
And those ads are going to be there. What are you going to fucking do about it?
You're going to throw your system away?
Sony has advertisements, to be fair.
But I don't find them as annoying because they're kind of, you know, they're kind of in the place...
Like they're in the store where you would, you know, like this game is advertised on sale now.
You know, when you're looking around a store.
It kind of makes a little more sense.
Whereas like I feel like on Xbox One it's just like, it's just bleh. Vomited.
Yeah, don't get me wrong. I mean I can understand, you know, cross-promoting stuff in the store that they're actually selling stuff.
But I'm talking about like on Xbox where it's like, you know, watch this on, you know, NBC or something like that.
Or hey, buy a car, you know. That is totally different.
Okay, some other comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Brad from Pod Culture says, the Kinect is an excellent Skype device.
We used it for episode 500 to get Christina in on the show.
So yeah, I mean, hell, this show relies on Skype as well, which is not through our Xbox.
But we love getting calls from Xboxes.
Let's see, sj100matt says, yeah, I don't really like the operating system either and I like my Xbox One a lot.
And Raginator in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, blades with red rings.
Okay, the red rings was not what I was talking about.
It was a completely separate issue, which yes, Microsoft deserves crap for.
But that was, you know, years ago. I think we're all past it.
So, but the operating system itself worked fine.
So anyway, I'll be very curious to see what Microsoft plans to redirect those additional resources for.
I mean, if they're getting rid of snap mode, they must be trying to shave off some always stored memory that uses that snap thing.
So I'll be kind of curious what they're going to use.
They're going to have a lot more processing power for all those Silverlight ads that they'll add.
All right, anyway, let's get into some other gaming news after we take care of some other business here at the top of the show,
including how was your gaming week?
What types of video games have you been playing this week? Dark Sakura?
I've been playing Smite the Patriarchy.
And I'm kidding. I've been playing...
One of my longest, oldest friends, Neil, just walked into the studio.
He's here to pick up some wine that I got on my trip yesterday.
So yes, anyway, but he's showing... Is that Amiibo? Is that a Pucci Amiibo?
Oh yes, there's a Pucci Amiibo. Oh, he just threw it over here at me.
See, this is why we need to be on video.
That is an Ami... Oh yeah, there it is. Look, on its butt.
Amiibo, you touch its butt to the screen and that's how you can unlock Pucci.
That's from the new 3DS game, right? Okay, yeah.
Touch its butt.
That's what I thought. I touched its butt and now I will give it back to my friend, Neil, who I've known since I was 12 years old.
There you go. Anyway.
So we've been playing Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past, actually.
Old school.
We're on the Dark World now and it's been pretty fun.
But I'm like the one who knows where all the stuff is in the game and kind of navigating hubby through it.
So it's been pretty fun and I'm actually still playing World of Warcraft.
I'm super loving Legion. I wish more of my friends would be on to play with me.
Not that she's going to guilt trip him or anything.
Well, but I've really been having a good time playing and I've actually made new friends.
And I spent like 10 minutes earlier today berating somebody for berating our healer.
Because if you're going to be a shit to somebody who's actually doing a good job, expect to be giving shit back.
You know, I'm just saying. Be nice.
Shitlords in my MMO?
It's more common than you think.
But apart from that, I haven't really been doing a whole bunch.
And this is the reason I was out last week.
I actually have a chronic sinus infection.
Chronic?
Chronic.
Not like Snoop Dogg chronic.
No.
The difference between it is that there's something that's causing the infection to stay up there.
So I'm on six weeks of antibiotics.
Fun.
Also means not a lot of game time.
Because I get headaches really easily now.
So that's been my week. Very minimalist.
Brad from Pod Culture is offering to play World of Warcraft with you in our chat room.
Blade's Edge.
Pay for my sub and I might.
You know what?
What?
You can earn all of it in game.
That's true. If you've never played WoW before, you can get the free-
It's like 58,000 gold right now though.
Is it really? That sounds expensive.
But can't you get like a free to start thing?
It's like a level 20 for free.
Oh yeah. It's only level 20 for free. You can't even send gold around or anything.
But it's free to start. I know that.
And I thought when you get the base game, which is probably what? Like 10 bucks now?
If that.
If that.
Maybe we'll have to bring back the VoG giveaways in the future. We'll give away a game card.
Play WoW with Jamie drawing.
Yeah.
I like it.
Well, I've actually got a couple of low levels that I can play with people.
Because Gary is supposed to be playing if he ever gets around to it.
There you go.
But other than that. Oh yeah. And also, I'm going to finish up watching Goblin this week.
Oh my god. I'm getting into K-dramas.
Oh gods. Was it you or somebody was telling me about this where, yeah, something like-
Goblin is amazing.
Like the goblin is roommates with death or something?
With the Grim Reaper, right.
Okay, yes. You were talking about this.
And as it turns out, as everyone get together, they were all everyone, of course, except the Goblin because he's immortal.
We're all reincarnations of people he knew.
On the next Young and the Restless.
It's fucking weird and I love it.
And they have like total moonlighting moments and I'm like, just kiss.
Just kiss already. Anyway.
All right. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I'm just basically Skyrim remastered.
So I restarted my game because I was playing through like a heavily modded game and it was fun for a while.
But then I wanted more of a challenge so I restarted without mods.
Still going to cheat within the game itself.
You know, any exploit that you can do without mods is what I'm going to do.
Do you play on your laptop or do you play on like PlayStation?
On PlayStation 4.
Oh, okay. So how is the selection of mods there?
It's all right. I mean, you can't do any of like the graphical mods and stuff like that.
But I mean, it's fun to mess around with.
I still haven't gone and played Fallout 4 yet.
So no Gran Titica or whatever that mod is called that makes all the women topless, even Grandma?
No.
That doesn't exist on PlayStation 4?
No, it does not.
That's too bad.
Probably not an Xbox One either because I'm imagining that that's probably highly moderated.
Even if it was there, I probably couldn't find it.
That's what PC is for.
I see.
Long live PC. Yeah.
So I've been playing a lot of that.
Actually, it's funny. I get a lot of use out of my PlayStation VR, but just as that second screen.
You know, because my wife will be watching TV and so I'll play the PlayStation VR and play like Skyrim in it.
And it's kind of fun. I wish Skyrim had like a VR mode to it because, you know, even watching it with just that static screen,
there's a lot of times it feels very immersive because of that.
I do really wish that they would fix that stupid screen drifting problem.
It's just, it's really bad having to recenter that thing all the time because it slowly drifts to the left.
I wish it's something they would address quite quickly being that this has been a problem for almost six months now.
I don't know.
Other than that, I mean, that's pretty much what my gaming week has been.
I haven't really been playing too much Ingress.
Haven't played any Pokemon Go.
I'm trying to think if I've played any PlayStation VR games.
I almost bought some stuff on there, but I may try a little bit of Planet 3 since that's going to be something that's coming out for the next PlayStation Plus.
But yeah, it's just Skyrim because it's very immersive and there's like, here's the best part.
Like I've been playing Skyrim since it first came out and there's still quests I haven't done yet.
Like there's quests like I just get to them like, shit, I haven't done this one yet.
It's like, my God, the amount of content in there.
The only person I know that's done literally every quest in Skyrim is Alan.
And yes, I realize when I say that, I do know there's ones that like, I don't know if they reset daily or they come back.
They just, they keep going.
Okay, so obviously he still gets those, but that's it.
He's done like every other quest besides, I think he never got into the second expansion or something.
But like in the base game, he did them all.
I was like, wow, you're hot.
Yeah, I mean, it's just, it's fun.
It's still fun just to mess around with that.
And even after this time, which I can see that might be the draw of why, you know, when it's coming to the Switch that might be still worth it.
But for a $60 game though, I don't know.
But the content's definitely, I mean, $60 is the amount of content you're getting in that.
I mean, it's hundreds of hours of stuff.
Let's see, over in our chat over at live.vognetware.com, we have a chatter named SuperbOwl.
I don't know if that's one of our regulars who renamed or if it's a new person, but SuperbOwl.
And I think this is a question for you, Logie.
Does your family ever fuck with you when you've got the headset on?
Not really.
No? They know better?
My son usually say, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Because he doesn't know what it is.
And then my other son will be like, I really wish I could play Job Simulator right now.
Daddy, can I play with the headset? Can I do Job Simulator?
I'm like, no, I'm playing my game.
How about you get a real job, kiddo?
He likes playing with Job Simulator. That's the thing.
I mean, he'll mess around with, like, I watched him play.
He's played through most of Job Simulator. I haven't really played through much of it, but he enjoys that quite a bit.
So I'm looking for more games like that.
I hope VR mode for Minecraft comes out on that at some point, because I know they have it on mobile.
Mobile's pretty fun, but it would be nice to have that more widespread.
I just want more content, more, more, more.
Like Resident Evil 7, holy shit, that's not my type of game, but my god, does that look fucking amazing on VR.
So let's talk about my gaming week a little bit, because I'm going to piggyback on that.
So I didn't really play Resident Evil 7 because I don't do well with the scary games,
especially the gory ones.
I didn't buy the full game, but I finally got around to playing that last demo,
or I should say, watching Alan play that last demo.
That was something that was happening when there wasn't a show last week,
is that we were sitting around and Alan was actually playing the kitchen demo.
And so I got to see a lot of that.
And I got to say, you know, it does look really good.
It doesn't look like Resident Evil to me, which isn't necessarily a bad thing at all.
I mean, I'm all for new directions for franchises.
But yeah, you definitely can kind of see some of the PT influence in it.
But I don't think it's fair to just say it ripped off PT.
You know, it's kind of doing its own thing.
More power to them if they saw there was a market being underserved.
Sure.
More power to them to take it over, and it worked out well for them.
But yeah, so I was watching that, and then I did watch Shane stream it for a little bit,
because he was doing a VR stream where he was like screaming and all that stuff.
You know, in his own way.
And it was just really violent.
And it got to a really, really violent part where I was like, I don't need this.
So I turned it off. I didn't really watch it.
Plus, if Shane's out there, I want everybody to know,
Shane lied, because he said he was going to stream in VR, and he did,
until he got too scared, then he turned off the VR.
And I was like, this is false advertising, and I left.
Anyway, all right, all in good fun.
So let me think.
Other games that I played this week.
So while I was sick, I was playing some PlayStation 4.
I was home from work for like two days.
I missed two days of work because of it.
I ended up playing randomly a ton of Axiom Verge.
You remember this game that came out a couple years ago?
It's basically a Super Metroid.
I don't want to say it's a clone, because it does its own thing.
You have these different power-ups that you can teleport through walls,
or you can hack enemies that change the way they function.
You might have an enemy that shoots a laser beam that harms you,
but if you hack it, it will do a laser beam that helps you
cut through walls and other enemies and stuff.
So kind of like some different ideas,
but otherwise it plays a lot like a Super Metroid game.
If you guys haven't played it, check it out,
especially if you like Super Metroid.
It's a lot of fun, but the difficulty level's a little higher,
so I'm even having some problems getting through some parts.
It's just like, wow, you kind of get beat up over and over again.
But otherwise, I am having fun with that game.
I had a friend over the other night who's a really big fan of Super Smash Bros.,
so I was playing Super Smash Bros. on Wii U,
probably more than I have in quite some time,
and I didn't even realize I still hadn't unlocked Duck Hunt all this time later.
I had not played enough to unlock that all this time,
so we finally got that unlocked, so that's cool.
Funny enough that you mentioned that work-related.
I can't really say what I'm working on,
but I'm going to be working not in my normal office position
for the next six weeks,
and part of that is part of this immersion thing that they're doing.
They're going to have a Smash Bros. Melee tournament on the second day there,
so I get to play that.
I haven't played Melee, so that'll be interesting.
Yeah, Melee, you've got to go back a little bit to practice on Melee.
I've never played Melee. I've never owned it.
Oh, well, good luck.
I've been playing against people that haven't played video games before,
so it's not going to be that hard.
Maybe you can do all right.
So there was that,
and then I've been playing some of the old standbys that I play a lot of,
still playing Final Fantasy XIV.
Overwatch, I've been playing a lot more Overwatch this week.
I got mad at Overwatch last week, so we didn't do a show last week,
so I didn't get to tell you guys about how I got mad at Overwatch,
but I got really frustrated with the matchmaking in that game,
specifically for Capture the Flag.
There's only so many losses I can take before I'm just like,
fuck everything, I hate this, blah, blah, blah,
and I kind of hit that point during the week we had off,
and so I haven't touched Capture the Flag ever since.
But what I am finding that I really enjoy in Overwatch right now
is the Mystery Heroes mode,
and that's pretty much where I'm getting all my loot boxes right now,
and I kind of think Blizzard is going to have to balance this a little bit.
If you do the Arcade mode,
you're actually encouraged to win more loot boxes that way
than you would in playing Quick Play,
because if you win nine matches in a week, you get three loot boxes,
so it's like in the Arcade, but Quick Play you don't get anything.
What's Arcade mode like?
All Arcade mode is it changes the rules of the original game,
that's all it is, so it's like you can do one mode which is no limits,
where you can have each person on your team be the same hero if you want,
you're not locked to one.
You get the map breaking?
Yeah.
Arcade also has the one versus one, which is cool.
The capture the flag, but that'll be gone by the time this event's gone.
I just need someone to show me the ropes.
Get Alan, because Alan has a level of 270 right now in that game,
it's pretty crazy.
But here's the one I like,
and I think this kind of helps stabilize the skill levels a little bit,
is Mystery Heroes is an Arcade,
and in that one, obviously you get a random hero assigned to you,
but every time you die, you get a new hero in the spawn room.
Interesting.
So you are kind of forced to learn all 22 heroes, basically.
So it's kind of one of those you can kind of,
you're kind of competent with everybody,
but you're not necessarily really good with anybody.
Well, unless you play some Quick Play and, you know.
I was just going to play Mei all the time.
Yeah, play with Mei? Mei's pretty cool.
Mei can be really annoying,
but you have to kind of learn how to get on the other side of people
so you can surprise them,
because Mei is all about surprise,
so you can freeze them and then shoot an icicle to their head
and one-shot them, basically.
So Mei can be really infuriatingly hard on the other team.
I think that is a challenge.
If they have a good player.
So, let's see.
And Brad from Pod Culture in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Farah rules.
Yeah, I agree. I love Farah.
SSG100Matt in chat says,
Yeah, the capture the flag match is bad.
Matchmaking is bad.
I'm also getting knocked out of game because there are not enough players.
Yeah, I don't like the capture the flag thing at all.
But I kissed and made up with Overwatch,
and I've been playing more of it this week.
And I even did some streaming.
Cheap plug for my channel.
Rob Roberts over on Twitch.
Check that out.
Also, I want to read this comment about Axiom Verge from Stoppy
in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com,
who says,
It's a nice game.
It got too samey for me,
but the boss fights were really dope.
Pixel art was beautiful.
All made by one guy, basically.
Yeah, I mean, that's also impressive.
Like, one guy did the whole thing.
I think he did the music, too,
and he did everything,
and that's pretty darn impressive.
So, go you.
Yeah, some of the boss fights are really epic.
Like, some of them will suddenly zoom out the room,
so the room is suddenly four times the size.
Which is kind of, I guess, what they did with Kraid in Super Metroid, right?
Remember how that was epic?
Where this, like, Kraid grew so big,
it was, like, twice the size of the screen.
Remember that?
Well, remember if that, or think if that happened,
but it all, like, the screen zoomed out,
so you could see it all happening at once.
That's what Axiom Verge does in some parts,
which is pretty cool.
Yeah, it's pretty cool. I like that.
Okay, I think that's it for my gaming week.
That's enough.
So, we'll get into housekeeping,
of which I don't have a lot to say.
We don't have a whole lot of events coming up,
except for, I will mention,
Orange Lawns Radio and VOG Network
will be a part of the Sacramento Indie Arcade
again this year.
And if you've been listening to the show
for a little while now,
you know that we've done this event here locally
for the past couple years.
So, this will be our third year participating.
So, Sac Indie Arcade is going to happen
at the West Sacramento Convention Center.
So, this is probably for you locals,
but I would say it's worth a drive up from the Bay Area.
If you happen to live over there,
you should check that out.
It's going to be on Saturday, April the 8th,
at the West Sacramento Community Center.
More information at Indiearcade.org.
We will be there.
I'm almost positive our pals from Video Game Bang,
you know, another show here in the area
who we've had on our show before,
I'm positive they'll be there in some capacity.
And who knows who else?
Who knows who else we'll meet this year
that we'll end up dragging onto our own program
in the coming weeks.
So, check that out in April
over in West Sacramento.
Alright, let's get into some other gaming news.
We'll start off with Loki.
What happened this week in gaming?
Not a whole lot.
No, just kidding.
Lots of stuff, actually.
So, the big thing, though,
we've been talking about this for a while now,
the whole ZeniMax versus Oculus lawsuit thing
that was going on.
Well, they finally have finished the lawsuit.
So, ZeniMax ended up winning a portion
of the damages that they sought.
So, originally they were hoping to get
the whole $2 billion,
but they got a quarter of that,
so $500 million,
which is definitely not a small number.
Yeah, that's still a lot of money.
That's a lot of money.
So, basically, the reason they came up with that amount,
not the $2 billion,
is because they found that Palmer Lucky
did fail to comply with a nondisclosure agreement,
but at the same time,
they didn't find that Oculus misappropriated
any trade secrets.
So, they got them on that one count,
but not anything else.
So, I'm kind of glad that this is all over.
Yeah, but no, it ain't over.
Appeal, appeal, appeal, appeal.
It's not over yet.
True.
But it's interesting that it didn't go to settlement,
because usually these legal things
that come up on OLR all the time,
which I admit, none of us are lawyers,
so we can only kind of look at it
from a gamer perspective,
but usually these things get settled
that we bring up on the show.
So, to hear like $500 million,
that's a lot of money,
and you have to wonder like,
how might that impact Oculus' future?
You know, especially when the VR game
is getting more and more crowded, it seems, right?
Between HTC Vive and PlayStation VR
and cheaper alternatives like Gear VR
and so on and so on.
Like, how might this affect Oculus
at the end of the day, if at all?
I mean, maybe they can just,
maybe Facebook can lose $500 million easy,
but I don't know.
It would seem like that's a big chunk
of change to lose.
That, yeah, I mean,
a quarter of your funding,
that's quite a bit.
Yeah.
Stoppy with his perspective in chat
over at live.vognetwork.com says,
really strange result for the case.
I didn't think they had a case,
but I guess they did on the non-disclosure stuff.
I hear they also want to halt Rift sales.
Yeah, I'd heard about that too.
Maybe something where they get,
they have to get the payment again
or something before that can start again,
but again, that's all gonna get tied up
in appeals anyway.
That probably will not happen.
Dungeonbuster in chat says,
high price to pay for breaking an NDA.
Ooh, ain't that the truth?
Dungeonbuster continues,
Carmack was not impressed by the software
analyst ZeniMax brought to court.
Yeah, he posted a whole little thing
on social media, I think,
that was picked up by some blog somewhere
and obviously not happy about it.
So, hmm.
All right, well, the legal things
will continue, I'm sure.
To register participation for this week's
episode of Orange Lounge Radio at
vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, palm.
Meanwhile, let's talk about the Nintendo 3DS.
Obviously, we've talked a lot about the Switch
in the past few weeks.
Which I'd like to update.
Yes?
I have canceled my fucking pre-order.
You did?
Yes.
Oh, so to follow up from a couple weeks ago,
you were kind of threatening to do it,
and now you've gone through with it.
I just, the way I looked at it,
I mean, I was looking at what titles
are coming out in the timeframe that they're coming out.
It just did not make any sense to purchase
a system for one game that I can play
on a system I already have.
Yeah.
And the advantages, like, the graphic
advantages, I guess, between the Switch
and the Wii U weren't that great.
It's like a slightly increased draw distance
and the resolution's a hair higher.
Yeah.
And that's it.
And it's like, why would I drop $400 for that?
You know, and I gotta admit, and I think
we talked about this a couple weeks ago,
and I don't want to double-talk ourselves
too much, but, you know, I gotta admit,
even I'm getting to a point where I'm like,
do I really need to get one right now?
Because I feel like, I really feel like
Holiday is the true launch of the Switch.
Yeah, exactly.
I think when there's more titles out,
it's gonna be worth it, maybe,
but I'm still worried, like,
there's news about EA, we didn't have it
in the show, but talking about how they're
moving their other franchises, the Frostbite,
like, you know, Madden, and I want to say FIFA,
if that's the case, I mean, the FIFA that
they have on there now is based on a really
old version of FIFA, because they can't run
these modern engines, and as these other
systems get higher and higher spec,
that's less that they can port over.
I mean, I don't know, it's...
Yeah, I mean, and that third-party support,
I mean, we saw what happened with Wii U,
if the technology can't handle it, but...
Well, and I'd said this before, and this
kind of leads into this story a little bit,
is that, you know, when I think the Switch
more as a handheld system, I'm way more
comfortable with it than when I start to
think about it as a console system.
I mean, I just, I always wanted the 3DS to
be able to hook up to the TV, I think that
would be awesome, you have to pay, like,
a $300 cable to get hard-wired in your DS
to be able to stream things legally,
like Pokemon, right?
If those streamers you see on Twitch are
doing it legally, you know, they had to mod
their 3DS to do it, which is not cheap.
So, you know, I always wanted to be able to
do, like, DS on the TV, so I think this is
cool when I look at it from the perspective
of a portable, but even I'm, like,
I'm really trying to cut Nintendo a break
here, you guys, and I probably still will
end up buying the system, because I'm a
consumer whore, and how, but I'm getting
really frustrated that Nintendo is staying
quiet on as much as they are. Like, this
whole fact that the Virtual Console thing,
that they are still not disclosing the
details on it, I mean, honestly, what it
says to me, it's not there. Virtual Console's
not going to be there when the system
launches. That's what the quiet is telling
me, is that all these things we think are
coming because of the Super Nintendo over
the internet, which they teased on their
website in the one game a month and all this,
it's not going to be there in March. That's
what this silence is telling me, which is
why I'm saying I really think it's all
going to be built in later on in the holiday.
Just like, so, what did they say? It's going
to run USB 2.0 at first, but a firmware
thing is going to bring it up to 3.0, and
all this stuff, right?
That's not how USB ports work.
Isn't that weird?
That's not how it works.
It's weird.
It either is or it isn't. You can't just
patch that in. That's not how that fucking
works. And that's the thing, it's like, a
lot of this stuff, and they're not the
only ones at fault with this type of stuff,
but like, you can't promise all these
features and not have them there at launch.
It's stupid. Oh yeah, we'll patch it in
later. Why? Why am I going to buy this
right now? It's not fucking ready yet. And
I don't know, but basically the other day
it came down to, what games do I want?
To be fair, Loki, if they can sell
millions of them this holiday, all this
blue in the face talk won't even matter.
I mean, it's going to be the 3DS all over
again, right? 3DS was weak when it first
launched, ended up one of the strongest
systems ever. I bet a lot of people that
have the Wii U and the 3DS will probably
pick the system up. Will it attract new
people like we did? Probably not.
But Nintendo, to be fair again, Nintendo
did something they never do today. They
advertised during that concert that
everybody's watching that has a football
game around it. So, you know. Showing off
games that aren't going to be out in four
or six months, that's pretty nice. Alright,
well look, let me, I don't want to rehash
two weeks ago's episode too much, but
there's a reason why I bring this up, and
that is an important update, Loki. But
this whole fact that I'm talking about
when I see the Switch as a handheld
system, I am a bigger fan. But yet
Nintendo keeps insisting that the 3DS is
not done, and that this is a new home
console, which kind of, it actually kind
of frustrates me. Like, it actually kind
of frustrates me that I'm like, I'm trying
to adopt this as my new handheld, but you
are trying to like, convince me that 3DS
is still a thing, whereas I'm worried that
3DS is just your fallback guy. That if
somehow the Switch shits the bed, at least
you still have the 3DS. Like, I'm kind of
worried in that regard. But anyway, let
me elaborate on that a little bit, because
there was an interview this week with
Tatsumi Kimishima, who had talked about
in an interview, in a Q&A Japanese
financial results thing. The question was,
this is about your thoughts on having
both a Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo Switch
coexisting together. When a player first
uses the Nintendo Switch and recognizes
it as a portable device, is there a point
to releasing a next generation handheld
console? So, thank you, somebody kind of
calling him out on this, and clarifying
this, so here's the answer.
I believe that for the time being, the
Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo Switch can
coexist together. Compared to the Nintendo
3DS, the Nintendo Switch is different in
shape, size, and price, and the variety of
quantity of games that are currently playable
now, and different between the two. With
those differences in mind, I believe that
a Nintendo 3DS would work well for parents
that are looking into getting their children
their first games. Therefore, as a portable
gaming device, I believe that Nintendo
3DS has a different demand and market
than the Nintendo Switch, and as we've
gone about with portable consoles until
now, we will continue considering a
successor. So, Nintendo's viewing the 3DS
as the kiddie system, is what that quote
says to me. And that's, you know, we kind
of thought this when the 2DS was first
announced, that this was them really
trying to push it towards younger people
by taking the 3D out that, you know, have
all the youth warnings, to get more
younger people playing Pokemon and all
this. So now, at least with that quote,
it kind of just sounds to me like, if the
3DS is going to continue here for a couple
years, with the Switch and co-existing,
the 3DS, they are really pushing as a
entry-level kids gaming system. So,
Nintendo's embracing the kiddie games thing.
When they get that down to a price point
that makes sense like that, I mean, I
guess that would be okay.
Yeah.
That's definitely, I don't even know what
the 2DS is now, is that under $100
yet? I mean...
Well, like Black Friday, yeah, was like
$99. I don't know if that's still a thing,
but...
But, like, you get it down to like $50
or something, then, yeah, that's pretty,
pretty smoking.
Could you do that technology for $50?
I don't know.
Maybe? I don't know. I don't know how
cheap the tech is now. So, some folks in
chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com
pointing out, it's Joe and Hunter Matt
saying, you can't really find 3DSs in
stores anymore. I've been to a ton of
stores over the past few weeks in
different states. I haven't seen a new
3DS XL anywhere. Yeah, they have
a lot of problems over the holidays,
and wasn't that in large part to Pokemon?
And, in some ways, Pokemon Go, and the
strength, to be fair, the strength of
Pokemon Sun and Moon as new games in the
franchise, they're great, but kind of
those two things combined created a huge
demand for Pokemon Sun and Moon and the
system to play them on. And, you know,
Sun and Moon have been selling, I don't
think they've outsold X and Y yet, but
they will, and they've already outsold
Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire.
I'm surprised they don't have a port of
that yet for, like, the Switch. Imagine
launching with that. Yet. Yeah, yet, but,
like, seriously, imagine launching with
something like that. I mean, that would,
I don't know, at least be a little better.
Okay, Bob Coffee's jumping in to correct
us here. The joy of having live chat.
2DS manufacturer suggested retail price
is $79 now. So, it is still pretty good.
So. I wish it folded it in half, but, you
know, it's still pretty good. You have
$79, though. You gotta leave some things
by the wayside. So. But, you know, again,
if you're trying to get your kids to play
Pokemon Sun and Moon, this can do it.
But does Sun and Moon actually work on
the older systems, or is it one of those
things you have to have the new 3DS for?
No, I have an old 3DS. As if that's not
fucking confusing enough as it is. It's
fine. It runs fine on the old 3DS. The
only part that gets a little choppy weird
is that camera where they kind of did
the Pokemon Snap thing. They put that in
Sun and Moon. But, like, I don't, I think
I did the introduction part of that, and
then I haven't even bothered to look for
other areas where you can do that. Like,
it's just, it's not something you have to
do in the game. And even if I had to, I
could probably fake it well enough. But
it seems to run well enough. And Bob
Coffee points out there is only one new
3DS only game. That's Xenoblade Chronicles.
Nothing so far. Well, didn't they...
No, that's not true. Xenoblade Chronicles,
yeah, it is, you have to have it for that.
Although, I believe that, um, Hyrule
Warriors ran like shit without it.
And I think it's the Fire Emblem that's
going to be the Fire Emblem Warriors that
they confirmed for 3DS. I think it's also
sporting the new 3DS logo on it.
I think that's probably going to be only
new 3DS, because it ran from what I hear
pretty terribly on the 3DS. Anyway, be
very curious to see how that develops
over the coming years, because I, I don't
know, I kind of think they should just,
like, seriously stop focusing on the 3DS.
But maybe... They may be doing that soon.
I mean, have there been a lot of
announcements for the 3DS? Yeah, that
Fire Emblem had one. Like, that's one. I
mean, what else is on the pipeline? Well,
it's still something that made me go,
leave it alone. But alright, you know,
okay, fine. You know, yes, there are a
ton of 3DSs out there, and you want to
put software on a platform where you
know lots of people will be able to buy
it. So, like, I get it, it makes sense,
but, you know, I just... Tell me more
about the Switch. Put those resources on,
on Virtual Console, and more Switch
games, and... Well, Fire Emblem,
Masao, or whatever, it doesn't seem like
it's an entry-level game for kids. No.
It's like, they're saying, oh, this is a
kid's system, but then they're putting,
like... You can kind of button mash in
those games, though. That's a load of
shit, is what it is. It's a load of shit.
Their excuse saying that it's a kid's
system is, that statement does not match
with the kind of product that they have
on those platforms. It's just, this is
staying around for a while, because
there's the, you know, the market
saturation for it, and just in case this
shit doesn't work out with the Switch, I
think would be better. But they can't say
that, obviously.
All right. Well, we'll see if Nintendo
will say anything in the coming weeks
before, you know, the less...
Or nothing at all.
Before the less-than-a-month ship day
for the Nintendo Switch. Can you believe
that? We are less than four weeks away
at this point, right?
Yeah.
Less than four weeks away from the Switch.
It's just, it's all happening so fast.
Then again, at the same time, this has
been a drawn-out thing for years and
years and years. It also feels like...
I'm just glad to be able to play Zelda
in a few weeks. That's pretty awesome.
That'll be cool. That'll be cool.
All right, DarkSakura, what do you have
for us in other news this week in gaming?
Some Squeamixie stuff.
Basically, Square Enix and Marvel Studios
has decided they're gonna play nice
together. Really nice. Everyone's gonna
love it. It's really great. Just saying.
Anyway, they are working on something
called the Avengers Project, being developed
by Crystal Dynamics in Eidos, Montreal.
I watched the trailer. Have you guys seen
the trailer for this?
Yes. This is kind of a real teaser, though.
Yeah, it is.
It doesn't really show any game.
But it just makes me think, I mean, we've
got some franchise... It's a franchise.
We've got some developers that are pretty
top-notch, I think, getting involved on this.
And yes, even high-profile developers
can make steaming piles of shit.
Sure.
But I'm looking forward to this one.
I think that whatever comes out of it
would have to be pretty good and really pretty.
Crystal D's record with these past two
Tomb Raider games is pretty A+.
I mean, those two games really kicked
a lot of ass. So, you think about, even
if they just somehow slapped the Avengers
into that, I think a lot of people would
be on board, right?
Yeah.
So, and maybe that's all this is.
And I think a lot of us are okay with that.
You know what?
I'm sure they're...
Black Widow's a really bad day.
No, if they were going to have me design
a game, it would be Jessica Jones with
her rage meter filled by liquor.
Let's see.
I would play that game all day.
Dungeonbuster in chat at
live.voguenetwork.com says,
I hope it's an Avengers ARPG.
The X-Men Legends series by Raven were great.
First Alliance was solid. Second one was meh,
but still fun.
So, and you were a big fan of those
Marvel Ultimate Alliance games, weren't you,
Darcy?
Yeah, for a bit.
They were okay. They were pretty fun.
You know what would be badass?
Even though I really don't like the combat
system at all, to put the Final Fantasy
XV combat system in an Avengers game.
I could be here for that.
I haven't played it yet.
Although, I mean, even though we talk
about it's Square Enix doing a Marvel game,
you know, this...
But they're not developing it.
Well, but this is also kind of the American
acquisitions.
It's Eidos, basically, what used to be that,
is kind of creating this.
It's not really coming from the people
that are doing Final Fantasy.
Not to say that crossover can't exist.
Yeah, they could re-use the engine.
I mean, yeah.
And to be fair, Crystal Dynamics also
made kind of smaller games.
Like they made like the Lara Croft Go.
Was them right?
Yeah, I think.
And then the Temple games.
I can't remember the name off the top of my head,
but they had some games on like PlayStation 3
that were like specifically for the download store.
They were more like co-op games.
And they were fun, but they were a little more small scale.
And they made me think a little more
of the Marvel's Ultimate Alliance.
But that trailer kind of made me think,
nah, this is on the level of like Rise of the Tomb Raider,
where this is going.
Well, we'll see how it...
Well, I hope.
Mobile game.
Ah, shit.
We'll see how it turns out at any rate,
because I'll be perfectly honest.
I'm ready for a good Avengers
or any kind of Marvel franchise that isn't.
I mean, nothing to say bad about Telltale.
You know, the Guardians of the Galaxy thing is interesting.
But in the Lego games, I'm kind of over them.
I would rather have like a really good
full scale adventure game, you know, as an Avenger.
You know, if they had it like where you had your core team
and it did sort of a Lara Croft-y style, you know,
thing for the Avengers through the world,
but you had a different series of missions
for each team or each person on the team,
that would be pretty rad.
Yeah.
And that, and I also, I mean,
this would be kind of a dream of mine,
is if we had like a throwback to like 80s Avengers
or late 90s Avengers.
Well, my thought is this will probably ultimately
be a movie tie-in because don't we have
another Avengers movie?
Is it this year or next year?
Infinity Wars is supposed to be coming out soon.
But Infinity Wars is like an everybody movie.
But is that this year or next year?
Because isn't Guardians of the Galaxy 2 this year?
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 is in May,
and I believe there's also going to be Thor Ragnarok this year.
I don't know.
So maybe somebody like Tiger Claw or somebody
that really follows these movies better than I do,
probably knows these exact release dates.
And I know they're supposed to be,
I think they're already talking another Doctor Strange,
or at least Doctor Strange tying in with Thor.
Yeah.
But there's also some one-off movies
people have very much been looking forward to,
like Black Panther, the Ms. Marvel movie
or whatever they're calling it.
Yeah, I think she will, officially in the comics now,
she's Captain Marvel.
Ms. Marvel is now the Kamala Khan, the stretchy girl.
Okay. Oh, so it's Captain Marvel, sorry.
So it'd be Carol Danvers.
Tiger Claw on chat says,
this year is Guardians of the Galaxy, Spider-Man,
and Thor Ragnarok.
I forgot about Spider-Man.
I forgot about the yet again Spider-Man redo.
Honestly enough, I haven't seen the movie
for the cinematic universe,
but I did see Captain America Civil War.
And I was like, if that's Spider-Man, I'm behind it.
Cause it was pretty fun.
Yeah, Black Panther, Avengers Infinity War Part 1
and Ant-Man and the Wasp are supposed to be 2018.
I am looking forward to that too.
And then 19 would be Captain Marvel
and the second part of the Infinity War.
So this game, I would think, Darkseid,
I know you're talking about your dream 80s project
and all this stuff.
I mean, they could do anything,
but I would assume this is gonna be some type of movie tie-in
for Avengers Part 1 or Part 2, Infinity War.
So just depending, I mean,
cause they didn't show any footage.
Now E3 could change it.
This could be a big E3 teaser.
They're gonna come out at E3
and show us something big.
And hopefully within those two years,
they can re-license the X-Men and Deadpool back.
Dear Marvel, bring back one of my favorite ever characters,
Monica Rambeau. Thank you.
But the whole Deadpool thing is really interesting
because that movie, getting the Globe nomination,
like really made some people kind of go, what?
Well, and now they're trying to get-
It didn't get an Oscar though, right?
It didn't get an Oscar nom, right?
Now they're also trying though to get Hugh Jackman in it
to do Wolverine, Deadpool crossover,
which always every time-
They already did and it was bad.
No, I mean a good one.
Not that thing that doesn't exist in my heart.
Reminder, that happened and it wasn't good.
That was never a movie, I'm sorry.
I'm not even the big comic fan she is, even I know that.
It doesn't exist in my heart.
It does not exist in my universe.
There was a few missteps in several Spider-Man movies that-
You have the Merc with the mouth and take out his mouth.
Stupid.
So stupid.
But no, I could just talk forever though about comics and stuff.
You need to bring back a podcast.
You know, I've been talking to Spike about it.
Oh, just what that boy needs.
Right?
We got Drag Race coming back soon.
He's gonna have that on his plate.
Okay, let's just get it out of the way.
I'm Team Trinity, thank you.
I'm a big fan of the way Nina Bonina paints herself.
I think I like some of those looks, I gotta say.
I got my eye on her.
She's got a little sloppiness though with her appendages, I'm just saying.
We're all a little sloppy.
All right, moving on before, as people consistently tune out of the show.
Let's move on to another story. Loki.
So this is kind of cool because I got pretty excited when I heard about the news regarding this.
You know, PlayStation Pro for me doesn't really seem like it's much of an upgrade for a lot of different games.
I mean, the support for the Pro mode for a lot of these games is kind of, you know, whatever.
And a lot of games didn't have that support.
Well, that's gonna change pretty soon.
PlayStation 4's 4.5 update, which is still in the beta phase and only you have to be in the beta program to get access to it.
They have a lot of improvements at their end.
So one of these improvements includes Boost Mode.
And what Boost Mode is, is it allows games that don't have this Pro mode or you can run it, you know, separate of Pro mode to run at a higher GPU and CPU clock speed.
And it improves the performance of games released before Pro mode was available.
What does this do?
It makes some of these games that were absolute dog shit as far as performance actually fucking playable and nice.
Like Just Cause 3, for example.
I saw another video, which actually you probably like, Final Fantasy XIV.
They showed, you know, the amount of lag that they were getting and everything.
Super silky smooth. It was just like...
Oh wow.
It was fantastic.
So just a lot of good things been hearing about it.
People trying it out and posting gameplay video and stuff like that.
I think it's gonna be a really good thing.
It actually kind of has me excited considering getting a PlayStation Pro just for that because it sounds...
Yeah, this is kind of something I think a lot of us Pro people kind of wish was there in the beginning.
But I'll take it. I'll take it.
Exactly.
The other thing that's gonna be coming with that 4.5 update is external hard drive support.
Which, my god, about time.
So you'll be able to connect the USB 3.0 external hard drive up to 8 terabytes of storage space.
And you can use it for PlayStation 4 games and applications and whatever.
So that's pretty awesome as well.
Well, they're also gonna be adding 3D Blu-ray support on the PlayStation VR.
Okay, that actually kind of makes me want a PlayStation VR.
Seriously, and look, I realize there aren't a ton of 3D Blu-rays out there.
But there's one that's very, very important that I own that my TV won't even work with the 3D thing anymore because those glasses are garbage.
And that's Tron.
Oh shit.
And so I could watch Tron Legacy in the PlayStation VR and, like, never before have I wanted a PlayStation VR so bad. Isn't that sad?
But it's true. I'm not gonna sit here and lie.
Like, the thing that might finally break me is being able to watch Tron Legacy in PlayStation VR.
And I do have a PlayStation VR.
For you, I would even let you borrow the other Blu-ray 3D movie I have, The Lion King.
No thanks. I'm good.
But yeah, Tron. Man, that's pretty awesome.
And that's awesome about the hard drive thing too. Now, Stobby in chat is asking, is the hard drive support only for Pro?
No, I believe it's for both systems.
Yeah, I don't see why that would be limited.
Really, the Pro really, I mean, if you haven't played with the Pro, it's the exact same as the other PlayStation 4.
It's just some of the inner workings are a little more beefy.
So it's like, you know, like running Windows 10 on two different computers. One of them has a slightly faster processor and better graphics card.
That's kind of what it is, basically. So I don't see why the hard drive thing would be any different.
Now, if only they would announce, oh, and PlayStation 1, 2, and game support.
Then Sony could get up there and drop the mic and jump off the stage like Lady Gaga just did. Right?
Come on. It's a PlayStation Pro. You can't run PlayStation 2 or 2 and 1 games. Shit.
Fucking PCs nowadays can emulate the goddamn Wii U at 60 frames per second.
Let's be thankful for what we're getting.
No, I am not. It's just, what we're complacent is when they're like, oh, fuck it, we don't have to do it because they don't care anymore.
That's why Microsoft is fucking working on this shit. No, fuck that. I am not happy with not being able to play these things.
And also not happy with the fact that I do own these PlayStation 2 games or whatever on the PlayStation 3.
Oh, but I'm sorry. That's a separate purchase from the PlayStation 2 games that run on the PlayStation 4 or some bullshit. I don't know.
So we have a chatter over at live.vognetware.com called, come on, NullGus.
Come on, NullGus, who says, there's no shame in your games, Sky.
I want to watch Garrett Hedlung in a skin tight suit in 3D. 3D. I've been drinking a little bit.
Yeah, sure. Thanks. Sure.
Real quick, there was another game that they announced some more improvements for.
Fallout 4 is going to be getting an update on PC and PlayStation 4 Pro.
Pro with the 1.19 patch, they're going to be getting tweaks to lighting and textures are going to be supported at a native 1440p.
And they're improving the draw distance and God Ray effects for PC.
They're having a high resolution texture pack, which is 58 gigabytes of brand new textures that are even more high res.
Enjoy that download.
Yikes. I'm sure Alan will download it. If his computer will run it. I don't know.
You might have to have like a state of the art thing to run that.
Can I get a 4K monitor?
Yeah, that's true. He doesn't really have all that 4K fancy stuff.
I did buy him a new monitor, but I don't think that the video card goes that far.
But that still sounds cool.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. So no word on when the rest of us get the update.
Hopefully soon. I mean, if it's in beta right now, I'm guessing.
Maybe a month.
Right around the Switch launch.
Ooh, right around the time for Mass Effect Andromeda. That'd be nice.
When's that coming out? Is it March?
End of March.
End of March.
So, that'd be nice.
Even though Mass Effect Andromeda kind of natively embraces the Pro, that's one of the games they've been showing off for it.
How much was the Switch again? Was that $299?
That's $299.
$299.
You're thinking about going back, aren't you?
No, I'm not. I was just thinking the Pro being $399.
That's like, well actually PlayStation would be $299. It's like, why? I don't know.
Alright, well moving on. Here's a story about Nintendo and Animal Crossing.
Animal Crossing is supposed to be getting a mobile game soon.
I think a lot of people have been checking out that Fire Emblem Heroes that came out on mobile.
I passed. I didn't check it out.
I actually, here's the thing.
I'm not really super into the Fire Emblem series as it is.
Like the whole permadeath and the fact that the strategy, tactical thing.
I'm just not like super duper into those types of games.
That's cool for people that are, yay.
But I've never really been into it.
But I thought maybe the Fire Emblem mobile thing could be like, okay, well if it's free, maybe this would be something that introduces me to it.
And then I heard, because I started seeing all these screenshots on Twitter the day it came out.
It was all, add me, here's my code.
And on Facebook, add me, here's my code.
And I'm thinking in the back of my head, this fucking game has friend codes?
It doesn't just, it doesn't just tie to your Facebook or tie to your Twitter account like most mobile games these days now do.
Or your My Nintendo account that doesn't have friends with it.
Yes, the whole reason why I thought they were doing these in the first place.
The My Nintendo account is supposed to link to that.
Nope, none of that.
And look, I know that some mobile games have used codes in the past, but either I'm just not playing enough mobile games, but I don't see them recently anymore.
Like I'm looking at the games I am playing.
Fuck, Super Mario Run used it, used Facebook and Twitter.
Non-Stop Night I'm still playing, that uses that.
Final Fantasy XVS is on Facebook.
Miitomo fucking uses Facebook and Twitter.
Like, I don't, like friend codes are fucking ten years ago. Bye.
I'm so shocked that there's some online thing that Nintendo's not getting.
Well, I'm sure they'll have that all ironed out in about four weeks, right?
I'm sure that'll be all taken care of.
Fifth Dream in chat is pointing out permadeath can be turned off.
Yeah, I heard that about the mobile game, which is part of what, honestly, had made that more appealing.
But you know what? I don't have to go suck on the tit of everything that Nintendo puts out.
I just don't.
So, you know what? This one's a pass from me.
If people just, if, man, I go to parties and everybody's sitting on their phone playing the game and like, Rob, you have to fucking play this and all this stuff, maybe I'll change my mind.
But at this point, I'm not really seeing it. Beyond.
No, I don't have to fucking play this. What are you doing with your life?
Unless that game that they're playing on their phone is the Jackbox Party Pack?
No, somebody who plays Ingress, not allowed to say that to anybody.
Hey, I don't play it that much, okay?
Now, I'm not saying that I may have stayed up looking at a map on, you know, a computer talking to people over, you know, the internet, telling them where to go.
That may not be a thing I did, but you know what? Seriously, though.
I hit level 27 in Pokemon Go this week, though, so you can't say I'm not supporting Nintendo in one way or another.
Although, you know, how much money does Nintendo really get from that game?
They get a cut, I'm sure, but probably not as much as Pokemon Company and Niantic.
Still not getting enough money to fix all the spoofing, cheating problems.
Yeah, well anyway, if you were looking forward, the whole point of this, if you were looking forward to Animal Crossing on mobile, it's delayed.
They're just saying it's bumped to the next fiscal year, but to be fair, that is just April or later.
So, I guess at one point they had guaranteed it for this fiscal year, or you know, said it would be this fiscal year, but they're bumping it back a little further.
I had always thought this was dated for just calendar year 2018, so I wasn't completely disappointed by this.
It could be that they're just not either ready with it, or maybe they just want to bump it so that they're, you know, not putting all their money into this quarter or year or something like that.
Well, let's also not forget Super Mario Run still hasn't shown up on Android, so that's something they probably want to get out before the end of March.
Well, they probably are. I think it's supposed to come out in March.
Did they announce it already? They did put a date on that, yeah, yeah.
So, anyway, Animal Crossing, we'll just have to wait a little longer. I probably will check that out on mobile.
I mean, I just, Lord help me if they don't figure out how to get on Facebook, Twitter, or my Nintendo would be just fine to link to other people.
Man, the microtransactions.
If a friend code shows up in Animal Crossing, so help me God.
The microtransactions in that game are going to be fucking off the chain.
I, uh, you know what, if the microtransactions are the classic NES games, like in the original Animal Crossing, which is part of what made that game so fucking desirable and great,
which is also why we'll probably never see it on Virtual Console, the GameCube version.
God no, yeah.
I would be here for that in a heartbeat. They could charge a little money for that.
Exactly.
Although, those games would not be fun to play on touch screen only.
Maybe something like Clue Clue Land or Balloon Fight or some of the ridiculously simple ones, the controls aren't that serious, but like Mario Brothers and Zelda, that would not be fun at all.
Not be fun at all.
Let's see, Ragenator in chat says, with the next Nintendo game, not only will you need to use friend codes, but you'll have to solve Resident Evil style puzzles, solve Einstein's field equations, translate War and Peace into Aramic in order to add friends, Sky.
Yeah, sounds about right. Sounds about right.
Dark Sakura, take me to some more pleasant news in gaming.
We've been also playing another thing at my house.
Now, I didn't mention this because I know it was a story.
Mega Man 2.5D remake. Have you seen it?
Capcom put out another Mega Man game?
No.
What?
This is a fan game.
Oh.
Basically, it really is a 2.5D game that kind of tilts and rotates, but it's still mostly 2D.
Except it does some weird tilting when you're climbing up or down things.
And you'll go alongside and then the screen will stop and rotate and then you go onto the next part of the stage.
Is it a remake of one of the older games or is it like a new one?
It's a combination, basically.
Oh.
The people behind it did, like, it's got different bosses in it. Like, it's got Quick Man, Snake Man, Splash Woman.
So, it's a big combination.
Well, they kind of did a hodgepodge from different games.
And you can play as Proto Man.
And also, yes, it's got Shadow Man in it and who was the Pharaoh looking one? I don't remember who he was.
Pharaoh Man?
Pharaoh Man. Pharaoh Man!
But you can also, it has co-op and versus in it. So, it's pretty neat.
It's pretty difficult too, though, but it seems like it's a lot of fun.
And that's Mega Man 2.5D.
Alright.
By the way, I think it has been taken down off of the site.
What a shock.
That would be wrong because I am currently downloading it.
Good. I had to get mine from the torrent link because the other ones were down.
Once on the internet, though, always on the internet.
Yep.
Alright.
Alright, well, let's move on with some more news. Just a couple, oh, yeah.
I forgot one thing. If you go on the guy's site and look at the art assets, they totally did a US style one that is so bad.
Oh, like the box art?
For cover art, right? It's terrible bad.
I have to check that out. Yeah, I really need to. I want to check that out, hopefully before they take it down.
But even if they take it down, I can just get it off Loki's computer.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week. But first, Loki.
So, remember that thing that they were showing off at E3 2014?
I remember Miyamoto had some concepts that he was working on. One of those was Project Giant Robot.
And remember how he said it looked like crap? Well, they cancelled it.
So, they're not working on it anymore. Probably makes sense because it was a Wii U concept and they're not making anything for the Wii U anymore.
So, since it's not going to translate, I would think you maybe need that second screen for something that probably makes sense that you wouldn't have that on the Switch.
Sucks for those people that wanted to play the game. Not me, I'm not one of them.
And I'm hoping that means that, oh, wait, no, that Project Guard did end up being some shitty mini game.
It was the Star Fox thing, wasn't it?
But, yeah, that was a weird E3. Like, where Nintendo kind of had to justify the Wii U.
So, they were like, Miyamoto, convince everybody the Wii U gamepad's a good idea.
And that was what you got.
So, alright, well, it's something you're never going to play again.
So, you would think they'd at least maybe put out the demo as a free piece of software. Just throw us a bone somewhere.
The cancelled game stuff is always weird to me. Anyway, Stoppy in Chat says over at live.fognetwork.com,
I'm so sad about that. It seemed to be the closest we could get to a RAD successor.
Well, let's talk about Retro Studios. What are they working on?
Well, they're dropping some hints that it might be Metroid Prime.
Now, this could be stretching a little bit.
And it all went down on Twitter where there was a tweet that went out to Retro Studios that said,
Hey Retro Studios, what game are you making? We old people want to know.
Well, the interesting thing is Retro Studios replied and said, we're making something delicious.
And they replied with a picture.
And the picture is like of a delicious looking dinner.
I mean, Loki, look at that meat arrangement there. Doesn't that look amazing? Yes.
Well, here's the interesting thing about it.
That's some prime steak you're looking at there. Some prime meats.
So people are reading that as confirmed Metroid Prime.
That might be a little bit of a stretch, but there you go.
That's stretching it a bit.
It'd be different if like, no, they can't put like a picture of a Metroid in the picture.
Or they're making a game called like Ham and Chili. I don't know.
Chili Prime. Ooh, Chili Prime.
It's on an ice planet.
I would think that would be the type of thing Nintendo would bring to E3 if that is certainly a thing that's happening.
But we'll find out.
This has been a while. Did we talk about, there was another Metroid fan game that I saw that came out.
Like Metroid Zero or something like that that someone put out.
I don't think it came up on the show. The last one I remember was the AM2R.
Yeah, this is a brand new one. This is like a Metroid Zero.
Oh yeah, I did hear about this. Somebody took like Metroid Zero.
Yeah, it's like a ROM hack and they try to expand on the story before even like Metroid Zero, right?
So that looked cool.
Yeah, and something else to look out for and download.
Yep.
Alright, well let's talk about those classics. Games like Metroid that will forever be etched in our memory.
That's why we do a segment like this called the Classic Game of the Week.
Where every week Dark Sakura jumps into the gaming vault head first, swims through her piles and piles of games.
It's sticky.
And pulls out one game from the rubble that she declares, this is the game that you all should be playing this week or you are literal garbage.
Yes, garbage.
Just kidding. But you should still respect the Classic Game of the Week and this one I must say, one of my all time favorites too.
This is a good one. This is a good one.
What is the Classic Game of the Week, Dark Sakura?
From way back in 2003.
Meaning 10 years or older. 14 years.
14 years old.
Yep.
Is WarioWare Inc. Mega Microgames. With a dollar sign. Bam!
In Japan it was called Made in Wario.
And in PAL it was WarioWare Inc. Minigame Mania.
This came out on the Game Boy Advance back in Le Day.
And it was the first of the WarioWare game series.
So basically, it's all minigames. Just teeny tiny microgames.
And they're only a few seconds, but in each of these little games you have to control it of course with your D-Pad and your A-Button.
And you have to figure out what you're supposed to do based on a word or phrase that appears and then you get all the conditions you have to finish.
You sometimes have to shoot targets, you have multiple choice answers, or you just have to make it through a timer.
So you start with four lives and the game ends when you lose all your lives.
For the main game you go through all the levels either as Wario or one of his buddies.
And then some of them are nature games or puzzle games and some of them are based on Nintendo games.
So as you go through them the time goes down more and more until you have to beat them really quickly.
And then you also have different boss encounters as you go through.
So really it's just minigames. It's fun little crazy minigames.
And I have to read the plot because this is great.
While at home one evening Wario turns on his TV to see a special report on video game sales going up all due to popular games like Pioro.
After thinking for a few seconds Wario realizes that video games may be a potential goldmine for him.
The next morning he rushes out and buys a laptop computer and immediately gets to work.
He starts making games but when realizing it takes hard work he calls his friends to come and make some games.
Thus WarioWare Inc. is formed with Wario as president of the company.
Basically Wario makes all of his friends make games and he takes the money for himself.
Complete with his cast of characters Wario, Jimmy T, Mona, Dribble and Spitz, 9 Volt, Orbulan, Dr. Crygor, and Cat and Anna.
The game has been very popular. It has spawned other versions of itself.
Game Informer in 2008 said it was one of the top 10 weirdest games of all time.
So for other versions that came out on the GameCube it was WarioWare Inc. Mega Party Games.
In Japan it was Atsumare Made in Wario.
There were the DSiWare games Paper Plane and Pyoto which are part of the DSiWare digital service.
And then we also had re-releases for Virtual Console.
And that's it. WarioWare.
One of my very favorites. I love this game. It's so fun.
I love the classic NES games parts where it's like you just do one little thing from the classic games.
I love that the best. I think a lot of people who played WarioWare probably enjoy that.
It just made me think if he hired all of his friends to make those games.
I bet some of his friends are like, I just lost interest here, it ends here.
Put it on a timer. Who cares.
Alright there it is your classic game of the week. WarioWare Inc.
The Microgames. One of my all time favorites.
Alright we are going to take a break but we have plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come after the break.
Including some rapid fire news.
Your emails at participate at orangesloungeradio.com and your calls.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype.
When we come back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight.
On this historical episode number 674.
February the 5th of 2017. Historical.
No wait that's the Super Bowl because apparently they are in overtime.
No wonder nobody is listening tonight.
Just kidding. We appreciate those of you faithful that are still here showing up.
Live in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
It's about time for us to get into some rapid fire news. Take it away Loki.
Alright so there is a brand new shooter that's coming to Playstation VR.
Next week actually.
Called Dexed. It's being developed by Ninja Theory.
And it looks pretty cool. It's kind of like a Panzer Dragoon style game.
So that will come out for 10 bucks.
Actually I'm sorry that I already came out. So that was apparently last Tuesday.
I'll have to try that out. I've been looking for more Playstation VR stuff.
So cool.
Does it give you a headache at all?
No. The only thing that gives me a headache is.
I don't know if I try to like lay. Like you know how they with the Playstation VR.
They're like oh yeah you can lay back and watch like movies and stuff like that.
You can't lay on that because there's like a bar in the back there.
Oh that sounds annoying.
So that would really put a kink in your neck.
Anyways so this is kind of cool. There's another ROM hack.
Now remember we talked about how they put Bubsy into Streets of Rage.
Well now this is a little less weird. They put Darkwing Duck into DuckTales 2.
So yes you can actually play as Darkwing Duck.
And apparently they hacked the two player mode and one of the players is now Darkwing Duck.
Does he flap in the night?
Probably.
I love Darkwing Duck.
So yeah if you want to check that out you can go to ROMhacking.net. Check it out.
Cool. Well I have something that's a little bit more.
I would say that's been talked about on the last show because I was going to talk about it.
But there's something a little bit more about the I guess political action behind the character Diva from Overwatch.
And that we've seen for some of the protesting that was going on in Korea as well.
That they rallied behind Diva and her little rabbit mascot as you know a rallying cry.
But it also came in because of a girl who was pretty much so good at Overwatch that the men accused her of cheating.
And just went from there as being I guess a source of pride overall.
But now there's a lot more rallying I guess with Diva's little rabbit mascot.
They were even protesting against in the women's march.
They were in the women's march that happened in Seoul.
And I just think it's amazing. It makes me just want to get nothing but shirts with angry rabbits on them.
I think I'm going to do that now.
And then in other news for those of us who are fans of Mass Effect.
For Andromeda you get a 10 hour trial of Andromeda 5 days before launch.
But that is only if you are an access subscriber.
So that will be out on March 16th.
And the game is going to be out on March 21st.
Gonna be mine. Gonna be mine.
So it's like you get to play it early.
Yeah. And then you have to wait. And then play it some more.
It's gonna be mine.
I don't know if you know this. Is it going to be a piece from the actual game?
Or is it going to be a separate demo?
It doesn't say.
Boo.
But I've already decided that when I make my character she's going to be Kamen Rider.
Now it works.
Mine's going to be Richard Rider and I'll let you fill in the gaps.
Alright. Moving on. Let's talk about Final Fantasy 15.
Remember how everybody hated Chapter 13? Well at least I did. So that means everybody.
I haven't gotten to Chapter 13 because I haven't played it anymore.
Everyone didn't bother.
All you need to do is wait until March 28th.
Because the promised changes to Chapter 13 will be occurring on March 28th.
That is also by the way the same day as the Gladio DLC will be coming.
That has also been dated for March 28th.
What is my VR DLC coming?
That has not been dated.
But it is interesting because it seems like they're kind of doing something to change the game every month.
They're doing little updates. Like they had the Chocobo Moogle Festival in January which I didn't think was very good at all.
Like I heard Bobby showing. I know he liked it. I didn't like it at all. I thought it was kind of lame thing that they threw it put in there.
Did you see the not Power Rangers costume thing that they're supposed to be doing?
And there's February's thing that they're putting in there.
Yeah it's like oh yeah we didn't put it out because it was too similar to the Power Rangers. Yeah no shit.
And there isn't a Power Rangers movie about to hit theaters or anything.
No not at all.
They'll be selling Cup Noodle at the movie theaters.
Cup Noodle.
Anyway.
But you know what I'm looking forward very much to the Gladio DLC and exploring that and so the Chapter 13.
I don't know if I want to go back and re-experience Chapter 13 but I kind of feel like I have to.
But maybe that's one of those things I can just watch a YouTube right Logie?
I'll watch you play it on YouTube or something.
Yeah right like we're streaming.
A little bit of sad news this week. A moment please to remember Masaya Nakamura who passed away this week at the age of 91.
A lot of outlets misreporting that he's the creator of Pac-Man.
No Masaya Nakamura was not the creator of Pac-Man.
But he's tied to Pac-Man because he was the founder of Namco in the year 1955.
So actually he passed away on January 22nd.
But the news of his passing was given out after the Waken funeral with close relatives was already held.
That was all at the request of his family.
So yes he founded Namco Games who's brought us a lot of great stuff over the years.
Unfortunately he passed away this week.
But 91 good number. Very good number.
So great guy for gaming.
Alright let's travel around and check out what is in stores this week.
Logie?
There's a whole ton of stuff coming out this week.
I'm kind of surprised because February is usually a little bit busier.
But this week we have Altier Sophie the Alchemist of the Mysterious Book on PC.
Knights of Xur on PC.
Neo coming out in PlayStation 4. That's a pretty big one.
And Splasher on PC.
Finally the port of WWE 2K17 also out on PC. That is it.
And Rob is choking.
Sorry.
Please don't die Rob. We kind of need you.
I'm trying to do that thing where I eat in between talking so I'm not chewing and talking to you guys.
But yeah I almost choked on what I was eating there.
Yeah those things where it slowly goes down your throat.
Yeah well there's nothing you can do. It feels like you're choking for the longest time.
I'm also eating toast with peanut butter.
So it's kind of like you know sometimes if you try to swallow that too fast it's like rargh.
So anyway.
Let's talk about what's coming out in Japan this week on the PlayStation 4.
So this week we have on February the 9th.
Four Goddesses Online Cyber Dimension Neptune comes out in Irregular and Royal Edition.
Neptuneia.
Sengoku Musou 4-2 gets a price reduction that's already been out.
But it's going to be a price reduction into the best collection over there.
And that's honestly really it.
That Four Goddesses Online Cyber Dimension Neptune is really the biggest release on the PlayStation 4 this week.
It does not appear that that carries over to the Vita.
Vita is actually dry this week in Japan. Usually there's a ton of stuff.
But not this week.
However on the Nintendo 3DS there is Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 3 Professional that is out this week.
So a lot of folks really into Dragon Quest and spinoff games.
So I'm sure folks will be checking that out.
But that's really it as far as Japan is concerned.
How about Europe DarkSakura?
Jack shit.
Really that's it.
Alright.
Then let's go to the mailbag.
Well DarkSakura we got to make you do some work.
So let's get to our mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
DarkSakura dives in the mailbag head first and pulls out an email.
Thanks. Hey.
This is worth reading on air.
Yep.
So DarkSakura what is in the email bag this week?
Just one to catch up on from the missed show last week.
Only one worth reading.
Fair enough.
Hello LR.
Last week you guys discussed the rumored possibility that Nintendo Switch will lack Netflix, Hulu and other streaming apps.
Plus we already know that Nintendo will be offering features such as voice chat and matchmaking through smartphone apps.
I believe the real issue here is that Nintendo is potentially failing to understand the importance of an entertainment ecosystem.
As a console manufacturer you want to keep folks engaged in your ecosystem.
Excuse me.
For example Microsoft wants you to spend as much time on your Xbox One as possible regardless of whether you're actually playing games on it.
After all the more time you spend there the more likely it is that you'll make purchases on Xbox One.
If I shut it down and turn on my PS4 instead that means I'll be spending time and possibly money in Sony's ecosystem rather than Microsoft's.
If Nintendo fails to provide streaming apps they are discouraging folks from staying within their ecosystem.
But even worse is the fact that they are actually sending folks to other ecosystems by providing Switch related features on iOS and Android platforms.
I mean since you're now in front of your phone anyway you may as well check on your mobile games, social media, messaging apps and so on.
Many of which allow you to spend money somewhere else.
I must say I'm not quite sure if this is their best possible strategy.
Can I just commend YYR that is a really good way of putting it honestly.
Like that is a really good way of putting like where my because you know last week there was a lot of you guys that disagreed with me on the whole Netflix saying like the system doesn't need Netflix.
But I'm just kind of like I just still think they are making a huge mistake and I think YYR really put words there to what I was thinking.
At least I'm going to claim that's what I was thinking because that was a really good argument. Thank you.
Rob you also mentioned Project Diva Future Tone.
Yes the price tag is off putting at first but I spent over $80 on just the two base packs for the identical Japanese release and I can say this much.
If you will actually play it for the many many hours of entertainment it can provide it is absolutely worth every penny.
The list of over 200 songs spans the entire series and not much is left out plus the note charts are all unique to this version.
I will mention that the DLC is coming some content including new songs and additional charts for existing songs was added to the arcade version after the PS4 version came out.
The DLC brings the PS4 version up to date.
If you want all of it is $25 bringing the grand total for everything to $79.
Once again if you are enough of a fan that you will actually play this thing for the hundred plus hours of fun it will provide it's still worth it.
Considering how good of a value it actually is I'm not sure when or if they'll put it on sale. I already own the Japanese version as well.
It's Sega it'll go on sale.
So I wasn't in much of a rush to buy the American release but what I plan to do is wait for another one of Sony's spend $100 get 15 or similar PSN promotions to get a pseudo discount.
So if you're still on the fence you could do that as well.
Not a bad idea. I feel like YYR should be the official legal counsel of OLR. He's made some good arguments tonight.
I mean I know he's not actually a lawyer but neither are we.
Lastly thanks for having me. I feel like one fucking lately.
Oh a lawyer?
I will pause for just a moment.
My mother reads the stupid red sites that are nothing but you know bullshit.
Clickbait.
Yeah but they literally are full of lies. I've gone on her page and looked at this shit.
Like the whole Gaga is going to do a satanic ritual today.
Whatever.
I was actually sad she didn't.
So I have actually been going on like and pulling like legal records and cases and shit to say here's where what you just said was wrong.
Doesn't matter.
I know.
To be fair it happens on the other side too. It just seems to be happening more often lately.
My mom doesn't know how to do it.
I know.
She's like well it's on the national news. What national news?
Fox News.
Anyway lastly thanks for having Matt Baum on the show last week.
The interview was really interesting and now I'm going to be giving the Defining Marriage podcast a shot.
I was not aware that he had also published a book by the same name.
He did.
Thanks as always for being awesome. Have a great week. Lots of hugs Aaron YYR.
I hope you tweeted that at Matt and anybody who enjoyed him on the show last time tweet him and say you enjoyed the interview.
Because you know that helps people know that OLR is a great place to come pitch your story.
Did someone send an email about Kigurumi?
Yeah it was the week you were gone.
Oh and you know what I actually was wrong about games because I was looking in January and it's February.
Oh so you want to go back and alter your UK releases?
Yeah hold on. Because when you link them to me you're always giving me like September 2016.
Oh sorry. Oh so now it's my fault.
Yes it is your fault.
Now it's my fault. You know what?
Girl.
Those were just the alternative release dates.
The alternative. Okay.
On the 7th is Fallout Shelter for Xbox One and the 9th is Neo for Playstation 4 and IOH. That's it.
Which is apparently one of those like hard as hell kind of games. Like Dark Souls but like at 11.
Which you know Dark Souls is nightmare enough. I was watching, I didn't play it myself but I was watching someone play Dark Souls 3 this weekend.
Did you poop?
What?
Did you poop?
Well yes but not because of the game.
Everybody does Dark Sakura.
I have a book about that you know.
Yes I know I know.
By the way I found my copy of Come Out Squirtle.
Did you? Mine's over here in the...
Yep.
It's next to my video games for some weird reason.
How apropro.
Alright let's move on. We gotta get to some other news stories and then your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Loki.
Alright so we finally got some news regarding the whole online service for the Nintendo Switch.
They've come out with the pricing for it.
So they're saying that the annual cost is going to be between 2000 and 3000 yen or approximately 1760 to 2640 a year.
And they're also saying that they're considering adding virtual reality as an option for the Switch.
I really don't see that happening at least with this device.
And but if they're able to resolve the issues of discomfort of VR over multiple hours.
Let's put it this way. That system is not the dimensions nor is it the resolution for VR.
I just don't see that happening.
I just don't.
Maybe phones can do it but it won't be anything better than like the Samsung Gear VR or something like that.
What do you think of that lower price though?
I have to see what we're getting with that. It doesn't matter what the price is. The fact that they pay anything for it.
What am I getting with that?
Well I'm glad at least based on what we're hearing so far.
Because I think we did kind of rant a little bit two weeks ago about what the hell are we going to be paying 60 bucks a month for if we're not really getting something that's equal to 60 a year.
Or sorry 60 a year not a month.
But you know it's nice to hear that okay even though it does sound like it's going to be a rental as opposed to a purchase.
It's still not okay. I think that's stupid. I think it's stupid. Don't even give it out if you're going to just take it right back.
I think if anything they should at least give you one virtual console game. I mean they've made their money on these games a long time ago.
There is no value being lost there to them. I mean but they're just greedy and want more money for those virtual console games.
They've made millions of dollars for them. You know several millions of dollars for them each one.
So there's no point in not being able to give that at least even if you're going to say okay we're only going to do one game.
One virtual console game a month. It's still better than nothing.
And we still don't know what exactly feature wise is going to be available with this.
So even if it was like say $24 a year say $2 a month. What am I getting with that.
That's what I want to know is like show me something that's actually going to be valuable here.
Like how is right now Nintendo's track record with networking has not been good.
I mean look we just talked about it not too long ago that they're still doing friend codes in like one of their games.
They can't even get a service like they have.
They can't get the marketplaces to talk to each other you know like your purchases on the Wii U aren't transferring over to the Wii U.
And you know that you'd have to pay an upgrade fee for that. Fuck that.
It shouldn't be happening. If you bought it a virtual console game on one system it should be able to just unlock for free in the other one.
I mean Sony's guilty for this as well with the PlayStation 2 stuff. At least their excuse is that oh we have to create an emulator for it and all that stuff.
But I don't know I still want to get more details regarding what exactly I'm getting for that kind of money.
And also that you know for me it doesn't really make much of a difference right now because I don't have the system.
But if they're launching with a partial feature set there's there's no like streaming apps there's a lot of stuff missing that's just staples with other platforms.
And you got to be on par with those other platforms I would think if you want to have a comparable product.
And you can't just say well we're just not competing so that's how we get away with it. Fuck that. You're in the marketplace. You're competing.
We'll see what it looks like on holiday. I don't know. I'm not rehashing this again. Let's move on.
Okay so we have to talk about something and you know there's a lot of politics going on in the world.
And I know some of you listen to OLR to escape politics to talk about video games here.
But the reality is some stuff is going on in the world that is actually impacting the games industry.
So these worlds are colliding so you kind of you kind of have to pay attention to what's going on around you.
So I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard about the executive order that banned immigration and visas from seven different countries.
Overruled.
Which yes has been overruled by a judge. I believe the Department of Justice filed an urgent appeal or whatever they call it.
Which was denied. That doesn't mean to be fair that doesn't mean the ban is permanently overruled.
The appeal can still go through. It just will not be fast. It will not be urgent immediately.
The appeal actually got rejected.
Oh was it? I thought the fast appeal was rejected. Not the full appeal.
That could possibly be it but I saw I read it just the other day while I was high on meds.
Regardless, it's not over. Even if it stays.
Our so-called president.
So look anyway here's the deal and I'm not just talking about the fact that you know and I think a lot of you were seeing this on blogs going around this week.
That Nasir Gebelli who was an Iranian immigrant if I recall correctly was actually the programmer on the original Final Fantasy game.
So he worked for Square at the time and created basically the original NES. I mean it was made in Japan but he did like the coding for it for the NES version of it.
He also did games like 3D World Runner, Rad Racer, Secret of Mana, etc.
So despite however you feel about this issue which I just want to make it very clear. It's crap. I feel personally it is total fucking crap.
Because America was founded on people coming from other places and we call ourselves the melting pot.
Anyway try to get off my soapbox.
Only if you're white.
I'm going to try to get off my soapbox. Well you know what white people weren't here to begin with.
I just had that chat with my mother today.
I know I know. Anyway get off my soapbox and try to stick to the facts here.
And that is the fact that you know the ESA the Entertainment Software Association has come out and said some things against the ban.
So the ESA said the Entertainment Software Association urges the White House to exercise caution with regard to vital immigration and foreign worker programs.
As a leading force in technology and exporter of entertainment the U.S. video game industry thrives on the contribution of innovators and storytellers from around the world.
While recognizing that enhancing national security and protecting our country's citizens are critical goals.
Our companies rely on the skilled talent of U.S. citizens, foreign nationals and immigrants alike.
Our nation's actions and words to support their participation in the American economy.
And look a lot of people tech companies as well coming out with very similar language against the ban.
Washington was the state where this was successfully overturned.
And that is because of companies like Microsoft, big technology company, Amazon and other Washington based companies.
Expedia I think was the other one.
And we've had more local ones speaking out too.
Well sure lots of companies speaking out but I'm just talking specifically Washington for a minute because that's the reason why this got overturned in the moment.
And Microsoft obviously a big part of the gaming thing as well.
But they spoke out and said this ban immediately directly affects what we're doing.
Because Nasir came over here and you know Final Fantasy is what it is because of him.
That is continuing in all these gaming companies right.
Guess what if you enjoy a video game there's a very very very fucking good chance that somebody from one of these seven countries had their hand in it somewhere.
So it's affecting all these countries.
And that's why you have all these companies that are coming out and saying this sucks.
Because you know we had somebody coming over here that was going to you know be investigating the cure for whooping cough was it.
And you know can't get here because of your arbitrary brush against these countries.
Basically their racism and Islamophobia is getting in the way of what the country was founded on.
Coming together as a diverse people to make a better life.
And we were already vetting people for the record.
If you want to talk about the bad people that caused the Bowling Green massacre never forget.
Never remember.
They vet people already.
We need to wait to talk about the whole Bowling Green thing until it actually happens.
You know what I'm saying.
I wouldn't wish that on the community of Bowling Green, Ohio or Kentucky.
So I did a little search.
You were right it's on the quick overturn.
They are telling them they have to file paperwork and there's already a motion started for impeachment.
Oh that I didn't know.
I honestly thought the impeachment thing was going to be like a daily thing that somebody in the house would put on the floor.
Just like overturning the Affordable Care Act.
It actually was started by Maxine wasn't it?
By a Dallas lawmaker.
But then who's going to take over when President Bannon gets taken out of office?
That's okay Trump will still bend over for him.
They will find somebody else to be the Muppet in Chief that Bannon can put his hand up their ass I'm sure.
Anyway moving on I want to talk about Devolver Digital because this is a very good thing that Devolver is doing.
Well they shouldn't have to fucking do it but they're doing it so good on them snaps for you.
So Devolver Digital put out an open call to developers basically saying hey if you're unable to come to GDC this year.
If you're getting shut out of GDC because of this ban just like Oscar nominated filmmakers are not able to attend the ceremonies because of the ban.
Devolver Digital is saying in a press release that we will demo the game for you at what's called Devolver Underground which is going to be near the convention center.
I think Devolver was probably already always planning to show their own games this way but they're basically saying they have gaming PCs, they have Vive VR headsets available, space is limited.
They're going to prioritize developers who had already made travel plans to GDC but have had to cancel in light of what's going on.
GDC the official organization has said they will refund people if you have been affected by this.
Which hopefully thanks to what happened in Washington and hopefully things stay that way.
Hopefully these folks can come over here anyway but at the same time I couldn't fault them if they didn't want to at this point.
So anyway Devolver Digital is going to be doing this so cool at least these games will get to be seen at GDC if they want at this point.
Alright that's it. That's my political story for now so let's move on. Let's talk about something else that sucks StarSakura.
I know you're ready to talk about something else that sucks.
I don't know exactly how accurate this is.
It's Bad News Sunday.
Look what happens when the Patriots win the fucking Super Bowl.
Well it did happen with the election too.
Bad News Sunday. That's right. Bad News 2017. Anyway but at least Betty White's still alive.
One of my friends just said that the Super Bowl was a parable for the election.
Can we not?
Let's not. It's all dumb.
Anyway apparently GameStop has been I'm going to say discouraging their employees from selling unopened copies of games.
They have a program called the Circle of Life.
The Circle of Life. It's a movie about lions.
Maybe you need to borrow my Blu-ray. Lion King 3D.
That was a clap back to part A.
You know I freaking have that on laserdisc I think.
Anyway so basically they get percentage quotas for pre-orders, reward card subscriptions, and used game sales and then game trade-ins.
Each of these quotas are based on their total transactions.
So pre-orders and reward cards are the big ones of course.
Used game sales and trade are some sort of calculation that they have for what's going to make the money.
Scam. It's a scam. That's the word you're looking for. Scam.
So basically if someone goes in to pick up a game without pre-ordering a game,
subscribing for a rewards card, buying a used game, or trading in some games to help pay for it,
the transaction will knock down those four percentages.
Because it's based on total number of sales and what percentage of them make up a certain thing.
So now apparently this is coming from a GameStop staff member who says that they're telling people that they don't have a game in stock so they can sell a used one.
So that it doesn't hit their numbers. This is apparently going company-wide.
So they'll say that, for example, game A is out new. They don't have it so they'll sell it pre-owned.
Or just say fucking used. So they'll sell the used one.
And that it also, each employee gets a perk for selling within those parameters.
So just be cognizant of it when you go in.
Like if someone goes in and you don't have a reservation for a game, you can just tell them,
if this is your circle of life thing, go get me the game.
I would just say, well, A, I haven't shopped at GameStop in years anyway.
I have been in them, so I know they've changed.
I will say, okay, fine, I did buy one thing at a GameStop and it was in Atlanta when I was at DragonCon.
I bought a lanyard at GameStop because I forgot to.
Every year I'm notorious for forgetting a fucking lanyard for DragonCon because it's the one convention that doesn't give you one.
So I went with our pal Misty, who listens to this show, on a train to go to the mall.
We went to GameStop and I got a lanyard. It's a sweet lanyard. I will say that. It's a Pokemon lanyard.
But it's the one thing I've got at GameStop in like the past three years.
Because I just go to other, you know, and so if somebody were to pull that line on me, I would just be like,
alright, well, I'll go to Amazon. Thanks. Leave.
I wouldn't take it out on the employees and that's one thing we all need to remember in this.
Is that these people that work at GameStop probably hate this fucking thing as much as the rest of us do.
And they're just trying to make a living.
It's, yeah, I mean...
It affects their paycheck too.
Yeah.
Their whole thing, I mean, I understand why they're doing it.
It's, you know, to keep it profitable because there's more of a profit margin for used games than new games.
There's no profit margin on hardware and that's why they have to do this in order to stay profitable to keep the business going.
It still sucks though.
But, and it sucks that, you know, the employees feel that they have to do this in order to keep up these standards because there is such high turnover.
It reminds me of like a lot of like the call center environments and stuff like that where there's the, you know,
oh yeah, they hit a certain quota or else, you know, you better be working more hours.
You better rush those people off the phone.
Yeah.
Which is like the worst thing you can possibly do.
But anyway, Akuma JP in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, we don't have condoms right now.
You can buy this used condom though.
Ew.
Now, now.
It's a previously owned condom.
Dungeon Buster says, this article helped me find a cheaper deal on Watch Dogs 2.
A GameStop employee mentioned that Watch Dogs was 29 at GameStop.
It isn't, at least according to their site.
While the used version is 54, but Best Buy actually had it for 29 at the time.
I did some digging.
The policy is also not new at GameStop.
When it was Babbage's, there was also a drive to push ads on purchases like magazines, et cetera, to help numbers.
Well, in retail, they're always going to upsell you things anyway.
Which I think in general, by the way, just to get a little tangenty for a minute.
These sorts of policies are what's turning people to online.
And why people don't like shop in stores anymore.
Because I don't want to use the broad stroke, millennials, but I'm going to in this case.
And I even kind of loop myself in, even though technically based on my year, I'm Gen X.
But I mean, what are these labels anyway, but whatever.
But millennials don't like that pressure of going into a store and knowing that they're going to get upsold all this shit.
Who does? No one does.
Yeah, that's right. I was going to say, kind of no one does.
It's like not the millennials, it's anybody.
Remember when they used to fucking do magazine subscriptions with Best Buy and stuff?
Like you purchase something with a credit card and get signed up for like a magazine.
The reason why I use that broad stroke, just to be clear, is because I think now that that technology is there that makes it easy to go somewhere else where you don't have to deal with people.
I mean, fucking A. Even Starbucks now, which usually has pretty much the friendliest employees I see, right?
I don't usually get angry baristas, but maybe once in a huge while.
Like usually the people at Starbucks are very pleasant to interact with.
But even at Starbucks, I can punch in my order on the phone, hit the thing, walk over to Starbucks, the drinks already on the counter.
I pick it up and I walk out the door like I fucking stole it.
And listen, round table, I don't want your fucking wings, okay?
You've been offering me your brand new wings for like several years now.
I'm ordering a fucking pizza, I don't want your goddamn wings.
Now Bob Coffee points out upselling happens online also, service plan, lolz.
You know, that's true, but I think it's easier to tell a monitor no than it might be for some people to look someone in the eye and tell them no.
Plus you don't have the pressure of like that person basically knows that that's their commission.
Look at a site like when you go and register a web domain, right?
You can do a cheap web domain for like really low cost, but then it's like, well, add this and add this.
And don't you want the dot org and the dot net and the dot xxx and all this other stuff too?
I do want the dot xxx.
You know, like, oh my god, like that is someone like the worst online with the upselling that I've ever seen, right?
But it's still pretty easy to get around, you know, so it's just different.
But my whole point to this whole thing was, I think that is why you have a lot of retail that's fucking hurting.
Like fucking Macy's is about to go under, it seems like, or it's going to get bought or something like that.
And it's like, Macy's is like the department store at every fucking mall.
And they're about to, they're looking at tough times right now because people will buy clothes online because they don't even need to try them on in a real store anymore.
If it doesn't fit, they just put it in the box and send it back and the clothes people are still making money.
So it's just, it just, yeah.
Anyway, these policies, so the fact that this came out for GameStop and is out there and circulating the internet is really bad news to them.
So I don't, and I don't know if you've seen anything on this Dark Soccer or Logie, anybody, has GameStop tried to put a cork on this in the past few days that this has happened?
I haven't seen anything.
I haven't seen anything either. So if they have tried to put a cork on it, it hasn't been effective.
Maybe it's on their Twitter or some shit, I don't know.
Or it's true and they're having to deal with a fallout, you know?
And some folks in chat are saying, yeah, I have friends at GameStop and this is true.
I don't doubt that this is true, but these sorts of policies are killing retail and killing those types of jobs like those folks that are working at GameStop.
So you need to fucking shape up your policies, GameStop.
Especially considering you have a younger audience, you know, usually, who knows how to fucking use online?
Start selling those Wii U games a little cheaper because, my God, fucking Nintendo.
I wanted to get it. I'm still looking at maybe getting a used copy of Pokken Tournament so my son can play it because he wants a new game.
And they're just not marking that shit down and that's Nintendo's fault because they're not marking that shit down. Not price protecting that shit.
Sorry, William Murderface following up on my Starbucks comment saying, those ordering apps are great if you have weird orders or customized orders.
I imagine that they make it a bit easier for the staff as well. Oh my God, you just hit the nail on the head on why I actually love to use that Starbucks app.
Because we all know that asshole at the counter, who happens to be me, who's always like, okay, can I get a latte?
But I want to get two pumps of the sugar-free this and two pumps of the sugar-free that and I want to get with the nonfat milk.
So I always feel like I'm such an asshole, but with the phone, I can just put it all in and it's fine.
And to be fair, I don't do that all the time. But I feel like I can do that with the phone app a lot easier.
Otherwise, I'll walk up to the counter and just be like, alright, Skinny Cinnamon Dolce Latte is good enough.
And just order that. But if I want the drink I really want, I'll use the app.
Let's see, Fifth Dream is pointing out plane tickets. Want to rent a car? Get a hotel? Insurance? Yeah, certainly.
But you know what? Back in the day of travel agents, I'm sure it was just as bad.
Travel agents are still around though for some things, right? But that used to be a huge industry.
You wanted to book a trip to Hawaii, you went to a travel agency who booked it for you because your computer couldn't get onto Delta's site to book whatever flight you wanted.
So, anyway. I'll be interested to see if GameStop tries to do any damage control on this, but I've already seen a lot of-
I don't think that they will at this point.
A lot of people on social media are kind of like, well fuck if I ever shop-
You can't say no, that's not true. I just won't say anything. People will forget.
A lot of people I've seen at GameStop, or excuse me, on social media are like, well fuck if I ever shop at GameStop again and I can't help but think, you just now are going to start to be-
I still purchase the power-up card because occasionally I will buy something to use and it does end up saving me money.
It's only 15 bucks a year, I don't really care about that.
And I used to like the magazine, but now even their magazine that comes in the mail, I kind of like skim through it like five seconds and then throw it away.
I mean, it's just, it's like oh goody, reviews for games I've already read the reviews for several weeks ago. It's not interesting anymore.
So, I don't know. Even the value of that's kind of going away.
Alright, we're going to get to the Skype line here real soon. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
But first, we need to pep up the mood here a little bit on Bad News Sunday.
You know what we're going to need to do, Loki? We need to do some nudity.
That's just going to have to happen. We need some nudity to pep us up and end on a happy note.
Yes. So, for Valentine's Day-
Not from us!
Thank God!
In gaming. Nudity in gaming.
So, for Valentine's Day, you can celebrate with Dead or Alive Xtreme 3.
They're going to have some brand new Valentine's Day garb, which really just consists of ribbons strategically placed on a woman's body.
And you can purchase that coming soon.
Yeah. Oh, and it'll be free. So, that's pretty awesome.
And then, of course, to go along with that, there is an exploit to see the women without their bathing suits on.
Yes. If you have a Playstation VR, and you happen to be doing the photo mode that they have in there, and you dip your head under the water, the suits won't render.
But thankfully, they didn't spend the time to draw genitalia in, so you can-
It's just the bottom part.
You can just see, you know-
So, it's Barbie doll bottom.
You can see butt crack.
Yeah, you can see Barbie stuff.
So, they didn't render it because they didn't want something happening like what happened to the Elder Scrolls.
They knew. Okay, listen. They know better. They're like, okay, listen. We put genitals on there. People are going to take that shit off.
Alright. Well, now, here's the thing. Now, usually Dark Sakura, wouldn't you follow up a story like this by saying, now, where are the Dongs?
Where's my Dead or Alive Xtreme that has the Dongs?
I don't care.
Alright, well-
Because there's no guys in the game except for Teletubby.
Pretend to care for me for a minute because-
Okay, I'll care for five seconds.
There's a brand new game out there called Conan Exiles.
What?
And you've probably never heard of Conan Exiles.
No.
Is it like Conan the Barbarian?
Yes, it is. It's that same type of thing. And here's the thing. A lot of people hadn't heard of Conan Exiles until word got out via early access marketing and so forth.
For some reason, the PR team failed to mention that when you customize your character in Conan Exile, you get to customize the genitals. That's right.
And they're crucified.
Yes, in the opening of the game or whatever. There is actually a slider bar for endowment. So you can play-
This is the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Dark Sakura looks like she just woke up, I was going to say on Christmas, but on Hanukkah to find an endowment slider under the menorah.
I truly do not care about dick that much.
I know, I know.
But it's just funny because it's like, little, big, little, big, porn, little.
Now it's like, oh, now everybody else can, you know, experience what's happened with the booby slider for years.
Pornstar.
Now to be fair, also, Conan does let you play as a female character and you are able to-
Give her a huge clit?
Besides the- I hadn't investigated that, Dark Sakura. I don't know if you can-
You've heard Large Penis as well?
I have no idea.
Can we make an intersex character? That would be cool.
You know what? Fucking email Funcom because I didn't ask these questions.
But you do have a breast slider on the women that you can have big boobies or little boobies or whatever you desire.
Here's the interesting thing about it.
That's why the guy does balls bounce.
You know, there's GIFs on this thing and it's hilarious.
So look, Dark Sakura hadn't heard about this fucking game, probably wouldn't have given two shits about it.
I'm going to play this shit now.
See? This is what- look at what's fucking happening.
All of a sudden, there's penis in a video game and everybody's like,
What? Penis?
And it's like- I shit you not.
It's the like fourth most popular game on Twitch right now.
Everybody's streaming penis.
It's so funny because the-
Are you not supposed to be doing that? Don't they have rules against it?
Or hilarious.
I think Twitch-
But it's not real penis.
Twitch does have some rule against it.
Like it can't be the focus, but like if it happens to be in the game, they kind of can't- like-
Oh my god, he even gave him the butthole.
Loki, if that were the hard fast rule on Twitch, I wouldn't be able to stream God of War because there's naked ladies in that.
So they have to kind of be like, well, as long as it's not the focus of the game, but it's certainly the focus of half the streamers out there right now.
I have to put this in the chat room.
I'm sure a lot of chatters are probably signing onto Twitch right now to check it out if they haven't already seen it.
These are the gifts.
And as a reminder, we're focused on the boys right now, but it does have women in it as well.
Caution, dong.
If you want to run around with your, you know, tatas and the whole South America hanging out, that's fine.
Rust kind of did that, but except being able to adjust the size of that, you know, they just did it randomly.
And also I think they randomly signed your gender as well.
And then, of course, let's not forget that Saints Row has this available as well, except they don't actually have, you know, genitals being rendered.
It's just kind of a bulge that you have in there.
I agree with, with, come on, Noel.
Whatever.
Come on, Noel Gus.
I desire a happy trail slider.
I wonder if you can control their hair.
I don't know if you can do body hair.
You could go on full on bear if you wanted, I don't know.
I haven't studied.
Now here's the amazing thing. You have all these stories floating around out there about Conan Exile's dog slider.
Still couldn't tell you how the game plays.
What kind of game is it? I don't know.
The game where you jump up and down and watch a penis bounce.
I, I think it's one of those like third person collect things and craft things in the new world.
Why don't we just do like, I mean, come on.
I mean, Dead or Alive is kind of going that way anyways with Dead or Alive Xtreme.
Let's just do another Dead or Alive Xtreme 4.
Just full nudity, full rendered everything.
Have guys and women there.
Done.
They're porn games.
We're, we're good.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I hear it's a survival game.
So great.
This is what happens when you put buttholes in Minecraft.
I, I had to put those two gifs in chat because they're just so funny.
And then people are going to be trying to like swing their penis using the physics of the game into someone else's butthole and shit like that.
Is it multiplayer?
It is. Obviously, if it's a survival game, it's got to be multiplayer.
I guess, I guess it's got to be, right?
I don't know. It's in early access right now.
At least it wasn't like that one game that had the dicks with the butts on them.
Cock jousting or whatever it was.
Yeah, it was like a penis jousting.
General jousting.
General jousting. Yeah, that was the whole thing.
Did you ever see that one Dark Soccer?
Yes, I did.
I swear you were here when it came up on the show, yeah.
Yes.
Anyway, there you go.
Tigerclaw says, on Steam, an open world survival game set in the brutal lands of Conan the Barbarian.
Survive in a hostile world, build your kingdom, and dominate your enemies in both single and multiplayer.
There it is.
Coming soon.
Multidongs.
You can give us a call if you want to talk about DONGs, or Vijay, or maybe something else going on in gaming this week would be great too.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, or if you want to do it the old fashioned way, you can do it there too.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Real quick though before I go to the phone, any last minute stories you want to throw in here?
Yeah, I was going to mention, there's one I missed.
Nintendo is sold at 1.5 million NES Classic Editions, and they are still apologizing for shortages.
Yeah, because I still can't get one. What the hell, man?
That's lame.
And then also, some weird person is lining up already at the Nintendo World Store in New York for the Nintendo Switch.
Can we, like, I understand that people are fanboys about this shit, but can we, like, please draw the line somewhere where lining up a month before it comes out is a little fucking stupid?
I mean, come on. I get it. You want to be first in line.
But that's fucking dumb.
That's like, oh, I'm going to go line up for Half-Life right now.
At what point do you become a line wayer to, like, homeless?
How is that person getting money? I mean, if they saved the monies, they could take a month off to do it. Good on them.
How are they staying in line for that long? Because if they're the only one in line, because there's not people who are going to be crazy enough to do that, then who's watching their spot when they have to go to the bathroom or eat or something?
Or just pissing on the street, I guess.
Are there two of them in line right now?
I think it's him and Triforce.
So they probably are looking out for each other.
Probably one of those.
Still stupid.
And Stoppy says he's a pro YouTuber. That's where the money's coming from. Watching him on YouTube.
Oh, good.
How about that?
Well, I did find something neat today, and I don't want to give Walmart any business, but I had to get it there because it's the only place that has them. Our little LCD monitor arcade games.
I kind of want one now that you showed me.
They're 20 bucks.
I'm kind of fucking pissed off you showed me those.
I almost asked you if you wanted me to grab you one.
Kind of, yeah, but they're full games. With the screen, they're like yay big, which is great. Maybe a foot tall?
LCD screens are fucking cheap now. You can get one of those Atari Flashback consoles, but it's actually a portable gaming thing that looks like a Lynx or something, I don't know.
Something like that.
But even smaller. Maybe like a Game Boy Mini. You can get one of those that's an Atari Flashback for like 50 bucks.
Like, LCD screens, I guess technology's getting really cheap.
It's supposed to be like a four-part thing, and we got the ones that we were really interested in. We wanted the Qbert, so we got Qbert, although I think it's one of the home-immulated versions or something like that.
And Centipede, although I agree with Dan, it's kind of lame. It doesn't have a trackball on it instead. If it had a trackball, it would have been perfect.
But I mean, it's got the cabinet art and everything. They're just really cool little things.
I kind of want one.
Well, I'll tell you-
Alan's gonna be mad when I bring more shit in this house.
I'll tell you the one fucking Walmart in town I found a mat, and they only had one of each left when I left.
And that was the one up South What?
Oh, the what? The Middle of Nowhere one?
The new one, yeah.
The one that's like in- I don't know why they built a Walmart there, because there's nothing out there.
There's like some neighborhoods over there.
Crazy. I wonder, you could probably still go into Walmart.com-
No, you can't order them online.
You can't do the whole pick up and store? That whole thing?
They don't let you order them online.
What?
That's ridiculous.
I'm heading back up that way if you want me to grab you a couple.
Yeah, maybe, maybe. I might have to think about that.
Alright, let's get to the calls, though, over at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
We do have a call coming in. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Rayginator.
Hey, Rayginator. How you doing?
Pretty good. Just having a little fun trolling on Twitter right now.
What are you trolling on Twitter, Rayginator?
The so-called president.
Or as I like to call him, the Oompa Loompa and crazy.
Is this what's happening in 2017? It's like BRB, I gotta go cyberbully the president.
Okay, wait. There's a whole actual movement behind it because he's such a narcissist and so self-centered
that the whole point is to completely destabilize him until he's forced to resign
or has an episode that makes him, oh crap, what was it? It was for invoking the 25th Amendment.
Fascinating. This year's harvest will be quite bountiful. Anyway, what's on your mind, Rayginator?
Well, I was thinking, sorry to get a little tongue-tied.
One thing I've been wondering is has there been any games that you bought over God knows how long
before you bought it, you think, oh yeah, this game is going to be great.
You go out, buy it, and then as soon as you get it home and play it, you think, oh my God, what the hell,
dad, waste my money on this. This is a total piece of shit.
Yes. There's a game, and the first thing that jumps to mind, and I was so mad about this,
there was a game on the Xbox 360 called Fusion Frenzy 2.
And the original Fusion Frenzy was an okay game, which was kind of like a rip-off of Mario Party of sorts,
but you know, hey, I'm all for Mario Party clones. That one on the 360 was such hot fucking garbage,
I was actually angry that I bought it. I was like, why did I give this company my money? I was mad.
So that would be me. What about you guys? Have you ever made a purchase, you get home, you play it,
and you're like, I am mad. I rented a game once. It's not the same thing. But it was so bad.
You wanted your $3 rental back. No, get this. We took it back to Blockbuster.
And we said, this game is bad. It was like WCW, Thunder, WWF, Thunder, some wrestling game.
Dan and I were really into wrestling games. And we took it back. Were? Well, were, yeah.
I'm not so much into them. But we took the game back and said, this was really, really bad.
Can we get something different? And so they're like, okay. And that works?
Wow. Okay. All right. Cool.
Yeah. Unfortunately, Jamie just triggered a really bad memory of mine.
Unfortunately, I was stupid enough to get that Thunder game used from Blockbuster.
Regretted it to this day. And I also picked up more combat on the Super Nintendo.
That wasn't as bad as Thunder, but still pretty damn bad, though.
I mean, it was basically bleached or sanitized.
They took all the fun out of Mortal Kombat when they released it on the Super Nintendo.
So, Super Nintendo Mortal Kombat with the sweat, you just weren't having it.
Exactly. At least in the arcade, what differentiated Mortal Kombat from, say, well, the biggest competitor at the time was Street Fighter.
Mortal Kombat was supposed to be over top, really gory, with all the fatalities and the blood and all that.
Decapitation is why people played Mortal Kombat. Having grown up in that era,
and I remember distinctly going to a place like Nickel Mania, the all-nickel arcade,
and playing things like Street Fighter II and Mortal Kombat, that was the reason why people played Mortal Kombat.
They wanted to do the fatalities. And it was cool or funny or whatever.
They got more cartoony in part two, so it started to kind of get borderline camp.
So it's like Street Fighter was kind of like your serious fighting game, and then Mortal Kombat was kind of your camp.
And I realize that there's some hardcore Mortal Kombat fans that probably wouldn't appreciate me calling me that,
but honestly, it was part of the reason of its success in the beginning.
And I think it was supposed to be camp. Look at a character like Johnny Cage and tell me that's not fucking camp.
I wouldn't necessarily say it was campy.
Now, I think my more... Now, this is just my interpretation, but I think Mortal Kombat set out to be, for lack of a better term, edgy.
I kind of equate it to those 70s-style pulp action movies, the gory ones, stuff like that.
They kind of went for the edgy, the shocking value, because as far as I know, unless I'm wrong here,
Mortal Kombat was one of the first games that had the over-the-top gore and blood and all that.
Well, it had the graphics to be able to really do something like that, because technically, okay, maybe it wasn't like over-the-top gore,
but there were Atari 2600 games that were very controversial because of the crazy over-the-top stuff that they were showing.
Custer's Revenge?
Yeah, of course, things like that. Beat Em and Eat Em and things like that.
So, of course, I still say to this day, video games are art, and wherever there is art, people are going to push art to offensive territories,
such as what you saw in those Atari 2600 games, because especially a game like Custer's Revenge is kind of pretty fucking offensive if you think about it.
And I think Mortal Kombat, in a way, was art that was intended to shock and offend, with the whole decapitations and the over-the-top fatalities.
Like a good old John Waters movie where Divine eats poop at the end of it.
That was set up to shock and offend and get people to talk about it and have other people pay money to go see the movie, because they couldn't believe that it actually happened.
So, I mean, Mortal Kombat just had the luxury, or whatever you want to call it, of they had the photorealism was coming out around that time.
The whole capturing the sprite from photos, that was kind of a thing that was catching on more and more, and so they were able to make a photorealistic type of camp game like that, and that's where Mortal Kombat was really one of the first.
But there were certainly other camp around the same time. Night Trap would be another great example of controversial camp that was definitely put out there to just be shocking and sell that way.
Let me ask this though, Loki. I didn't want to skip you. Was there ever a game that you bought or anything that was so fucking bad you were mad about it?
I can't think of anything. I'm usually pretty careful about what I bought. I can't think of anything that I was really angry about.
DungeonBuster in chat says, to me, at the time, Mortal Kombat seemed like an extreme version of Pit Fighter. It seemed like a playable version of Pit Fighter. Pit Fighter was a real garbage game, in my opinion.
I mean, Pit Fighter was just one of those things where it was, oh cool, it's photorealistic things, but that's about where it ends, because Pit Fighter is kind of a garbage game, in my opinion. Especially the Super Nintendo version. Jesus.
The thing is, going way back in the day, when my parents were in bowling leagues and they dragged my siblings and I along, just rolling around the place while they bowled, the bowling alley did have a Pit Fighter game there for a while.
And while it wasn't necessarily my favorite game, it was kind of sort of playable, but it was at least interesting for its time, but like you said, the Super Nintendo version was horrible though.
If you had to play Pit Fighter, if only for its place in gaming history, just go with the arcade version. Skip the Super Nintendo.
Alright, well, Ray Jainer, I'm going to let you go to try to get some more calls, but thank you for the question.
Yep, sure, have a good one.
See ya, bye bye.
Alright, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype if you want to try and get through here before we wrap things up.
Let's see, DungeonBuster in chat says, Pit Fighter was so clunky. Yeah, that was a big problem with it. It was so clunky, it was like unplayable.
Like sometimes, god, bad control schemes. Haven't you ever played a game where you're like, did they even bother to play this themselves to see if this was any fun at all?
Like, did anyone actually play this to see if it was a good game? Because if anybody had actually played this, they would have seen, this is garbage.
Bomberman Act Zero, there's another great example.
How did that pass QA? I don't know.
It just didn't care. It didn't have bugs in it, let's put it out.
Clearly. Well, I don't know if it did.
That's a story for Flocko, I would think. Did he work around that time?
No, I don't think so. I don't think any of them were there at that time.
Not any of our pals.
Alright, I'm gonna do one last call for calls. OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype.
Oop, I do see it lighting up, so let's get to it.
We'll get another call in right now. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, it's Stoppy, how are you guys doing?
Hey good, Stoppy, what's up buddy?
Not much, not much. I went to PAX South last weekend, I tried out the Switch.
Oh my gosh, I wanna hear all about it.
So, well first off, before we get to the Switch, how is PAX South?
I've been harsh on PAX ever since my last one that I went to, but what was your take on PAX?
I loved it. I've been to the past two ones, so basically all the ones at PAX South.
I also went to PAX East like a few years ago.
But yeah, I just have more fun every time I go.
Just as long as you stick to the indie booths, then it's really good.
But otherwise you could stay in line for a really long time if you're trying to chase the AAA stuff.
But yeah, panels are good too.
So you did though chase down the Switch, because that's what you wanna talk about.
I did.
How long did you wait for that?
I got there on Friday, because I figured Friday was the best day to get the shortest line, so I got there early.
The doors opened at 10, and I got there at 8 so that I could wait in line.
But even getting there at 8, I did not get into the first line, the first queue.
So I was in the second one, and once they let the first queue go, they all just b-lined to the Switch.
And same with the second that I was in.
But yeah, once I got there, I just got into whatever line I could find.
And I ended up waiting almost 3 hours to play the Switch.
Wow. Yeah, see.
Wow. Okay, so you made the wait, and how was the Switch?
What did you play, and how did that experience go?
The line that I ended up in, again, I just got into whichever line I could.
Just like, okay, I just gotta get in now before it gets longer.
The line that I got into was Breath of the Wild, so that's the one that I played.
And they had a line for Breath of the Wild, and then another one for a little lounge where you got to try all the other games.
And I didn't get a chance to do that one, though.
Okay, but how was Breath of the Wild? So how was your experience with the Switch?
It was really good. I do think that it's going to be a success.
And Breath of the Wild, it was a good game. I'm not a big Zelda fan, though.
So that's kind of a good thing and a bad thing, because I guess you could take it from a non-Zelda fan that I really liked it.
So that should be a really good recommendation for Breath of the Wild, because I usually don't play Zelda games.
But this one was really, really good, so that is going to be a killer app for the Switch, I guarantee you.
It's just a really, really good game to pick up and play.
It kind of reminded me of Ico and Shadow of the Colossus, in the way that you move the character.
It didn't feel like past Zeldas, at least from the little bits of Zeldas that I've played in the past.
Now, were you playing it on the Switch as a portable system, or were you playing with a pro controller on the TV? How did that work?
Both. Because when you got to the Switch booth, well, when they put you on your console, it was already docked.
Then it had the little Joy-Cons and the grip thing. So I played it initially right there hooked up to the TV.
And then halfway through the demo, the guy working the booth, he goes up to you and he's like,
Hey, if you want to, you can take it out and then put it in portable mode. So I tried it both ways.
And I have to say that I agree 100% with you that it is intended to be a portable device.
When it was hooked up to the TV, I'm not a big graphics snob, I like playing older games.
But I could tell that there was a lot of pixelation around the characters. Very, very noticeable.
So that's going to be a problem with it, I think. It's just not meant to display on a 1080p TV.
So you could tell that there's a lot of pixelation going. Also, the textures for rocks and grass and that sort of thing,
it can be pretty muddy even if you're up close to it. It's still like a very muddy texture.
So I don't know, I'm the type that I don't really like the textures on 3DS. So maybe some Nintendo fans aren't going to mind it.
But for me it was very noticeable and it just took out like a sore thumb.
But when you're in portable mode, it seems that it's more tuned up to the portable screen.
Because on the portable screen it was very impressive. It was just amazing. The screen quality was great on the portable.
Very interesting. I like the affirmation that I might be on to something with my whole thinking as a portable system.
How do those controllers feel? Because they look a little small, but did it feel good playing with the Joy-Cons?
They're smaller than you think they are. When you get it, you're going to be really freaked out that they're just so small.
You can basically pick it up with one hand and it will just fit within your five fingers.
Well, it's not the size, it's how you use it.
Exactly, exactly. One of the things I was concerned with was that I didn't like that the controls...
Nintendo is the only one doing it with the controls that are parallel.
Where you have an analog stick sitting right underneath the face buttons.
So that's something that really concerned me because that's not how thumbs work.
It's not going to feel right when you're controlling it.
But I was pleasantly surprised. It actually feels really good.
I was worried that if you press B that it's going to press the right analog stick, but it didn't do that at all.
It seems that, at least when I was holding it, when I was pressing B, it seems that that little nook in your thumb,
like when you have your thumb kind of arched, that's kind of like where the analog stick falls under.
So it's kind of weird to explain it, but it doesn't get in the way the way that they've designed it.
I don't know if that was intentional or if people with bigger hands, bigger fingers are going to have a problem with that.
But for me it just felt comfortable, so that was very reassuring.
But the D-pad is terrible. It's awful, just like we suspected it would be.
So that's going to be a problem, but the way that I see it, we're kind of in a post-D-pad world.
There's not a lot of games that strictly use the D-pad, so I don't think it's going to hold down the hardware.
But it is something that if you have a retro game or a game on the eShop or whatever virtual console,
you're not going to want to play it with a Switch controller, at least not the one that comes out of the box with it.
Yeah, that's right. They've had that with the one that they've shown already in the patent stuff,
where it's going to have an actual classic D-pad on it.
Exactly, exactly.
It's a separate thing for 40 bucks.
Oh, boy. Or the $70 Joy-Con or something like that. I'm sorry, not Joy-Con, Pro Controller.
Definitely, definitely.
Oh, boy. All right, well, anything else from PAX South we should know about? Thank you, though, for the rundown on the Switch.
I'm looking forward to getting one in my hands, even if it is a little small. I can't wait to work with it.
Yeah, I think you're going to like it, and I think Lucky did make a mistake when he canceled his pre-order.
It's going to be big, and like I said, Zelda is going to be a killer app, so it convinced me, and I'm not a Zelda fan.
I think he's going to regret that cancellation right there.
Yeah, but do you have a Wii U?
Another thing for Lucky, a PSVR. Try out a game that's going to come out called Static. It is amazing.
I tried that over at PAX South, too, and it's absolutely amazing.
I'll have to check it out. Do you have a Wii U?
No, I don't. I'm not a big fan of Nintendo hardware. I'm not even going to get the Switch at launch,
so I'm really going to wait for another iteration of the console, because, like you said, with the D-pad,
I just don't think that it's the best iteration of the hardware right now, and as I see it,
every portable Nintendo console that succeeded has always had a second iteration that was better,
so I'm just waiting for that instead.
Okay.
All right. Well, Stoppy, thank you so much for the rundown on PAX South. I appreciate it, and we'll check in with you again
once you do pick up a Switch and get converted to Zelda fandom.
Of course. All right, catch you later. Thanks.
Take care. Yep. Bye.
All right. What to do? I didn't see anybody else trying to ring through the line,
but I will keep it open for just a hot minute at Orange Launch Radio on Skype if you want to give us a call.
Loki, do you think you will end up regretting that?
No, I'm not going to regret it, because there's nothing out except for Zelda at launch.
Like I said, I can't justify buying a system for $400 for one game that I have a system already
that I can play that game on, so I will pick it up when it comes out on the Wii U.
So, I don't know. I'm checking out this really cool animated gif right now of someone playing a version of Portal on HoloLens in Augmented Reality.
Oh, cool. I liked HoloLens.
That looks fucking sweet. I know it's like a little...
It's like you're playing it in the real world, so they're launching portals against walls in their own house,
or like office building. It looks like it's an office building, and throwing a companion cube through it, and it's interacting with the environment.
Okay, that's pretty rad. That's pretty rad.
I liked the time I got to spend with HoloLens when Bobby brought his dev thingy over to DragonCon.
I'll swing this around.
I'd like to see what it's going to look like a year later, for sure.
Okay, so this is a little bit of what it looks like.
Oh, that's really cool. Oh, you can actually just put the portals anywhere in the room.
It must be one of those things that must scan the room to look for the walls and all that stuff first.
That's really cool. I like that.
Yeah, because this is a radio show.
I'll post it in chat.
You guys can't see it, even for those listening on the podcast feed, because with the football game today, I'm sure a lot of people are listening on the podcast feed.
It's like they are putting the portals on actual walls in this stairwell, in this living room, and so forth, which is what the HoloLens kind of does.
It scans the room and turns the room into a playground or something like that.
Anyhow, that's it. No other calls are coming in on Skype, so I think we are going to wrap it up tonight.
Things have been a little bit quieter around here with the football game going on, so that's it.
I think we're going to wrap up right there.
Let's go around, and first, let me thank everybody for being here, tuning in live over at Orange Lounge Radio.
If you like what you heard here at the show, please leave us a nice five-star review on iTunes or wherever you found this show.
That goes a long way.
Tell a friend or two about the show, because word of mouth is all we got.
We don't have a big million-dollar website behind us or anything like that, so we really appreciate all the kind referrals and so forth.
Otherwise, I think we're about done, so let's get to everybody's final thought.
Loki, we'll start with you, your final thought tonight.
The next six weeks are going to be pretty exciting. Can't talk about it, though, but it's going to be exciting.
You're just going to talk about it in vague terms.
I haven't yet signed an NDA, but I'm going to have to soon, so once I actually start working on stuff, but it'll be exciting.
And fortunately, I can't really talk about it, because that also unveils what my actual profession is.
Don't forget, Palmer Luck, he just had to pay $500 million for that whole thing.
Okay, well that's not compete stuff.
That has nothing to do with it, but yeah.
Alright, alright, alright.
Dark Saga, your final thought tonight.
Resist.
And my final thought tonight is, now I'm thinking about arcade cabinets in this house.
Not even just the $20 things that Dark Saga was talking about, but I know there's that.
There is an arcade cabinet.
And that's really cool, don't get me wrong, but I'm talking about a full-on burger time machine or something.
I don't have many regrets in life, but letting that burger time machine go when I saw it at the auction, it's one of my few regrets in life.
We might have a line on another baby Pac-Man.
Really? Wait, do you have a baby Pac-Man already?
No.
We're trying to get one. I'm hoping, but they're kind of pricey.
Fingers crossed. Toes crossed, too.
That's it. Have a good night. We will see you next time in seven days to talk about next week's news. Until then, bye.
See you next week.
See you next week.
