This week, Harmonix officially announces its next release, DropMix, allows anyone to bring out their inner mashup artist and create the amalgamation they always wanted. This is just one of tonight's stories, so stay tuned for so much more, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 679 of our show for this March the 12th of 2017.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you live from Studio N7 in Sacramento, California, where we're live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. I hope you all made it back here with the time change.
I also hate that whole losing an hour of sleep with daylight savings time as much as the rest of you do, but I'm not going to lie, the hour of daylight is nice. It is still light in the OLR studio.
I've just taken one hour of your life. How does it feel?
Surprisingly, Dark Sakura has not turned to ash with all the daylight in the studio.
You want to know what's funny? I even drove with the windows down and the sun blaring on my freshly washed purple hair and listening to Lady Gaga. I still have perfect illusion in my head because I was singing with it.
Sure, sure. Get on with your bad self.
With what voice I have because I actually have enough voice to attempt to sing today.
I know you're still kind of plagueish, but you sound just fine. You sound recovered even though I know you're still having treatment for that sinus infection from hell or whatever it is you've been going through.
I still hurt, but I'm feeling remarkably better. My voice just wears out still quickly, so I've been preserving my voice, drinking warm things, and apparently I have a legit Stroopwafel, which I freaking love legit Stroopwafels.
Yes, our guest tonight actually brought Stroopwafel to the show, and this is hilarious. So I was talking about it on Twitter, and I got followed by the official, or I don't know if it's official or whatever, it's some redistributor of all these Stroopwafel products.
I mean, they're overseas, so it costs an arm and a leg to actually have them sent over here. But yeah, it's just funny, which by the way, we're going to get to an email.
We're going to get to an email tonight that may blow your mind. We may have been saying Stroopwafel wrong this whole time.
Stroopwafel?
Yeah, we're going to get to that later in the email segment, so we'll get to that later.
But it's Stroopwafel.
We'll see, we'll see. I'll leave you with that teaser. Anyway, this episode of OLR is brought to you by The Dark. Also, we're sitting in the dark tonight. We don't have our usual light on because it's kind of warm in here.
It's 76 degrees outside.
Yeah. When did summer show up? Like we went from like three weeks of nonstop rain where I thought we would have to build an arc in order to do OLR and then suddenly it's like, hi, summer showed up.
So anyway, but global warming, not a thing. Just so you know, Dark Sakura. Anyway.
I will say this.
What? Then I got to introduce the other guy.
And eating the Stroopwafel. Sweet things still taste like soap to me. However, the aftertaste is delicious Stroopwafel.
There you go.
So I am quite pleased that yes, I do have a very large amount of dove taste in my mouth and not the delicious pigeon type bird that people would eat in the Victorian era when they were poor.
But it is delicious and the texture is amazing. I love Stroopwafel.
I'm being yelled at by chatters. Hi, chat over in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Again, Sunday nights live after Bobby Blackwolf at the Voicegeeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Rama in chat says, fuck your summer weather. We got a nor'easter blowing down my door. Yeah, I heard. Meanwhile, while we're trying to deal with the heat, like they're saying like 18 inches of snow, which I guess is a lot.
I mean, like you just put flakes here in California and works and schools close everywhere. But 18 inches of snow, I guess in the middle of, I hope I'm getting that right, in the middle of New York.
Which sounds right, though, because I remember a couple years ago was when I went to PAX East, right? And PAX East was this weekend, right?
And there was still like Boston was having their hell snowmageddon thing going on, which is probably every year. But this was like bigger than most the last time I was at PAX East. So this still this still sounds right to me. Anyway.
In mobile, yeah, one year. I mean, it will snow like every so often, like an inch. But people treat it like it's a freaking hurricane. Actually, they treat it worse than it's a hurricane. You can find no bread in the store. You have to live on hot dog buns.
All right. Well, look here to rock you like a hurricane. Say hello to Techmaster Loki. Hello. Hi, Loki. How are you? I'm fine. Yeah, good. Good. You didn't bring food to the show tonight. I was shocked. I was like, what's going on here?
That's because I diet. No, I know I was making Irish stew. So I had just finished cooking at about five. So I just didn't have time to like I was cooking it for a while. So I was like, I'm just gonna cook.
Yeah, I do that all the time. Nice. I Irish stew. Does that mean lots of bacon and Guinness and Irish stew? It's just potatoes and carrots. And you can put Guinness in the. No, no, no.
When I made it, we did Guinness in the broth. He probably wants his kid. I mean, I guess alcohol cooks out, but he still probably wants. No, it's not like a beer broths, you know, stew or anything. That's just straight up, you know, onions, carrots.
And I usually put like celery in there as well. And garlic, even though it doesn't call for garlic crock pot, you got to get one more crock pot meal in before winter's officially over. Basically, it was a crock pot on the stove.
So did that. And then, of course, on top of that, we recommend it is that you also make an a herb butter that you can pour over the potatoes. So I poured that over. It was fucking. You should you should have a cooking show on YouTube.
I think you would know, I would think people out there would not guess that Loki like cooks like this. And you would I think you do very well with the cooking show recipes.
Except I didn't measure anything. Cooking with Loki. It's not that hard. It's not just follow the recipes. God. That would be the show is that Loki is having to supervise someone else cooking and Loki just gets very angry like follow the recipe.
That would be a lot of fun.
You know that there is a channel that's cooking with Cooking Mama.
Really?
Yeah. And that's actually what gave me the inspiration that to make pizza because I watched him make pizza and it looked actually kind of good. So I made pizza.
Is that a is that a Twitch thing?
No, it's on YouTube.
OK, because I know Twitch has the whole cooking section now, too, or at least eating. If they have eating, they surely have cooking.
I think you should do. Well, I can make a channel based on that. That's easy.
There you go. There you go.
It'll be entitled like each episode. Special K again.
OK.
Some days I don't want to make anything.
I think you should do something like the walk with Jan where you have like an apron that's got a different like bacon pun on it.
But his raw like walk puns like walk on the wild side.
I like it. Do you remember that show?
It's long.
Jan can cook that one? Yeah, Jan can cook.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Maybe it was called something else, but it was like Martin Yan was his name.
Yeah, he's got a he had a few different shows on PBS. I only remember Yan can cook, but he had other ones.
He also had like a restaurant, I thought, or like a chain of restaurants or something.
I never saw more Food Network in my life than the years I lived with Loki.
I said my mom, the Martin Yan cookbook.
Of course, Food Network game works. You don't have cable, but you know.
Well, these are the pre Netflix days, too.
So, you know, it was Food Network and Chill.
It wasn't Netflix and Chill.
It was like Food Network can get hungry.
All right, I got to introduce our guest here tonight.
Oh, very, very familiar voice on the show.
It's been probably been at least a month or two since we've heard from him.
But welcome back to the show tonight, JD.
Hi.
Hi, JD. How are you doing?
I'm pretty good.
Yeah, good. Good to have you back. How are you doing?
Don't forget to get that microphone nice and close so we can hear you.
Otherwise, it's a struggle.
I'm doing pretty well.
I appreciate that.
Great. I'm glad you like him.
So JD actually didn't bring the Stroopwafel with him.
He had it shipped here from. Did you get it on Amazon?
I got it on Amazon.
So which is funny because that's not the first time in 2017 Stroopwafel has magically shown up at my doorstep.
Not that this is a trend I'm upset with at all.
I mean, like, you know, we don't beg for donations or T-shirt sales or anything like that here on OLR.
I mean, we really should, but we don't.
But if you want to pay us a Stroopwafel, I really can't complain.
So, I mean, cool. But so this box shows up on my doorstep, but it has my stage name on it because you all know Rob Roberts is my real name, but it's just the name I've had online for years and years.
So it has my stage name on it. And I'm like, okay, somebody sent something to the house that knows my address, but doesn't know my real name.
And so I opened it up and I, you know, first, you know, Alan's like, well, is it ticking?
No, it's not. So I went ahead and opened it up and I saw what it was, but there was no packing slip.
There was nothing in there besides the Stroopwafel to let me know who sent it.
I just forgot to mark it as a gift because I assumed that Amazon would say who it was from.
So no, it didn't. So I had to like write this tweet, like, well, thanks for whoever sent the Stroopwafel.
I have no idea who you are. And then when you showed up, you were like, oh yeah, it was me.
For all I know, you're just taking credit for it. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Well, I know you're a man of your wood.
I know you're a man of your wood. You have the receipts. Good, good.
So what's new with you?
Not a whole lot.
Any adventures to arcades lately? You told me, since it is a video game show, we should get off food and get on video games for a minute.
You've been traveling around to Bay Area arcades, right?
Yeah, so Dave and Buster's recently opened up, maybe like just in the next city south of me.
So I've been going there fairly regularly and they have the latest DDR version, Ace.
So I got myself an EMU's card and I've been tracking scores and it's been fun.
Yeah, but they don't really have any other music based games.
They have grand piano keys.
That's the ticket spinning game? I rule at that game. I love grand piano keys.
When they first set it up, it was right next to the DDR machine, so the two of them are almost competing because two music games next to each other is a problem sometimes.
But then they moved it the next time I was there and now it's a giant Pac-Man.
I feel like my whole life playing Beatmania type games prepared me to win a lot of tickets and grand piano keys.
If you haven't seen grand piano keys, you guys, it's this giant oversized piano that you would imagine a 7-year-old would just go crazy banging on the keys because it's like this gigantic keyboard.
And they do, and so forth. But you're supposed to follow the notes on the screen.
Well, you know what? It's also fun to be a 38-year-old banging on these gigantic keys.
It's really relaxing. You can go at your own tempo. The key to doing it is...
No, you gotta go fast. Gotta go fast.
Well, that's what I mean.
Do you want tickets?
You know, you have to read the notes and stuff, but it's not like a timing game like most of the music games that we play.
Akuma JP says, like, the big movie. No, but it's not one with your feet. See, when you think of big, you think of the one with your feet.
This one's more elevated, like you're sitting at a piano bench. It's a lovely concert you're going to and you sit at the piano bench.
But would you say that the keys are comically large?
Yeah, there's only four of them and it's huge.
Hilariously large.
So, yes. Yeah, there's only like four keys on the keyboard.
Four keys per player.
Oh, well that's just easy. You just need two doubles, right?
I know, right? Yeah.
Come on, I grew up on seven keys.
Four?
This thing dropped it down to four. This is for babies.
If they had a doubles, I would be playing it.
I know, they need the doubles mode. It'd be awesome.
Anyway, I'm glad to hear you're having fun still touring the arcades in the Bay Area.
I have to check out this Dave & Buster's that's new.
I always only knew the one in Milpitas as far as Bay Area is concerned.
And then they built the one here in Roseville, which is sad.
It's a sad Dave & Buster's. It's small.
You can go to the Dave & Buster's because it's in Daly City and then you can go to the Steak & Shake, which is almost next door.
Fuck yes, that's great. Steak & Shake is still a novelty to us here in California.
That Daly City one is the first one in California, right?
I haven't had Steak & Shake, but I like Steak and I like Shake.
It's all about the banana chocolate combo.
It's also, temper your expectations, it's not actual steak. It's a steak burger.
Steak burger, yeah. I'm fine with steak burger.
But they're good and they have amazing onion rings.
I go there for Chili Mac.
God, food with you people all the fucking time.
We gotta get into video games because that's what we're here to talk about.
Video games, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle every Sunday night live with you guys at vognetwork.com.
Kick off topic tonight, start things off.
I want to talk a little bit about a company that's been in the news a lot this week.
A lot. And this is something that's really been shifting gaming culture quite a bit over the years.
And that is Twitch.
I don't know if you guys realize, Twitch has been in the news a lot this week.
So last week we talked about the whole fact that they were going to start selling games.
That was a big shift for Twitch.
But it's also, it's totally logical.
And even though we kind of, I voiced my concern with the system is that only these larger streamers are getting rewarded.
The smaller streamers aren't.
I do still feel like there's time for Twitch to kind of hear all that and process that.
And we'll see what ultimately comes of that.
I'm not taking any of that as like the final word.
But then there was a lot more that came out on Twitch this week.
For example, I'm going to start with something a little more negative because this is really unfortunate.
But you guys may have heard of the marathon streamer who is streaming on Twitch who passed away in the middle of his stream.
He was 22 hours into his 24 hour charity stream and he passed away.
And I'm not here to joke or make light of that situation.
It's really awful.
But the unfortunate thing is the way we kind of obsess with media or what have you, this type of news information gains a lot of speed.
And it gets a lot of re-blogs and so forth that like, OMG this guy passed away while he was doing a marathon.
Well it kind of, it also kind of blows the situation out of proportion because my understanding is the guy had stepped away to have a cigarette.
And that's when he passed out and ultimately passed away.
And I apologize, I don't have the source in front of me, but I think it was heart related complications probably from staying up for so long.
And potentially, I don't know, but potentially having just pre-existing health things that maybe were coming into play here.
And I'm thinking if he stepped away to have a cigarette, he probably felt something was coming on.
So my point is, thank God it didn't happen on camera because people are sick and you know, but anyway.
So despite the fact that that's not such a good thing, it's a very bad thing.
It's gaining a lot of traction and clicks and people are realizing like wow, a lot of people watch this Twitch stuff that happens live.
And they are there to watch the unexpected moments.
Obviously that is not an unexpected moment you're tuning in for, but you know, just the, on a lighter note, the sillier things that happen, the unexpected moment.
Which, this didn't happen on Twitch per se, but a perfect example of something that very well could have happened on Twitch was that guy that was on the BBC or something doing a live interview.
And then his kid comes in through the door and you know, is like crashing the interview, right?
That video is everywhere this week, right? Because people like to see when things go wrong.
And that kind of stuff happens on Twitch like all the time, right?
That whole type of thing.
Anyway, this is causing Twitch to show up in the mass media, like NPR did a whole little feature on Twitch this week, you know.
And even though I think we as gamers and folks that consume gaming media on the regular, we're all very familiar with Twitch.
Well, let me ask this. How much do you watch Twitch or other, when I say Twitch, my umbrella that encompasses Beam, YouTube, Live, and the other stuff too.
How much do you do the streaming? Yes. How much do you watch that stuff? Dark Soccer, do you watch that stuff?
Not at all.
Really?
No, not really.
But you guys do YouTubes, don't you?
No, but I'm going to be starting it up. Dan and I are talking about basically just recording us arguing while playing games.
Well, people said they'd listen to it, so whatever. I've streamed though.
Yeah.
I'll pick a game that I'm like, okay, this game is WTF worthy. Like, I did the entirety of Hot to Full Boyfriend.
And now, yes, I dated Pigeons and played the final scenario.
Oh, I have all the achievements.
Took four hours. Oh my god, but it was great and fucked up.
I wanted a sequel.
Well, there's the other ones. There's Holiday Star, and then there's a couple others, which I have now, and I'm planning on doing Holiday Star next.
So I will stream, but sometimes it's kind of boring for me to watch other people's streams.
And I don't like to listen to people talk over games. It's just annoying to me. I would rather enjoy the game.
So I will look for long plays on YouTube instead.
Ah, okay.
Unless it's like, play along with me, and then they want your input.
And some people like having you talk to them. I guess that's okay.
When I stream, I talk and I interact with the listeners, but I'll tell you my pet peeve. This is what I don't do.
My pet peeve is reading dialogue boxes in silly voices.
Yeah, that's annoying.
But however, I'm not shading you if you do do that because I know other people that love that.
I know other people that love that.
I just, I don't.
I think Markiplier is annoying. He is, you know, maybe an okay person.
He's got a nice voice. I loved his Five Nights at Freddy's one because those were meant to be entertaining.
But I don't really like many of his other videos, and I don't find them really that funny.
I've only seen one video of his. I don't know the guy to be able to say anything positive or negative.
If he's doing charity streams, then that's positive.
Yeah, I'm okay with charity.
So, but like, the ones that I think are really entertaining are the ones that add something to the game.
You know, ones that are an interactive element but not overshadowing the game.
It's not necessarily about the player. You are a part of the experience.
And they are there to bring you into the experience in a way you wouldn't normally be.
So that is kind of where I am about those streams. I don't know if I'm the only person in this room that feels that way.
I don't really watch Twitch, although more recently I have been watching a little bit of it just because of my day job, which is ironic.
But I haven't even really watched too much of that.
Preferably, I normally watch stuff on YouTube, but not even live stuff. It's more rebroadcast.
The most you'll see me watching actual streams would be kind of like, Awesome Games Done Quick rebroadcasts, or the archives of those.
So I'll watch those occasionally, and I'll watch like, occasionally, I forget the guy's actual name, but he goes by CarlSagan42 on YouTube.
He does a lot of the very technical Mario Maker levels. He also speedruns Mario games and stuff like that.
So I don't remember the guy's actual name though. But I watch him. He's pretty entertaining. Although I haven't been watching him pretty lately.
But, I don't know.
I like those things too. When it adds to the experience of the game. Like, when they're explaining what they're doing in a speedrun, or like you're doing talking about the technical aspects of it.
Well it's great because he'll play through the levels, and then at the very end when he's like, he'll figure, like you're kind of watching with him and he's figuring it all out, then he'll just break the world record for it.
Because that's what he doesn't. Like he just speedruns the solely technical level and gets the world record for each one of them. Just kind of funny.
I guess I must watch much more of the livestream stuff than you do. I find, you know, I probably watch more of it at this point than I do Netflix, to be honest.
Like, you know, especially if I'm just kind of bored and hanging out on the couch, I'll fire up the Playstation 4. Especially if friends of mine are broadcasting. I'm ten times more likely to watch, like if a friend of mine is live, I'll just go tune into the stream.
Because it's kind of like you're hanging out with a friend long distance, right? That's kind of what this show is in a way.
I would love to do more streaming if it wasn't going to totally annoy my wife because, you know, I'd be talking and so it'd be interrupting whatever she's doing.
But if I had my own room that was soundproof that I could actually do that, then hell yeah I'd do that.
We need the Nelly commentary Twitch channel.
No we don't. Actually, I don't think we do.
Well, obviously I enjoy doing the livestreaming more and more, but I've been watching more and more too and I actually have been dipping in more and more often to strangers and people that I don't recognize.
Just because none of my friends are streaming and so I just want to watch somebody play Overwatch or something and maybe it's somebody, sometimes I even watch streams that aren't in English.
Like just to kind of hear the voiceovers and dubs in another language and just to hear and just kind of see competition around the world I think is really interesting to me.
So I've been watching more of it than I was probably a few years ago. In fact, I would think I probably was one of the people in the very beginning that was like,
who wants to watch somebody else play a video game? I'm sure you can probably go back to old OLRs and hear me saying that, but opinions evolve, they change.
As more and more people get in there and do things with it, you start to see the other sides of it at the end of the day.
So I think I came full circle and I really became a fan of the whole thing.
But it's just interesting how much more mainstream stuff that now Twitch is starting to get with, they have this whole NPR thing as well.
Sorry, I'm reading in chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Dungeonbuster in chat says it's hard though, not all streamers are as entertaining to me, but their gameplay can also be great background noise, especially if they're playing something obscure.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat, who you might remember, used to host a show called Friday Night Gaming that was, in a way, really ahead of its time because that show was playing live video games and doing the show over it, but this was before Twitch had really taken off.
I think Justin TV was still on, but Twitch hadn't really taken off yet.
So Blackwolf says, I got told that all the time, that's why Friday Night Gaming got cancelled. Nobody wanted to watch other people play video games on the internet on a Friday night.
The store didn't want anything to do with it, nobody wanted to be the one playing, and only a couple dozen people watched online.
So it's like it was one of those things where it was an idea ahead of its time, and I'm not sure what finally made that take off.
I don't know, I don't know if it just became, as Bobby you were kind of mentioning as you scrolled up, you only need a quarter of the software today than you needed back then.
Maybe the technology and the fact that it's so easy for anyone to do so that it can be instead of strange people that I don't know on the internet at all doing it, it's like my friends and people that I know from great distances are doing it, maybe that helped break down the walls.
Well yeah, and also the equipment, because before you used to have to have a capture card and all the software and a PC running set up to do all the streaming and everything, and now these consoles have it built in.
That's very true, some of them.
Well all the modern consoles do.
The Switch doesn't yet.
Like I said, all the modern consoles do.
But it's very easy to set up the Switch on streaming, I'm going to stream on the Nintendo Switch after tonight's show, so it's not impossible to do. Getting the Wii U set up was harder, honestly.
I have to completely derail us for a second.
Uh oh.
I went looking on eBay for a game that I wanted my collection, and I found something. I linked it to you. I linked it in the chat room.
What is this?
Who's got $79,000 handy?
$79,000? What is it? Is it a sealed copy of Stadium Events or something?
Uh, it might be included.
Okay, what is this? So on eBay, massive huge video game mega collection, 122 console systems, plus 3 coin ops. What the heck?
60 peripherals and 3 coin ops.
Somebody's cleaning house. Okay, but it's being sold out of Italy.
Yeah, but still.
That's going to be way too much shipping.
50 bucks. But still.
I mean, if you have $79,000, 50 bucks of shipping isn't going to make that much of a difference.
Jeez Louise.
Yeah, I figured that was worth a momentary derailment for. I maybe have half of that, and the other systems in there are a lot of European systems, too.
Boy, I wonder why somebody would completely gut their collection like that, or maybe it's a game store that's gone under.
Oh, there are multiples? It actually looks like it was a library. They have an XI there.
If you wanted to start some retro game store, though, here's all you need to get started.
It looks like a few special edition systems to Japanese Saturn and American Saturn. Yeah, there are multiple versions of the system, just different iterations of it.
Including a DDR second mix for Dreamcast, which I have.
You'd be set to stream for life if you bought this thing. But anyway, back to streaming for a minute.
No, that's okay. JD, what's your take on streaming? Do you participate with it?
I haven't really gotten into it. Mostly, I mean, I don't find myself with all that much free time sometimes, and usually I'm like, well, if I have time, I could be playing games or I could be watching them.
And I usually just fall on the side of playing them, because I have so many games in my backlog.
I guess I didn't realize I was the only one that was really participating in that stuff on the regular. Well, something might bring you guys into the fold soon enough. Who knows?
Anyway, something else that Twitch has launched somewhat recently is Twitch IRL, which the NPR article also got into was talking about how now people stream real life stuff on Twitch, which is hilarious.
Because, of course, those of us that were around when Justin.TV was around saw this go the other way, that Justin.TV was set up to be an IRL thing, that then the video game section really took off and Twitch kind of dominated the conversation.
They ended up essentially closing Justin.TV, although I know when they first launched IRL, they really tried to set out, here's the differences between the two, but come on, it's still kind of funny in a way to see the IRL lead to Twitch lead back to IRL.
I just thought that was interesting. Well, anyhow, there's still other news about Twitch and what's going on.
Twitch also streams IRL programs. Like, they had the Bob Ross thing not that long ago, right? And that was awesome. Did you guys not watch the Bob Ross thing?
I did not watch the Bob Ross, but it sounded awesome.
I used to watch Bob Ross when he was on PBS, so I've probably seen them all.
I watch Bob Ross on Netflix nowadays.
But it's something else to say, you know, like when Bob Ross is going, I'm going to beat the devil out of that brush, I'm just going to beat the devil out of that brush, to see the chat light up going, devil wrecked, RIP devil, devil get fucked, you know, all this stuff.
You know, because along the nice things that Bob Ross does.
Well, Twitch is going to be hosting, get this, a 17-day marathon of the Power Rangers. Is Shane out there from Ranger Pride?
Surely, and he watches more streaming than I do. I'm sure he's aware of this and Captain Spike over there at Ranger Pride, but they're going to be doing a 17-day marathon of the Power Rangers.
It's going to start on March 15th, run through the 30th, 23 seasons and 831 episodes of 19 different television series.
The whole thing, I think, is supposed to be a lead up into the movie, of course, which they're, aren't there like Krispy Kreme Power Rangers donuts at this point?
Like, they're really trying to get the marketing out there for the Power Rangers.
So the movie was already out.
The 24th is when the movie, there's like a new movie, are you aware?
Yeah, the new live action one, but I thought that came out back in January.
No, trailer did, but the movie's finally going to be here just a couple weeks, so that's a pretty big deal.
So yeah, that is something you can check out there. That's going to be on the Twitch Presents channel.
That's going to be part of Twitch's monthly subscription offering, but if you're an Amazon Prime person, which a lot of you are, you're going to just have that built in.
So, let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Bobby Blackwolf says,
The Bob Ross chat room was the only time I enjoyed watching Twitch chat just because I thought the spamming was hilarious.
Yeah, during that Bob Ross thing, it was hilarious. There is a lot of toxic stuff that happens sometimes in Twitch chat.
For example, chicken in chat says more like racist ranges.
But I gotta say, I was actually, I was just watching Twitch over the weekend, actually.
And I was watching a streamer I was not familiar with at all, and I don't even remember his name, but I know he was overseas because he had an accent, and he was playing Overwatch.
And somebody, I didn't watch, I wasn't watching the chat, but somebody I think was acting up in his chat and saying like nasty things.
But I thought it was really cool that this dude bro-ish guy shut it down.
Like he said, come on dude, that's not cool, don't say that kind of stuff or you can't hang out here.
I want this to be a positive place. And I was like, is this the internet that I know? Is this the Twitter view?
So, I have to applaud people on Twitch that don't put up with that shit.
And if you don't make a space for it and you let them know that that type of racist shit is not welcome here, then I think that's awesome that people are doing that.
And that just helps Twitch in the long run to get that bullshit out of their community, which is why a lot of people, not to get too off topic, but it's why a lot of people are still very frustrated with Twitter.
Because Twitter doesn't really take that same type of action against people that it probably needs to take action against.
I digress. Anyway, let's see. Dungeon Buster says, was it Flame Hopper? He's like a super positive streamer that plays H1Z1.
I honest to God don't remember the guy's name, but he was playing Overwatch and I think he plays Overwatch a lot.
I think that's like his bread and butter is that. Because he kept talking about how he usually streams competitive mode, but this particular day he wasn't.
He was streaming just quick plays. So, I thought that was really cool.
Anyway, so as if all that was enough, that's not the rest of the news. So, there's more stuff that Twitch was doing into this week.
So, Twitch is going to be launching, funny enough as I just said that Twitter can't seem to take a lot of the garbage out of it.
Twitch is going to launch a type of Twitter competitor. It's called Pulse. It's going to be a feed that updates photos, images, text from Twitch users.
Which essentially is going to be for people probably plugging their upcoming streams or maybe discussing gaming and so forth.
But it's going to be interesting to see how this IRL spin is going to be on it.
I don't think everybody is in Pulse yet. I think it's something they're slowly rolling out to people.
But it definitely seems like Twitch wants to go for some of that Facebook or Twitter money.
What do you guys think about Twitch trying to get into that whole social feed element?
How long before they duplicate Snapchat?
Yeah, how long before they duplicate, right? No, that's Facebook that keeps ripping off Snapchat at every angle.
Loki, do you think Twitch has an opportunity to take a bite out of Twitter and Facebook and all that?
They can definitely try.
Tigerclaw points out in chat, I believe Twitch has an automod thing to help moderate the chat. That is true.
You can choose how strong or soft you want that automod to be.
But you're right, I forgot about that. There is an automod system on there that is on, I think, a medium level by default.
So to get rid of the most garbage comments, but if you still want to have a little rough chat, you can have it.
Also, then there's Pulse, which we'll see what impact that has as it starts to roll out more.
And then, if you guys forgot, Twitch picked up Curse not that long ago.
Which, if you've played World of Warcraft in the past, you're probably aware of Curse because they did a lot of automods.
Darkstalker, do you use any of the Curse stuff to install your mods, or do you do it all by hand?
Yeah, I use Curse for all of my mods.
Well, I don't know if you know, but that's Twitch program now.
Yeah, I know.
So, coming out very soon, a rebranding of Curse, it's going to be...
They've already replaced the app.
Oh, have they replaced it with all their branding?
Yeah, they've already replaced it with all of the Twitch stuff, and honestly, it works far better than it did before.
Instead of having to pay for Curse Premium, it just works.
The official launch of the Twitch desktop app is going to be March 16th.
And so, now you hear this whole Twitch is trying to get into buying and selling the games directly.
Twitch is getting into trying to replace Facebook.
Twitch is already on the desktops of most World of Warcraft players, which is one of the biggest PC games out there.
You really start to see how Twitch is trying to get a lot more than just, come watch what we're doing.
Out of curiosity, Dark Soccer, since I haven't played WoW in a while, and Fallout SE 14 doesn't support add-ons, so Curse doesn't really use it,
does this Twitch app now try to encourage you to watch live feeds while you're on it too?
No.
Oh, interesting. I bet it will. It's going to be interesting if that's coming.
I just always keep up the add-on manager, so I never see it.
Interesting. Bobby Blackwolf in chat points out the Twitch desktop is going after Discord with that Apple.
It seems like everybody wants a piece of Slack right now.
Discord's freaking annoying.
Everybody wants a piece of that Slack right now. It's not just Discord, but it's Slack.
Google split Hangouts this week, right? Or they're going to be.
Hangouts is going to have their whole video component, but then their text component is basically going to be Google Slack.
Microsoft's got a Slack competitor they're working on as well. That's the whole new thing.
Slack is basically the IRC thing that you guys are participating with at live.vog.net.com.
Slack is just a modern version of IRC that has more support for when you paste in a link, it automatically shows you what the preview is.
You can insert photos in natively. It's a more modern version of IRC.
I'm in some ways kind of surprised. We here at VOG haven't tried to.
Well, actually, somebody asked me about that point blank once. Why haven't we tried to go to something like Slack?
A, that costs money. B, it's also harder to integrate. Something like Slack, you have to invite people to.
The nice thing about live.vog.net.com, it's built right into that page. You go, you sign in, you can use it.
If you misbehave, Bobby Banhammer Blackwolf will make sure you don't get to get in there again.
But it's built into the website very easy to get into. Where as Slack and Discord even, you kind of have to invite people.
Well, Discord has links.
But again, it's not really something that's built into websites, but I don't know.
With Slack, it's built with the workplace paradigm, so you have to trust everyone you invite. There's no abuse controls, so it can get out of hand a lot easier.
Yeah. Interesting. Bobby's perspective over at live.vog.net.com. Slack was started as the chat engine for an MMO.
The MMO died, but they learned the chat engine was marketable. Yeah. Or even IRC. I mean, do a lot of people still use IRC?
I think so. I think IRC is still popular with a lot of, especially more tech-savvy communities, I think are still kind of built in IRC.
What is our chat room running on?
No, I know, I know, but I'm outside of us.
Oh, well, we offer some things.
I've been using it since probably 2000 and, you know, off and on.
Yeah. I know, I know I used to use it a lot in college, but now it's really just vog stuff is really all I use it for.
I still keep up with my LiveJournal people on IRC.
Do you really? Yep.
I guess it's hard to let some things go, isn't it?
Because the LiveJournal, the fact that you're even still hanging with LiveJournal people says something because that website kind of...
Well, I mean, I don't use that site anymore, but the people are still around.
Yeah. And Tiger Claw in chat says, but it won't be long until we see vog on Curse or Discord.
No, no, no, I'm not saying anything like that is happening. I am saying that other people have asked me why we haven't gone that way.
And usually I'll just kind of, you know, that's not my department. Bobby does the tech stuff.
But no, but I also, I know very well the whole reason Slack wasn't going to work was the fact that we didn't want to have to invite people.
We wanted it to be an open door. That was a big barrier for the whole Slack thing.
So, I mean, I'm not going to say we're never going to go that direction, but there's going to have to be a compelling argument for us to fix something that's not broken.
Does that make sense? IRC and this whole thing, it's not broken.
So there has to be a compelling argument to evolve that, if that makes sense.
So anyway, yeah, I'm curious. Why do you dislike Discord, DarkSakura? I use it.
I hate it out of spite for all of those times I want to raid.
And it says, must have Discord. Fuck you. I don't want to talk to any of you people.
That's not Discord's problem. That's the community's problem.
And the fact that they rely on Discord for all of it.
I see. It's annoying. I don't want to be pigeonholed into it.
But all these people just, when I was playing, not even two years ago, it was Team Speaker Ventrilo. Just replace Discord with Team Speaker.
Why? Because it was easier. I liked it better. And I'm old fashioned.
No, the thing is, I just hate that it's become a requirement for so many things. Especially when my voice wasn't working.
Okay. No, I get that. So it's a different...
I hate the dependence on it.
Okay, so it's not the software you have a problem with. It's what a crutch it's become for some people, I suppose.
Yeah, exactly. And they only want it to be voice chat.
And I'm like, you can just as well type in the raid chat as you can in whatever their chat is.
Well, and without going too far down this alley, but I know this is an issue. Some girls don't like to get on voice chat.
Because, especially if it's strangers, some guys are trash when they hear a girl. Not all. Some become instant trash when they hear a girl get on the chat. Right? Am I right?
Yeah, but I'll tell you what is funny. We had a raid a couple weeks ago that was probably 70% women.
And this one guy just started being a shit and everyone just went off on him. It was like that lioness photo where they all attacked the lion. And then we booted him out.
So there's no room for that in my life.
Behave yourself, boys and girls. But everybody behave yourself.
The future is female.
Alright. Let's see. I'm looking in chat over at live.fognetwork.com.
Bonds006 says, DarkSakura, these kids and their newfangled chat programs. Back in my day, Yahoo chat was all you need.
I never used Yahoo chat.
Aim. Aim for life. AOL instant messenger.
ICQ.
What about just the fucking AOL chat rooms? Not even aim.
You know what's funny now is that when I went to what store? It was freaking 99 cent whatever store.
When you would go pay for something, the little register thing would go, uh oh. And I'm like, it's the ICQ sound. Oh my god, it's followed me.
Triggered by the past. I love it. Alright. Anyway, so yeah, I just wanted to kind of get into like, wow, Twitch has been in the press a lot lately and I want to talk a little bit about live streaming and what you guys all think of this.
What this could be for the future of, you know, because Twitch is a pretty big part of the gaming community.
And not, you know, I keep saying Twitch, Twitch, Twitch, Twitch. But we also know that YouTube clearly wants a piece of this.
You know, they've tried to launch their thing. And this whole Microsoft Beam is kind of a wild card right now, I think.
It depends how fast Microsoft kind of ramps that up. I'm very curious to see what they unveil at E3 that they might do with Beam.
Because Beam has the whole thing where you get rewarded for participating. You get the little sparks.
And usually that's just so you can play noises in other people's streams. Like, that's the only thing that people really thought to do with it yet. The, uh oh, you can play it in somebody's stream.
But I'm sure there's going to be other things before too long that Beam wants to do because they're more about, like, especially the interactive games.
They want to do more of that stuff too where it's like, it's not just dropping sounds, but you can actually control the game.
And like maybe for a thousand sparks you could drop an enemy into somebody playing Dark Souls on Beam.
So that is still kind of a wild card that's lurking. But that whole live stream thing is really like, I mean, even five years ago we were looking at the future of live streaming.
And I feel like in some ways it's only just beginning. Because this was all about the shift for the gamers to get into it.
But now you see the mainstream starting to get into it more and more too. It's going to be very interesting. Very interesting in the coming years.
Any other thoughts on Twitch before we get into our gaming weeks? Streaming and all? Alright.
Let's get into our gaming weeks. Every week we like to talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week to set the stage for where our gamer brains are at.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It's been mostly Breath of the Wild. Dan and I are doing kind of our co-playing thing.
Because I basically just spot a lot more things while he might be focused on something else.
So there's that. I've actually been playing a lot less WoW since we've been doing that.
But they finally put out the last LFR for the Nighthold.
So I did the Gul'dan raid and it's like, oh my god.
Dear Tanks, there's a site called WoWhead. And if you've never done the fucking raid before, study it.
There's also a channel that does raids in two minutes.
Maybe you should get on Discord and explain it to me.
Girl, no. I ended up having done the fight before, just never finished it.
Telling the Tank how to tank. And I don't tank.
Maybe you should tank.
No. I remember when I tried. For like a hot minute when I had Rebecca Black.
Who was permanently at level 85 and is now my bank alt.
But you only play her on Friday, Friday.
My heart weeps. Don't cry for me Argentina.
Now, you may have hurt Bobby's feelings in our chat.
Bobby Blackwolf says, the anti-tank rant is why I quit Final Fantasy XIV.
Because I was dumb and my first character was a tank.
No, no, no. There's a difference between people criticizing your tanking style and going into a fight fully ignorant.
Bobby would also listen to what anybody told him.
Like if we said, Bobby do this. He'd be like, okay.
Yeah. That's okay. If you take your feedback or if someone says, hey, try this instead. This mechanic's gonna happen. That's fine.
The guy we had would not do anything that people suggested. Had no idea.
And I'm like, finally I'm copying and pasting out of Wowhead. Tanks. This.
And then we finish the fight.
Congrats. GG. I'm beating it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
But, oh my God. Oh my God.
Alright.
Oh yeah. And I'm still kind of on best of move in Pokemon Go.
Awesome. Let's go to Loki. How was your gaming week?
I didn't really play that much this week. I've been having to actually program. So that's what I've been doing.
But I did play a little bit of Skyrim and just the bare minimum of Pokemon Go.
And that's really it.
That's it?
Yeah.
Alright. How about you, JD? How was your gaming week?
Pretty good. I mean, the Switch is still new to me. So I've been playing a bit of Zelda. I've been playing some of the other games like Voice.
And I bought Snipperclips. And that was a lot of fun to play around with.
It's like two joy cons. And we only figured out the two player mode. But apparently it supports up to four.
And that was a lot of fun. It's a cooperative puzzle game.
I've also been playing with my 3DS a lot. I still take that back and forth to work with me.
So I've been doing Street Passes and Rhythm Heaven Megamix.
How do you enjoy, as a music game fan, how do you enjoy Voice? Do you think it's a good addition to the Switch?
Or do you think it's kind of a cash in or what?
I mean, I liked it. I've played a couple hours on it. Or maybe an hour or so. And it was alright.
I tried it on my phone first because it's free there and I wanted to see if I would like it.
And comparing my Android with the Switch, I was impressed by the size of the screen.
I'm like, this makes a touchscreen music game a lot easier because you have more room to maneuver around with.
I liked it. I don't know any of the songs. And for music games, that's often a bonus if you know stuff.
But I like the soundtrack well enough. The play style seems great.
We tried the first couple and it was really easy. And the difficulty definitely scales up.
Yeah, well you figure the easy level first few songs are going to certainly be easy.
And also you have the luxury of, you've played a lot of music games so a lot of it just kind of comes naturally to you.
Like, tap here when this happens. Okay, well I've played Elite Beat Agents before. I'm already a leg up, right?
Yeah. Cool. So you're enjoying the Nintendo Switch overall? You didn't own a Wii U, right?
I bought a Wii U in January because I'm like, if I'm going to get one at all, it needs to happen.
Oh, you wanted one before they were gone for good. Got it.
Because there are still Wii U exclusive games that I wanted to have.
For now.
Well, okay.
For all you know, Mario Maker will show up on 3DS. Well, Mario Maker's already on 3DS.
It did show up on 3DS, but on Switch and all that stuff before too long.
Yeah, but I mean, the Wii U I got also because there were a couple of Wii games I didn't find, so it made it really easy to buy those digitally as well.
But yeah, I didn't manage to get a pre-order for Switch, so I waited six hours at Best Buy.
Wow.
I mean, that's better than a lot of people had to wait, so.
And that was six hours in the Bay Area, which is where all the tech nerds are.
In San Francisco, and it was like, I don't know, like 40 degrees out or something. It was cold that weekend.
I had to get my husband to deliver me blankets and a burrito.
Important stuff to get through the weekend.
Yeah.
But, well, you got your Switch though and all as well.
Yeah.
Good, good. Alright, let's see, my gaming week. So, I've also been playing quite a bit of Nintendo Switch.
I mean, there's always still like, you know, the Final Fantasy XIV, the Overwatch as well.
But, I was playing a little bit of Zelda earlier on in the week, but then I actually kind of started to drift away from that for a little bit.
I mean, nothing's wrong with Zelda. It's still a great game, but it's just like, oh, this console plays other games too.
I started playing Shovel Knight. I said I was not going to buy Shovel Knight. I swore a banana wasn't going to buy Shovel Knight.
And then I was like, maybe I'll just buy it again. I'll get the Treasure Trove, because it has the Plague of Shadows and all the other stuff.
I'll just buy it again. So, I might own Shovel Knight on as many platforms as I own Mass Effect 3 on now. I might be at that point.
But at least Shovel Knight is awesome, just like Mass Effect 3. So, I was playing some of that.
And then on Friday, a game that I was really anticipating on the Switch came out, and that is Blaster Master Zero.
And I really tried to temper my expectations, because you might remember there was Blaster Master Overdrive, I think it was called on the Wii.
And it was okay. I didn't hate Blaster Master Overdrive, but it didn't really capture the magic of the original, and I think a lot of that was just like,
I think some of the physics was kind of reinvented, and so it felt a little clunkier than the original did.
Something felt off the whole time I played Overdrive, and it wasn't bad, but it was weird.
So, I was kind of expecting to go through something similar with Blaster Master Zero, but I have to confess, I really like Blaster Master Zero.
I like it a lot, and it really brings back a lot of the spirit of the original Blaster Master.
So, here's the thing, because people are wondering, is this a remake? Is this a sequel? What the hell are they doing here?
Here's the thing, Blaster Master Zero is to Blaster Master on the NES, what Metroid Zero was to Metroid on the NES.
So, it's like the first part of the game is pretty much the same, but then you start to get into other levels, and different things start happening.
There's more bosses, there's slight differences to the level, like Area 2, they completely changed the setup for it.
They make it a housing area or something like that, whereas in the NES version, it was like another swampy area or something.
They changed things very subtle like that, but I noticed you still kind of go through a very similar progression with items and so on.
So, yeah, that's kind of the best way I can describe it. If you have played Blaster Master on the NES, Blaster Master Zero is kind of like what they did with Metroid Zero.
However, some other things they've added, some huge quality of life improvements from the original.
You now have the ability to save your game, you have restart points, you don't have lives anymore.
You just have restart points that once you cross it, you can restart from that point, and you have maps.
You can use a map, and so it actually feels a lot more like Metroid, which the original kind of did.
Maybe the only thing I could say that actually is kind of surprising me about Blaster Master Zero so far that may get it some backlash or whatever is that it's pretty darn easy.
Like, it's really easy. Actually, I have not really had a struggle in anything until I hit the part of the game where it's like you have to time a jump just right to land on a ladder.
And that part of the game was actually really infuriating me because it's like, God, the rest of the game has been so fucking easy right up to this point.
But I think part of the reason why Blaster Master Zero is a lot easier is A, those two quality of life changes I just talked about,
and B, the fact that your gun is way easier to power up than it was in the original, and it does different stuff.
In the original, when you powered up your gun, it kind of changed the shape and things like that, and it was cool. You could get it really strong.
But in this one, as your gun powers up, you get a charge shot, an auto shot, a flame thrower, and then you get this super powerful wave beam that just cuts through walls.
And if you can hang on to that, it's really easy. Because in the original Blaster Master, every time you took damage, not only did your health go down by one, but your gun power went down by one.
In this one, that is still the case, but the gun power ups are handed out like candy, so it's really easy to get back up to eight.
And then you get an item really early on that's like a shell, like spoiler alert, but it's not a big deal, it's like a shell for your gun meter that basically you can get hit one time without losing any gun power.
And that shell regenerates after like 30 seconds. So it's like you're allowed to make one fuck up every 30 seconds so you don't lose gun power.
And so it really makes the game a lot easier than the original. But you know what? I'm not as good at video games as I was when I was nine when the original Blaster Master came out.
There's a part of me that actually kind of appreciates the scale down and difficulty. Now I don't know if maybe a harder mode is going to open up when I beat it or something. I'm not through the whole game yet. I'm up to area five.
But I'm not sure where that's all going to go. But yeah, I'm just really enjoying the game from a nostalgia standpoint.
And I think the thing that's important to note too is that it's only $10. Which for games nowadays, especially like launch titles on a new console, that's really pretty darn reasonable.
So that's great. Because that's how much virtual console games would cost almost in some cases. So I'm glad to hear about that.
TigerConChat asks, does the new Blaster Master game use the story about the boy and his frog? Because it wouldn't be Blaster Master if it wasn't about that.
Here's the thing about that. Yes it does. It does use that story. But it goes a little further with it. Here's the crazy part.
So do you guys remember, years ago, there used to be a bunch of books that were written on NES video games. It was the Worlds of Power books.
And they did one on like Castlevania, Simon's Quest, and there was Ninja Gaiden. And there was all these different games that they did the books on.
So they did a book for Blaster Master. Well, that book introduced a character into the universe called Eve. Eve is in the game.
So I don't think it's the first time she's appeared. I think she showed up in either the Wii one or the Game Boy one they did a long time ago.
So I don't think it's the first time Eve has shown up. But it's still neat to me that this character that was created in a book that was totally a side story that wasn't really part of canon, kind of became canon.
So I thought that was really cool that they did that. So Eve is now a character in the game. I'm not going to spoil much more than that, like why she's there or anything like that, but you will see that.
So I think that's kind of cool that the books inspired that.
So, Stoppy in chat says the book is canon. Yeah, I guess it is now.
And Dark Tetsuya points out, to be fair, that wasn't even in the Japanese original. That was all the US Division's idea. Yeah, the whole frog thing, the boy losing his frog, that was not in the Japanese original because they localized that like years later.
Yeah, Stoppy points out Eve was in the PS1 Blaster Master. That's what it was. But I just think it's funny that she shows up here too.
Anyhow, I really enjoyed Blaster Master Zero and I would recommend it. And Shovel Knight is a good game too.
Okay, but I will talk about one game that I didn't really care for. And I'm sorry, JD, because it's a game that you brought over, but you already know how I feel about this.
And that is, I did not enjoy that new Bomberman game at all. And that's probably because I don't really, like, I kind of think the Bomberman franchise is kind of overhyped.
Like, as far as classic games go. Like, everybody's got something, right? So, if you are thinking I'm crazy by saying that, then you're probably going to just feel different by nature about Bomberman Zero.
But, you know, Shane was really trying to tell me I should get Bomberman Zero. I want to get Bomberman Zero. We can play multiplayer. But I was like, no, I don't really care for Bomberman.
And I don't know what this game is going to do to make it any better. And it doesn't, like, the controls feel, like, JD, is it just me? The controls feel kind of sluggish in that game.
No, I think you're right. Like, I noticed, like, it felt a little weird.
Yeah, there is something patching that out, too.
Well, I don't think it's a delay thing, because I was noticing that, just, like, with a regular controller, also, it was, like, it just, something about, I mean, it feels kind of silly to say physics in a 2D top-down game, but it feels like the physics are off.
And the voice acting is super annoying.
Oh, it's hilarious. Like, especially as you play as Aqua and you start winning, and, yeah, no, it's funny.
Okay, so I was playing as the Black Bomberman, because this thing I saw on Twitter made him look hilarious. And as you are circling around the outside, because when, okay, that was one thing I thought was kind of a neat little change on the formula, was that when you get knocked out in Bomberman, you revive on the edge of the plat field, and you can fire bombs as a ghost into the, back into the field, and if you knock somebody else out, you take their place.
Yeah, Revenge has been around for a couple of...
Oh, has it? That shows you how often I've been playing these games.
Yeah.
So anyway, so, okay, so the Revenge thing is there, but every time you fire a bomb as the Black Bomberman, take that! Take that! Take that! And I'm like, shut up!
All of the characters give a line when they throw a bomb as Revenge, and that is kind of annoying.
Yeah, so I'm just, I'm not hearing, I'm not feeling the Bomberman game, but if you guys are enjoying it, good for you. Hooray.
But yeah, I'm glad I didn't spend the money on that, but there's other great Switch games to check out.
Zelda, Zelda, Zelda, Zelda, and, you know, Barman, or Bla, Barman, Blaster Master Zero I think is great,
and Shovel Knight, of course, if for some reason you've missed Shovel Knight until now, that's a great game too.
I still haven't had my hands on 1-2 Switch yet, I'll probably get there eventually.
And then what, next week we're going to have Binding of Isaac, a new version of that is out on the Wii U.
Get your systems together, Rob, on the Switch, so that'll be really exciting too. Cool!
Tigerclaw in chat says, Sky, maybe the character should have said bombs away, bombs away, bombs away.
I mean, there are eight characters.
One of them probably does. Anyhow, that's my gaming week. That's enough, I've gone on long enough.
So, housekeeping tonight, I don't have a lot, except I do want to promote for sure, Sac Indie Arcade is coming up,
it's coming up on April the 8th, we're going to be broadcasting all day from the West Sacramento Convention Center,
if you are in Northern California, I highly encourage you to make the drive and check it out.
Sac Indie Arcade is going to be a lot of fun, we'll be there live all day.
This time I'll go to all of the rooms instead of realizing there was an extra room they didn't go to at the very end.
Yes, and I'm hoping we might have extra help this year so that we don't have to be at the table 24-7 so that we can actually go play some more of the games.
That'll be very exciting, so that'll be cool.
Dan will be running the Atari Party table again too.
Oh, so Atari Party is making a cameo again, that's great. Atari Party was fun.
So, it's not just indie games, but kind of a celebration of other gaming too.
I will definitely make sure we get Gabe and Brie back on the show before that day if they are available,
so we can talk all about what to expect at this year's Indie Arcade, because I know they have all new speakers, it's going to be a good time.
So, look forward to that.
I do not know if we will end up having a show the next night.
Something has come up where Jamie and I may have other obligations the very next night,
and we figure if we are broadcasting all day long the day before, then perhaps we deserve a night off.
So, more to come on that as we approach April, that would be April 9th would be the show date for that,
we'll let you guys know as that gets closer.
Anyhow, in the meantime, let's get into some gaming news and what's going on in gaming this week. Loki.
Alright, so Nintendo talked a little bit about, hey, where the heck are those streaming services that are not on the Switch?
And, well, they said that Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon will be coming in some time.
And, you know, they basically said, you know, what they basically were saying is that their system is more of like about the games on the system.
And then, of course, they're talking to other companies about bringing those services, because they said that they're not differentiators.
What differentiates the Nintendo Switch is, you know, the games and how they're played.
That sounds like a cop-out to me, if you really got to ask.
I do think it's a bit of a cop-out, but it's one they can kind of get away with right now.
Like, you know, there's enough stuff on the Switch right now, especially with how freaking good Zelda is,
there's enough stuff on the Switch they can kind of get away with right now.
So, it's, you know, and I think it's a great line, the whole, like, we just want the system to be about games.
But I just can't believe that in their, you know, five-year plan for the system, their ten-year plan, however long they want the Switch to be viable,
I just don't believe that they wouldn't try to ever bring in some of this other stuff.
And again, I think it's just one of those things that will show up this holiday.
And then, suddenly, and the reason why I bring this up, because I'm sure some of you guys, I'm not even looking at chat at the moment,
I'm sure some of you guys are saying, yes, Rob, a gaming console should be about the games.
Look, my point I'm making is that that line that they're saying right now is going to do a 180 this holiday when they do launch Netflix and that stuff.
That's my point, is that it's just a convenient line right now for what they have available, but come holiday when they do have the rest of that stuff,
they're going to say, well, not only did we want to be the best gaming system with the best games like Zelda and Splatoon 2, we wanted to bring you even more!
And that's the thing, I'm calling it right now.
It's not a differentiator. It actually is a differentiator, because you're launching with an online service that's not as robust as your competition. Period.
That's how it is. And yes, your system is different in the way it plays games. That is also a differentiator.
But you can't dismiss that this is not a differentiator, especially when, as you said, a few months from now, they're just going to fucking flip that line anyways.
It is. Just accept it, say yes, it'll come in time. That's it.
Which is essentially what he said.
Right. Pretty much. With the differentiator part added in there.
Stoppy in chat says, you don't think there's enough on the Switch? Wait till it gets hacked.
Look, here's the thing. It's not that I don't necessarily think there's enough on the Switch at this point, you know, especially, I mean, that was a pretty, for one week after launch, that was a pretty good week the Switch had last week.
I really enjoy Blaster Master Zero. JD says voice is worth it if you're a music game fan.
You had the Neo Geo games, which I'm surprised Dark Sakura hasn't kind of poked her head in, what's this? But you probably have the original Neo Geo games.
But that's available now on the Switch. What is it? World Heroes Champions is one of them. One of the Metal Slug games.
World Heroes is...
There's four or five games.
All these indies and old titles can, you know, keep the Switch going, but it's going to take third party support aside from indies.
And that's what the major consoles have right now, except for the Switch. Doesn't it really have a lot of stuff coming out third party wise right now?
But here's my point. Here's my point. The week that the Switch just had this last week, the Wii U did not have a week like that one week after launch.
The Wii didn't have a week like that one week after launch. So if this is the trend for Nintendo is going to be pumping out like a pretty big, even if third party, indie, whatever it is,
if the Switch is able to pump out like a title at least worth turning your head at, and Nintendo's did a pretty good job with that news thing that it does seem to update in your sleep and it doesn't connect to the internet.
So it kind of lets you know right when you turn on the system, hey, this game is available. Nintendo may not have that whole problem with, oh gosh, there's no games available on it that they had with the Wii U.
But the Wii U launched with a ton of titles. I bought a lot of those titles. So that's not really an argument. They launched with way more titles than the Switch. I don't remember what the Wii U had, but I know the Wii U had...
There was a bunch of crap that was on PS3 and Xbox already, except now it was the touchscreen.
This is true. They did have a lot of things like that, but that's what they're doing now with the Switch. It's stuff that was on the Wii U, but now it's on the Switch.
So it's the same thing, except now they just aren't releasing them right at day one. Instead they're saying, hey, look, it's coming out in April.
I literally watched their trailer for the whole Mario Kart 8 on the Switch, because it's a fucking Wii U title, and showing what the features are and the new differentiators as I use his line.
It's nothing. It's literally two characters and, oh shit, we put Battle Mode back in there because it fucking should have been in the first place. And now you get two items. Big fucking deal.
See, that's Loki's opinion, but I'm looking in chat over at live.voggenetware.com. A10 in chat is asking, are you going to get Mario Kart 8, Rob? Yes. I will rebuy it.
I'm hoping they don't try to pull the $60 price tag on it.
Oh, you bet your ass. You bet your ass that shit's gonna be fucking $60. We'll see. I'm betting all the DLC characters in that purchase.
I'm pretty sure they are, but it doesn't matter. I already bought it on Wii U. But I will rebuy it on the Switch to have it portable and to be able to play, because you'll get Mario Kart 8 as well, right, JD?
Yeah, I didn't actually get Mario Kart 8 for Wii U, because I just bought it recently, and I was like, well, I'll just wait until it comes out on the Switch, and the same with Splatoon.
But then when you come over and play Mario Kart 8, we'll both be able to play on our Switch. It'll be awesome.
The other thing I have to admit was kind of neat about the Switch. Since JD did bring his system over, it was so easy and fucking convenient to want to play Bomberman, all we had to do was take my Switch out of the dock, put JD's in, Bomberman time. It was that easy.
So, I mean, actually, no, not with Bomberman, we just moved the cart.
Bomberman was a cartridge, so we just switched the game out for Snipperclips.
That was at Snipperclips.
Which is DLC only.
But still, that made it awfully convenient to show off another game or what have you. This is something that isn't as easy on PlayStation 4 or Xbox One, if you don't have it on disc.
And pairing the Joy-Cons was also really easy. All you have to do is just attach them to the console.
Yeah, for sure. Let's see, so, TigerClaw in chat says, is the new Mario Kart 8 going to have all the DLC from the Wii U version, and I mean stuff like playing as Link and some other Nintendo characters outside of Mario.
Yes, and I think it's going to have more, too, because it's going to have the Splatoon Kids and King Boo.
Well, the Splatoon Kids were in there already, I thought.
No, not the Splatoon Kids. They weren't there.
No, Animal Crossing was there, and I haven't even seen them, but I'm sure they're in this one.
Animal Crossing and Zelda were the big DLC packs.
I thought that they were in there.
Nope, they're new.
Oh, who gives a shit?
Well, I'm not that big on the characters, but again, it's more about the fact that now I'll have it portable, and the battle mode stuff will be neat, so I'm very excited about it.
So, there we go. Let's see, going to chat over at live.fognetwork.com.
BbBlackWolf says, I give a shit. LOL.
Let's see, ActDeft also says, I'm one of those that give a shit. So, low-key, some folks give a shit.
And you know who else gives a shit? People that buy fucking Apple products year after year after release.
It's fine, if you want to buy the same product over and over again, then more power to you. I'm just not going to do it.
That's why everybody gets to have an opinion, I suppose.
Even if they're wrong.
Alright. Well, here's the thing, low-key, interesting sales news about this, but it is coming from Nintendo, so I suppose you could take a skeptic's angle to this.
However, in an interview that was in the New York Times with NOA President Reggie Fils-Aime, he mentioned that the Switch in America and Canada has outsold the Wii in a two-day period.
This means the Switch has surpassed 600,000 in sales if you break the numbers down in that same region.
So that could mean that if you consider worldwide, because Japan sold another 313,000, they probably sold a million at least in that first week, which certainly is outpacing Wii U.
Now, I'm going to say it before you can, because I totally understand the skeptic's angle to this.
It's much easier to sell them when you made enough to put them on the fucking shelves.
Exactly. Because they would have sold a ton more. I guarantee if they had an infinite amount of product available, they would have sold more of the Wii than they would have the Switch.
J.D., when you were at that Best Buy, were there people that got turned away who couldn't buy a Switch because they ran out?
I didn't stay long enough to find out. My Best Buy had two lines, so the people who were in the no pre-order line, they let some of them in, and then some of the pre-order people, and just alternated.
So I left it at 1230, and I was fine.
Gotcha. I figured there might be some people who left it there.
And how nice of them to be able to see them, Nintendo, being the ones that actually control that shit as far as how much product is available.
How nice to say that, oh, look at the Switch is doing so much better than the Wii.
Okay, I get that, but that skepticism aside, at least there is a positive I see with this.
Is that the Wii U didn't have a supply problem.
Oh no, it did have a fucking supply problem.
I was able to find one that morning that it launched without waiting in line, I just casually went into Target and picked one up.
I mean, I think after maybe that initial period, then yeah, there was a supply problem, but you didn't see it fly off the fucking shelf like the Wii did.
Oh yeah, no one's gonna argue that the Wii U was a strong platform at all.
But then I would say that is good news for Nintendo, because they have to do better than they did with Wii U, and it looks like the Switch is doing better than Wii U.
Well, just saying.
I mean, that's such a low bar to explain.
Well yes, it was a low bar, but Nintendo had to overcome it.
Good job.
How does it compare with the original Wii, though?
Because I know the original Wii was selling really well, because of Wii Sports and all that.
It did, but not until it was already out for a year, because nobody could fucking buy one when it was first out.
Yeah, and they're not gonna fucking play that angle. They're not gonna say, well, our fucking distribution line was fucked up like crazy, and now it's just less fucked up.
Okay, I'm gonna really try to think back. Dark Soccer, think back with me. You gotta go back in your brain ten years. You ready?
Remember when y'all went to that Target, and Xtifer was there, and you were there, and Maggie and Chris went too, right?
It was just, actually it was me and Kristen.
I thought Xtifer was with you.
I thought Xtifer was with you, or did he go to a different store?
He went to a different store, I think.
Okay.
Because we went to the Target in Citrus Heights.
Maybe he went somewhere else. All right, but all that stuff aside.
We bribed our way in line.
How many Wiis were sold? Like 14 or something, right?
Something like that? No, there were more, because everyone who was in line got one.
But it wasn't that...
It was like 20.
JD, were there more than 20 people in the pre-order line to get a Switch?
I was like 20th in line, and I got there at 6pm. There were definitely lots more people than that in line.
So the point is, they had 20 Wiis on day one, and way more Switches on day one.
Yeah, they were giving out tickets, and they were continuing on around the corner of the building where I was, so they definitely had more stock.
Now granted, I am comparing Target in Sacramento to Best Buy in the heart of the Bay Area.
However, I would wage your money. This is still a safe comparison.
I mean, it's only one of two Best Buys in the city, so...
Yeah, so there's just plenty more availability of the Switch.
Okay, then perfect. And I hope that they do have that availability going forward, because they're not going to have any excuses then if it still doesn't outperform the Wii.
Then they're going to have no excuses.
Holiday is going to be fascinating. Holiday is going to be very, very fascinating for the Switch.
Because it will be fascinating to see if the Switch still has that same momentum, like that must-have system going into Holiday, and what Nintendo's going to do to it to really kick it in the ass.
It's going to be more than a Mario game, and I think this is what they're saving the Netflix angle for.
I'm telling you, this is what Switch is going to do. It's going to have Netflix, but you're going to be able to watch Netflix on the TV, and then thanks to downloading Netflix, you can pick up...
It's not a differentiator. It really doesn't matter. It doesn't matter at all that it doesn't have Netflix or has Netflix, because it's not a differentiator.
Alright, anyway. Moving on, the Switch is selling, but how well it's selling, I suppose, is open to how you want to read into that.
We'll hopefully see some harder numbers in about a month's time, especially when Nintendo's financial year ends.
Meanwhile, though, we're going to go on to a different topic. I know Nintendo's really been dominating the conversation the past few weeks. It is a new system after all, but other gaming news going on as well, right, DarkSakura?
Kind of weird. Weird news.
How so?
Well, basically, two unlikely game developers are getting in bed and making sweet, sweet music game love.
Oh my god, yes.
Except not in the way that you think it is.
So it's Hasbro and Harmonix. And they are putting together a music card game.
So, and I had to bring this one up because, you know, we started off as a music game show and we, you know, had our long line with harmonix through the life of the show.
Of course.
Doing a card game called DropMix. It was basically you play different cards that have the bass, the beat loops or vocals of a song on a DropMix board.
And when the card is played, the corresponding piece of music goes on with a phone, be it iOS or Android, that's connected to the board.
So as multiple cards are placed, the app starts merging them into a track.
And basically it's using the NFC to be read by the board. And it's got actually a pretty decent list of songs. I mean, just different.
It's got like Earth, Wind and Fire, September. It has the final countdown.
I wonder who's going to build a sequence. It's just nothing but that.
We've got Run DMC, It's Tricky.
Oh wow.
Some friends for Nan Afrijack, Bruno Mars, Young MC. So Busta Move is in there.
That'll be fun.
Weezer's King of the World, A Tribe Called Quest Scenario, some Skrillex, whatever.
Can you mix, can you mix the songs together?
It's got churches in it.
Interesting.
That makes me happy.
Can you, can you mix the songs together?
It doesn't say anything about it, but it's going to go for a hundred.
Uh huh.
It's available in September and it will have a 16 and no, it has an additional 16. And okay, let me start over.
It comes with 60 cards in the game board. It comes with an additional 16 and five card packs will be released for 15 and $5 respectively.
And new cards coming out through 2017.
I love that we've still got DLC in a harmonics music game, even though, you know, the card games have done this for years.
So it's funny to me. This is their version of DLC.
Yeah, it's more like BC, Buyable Content.
Well as long as you're only buying the songs you want, it's not so bad.
Unless they're mixed up.
Well with card games, this is the fucking norm. Like take any card game, this is the norm.
Who in this room played Magic?
Cards Against Humanity. Hello?
No, no, Magic's even worse than that.
But anyway, who in this room still plays Magic?
Rageinator, raise your hand.
It got way too expensive.
I'm sorry?
I played the Pokemon trading card game a little.
Keep in mind, I've sold two full collections of Magic cards.
I was going to say, I sold my Magic the Gathering trading card deck my junior year of high school. That's how long that fucking game's been around.
I played all the way through my first round of college.
But it's a fun game. No disrespect.
But I wanted to say about this, I love the concept of how they're utilizing smartphones as a game controller.
Very similar, like Jackbox Party Pack kind of rethought that whole thing to how to do a party game with a bunch of cell phone controllers.
It's kind of like Harmonix has done that in a different way though.
They're using it now with an analog game, I suppose, or a more traditional board game, the smartphone controllers,
as opposed to a video game like what we saw at Jackbox.
It's the marriage of genre right there.
I just had a thought. What is Jackbox going to do with the Joy-Cons on the Switch? Because that would be amazing.
I don't know, but if I remember right, the whole trilogy, the Jackbox trilogy, I think shows up on that.
Indie games coming for Switch, so they're doing something.
Yeah, I don't know. We'll have to email our friends over there and see if they want to come on to talk about the Switch version when it releases.
And why we're going to buy their game again, just like I buy fucking Shovel Knight and Mass Effect 3 and all this other stuff.
Kaijuto in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, we have the living card game now, Rob.
The trading card game is getting phased out, so not every card game has that now.
I thought deck building games were all the rage right now.
Ascension and Dominion.
Ascension, Dominion, and I played one that was all DC comic.
Oh yeah, there's the DC deck building game, which is the actual name of it. There's also a Marvel one called Legendary.
What's the one where it's like a PvE type of card game, where you're fighting a boss sentries of the...
Sentinels of the Multiverse?
Sentinels of the Multiverse, that's it. I thought deck building was the huge thing right now in card gaming.
Yeah. I mean, it is one of the...
It's fun! I love the concept of a PvE card game as opposed to a PvP card game.
I mean, the concept is like you're playing a comic book thing out and you choose your character based on which deck you pick out.
Yeah.
I mean, it's very comics-flavored. It's a lot of fun.
Alright, let's move on. Boy, our first part of the show is going along tonight, but that's okay.
It always seems like the slower news weeks, which, yes, I know PAX happened this weekend. We're on the wrong coast.
It seems like it was kind of a slower news week this week because everybody's too busy playing fucking Zelda, which I understand.
But it's the slow news weeks. They always have longer shows. Go figure. Loki.
So, Share Factory is getting quite the update on PlayStation 4.
So, the biggest part about it is you can actually import your own clips now.
Or external clips, I should say, using like a USB flash drive so you can put your own photos, your own video clips.
Along with that, they've also added over 30 textures that you can use to personalize text in the game.
They also have a new infomercial theme. There's a new photo mode collage thing, new stickers, and then, of course, updates to the overall UI.
I might have read this wrong, but didn't I hear that you can put GIFs in now? Like, you can load GIFs into your videos?
Maybe. Because if so, like, it's over. Like, I'm going to go to town with GIFs because my favorite thing is on Twitter and Share Factory.
Which, you know, when that first came out, I was playing around a lot with Share Factory. I think I still have something up on my YouTube channel.
Like, I compiled all these Final Fantasy XIV things into something in Share Factory.
You know, it's a pretty powerful little tool that I think is really underutilized. Probably because it takes a little time to learn.
But I'd be very curious how these new features kind of might make it better. And now the fact that you can kind of mix in your own stuff, too, would be really cool.
I have to say, one advantage of Slack over IRC is that you can do GIFs so much easier.
That is true. That is true. William Ritterface in chat says, can you import your own snipper clips, though?
Well, if you can import your own video, yes, you could. You would capture the footage of snipper clips on your PC or whatever, holding a phone up to the screen if you have to.
And then you could import that into your PlayStation video. So maybe I want to make a video in Share Factory that's nothing but my favorite Forza Horizon clips.
That's funny. Alright, anyway.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, corn.
Moving on. Nintendo making money this week, but no, not from the Switch. Something else.
And honestly, even though they're making money in theory, they probably won't see any of this money for a good long time.
Here's the deal. It's $12.76 million Canadian dollars. Sorry, it's Canadian dollars because a Canadian federal court ruled in the favor of Nintendo America.
This was Nintendo America taking GoCyber Shopping Limited and the owner, Jeremy King, to court this week because this company was distributing circumvention devices, flash carts, mod chips, game copiers, all the things that Loki loves.
Sky 3DS, Gateway 3DS, and all those similar devices the court ruled is illegal.
And so he was found, I guess, guilty of being a distributor of all these game copy devices and so on.
And so I guess at one point he used to kind of boast about what he did, or at least that's what I'm reading about in these stories.
I don't have an example of that though. But now he's going to have to apologize on his website for the damage that he caused Nintendo.
Nintendo in a statement saying, Nintendo continues to be a leader in bringing innovative gaming platforms and software to our fans and millions of gamers across the globe.
Blah, blah, blah, track record, blah, blah, blah. We will vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights against those that attempt to steal or misuse them.
Yeah, like making YouTube videos of them.
Yeah, but no $12.6 million judgment in a YouTube case. Although I'm not going to argue Nintendo and some of their YouTube rules are pretty shitty.
But there's a big difference between Zelda music in a YouTube video and flash carts, game copiers, mod chips with the intent to copy software.
Not to Nintendo. That's the problem. There's no difference to that.
So do you think they're going to take me to court because I did a video on Legend of Zelda 8-bit on YouTube?
They'll monetize it.
I'm sure, I think they already did. No, I demonetized the video because I'm like, if I can't make money, neither can you. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's what I did.
But if you were making money, they would, they still may put ads on it.
Please. I'm not going to make, I'm not going to make money on YouTube. Let's be real. Let's start there.
Stopian Chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, that is so Canadian. His sentence is to apologize.
Come on. Anyway, let's see.
Dark Tetsuya Chat says, reminds me of when they nailed the guy behind the 76,001 Nintendo 64 Famiclone system.
There was a huge magazine ad about it when he got in trouble.
And aren't, people are reselling those mini NES classics with a bunch of games loaded into them, right?
So they're just asking for too much.
Who's selling them because I haven't found any in the stores.
Speaking of supply issues and fuckery in Nintendo.
Can't even get that system out.
Alright, anyhow, moving on. Just a few more stories before we get to the classic game of the week.
But first, our Sakura.
Mass Effect. Of course.
Ermagerd, it's almost here.
I know, right?
Have you watched any of the stuff that's come out of PAX?
Tried not to.
Are you trying to keep yourself spoiler free?
Yeah, except for the important things like character customization.
Yeah.
Because that's all I care about.
Of course.
And hey, can you fuck that? There's that too.
One of the things that got let out under Twitter is that you can pick which of the twins that you start with.
But then you can change your mind while doing customization.
So in effect, that means you can customize each of the rider twins.
And looks like a bunch of customization will go in.
So there also will be a lot more in the way of decision making that's going to affect the outcome in that.
But they said that the Mass Effect Andromeda character selection and character creation will be a lot like Fallout 4's.
Where you have them switch back and forth while they, you know, you can customize each character.
And then once you are in that position, then you can no longer customize it.
Although I know the community, there's going to be mod tools out before too long.
So that's cool stuff.
Yeah, I like the fact that the whole like the parent or the dad I guess kind of looks like how you customize the twins.
It's kind of interesting.
Well, they kind of did the same thing in Dragon Age 2, remember?
Where whichever of the siblings that you had, their appearance was based on what you chose for your hawk.
So to probably a much lesser extent since I doubt that it was as sophisticated as what Andromeda.
Frostbite is going to help.
But it'll be fun. And given what I've played in Frostbite games already, having played Dragon Age Inquisition, I'm looking forward to the level of customization.
I mean if someone can make What's His Face from the Wild Thornberries in Dragon Age or Nicolas Cage in Dragon Age because he's in everything ever.
They can do that for Mass Effect.
I'm very excited from what I'm hearing on Mass Effect multiplayer.
It sounds like it's going to be faster paced than Mass Effect 3, which is already pretty fast paced.
But that they're not really changing the core. It sounds like it's still going to be very similar. The core elements the same.
But the nice thing is you're not going to be required to play it at all. They're not doing that galactic readiness thing they did in Mass Effect 3 or any of that.
So you won't be required to play it to get the good ending. I think it's something about you can send out strike teams to do things.
And either you just send them out and they do it, or you are a part of that strike team in the multiplayer.
Like that's how it works.
In Inquisition?
Oh yeah, it was like the same thing in Inquisition, yeah.
Yeah, you'd have your table missions and then it would unlock certain parts of the map for you.
And as you walked through Skyhold, you did run into the multiplayer characters.
Yeah, I bet it's a similar thing.
You couldn't talk to them, but they were hanging out there. Except Isabella, dammit.
I was tickled when they put Isabella in multiplayer.
So maybe, I don't know, maybe magically Blasto will show up.
Blasto will show up.
What are the characters that we know and love or will love in the new Mass Effect game will show up.
But not a lot of plot spoilers leaking out still, which good. That's the stuff we don't want to be spoiled on.
That's the stuff that Dark Soccer doesn't want to hear about.
But people are going to start playing it, what, Thursday, right? Is when EA Access or whatever that thing is.
Origin is going to get that 10 hour preview or whatever of Mass Effect.
So look out because spoilers are incoming on Thursday.
That's why I'm getting the heck out of town this weekend.
Alright, moving on. Loki.
Alright, so Bethesda has kind of talked about what the actual free to play model for Quake Champions is going to be.
So basically you start off with the Ranger and that's kind of your free character in the game.
If you feel like you want to try a different character, you can buy access to each of the characters for some sort of price.
And then, yeah, so you get one free but you have to buy the rest.
You get only one free. Did you say it's rotating or you just get to pick one and that's the one you get?
Yeah, well you get one. So here's the other thing though. You can also, if you don't want to pay for the actual players like the other characters,
you can also earn that money with in-game currency called favor.
And that will also unlock the characters for a set period of time.
So you can also buy backpacks and brooms and whatever.
So basically it just sounds like a free to play model for a game. Not that surprising.
I'll still check it out. I like Quake games and so if it's free to play, why not? Just check it out at least.
And the other thing, they showed off a little bit of one of the new champions that they have.
So they have Nyx who, let's see, I guess she's pretty agile and she has an ability called Ghost Walk that allows her to move between dimensions.
So while she does that, she's invisible and immune to damage.
So she's Sombra.
Yeah.
Since I think we all know what game may have inspired Quake Champions.
You don't say. The Game of Money? Is that what it is?
Yes.
Alright. Well also, a game that's no stranger to making money, Parappa the Rappa. That's right.
Parappa the Rappa. Remember they're re-releasing it again, but it's the remastered version for the...
How can you remaster that? I mean it's pretty basic looking as it is.
Yeah, but they were very pixely.
Well, and it's widescreen supported now. Remember the original was PlayStation 1 so it was a 3-4 ratio.
That's kind of a stretch.
Yes, that's what they're doing. They're stretching the image out to fill an HDTV.
So, Parappa the Rappa, you guys already forgot. They released Stage 1 during the PlayStation experience, I think it was, a couple months ago.
So I think folks forgot this is coming.
Yeah, they did. Surprise!
Well, it's been dated and dollared. It's going to come out March 8th for us in North America, which means it's out, I guess.
Did Parappa the Rappa remaster come out and I've missed it?
I think so. March 8th, I guess, I totally missed.
Oh, wow. I've been too busy with the fucking Switch to notice that this came out.
This might not have been the best time to release Parappa the Rappa stealthily on the PlayStation 4.
But it is $20 is what it's going to cost you there.
So, April 4th in Europe for $11.99, local currency.
And in Japan, April 20th, you get that on $420 for 1,800 yen.
So, there it is. ActDeftInChat says, you gotta believe that it's already released.
Yeah, I haven't really checked on what released on the PlayStation 4 store this week because I've been distracted with Zelda.
They should have released it the week before the Switch came out.
Yeah, or something. Also, one reason why Japan has to wait a little longer for it, there's actually going to be a physical release of this in Japan.
So, you can actually get a Japanese copy of the game with the box art, which looks really cute.
You can check that out. That will come out with the game on April 20th.
Also, don't forget, LocoRoco remastered and Patapon remastered are also scheduled for the PlayStation 4 at some point this year after this.
So, exciting stuff.
Alright, well, we're going to take a trip down memory lane.
And every week, DarkSakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks ought to be remastered.
But once in a while in 2017, she brings out the whole damn system.
Yep.
DarkSakura, what is the classic console of the month of March?
Of March. The WonderSwan.
And I think that at least two people in this room own some kind of WonderSwan.
I do. A very generous listener of the show. I don't know if he listens anymore, but actually, um, Ram-
He's got a WonderSwan crystal, right?
Yeah, Ram like a gaming company thing that resold this stuff and got me one, so that was really nice.
I have a WonderSwan color. I actually have the Final Fantasy I and II WonderSwan color.
So, but let's go back into the original WonderSwan, which actually, your ex-roommate had a WonderSwan color.
No, a regular WonderSwan.
And that's where I played Beatmania on WonderSwan, which is now background music for us.
It was the best home version of Beatmania as well. All the music was perfect.
So anyway, the WonderSwan was a handheld game console that was released by Bandai.
It was actually developed by Gunpei Yokoi's company, Koto Laboratory, with Bandai.
So, um, it came out in 1999 amongst the fifth generation of consoles.
And then there were two later versions, as I just mentioned, the WonderSwan color and the Swan crystal.
All of them being supported until 2003, so there were no releases of this outside of Japan.
It was a 16-bit system, but it actually had a really, really long battery life in comparison to the Game Boy Color at the time and the Neo Geo Pocket Color.
Those were its contemporaries.
And it had a lower price point.
Honestly enough, I think the games looked a bajillion times better on it, too.
It had different upgrades to it, you know, like I said, that add color and it had great audio.
I mean, just listen to this for a second.
Yes, I will. This is a sample from Beatmania.
Here we go.
Remember that thing?
Yeah, the cat song.
But doesn't that sound perfect?
Yes, it sounds purrrfect.
But this is on a handheld.
Keep in mind, the Game Boy Color one at the time was shit. Sorry, it was shit.
Comparing the Beatmania GB to this is like night and day.
Yeah, so the awesome thing about the WonderSwan is that you can play it horizontally or vertically, which the Klonoa game, which I've got for WonderSwan, it uses both orientations for some of the levels.
So it's really cool.
It had a lot of good third party support, mostly from Square, Namco, and Taito.
They sold something like, for all of its iterations, something like 3.5 million units in Japan and had 8% of the Japanese handheld market at the time before the Game Boy Advance came out.
Ooh, this is the other video of some of that third party stuff, huh?
Yeah.
Maybe not the most riveting music of the game.
Let's see how far we're going to...
Let's try to see if we can go here.
I gotta wait for it to load now.
Little crystals coming together.
There we go.
Exactly.
There we go. That's the song I know.
This is what I bought my WonderSwan color for.
I played the crap out of this.
So anyway, in the past, Bandai had done a bunch of handheld games.
They did a lot of licensing, like they had Tetsu on Adam, which we got as Astro Boy.
They did LCD games in the 70s.
They did the Intellivision in Japan.
They worked a lot for the Famicom.
And then they had, of course, the Tamagotchi and Digimon.
So we knew that that was a thing.
So they basically went in a bit further and kind of did this on their own without other support.
We also knew that Yokoi created the Game Boy for Nintendo.
But after the Virtual Boy kind of went kaput, he created Kodoo Laboratories so that they could work with Bandai to make the WonderSwan to compete with the Game Boy.
So basically, he kind of parented two systems here, right?
So moving onward, they picked the name WonderSwan because of its aesthetics.
It had a 30 hour battery life.
I don't think it really was that close to it, but it did okay.
It came with all kinds of colors. Nine colors.
Some of them discontinued later on.
And I mean, as you can hear, the music was amazing.
So I would say it was more on par with the Game Gear and Lynx as far as its capabilities.
And then later on, the WonderSwan Color came out that had the full color screen and had backward compatibility with the WonderSwan games.
And it came in different colors and had the special edition for Final Fantasy 1 and 2, which is the one that I have.
I forgot to take a picture or I would show everybody.
And then the Swan Crystal came out in 2002 and it was actually 7800 yen, which was about 1000 yen less than the Game Boy Advance.
And it looked better and it sounded better.
It had a much better screen on it, but Nintendo already had a little bit more of the name recognition and it was only released in Japan.
So it didn't have the international support, you know, that Nintendo of course had with a lot of this.
They also were powered, get this, by a single AA battery. All of them.
As crazy.
Yes. The Swan series were all from the single AA battery.
The WonderSwan Color, just double checking, it actually had 512 kilobits of RAM, which for the handheld at its time, was pretty amazing.
The WonderSwan Color would last about 20 hours with the battery.
In this one, Crystal actually had a little bit less because it was also a more powerful system, but it lasted 15 hours.
So really kind of negligible because who's going to sit and play it for 15 hours, right?
There were also other accessories. There's one called the Wonder Witch, which is a software development kit for amateur programmers.
Which is what I call myself on the weekends.
Girl. But it also allowed people to develop games and see.
There was an adapter for headphones, because it didn't have a headphone port.
Kind of like what they did with the, which of the Game Boy models was it that had this, the SP.
Like the adapter for that.
It also had a remote controlled robot called the WonderBorg, that you could operate with your WonderSwan.
It can be connected to a pocket station to transfer save files, and it used a device called the WonderWave to do that.
So, and it also became one of the early internet capable handhelds that used a phone network.
So really great stuff.
She got on the internet too? Jesus.
Right? I mean the thing was really ahead of its time.
Sorry.
So other games that came out on it, of course, and I'm even just thinking of the ones that I have.
They had a version of Go to Pay, of course.
It had Final Fantasy, Final Fantasy II, Final Fantasy IV, Space Invaders, Densha de Go!
We had Beat Mania. We had some Clone Ola games.
I've got a Digimon game myself. I think I might have mentioned it.
There was, um, hold on, I'm going to pull up the list of games here real quick.
So, let's see.
So we've also had Ark of the Lad on it.
Um, and I'm looking at just the color games here. A ton of Digimon, a Dragon Ball game.
We had Final Fantasy III was scheduled for it and cancelled, Front Mission came out, Golden Axe, Guilty Gear Petite, that's the other game I have.
Um, uh, Hatsuraku Chocobo, which is Working Chocobo, another Square game.
Um, Inuyasha games. We had a bunch of Gundam games.
Um, Makai Toshi Saga, Mr. Driller, Namco Super Wars.
Um, Romancing Saga, Rockman EXE.
And I think that on the original one there was, um, Rockman and Bass, wasn't it?
Came out. They were going to put Secret of Mana on it and that got cancelled.
Uh, had Super Robot Tyson compact. Uh, had a Yamato game.
Just all kinds of stuff. It was, it was pretty amazing. Great library.
Um, there are, and by the way, there are emulators out there, like I, though I wouldn't say emulate it, but maybe the only way you can try some of these games.
Yeah, maybe. Unless you want to pay like 800 bucks for one on eBay of somebody linked in our chat room.
Yeah. Well, I've got mine and it'll play everything that I want it to, but, you know.
So screw everybody else.
You know, the one thing though is that I kind of want a black and white one because of Beatmania.
Because Beatmania had a little add-on that was the scratch wheel.
And it doesn't fit very well on the, um, the color. Because the color's a little thicker.
Yeah, yeah.
But, um, it was really fun playing Beatmania with that because you just have to figure out, you know, map where your buttons are and then there you go.
So, um, I honestly think that if someone has a chance to get their hands on a WonderSwan, totally go for it.
Even if it's just the first model WonderSwan, it's an amazing little handheld system.
And, um, I even think to this day it's still pretty excellent competition.
Yeah, especially just considering like how ahead of its time it was in some ways. It's just, you know, we just didn't get it here.
It's like a lot of the systems that I've, you know, put on the list were, I'd honestly say, ahead of their time.
You know, but the WonderSwan color is probably, um, among one of my favorites.
Alright. There it is, your classic console of the month, the WonderSwan family.
Oh, another point? When I bought my WonderSwan color, it was at Game Masters and Burlingame.
Uh-huh.
No, was it Game Masters? I forgot. You know the store. I also bought my copy of, um, uh, great.
The name, the little stick figure with the music. Vib ribbon.
Vib ribbon? Yeah.
Yeah. I got my copy of Vib ribbon the same day and Kitty the Cool.
Nice. Best day ever.
Right? I came out of that game that day making out like a bandit and Dan picked up like a bunch of Saturn games.
Cool.
So, I just remember that was a good day.
Alright. There it is, your classic console of the month. Dark Soccer will be back with a game next week.
But in the meantime, we're going to take a quick break. There is more Orange Lounge Radio to come, including news on No Man's Sky.
That's right. We're going to talk about that when we come back.
And we're going to talk a little bit about the Final Fantasy VII remake and a little bit about Zelda Breath of the Wild as well.
And of course, your phone calls, Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Your emails participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And much more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, March the 12th of 2017.
Episode number 679 of our show already in progress.
We'll be getting to your call soon at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And then, of course, we always have our chat room as well over at live.voggenetwork.com where why are we talking about the N-Gage in chat right now?
What is the N-Gage chat happening right now in chat?
I had one.
You had one? You did? I forgot about that.
Yeah, remember I was like the only one who went over to the N-Gage booth at E3?
Because they looked lonely.
Yeah, they did look lonely. They didn't give you an N-Gage though, did they?
No, Dan and I had N-Gages. Both of us did.
Oh, I don't even remember that.
We did a couple of other friends because, well, I think at the time Dan was working at Gamestop.
Yeah.
But something like that.
Yeah, so probably, you know, got one as a preview or whatever.
Yeah.
To talk it up to potential sales.
Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, dear N-Gage. The good old taco phone. How I miss they. Anyway, we were enjoying some nice food there during the break. Some Stroopwafel, of course.
You know, the must have here at OLR.
And then, so you or Alan, somebody found those marshmallow Peep cookies.
I saw them and I had to have them.
But they're, okay, they're not, they don't taste like Peeps at all.
Like I know DarkSakura, not a fan of the marshmallow stuff, but those cookies don't, like they taste like nothing to me. They literally, it tastes like nothing.
It doesn't taste like soap, but it tastes like nothing to me.
I mean, to me, I think they're better than Oreos, but worse than Peeps.
I guess so. And then, there's Carrot Cake Hershey's Kisses.
Which I saw at Rite Aid and it was one of those, like, I have to just buy this to see like if this is for real.
And then DarkSakura was willing to try one of those, but you were like, it tastes like soap.
Yeah. I just, anything that tastes that sweet that I would have normally liked before, it just tastes absolutely bizarre.
I'm sorry.
I don't know if it's the antibiotics or if it's my own fucked up nose or whatever.
Or I just wanted to wash your mouth out with soap.
I'm way beyond washing my mouth out with soap.
I'd have to, like, deep throat an assembly line at Dove.
Dove chocolates or Dove soap? Alright, anyway.
We'll see.
Alright, let's do some rapid fire news, some other quick news stories here that happened in the past week in games. Loki.
The closed beta for Gran Turismo Sports is going to be starting actually in a few days. Looks like on March 17th.
Select PlayStation Network users will get invited to participate in the beta.
And when you do get invited, you get the selection of cars you can check out each day.
And of course, you know, it has like the driver profile and stuff that tracks your sportsmanship and race performance.
So cool. I wonder if they have the VR in there as well, because I know that's a feature of the game, but that'd be cool to try that out.
Yeah. I'd be curious what that looks like.
Now I completely forgot that they were doing a live action movie for this, but apparently they are.
So Just Cause, they have their lead actor in the film, Jason Momoa.
And you may remember Jason from such roles as Khal Drago in Game of Thrones, or he's also going to be Aquaman in the new Justice League movie.
But apparently he is going to be playing Rico Rodriguez, which I don't know how they can do that in the movie, but it sounds awesome.
So I'm down to check it out.
Yeah. We'll see if they finally make a good video game movie, but let's just say my hopes aren't very high.
You just can't really capture the nonsense that's in Just Cause with a movie, but I hope that they do.
Well, some folks in chat are excited about that. Bonds006 says, nice. I will watch a Just Cause film.
Brad from Pod Culture points out Ronan from Stargate Atlantis.
But I know that Aquaman made a cameo in the Batman and Superman movie, right? Which I watched on the plane, and I was like, this is ridiculous.
That was my whole feedback on Batman vs Superman.
Aquaman and the Brave and the Bold, though, was fucking hilarious.
That's pretty funny.
The best thing about Batman vs Superman, no joke, was Wonder Woman. It was the whole reason to watch the damn movie.
That's the only good thing I've heard anybody say about that movie.
What's that?
Actually, the new trailer looks pretty good.
I'll check out the Wonder Woman movie.
That will be the first DC movie I pay money for.
I mean, the movie, to me, looks exactly like Captain America. It's like, this is fucking Captain America with Wonder Woman, which is fine. I mean, it looks cool. It just gets so many Captain America vibes from it.
I wonder if they're going to have her weakness in it, where if she's bound by a man, she loses her powers.
I hope they have her truth lasso.
Well, you know how she was created, right? She was created by the polygraph inventor.
And her lasso was supposed to be, but he was also really into BDSM, so that's why her weakness came in as being bound.
It's also the reason there's a super dickery site, you know, all of these panels.
Yeah. Ugh.
Alright, well, we'll see. VidPower in chat says, the audience erupted when Wonder Woman came on screen in Buffy vs Superman.
Buffy would win.
Why did I read BvS as Buffy vs Superman? Just instantly my mind went to Buffy. Because everybody's been talking about Buffy because of the anniversary this week.
Well, it's also because Buffy was abbreviated BTVS.
Yeah, that's what it is. Thank you, JD.
Is Superman going to be like a vampire in that?
How's that going to work?
We already know Buffy will beat Edward Cullen.
Okay, thank you, Act F, just pointing out BvS Buffy Vampire Slayer. So that is a common acronym that's used there.
So it's not crazy that I instantly went to Buffy vs Superman, which is the movie they really should have made, let's be real.
Alright, anyway, let's talk about Bloodstained Ritual of the Night, a video game that could be better than Buffy.
Nah, I don't know if anything will be better than Buffy, but Bloodstained will be pretty cool.
It is confirmed, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night, it is coming to the Switch. Confirmed through a Nintendo of Europe advertisement.
Bloodstained is now slated for the Switch. This game, of course, is already bumped back to 2018, so they have plenty of time to put it together.
No clue if it will still release on Wii U. There has been no formal word on that yet, but I have a feeling Nintendo's probably going to pull the plug on Wii U before 2018.
They're probably going to shut that thing down as fast as they can. Although, it's worth pointing out, we didn't bring it up earlier, but even though the Switch had all these releases this week,
Nintendo Wii U did get a release this week on Virtual Console of all places, because I guess since there is still a Virtual Console on Wii U,
Bomberman 64 was released on the Wii U this week, so if you are a Bomberman fan, I think Bomberman 64 is one of the ones that a lot of people remember.
So, they may not pull the plug on Wii U that fast, but yeah, so it'll be interesting to see if Bloodstained still releases on Wii U, but I'm thinking probably not.
You should probably plan on picking it up on the Switch, but at least that is confirmed that that will be coming there to no one's surprise whatsoever.
Let's see, meanwhile, Wonder Boy the Dragon's Trap, another game that's slated for the Nintendo Switch, but this one will also be on the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One,
and then there will be a PC version later in the spring. This game is slated for April the 18th of 2017, that's when it's going to be hitting all those platforms.
Remember, this is the one that lets you switch between the current graphics and the really cool hand-drawn graphics just by tapping a button, really.
And what's also cool is that if you have old passwords, they work in the new game, so everything that you remember about Wonder Boy from the Sega Master System will come over to this game.
So, Dark Soccer, do you still have Sega Master System codes for Wonder Boy written down somewhere?
Probably somewhere. Well, and if not, there's the internet.
There is this place called the internet, yes. So you can put in all the codes you want there on the remake, so that's pretty cool. Moving on, Dark Soccer.
Well, for those who are excited about Mario Kart 8, it has a new unlockable character for beating the hardest difficulty, which is a gold palette swap for Mario.
And no one curr. That's neat. Yeah. Period.
And then, happiness, Wreck-It Ralph 2 is a year away! Yay! I love Wreck-It Ralph.
But they basically, you're getting the voice cast back and everything is going to be awesome, and I see Qbert, so that makes me happy.
And I see Eggman and Balrog, or Bison, so that makes me happy too.
So, I wonder if we're going to see actual other video game stuff, as opposed to in the first movie it was mostly made up things, like Sugar Rush was a made up thing, and the whole Fix-It Felix and Wreck-It Ralph, that was all a made up thing.
I remember, of course, the Street Fighter characters showed up, and there was cameos, but you didn't really get to see those other worlds, so I wonder if you'll get to see the other worlds this time.
There's also Alan Tudyk's in it. He was King Candy before, but he's pretty versatile with voices, so I'm pretty excited.
Maybe there'll be a flashback, or maybe there's Robo King or something. Maybe he's back.
Or they get another, whatever he was supposed to be, Roadblasters. Or Turbo, whatever.
Turbo, that's it. He probably comes back from the dead one way or another, I'm sure.
Oh yes, because it wouldn't be without it.
Of course not.
Yeah, but that's it.
Let's travel around the world and check out what is coming out in game stores this week, starting here in the US. Loki.
So we've got Danganronpa 1-2 Reload on PlayStation 4.
Pass. Just kidding.
Bitch.
You still need to sit and play it.
Now if you may pass on that, this might be something you might be more interested in.
Star Trek Bridge Crew on the Vive, Rift, and PlayStation VR.
Well I don't have any of those VR things, but maybe I will borrow yours.
I want to see the folks at the Starboard Power Coupling play this game together.
I think it would be hilarious to get Dr. Ken Rip Roaring Drunk and Captain Matt and Lieutenant Eddie and get him high on life.
And make him eat the whole bag of Peeps cookies and then play this game.
I think they'd have a lot of fun with that.
Anyway, hopefully that'll be a thing that happens.
And then Styx Shards of Darkness on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Excel World vs Sword Art Online Millennium Twilight on PlayStation 4 and the Vita.
We have Kona on PC, Mac, and Linux, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
And Nier Automata on PC.
And last but not least, Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash.
For those of you who may not know, Senran Kagura is a big breasted ninja game.
And this one of course goes the whole route of like, hey, we're just giving you some other excuses to have them in bikinis.
So they're literally squirting water on each other.
Yay!
Dark Sakura! Let's do Let's Play.
Yes, it's interesting. Just by the screenshots.
Sorry, this game is also in my Japanese releases.
And as I was going to put really quickly, just this quote from the page on Wikipedia for it.
Yes.
So it's literally a wet t-shirt contest as a game. That is literally what this is.
So this game is also out in Japan this week. Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash.
And if you look at the cover, it's just ladies in white bikinis and super soakers.
This is the best version of Splatoon yet.
It would only be good if it had the same music.
The whole little like da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
The little like ska music that like the little kids sing. It'll be hilarious.
Alright, anyway. Check that out coming to a...
I'm sorry, I have to look at some of these screenshots. It's one of those like I need to see it to believe.
Yep, I believe it.
This is so stupid.
Anyway, you can get that in a regular version in Japan on the 16th.
You can also get it in a new, new DX pack.
Ooh, DX.
Or a 5th anniversary DX pack. And if you say that real fast, it's Dix pack.
So you can get a 5th anniversary Dix pack in Japan.
You can also pick up a game this week in Japan on the 16th on the PlayStation 4 called Kono Yono Hatte de Koi wa Yutao Shuzhou Yuno in a regular and limited edition.
It's called Rewrite out in Japan this week.
And Excel World vs Sword Art Online Millennium Twilight, which I think Loki referenced here in the US.
And then Disgaea 5 gets a price reduction this week as well in Japan.
So pretty exciting time for you folks over there.
On the Vita this week, that same Sword Art Online vs Excel World game is there as well.
As well as that Kono Yono Hatte de Koi wa Yutao Shuzhou is out there as well.
However, Peach Beach nowhere to be seen on the Vita.
So I'm sorry you need the full 1080p experience on your PlayStation 4 for that one.
On the Nintendo Switch this week, nothing in Japan. At least not retail.
I don't know what their online service looks like. I don't get those dates.
But I do have some dates for the 3DS, which include Monster Hunter XX is out on the 18th.
That's a pretty big deal and you get all the accessories that come with it as well as the limited edition new 3DS XL.
LL as they call it over there.
And then another game that dares to compete against it just two days sooner, Future Card Buddy Fight Mezase.
Buddy Champion is released in Japan this week.
How about the UK?
One thing.
Yeah, too dark for PC.
How dark?
Two.
Oh, the number two.
So dark they made a movie about it.
It was perfect.
Alright, moving on. Let's get back into some news. No, we're going to do the mailbag first.
I apologize. We got to get to our emailers.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com to send us emails every week.
Dark Soccer is going to dive in the mailbag and find emails that are worthy of her attention.
Sticky!
Hello, OLR. First of all, a very belated congratulations to Rob and Alan for getting married.
I hope you guys are enjoying married life.
Smile!
I wanted to comment on last week's episode about Mass Effect Andromeda getting a mature rating because of some full nudity in the game.
Yay!
An email about nudity.
Naked.
I was watching a trailer for the game and it hit me how violent it is shooting various alien races in the face.
This does not seem to earn it a mature rating.
Sorry.
Loki's laughing in the kitchen for some reason at this whole thing.
What?
Shooting alien races in the face.
This does not seem to earn an immature rating.
Yet the sex does. How typical.
I'm sure I'm preaching to the choir here.
Well, I don't think, I mean, yes, you shoot things in the face.
I don't think it's blood goes everywhere.
I don't recall that in the older games.
But it's still violence.
It is. It is. But it's more like the Star Trek phasers never really cause blood to show up.
It's kind of that whole violence.
It should have cauterization burned.
Yeah, you know, but that, I always kind of saw that as the violence in, but I mean, granted, you could set things on fire, you could ice them and then shatter the ice and stuff, but it just, it was like, but that would happen in Super Nintendo Mortal Kombat as well, which was sanitized for violence.
So I think it's just that there's not blood everywhere kind of helps it in that regard.
However, I do want to say that a well done lovemaking scene in a video game does add a lot as it can, as it can do in a movie.
In The Witcher 3, for example, there's plenty of lovemaking to be done if you romance the right characters.
I do think it adds something meaningful to the storytelling.
It would be too bad if games were to shy away from this for fear of a mature rating.
That's it. Love the show as always. Martin the Belgian.
P.S. being a native Dutch speaker, I'd like to inform you of the correct pronunciation of, ah, I was right the second time, stropwafel.
So it's stropwafel, like the ah versus the oh.
I respect that we're probably saying it wrong. However, in this instance, I'm going to play my big stupid American card and be willfully ignorant because I'm sorry, strupwafel sounds cooler.
And I like stropwafel.
If you're going to look for strupwafel on the store shelf, you'll know exactly how to spell it.
Pronounce the oh oh as you would pronounce the oh in hope, not the word hoop. Like it were stropwafel.
Stropwafel.
That actually sounds cooler. Strupwafel.
I like strupwafel.
The word strop means syrup in Dutch. So it literally is a pressed waffle with syrup in the middle.
What's strop mean? Does it mean like...
He just said it means...
Penis or something?
What's strup mean?
Okay, Martin, tell us.
Give us an answer, please.
You know, actually, it's funny. A Dutch person corrected me on how to say my last name. My real one.
Oh, really? Interesting.
But I was like, but it's been Americanized.
I know my actual last name is also Dutch, and I'm sure we're saying it wrong, too, but whatever.
s2100matt points out in chat over at live.vognetwork.com that same reason why some New Yorkers pronounce Mario differently. They say Mario, right?
And that's kind of, I don't, when I hear Mario, I go, oh, it's not it. But then, you know, everybody has a different accent and we have to respect that, you know.
We don't have to respect stupid people, though.
Hey, well, I just because somebody says Mario doesn't make him stupid.
I didn't say it made him stupid. Just stupid people have stupid opinions sometimes and they're stupid.
And wrong.
Like me saying Stroopwafel. I'm going to be willfully stupid in this case. I don't care.
You ignorant.
That's right.
Ignorant.
I claim this name, or I claim Stroop, I claim it in the name of America. All your Stroopwafel are belong to us.
I'm going to say Stroopwafel. Stroopwafel. That just sounds cooler.
Ellen!
Stroopwafel or Stroopwafel?
Stroopwafel.
Ellen agrees with me.
Stroopwafel.
Stroopwafel. Whatever.
Hello, LR. Of course, I'm going to email you guys about Xbox Live Creators Program.
Oh, I already know who this is. Hi, YYR.
Well, who else sends us hello, LR?
Thanks for covering it on last week's show. I figured I'd clarify a few things about it.
First and foremost, yes, it is most definitely the new Xbox Live indie games.
Similarly, there is very little barrier to entry and there will be little to no curation.
Likewise, it will be separated from the main Xbox One store.
Just as with Xbox Live indie game XBLIG. I'm going to call it XBLIG because it's fun.
Games published on the service will not be allowed to have achievement.
As far as peer review, nothing has been announced yet regarding this, but I have a hard time believing there will be no peer review or final approval of any kind.
Otherwise, games can be released with crash bugs, inappropriate content, copyrighted material, etc.
I have a feeling there will be something.
XBLIG. It's just funny calling it XBLIG.
Titles were allowed to have Xbox Live multiplayer features.
Interestingly, titles published through this new program will not.
Games featuring online multiplayer will have to be published via ID at Xbox instead.
However, one Xbox Live feature we will now have access to is leaderboards.
XBLIG previously did not allow these.
Having a portfolio consist mostly of arcade style games makes this relevant to my interests.
One major difference this time is that Microsoft is not giving a specific development software as they did with XNA last time.
To create these games, we can use anything that can produce UWP or Universal Windows Platform apps.
This includes frameworks like Unity and MonoGame.
MonoGame, by the way, is an open source replacement for XNA.
Porting XNA games to MonoGame generally takes a negligible amount of time.
So XBLIG ports are definitely going to be a thing.
I have already ported several of my own games to the MonoGame framework.
There's no need to recreate them or reinvent the wheel.
Speaking of those games, it is too early to make any announcements.
I can't even get into the program yet, but I guarantee you we'll see bungee ferret tossing again.
Maybe with added construction cranes and more ninjas. And more blood. A lot more blood.
We have to use that extra blood.
And nudity.
They just need to be random boobs.
Although, sadly, nudity would probably get him booted from the program.
He can put as much fake pixel blood as he wants in there, but the minute somebody in the background is like,
I love you ferret, and whips her tits out, it's going to get declined in the peer review.
We just need to have a space where that can go.
I understand that usually when you think of nudity, it's like adult games.
But I want, like, why can't we just have a decent game that also has nudity?
If nothing else, ladies in white bikinis, and men in white bikinis too, to be fair,
because we're equal opportunity here, shooting each other with squirt guns in the background.
Because at least you know that's okay.
A lot more blood, and we have to use that extra power somehow, right?
Please look forward to it.
I'm probably still heading home from round one while you're reading this,
but if you have more questions, I'll hear them out on the podcast.
Have a great week, Erin Yyr.
And moving on to the next email, if we're ready.
Hey, OLR crew, AZHP here.
On last week's show, you all mentioned that people should complain to the Better Business Bureau
when Amazon did not fulfill their launch day delivery switch promises.
While I'm all for consumer protection, the Better Business Bureau is not necessarily the best place to go
when that protection is necessary.
The reason for this is that the BBB is not actually any sort of governing entity,
but is basically a more official sounding Yelp, long before Yelp was a thing.
However, since the popular belief is that the BBB has some kind of authority,
BBB used this as leverage to make companies pay them to increase their rating.
It's extremely devious, and basically the business equivalent of the infamous
engagement ring must be two months salary, marketing campaign,
originated by DBears, which is so ingrained in the public consciousness
that people believe it to be an infallible rule.
I will also point out offhand, though, that having that review does reflect on the business,
so I'll go ahead and keep going.
Honestly, the best thing you can do in this case as a consumer
is that if you were affected, complain to Amazon's customer service.
You'll probably get a month extension on your Prime membership,
and a 10% refund on your order. $30 is nothing to sneeze at.
Meanwhile, I'm enjoying Zelda on my Wii U.
Sure, it's only 720p, but the framerate is the same as the game is on Switch in console mode,
although the portable mode apparently runs at a higher framerate.
I can explain this in a future email if you're interested in the technical details.
Sure, I can't play it on the Bart going to work or on my lunch break,
but I didn't have to purchase or anxiously wait for another console to arrive in time for me to play it.
You're truly AZHP.
That's fascinating about the Better Business Bureau, and I honestly didn't know that,
especially the whole fact that it's just basically an old-school type of Yelp service.
I understand every time I read Yelp, I'm only going to see the bad stuff,
and the good stuff is probably a question mark, because it's probably the friends and relatives that wrote that,
and then people only go on that site to write reviews and they have problems,
so I understand there's issues with Yelp.
But the whole thing with Better Business Bureau, I thought there was a thing where you,
and I'm actually seeing it in chat, too.
SG100Matt says, the thing about BBB is that businesses have to respond to any claim against it.
If they have no power when it comes to governing or whatever, how does a business have to respond to it?
Or is that the whole, I guess, like, gotcha with the money thing that he's kind of referencing there?
Well, it's like SEO, you know, if you don't respond to it, it's still your name of your business,
and it shows up in a source that people think is reputable.
Which is kind of the same strong army that Yelp does, which is kind of making them controversial in a way.
Well, that's fascinating, but I just, here's the thing, so, okay, so you know something I didn't there about that,
so thank you for sharing about that, but I just, I kind of disagree when it's the whole,
well, then the only avenue is to go to Amazon customer service and accept the pitillants that they give you,
you know, a month free of their own service type of thing.
It's kind of one of those things where it's like, all I really wanted in this scenario,
and honestly, I haven't checked in the past week to see if this has happened,
so I'm going to just say that up front. I don't know if this happened.
ActDeft, I know you got screwed by Amazon, so I'm curious if you got this.
Did Amazon, like, accept responsibility and apologize in that?
Did they accept responsibility and apologize?
I don't mean some person in customer service that's paid to do that on every single call.
Did the corporation accept responsibility and apologize and tell us how it's not going to happen again,
and what they're going to do different next time?
That's what I'm curious about. ActDeft in chat says not really, no.
That's the only thing I really want in this scenario, I think,
you know, is that Amazon needs to have their feet held to the fire a little bit
before we consider purchasing another system through them in the future.
I mean, disclosure, sorry, just disclosure, I had no issue with Amazon.
I got my switch through them, and I had no issue, but I understand a lot of other people did,
and so I think that's messed up for the people that also did the same thing I did. Sorry, Judy.
I was just going to say, I think that given how huge a company Amazon is,
they may not even care if it makes them look bad, you know?
I don't expect them to put anything out about this.
I kind of always thought that wasn't the case with Amazon, though,
that they were very, like, customer service oriented,
because don't they own that shoe site, Zappos or whatever?
I think they bought them.
Zappos is a huge thing as customer service.
That's like a huge thing for Zappos.
Right, but Amazon is like the everything store now.
Like maybe 10 years ago they would have cared, but now, I mean,
they just have so many different things that I don't think it's a big deal to them.
But don't forget, everything we said at the top of the show,
everything we said at the top of the show this week about Twitch and Amazon Company.
Alright.
Something to think about. Anyway, thank you very much for the email.
And all the emails, that was it tonight, yes?
Participate at orangelauntrader.com if you would like to email us in the future.
In the meantime, we still have some news to catch up on
before we get to your calls at Orange Lounge Radio. Loki.
Alright. So, No Man's Sky's getting an update.
And No Man Cares.
I haven't played it even before the last update, so.
Well, here's the thing. You know how PlayStation 4 got that boost mode this week?
Okay, so it doesn't do anything for Overwatch, but I wasn't expecting it to,
because I think Overwatch was after the pro was out anyway.
But I heard that No Man's Sky...
No Overwatch wasn't when the pro was out?
Well, I thought it supported the pro, but only like 4K menus.
It doesn't really enhance the game. Anyway, that stuff aside,
I heard that No Man's Sky gets a boost out of this boost mode,
so I do want to go back and check out that game now that boost mode is a thing.
I haven't tried playing Final Fantasy XV, I'm feeling a little shafted on this pro thing.
How about XIV? Oh, you don't play XIV on PS4 though?
But I heard that XIV also got a boost from this, so I guess I need to go back and check out that one.
So, anyway.
Anyway, so the Pathfinder update was a new update that's coming out,
and it's, I guess, some of the updates along with that.
On the PC version, it's going to allow players to share bases online through the online Steam workshop,
and also letting other people use and discover those bases and customize outposts.
Also, there's an Exocraft vehicle that's coming.
So, can you drive that?
That's what it sounds like. It sounds like it's a little moon buggy type of thing,
like the Mako in Mass Effect, but hopefully more drivable.
That's pretty cool. And then they said also that there's going to be ground, I guess, with a ground transport,
are going to be able to, that's one of the things that's coming with the ground transports,
and then you can also mine the store resources with the bases.
They're supposed to be adding a photo mode and improving the visuals for 4K on the PlayStation 4 Pro,
and better rail solutions on the PlayStation 4 and PC, including a permadeath mode, multi-tool specializations, and ship classes.
I'll tell you what, I'll play this game when they're done patching it.
I mean, like, I think I'll just start over, because I don't remember what I was doing, and fuck if I care anyways.
I'll start over when it's fun to play again.
Like, it's not just this inventory management hell, which I think it's gotten better, but it'll be nice, there'll be a whole new game again.
So you're saying, wake me up when the final version's out.
Exactly. Wake me up when the game of the year, okay, when it's complete edition.
Well, yeah, and to Hello Games' credit, they're not charging for any of this.
Yeah, exactly.
Because, oh my god, I can't even imagine.
It was a $60 game, they better not be fucking charged for any of this.
I can't even imagine the tweets they'd be getting if they were.
That would be very upsetting.
Alright, well good luck to them in putting that game together, and who knows, maybe they can turn it around like Diablo 3 got turned around.
If they fix Diablo 3 in the original Final Fantasy XIV, anything's possible.
Anyhow, Final Fantasy VII Remake, hopefully that's a good game when it comes out, but y'all better be ready for some changes.
This probably isn't going to surprise anybody, but Tetsuya Nomura mentioned in an interview with Famitsu this week that showed off some new Final Fantasy VII Remake screenshots, there will not be the battle system that you're used to in the original. That's gone.
Of course not, because they ripped the whole engine from XV.
Yeah, they don't confirm that, and they don't really talk about what the system is that's replacing it, but I mean, you look at these screenshots, it's like this was built in XV's engine very, very clearly.
It was, and even the stupid, remember in the whole shimmying along the little narrow wall areas and stuff like that, they have the same animation in the VII demo video thing that they add online.
So it's obviously in the XV engine, that's why they're not there, it's like, fuck, we don't want to implement a new battle system, we'll just use the one we fucking have.
What's worrying me about this is that it talks about how there's cover, and in an explanation, this is coming through a translation however, but in an explanation Nomura said,
in the story, in situations where you're sneaking around, you won't just be able to march down the middle of the path. The original version had random encounters, and such parts were in the realm of imagination.
But since this title is seamless, and you see the path that you're infiltrating, I decided it was necessary for the sake of realism. So you have stealth type of things instead of random encounters.
That sounds fucking awful, especially considering how chapter 13 in Final Fantasy XV turned out, which, spoiler alert, heavily involved stealth. And it was awful.
So, this concerns me big time. However, seeing as we only have a couple screenshots to go off of, and a translated quote, I'll give this a benefit of the doubt, I'm not going to come out and say, worst game ever, I'm over it, fuck it, you know, I'm not going to say any of that.
Just, I have concerns that I hope will be alleviated when there is a demo for this game, or some type of something more playable, which I'm imagining will have to be this year's E3, we'll really start to see more about this.
Well didn't they fix chapter 13, or are they going to fix chapter 13?
I think it is dated around the Gladio DLC release.
So maybe if they're fixing whatever the problem was, then they're going to fix it for this, or I don't know what exactly they're fixing, because I still haven't played past chapter 1.
Let's hope. Let's hope. So, anyway, I do want to say that also it was pointed out that you could just run into enemies and fight them if you prefer, but Barret can use cover as well, there's a special element in Gunners, but they're not saying anything on it yet.
There's also a screenshot out there of Cloud and Barret actually fighting the first boss in the game, which is, you know, you might remember from the original Final Fantasy VII, but it's totally different now, everything is different.
So, are they still, are they actually going to release this game as Final Fantasy VII Remake? Is that the actual name they're going to put on the box and sell it as? That's a weird name to me. Why don't they just call it Final Fantasy VII, or Reimagined or something?
Or Alterna VII. Or just 2017 edition, I don't know, it's weird to me. By the way, I'll just mention it here, because I thought I had it elsewhere on the show, but I don't see it.
Final Fantasy XII, they've been talking about that at PAX a little bit, and there are some special editions going up on sale right now. The Super Hela Mega Special Edition actually comes with Judge Busts, little metal busts of some of the judges in the game, which you might remember are kind of the antagonists in the game.
So, yeah. I mean, if you want to spend $200 on the Uber Special Limited Edition of Final Fantasy XII, you can get that, but I think I'll just take that regular one that's in a tin, thanks. But I'm super looking forward to Final Fantasy XII. Really looking forward to that. Anyhow, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, there's some news about Breath of the Wild. The whole reason that Link isn't wearing his little pointy hat, anyone want to guess why? It didn't look good.
It basically said, and this is the quote from Satoru Takazawa, as the graphic fidelity has increased, it becomes more difficult to make that hat look cool. As the game becomes more realistic, it's difficult to present it in a way that's appealing. So basically, it made him look like a big dork. Although there is a way to get it.
I was going to say, I thought somebody had shared on Twitter, like they had an outfit where they had the pointy hat.
You have to beat, well to get other parts of it, you have to beat all 120 shrines.
That's a lot.
We've maybe done like 50.
I'm like, have I even found 12?
Some of them are really close to each other too.
Stop having stupid rewards for really hard challenges, is what I'm saying.
They're not that hard.
I feel like a costume throwback is not a stupid reward.
It goes like, was it the metal skin, the gold Mario for being, it's like that's stupid.
You know what would be a great reward is a weapon that doesn't break.
That will happen.
The master sword apparently.
The master sword.
The royal claymore and the royal bow, those have been really good.
But we kind of skipped the Gerudo part. Not the Gerudo part, we've skipped the Goron part.
Or as we've been calling them, the Morons, the Gorgonzola. We've come up with all kinds of names.
We figured that the Gorons and the Zoras were once a race called the Gorgonzolas.
So anyway.
You know that this has the cartridges. I wonder if they can do like a Game Genie pro-action replay type thing with it.
Doubt it.
What I was saying is we're now where the bird people are.
And it's actually interesting. We go into different parts and get things that help you with other parts.
So just the interplay is pretty awesome.
I'm where the water people are. That's what I'm doing right now.
Yeah, that part was cool.
You're at the heffalump.
Yes.
Also, I do see the screenshots floating around Twitter of where I guess if you were Link and you walk up to the edge of a bridge or whatever.
Somebody walking on the bridge will actually tell you, don't do it. There's a lot to live for and all this stuff.
There's so many little intricacies in the game.
Was it the dog where if you run in circles next to a dog, the dog will chase its tail?
Yeah, the dog will chase its tail.
There's just little ridiculous things that are what make this game so great.
Get this. Pick up a cuckoo. The chickens go out in front of an enemy.
I saw this. I saw that GIF on Twitter.
I haven't seen it.
The chicken barrage comes back.
But you get it to attack the enemy. You throw the chicken in front of the enemy when it attacks the enemy.
You have to hold the chicken while it attacks you.
And when it hits the chicken, all of its chicken buddies come out and beat the shit out of it.
And it will kill a Hinox.
Nice.
That's pretty cool.
I can see that they're in a Ganon fight.
Can I use the chicken to beat Ganon? That would be awesome.
That would be great.
Excuse me, Calamity Ganon.
Well, at this point though, I may have to excuse myself.
Sure.
Because I am still recovering, as you can hear in my voice.
Yep.
So I would like to bid our listeners a fond adieu for the evening.
Farewell, DarkSakura. Thank you for being here.
Thank you for having me.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Resist.
Alright. Feel better, and we'll see you in seven days.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Alright, well, while DarkSakura decides to head out for the evening to take care of herself,
we're going to move on with just a couple more stories for you guys here. Loki.
So, Pokemon Go has hinted to have, actually, the legendary Pokemon starting to appear later this year.
Or at least it's been hinted at several times before.
But now, with an interview with John Hank of Niantic,
basically said, I can safely say we'll see more of it this year.
Which could be, you know, more new Pokemon.
Apparently it was out of a German article that was regarding the legendary Pokemon, but...
Or it could just be a fucking cock tease so they don't have any fucking plans whatsoever for you.
Well, see more announcements of it later this year, yes.
I can see it now.
Look, I do like Niantic a lot.
I've lost a lot of fucking free time to Ingress.
A lot of fucking free time to Ingress.
And now Pokemon Go.
I don't even play Ingress as much as I used to.
Now Ingress is one of those things where it's like,
Oh, there's a field over my house, I guess I should go fuck it up.
You know, that's my Ingress playing now.
Pokemon Go, I still kind of roll with that.
And I still get pissed off at all these memes that are like,
No one plays Pokemon Go or no one cares about Pokemon Go.
Because I probably do more walking because of Pokemon Go.
But I can say that and at the same time still go.
It is really like kind of bullshit some of the things Niantic is doing with this whole like,
you know, the legendary still aren't in the game.
They don't seem to be doing any type of live events or any of this stuff.
And I get they got to space things out to make things more exciting,
but they have, oh, five more generations worth of Pokemon
that they're still going to be like teasing over the next years and years and years to be working with.
So, I don't know.
SSG100Matt in chat says,
Speaking of which, I need to cash out of gyms right now.
Yeah, that's the thing that I would like Niantic to kind of work on is like make the gym interesting.
Like it's the gym game is stupid right now. It's really stupid.
All it is...
It's like no point.
It's Rhyhorn's, Vaporeon's, Blissey's.
Uh, what else? What am I missing?
Gyrodos.
Snorlax.
Snorlax.
Then that's it.
Lapras maybe?
Maybe Lapras or one of, no, Lapras got nerfed.
Dragonite's.
Okay, Dragonite's. That's it.
So, my point is out of the now 250 Pokemon in this game,
it's the same fucking 10, and that's being generous because it's really more like 6,
but it's the same fucking 10 that are always the ones that take gyms.
Just wait until we get legendaries.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Anyway, it's just, it's not interesting.
That's the thing.
So, that's why, but I'm not really super getting into the gym game,
but it's like, well, I would like to have all that fucking gold so I can buy things like, you know, incubators would be great.
Anyway.
Teddy Ursa. I saw a Teddy Ursa on a gym.
Teddy Ursa?
Not a Teddy Ursa, the Ursa.
Ursa Ring.
Yeah.
I saw one of those on a gym.
But that was a new-
For like a hot minute.
Who didn't know what they were putting down, or they were putting it down to Prestige.
It was pretty buff.
Prestige the gym.
Ursa Ring is up there in stats.
It's not like the best, but it's not bad either.
Yeah.
You can buff them pretty well.
Alright.
That's my last tidbit before I go.
Hey, by the way, since I'm reading, piggybacking off of something I see in chat,
can we call you, like, can we change your name from Dark Sakura to Calamity Jamie?
I like that name.
That is pretty good.
Calamity Jamie.
That's my sub, Nick.
That's the remix edition.
Alright.
Calamity Jamie's on her way out for the night.
Have a good one. Feel better.
I'm gonna do a bunch of not talking, except when I yell at Dan for going the wrong way.
Well, try not to yell so loud.
Bye.
Alright. Bye-bye.
And last but not least tonight, before we open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio,
I know a lot of you will be very excited to hear about a new Steven Universe game.
That's right.
Steven Universe Save the Light is going to be coming out this summer.
It's a sequel to Attack the Light.
This time it is Save the Light.
This time, though, the game will be out on consoles, not phones.
So Attack the Light was out on phones.
It was a mobile RPG.
This one is actually gonna be something that's available on consoles.
There'll be an updated battle system, fully customizable character selection,
more emphasis on exploration and puzzle solving in 3D environments,
and an all-new story from Rebecca Sugar and this team behind Steven Universe.
This game was shown at PAX East.
They even did a whole little panel on Saturday at 10 a.m.
However, I wasn't there.
But maybe somebody here was and wants to give us a call and talk about PAX East.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, is the place to call if you'd like to give us a call and say hello.
Let's get to the Skype line.
We got a call coming in right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Raginator.
Hey, Raginator, it's been a while. What's on your mind, buddy?
No, hold on.
Sorry, I wasn't able to listen live last week, but...
Well, as long as you have a permission slip, we'll excuse you this once.
Yeah.
But anyway, the reason for my call, you know, I want to bring up two things real quick.
First, although it's a little too late for both the live listeners and those that may be listening on the podcast,
I just wanted to mention that GLG just recently had their spring sale, which ended at 7 p.m. Eastern, 4 p.m. Pacific.
Well, damn it, I just did.
Yeah, they had a lot of good stuff on sale, ranging from the Ultimate Games to Mirror's Edge,
some old LucasArts point-and-click adventure games, you name it.
Their entire library was on sale, but a good chunk of it was on sale nonetheless.
Well, I'm not sure when their sale could be starting. Probably not for a while.
But as a word of advice, just keep an eye on the site and try picking up some games.
I would definitely recommend GLG over Steam, if only for the reason that for the games that are on both Steam and GOG,
9 times out of 10, the GOG version will have the nice little added bonuses of having the soundtracks included or screensavers included.
Because I bought Covert Action and some stuff on GOG, you actually got PDF manuals and stuff that's really cool.
With Indiana Jones point-and-click adventure games, The Dig, and I forget what else.
Moving on to the second part of my call. Since the talk on tonight's episode of OR has been mostly RPG heavy, I thought I would pose this question.
What RPGs did you play over the years that really made you stop and think, huh, you know what?
I never really paid attention to RPGs before, never really cared for them, but this particular game or games makes the genre look interesting. I think it may stick with this genre.
Fuck, I even played Adventure on Atari 2600 and Sword Quest, which is interesting because I didn't transition from Dungeons and Dragons as a lot of people did.
I did play a little bit of D&D in high school, a little bit but not a lot of it. It was one of those things that would happen on a weekend every other month, there would be a sleepover or something.
I always enjoyed the RPGs. There was always a real story in them that you could get into. I think that became especially true with Final Fantasy 2, which obviously is 4 as we all know it as now, but it's going to be 2 for me on the Super Nintendo.
That was really the first one where it was like, OMG, it's not just the game elements where you have that progression and you feel your character level up and you get stronger and all this stuff, but it's like, OMG, the story is so freaking good.
I think that's when I was like, oh, I'm a fan of this type of series for life. And then Final Fantasy 2 just led into things like Secret of Mana, which was also an amazing game.
Chrono Trigger, I know we get into fun banters on this show about Chrono Trigger vs. Super Metroid, but at the end of the day, Chrono Trigger is still an amazing game, and it is.
And other RPGs that we get into PlayStation. For me, it goes all the way back. RPGs never really needed a chance. I kind of get where you're going with the question, where it's kind of like, what's the RPG that really sold you on it?
But I didn't need to be sold too. Loki, JD, was it the same for you guys? Or maybe you still don't like RPGs. I don't know. Loki, what about you?
I don't like RPGs.
I know you played enough Final Fantasy 11, you gotta like RPGs.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I just haven't played any really great ones. I mean, aside from Skyrim. I don't really pick up a whole lot of JRPGs or anything like that right now. It's more of just more open world games.
Skyrim's kind of a weird intersect, because I like sandbox-y open world games, and I like RPGs.
And she'll have a Grand Theft Auto.
Right, and so it's just like, boom. It's just like, okay, I like that. And then Fallout 4 is kind of like, hey, it's Skyrim, but it's futuristic.
You really need this new Zelda game. You really need the new Zelda game, Loki.
I will. I'll get it this week, but I just was waiting to get paid.
I know, I know.
So once Wednesday hits, yeah, I'll pick it up.
I'm just saying, knowing as much as you love open world stuff, this new Zelda thing, you're gonna eat it up.
JD, what about you and RPGs?
I mean, my first video games-
Don't forget to get a little closer to the mic there.
My first video games were Pokemon Red and Blue, so I got started with RPGs.
But, you know, as I've gotten older, I don't have the attention span for it anymore.
Like, all of the grinding and all of the, you know, whatever.
I'm just like, they don't click the same way for me they used to.
I see. That's fair. But that's Pokemon Red and Blue.
God, especially for people of a certain age, you know, the age you're at, JD.
That was like the first game for a lot of 20-somethings.
Yeah, it wasn't at all.
Yeah, so that's a darn good point there.
What about you, RageNator, real quick? What was the first RPG for you?
You know, the funny thing is, I had the original Final Fantasy and Dragon Warrior for NES.
I think anyone that subscribed to Nintendo Power for a certain length of time got Dragon Warrior for free.
But, even with that being said, I never really cared for RPGs back then.
I thought they were a total snore.
But, in effect, my father mainly bought Final Fantasy for himself more than anything.
But, I didn't even play any RPGs on the Super Nintendo.
But, once I got myself a PlayStation 1, early on, I got myself three RPGs.
Wild Arms, trying to think of, it's made by Konami.
Suikoden.
No, not Suikoden. Something Heart, Valiant Heart, Vagrant Heart, something like that.
Vagrant Story?
No, I think Vagrant Story.
Vandal Hearts, says Ronda.
Square Enix. What I'm thinking of is by Konami.
Vandal Hearts?
Oh yeah, Vandal Hearts.
There it is.
And then, of course, obviously Final Fantasy VII.
But, those three, kind of made me say, wow, I've been such an idiot.
These games are actually fun.
I should have been playing RPGs all along, you know?
It's like me and Mass Effect.
I didn't care for it the first time, then I went back years later and I was like, wow, I was a real idiot the first time.
You know, Dark Tetsuya said something about Shadow Run, but that made me think of another, like, I would kind of consider this an RPG of a real different type on the NES.
It made me think of Shadow Gate, which was another game that really made me love.
It's a very different type of RPG. It's not like the whole RPG with hit points and everything.
Some would more consider that a point-and-click game, but I think there's a certain RPG element to it that I really love.
Anyway, Rage Nator, great question. I'm going to let you go, though, so we can get more calls.
Sure, have a nice night.
Take care, my friend.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call.
If you want to talk about RPGs or you want to talk about something else, you want to talk about the Nintendo Switch or maybe something else we have not addressed yet tonight, we can do that.
Let me check in with Loki to see if there's any last-minute stories we want to talk about while we wait for a call at OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Sadly, no.
No?
No.
Oh.
I mean, it's a slow news week and there's no news tonight.
Yeah, it was a little slower of a news week this week, so let's see, let me go to some chat comments here.
DungeonBuster has a good point here about RPGs in 2017. DungeonBuster says,
The first few months of 2017 have been nuts with RPGs.
Tales of Berseria, Yakuza 0, Horizon Zero Dawn, Nier Automata, Torment, Tides Into Minera, and coming up are Andromeda and Persona 5.
Yeah, isn't this weird where, like, I think a lot of people are forgetting, well, probably not a lot.
I keep forgetting that Persona 5 is coming out sooner rather than later.
Because, yeah, Persona 5 is like the first week of April, right?
Was it supposed to be Valentine's Day weekend and then they, like, bumped it back a little further?
I don't remember.
I thought it was for some reason. Maybe I'm confusing it with something else.
But, yeah, Persona 5 is going to be just a few weeks away.
I think it's only, like, a week or two after Mass Effect Andromeda.
So, they, okay, Act Def confirms, yes it was, so I'm not crazy.
It was bumped back just a little bit there.
But, you know, Persona is a huge, that is, like, the RPG series for a lot of people.
So, you know, that's going to be a big, Mass Effect's a big series, Persona's a big series.
Whew! Anyway, we got another call coming in. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey, it's Aranma.
Hey, Aranma, how you doing?
I'm pretty good besides my usual trip to IKEA.
Slowly still getting past that whole flooding I mentioned before.
I'm now putting in new and improved bookcases to organize all my hobbies.
So, Rama, I know you called in with something else, but I have to derail for a minute because you're going to want to know about this.
I got confirmation. I will be in your area the weekend of October 13th when you're not going to be there.
God damn it!
However, Alan and I are currently trying to plan, like, do we want to go, because the ceremony is on Friday the 13th, as I suspected.
She's that type of gal who wanted her wedding on Friday the 13th.
So, we may come in, like, Tuesday, because the wedding is actually in Connecticut.
But Alan's never been to New York and has kind of wanted to see it.
So, I'm kind of like, maybe we need to fly in a few days early so we can be the big stupid tourists that go see something on Broadway and go out.
You know, it just depends how much time off work we can get.
So, I don't know when you leave for your other engagement, but either we're going to come in a few days early or we're going to stay a few days extra.
And I just have to figure out all those details, but it's still a few months away.
So, guess what, Northeast, I'm going to be back in October.
That's going to work, and it's kind of interesting you say that, because I was hanging out with one of my close friends last night.
She was actually going to get married on Friday the 13th.
It must be a trend. Maybe Alan and I will renew our vows while we're there. No, I would never try to upstage my friend.
So, because I'd get beat up.
Anyway, what did you want to call in to talk about before I derailed us?
Alright, couple things. Number one, at the top of the show, you made a mention to the movie Big.
Yes.
I don't know if you know, but F.A.O. Schwartz is no longer there.
That's right. It turned into Toys R Us for a bit, right? And now that's gone too, right?
No, no, no. The location, F.A.O. Schwartz was like much further up. It was pretty much next door to the Apple Store, the 24-hour Apple Store.
Oh.
Yeah. Due to rent, that closed. The big Toys R Us due to rent, that closed.
Oh, so they were not the same building. I got that wrong. Okay.
And also, you mentioned earlier about snow conventions and PAX East.
Brother, let me tell you a quick story.
Can't wait.
This is my first Catsacon. And I'm so hot hot hot to go, whatever.
And, you know, we do our thing. Saturday night, halfway through masquerading all of that, it starts snowing.
And I'm talking blizzard-conditioned snow. And there's signs around the convention telling people how much snow is expected and what to do.
Some people say fuck it, pack they shit, and leave that night.
They were the smart ones. The rest of us are like, you know, it's probably not going to be that bad.
They'll be shoveled in the morning. We can leave sometime Sunday. Famous last words.
Wake up that morning, we find out that Jersey has shut down, Virginia has shut down, and New York was getting close to being shut down as well.
Oh, no. Oh, no. You were trapped in a five-star hotel with copious amounts of liquor and anime geeks.
Give me a break. That was the best convention ever.
Hold up. All that liquor was gone Saturday night. I'm talking about Sunday.
All that liquor was gone on Saturday. Fair retort, sir. You win.
First thing we do is grab our stuff and we go to the CVS, and lo and behold, you know it's an anime con because all the ramen is gone.
So we're like, what the hell are we going to eat? We grab chips and cookies and soda and we're like, we will live off of that.
One of the people in our party, yes, it was like a Final Fantasy party, the four of us.
One suggested, well, why don't we go to McDonald's? We look across the street at McDonald's, even in the snow.
There are people standing outside for food. I said, no, that's okay.
Wow. So when did it end up happening? Did you end up having to stay longer or what happened?
Yes. The hotel extended the rates. They let everyone stay Sunday for free because of what was going on, and then they extended the rate for Monday.
So people were rebooking and rerooming to save a few dollars.
And what was also great was the hotel said, if we were to raise $500, they would give us two of the big rooms downstairs and make it into one so we could extend the convention.
So we kind of figured out where all the con goers were. We were knocking on their doors, sort of like Girl Scouts.
In this case, we're anime scouts, whatever, cosplay scouts, telling people, you know, we're trying to raise money so we can extend the con by one day and get food.
We end up raising about a grand and we end up getting like food platters from a supermarket up the way because it was enough snow plowed out, you know, we can get some stuff delivered.
So from like 3pm until like 1, 2 o'clock in the morning, we're downstairs in the basement of the, I believe it's the Hyatt, Regent, Hyatt Plaza, Regency, whatever hotel, which was really awesome.
We have one section that was DDR, one section was AMVs, one section was D&D buffer stores fighting this, this and that, and just platters of food. So we end up making the best of it.
That's awesome. That's a great convention story, even though, you know, it sucks about the weather, just that whole community and you killed me with anime scouts.
What's sad, though, is it's not the first time I've heard that story.
When I went to Katsucon, you kept telling me about that epic year because I think it would only been like two or three years before the year I went.
Yeah, and see, and what was happening was, now from that point on, whenever there is weather about snow when it comes to Katsucon, if it's before, which has happened, people will go down instead of Thursday, they'll go down Wednesday night to beat the storm.
Or if they hear a talk of snow on Sunday, people will leave and be like, uh-uh, not happening.
That's, that's so awesome. I love that story. That's great. So any conventions that should be on our radar coming up, Rama? You're the king of conventions here on the network with your buddies, of course, at Anime Jam Session.
Zenkai Con, that's the big convention my whole squad, we are so hyped for. It's like the really awesome down-home convention. It's a mix of anime, video games, fantasy, sci-fi, it's a little bit of everything.
One of the guests of honor is Steve Blum, as we all know, as from Cowboy Bebop. Why is his name, I'm missing his name right now, he voices on Cowboy Bebop, but we all know Steve Blum.
That is awesome.
Yeah, and he's also the main guy behind the whole voice actor strike. He's the one that kind of got it going, kind of spearheaded it.
Is that still going with the video games?
I have no idea. It probably is, but I haven't heard anything from my VA friends, so...
Will you do me a favor? Will you poke some of your VA friends and see if that strike's still going? And if it is, I want to talk to some voice actors about it, because I think a lot of gamers, you know, we kind of forgot about it during the holiday and through this console hysteria, but if there's still no resolution, that's not good.
I got you. I will do what I can. I got you on that, you know?
I appreciate it. All right. Well, my friend, I'm gonna let you go, so we wrap up the show, but thanks for the call.
Hey, you know, by the way, we say Mario, not Mario, it's Mario.
Mario's fine.
Yeah, I've never heard it pronounced any other way. It's like anime and anime and people look at you and they're like, who taught you that?
I've heard Super Mario, but I didn't necessarily pin that as a New York thing, just a wrong thing.
There you go.
All right. Take care, my friend.
You too. Stay awesome, dude.
You too. Bye.
Bye.
All right. We're gonna close up Skype for now, but if you didn't get through and you want to, you can always tweet at us, at OLR.
You can always email us, of course. Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com, but that is gonna do it for tonight's episode.
We already said good night to Dark Sakura, but we'll say good night now to our guests, JD, as well as Loki.
Let me first, of course, pimp a good, good cheer.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word. A nice five-star review on iTunes goes an awful long way as well to help spread the word,
because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can only spread those voices if they're here.
So, yeah, help us spread the word.
Five-star reviews on iTunes go a long, long, long way, or wherever it is that you heard about this podcast.
JD, thanks so much for being here and sitting in the studio. Hope you had a good time tonight.
Yeah, it's always fun.
Enjoy playing more Switch. I hope to see you back here.
You said you were debating coming up for Indie Arcade, huh?
Yeah.
That'd be cool. So, sadly, Mario Kart won't be out then yet, but we'll hopefully have some more Switch games to play.
Right.
Exactly. Any final thoughts for listeners tonight?
Um, not really.
Not really. All right. Just, you know, take care of each other, I guess. Don't be mean.
All right. Thank you, JD. Loki, here we are at the end of our 679th episode.
Good luck. I hope you're able to get Zelda this week. Hope Pay Day's good to you.
Okay.
All right. Any final thoughts for listeners tonight?
No. It's funny. I'm working. I've been doing game programming all week. Sadly, it's probably not something you'll ever see.
Well, no.
It's not always the case, Loki?
No, no, no. It's a work-related project, so that's why it's...
All right. So, when you get paid to do it, then you actually do it.
No, it's more for a presentation, but my presentation looks fucking awesome.
All right. All right. That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for listening. My final thought tonight? Pizza. Mmm. Delicious.
Have a good week, everybody. We'll see you back here in seven days to do it all over again.
Thanks for your support. It means the world. In the meantime, enjoy your Switch or your PlayStation 4 or whatever it is you happen to be playing.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
