This week Good Ol' Games continues its improvements by providing universal cloud save support
to every game they sell without the games needing updates to support it.
This is just one bonus to delight gamers and we have much more to tell you about starting
right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 681 for this March 26th of
2017.
My name is Rob Roberts joining you every week here at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show and if you are listening live you can join us in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Just a quick note for the live listeners, our website has been acting a little funky
today because they've been doing some maintenance.
So I've been trying to make the show live so y'all can check in because if you didn't
know you can do that, you can actually check in over at vognetwork.com and you get points
for listening to the show and same thing on the podcast if you're not able to be here
live because you got something else going on Sunday nights, you can listen on the podcast
feed, there will be a little interruption somewhere in the show and then Jason comes
on and says to register participation use this pass phrase and he'll tell you what
it is and you just go type it at the main page of vognetwork.com and you get the same
check in all the live people get, same same, so don't say we don't love you podcasters
but the website's acting funky, I can't turn it live although it just came up as
I've been ranting here so maybe it was just one of those little hiccups while they've
been doing maintenance.
So while I mess with that, I should turn over here to my right and introduce Techmaster
Loki joining me in the studio.
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you?
I have food in my mouth.
Yeah, great, great.
So we got all these radio problems going on, we got a busted website.
That's alright.
You're trying to talk with your mouth full.
Well, how are you, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
So you were telling me about a trip to the movies?
Yeah, I went and saw Lego Batman yesterday because I wanted to take my son to go see
it because my wife doesn't want to go see it and he always likes to go in the movie
for years.
So we went and saw that yesterday.
And it was fucking awesome because it's the Lego movies and the Lego movies are just fantastic.
It was kind of cool about Lego Batman though, minor spoilers I guess.
There's a lot of different villains from different movie series that come out in this
because they go to the Phantom Zone and pull all these bad guys.
So it feels a lot like Lego Dimensions the movie if they were going to do that.
Mine is, of course, you know, Wild Cell and Gandalf and all that shit that are normally
in the Lego Dimensions game.
But they've got a lot of humor in it.
It's just really funny, especially if you've watched all the other Batman movies because
they make lots of references to stuff that happened in those and it was pretty awesome.
That's funny that you went to the movies because you guys know, and I talk about this on the
show, I never get to movies anymore, right?
So I did get dragged to the movies this weekend.
So my buddy, Shane, who comes on this show a lot and hosts another show here on the network,
Power Ranger Pridecast, obviously he's very hyped about the Power Rangers movie.
So he dragged me to go see that.
In the fancy new theaters in Sacramento, and if you happen to be a local person, you know
exactly which theaters I'm talking about, they tore down what we used to call the boobies
because there were these big dome theaters that you could see from miles away and they
were the boobies, right?
So they tore down the boobies, they're gone, and then they put this large, very, it's just
a very rectangular plane building now, it's not as exciting.
But inside, it's super exciting because it has like the recliner seats that full recline,
like I'm talking like Lazy Boys where you put your feet up and all this stuff, which
I guess is the new trend in movies.
You guys have this in your areas, where you can literally put your feet up and lean back
and all this, or is this just like a local thing that's starting to spread?
I imagine the Bay Area had to probably get it first.
Usually they do.
But yeah, so I went and saw Power Rangers in the fancy theater and I liked it.
I know the critics are kind of saying it's kind of a mess, but I liked it well enough.
It had issues, but I don't like super get into the show, obviously the same way Shane
does, but I'm not a hater either.
I'm just like, okay, cool, Power Rangers.
I actually think the best way Shane ever kind of like, not that anyone should have to justify
their fandom, but you know, Power Rangers sometimes get seen as more of a kid's show
because it's like what, the Saturday morning show or something, right?
But I think the best way he ever justified it in that way and kind of made me go, oh,
was when he said, well, people get super into Marvel movies and Marvel heroes.
So if these are the heroes you're into, what's the difference?
And I was like, all right, fair.
You made a good point.
So I went and saw the Power Rangers just kind of approaching it as a Marvel movie because
that's clearly what they wanted it to be.
They're clearly trying to make a Marvel franchise.
Everybody's trying to make a Marvel franchise now, right?
So I saw it and I didn't think it was that bad.
I felt that like one character was way better developed than the other four, but I'm not
going to be spoilery, but I just, it was very obvious.
Like one character was like really, really well developed and like, you know, the audience
really like sympathizes with this person who gets into it and all this stuff.
And then the other four are just kind of like, oh yeah, here's our little one note things
that make us unique and that whole thing.
So and I liked Rita Repulsa.
I like Elizabeth Banks as Rita Repulsa, even though it's like totally not the campy version
from the nineties TV show.
Cause I do remember that I've seen enough of the show to know that, uh, totally different.
But like, I like seeing Elizabeth banks in a different role and I think she kind of knew
what movie she was in.
Like, you know, she, she knew what it was, so she had fun with it.
So look, I know it's, I know it's not a movie podcast, it's a video game podcast, but it's
inevitable that the two worlds collide once in a while.
Right?
Yeah, exactly.
So you might be wondering why I have not introduced yet tonight, Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Sadly, she is not here on tonight's show.
And I know she's very frustrated because she wants to be here with you guys and she will
join us on the Skype line a little later.
But I asked her, I asked her if I could tell you guys what's going on.
She said I could, so I'm not telling you all her business without getting permission first.
But she ended up in the hospital this week.
She had kidney stone, which if any y'all have ever gone through that, you know, they're
no fun at all.
My understanding is it was not large enough to qualify for the little sound thingy that
they usually do.
So she is currently waiting for nature to take its course.
And so she obviously didn't want to do that here.
So fair enough.
So anyway, we send Get Well vibes to Dark Sakura, who I think has been dealing with
a multitude of afflictions since the beginning of the year.
So I want to put that poor girl in the bubble when she's better.
Stay safe, Dark Sakura 2017.
So anyway, we will hear from her a little later in the show.
She's going to call in.
And if she happens to be listening, there's a lot of folks in chat that are sending their
well wishes.
Because again, we do tape live and you can join us at live.vognetwork.com, which Stapi
says that sucks.
And come on, Noel Gus says, oh, no, that sucks, poor Dark Sakura.
And on Mass Effect week two, right, right?
That's what I was hoping to get into at the top of the show this week, was talking a little
bit about the Mass Effect Andromeda launch.
So here's the other funny thing going on this week.
I mean, I don't know if it's the Mass Effect launch to blame for this or what's going on,
but like everything's broken, you guys.
So since we're doing that maintenance, right, over at vognetwork.com, that kind of kept
the website going up and down at the time that I usually go in to produce an episode
of the show.
We don't script the show, obviously, but we do like to have a nice little outline that
says Loki's going to talk about this, then Jamie's going to talk about this.
We like to have a nice little outline so we don't step on each other's feet and, you know,
talk about things twice and so forth, so there's a little order to the show.
Yeah, couldn't do that tonight because of the maintenance.
Oops, I didn't, and they told us about the maintenance on Thursday, but I wasn't thinking
at that time, oh, Rob, you're going to need to get in the website then so you can produce
the night show.
I'm just thinking, oh, good, it'll be done by five o'clock when Bobby's live and when
we're live and so it won't really affect the listeners or whatever.
So I don't know what we're going to talk about tonight.
He's put some things together for us, though, and I've agreed to just shut up and comment
tonight so that I'm not stealing stories from Loki and, you know, he can talk about whatever
he wants, but if we did a kickoff topic tonight, I probably would have wanted to talk about
Mass Effect Andromeda, but unfortunately, Dark Sakura's not here, but obviously that
was a big release that has a lot of people's attention, although, Loki, you don't, I know
you, you're not super into Mass Effect, but has anything about Andromeda kind of caught
your eye?
Well, I watched a 20 minute video of all the features.
When you say features, you mean bugs, right?
Well, it wasn't, some of it's bugs and some of it's just like story stuff that just doesn't
make any sense and like, don't get me wrong, I mean, I've been playing a ton of Skyrim,
so I'm well aware of bugs in games and stuff, but it's kind of like, you know, harming the
series, I think, you know, the fact that this is the quality that's coming out and you kind
of wonder, like, and I know there's been a lot of people, you know, developers and animators
and stuff that have come out in defense of it, it's like, the animation's hard.
I get that, but why wasn't it hard for three, two, and one, you know, and now all of a sudden
it's really hard.
It's just like, especially when you look at like the previous game, it's like, holy shit,
you know, there's been a very severe downgrade in the quality of, you know, even the facial
appearance and everything versus like the other games, but I don't know, some of the
like story stuff didn't seem to make any sense, like the reactions were just like kind of,
like they dial, phoned it in, I guess.
Here's the thing, I agree with you and I don't, like, now that I've spent, and I've spent
a good, like, I think I've spent 20 hours, I think is what the clock is up to, and I'm
only like 23% or something all the way through the game, like, I've probably barely scratched
the surface on this, and that's not even counting multiplayer, that's just my single player
file.
That's not even counting, I've probably spent easy another four hours on multiplayer so
far, but anyway, I agree and I don't agree.
I think at the end of the day for me, Mass Effect, and you guys know I'm a fan of the
series and have been very vocal of how much I enjoy this series, so if you want to claim
that my opinion is biased, I'm using my quotey fingers, then fine.
But I can also recognize that this game is not a 10 out of 10.
This, Mass Effect Andromeda is not going to be a 10 out of 10.
I don't think, though, it's 7.5 or whatever Metacritic's saying out of 10 either.
We talked about the whole critic thing last week, I'm not going to double-talk that too
much, but I think the internet is giving this a little bit too much shit unnecessarily.
Yes, there are bugs in the game, clearly well-documented by some of these gifs and YouTubes and things,
but like you said, there's a lot of games out there that have bugs in them when they
come out and then we hail them as game of the year, Skyrim.
Not that I'm excusing the bugs and all that, it's an issue, and it's one of Mass Effect
Andromeda's biggest issues, and what I feel is keeping Mass Effect Andromeda from being
a 10 out of 10 game, whereas Zelda Breath of the Wild is a 10 out of 10 game.
Yeah, and I think it comes to fandom again, that 10 out of 10 for Zelda, I think a lot
of these reviews overlooked those bugs, whereas in Mass Effect, they definitely paid attention
to the bugs.
Yes, yes, thank you for saying that, because I absolutely believe some of that is coming
into play.
And I don't want to turn to the darker things on the internet, and the whole social justice
warrior versus Twitter and all this-
I don't understand that complaint at all.
I don't, like, fucking quit it!
I'm not even going to say much more than that, my eyes roll to the back of my head so far
I can see my brain.
What was the complaint about it, was it that they're saying that because the social justice
warriors were involved in it, that's why the facial animations were terrible, or are
they talking about being able to romance people of different genders?
I'm not even fucking sure, something about Bioware needing to pander to-
Oh, I remember the stupid argument, they wanted to make the characters uglier because apparently
social justice warriors are uglier or something, and so it's the pander-
What?!
I don't know, the whole argument was very stupid, so I was just like, whatever, I don't
understand what the point of this is, but-
I fucking can't, and I know it's a radio show, but I am using my hand to throw that out of
the ballpark because I don't give a fuck about all of that.
I don't understand what they were trying to accomplish with the argument, and I don't
understand how social justice warriors even come into play at all with this, but whatever.
I'm gonna tell you what it is, I'm gonna tell you what it is with the whole animations and
all of it.
And again, why Zelda is a 10 out of 10 game, and why Mass Effect Andromeda is not, okay?
The reason is, Mass Effect Andromeda should have been delayed, again.
And I know, out of a 5 year development cycle, and right at the end of the fiscal year, that's
the last thing you want to hear a fan of the series who's been very adamant about waiting
for this game a long time to say, but that's the reality.
Because when they delayed Zelda, ain't nobody noting now that Zelda should have been a holiday
2016 game, because everybody's losing their shit over it, because it's really good, and
what draws a lot of people into Zelda are those little intricacies, right?
That cute little fucking dog that chases its tail, the fact that when you walk towards
the edge of a bridge, the guardsmen will say, no, don't do it, don't jump.
Like those little intricacies in the animations and things like that, that could only be done
because Zelda had time to cook in the oven until it was absolutely finished.
Mass Effect Andromeda did not, and that is what's very clear about this game.
Because as I'm playing it, I'm going, did anyone at BioWare play this game from start
to finish?
Because a lot of these issues would have been very obvious, and I'm actually not even talking
about the animations and that stuff, I'm gonna be honest, that stuff honestly doesn't bother
me the way it seems to be bothering a lot of people, because I don't really notice it.
I'm not fixating in on five seconds that went wrong out of 20 hours that I've been playing.
Yes, I noticed in one scene my character was floating when he shouldn't have been.
That was really weird, okay?
But okay, it happened one time out of 20 hours, and I kind of just forgot about it and I moved
on.
But there's other weird shit that happens too, like for example, and I'm gonna choose
my words very carefully here because I'm trying to stay spoiler free, but in the beginning
of the game you go to a planet, and you might stay on that planet for a while and then obviously
the story is gonna take you to another planet, that's what you expect in a sci-fi game, right?
Well you can go back to this planet and continue to do work on this planet to go even further.
Well at one point I did that, I went back to that planet and I did like just about everything
you could do on that planet, or at least when the game gave me a trophy for doing enough
on that planet.
Wink, nudge.
I'm trying to stay very spoiler free.
So then when I go to this other planet I then progress the story and I'm doing all this
stuff and then my crew members go, hey, did you hear?
The base over at the one planet had the problems fixed with the radiation, we should go back
and see what's going on.
And I'm like, I fucking did that two hours ago, like why are you just now having this
conversation?
Okay, let me bring this back to Skyrim.
I heard they're reforming the Dawnguard, you know, some sort of vampire hunters or something.
My god, every, you think Arrow to the Knee is fucking annoying?
After that fucking DLC update, every fucking guard has to tell me about the fucking Dawnguard.
It's like, yes, I'm fucking aware of this stupid castle that, you know, these group
of people that fight vampires, it's like fucking shut up about it.
And Shane was telling me he had a weird issue too.
Like he had something where he went to the planet, the very first planet, and he met
two people that are supposed to join your squad, but they hadn't joined yet.
But then he went back to the ship, even though the story doesn't give you a reason to go
back to the ship, he wanted to go back there because he felt he could progress one of the
romance storylines.
And those people who had not yet joined his squad on the ship.
So there's like weird shit going on with the flags in the game that should be pretty obvious
to anyone that played the game start to finish in some different ways, you know, which is
what you do in QA.
So, and I'm not blaming Bioware or EA's QA department, because my thought is, they're
probably, these issues are probably well aware and documented, but there was a mandate that
that game had to be out by the end of the financial year, and that was the mistake.
Because even though it sounds like I'm being very negative on the game, I actually, like,
it's pretty fucking amazing.
Like the scope of the game, the scope of all there is to do in the game, and that's even
without bringing multiplayer into it.
And the vast variety of conversations you can have, and all this stuff that's going
on, like, I actually feel like this is a incredibly epic game underneath all that shit that should
have been better, like, underneath all that, it's a pretty amazing game.
And so it kind of sucks that they rushed this out, because I think this game could have
been a 10 out of 10 if it had come out holiday 2017.
Probably.
Because they would have had time to iron out the bucks, and it still very well could get
better with bug patches and stuff like that.
Yeah, but now, who's gonna care now?
Because...
People care when they patch it in that new ending.
A game kind of lives and dies by its, you know, release week, or what have you.
Which, you know, for better or for worse, not that I necessarily agree with it, but,
you know, will they slice the price of the game down to 30 bucks and then try to make
the money on DLC?
They already cut the price of the game.
What?
Yeah, I think they dropped about 24% of these.
I saw an article somewhere that said that.
Wow, that's something else if it's already dropped.
I mean, but here's the other unfortunate thing, is that for those of you guys that are rooting
for this game to fail, like, eat my entire ass.
Like seriously, like, as a fan of Mass Effect, eat my ass.
Because I don't want you guys to fuck this up and rob me of a sequel for Mass Effect
Andromeda.
Because I think back to the original trilogy and Mass Effect 1, 2, and 3.
And Mass Effect 1 kind of had a lot of issues too.
And especially when it came to driving, which this game has those same issues when it comes
to driving, right?
I feel like Mass Effect Andromeda 2 could be really, really fucking amazing, just like
Mass Effect 2 was, and then the third game could be great too.
But now I'm worried because of all of this fuckery that's going on on the internet, we're
not going to get that, and that would be a tragedy.
It would be a tragedy if we don't get a Mass Effect Andromeda 2.
I hope they do it the right way, and I hope they give it the time it needs to develop,
but I'm worried that all of this negativity is going to be a fucking snowball down the
mountain, and we're not going to end up seeing a Mass Effect Andromeda 2 because of it.
Because people, you know, were swayed by GIFs and ten second YouTube clips and things.
We'll see what the sales do.
Of what went wrong.
And some of that onus is on EA as well, I don't think they should have done the ten
hour preview.
Especially if the game was only half done and a lot of these issues are going to come
to light.
You need to sell those thirty dollar passes to play, you know, games early.
Pay for Violin Street Date.
Okay, so going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster I think really feels similarly
to how I do, that says I could go on but it would sound like I actually hate the game,
which weirdly I don't because there are things that I actually like in it, but damn, what
the fuck happened to quality control?
And that's exactly where my head's at right here.
Tech2030 in chat says, is it the first game in a new trilogy?
I would assume that is the plan, but we'll see.
Dungeon Buster, with a hopeful comment that may make me feel a little better about things
and what's happening on the internet, Dungeon Buster says, Assassin's Creed Unity hasn't
stopped that franchise.
I hope you're right, I hope you're onto something with that comment.
It's okay, Mass Effect Andromeda, it was a development variation.
There's other things I could kind of get into in Mass Effect as well, and I feel like I
need to address some of these things, although I'm opening a whole can of worms, but I'm
just going to fucking say it.
So obviously there's a lot of controversy going on out there because, I don't know if
you've heard about this, Loki, I know you probably don't follow all this as closely
as I do, but you are aware that part of a big draw to Mass Effect games is that the
subtitle should just be, Mass Effect Andromeda, who do I get to fuck?
That's what a lot of these games are about.
That's what people want to know.
Who do you get to fuck?
Is it everybody?
No.
No.
And that's part of what's happening here, because as a player who wants to play a gay
male shepherd, you have two romance options in the game.
I hope that isn't spoilery.
I'm sorry if, I'm very sorry if this is spoilery.
Gay writer, I guess.
I will not say who they are, okay?
So gay writer has two options on who he can romance, and in one of the romance scenes,
it does like a whole little flirtatious thing, and they're kind of like, they're kissing
and stuff, and then they kind of get into bed, and it fades to black, right?
The dot, dot, dot, and you know what happens after that.
In one of the, I think there are, somebody may have to correct me on this number, I believe
there are at least four heterosexual male love scenes, so females, there are four females
you can romance, right?
I'm thinking in my high mind, there's her, there's her, there's her, and I think there's
one other.
So I think there's at least four.
I could be wrong.
There might be more.
Impressionator.
So in one of the scenes that I caught on YouTube of what happens with the male heterosexual
writer and one of the females, it's fucking porn.
Like it is, her titties are out, his ass is on display, she's sitting up on the counter,
he's pounding her, I'm not fucking kidding.
That's the soft core porn in the game.
Now look, I understand that anal might make some people uncomfortable, and I'm not saying
that that whole thing necessarily needs to be on the same display and all this, but why
is it?
You can do it tastefully.
You can do it tastefully, exactly, because that's what they're going to say about this
whole male and female writer thing is that, well, it was done tastefully.
It's a tasteful Cinemax scene.
There's a discrepancy there.
There's a discrepancy in how it was done, and there's a discrepancy in how many options
you have.
Gay men have yet to be able to fuck an alien.
I just want to point that out.
Straight men, not a problem since the very first game.
You could have your way, it's well documented in Mass Effect 1, you can bed an asari character
in that game, and that trend kind of continues on into this game.
And there's female on female.
Where are my gay women at?
Hey, they have plenty of options as well.
Gay women have, I think, the same four options.
I'm sorry, I did not commit to memory all these different options, but gay women have
more options than gay men do.
By the way, there's a trophy in the game for romancing three different people throughout
the course of the game.
Now, think about that for a minute.
How many did I just tell you gay writer gets to romance?
Two.
So you can't earn that trophy if you're gay writer, and of course, here's the witty retort,
here comes the tweet from the egg icon on Twitter, well, you could still get the, you're
not banned from getting the trophy, all you have to do is sleep with a woman.
Right, because I haven't fucking heard that line over my 38 years of existence.
Again, here's the spoon.
It's just for the trophies, okay?
It means nothing, but.
And drama is about procreation, which is funny because they get into that whole thing, and
I actually thought that part was well done because one of the gay characters feels a
little bit of guilt about the fact that there's supposed to be procreation, but I actually
thought that was well done, but I digress.
So anyway, but here's my worry, and I understand there is a trans character in the game that's
getting a lot of pushback as well.
I am not trans myself, so I feel like I can't really present this in the same way about
how this is offensive, but essentially, imagine it's this.
So I'm gonna walk up to you, hey, Loki, how you doing today?
By the way, did you know that I used to be a woman and my name was blank?
Like that's kinda how it's done in Mass Effect Andromeda.
That's the thing, it's like, I actually was, it was one of these videos that was complaining
about the social justice stuff, and I happened to watch it, and they were talking about that
this isn't the first game Bioware has done this, like they said they did that in Dragon
Age Inquisition as well, like one of the characters you meet, she's just like, hi, I'm such and
such, IP standing up, it's like, where the fuck did that come from?
Just ridiculous stuff.
So it's something that they've done in previous games, but it's like, kind of almost seems
like that they're doing it not to be progressive, it's just like, oh, we're just ticking the
box because we wanna make sure this market's being taken care of.
Funny enough, even though that might not be the best way to come to that conclusion, but
I feel like that's kinda it, like this is where a lot of people who appreciate the diversity
or have in the past that Bioware's been trying to go for in some of these games are getting
a little annoyed, because now it's starting to feel like we're ticking boxes.
And again, I'm not trans myself, but so you guys understand, if you don't happen to know
anybody who's trans, what I'm told is to just come out and blurt what they call your
dead name.
Essentially, that was the name before you transitioned, right?
That's like something that doesn't fucking happen.
Like you don't go up to somebody and just say like, hi, did you know my name used to
be blank?
Like that's just not the way it works.
But you have to wonder, and again, if we happen to have any trans people out there listening,
I would love to hear your perspective on this, if you're okay with the way it was done,
or if it pisses you off and why, because I would like to hear from that perspective,
but I'm trying to represent you all the best I can.
But this whole thing is like, did they have to do it that way so that maybe the people
who don't know somebody who's trans or who doesn't have that in their life would not
be able to get confused?
I mean, I don't know, and I'm not saying that's how they should have done it at all.
I'm just like, who thought that was a good idea?
That was just a weird way to do it, or at least get to know that character a little
bit first.
Make that character, I mean, heaven forbid we go there, make that character a romanceable
option.
And when you get to know that character more and more, then maybe she unveils a little
bit more about her past, doesn't necessarily blurt out what her name used to be, but maybe
explains a little more about what, oh my God, can you imagine some of those egg icons on
Twitter?
What would happen if like, oh yeah, and see, then the problem is like, oh, hey, I romance
this hot female and you can guess what happened.
But that plays into another really bad trope that I can understand why Bioware would not
want to go down that road, because, you know, that's a whole slippery slope of its own.
Or here's what you could have done in the first place, why the fuck did you even have,
like, why the fuck did you decide in this game?
Yeah, we're gonna let you fuck the crew members.
Why even have that in a sci-fi game?
Why are we even bringing sexuality into these games in the first place?
Just have it be a game without, like, who cares?
Because in a two-hour movie that's dramatic, sometimes the characters have sex, Loki.
Like, it's the same thing in space, in a 60-hour plus epic game about drama, sometimes
you get closer to the characters and sometimes you have sex with them.
Like that's what it is.
You just fucking do it the Saints Row four way, which is, you can fuck everyone.
That's it.
Okay, going to chat over at live.voggenetwork.com, let's see, William Murderface says, I know
a couple people who are, and I think mentioning trans, and yeah, many don't tend to talk about
their dead names.
Of course, there are some who just don't give a fuck, but they seem to be a statistical
anomalies in that regard.
Dungeon Buster, I think, sums it up very well here.
This is nice.
The writing could have opened up more opportunities to learn more about that specific character
instead of just putting out a verbal billboard.
And Alex P. Carson answering your question, Loki says, sex.
Just because.
Sex.
Sex sounds like it.
I get it, but if they're not gonna do it smart, then what's the point, you know?
Don't implement a feature you can't implement correctly.
Alright, so anyway, I had to mention some of those issues, and here's...
And yes, I didn't like Saints Row IV, not because you could romance everybody, because
I get the parody of that, but because it's not fucking Saints Row, it's just ridiculous
bullshit, the game.
Speaking of parody games, you posted that trailer on Twitter this week for that goat
simulator game, the goat simulator in space or whatever.
That looked fucking hilarious.
It was hitting on everything that Mass Effect is known for, including the romance scenes,
and I was like, well, brava, goat simulator developers, brava on you.
I'm excited to play that at some point.
I think it came out this week, actually.
Oh, did it come out this week?
The DLC, yeah.
I'm gonna have to check that out.
Here's...
Okay, this is the one other thing I want to say with all this social justice stuff and
all the trans representation and the gay male representation and so forth, is there's a
lot of this negativity that BioWare is getting in the reception because they should have
done better rather than just tick a box.
My concern is, are they going to then not do this in the future?
Because they're gonna say like, well, if we put a trans character or we put a gay character
or we put a XYZ character in the game, we're just gonna get all this hate mail, so next
time we're not gonna bother.
Try harder then, instead of just giving up because you failed the first time.
You gotta fail fast.
You gotta just, you try something, you take your feedback, you make it better.
Not just, oh, people didn't like it.
Well, too fucking bad.
You know what?
You try harder next time.
I am fucking proud of you, Loki.
Give me a high five.
That was, I, guys, that was Loki that just gave that statement.
You know, for every person that comes to me and says, when is Loki gonna shut the fuck
up about Nintendo?
Never.
I'm gonna play that back because you're okay, Loki.
At the end of the day, you're okay.
But it's, I mean, seriously, it's, I think the frustrates me the most about some people
is just like, willing to give up so easily.
It's just, why don't you just take the feedback from it and learn from it?
There's always gonna be people, you can't appease everyone, but do it in a way that
makes sense instead of just, hi, my name is, you know, so and so.
Did you know I used to have a penis?
I mean, like, that's stupid, you know, just have them.
Nobody does that, or at least very few people probably do that.
But I just think there's easier ways to just develop it and more naturally, better writing.
Get better writers.
So, and here's, here's the thing.
I mean, as much as, how long has the show been on now?
Half an hour.
We've been talking about Mass Effect for half an hour.
It's like Jamie's here.
And it's, well, to be fair, I'm as bad as she is.
And for the most part, we've been shitting on a lot of elements of Mass Effect.
But I want to stress, there's a lot of good in Mass Effect.
There's a lot, a lot of, lot of good.
But it's extraordinarily frustrating to see these things that flopped, that could have
been fixed if the game had just gone through another few months of quality check.
And at the end of the day, that's, that's what, like, even, even some of these things
we're talking about with, with the representation of the different minorities, like, maybe if
the game had had a longer QA period, they could have brought in some more gay men, some
more trans individuals, some more, you know, to play the game and give that, give this
feedback that now they're getting on Twitter.
So.
I would be surprised if they don't have that feedback already.
I mean, cause come on.
I mean, they've been doing this for how many games now?
Yeah.
Like, so that should be there.
And I mean, I think EA is a pretty progressive company.
They have staff for-
To be fair, I know EA has gotten a lot of shit over the years, but EA was there at the
very first GamerX, EA is in the pride parades, EA's, EA's, EA's trying to do the right thing.
You know, so I, I can't believe I'm going to say it, but just, just go back to what
Loki said a little bit ago, take the feedback and do better.
There it is.
Ah, uh, William Ritterface in chat says, isn't it the case that we often criticize that which
we want to see succeed most, not because we hate it, but because we want it to do well.
So this is not surprising, which by the way, since I just, I mentioned it, it's kind of
a joke a minute ago, but it's, it's so the case again, listen to this, Loki, isn't it
the case that we often criticize that which we want to see succeed most?
Nintendo.
Yes.
It, well, we criticize Nintendo because we know that they're capable of better.
And that's, that's the frustration.
And it's like, dude, you used to be fucking phenomenal.
There's their games were fucking phenomenal.
And it's like now they're just hitting, they're like setting the bar so low for themselves.
It's just like, come on you guys, I know you can do better.
You got an A on the last report.
Why are you getting C's now?
That's kind of spoken like a true father.
That's the thing.
It's like my, my kids do this all the time and that's, you know, comes with the frustration
of quitting because it's like, oh, I don't want to do this cause it's hard cause they
got it wrong.
Or I know I'm going to get it wrong.
Well, you're not trying and that pisses me off even more than you failing.
Well, not that pissing, not that you failing would piss me off.
It's just, you know, try it.
God damn it.
Um, tiger Han chat says, sky, what do you think of games and comic book movies trying
to shoehorn LGBT characters just to appeal?
I think it's appeal, not appear to the demographic.
Uh, yeah, that's quite obvious actually.
I think here's the thing.
I'll bring up the power Rangers movie cause that was all in the news, right?
The fact like, OMG, it's the first like gay superhero or what have you, right?
Like honestly, it's not, how do I phrase this?
I want to say it's not a huge moment in the movie, although it kind of is during a key
moment as to what is bringing these five individuals together and so forth.
Um, so, but, but what, what I'm trying to say is that the, I don't want to say it's
a throwaway line, but it's just one of those things that's kind of like quickly like, yeah,
that's kind of what's going on.
And then it's like we move on into the discussion and that's kind of, I don't know, in some
ways, I kind of like that as when I tell people that I happen to be gay and I'm married to
a man, I kind of like that they can just go, all right, cool.
So do you guys have a cat?
You know, like that's, that's it, right?
Like that's, that's kind of how I prefer the conversations to go is that it's not a big
fucking deal.
Like if people have questions, I'm happy to answer as long as it comes from a place of
education.
But, you know, don't ask the question like, well, well, well, who's on top in that relationship?
That's not your fucking business.
It should be like that.
It's just like if you saw an interracial couple, oh, your, your, your wife's black.
I mean, like, so how's that work?
I mean, like no one does that anymore because it's, it's such a, a normal thing and that's,
well, well, okay.
Most people don't, when I say everyone, I mean every sane person.
So most people don't say that.
It's like, it's not even a thing that you think about.
And I think we're almost, we'll be there soon.
You know, where it's just like, oh, you guys are married.
Cool.
I mean, that's it.
I mean, that's how it should be.
It shouldn't even be a thing.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm trying to fantasize about people naked.
So next time somebody, not, not that anybody's dumb enough to actually ask me who's on top
in that relationship.
I I'm going to, I mean, would you like to know, I'm trying to picture me naked.
Do you want to just see me naked?
Like is that what we're getting at here?
Um, but okay.
So back to the whole power ranger thing, right?
So actually the way they did it in the movie was fine.
It's the whole fucking internet fuck fest that's going on on like the whole, like, oh
my God, it's a lesbian power ranger.
They, this whole big thing is so this stuff that's going on and the fact that it's like
a adult rated movie in Russia and all this stuff is going on, that's just kind of like,
that's the part where I'm going like, fucking calm down.
It's 2017.
Don't get me wrong.
I appreciate the representation.
I think it's fucking fantastic that this ranger can say, yeah, I'm having girlfriend problems.
And the other rangers are like, okay, cool.
And, and like moving on, like I'm cool.
And so that way, if there is a little girl out there who has some, well, you know, I
need to choose my words carefully here because nobody under a certain age should probably
be having romantic feelings of any kind, but you know, a teenage, when I say a little,
I mean like a teenage girl, who's the age in the movie is having these conflicting feelings.
Being able to see some of that representation, like, oh fuck, there's like somebody like
me out there.
Right.
And this is a battle that continues on for racial minorities too.
And that whole thing, like, you know, why did we have this whole thing with the Oscars
a couple of years ago, where it was the Oscar so white and all this stuff, because, you
know, I think a lot of black individuals like to see themselves in movies and there was
a lot of great talent and great movies that were going extremely like unrecognized and
so forth.
A lot changed for the better this year, but I would, I would, we're not there yet, but
things are going in the right direction where now we are acknowledging and hopefully at
the end of the day, opening up more roles for people that are not just like white men.
You know, that's, that's what it is.
Anyway, I don't want to get too preachy on the show, but that's, you know how it goes.
Go into chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tiger claw and chat says, sky, you heard the internet is going ape shit over wonder
woman's armpit.
What the fuck?
No.
What does she not shave it or something?
Is that a thing?
Gives a shit.
Who's actually free streaming that shit to check.
If she grew up in the fucking jungle, I would think that she probably doesn't shave her
armpit and that's probably historically accurate, which I can't believe I'm saying about a comic
book movie.
But I mean, yeah, somebody's got too much time on their hands.
You know why?
You know why somebody noticed it?
Because it took them out of the sexualization of wonder woman for a minute.
Like I can't fap to her now.
She doesn't, she doesn't, she doesn't buy these products to, to conform to some sort
of standard that magazines has put out there.
I can't fap to her anymore.
That's why somebody noticed it.
Once again, people just giving up before they actually try.
Oh, is it?
Oh, Brad's telling me it's the other way around.
It's because she does shave.
Oh my God.
No one is fucking happy about anything.
Nobody's happy with anything.
Who cares?
Again, stop staring at her armpits.
It's okay.
Cause she has a massive bush under her fucking costume.
See, it's just, it's, it's even now.
Okay.
God, people are so complaining.
I swear people just want to fucking complain about anything on the internet because they'll
get fucking attention for it.
It's like everything.
I broke Rob.
I think we need to move on.
All right, let's do that.
Uh, wait, we need to talk about other games we've been playing this week besides just
Mass Effect and the same man called How Was Your Game?
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, so this week I actually played, well, I was going to play more, um, Zelda, but you
know, honestly, I haven't felt compelled to do it.
That weapon, you know, the weapon damage to something is really bothering me.
So I just, I haven't gotten around to it.
Um, instead I played more Skyrim, so I made it through which storylines now?
So I went through the rest of the actual Civil War storylines.
That's all done.
Um, I think I did, um, I can't remember if I had finished the whole actual, like, Dragonborn,
not the DLC Dragonborn storyline, but the actual All the Winds storyline in the game.
So I did that.
Um, I started doing the Bard stuff now, which is completely boring, but I'm going to get
through that pretty quick.
And then it's going to be on to Dawnguard because I figure if I complete the Dawnguard
DLC, then they can stop fucking telling me about stupid Dawnguard, and that's really
my only motivation to finish that DLC.
So I finished it before when I had mods on there, but now that I'm playing a whole new
save, I got to do it again, but my god, it's seriously irritating.
Um, so then the other thing I've been doing, um, like, because I was unaware that they
have this going on, this whole water festival thing in Pokemon, I just thought, like, this
is a weird glitch, that there's, like, fish everywhere.
And so then finally I read up, oh, it's an event going on.
So I thought the game was just broken, which, you know, wouldn't be that far off.
So I've been playing quite a bit to get, um, you know, as many new Pokemon as I can, because,
you know, I don't normally go near water, I'm not going to San Francisco or anything,
so a lot of these are brand new for my stuff, and it just, it's a good way to kill time
when I have to sit at a birthday party, for example, like I did today.
Um, and then what else did I play?
Um, I played briefly, because I installed it for my son, Super Mario Run, on Android,
so I put it on his tablet for him, and the only thing that really pisses me off about
Super Mario Run is the forced tutorial that they have in the beginning, because all I
wanted to do was, like, quickly install it on there, and just pay for it so that the
app is unlocked, and then go, and let my son just play the game.
But no, I had to do, they had to show me every fucking element from the stupid game, it took
for goddamn ever just to finish the thing, and it plays okay, I just don't, it's not
a game I'm interested in, he really loves it, he's been playing it, like, all the last
two days, so, um, you know, he got that going for him, plus it's easy enough for him to
be able to play, you know, he's just like, oh, I really like the fact that I can play
this, you know, because, um, he can put the easy mode on if he dies or something like
that, and he's almost finished all the levels, so it's, you know, props to them for that.
I think it's worth the money for his entertainment, it's not something I would buy for myself,
but kids like it, I guess that's kind of the demographic, so, um, so yeah, and then that's
what I played, and then, um, that was really it, yeah, I bought a 3D printer, I haven't
Did you, that's right, I knew you were gonna get that, you actually bought it, huh?
Yeah, I decided to do it.
That's awesome.
What are you gonna print?
A gun?
If I want to, but no, I'm not gonna print a gun, um, no, actually, there's a lot of
projects, like, that I want to make stuff that, you know, requires, like, 3D printing
or something of the sort, and so I thought it'd be just, you know, kind of fun to be
able to get one of those, so I got a TiVo Tarantula, which is like a Prusa i3 Chinese
knockoff thing, so it's not perfect when I get it, so I have to do a lot of fixes and
mods to it, which will be fun, because I get to learn the process, and there's a lot of
troubleshooting with those, which is not exactly ideal for some people, but I like the challenge
of it, so I'm very curious to see how that's gonna go, um, so yeah, I ordered it, they
haven't shipped it yet, because they have, they drop ship, and so they'll probably ship
it sometime in the next week, so hopefully I should have it probably, uh, probably a
couple weeks, so be able to try it.
Ragenator in chat with the question, what's the TTP on that 3D printer, Loki OLR, and
if you're new to OLR, TTP is timed penis, which is whenever game makers give you something
where you can create, i.e. LittleBigPlanet, i.e. Super Mario Maker, whatever, how long
until somebody does a penis?
It's usually a matter of seconds.
I'm sure that they probably, someone's already, I'm sure someone's already 3D printed a penis,
if whether I'm gonna 3D print a penis, probably not, because prints take like several hours,
that's a lot of dedication and like, money, I mean, I don't see the need to print a 3D
penis for anything, so, I probably, I probably will not print a 3D penis on there, um, but
never say never, so, you know.
Alright, uh, come on, Noel Gust in chat says, print OLR bobbleheads, there you go, that'll
give you something a little, you've got other products, there's something up your sleeve
you're gonna want to print, you bought it for something.
I just bought it because I wanted to buy something, I don't know, it's either that or upgrade
my computer, and upgrading my computer was, uh, more expensive, so I decided, I decided
just to do this, because it was only actually out the door, I think it was only like $2.65,
so, not bad at all, plus it's a kit, I could build it, it's even better.
Fun!
Awesome.
Uh, let's see, my gaming week, so obviously I've been playing a crap ton of Mass Effect
Andromeda, that's really been the game that's dominating my week, which again, despite everything
we talked about in the beginning of the game, I really think there is like, I, I don't,
I don't know how else to explain it, it's like, there's this fantastic, like, core game
that's amazing, and there's all these worlds to see, and then it's like, it's wrapped in
tin foil.
Like, I, I don't, I don't know how else to, to describe it, uh, I, I do think there's
more good than bad in Andromeda, but unfortunately these bad things need to be talked about,
because I think, I, I really do think when people kind of go back at the end of the year,
we're talking about the game of the year, which will undoubtedly be Zelda, I don't,
I mean, unless there's some big holiday surprises at the end of the year.
Reddit Redemption 2?
That's probably 2018.
Well, I, I, I just, I really don't see how Zelda Breath of the Wild isn't like game of
the year at this point, and why, why it's Zelda and not Mass Effect Andromeda.
I just need to give it more time, same with like Final Fantasy 15, man, all these games
are in my backlog now that, like, I was really looking forward to those, and it's kind of
like, eh, when they came out, you know, it's, yeah, I don't know.
But you know, I think we're gonna look back and say, God, they really should have delayed
Mass Effect Andromeda, and it probably could have been game of the year if it came out
during the holiday, but, you know, EA wants to make, you know, be in, be in the black
for their financial year, so they didn't want to delay it again, but we'll see, we'll see
if that costs them.
Anyway, so I did play other games.
I played, of course, I always play Final Fantasy 14, that's always kind of, even if I'm, like,
binging on Mass Effect, like, there just comes a point where I'm like, okay, I can't play
any more Mass Effect tonight, I'm gonna just do something else, because, you know, I just
need to take my mind off Mass Effect for a little bit and do something else, so I'll
play a little bit of Final Fantasy 14, or there's been a couple other games as well.
I didn't talk about this last week, so I need to bring it up now, but Loki, an old favorite
of yours, and mine, came out on the PlayStation 4 a week ago, Clicker Heroes, on the PlayStation
4, believe it or not, which, Yes, I've purposely avoided that.
Look, and if you don't know, So is it, like, button press heroes now?
Yeah, it's basically button press heroes, square, square heroes, because you get square
over and over as the click.
It's the same game, there's not a lot to say about it, it's one of those colossal fucking
time wasters, it's a calculator game, right?
Just like cookie clickers, one plus one equals, equals equals equals equals equals equals
equals equals equals, so you just watch the number grow.
That's what these games end up being, like, that non-stop night we were playing on the
phone for a little bit that Brad from Pop Culture got us into, all those games are calculator
games, and so is Clicker Heroes, except it's on the PlayStation 4, and, do you know how
that fucking game sucked me into, like, come on, one more time, Rob Roberts, come on, I
know, I know we, you played way too much of me on the PC, but come on, Rob, one more time,
you know what got me in?
Trophies.
They fucking put trophies in it, in a free-to-play game, and so, of course, I was like, well,
I mean, I can get that bronze trophy really easy, ascend one time, that doesn't take that
long to do.
So is it all the trophies that they had, like, in the game before, like, but now with actual
trophies?
No, because there was a ton of trophies in the game, like, the little mini-achievements
and stuff, those are all still there, but you only actually get trophies for, like,
maybe ten different things, and there's no platinum, so I think you could probably knock
a few of them out in an hour, but then if you want to get the rest, you're gonna have
to invest some serious stuff, like, one of them is, like, get to zone 3600, which I think
is a gold, but, I mean, it's gonna take a long time to get to zone 3600, so, you know.
But it's a cute little time waster, again, in between sessions of other games, I just,
the one thing I'm gonna complain about that game is that it doesn't work in sleep mode.
If you put it in sleep mode, and then, you know, wake up your PlayStation 4 later, you
don't get any coins from when it was sleeping.
You have to close the game.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That needs to be fixed, and that's the one complaint I have about it.
I understand why they don't do that, because stuff's not supposed to persist, it's basically,
like, a save state, so you're freezing everything, so I understand that part of it.
Yeah, I mean, I understand why it's happening, but it's stupid, they need to figure out how
to fix that.
Like, save the game right before it sleeps, and then reload it, or do something, I don't
know.
But anyway.
I'm just too, the problem with those games is that I'm too compelled to cheat, and I
will find a way to cheat, whether that means modding a controller to, like, put a timing
switch in there.
Get one of those little woodpecker things.
Auto-fire triggers or something, you know, I will find a way to cheat in that game, and
then it'll be just like, okay, this is stupid.
Yeah.
All right, so there's Clicker Heroes, and then on the Switch this week, I checked out
Splatoon 2 during the test fire, which, over this weekend, I think it's done now, I think,
or the last one might be at 8 o'clock tonight, no, I think it actually wrapped up this morning,
I don't think there are any more play periods, but there were six play periods, I checked
out two of them, and I played a little bit of Splatoon 2, and there really wasn't a lot
to it, because you couldn't customize the characters, you could pick one of four weapons,
you couldn't play with friends, you couldn't really control anything, but again, it was
a free test fire, they really just wanted to test the server capabilities, and for the
most part, for me anyway, it ran fine, like, from the internet does it work perspective,
it was great.
I hope no one bought the system for that beta.
I doubt it, but it's a nice little, like, well, if you bought the system now and you
don't own Zelda, like, what are you doing?
Like, I don't know what else you would have right now.
Much before the movie, they had, like, a big ol' thing about the Switch, where they
show off one, two Switch, that is literally the stupidest thing to show.
That's what they're trying to get the casuals with, is those games, so.
But what happened with getting the casuals with The Legend of Zelda when the first Nintendo
came out?
Fuck that, just playing, like, The Legend of Zelda, it's not casual, it's just, it's
a fucking great game.
So anyway, I enjoyed Splatoon enough, I mean, it was pretty much the same as the first game,
because you can't really peel back all the new layers, because this is just one particular
element of the game.
So again, I can't review Splatoon 2 based off an extremely limited demo of the game,
but I mean, it was that, it was that same game that I got into during Splatoon 1, and
I'm really excited to be able to play this with friends, like, again, the convention
thing is gonna be off the hook, like, I can't wait for that.
I did, okay, and somebody will correct me if I don't say, there is a new weapon, and
some of the new abilities are different, and there are, you know, things like that, but,
I mean, come on, those are incremental upgrades you'd kind of expect with a new Splatoon game,
so there's not a lot I can really say about it besides that, but I had fun that I played,
even though I think I only won, like, one match out of all the ones I played, but a
lot of them, we ended up four versus three, and a lot of them, I don't know if there were
people having connection problems, or just that many people were quitting, but, like,
I don't think I was losing because we were necessarily bad, we were losing because we
kept fucking being under, underrepresented, we only had three people to their four, and
of course you're gonna lose, so Nintendo does, I think, maybe need to figure out, can they
mitigate that problem somehow, can they have a robot that comes in and plays while it tries
to fill the space, like, I don't know, I, anyway.
I was gonna say, Bobby insists that there were no casual gamers when the original Zelda
came out, well, that's not true, there were casual arcade game players, so I would say
that there were casual game players, but.
But not the same way we think about it today.
Not the same way, yeah, exactly, and I think it's stupid to even say someone's a casual
game player, it's just like, can you have a casual movie watcher, I mean, I'm sorry,
you're not, you know, skilled enough to watch this movie, but watch this other movie, it's,
I don't know, it seems like a silly argument.
So I did try to do some of the other weapons besides just the roller, because I like to
play roller in Splatoon, and I can't stand playing Splatoon with motion controls, so
thank God I was able to turn those off, but that turned into a whole debate on Twitter.
I think it's because I play the roller, I don't enjoy motion controls, if I played something
that needed more aim, because I did try to play that new dual weapon thing, and like,
I was really horrible at aiming with it, and I was like, you know what, maybe this is why
you need motion controls, because you can aim so much better with it, but like, when
I play with motion controls, I'm having to hit that reset, the Y button will like, reorient
the camera, I'm hitting that like, repeatedly, but again, with a roller, you don't really
have to aim the same way, I mean, you do for some things, but for the most part, you don't,
so I don't know, I can get away with having motion controls off, but, eh, I don't know.
Still trying to shove it down your throat with the stupid motion controls, it's like
you- I don't know if they're necessarily shoving
it down your throat, then the fact that it does give you like, it's almost like it's
a trackball, like, imagine the motion controls and using the tilt controls is more like using
a trackball, and I mean, you can turn it off if you don't like it lowkey, so I don't think
they're necessarily shoving it down your throat, but it's like, a way to have something more-
because you know, like a mouse, it's the whole keyboard and mouse versus a right analog stick,
which I'm really noticing playing Mass Effect multiplayer, like I played a lot of Mass Effect
multiplayer with 3 on the PC, and now it's like, I have the hardest time aiming on the
two analog nubs on Playstation, like I kind of need a mouse, and so I think the motion
controls is to substitute for the mouse a little bit, even though yes, it's very very
different, it's not- I don't think it's what you think it is, Loki, when you say the forced
motion control thing, because it's just another way to be able to aim, basically.
No, I understand, it's like Zelda.
Yeah. So. Alright. Um, let's see, so that's it, I played a little Splatoon 2, I'm gonna
check out the game when it comes out, I'll get the retail version, just to be able to
play with friends, because I hope, I mean, if it comes out that the matchmaking sucks,
then I might reconsider that, but you know, I guess that's kind of an unknown element
right now, because I would have expected we would have had a hint as to what to expect
with the Nintendo app and all this stuff for the test fire this weekend, but none of that
was there, it was just, it was just, you got thrown in a match with random other people
and that was that. So, I wanna hear a little bit more about how that's all gonna work,
I mean, I would imagine now that's gonna have to be in place for Mario Kart 8, right? Mario
Kart 8's gonna need that. I don't know, we'll see. I don't know, I don't know. Alex P. Carson
in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, we're not gonna get into the mouse keyboard
versus controller thing, it'll never end, ain't that the truth? Alright, we're gonna
do at least one or two stories here, and then I gotta get to Dark Soccer and the classic
game of the week, because I said we'd call her at about 7, but oops, we ranted a little
too long in the beginning. So, we'll get to a couple stories here, but I do wanna do
a quick housekeeping. Next week on the show, you don't even know this, Loki, surprise,
Gabe's gonna be back next week to talk about SacIGDA and the Sac Indie Arcade, I'm hoping
Bree's gonna come too, I don't know if they're both coming or just him, but obviously they're
both welcome, and who knows, maybe they'll bring another friend that's involved, but
we're gonna talk about the SacIGDA, Sac Indie Arcade, which is going to happen April 8th,
so it's coming up, it's less than two weeks away. I know, I've been looking forward to
it. So that's coming up, and VOG will be broadcasting all day that Saturday, I'll let you know the
times next week, because I'm not sure exactly when we'll start and when we'll end, but it's
at the same venue we did last time, and so we were able to broadcast AOK, because they
got us a wired, I remember we had to run a wire out a window and down, but we got a wired
connection there, so we were able to do the stream in OK, so I think we're in the exact
same place we were last year, so if you are local in the Sacramento area, check it out,
it's gonna be at the West Sacramento Convention Center on April 8th, so definitely come out
and check that out. That's gonna be a very busy day for me, because I'm hosting Rocky
Horror that night, and you know what's funny? The after-party to the whole thing is at Cafe
Colonial, the venue where the thing was at the first year, right? Now it's the after-party
is there. Well, that's right next door to where we're doing Rocky Horror. So, the producer
already knows, I'm gonna come on stage, tell my jokes, get things started, and then I'm
going next door to hang out while the movie's going, because I've seen the movie a million
times, so anyway, that'll be a fun day, April 8th. OK, let's do some news. Loki, at least
let's get one story here, and then we'll probably get Dark Soccer on the line here.
We can talk a little bit about the evil G, so GameStop is anticipating that there's gonna
be shortage problems this year as well for the Nintendo Switch, and even for the PlayStation
VR, so they're saying that the demand is incredibly strong for this, as soon as we get any in
our stores, it's out within hours. We anticipate we're gonna be chasing supply this entire
year. Of course, Nintendo has insisted that, no, they've got it worked out, but I guess
we'll have to see, and then of course, PlayStation VR. The PS4 levels, they're expecting that
for the Scorpio launch, that it's gonna be, anticipation's higher or equal to the PlayStation
4 levels, so that's gonna be a problem too once that comes out. The other thing, which
is kind of interesting, I guess GameStop's not doing all that well, or at least as well
as they had hoped. They had a week, or holiday sales, so they're anticipating with that,
that they're gonna be closing 150 stores across the US. So yeah, they dropped, the hardware
sales dropped about 29%, and software down 19% as well, and I think a lot of that has
to do with people buying digitally also. That probably has got to at least account
for some of it.
Well, it might also be some of the same retail stuff that's, you know what's interesting?
I think on the show last week, I said something about how Sears and Kmart was gonna be the
next thing to go away, and then did you know during last week, there was actually a story
that came out that was like, Sears doesn't know if it actually came out that Sears said,
we don't know if we're still gonna be here in a few years. They said something along
those lines that made the investors freak out. So it was just kind of interesting that
like, wow, I need to keep my mouth shut on OLR sometimes. But anyway, I wonder if some
of that isn't coming into play too. Just more people are turning to online. Some of it digital,
some of it Amazon.
Some of it like Amazon, exactly. Especially when you get this bullshit where you pre-order
something and you want it, and you can't get it from them because they're out of it. Especially
now Amazon's doing a lot of that Amazon Now, the Prime Now stuff, where if I wanted a Switch
and they happen to have it, I could order it and it'd be to my house in a couple hours
versus having to order it through GameStopper pre-order, whatever the case may be. But also
I think too, some of that is probably even hardware sales too. Like with the PlayStation
4 Pro coming out, people anticipating the Switch coming out, PlayStation VR coming out.
A lot of people probably weren't picking up as many games because they just dropped $400
on a new system. So that probably plays into it somewhat as well.
Do you think the GameStop's days are limited? Because I feel like we've seen this coming
for a while now.
No, because you've got to have a channel for someone to sell hardware and all the other
stuff that digitally is just not going to work out. And also sometimes you can get better
deals there, especially with Nintendo, for example, not dropping the price of their games.
You may end up finding new stuff. They do have their place and they've also started
to see the writing on the wall a little bit and they're diversifying a lot more. So you're
seeing them get into more of like the toys and like hobby stuff, toys and apparel stuff.
So they are aware that they need to have more higher margin. That's the whole reasons they're
getting in higher margin items that are going to offset the drop in sales a little bit.
But they're always going to have, for one, they're still the biggest player in this.
And they're of course going to make sure that they're going to stay the biggest player by,
they have good control over these publishers. They fucking listen to when GameStop wants
them to do something. So until we get to that point where the publisher is like, well, we
don't need you anymore, but they do. So that's not going to ever happen.
Plus I imagine the used thing still does very well for GameStop because nobody else really
gets into that the same way, right? I mean, like I know others have tried. I know Best
Buy has tried. Amazon has a thing, but you know, when you think of buying used games,
you don't really think of Amazon, to be honest. Like I don't, can you even get used games?
I know you can trade them in, but what happens to them?
You can buy used games from Amazon. See, I just, I, I think people think more
about GameStop. I think GameStop still has done well in, in controlling that conversation
for better or for worse. The GameStop's credit, you with used games,
you kind of know what you're getting from when you go there. Like you, when you're buying
something on eBay or Amazon or something like that, you're not entirely sure what the quality
is going to be. I mean, they may have pictures and stuff, but at least with like GameStop,
you see the disc right in front of you. You can tell, okay, this looks like shit or, you
know, this is a bad condition. I mean, you kind of have that. Plus they have the quick,
you know, seven day warranty thing on it. So like if it does end up not working, I've
had that happen. You just take it right back and exchange it out without the hassle. So
I think it's a little bit more convenient in that sense, but yeah, I mean, there's other
places you're going to be able to find deals all over the place.
Now Bobby Black Wolf is pointing out in her chat room over at live.vognetwork.com that
Walmart is the biggest player and the evil G doesn't come close when it comes to, you
know, who's selling the games. I could, I could definitely see that, you know, depends
on your part of the country. See living here in California, we probably don't think of
that as much, even though Walmart's a big player here, it's probably something that's
much more apparent in other parts of the country.
They're a big retail player, but I think game wise, I think that they're doing more business
through GameStop. Really?
At least there was when I was working in the distribution business.
I was like, you got any receipts to back that up? Cause that's, even I'm having a hard time
doing that.
I can only, I can only go by what, what the reps said at the time. So then again, that
was three years ago. So who knows?
What is it? I will say this. It is, it is interesting. I would also believe that Walmart
is probably a bigger player than GameStop at the end of the day for what it's worth.
But it is interesting to me that most of the GameStops around here, if they're not in the
mall or in a Walmart parking lot.
Well, isn't that weird?
It is weird. Yeah. But the other thing too, let me look at like, if you want to talk about
who's the big players, I mean, look at, you know, who's getting exclusive DLC. It was
Walmart getting exclusive DLC or GameStop getting exclusive DLC. I mean, so that
Walmart gets a thing here and there, but okay. GameStop does get more.
They get quite a bit more and it's because they do a lot more marketing push for these
games as well. And a lot of people, I mean, they, people will go to Walmart, but they're
not going to necessarily, I don't think too many people are pre-ordering physically through
Walmart. Some people will. I mean, it usually, if they say that Walmart still does midnight
sales and stuff and does, I mean, so does Target. So does, you know, it just depends.
I think people now are starting to not necessarily rely as heavily on GameStop. They realize
that like, Oh, internet, I can, I can shop around now and it's a lot easier to shop around.
I think that's kind of what's hurting them more.
Well, Walmart certainly killed music stores and that, I mean, piracy really killed music
stores, but Walmart also had a huge hand in that too. So it's, it's interesting that GameStop
has persevered where a place like Tower Records or The Warehouse or whatever, you know,
music stores you can think of did not. So anyway, I do want to make sure we get to Dark
Sakura because she's patiently awaiting our call. So we're going to get her on the line
here and you can give us a call a little later in the show, but we're going to give Dark
Sakura's telephone a ring right now and get her on the show to check in with her. Cause
I know y'all are dying to hear her thoughts on Mass Effect Andromeda, as well as get into
the classic game of the week for tonight. And I'm hoping that she's near her phone cause
I'm about to get her voicemail. Even though I just checked in with her. All right, that
is bad. Cause she's not standing by your phone. Live radio. What can you do? Loki, you got
something short you can help fill time with here? Yeah, we can talk about the new classic
game of the week Halo. You bet that that's going to be your ass next week. So Nintendo
or I should say Reggie is promising that Nintendo is going to have a big E3 this year. And of
course his PR spin. E3 is always a big time for Nintendo. We look at each E3 as a unique
opportunity to tell our story. We're going to have a big E3 this year. We're showcasing
a variety of games, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and some secrets
and 3DS. Yeah. This was an interview they had with Fox News. Are they going to do a
press conference thingy again? Probably. They're, they're not going to be, um, I don't think
they're actually, well, I mean, they didn't really say they're going to have a press conference,
but I think they're probably going to do the directs. So, I don't know. I know E3 or
EA is not going to be at E3 again. They're going to be doing their little, like we're,
we're doing E3, but at the same time as E3, but not really at E3. Oh, is that what they're
playing this year? That's what they're doing. Um, as I alluded to earlier in the show, when
I made fun of Mass Effect Andromeda, I was saying that this was actually coming from
Nintendo. So there's been some issue with Joy-Cons and they're having some issues, not
syncing or disconnecting because of some manufacturing variations, as Nintendo puts
it. So people have found, um, you know, that when they've come back being fixed from Nintendo,
that now they're adding this like piece of conductive foam in there that's supposed to
help with the signal or something like that. But yeah, they said there's no issue or no
design issue with the Joy-Con controllers and no widespread, um, proactive repair or
replacement effort is underway. And manufacturing variation has resulted in wireless interference
with a small number of left Joy-Cons. Moving forward, this will not be an issue as manufacturing
variation has been addressed.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, black.
Let me, uh, I hate to do this. I got to do it. There's no other way I can do this to
do this live. She's saying it's not ringing for her, um, for some reason. So I'm just
making sure that our phone is actually working. So what I'm doing right now is I'm actually
calling my own cell phone here, live on air. Okay. It's ringing. So I know I can call out.
So we're going to, we're going to try to do this again. That was my cell phone. So let's
try this one more time with Dark Sakura. Maybe she was trying to call us as we were calling
her, but we're going to see if it rings now. It's not even okay. There it is. What are
you eating? And I think, hello, hi, dark soccer. There you are. It rained this time.
There you go. Yeah, it's weird. We're having phone problems, but, uh, hooray. You're here.
How are you? How are you feeling? Um, I hurt, but I'm okay. Usually hanging in there. Yeah,
I, uh, I don't recommend to anybody to get kidney stones. Just don't do it. I'm not sure
it's something that'll just sound device in your house. I don't think, uh, you, you really
get a choice in the matter usually. Well, yeah, that's true, but it's the worst pain
I've ever felt in my life. Well, feel better. I hope, uh, I hope everything passes with
minimal pain. Um, so, uh, at the top of the show. Okay. So we spent like 45 minutes talking
about mass effect and drama tonight. And by the way, dark soccer, I hope you can hear
the show at some point. I think it'd be very proud of Loki tonight. Some of the things
he said, but anyway, I'll leave it at that. But the, uh, our listenership is dying to
know what are your thoughts early on with mass effect Andromeda? I'm pretty happy with
it actually. Although the character creation is derp, tastic, and I'm waiting for the modders
to step up their game. Um, for the most part, I really enjoyed all the characters. Um, there
just been certain things that I've rolled my eyes at just, you know, in game stuff that
one would know as a person living in their universe. I'm like, well, this isn't revisionist
history. Um, I, I was kind of thinking of going after the Turian lady, but I don't know.
She's a little bit more bestie and, you know, I don't want to do like a Garrett's replacement.
So, uh, it's, but she's been cool. She's been like her and Drack are my favorite characters
so far. So I like the Turian and the Krogan. All right. Good, good. What about one thing
we spent a lot of time talking about where some of the bugs that are going on with the
game, are you, are you encountering, are you encountering bugs? Is it, I mean, you mentioned
the character creators kind of derpy, but are you, are you running into bugs that are
ruining it for you? I actually had to adjust my, um, my, uh, graphic settings a few times,
um, because it would like freeze in certain parts of the dialogue and then the mouse would
keep moving. So I was getting that issue happening, um, and a little bit of jerkiness. Weird.
But um, you know, and there, there actually were a few, um, I wouldn't call it a bug,
but it's just a weird animation issue as like if you go up to talk to a character and you
approach them at just the wrong angle, of course the camera tries to move over your
shoulder and then you just got the character there continuing whatever animation they were
doing beforehand, you know, or whatever cycle of animation, instead of having them just
turn and talk to you. So it's like, I'm talking to you, but I'm also scanning this thing and
doing an interpretive dance. Yeah. So there's, that's sort of how it came out. There's some
weird things that maybe if it, maybe if they'd waited just a little longer to release the
game, they could have, um, worked out, but then we would have had to wait longer to play
the game. So I don't know. I would have been fine with that. Yeah. All right. That's, that's
fair. I think, uh, and a lot of people in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
have been invoking the good old Miyamoto quote in our chat room about how a bad game
is bad forever, but a good game. Nobody remembers that it gets delayed. Just like Zelda people,
you know, that game was supposed to be out. I think originally it was like a holiday 2015
game, wasn't it? And then they pushed it back several times. Yeah. To make it, to make it
happen. But now nobody cares cause Zelda's awesome. Well, we've seen both of the endings
for that now. Yeah. It was good. Yeah, it was pretty good. I mean, you've got to get
all of the memories and a few other things to get like the true ending. But one thing
that disappointed me about that is that I was kind of under the impression that after
you beat the games and you've got more game, you know, like, like post end game stuff.
Um, and instead it doesn't quite work out that way, which I would have liked to have
like the whole post game rebuilding Hyrule thing, but it's not meant to be. Maybe that's
the DLC. We'll see. Maybe. See, that was, it was the whole existence of DLC is what
made me think that might be it, but oh well. All right. Well, we're going to, we're going
to go back to a more classic time when there wasn't any DLC. You know what? The game came
out and it is what it is. Either you like it or you don't. It's the classic game. And
then you had to go stand in line to do a return and then find your receipt. Uh, dark soccer
is going to jump into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, Hey, you guys
should be playing this game this week. If you don't, you are ignorant and you've picked.
I, this is one of those games this week where I'm like, this is a 10 year old game. Yes,
of course it is. Oh my gosh. I can't believe this qualifies 11 year old game. All right.
Dark soccer. What is the classic? And it is a classic. What is the classic game of the
week? Cooking mama. I decided to pick cooking mama and part of this, I am actually going
to say thank you to Game Tim who I found on YouTube who does the cooking with cooking
mama and we have chatted a little bit back and forth on Twitter and I would like to welcome
them as a listener to the show. So thank you for listening to us. Um, love to have them
on the show, but going back into the game, uh, it is cooking mama, which came out in
Japan on March 23rd, 2006 and in North America, September 12th, 2006. Sorry, my voice is still
a little icky today. Um, it was published by Taiko, um, in Japan, in the U S it was
by Majesco and, and how regions five Oh five games. It was awarded IDN's best of E3 award
for 2006. You want to know what's funny? We were at 2006, um, E3. We were, that was the
Paris Hilton year. Oh yeah, that's, that's brilliant. We started on that and we call,
we call it that because we had to walk a completely different direction because Paris Hilton was
at the booth and heaven forbid we get too close to a celebrity we don't give a fuck
about and it was like, Hey, I did meet John Cena and that was cool. We were walking like
behind and it wasn't like it was like we were walking behind a wall where she might've been
on the other side. It was so frustrating, but it was also more people are remembered
as the year that we was unveiled the last big year before the airport years. But anyway,
yes. Well anyway, in cooking mama as one might guess it has to do with cooking. Basically
follow the instructions that mama gives you. Um, you use your stylus on the 3DS to do different
tasks. Like you could chop the vegetables and slice meat or flip food or even down to
your plating of your food. So that's, I mean, I thought that didn't touch as well, but you've
also have kind of mundane tasks like pouring the water and things like that. And it's got
different recipes that you can make as well. Um, in fact, some of the mechanics and the
little mini games kind of make me think of how music games go, like where they have you
do things a certain way or cut across a certain way, kind of like, um, um, you know, where
it moves across the screen a certain way. So it's got kind of that in there too, but
now you can, with the 3DS, you actually have to use the first part of the screen to show
you your instructions for doing what you have to do on the bottom screen. So if you screw
up or if the time expires without making enough progress, then it's considered a failure.
And then you get mama pissed off with the caption that says, don't worry, mama will
fix it. And basically as you perform each of the tasks in the mini games, your performance
is rated by the time you get to the end of that level. And you can make all kinds of
interesting dishes in the game. Now, the let's cook part, honestly, I think I like the food
prep part better than the let's cook part just because, um, the cooking part is, it
seems a little subjective and it doesn't always make sense to me. Like, turn it down, turn
it up, turn it down, turn it up. Like, make up your mind. You're supposed to do it all
at certain times anyway. And like, some of the ingredients are kind of bizarre to me,
but hey, it is what it is. Like, I don't put cucumbers on a sandwich. Um, and then you
can, um, you know, basically it's just all these different modes in that you combine
things, you cook things, you chop things, like bring skills like peeling and stewing
and all of that. And some of the dishes in the game, honestly enough, are really pretty
good. Um, I may or may not have used a couple of inspirations in the past, although I'll
be honest, I've gone back and looked up other recipes myself. So, um, Cooking Mama was actually
considered kind of average, um, when it released. Um, Famitsu gave it a 28 out of 40. Um, it
was, though, considered to be a great title for being a budget title. Um, it was $20 at
release, it was pretty inexpensive and a very solid and replayable game. Um, and it really
is something that you can sit down and play casually. Like, you can do a few recipes here
and then save it, and then do a few recipes other and save it. So, um, the first game
Cooking Mama made, uh, they actually sold over 500,000 copies in the US, and, um, that's
as of August 15th, 2007, and over a million in the TAO regions. So, um, and believe it
or not, Miley Cyrus was a big fan of the series. She came in like a Cooking Mama.
That's so random.
Now, here's the fun thing. You remember, cause we even made fun of this on the show, when
PETA had their, their panties in a bunch over it.
Yes, I do remember that.
It was Cooking Mama, Mama kills animals. And so, the press release response was hilarious.
It's Mama saying, I would never put rat in my ratatouille, and pointed out the vegetarian
recipes. And then PETA kinda got their panties unplifted when Gardening Mama came out.
So, I know, right?
It's funny.
So, there, there were sequels. Um, one of, um, one of them was Cooking Mama Cook-Off.
It came out, um, for the Wii, and it used the Wiimote for the cooking, kinda like how
the, uh, the surgery, the surgery game, by the way, stopped using the Wiimote, I'm just
saying. And then we got another DS game, which is Cooking Mama to Dinner with Friends.
And it has, like, different mini-games and other modes. On top of that, it has Mama speaking
with a very, very thick accent. So, um, there's also Cooking Mama World Kitchen for Wii.
Um, and then there is another DS sequel, Cooking Mama 3 Stop and Chop, um, that came out, um,
in October 2009. Uh, Mama has been in other games too, like Babysitting Mama. Did you see
that baby thing that comes with it? It's creepy.
Yeah, it's super creepy.
And then Crafty Mama, Gardening Mama.
Where she teaches you, she teaches you how to cook crack.
And then Gardening Mama 2, Forest Friends. There is also Cooking Mama 4, Kitchen Magic
for the 3DS, and Cooking Mama 5, Bon Appetit. And there's also kind of a pseudo-sequel called
Cooking Mama Sweet Shop that was on the 3DS as well. Um, now, what I would like to stop
and reference for a moment is that it, believe it or not, it kind of has gameplay items in
common with a Super Nintendo era game. And that game was called, um, Multiple-Chan No
Wonder Kitchen. And I had to bring this up because I actually have played a little bit
of this game. I had it on an emulator way back in the day and I was like, eh, it's cute.
Basically, Multiple-Chan No Wonder Kitchen, um, was one of those advertising games, you
know, like how Joki Doki Panic was and all that. It was sponsored by, um, Aji no Moto,
um, the company that does, like, they sell, like, MSD additive and, and like some brands
of dashi. They're basically kitchen, uh, condiments. And this game came out in 1993 for the
Super Famicom. It was cut in, uh, sorry, point and click. And you even got, like, seals
for their brand of mayonnaise or something to get the game. Um, but the cooking aspect
of the game, the meal preparation is more than a little bit similar to Cooking Mama
and it makes me think that that was where the idea for Cooking Mama came from, if that
makes sense. Yeah. Now, I'm trying to find some of the Cooking Mama recipes so I can
tell you what's in there because it actually, it's fairly international. Um, I, I will say
from all of the, um, uh, watching Cooking with Dog and, uh, you know, just my own hunt
down of recipes and what I know about Japanese cooking is that, um, it, um, really is very
still, I'd say, Japanese oriented for the style of cooking and ingredients. Um, but
I was trying, hopefully trying to find some of the, the recipes in it. Like, I know that
you can do Salisbury steak or potato salad or, um, pizza. Um, and then of course there's,
uh, okonomiyaki I think was one. You can do instant ramen. But, but the best part, the
best part Dark Saga is when you fuck up the food, what happens? Mama has to fix it. Don't
worry, Mama will fix it. Exactly right. Ok, so here's, here's some of the other episodes
in here. So you can do, um, ogakodon in there, which is like one of my favorite ever Japanese
dishes. Although it calls it chicken and egg rice bowl. You have, uh, chicken and tomato
sauce. You have wontons, you have soba, uh, agidashi doku is in it. You get a US one.
So there's all kinds of stuff. It's really great. And yeah, but, but can Mama fix my
life? Cause it's pretty broken. I don't think your life is broken. Tiny Mama. You did even
better than Mama. That's very sweet of you to say. It doesn't affect it when. Alright.
You give me Mama to fix America. Anything else to say about Cookie Mama, the game of
the week? I am super hungry and I'm actually going to be making something tonight in my
kitchen. There, oh, well, and if you fuck it up, don't worry, Dan will have to clean
it up. Dan will fix it. No, I'm a good cook. I'm making, um, uh, nut bread. Mmm, yummy.
We'll save some for next week. We have guests here in studio next week, so save some. We'll
see about, we'll see about that. Alright. Alright, well, uh, Dark Saga is joining us
and that was the classic game of the week, Cooking Mama, um, available on the 3DS, which
I'm sure a lot of you guys have played. If you haven't, you should go check it out and
don't worry if you fuck it up, Mama will fix it. One last little thing that I think is
worth mentioning. You know that, um, uh, ragtime piano player whose site reads video game
music? Yeah. There's one of him doing the Cooking Mama theme. Oh, that's funny. Yeah,
cause you can kind of hear that in the background. It's really cool. It's like a ragtime piano
theme that plays during the whole game. Exactly, so it's, it's, and once he starts doing improvisation
it's amazing, but I think that's worth a listen as well. Very cool. Alright, well, Dark
Saga, I'm going to let you go so we can get to break, but, uh, feel better, okay, and
then, uh, have fun cooking tonight. Thank you, have fun breaking things. We will, bye.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and take a break. Uh, when we come back though, with
more of Orange Lounge Radio, lots more news because we barely scratched the surface on
news, right? So we have a lot more news to come up. Yes. When we come back to the show
and of course your calls as well, uh, over Orange Lounge Radio on Skype and we will get
to the mailbag as well. I know we have at least one email we got to get to tonight.
There might've been more too, so we'll get to all that when we come back after this break
with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 681 for
March 26th of 2017. If you're just joining us over at VOG Network, you missed a fun little
spirited discussion about Mass Effect Andromeda at the beginning of the show and talking
about some other games from this week. Talking a little bit about Nintendo needing to amp
up supplies to the Switch and some of the things the GameStop's going through this week.
But we've got some more news to come, right, Loki? Yes we do. So we can talk a little bit
about rumors because everybody loves rumors. Yay! Rumor has it. And these are all, these
are all Activision rumors. Oh boy. So, uh, the first one, which actually I believe did
get confirmed, was that Destiny 2 was supposed to be out in September. When we say got
confirmed, like Activision said? I want to say I saw on Twitter there was someone that
was in the know, I can't remember who it was, this was a while ago, I saw this on,
someone saw, it was a poster that got leaked out there, and then there was someone that
did confirm. Way to ruin E3. There was going to be an announcement. So, yeah, interesting.
So Destiny 2, that'll be something we can hopefully expect this year. So in September.
In September. Cool. And this is according to a poster. And that's the whole, we knew
it was coming because they had that whole discussion about that you can't transfer your
characters, anything besides like cosmetic stuff. And we knew it was coming this year
because they did announce that it was coming in the fall. Yeah. So, I mean, it makes sense
because Destiny 1 came out in September, so, sure. But that was, god, almost three, four
years ago at this point, right? Has it been that long? It has been a little while. It's
been over a year, probably three years ago. Probably three years ago. The other rumor
is another also promotional piece, and this is a promotional poster or something for Call
of Duty World War II. So kind of saying that this would take Call of Duty back to its roots,
so kind of pulling a fucking, you know, EA and Battlefield 1, you know, now let's take
it back because our modern or future warfare shit just ain't flying. Let's just take it
back to modern warfare. Let's just go back to our roots. Just go back to modern warfare,
just do a modern warfare four. Let's just go back and punch some Nazis in the face.
And just do it. World War II, Call of Duty was still fun, so I'm down to check that out.
I do like the modern warfare games, though, because I got spoiled after I played, you
know, the old ones, so we'll see. I'm curious. Stoppy in chat says, I do miss World War II
shooters. So there you go. Yeah, and everyone was sick of them for a while. It just proves
you got to, like, give it some time, you know, space that shit out. All right. Some other
stuff we can talk about. Let's talk about Sony. So there's another rumor coming out
that they're prepping yet another revision of the PlayStation 4. So apparently there's
going to be an even slimmer model that's going to be coming out. And this is coming
from Digitimes saying that they're prepping a thinner version of the PlayStation 4. This
is not unlike Sony because they did revisions on the PlayStation 2 and 3 a few times.
I know three went through at least two revisions and even Microsoft did the same thing
with the Xbox 360. So it makes sense. What I what I would be curious about would be
would this slimmer version get the pro specs? Could this be a slim pro? Or is the
PlayStation Pro kind of like it's already over? But okay. Now, one thing I know we
talked a lot about Mass Effect Andromeda at the beginning of the show. But one thing,
you know, I need to mention some positives, you know, because I talk about the story
still really good, the exploration. But one of the other like big positives is that
it's really gorgeous. Like a lot of the scenery that you go through and the backgrounds
I mean, it's like when you're in some of these vaults that you go into is fucking
gorgeous. And yeah, I've been playing this on a PlayStation 4 Pro. Granted, I don't
have a 4K TV. So yeah, I don't know why I own a pro either. I guess I was hoping to
get those increased frame rates. But for what it's worth in Andromeda, it's been a
smooth experience, even though, you know, there's been some of those bugs that we
talked about, like everything still renders really smooth and so forth. So I'm kind
of curious if maybe if PlayStation is going to slim things down again, might the
pro specs be a new standard, especially if this is something that's going to happen
towards the end of the year? You know, the price of the technology should have come
down, right? I would hope, yeah. It'll be interesting to see. Yeah. Let's talk about
Blizzard, I should say. It's also sort of Activision. Sort of. So they got this whole
remaster of Starcraft coming out this summer. So I haven't actually heard about
this yet, but apparently the remastered version is going to include all the same
content from the original game, including the Brood War expansion. And they're
going to give it a graphical overhaul with 4K Ultra HD updated audio and matchmaking
support. And they're saying that they are also doing new illustrations to enhance
the storytelling during the camping missions and cloud saves and custom made maps
and key binds and all that fun stuff. You know, this was rumored during the last
BlizzCon, which was a little bit, you know, it was kind of a lackluster BlizzCon.
They didn't really announce a lot of big, big stuff besides what the Overwatch League,
which we still don't even know much about, the Diablo Necromancer when everybody
wanted an expansion or Diablo 4. But anyway, so the Starcraft remaster was
rumored a few months ago. It's interesting. They chose to announce it now. I
understand there was a, there was an event in Korea that they did this at, right?
There's like an I heart Starcraft thing. And there's another cool thing too, is
like with Brood War, they're also patching that they're doing an update. 1.18 is
going to actually add some more bug features, improvements, and even observer
mode and the ability to rebind keys. So that's something, even if you own the
game, like part of the Starcraft anthology or something like that, you can
actually download that and be able to update your game as well.
Yeah, well, Blizzard's been patching like their games like ten years after the
fact. Diablo 2 got a patch like a couple years ago. So, you know, it happens.
But you guys have to remember, Starcraft is still huge in many places. And, you
know, yes, Starcraft 2 is a thing. And yes, there's people that play that
instead. But the original Starcraft is still like huge. So it's a pretty big
deal for Blizzard to come out and say basically that we're not going to touch
anything with balance. This is just like a cosmetic overhaul and that's it.
Well, I guess there's also some things probably with the matchmaking and the
fact that it'll actually be integrated with, I keep wanting to say Battle Net,
but the Blizzard launcher, whatever the hell they're calling it now, Battle Net,
they're basically integrating it into the same system that used the Overwatch.
Battle Not. They Battle Not. Diablo 3 and World of Warcraft and all that use
this. So now you should be able to see your friends as they're playing the
original Starcraft should all be integrated into that. The HD version
anyway. But I don't know if you were going to get into this. So sorry if I'm
ruining something. But I believe I heard they're going to give away the original
Starcraft as part of this, right? Or like just in like the coming week or
something, you can actually get the old school Starcraft for free. Not the
redo. You'll have to pay for that. I don't know how much you're going to charge
for that. But if you've never gotten into Starcraft, you'll be able to get
the original in the expansion just for free. They're just going to give it away
even though they've sold it for 20 bucks. 20 bucks for a game from 1997 until now.
And now they're finally just going to make it free for everybody. So that part's
pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, I'm, I'm fucking terrible at Starcraft, so I
don't know if anything's going to make me better. I do own Starcraft 2, but I
like all the arcade game things you can do in that. I don't, I'm terrible at the
game itself. When you watch the people that are good at that game, like they
have all of their key binds down. They're like building stuff like it's so fast.
Like the way people move in that game. It's just like, I can't, I can't operate
on that level. I just can't. So, but I think it's cool that they're remastering
the game. Yeah. Like not trying to reinvent the wheel, but like, Hey, this
game is still popular. Almost God, 20 years. We are here 20 years after the
fact, this game is still popular. So we're just gonna give it a new coat of
paint and that's it. We're not gonna fuck with what makes it still a loved
game all these years later. So, um, I want to make sure I throw in a story here
as well, because it's something that, uh, Jason had brought up in the intro to
the show tonight, uh, is that good old galaxy or GOG, uh, also got an upgrade
this week. GOG is, uh, up to version 1.2 of GOG galaxy, which is their front
end. If you haven't used enough GOG, it's kind of like the steam client, if you
will. God galaxy is their front end, which includes the store as well as the
games that you bought. Now, obviously God kind of started with a lot of the retro
stuff, but now they have a lot of more modern stuff, especially in the things, uh,
in the marketplace as well. Yeah. Um, well, one of the big perks about the new
version of God galaxy is that now there are universal cloud saves. Note this,
it doesn't matter which game you're using for any game on GOG. They don't have
to build an extra support for this. Galaxy 1.2 will let your saves be stored
and synced online. So my assumption is it must tell these games that you have
another drive on your computer that is actually located in the clouds. That's,
I haven't used it yet, but that's my assumption, how something like this must
work and work in every game is that it's putting a new cloud drive on your
computer where all this stuff can pretty much be saved. So, uh, and this is cool
because if you ever upgrade your PC, you won't lose your save files. They're all
right there. I'm assuming if you go to a friend's house and log in or something,
your cloud files will be right there. So, you know, GOG has to find ways to
differentiate itself from steam because steam is still kind of the behemoth there
and everybody flips the fuck out about steam sales, but not as many people flip
the fuck out about GOG sales except I appreciate the rage nator will call into
the show whenever there is a GOG sale, but you know what I mean? Like GOG has
its proponents, but it's far outnumbered by the number of people that are still
talking about steam. So, um, you know, GOG has to think of these other ways to
push themselves forward. Um, something else that galaxy is going to be doing in
1.2, there's a new in game overlay, so you can hit shift tab just like you can in
steam and it brings up an overlay so you can have a chat system, notifications,
achievements, and all that stuff. Also a screenshots now built in when you have
F12. Um, so that's pretty cool, which, you know, I hate to say it, but that is all
functionality that does exist within steam, but still good to try to bring, you
know, a little bit of parody and, and, you know, the other feature they said that
was a pretty major feature of 1.2 is that they're going to be allowing users to
that customize what galaxies features are. Um, so they can turn off things that
they don't want to unbloat the client basically. So they can, you know, um,
also they have like a hibernate mode that's going to drop CPU usage and
decrease battery life when you're, you know, getting mobiley or something like
that. An FPS counter, bandwidth limiter, screenshot capturing, achievement rarity,
stuff like that. Cool. Um, so, um, yeah, you can, uh, I think you have to be in
their little preview thing or opt into betas to actually see this now. I don't
think this rolls out for everybody till April, but I don't think they have a
closed beta thing like, like Xbox one does or anything. I think you just opt in
if you want to check it out. Although it might have bugs. So don't blame me if
there's bugs. All right. Uh, look, you have something else for us. Then maybe
we'll get to mailbag here soon. Yeah. We can talk about some of the Xbox one
updates. So Xbox one is going to be adding some tournament features with their
next update. So they're going to be adding support for ESL back tournaments in a
thing called arena. Um, I guess the world of tanks is going to be one of the
first games to support that. And you can join ranked matches and be notified of
tournament progress and see the results. And they're saying that also that, um,
along with that, they're going to add some more games to it later on. They're
also going to be adding the ability to upload custom gamer pics so you can put
your own gear picks on there now instead of just whatever they're offering you,
which is kind of nice. And then, um, they're saying though that that's not
going to be, they're going to be building that from your mobile phone or PC or
even console. Um, and there, I didn't really see how they're going to police
that. So if you see Dick pics on there and then, well, it's a work in progress.
Um, and then of course, uh, with that, they're allowing you to log into a wifi
network, uh, which needs browser for sign in authenticity. So you can actually,
you know, it'll pop up your browser within there if you need to do that.
So like you're at, you know, a school or something. Hmm. Yeah.
Um, and then of course also they're allowing you to filter your library via
Xbox 360 or Xbox one. You can pin items and to your activity feed and auto zoom
using connect when you're using Skype. That's good.
Cause my library on Xbox one's getting really bloated with all the Xbox 360
backwards compatibility and the games with gold.
Like there's a lot to scroll through. So I'm, I'm kind of glad they're,
they're changing that up a little bit. Yeah. Um, some other cool stuff.
There's some, some, they announced the games for games of gold for April.
So you're going to get rise on Xbox one for the whole month of April.
Um, and then I guess, uh, April 16th through May 15th,
you're going to get the walking dead season two on Xbox one.
And then on Xbox 360 for the first half of April,
Darksiders in the second half, Assassin's Creed revelations.
Um, cool. Let's see the rises on there. Yeah.
Rise was one of the launch titles, right? Yeah, it was. Yeah.
And then finally there is also some more backwards compatibility, um,
information including yes, including they have added backwards compatibility
support for Daytona USA.
I've been waiting to play that song for years. Years.
Always. We always need an excuse to do that. Um, so yeah, that's pretty awesome.
And so along with that, you can also, um, I guess stacking and tower blocks
deluxe was another, um, two titles that were added on there.
Who fucking cares? Daytona. Exactly. Daytona.
Sorry to the developers who worked very hard on those games,
but maybe if you included a really catchy theme songs, right?
That's right. Then, you know, exactly.
So you really only have yourselves a blame for that.
Uh, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us participate at orange long trader.com
is the place to send your emails and we dive into the mailbag and pick
some emails to read here on the show. Uh, or in the case of this week,
we have one loan email to read on the show tonight, but it's a good one.
So I'm going to jump into that right now since dark soccer is not here.
I will, um, fulfill as, as the runner up at the pageant,
I will fulfill her duties, uh, as a queen of the show.
So, uh, participate at orange launch radio again,
if you want to send us an email for a future week.
Uh, but this email tonight comes to us from our pal James Nighthawk,
who says salutations from across the pond.
James Nighthawk here writing in from England.
I've been meaning to mail for a while, but as we know,
all know life gets in the way.
I'm writing to hopefully trigger further conversation about the services
provided on modern gaming consoles with some different perspectives
to stir into the mix.
You've recently been discussing the lack of streaming services
and apps available on launch for the Nintendo switch.
I agree with, or at least understand your arguments
for many of the points you have all raised.
However, I would like to offer some counterpoints.
Please note when reading this,
I'm not sure where I stand on this matter yet,
so this is all good debate from my perspective.
You mentioned that the landscape has changed since the launch days
of the 360 PlayStation 3 Wii era.
Netflix, YouTube, et al are now standard parts of our lives.
Whereas back in 2006, the consoles were not weaker
for lacking these services. This is true.
The addition of Netflix and so forth to these systems
arguably extended the lifespans of these consoles.
I for one know many people for whom the Wii was the Netflix machine
after the charm of Wii Sports started to wane.
However, I proffer that the landscape has changed further still.
Many televisions have built-in streaming services.
The likes of Roku, Amazon, Fire Stick, Apple TV, and so on
each offer cheap, quick methods for streaming.
Running a games console for Netflix
is arguably a needless use of electricity for many people
when a light device with a convenient remote control
or a built-in smart TV app does the job better.
Not to mention the phones, tablets, laptops, and so forth many of us have.
Let us consider the Kindle. No, not the Kindle Fire,
the humble Kindle. Kindle, the e-reader.
The Kindle of today does less than the older Kindles.
My first Kindle had an experimental browser.
The experiment, I can only assume,
was to see how long the average person would use it
before rolling their eyes, guffawing comically,
and grabbing any other device to browse the internet.
It was slow, monochrome, and unresponsive.
It was a concept, a bad concept, that went no further.
The Kindle does one thing. It does books, and it does books well.
When I read on my tablet, notifications tempt me away.
The ease of access to social media is omnipresent.
Distractions, distractions, distractions.
Equally, a tablet hasn't the right kind of screen for reading lengthy texts in bed,
nor are they light enough to hold in one hand for hours at a time.
The Kindle does one thing, and it does it well.
Now, on to Nintendo.
Like Rob, I've been thoroughly enjoying my Switch.
I enjoy the light nature of the OS.
It is snappy and simple, and when I'm using it,
I'm doing one thing. I'm gaming.
In an age where every device offers every service,
having certain devices do one thing well is refreshing.
Nintendo can't compete on gaming spec with Sony and Microsoft.
They can't compete on apps with Apple or Android.
What they do have in their corner are some of the most solid games in existence,
in a flexible form that is both portable and dockable.
By providing a simple, malleable gaming system that does nothing else,
they can be seen as focusing their energies.
I would like to reiterate, I'm not sure if this argument holds water.
It will be interesting to see what happens in the coming few years.
The iPhone killed the iPod.
But this is because, in terms of sound quality and convenience,
the iPhone made the iPod largely irrelevant.
The iPhone does not make console gaming irrelevant,
as touch gaming is no substitute for real controls.
Equally, the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 do not make the Switch irrelevant,
as they are not as flexible, nor do they have the Nintendo games.
Nintendo may be on to something here.
Choice is, yes, this is a long email, but it's good, so I'm going to read it all.
Choice is, of course, paramount.
Nintendo can offer Netflix, YouTube, and so on,
and I can choose not to use them.
But I do wonder how vital such apps are to the sales of the system.
Most Switch owners are likely swimming in app-laden devices already.
They purchase, or want to purchase, a Switch to play Nintendo games.
Indeed, for the last five years, Nintendo has arguably scared off potential customers.
Hear ye, hear ye, come play Nintendo's awesome games, they cry.
Buy a Wii U for our awesome games, they exclaim.
Oh, and a 3DS2 for other awesome games, they siren, louder still,
now with beads of sweat congealing on their collective brows.
In the end, many people chose to buy neither system,
baffled by the choice of hardware and the division of games.
The Switch is Nintendo's chance to rally Nintendo games
and Nintendo fans behind one system, a gaming system.
The rest is the cream on the, hopefully very tempting, piece of gadget pudding.
Thanks for reading, and I hope my English vernacular hasn't befuddled you
or your listeners too much.
P.S. Jamie, you might like this.
Well, she's not here tonight, but we'll try to enjoy it on her behalf.
Regarding your use of the word hysterical
when describing the internet dickheads threatening the EA worker last week,
the word hysterical is derived from the Latin hysteria, meaning womb.
Hysteria was originally defined as a neurotic condition peculiar to women
and thought to be caused by a dysfunction of the uterus.
A rather delicious linguistic irony there.
I am a fan of irony.
A good day to all, and to Jamie, resist.
James Nighthawk.
Wonderful email, thank you for sharing.
I'm sure Jamie would give you a gold star if she was here,
so I will give you a gold star in her steed.
I think you do bring up good points in your email,
but here's the one problem for me,
and I think the one thing that you overlooked in your examples
and the thing that I keep coming back to as to
why am I holding Nintendo to a different standard
with this whole Netflix thing.
Yes, your TVs can do it.
Yes, your phones can do it.
But what your TV can't do is come off of the television
and go into your pocket out the front door.
And that's something the Switch does.
And Nintendo has been selling the Switch for doing this for games,
which is cool, but not all the, for lack of a better term,
excuse me for this example,
not all of the soccer moms out there,
oh, excuse me, excuse me, football moms.
Gotta forget I'm speaking to somebody on the other side of the pond.
But all joking aside, we call them soccer moms here in the US.
So all the soccer moms out there probably aren't gonna get it
when it comes to games, but show them the moms.
Show them the movie, the Netflix on the TV that,
oh, gotta go sit in the doctor's office for this appointment.
Obviously you don't want to encourage people to watch TV when they drive.
So they're gonna have to kind of dance around that issue and that whole thing.
But, you know, they could, even with the kids,
the kids are watching a TV show and, oh,
we gotta get going to grandma's or whatever.
You can pick that show up right off the TV
and take it with you right on out to the car.
Now, although you may think right now with Netflix
that's not possible because Netflix requires an always stable internet connection,
remember a few months ago Netflix introduced the whole downloading things.
So there's no reason why you couldn't queue something up on the Switch
and as you watch it, the rest of the episode downloads.
So at a certain point while you're watching it,
now that thing is saved on your device, that movie or whatever you're watching.
I realize Netflix's onboard storage could be a challenge with this,
but I downloaded a movie to watch on a plane
and it's only like 600 megabytes or something because, you know,
it's only in like 720p, you know, or whatever.
It's not, you know, the highest definition picture
because those tablets aren't the highest definition things.
But anyway, I think maybe that's my point with all this is that,
okay, it's one thing to show the games up and on the go,
but you could bring in even more people to buy this device for their families
if you could show it with the TV as well.
And that's kind of been my point.
Like otherwise, sure, I agree with you.
You don't need Netflix on every single device.
The thing is the Switch does it differently
and even Nintendo is trying to sell that in their argument.
The Switch does gaming differently.
Now you can pick it up and take it with you on the go wherever you want.
So I just find it a missed opportunity, if you will,
that they're not doing this with Netflix, Hulu,
whatever movie technology would allow them to download on the go
and all this and do it.
Will they build in that technology by holiday?
They might. That could be something that could happen.
So I don't think this is a, you know,
certainly not something they can't just, you know,
backdoor into the system at some point or what have you.
Is this something that's going to wreck the system
if they never introduce it?
Clearly not. The system's doing pretty well as it is right now.
It definitely looks like it's going to have a more favorable outcome than Wii U
and if Nintendo gets what they want, it might even end up better than the Wii.
But I just think those types of apps can really kind of push it beyond just gamers.
You know, and I know, I know, I know you guys are probably rolling your eyes
because you're like, wait a minute, Rob.
You can't sit there and go, well, Microsoft talks about TVs and movies
and all this shit too much, but yet Nintendo doesn't talk about it enough.
Yeah, but the difference is the technology.
It's like James said in the email.
The Xbox and what it was doing was reductive to what your television can already do.
The Switch offers this new thing.
You can pick it up and take it on the go.
You can't do that with your TV.
The only thing I can think of where maybe you could do that
is if you had an Apple TV and an iPhone.
I suppose that may exist, but that is two separate pieces of hardware,
not one piece of hardware like the Switch is.
So that's all. I just, I see it as a missed opportunity.
But I think it's one Nintendo will probably inject into the system sooner rather than later.
I don't know. Any, any thoughts, Loki?
It's just added value. And even it would be nice just to take, like,
not necessarily even Netflix movies, but it'd be nice if it would just do any sort of media playback,
you know, throw some movies onto, because obviously, you know,
you're not gonna always have Wi-Fi with the Switch and stuff.
So say you're going on a plane or something like that
and you want to watch some movies on a flight instead of having, like,
to buy a tablet or have your phone or something to do that.
You throw some movies onto, you know, the SD card and away you go.
That'd be just nice.
I'm reading some comments in chat over at live.vog network.com.
Do I even know our own website?
William Ritterface in chat says,
Sky, you could conceivably do that with a laptop or a netbook.
Okay, but, like, seriously, I realize the demographic listening to this show
is not the every demographic out there,
but how many people have their laptops hooked up to their TV?
Not a lot.
I mean, soccer moms of America.
Do they all have their laptops hooked up to their TV and all this stuff?
I don't think they do.
Or how about kids?
Laptops are kind of bulky, you know what I mean?
Again, it's part of that magic of the Switch system.
It just fucking works.
If I didn't have a Wii U, let's just, like, switch it for the Switch,
because really that's what my son uses the Wii U for,
is he plays games on it and he'll watch YouTube on it.
So, like, you know, if we didn't have the Wii U
and he had the Switch instead, he could watch, you know, YouTube on that,
or, like, you know, play games on that as well, like a tablet.
I mean, he has a tablet now, too, but he didn't always have one.
And even still, even though he does have a tablet,
he still prefers to play some games on there.
Like, he'll want to play Minecraft on there.
He has Minecraft on the tablet, too.
But he plays Minecraft on the Wii U, because it has the controls,
and it's easier for him.
Akdeft in chat says,
Just wait for the holiday season. Netflix will be on the system by then.
I do think at the end of the day you're probably right with that.
Elliot B. in chat over at live.fognetwork.com says,
How many consoles have launched with media stuff and dropped it later?
3DS, Xbox One, Vita, question mark.
Has the media stuff been dropped totally from any of those?
I don't think Xbox One for sure. They have tons of media stuff on there.
Yeah, Xbox One is still pushing that, and so does PlayStation 4.
I mean, I still use a lot of Twitch on PlayStation 4,
and I do use Netflix on PlayStation 4.
I use 3DS because it's underpowered.
I'm pretty sure 3DS still has Netflix, though.
See, but here's the thing with the Vita.
Sony dumped the Vita, at least in America.
In Japan, different story.
And maybe this is the other element of all that,
and I honestly don't know the answer to this,
is how big is Netflix and all that stuff in Japan?
And maybe that's something I need to consider,
because Nintendo is going to make decisions,
not just based on what happens here in the U.S.,
but what happens in Japan.
Would there be a need for that, to have this type of Netflix type thing
where you pick up and move in Japan,
where transit is much more popular and all that stuff?
Kaijuto in chat says,
Vita has Netflix, just hasn't updated it.
Elliot B says,
Xbox One abandoned a lot of the TV stuff, right?
I think that stuff where you direct plug in your cable into the back
and your Xbox One was basically functioning as your cable box,
I don't think that functionality is gone, per se,
but I think it's just kind of flat-lined,
like it's not really getting updated anymore.
Like, the Wii U's TV thing, that got shut the fuck down.
That's gone.
That's something that got eliminated,
but I don't think the Xbox One got rid of any of that.
And certainly in the Netflix-style applications,
your voodoos, your crackles,
all the stuff that, when we say Netflix,
we mean all this other stuff too,
I think Xbox still has a lot of that stuff.
But again, I think a lot of it is in low maintenance territory.
Even Twitch, they just introduced communities on Twitch
and all that stuff, right?
I think the mobile versions of Twitch have that now,
but I'm not sure the PlayStation 4 ones do.
And I haven't used the Xbox Twitch in a little while,
if they have that whole element in them now.
But anyway.
Alright.
Thanks for the email.
It was still a good discussion.
I still appreciate the perspective and so forth,
and I realize there are a lot of you
that are very happy that they're focusing on the games.
Don't get me wrong, I am too.
I just see it as a missed opportunity
if they really want to get those Wii-like numbers
that are in the stratosphere of selling with a game console.
But we'll see.
I kind of think it's just going to end up there by holiday.
I think the Switch today versus the Switch in December
is going to look very, very, very different,
which is why we did the whole time capsule joke a few episodes ago,
to see what that's going to look like in December.
Alright, if you want to email us for our future episode,
participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
In the meantime, I'm thinking Loki might have a couple more stories for us.
Yeah, well, we can also probably do release dates.
Oh, yeah, that whole thing.
I guess I should probably try to find the Japanese release dates.
Okay, why don't you talk about what's happening in the US while I...
Sure. So, this week we actually do have quite a few things coming out.
So, starting off, Has-Been Heroes is coming out on PC,
the Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Also, we have Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix
and Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix coming out on PlayStation 4.
MLB The Show 17 on PlayStation 4.
A game called Old Time Hockey on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Parappa the Rapper Remastered on PlayStation 4.
Walking Dead Season 3 Episode 3 on pretty much all the different formats that that's on.
PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and mobile.
Attack on Titan Escape from Certain Death on the 3DS.
Blue Reflection on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
The Alliance Alive on 3DS.
This one's actually pretty awesome. I'm looking forward to playing this.
Thimbleweed Park. Remember that was the game that was the old LucasArts style point-and-click game.
It's actually done by... What's his name? I can't remember now.
The guy that did the original Maniac Mansion games and stuff like that.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you're talking about.
Ron Gilbert? Yeah, Ron Gilbert. Okay.
And, let's see, Musostars on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Oh, and in case I didn't mention, Thimbleweed Park. That's Xbox One and PC, Mac, and Linux.
And finally, Overload on PC, Mac, Linux, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
I want to say there was one other one on here. I didn't see it.
But I know I had it on the other list here.
I'm not positive because I don't see it on this list, but I want to say Strafe, I think, was coming out this week as well.
And that's kind of like a Quake, Duke Nukem style first-person shooter game.
So it's like that retro 90s stuff that's on PC.
That was a busy week. You know what else is this week?
There's a patch in Final Fantasy XIV, which, you know, for me, because I'm into that game, so that's a big deal.
But also, Final Fantasy XV, the Gladio DLC, is this week, as is the Chapter XIII redo.
So I guess I'll have to go back and play XV then.
Yeah, so it's a pretty big week. I mean, Square's dumping a lot on us with the Kingdom Hearts thing, too.
This is actually the week I've been waiting for for a couple years now.
Because, you know, I didn't buy the Kingdom Hearts 2.5 thing when it came out.
Because I said, they're going to put this on PlayStation 4 eventually, just like they did Final Fantasy X.
Of course.
So here we are. It's finally coming out, so I'm finally going to pick it up and might as well get the one.
Even though I did buy the Final Fantasy I, because that was a few years ago, I bought the 1.5 or whatever on the PlayStation 3.
It'll be nice to have that all on the PlayStation 4.
Because, you know, I'll have time to jump into another, what, probably 300 hours worth of RPGs in between the Mass Effect and Dromedan.
I'm trying to still beat, so yeah.
Anyway, let's travel to Japan and check out what's coming out over there.
In Japan this week, on March 28th, oh no, excuse me, I've got to push out to March 30th to get to Chaos, Child, Love, Chuchu on the PlayStation 4.
Musou Stars, also out there as well this week.
Also in Japan, Re Zero, Kada, Hajime-ru, Isekai, Sekkatsu, Death of Kiss in regular and limited edition.
And Darius Burst, Chronicle Saviors, also out in Japan this week.
Lastly, Blue Reflection, Maboroshi, Ni-mao, Shouju no Ken, also out in Japan this week.
And then on the Vita this week, that Musou Star is also being released on the Vita.
Zero, Kada, Hajime-ru, Isekai, Sekkatsu, Death of Kiss, also on the Vita.
As is Tokyo Xanadu, Blue Reflection, Maboroshi, Ni-mao, Shoujo no Ken, and Chaos, Child, Love, Chuchu.
So a lot of those same games on PlayStation 4 are also on the Vita over in Japan.
Lastly, checking the Switch, I don't think there's anything out on the Switch.
It looks like there's one game, there's Sango Kushi 13 with a power-up kit.
And I think this is another one of those, like, Romance of the Three Kingdoms types of games.
That's out on the Switch this week over in Japan.
So, there you go.
The UK, do you happen to have those handy?
Yes I do.
Oh my gosh, saves the day. What's up going on in the UK?
So in the UK we've got Strafe coming out on PC and Mac.
We've got Snake Pass on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
And last but not least, Atari Flashback Classic Volume 1 and Classic Volume 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Those have been out here for a little bit.
It's like just getting a flashback console in game form, so whatever.
Yeah, so, that's it.
Alright, let's see, you got some more news for us to talk about?
Sure, let's talk about Castlevania Symphony Night, it's turned 20.
Oh my god.
It's been a long time.
Congratulations, everybody's old.
Exactly.
Let's see, so this is a little bit of drama, but there's that game, Yooka-Laylee, that's coming out.
And apparently a YouTuber by the name of JonTron, or Jon Jafari, who you may have recognized from social media recently because he said some choice things.
He has been dropped from the game because of his comments.
Playtronic basically made the comment, JonTron is a talented video presenter who we were initially two years ago happy to include as a voice contributor in our game.
However, in light of the recent personal viewpoints, or his personal viewpoints, we have made the decision to remove JonTron's inclusion from the game via a forthcoming content update.
We would like to make it absolutely clear that we do not endorse or support JonTron's personal viewpoints, and that as an external fan contributor, he does not represent Playtronic in any capacity.
So, drama be drama.
Whelp.
Freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequence, that's all it is.
This is very true.
That's what it boils down to.
And I got nothing else to say about that.
What's up next?
How do we follow that?
Let's see, what should we talk about next?
I should have had the little bleep bleep, that's all folks queued up, because that seems the only thing that's appropriate for that moment.
Let's just follow that with some awkward silence.
Since we just talked about the anniversary of Symphony Night, I think it's only fair that we talk a little bit about Bloodstained.
So Bloodstained, I'm sure it's going to come as a shock, it's officially not coming out for the Wii U.
Oh my god!
So basically they said, you know...
I feel like we've reported this three times now.
I think we just assumed that it wasn't coming out for the Wii U, but now it's not officially coming out.
So, you know, thank you for supporting us, and the people that backed the Wii U version during the campaign.
The Wii U was the height of popularity, and because of...
Okay, maybe that's a little stretch, but whatever.
Those are some very nice things to say.
It was at the height of its popularity.
Okay, okay.
That's fair.
But the situation has drastically changed after the release of the Nintendo Switch.
This change has made it difficult to receive the necessary support from the hardware maker, which has led us to drop the Wii U development.
And shift the development to the Nintendo Switch.
Well that sucks if it's Nintendo's fault that they're not able to do that, but...
Okay, wait, I gotta hear more about this comment over on chat over at live.vognumber.com.
Stoppy in chat says Kickstarter scans and underdelivers once again.
I...
So is this...
Are you mad it's not coming to Wii U because you don't have a Switch yet?
I mean, I guess that's the one section of people I could see that are pissed.
Is that you own a Wii U but you don't own a Switch because you don't have the money for a Switch yet.
So you were kinda hoping to get this game on Wii U.
For the most... I imagine most people that are Nintendo fans have already moved on to the Switch or will be planning to by the time this game comes out.
Because it's still a next year game, right?
Still 2018.
So there's still plenty of time to get on board with the Switch or what have you.
So I'm assuming...
I'm assuming, yeah, most Nintendo people are gonna make that Switch.
However, I also know money ain't everywhere.
So some people really... you know, you can't just go out and buy a Switch today.
You have to save up and do that.
So it's kinda... it can probably be irritating if you bought this game already with Kickstarter or what have you.
And then now here it is that it's not even gonna be coming out on the Wii U and it's gonna come out on the Switch.
Oh, Stoppy says I was being sarcastic.
Oh, okay.
Well, dammit, I was actually looking for some counter perspective here.
Where every gamer has a voice, even your sassy ass voice.
Alright, so okay.
I guess that is the only counterpoint I can think of is that not everybody can just run out and buy a Switch.
But you do have a year to save up, so you just start putting $5 in the piggy bank every week.
So here's another thing, a little tease I guess.
The official Secret of Mana Twitter account has shown a clip of Seiken Densetsu 3 running on the Switch.
Of course, that game never left Japan and it is a Japanese Twitter account.
Looks like it might be running in Virtual Console.
Oh, did you... you didn't see the follow up for this.
They actually did release this... they did announce the Seiken Densetsu collection.
So that was... so you must have missed that.
I did miss that.
That's why I'm here.
They are going to release in Japan and I think it's in June.
Somebody in chat correct me if I'm wrong on that.
Because again, we're winging it tonight.
If you're just joining us, we didn't get to produce tonight's show due to some website errors that were happening.
So we're winging it a little bit.
So that's okay that Loki didn't pick this up.
But, oh yeah, when I saw this come out on Twitter I was all over this.
So it's official, the Seiken Densetsu collection is happening.
So it's going to be 1, 2, and 3.
So that's Secret of Mana and Seiken Densetsu 3.
And then what is Final Fantasy Legend on Gameboy here will all be released on one Switch cart in Japan.
Now because the Switch is region free... you could buy that here in the US as well.
However, all those games are still in Japanese.
And the pack is going to cost like... was it 4,500 yen?
So it's like, it's going to be at least $40 for 3 old games.
Now, you know, they're not just any 3 old games.
4,800 yen.
Yeah, 4,800 yen. So again, that's around like 45 bucks, 40 bucks.
So if they release that in the US, well I don't know, are they going to translate those games for the US?
We'll have to see what happens with that.
I think that could be huge though. I think there will be people that will pay $40 for an English translation in Seiken Densetsu 3.
It doesn't matter that that game is fucking old.
They would also translate Mother 3 and they would probably pay a lot of money for that too.
You know what? You know what? Depending on... Loki, this is a different time now.
I think that may not necessarily be off the table, if that makes sense.
Especially if they do translate this to English, and it does well, and I don't want to get too excited.
I'm tempering my enthusiasm because I don't expect that they're going to go back and make an English translation in Seiken Densetsu 3.
Well, do you want to hear my controversial opinion on this?
Why not? Why not? Let Rob get some hate mail for a change because not everybody is going to agree with me on this.
I think they should just snatch the translation that's already been done and put it out.
And some of you are going to be like, the fuck? That was a fan translation that people did. Yeah, well...
What are you going to do about it?
It was Square's game. What are they going to do about it?
You going to sue them?
It was Square's game that you all translated so you could play it free in an emulator for a year.
That would suck.
It's time for Square to get some of their money back, so to speak.
I know that opinion is not going to be popular, but...
But it is something they could do.
If that's what they have to do to get the game out in English...
It may be what they're doing. Remember, there was the virtual console games that had ROM dumps that were done by other people that somehow ended up in there, so...
It's possible they could do that.
JD in chat says, what's the licensing on the fan translation? The answer I'm giving is, does it matter?
Again, I know that's not an opinion everybody's going to like, but does it matter?
It was Square Enix's game. It was their words originally, right?
It technically still is their game, and they could argue that you're in violation of the copyright by reverse engineering the game, so they could take it down the fan translation, even though that is something that people do.
Now JD does have a more reasonable counterargument here, saying the game company's lawyers are not going to use it unless the translation was done under the most copyleft license, meaning it was a broad license or whatever, because it leaves them open to a lawsuit.
But, I mean...
It's just words.
It would be interesting. I'm just saying it would be interesting.
It would be an interesting lawsuit.
I don't think that's what Square is really going to do. Now, to put all this wank aside, Square would localize it themselves.
They could do it. It would be morally wrong, I think.
It's going to be a very strange group. That would be a hell of a court case.
They could do it because, I mean, it's a big company versus just some people that did it for fun.
Who may not even care anymore. I don't know. I don't remember who did it.
They don't have the money to defend themselves, so, I mean, really, a big company could do this.
Though, people might not think too highly of them after they did that, but I don't know.
Interesting. So, Elliott B. in chat says, it's just words, me pirating a million ebooks.
Here's the thing, though. Now, did the fan translation, didn't they translate words that were already written?
Technically, yes. Or did they rewrite it?
They may have done both.
Okay, if they rewrote it, then I get that argument a lot more than if they just translated what was already written.
Because then I think that's a little apples and oranges.
It's technically derivative, but I don't know. That would be kind of a weird gray area. I don't know how that would necessarily work.
Let's see, BlackWolf in our chat over at live.vognetware.com says, podcasts are just words.
Well, I can make money off this show? When's that gonna happen? It's only year 15.
Well, you see, we need to have a Kickstarter and then a Patreon.
Oh, I gotta tell people it costs $35,000 a year to do a podcast. That's right. I gotta tell them we have studio fees to pay for.
We have to pay people to produce it for us.
You said the hookers aren't gonna pay for themselves, okay?
That's right, that's right. I forgot about all that stuff. Anyway.
Buying pizza almost every week is expensive.
Anyway, all this wank aside and the shade y'all are throwing at me, it's not gonna happen.
If Square Enix does the English translation, they will do it themselves in-house.
And we'll see. I'm just curious if they are gonna do it or not.
Because that is gonna be resources that are way more than probably packaging these three games otherwise on the Switch.
But the whole wild card with this is the fact that it is region free.
You will be able to buy this and it will play on your North American Switch.
So surely Square Enix has to realize that.
But, you know, I doubt there are a ton of gamer people there in North America that are fluent in Japanese.
It's all math. So if it makes sense for them and they can make money from it, then they'll do it.
It's all about what investment they put in it and what the return is gonna be. That's what it comes down to.
So let's hope that they experiment with something and it does well, then it just leads to more other things.
Yeah. I mean, come on. How long would it take to translate a game like that?
You already have people doing it. They could kind of crib some of that shit. I'm just saying, you know.
Don't open that door again. I already got enough shades.
But I will say this. It is at this point old technology.
So do they have all the old Super Nintendo stuff available to go in and crack the ROMs the way they could, you know, 20 years ago?
That may be the thing, is that they don't have the tools to do it anymore.
That's like handing me a reel, an audio reel, and asking me to edit it together when it's like, dude, everything went digital years ago.
They don't have the tools. I was unaware that these companies have no access to the internet.
It was so befuddling to me that they couldn't figure this out.
I think if people that are not associated with this company can make tools to do that, I'm pretty sure these companies can make tools to do that if they don't already have tools.
Because guess what? They put out virtual console games, so they obviously have some shit to adjust those ROMs.
Come on. Don't quit before you've even started.
All right. Let's move on. Let's go to another story.
All right, so this is kind of fun. Speaking of, like, I was talking about that whole water festival thing.
Guess what came out with the water festival thing for Pokemon Go?
The fucking thing breaking my Pokemon Go Plus all the time now, whatever that version of it is?
Yes, it does that, but no, I'm talking about something that'd be more interesting to a certain somebody that listens to the show and also has a show on our network who happens to be obsessed by this.
Shinies.
That's right. Only Magikarp.
Only Magikarp, but they have a shiny Magikarp now.
And so, yeah, it's a yellow Magikarp, turns into a red Gyarados.
By the way, for the record, on the way to the movie, I asked said person about that.
Because I actually, we were right by. I had to get work done on my car this weekend, so he was good enough to come pick me up at the car place so we could go to the movie while I was getting the car worked on.
And the car is right by one of the big Ingress farms out in Folsom, right?
So I was like, oh, well, while we're here, do you want to just drive through? Because I know this is a big farm for Ingress, so it's got to be a ton of PokeStops. You want to drive through and get PokeBalls?
He's like, I don't play Pokemon Go. I was like, did you not hear about the shinies?
So, by the way, if y'all want to know what happened to PokeStop Podcast, that's what happened to PokeStop Podcast.
Just saying.
Alright.
Anyways, so this is another thing that's going on with the Nintendo Switch.
So there's this company, Game Truck, who does these mobile trucks that you can rent and they bring them to locations and they have games inside of them.
Well, Nintendo's partnered with them now and they're going to have some that are going to be, 100 of the game trucks are going to have playable versions of 1-2 Switch and Legends all the breath of the wild on Switch systems.
And, of course, they're going to be adding Mario Kart 8 later on when it comes out in April.
So you can reserve your game truck now and they're going to have that promotion going on through June 20th.
That sounds incredibly boring.
I mean, I get it, the game truck thing and stuff, but who would want to watch you play Zelda?
It's a one player game.
Like, I get mobile, I get some land stuff going on there and Mario Kart would be a good choice for that, but it's like, I'm playing Zelda. Wow, that's cool.
Isn't that what Twitch lets me do? Like, whoa, I'm playing Zelda, other people can watch me. That's Twitch.
I mean, shit, even the PlayStation 4 SharePlay, if I don't want to be public about it, because Twitch is very public, right?
But I've done that where I play on SharePlay on PlayStation 4, so it's private, so that I'm not actually streaming online, I'm just streaming for somebody who, you know, wanted to see the game that can ask specific questions or whatever.
That's a very, uh, I mean, it's like, it's just like a, I don't know, camper show, like a, not a mobile home, but like a camper that they have games inside.
It's a very small room, they have like this stupid video on their website where all the kids are, like, cheering, the truck's coming down the street, I'm like, no, no they're not. No, they're not doing that.
Um, but like, they're all playing, let's see what games are they playing, they're playing Halo, they're playing fucking Halo.
They should have had those pictures of Donald Trump driving the truck.
They're playing, they're playing, they have eight player land Halo going on.
Okay, that's kind of cool though.
Yeah, and see, a mature rated game, by the way, nobody gives a shit about the fucking rated, you know, M rated games.
We had a conversation about this with some of the parents, because they were talking about like, you know, oh my god, that game has sexuality, that game doesn't have sex in it, because my son plays Call of Duty and like that stuff, you know.
No, just blowing people's faces off the guns, that's all.
Yeah, I'm like, yeah, you find people, you know, blowing heads off, but you're not finding sex, yeah, that's right.
Don't show them that scene from Mass Effect Andromeda, because I'm telling you, titty, Loki, there's full on titty in that game.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, should we open up Skype line? Want to open that up?
Let's do it.
Let's do it. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, if you want to give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, if you'd like to give us a call.
We'll talk about whatever, or maybe we missed something that you want to talk about tonight, we can certainly do that.
If you want to do it the old fashioned way, you can do it that way too.
Actually, no you can't, because we got a call coming in right now, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, hey, it's...
Hey, you're cutting up a little bit there, but I think it's Rama, right Rama?
Yeah, I just had to finish doing a bunch of rebuilding on my machine, so it's a little temperamental right now.
Yeah, I'm getting that echo thing too, but what's on your mind?
Well, two things. Earlier in tonight's broadcast, you talked about people being gay and lesbian, and my thing is this, I don't care what you are.
Are we still going to the bar later? Yes or no?
Perfect, I'm fine with that.
Exactly. Do whatever you want to do to make sure you're... as long as you're happy, fuck it. I don't care.
As long as we can still chill, hang out, have a good time, that's all that matters.
Thank you very much. That and equal tax laws, that's all we have.
And secondly, the whole JonTron thing, I'm just going to put it like this.
When you are that type of person where you do camming, web shows, podcasting, you should not use that platform for your own political thoughts and views.
It's one thing to tell your listeners to fight for what you believe in, as opposed to saying, well, my views is dah, dah, dah, dah. That's the way it should be.
And if you know you have controversial views after throwing it out there the first time, maybe you should just kind of like keep that shit to yourself.
Well, it's complicated.
It's complicated.
Oh, I know. I know.
Because we sometimes say political things on this show. But as I mentioned a minute ago, I haven't made a dime off this show in 15 years.
Yeah, but Rob, the difference is what you've said on here isn't really political. It's like, it is, but at the same time, you say it in an aspect of, you know, what is wrong in this world, what we have to do, as opposed to going against the grain. You see what I'm saying?
No, I do. I do. And I would never, I would never encourage hateful rhetoric. Ever.
Exactly.
Anyway, I'm hearing myself through your speakers, so I have to wrap up a little bit. But any other last thoughts for us, Rama?
No last thoughts. I will be up for a while putting my machine back together.
Alright, have fun.
Have fun.
You too.
We'll talk to you on Tuesday. Bye.
Bye.
Anime Jam Session, of course, Tuesday nights here at the Voice Geeks Network, vog.network.com. Sorry, I hate cutting Rama short, but could you guys hear it too? I mean, I know you can hear it in the studio, you can hear myself coming back through, right? I don't know if that carried over over the air, but that was a lot going on there. Let's get to another call. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio, who's this?
Hi, can you hear me?
Hi, hello, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Elliot B.
Hi, Elliot B. Wow, aren't you on the other side of the pond?
Not any longer, I actually moved to New York last year.
Oh, well, welcome, I suppose, even though I'm a year late, but what's on your mind? What's on your mind tonight?
Well, I was lucky enough to pick up a Nintendo Switch on Tuesday. I went by the Nintendo store at lunchtime, because I work in Midtown Manhattan, and they said, oh, we don't have any in stock at the moment, but if you subscribe to, you know, if you follow us on Twitter.
So I turned on Twitter notifications on my phone, and they happened to, and then 15 minutes later, they tweeted, oh, we've got some, we're going to have some in stock at three o'clock in the afternoon.
And that was at 2.30, I think. So I rushed out my office and got in line. There was about 20 people ahead of me already by that point.
And yeah, I got one, so I've been playing tons and tons of Zelda.
Congratulations. That's kind of a miracle that you happen to be in the right place and see that tweet and everything. That's everything lining up perfectly. That says a lot to the 20 people were still there ahead of you.
My question is, how many of those 20 people were scalpers? Dirty, filthy scalpers?
That's a good question. I don't know. I was only speaking to the people. There were a couple of people in front of me that was like a 15-year-old kid with his dad. I don't know how they both managed to get there, you know, with 10 minutes.
But yeah, it seemed like genuine fans in the queue. It didn't seem like, in the line, sorry, I'm still learning American English.
That's okay. We can figure some of the things out. We know a lift. We know a lift is an elevator. You know, same thing. We figured it out.
It's also not a taxi here.
It's not a what?
A lift.
Oh, I see what you did. Sorry, that was a little too complex for even me. I'm a big stupid American. I don't understand. Anyway, so you've been playing Zelda on the Switch and it sounds like you're having a good time?
Yes. I just beat the first Divine Beast today. And yeah, I'm sort of like, I beat that bit and then I'm used to kind of pass those. They're like, okay, now go on to the desert or something.
And now they're like, yeah, you've got this huge entire map that you can now explore. It's kind of overwhelming. But no, I'm loving the game.
I was thinking, do you remember when the first trailers came out for Twilight Princess?
Yes.
The Zelda that I was imagining from that trailer, this feels like that game finally, like a decade later.
A decade late. But no, I mean, just the openness of it. I mean, even Twilight Princess. I mean, I still enjoy Twilight Princess for what it is. But you were still in these narrow areas where your exploration was very limited.
Or at least in Heinz. I mean, I don't know, it didn't feel so limiting at the time. It just kind of felt like the way games were. But now in retrospect, hell yeah, those games feel so limiting compared to how open Breath of the Wild is, you know?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Let me ask you this. Are you playing anything besides Zelda on the Switch? Because we know everybody with the Switch is probably playing Zelda, but have you checked anything else out?
Not really. I downloaded the... there's a demo. The only demo on the store is for that game. It's a co-op game where you have to cut each other out.
Oh, the Snipperclips?
Snipperclips, yeah. Which I quite like the demo to. It's kind of hilarious. Have you played it?
I actually have a little bit. A friend of ours had it and brought it over. We were playing for... I was watching him and Alan play. I didn't get to play a lot, but I did play a little bit of it.
It's definitely because it's a puzzle game, you have to kind of communicate. But I was getting really frustrated at one of the puzzles because I'm like, this is too hard.
Yeah, my girlfriend and I were playing the demo and I was getting so frustrated with her that I thought if I actually dropped the $20 on the real game, it might lead to some sort of breakup.
That's not good.
Not to throw shade on her gaming abilities or anything, but yes. It requires a lot of cooperation and a lot of trying to explain. Yeah, if you cut me in kind of exactly that exact shape, yeah, like more of a curve sort of thing.
Well, don't get Mario Kart or Mario Party either because those games can also end relationships, so be careful. Be careful.
Well, that probably is the next game I'm going to get, Mario Kart. I'm looking forward to that one. I need a good multiplayer game for this system.
I'm looking forward definitely to the multiplayer capabilities when you're in one room. I don't know if you do the conventions and all that stuff or just meetups with other gamers, but I think something like Mario Party is really going to kick ass in that sort of setting.
I just love the idea of carrying it somewhere and breaking out the Joy-Cons and passing them around.
Yeah, for sure, for sure. Alright, well congratulations on getting a Switch and getting down there to the store with, oh gosh, in 20 minutes. That's amazing that you were able to get over there so fast and end up getting a Switch.
Well, hopefully more will become available, as Loki was saying earlier, but there's still a scarcity right now.
It's amazing. They're out of stock in about half an hour.
Oh my gosh, wow, wow. Well, that's better than NES Classic Mini.
Whatever happened to that?
Oh, I'm sure they have one monkey working on that now.
I don't know about that. I think they're trying to get us to forget about that system even though it was like the biggest thing at Christmas, but whatever, whatever.
Alright, well, Elliot, thanks for the call and good to hear from you.
Yeah, cool.
Keep enjoying the Switch. Alright, take care.
Bye.
Bye-bye. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call. Loki, I'll check in with you once again here before we close up the Skype line. See if you have any other stories you want to get out here.
Uh, no. I think we covered pretty much everything.
What?
Well, there's one article that's about Nintendo not necessarily going towards microtransactions in their mobile platforms, so they're saying, you know, I guess the Super Mario Run did not meet their expectations in terms of actually making money, even though it was downloaded 78 million times.
And they just released it on Android this week too, which is kind of a big deal, right?
They said that, um, they said that about 4 of the 78 million people, or, you know, 4 million of those, did buy the game, which is about 5%.
So they made $40 million. Well, no, because the store, okay, because Apple and so forth get a cut of, what, about 30%, right? So they made...
Like 20-some-odd million dollars on it?
Yeah, okay. Let's say we'll say half the money, because marketing, etc. I mean, they probably made more than 20 million, but still, we'll say that.
For an Android game. I think that's pretty damn good.
Interesting. Well, maybe they learned some things in the whole experience, though.
Well, in the figure, I mean, the Android version just came out, so, I mean, that was only a small portion of the marketplace out there.
They did wait an awful long time to put that on Android. I don't know if they had some sort of deal with Apple where they couldn't.
Well, remember, they were, I thought they were worried about the whole, like, copy protection garbage or something.
I don't know, that's a weird thing to worry about, but whatever.
Yeah, they were worried about piracy on the Android. That's what they were worried about.
But, I mean, but that didn't stop them with, what, Fire Emblem? Although, Fire Emblem, like, consistently talks to the, well, so does Super Mario Run.
Does it say Fire Emblem has to continuously talk to the only server?
Yeah, it does, it does, because my son's in the middle of a level, and I had to reset the router, and he's like, Dad, it stopped working!
Oh, no.
Which is stupid, yes, it is absolutely stupid.
You kicked your son off the game, you're so cruel.
I know. It's so terrible.
One more shout-out for calls, and then we'll close up the Skype line.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, if you want to give us a call.
Rama and Chad Agreen, they should have gone to Android first, bigger install base. I don't necessarily agree they needed to go to either one first, just don't make it, like, how many months has it been since it came out on my phone?
Well, they're saying that even though, even the whole thing, the point was, though, even though they didn't make as much as they had thought they would on Super Mario Run, and even though Fire Emblem Heroes is doing pretty good, even with the microtransactions, they said they still want to stick with that kind of, you know, one price point.
Format that they don't sell the microtransactions. I think it's because they're kind of used to that.
Which is good. Any company that gets out of microtransactions is a good thing, I think.
Alright. Well, I guess nobody else is calling us, Loki. I think that's going to wrap it up for the Skype line.
But if you were just being shy, you can always email us as well. Participate at OrangeLoungeTrader.com if you'd like to send us an email.
Otherwise, I think that's probably going to do it for tonight's OLR. Not bad for having, you know, no production really going into tonight's episode, but luckily we had a game we ran about for a little while at the top of the show there.
Hopefully Dark Soccer is feeling better, and we'll be back next week. We're also going to be joined, as mentioned, next week by SacIGDA in preparation for the Sac Indie Arcade event.
I do want to remind people there will be no show that Sunday, so April 9th, there will not be an OLR because April 8th, we will have been broadcasting all day long.
There's so much going on on that weekend. I have not just one now, but two people coming in from out of town.
So I have plans. I know I have a rough life, right? But I have plans Friday night, I have plans all day Saturday, and now I have plans Sunday night when we would usually be doing OLR.
It's just like when it rains, it pours. But I'm looking forward to that weekend. It'll be a lot of fun.
It will be. It will. So looking forward to broadcasting from the Sac Indie Arcade event. We'll talk to Gabe about that next week, and hopefully Brie will be here too, whoever else might be coming from the event.
And then we'll be doing that on Saturday. I'm hoping maybe we can wrap all the post-production of that up real fast so that maybe Sunday night instead of OLR, if you miss the broadcast on Saturday.
I'm not going to promise this yet until I know I can turn it around fast, but maybe we can re-run it on into Sunday night when OLR would usually be on.
That's what I'm going to try to aim for. Even though it is quote-unquote all day, it really only ends up being like five hours maybe.
I think that's going to do it. Let's go around and get final thoughts. Oh, I do have to give a quick shout out as always.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But not if the voices ain't here. So a nice five-star review on a place like iTunes or Google or wherever it is you found this show, that all goes an awful long way as well.
So we really appreciate all of that. Otherwise, do we have any final thoughts from Loki tonight?
I ordered some filament in preparation for my printer to be shipped at some point. But I ordered orange filament and purple filament. So maybe I'll make something related to one of the shows.
Why not?
That's why I ordered the printer though.
Yeah, start cranking out some stuff I can give away at DragonCon this year. You're a factory now.
A factory.
That's it. My final thought tonight is I'm looking forward to enjoying more Mass Effect because yes, overall I am enjoying it and trying to get better at multiplayer because right now it's pretty hideous, you guys.
It's pretty hideous. We'll see you in seven days to do it all over again. But until then, have a great week everybody. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio. Thanks again for tuning in and staying with us. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
