It's here, it's here, the latest release of worldly travel with technology along the
way.
That's right, Horizon Zero Dawn is finally out to scratch all your mechanical overload
survival dr...
No.
What?
The Switch.
What, like a light switch?
No, the Nintendo Switch.
What's a Nintendo Switch?
This week, the Nintendo Switch was released.
Stay tuned for more!
Jason just totally pulled in, I don't even know her there in the intro.
Hi everybody, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge
Radio, live tonight, March the 5th of 2017, episode number 678 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me in studio, as always, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie
Summers.
Words.
Hello.
Greetings.
Sorry to hear you're still sick, but you sound a lot better, you look a lot better.
I feel better, well I've also got a lot of makeup on.
I feel a lot better than I did.
But you have this weird thing with your taste buds, like you were telling me earlier that
chocolate tastes like soap.
Yeah, actually everything tastes vaguely soap-like.
I don't know if it's the Zithromax, but it started happening before I was on azithromycin.
I've been on two different antibiotics, but I feel a lot better than I have in a while.
Well good, feeling better is good, that's where we want you to be.
I feel like Frank, even smiling makes my face ache.
It's funny because when you were talking about that you don't taste things the same, my first
thought y'all was, I want her to lick a Nintendo Switch cartridge live on air.
And I was going to bypass that whole thing because I'm like, okay, that joke is like
played out, like everybody who wanted clicks watched me lick a thing.
And to think, that girl that licked the PSP was a fame whore at that time.
But now y'all licking Nintendo Switch cartridges like the candy.
This would be science.
And then you'd have my DNA on your games.
Yes, and now I'm like Dark Sakura, now we have a reason why for science, exactly, that
maybe she does need to lick a Nintendo Switch cartridge because I want to know if under
the right chemical thing, maybe it tastes like soap as well.
Well if you want, it's your stuff.
Alright, I'm going to think about it while we introduce Tech Master Loki.
The other thing is what it would taste like with those little miracle berries.
Alright, Tech Master Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah, good?
Yeah.
You sound a little exhausted when you say that, I'm fine, like it's been a real long
week or something.
It's exhausting eating those 11 breadsticks.
The Dark Sakura ate one, she's like...
I was wondering, you know, for science, you know, since she's tried chocolate and it tastes
like soap, maybe soap tastes like chocolate.
I'm not going to lick soap.
That's unhealthy.
Dark Sakura.
I love the coffee, it's like I'm getting a hint of what the flavor would have tasted
like.
And then soap.
Like freaking ivory bar soap, seriously.
Now I'm sure Dark Sakura, you might be wondering like, why is Dark Sakura eating soap?
To know this.
But I'm sure as a child, she had soap in her mouth a lot and got to know the taste very
well.
Well, a good way to know how something tastes is to smell it.
Because your olfactory scents, which I have none right now, and your sense of taste are
tied.
And when one of those is depressed or whatever, then the other is going to be affected.
And that's the exact thing with the Nintendo Switch cartridge for me.
Like I don't need to lick it because you can smell that new case smell that isn't exactly
pleasant.
It's not a new car smell.
A new car smells nice.
A new cartridge, when you open that, you know, Zelda case for the first time, it's kind of...
I don't even know if I'd go that far.
Like it just smells like, like a chemical that I don't want to eat.
That's what it smells like.
A chemical.
Well, it's just, well, and everything vaguely smells either like soap or blood.
There's no in between.
This is the stupidest sick I've ever had, next to walking pneumonia.
Or is Dark Sakura just cleaning her victims before she kills them?
So if they put that stuff on the cartridge because they don't want to eat, do they put
it on the controllers?
Because I don't think they put it on the controllers.
I don't think they did put it on the controllers.
Have your kids put it in their mouth yet?
I don't, I'm sure I don't have, you know, kids.
I'm sure a kid is, what are you talking about?
You should do have kids.
Ask Nellie.
Hold on a minute.
Did Loki just come out here and be like, I don't have kids.
Like why, why, why are you a pathological liar on tonight's OLR, Loki?
Yes, you do have kids.
It's just my, my path to presidency, right?
I don't have kids, Rob.
You have kids.
I don't think you're the one that has the kids, these are my kids.
They're yours now.
Bringing them over, bye.
Touched them less.
You're the one that's been wiretapping my house.
All right.
Anyway.
Anyway.
No, I don't have a Switch, so obviously I can't eat anything that's in the Switch box.
Right.
So you have, you don't have, you have kids, but you don't have a Switch.
That's, that's the difference.
Yeah, I have kids and no Switch.
And I'm not planning on buying a Switch and I also didn't buy Zelda because I don't have
$60 right now to spend on Zelda.
So I will just wait a couple of weeks and play it then.
Money, serious business.
Well, I could, I could buy it now, but then there may be a chance that I won't be able
to afford food later in the week.
That would be unfortunate.
Yeah.
I would just rather not do that because I don't need to.
I'm already playing Skyrim, so I don't need that.
All right.
We'll talk a little more about the Switch here in a moment because it's that thing everybody's
talking about.
But I want to get to our chat room, of course, and acknowledge you guys live in our chat
room because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock
Eastern at vognetwork.com.
That's V-O-G network.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, who talked also a lot tonight
about the Nintendo Switch.
Now, obviously there's a, there was a lot that happened in games this week.
It could be easy to sit here.
We could probably talk for three hours about the Nintendo Switch.
However, there's a ton of other stuff that happened in gaming.
Game developers conference happened this week.
Hello.
But it was interesting.
We didn't really get a lot of news out of game developers conference, did we?
We got like weird little like tidbits and insight, like w w like that eight bit Zelda
picture that came up where everybody was like, Oh my God, it's Zelda maker.
But no, like a Nintendo would not announce a Zelda maker at a GDC type event.
B what it ended up really being was that, you know, Breath of the Wild was basically
created in that eight bit environment to build some of the, you know, ideas that they
had going into that game were kind of executed in the eight bit format before they, they
did the big fancy world that they have now making a long story prototyping the, the concepts.
Yeah.
There's a lot of talk about like what goes into game development.
That's really it.
I mean, there's other little things here and there, like the first 10 minutes of the, um,
gone home successor, was it Tacoma?
So what it's called like, I think like the first 10 minutes of that were shown, it's
just like some little tidbits here and there, but not a very news filled game developers
conference, nothing like on the scale of like PlayStation move or anything, which again,
game developers conferences, not E3, it is, it is for those types of, but I would totally
go for more, you know, a better PlayStation move if you will.
Well, isn't that kind of what they're trying to do with the VR and those controllers and
everything?
Right.
But I mean, like the PlayStation is not doing that.
They're like, yeah, we have these move controllers.
Those will work.
Uh, some comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, because of course, again, we tape live
on Sunday nights.
I want to get to some of our chatters, uh, SSU100Matt talking about the taste test for
Dark Sakura says, the real question we need to know, what does pinkberry taste like?
I think someone should go get her some to test this.
I agree with this, but I will tell you this.
I have orange sherbet at home and it tastes kind of off too.
Does it taste like soap?
Not quite like soap, but like orange medicine.
Oh.
Like Dayquil or something.
Kinda.
Yeah.
It's like the edge between, this tastes really good to, this tastes like fucking Dayquil.
Mm hmm.
So, or like Theraflu.
Uh, Darktosea in chat says, I just thought that thing was neat, interesting way to prototype
for Breath of the Wild.
Uh, yeah, I thought it was a neat, uh, discussion too.
Um, and that's, you know, again, what GDC is really for is about like here, here's how
the sausage is made type of thing.
Here's the thought process that went into what we made and yeah, Black Wolf kind of
echoing there in chat, GDC shouldn't be for news anyway.
Um, yeah, I can agree with that to a point, but you also in the past, they have dropped
a few bombshells here and there, but that's usually Sony that's done that, right?
They did the move one year and they did, they announced something else one year.
Was it the VR or was it something else they announced GDC?
I want to say it was another one of those things that kind of came a win.
I don't think it was the VR, but anyway, like, you know, sometimes with those tech development,
you might get a little, little few drops here and there because while you have all these
game developers there, they want these developers to think about, Ooh, how could I develop for
that?
Right.
That's why you announced the PlayStation move early like that is, Ooh, how can I develop
for this?
But you know, you're not going to get like, Oh my God, Half Life 3, like that's not going
to fucking happen at a game developers conference.
So, you know, it, it is for talks and, um, a lot of networking that goes on at the, those
events for sure.
Uh, wheeling and dealing of those sorts, but, um, otherwise, yeah, it's, it's, it is for
the developers.
Uh, thank you, Bobby Black Wolf.
That's it.
PlayStation home was announced to GDC.
That's right.
That was the other thing I was thinking of.
Thank you.
Uh, let's see.
Also in chat, um, over at live.vognetwork.com actdeft is wondering, did dark soccer confuse
dove soap with dove chocolate?
That's a, that's a great question.
Very, you know, your products at a supermarket, very well done.
Let's see.
Uh, Stoppy talking about the, uh, eight bit Zelda thing says, uh, I call that BS.
It's like saying checkers was a prototype for tactical RPGs.
I don't know.
I kind of thought it was neat.
There's a lot of, there, there is a lot of stuff from Zelda one that I see in the new
Zelda, but we'll, we'll get to that in a little bit.
Being that I was doing prototyping all this week.
Yeah.
Um, no, that is how you do prototyping because you don't want to spend a ton of time and
money on an elaborate prototype when you're just prototyping certain concepts like the
fire spreading thing and trying to solve, you know, puzzles in multiple ways.
You don't need anything elaborate.
You just want to try it so that you can get feedback right away.
I'm kind of surprised.
I mean, again, I don't know all the insides of your, your project you're doing and I know
I'm not supposed to, but I'm kind of surprised you guys didn't go to GDC for a day or anything
like that.
I was kind of surprised.
So, yeah, we don't think we need to not in the budget.
Well, not in the budget and not really needed at this point yet.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
All right.
Um, so let's talk about here for our kickoff topic tonight.
Let's talk about the Nintendo switch.
What do y'all think over in chat over at live.fognetwork.com?
Those of you that picked one up, do you, do you think it was worth the money?
Uh, do you, are you happy with your purchase?
Where, where's your head out with the Nintendo switch?
Um, I'll talk about my thoughts in a little bit.
Um, I want to get to dark soccer though, because you spent, even though you and Dan did not
buy a switch, but you did buy Zelda Breath of the Wild on Wii U and you played a buddy's
switch for a good 30 minutes or something like that.
Yeah.
Um, he brought his switch to work.
So while he was working, I was on lunch.
I played for a little bit.
So you didn't walk away that impressed with it, huh?
Not really.
It's nothing that I would want to go out and spend money on right away or would have waited
for the reservation or anything like that.
So for, for me, the, there was two, I don't know, the controller when using just the controller
felt too lightweight, too almost flimsy to me.
I mean, the buttons were nice, they were responsive, but it didn't feel substantial.
It had the same comfort of the Saturn analog controller, which as I'm sure everyone knows
is my favorite home controller, but, um, it didn't have the same sturdiness and heft
to it.
Are we talking about the controllers attached to the screen or are we talking about that
little puppy dog shell, the controller shell?
Okay.
Okay.
Just the control.
Cause we had the little screen out independently.
Right.
And graphically I didn't see too much of a difference except it was a little bit harder
to see cause that smaller screen, it's still actually was cause even on the Wii U there's
a, uh, uh, areas where you'll get draw distance issues and the same thing was happening on
that little screen.
And then, um, the other thing is that it was kind of hard to see, like the motion was a
little bit harder to detect on that smaller screen.
And then, um, with it connected with the, the joy con connected on either side and at
that point then felt too bulky.
So it just like there wasn't a happy medium with it.
Um, I haven't tried it on a TV yet.
I would, I'm curious, but, um, I would actually be more curious to see it on my TV so that
I can actually switch channels.
Um, this is something that Dan and I did with, um, Symphony of the Night where we had the
PlayStation one and the Saturn one and we're switching between, uh, channels to see what,
you know, do a graphical comparison.
I'd really like to get to the same place in both games and then switch channels to see
what it looks like to compare because I think doing it on two different TVs wouldn't be
a really good test because different TVs display different ways, but I'd like to see it like
on my TV both ways.
So even though your perception of Zelda in particular was a little more negative, these
first impressions of the Switch, you're still kind of like, I'm still open to get one when
the games start coming out a little later on, right?
That's, that's kind of the sense I got from you.
There is no reason for me to have one right now, because I mean, there's no Animal Crossing
Um, the other game that I wanted, Puyo Puyo Tetris, I already own, I have it on PS4.
And so there's, there's legitimately no reason for me to have one.
But when we start talking about the Splatoon twos and the Mario Odyssey's and whatever
other surprises.
I haven't played the first Splatoon.
Oh, you're missing out.
So I'm not excited.
It's fun.
You're missing out.
I'm sure it is, but I'm not excited.
I mean, I have no basis of comparison and Mario, I mean, I'll be honest, I'm not as
excited over Mario games these days, you know, I want there to be something that is going
to, uh, I think be more exciting.
I want something unique, something different, you know, I mean, the only thing out right
now that I would want to play is Binding of Isaac two and even then, you know, and that's
not actually out yet.
Yeah.
It's not on the story yet.
At least not in the U S they had the, um, the advanced orders.
I think it's like soon it's within the next couple of weeks.
I think they're really trying to use the Indies to kind of pace out some of the releases
a little bit like blaster master is next week.
Yeah.
So, and that's, I'm really excited about that is happier about that, but I'm still not,
I'm still not sold.
And I mean, I went into two different game stops today, um, because I was looking for
Wii U pro controller, which they didn't have, I got it at target, although I did get a Jessica
Jones pop figure cause it's the only place I've seen it, but you know, and I was just
talking to the staff, you know, just, you know, shooting the shit.
And they're like, yeah, they all went out really quickly, but you know, we haven't had,
you know, other than that, there hasn't been too many people in asking about them.
So it was kind of like that initial rush, but you haven't had a lot of like either just
people kind of know they're gone or yeah, they just like, yeah, we're going to get some
more, but right now the only ones that we have in stock are, um, our, uh, orders.
And they said that, um, even then no one's come to pick some of those up.
Um, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, come on, Noel, Gus and chat says it's
been underwhelming.
I love breath of the wild, but other than that, it feels like a generic Android tablet.
If I could play Overwatch on it, I probably wouldn't complain, but yeah, it sucks.
There aren't other games to play.
And then, uh, let's see, act deft in chat over at live.vognetwork.com said I would give
my opinion on the switch, but we all know what happened.
Amazon apparently fucked a lot of people over.
Um, and I feel kind of bad because I got, I ordered from Amazon and I got it.
Uh, I was a little worried though for a minute, which is the whole reason why I had the two
systems pre-ordered in the very beginning.
I also had one from Best Buy, but I was able to find a home for the Best Buy one and I
don't, I don't scalp, I charged exactly what I paid for it.
So it worked out all in the end or what have you, but yeah, Amazon really screwed a lot
of people over.
Uh, and apparently they were like charging cards when they didn't really have the inventory
or they were, they weren't charging, they were putting the hold on them and Amazon had
no reason to do that.
So I was, because they didn't have the stock for it, they didn't make good on the delivery.
And I think Amazon has a big part of its, its case that it tries to do with Amazon Prime
is that you get the release day delivery.
So a lot of the crap they've been pulling from what I'm hearing, again, my experience
ended up being fine, but I know several people, not just Act Deaf, but I know quite a few
other people that were having problems with Amazon.
So I think that was kind of bullshit on Amazon's part and I'm kind of glad they're getting
dragged through the media for it and I sort of think it's unacceptable they didn't have
an answer yet.
Um, so I, I hope that Amazon comes out on Monday to talk a little more about how they're
going to prevent that kind of crap in the future because that was, uh, that was, um,
really just, it makes a lot of people question if they want to order stuff from Amazon in
the future.
Uh, when it comes to like release day delivery and all that stuff, I mean, ordering a Blu-ray
that you don't need right away or something is one thing, but you know, when you want
something on the day it releases because that's where all the hype is at or whatever, like
that's what you expect.
So, um, yeah.
The worst part to me is the fact that Amazon put a hold on the cards.
Uh, that's, that's the part that I can't reconcile in my mind.
Like it would be one crime for them to, well, not, not actual crime, but it'd be customer
service crime.
It'd be one thing for them to not deliver on the promise they made, but it's a whole,
like it's even worse that they put the holds on the cards and still didn't deliver on it.
That is really fucked up and, uh, Amazon needs to answer for that.
I, I, I told one of my friends to file a complaint with a better business bureau, but my friend
was like, oh, that never does anything and that I'm like, well, it doesn't do anything
because everybody's, everybody, well, everybody's
he sits there and says, I'm, it's not going to do anything.
If everybody who sat there and says, it's not going to do anything, did something, then
it would force Amazon to at least answer the question about what's going on.
And I, they may have put, I think I did, they, they put some, you know, very general type
of thing out there, but it is really messed up that Amazon had, they were saying, come
to our bookstores.
We've got the Amazon's or the Nintendo switch here at our Amazon bookstores come to this
and, and was advertising all these other ways, but yet they could not fulfill the obligations
that they had in the other side to, to me that says, is Amazon too big of a company?
Does it need to be broken up?
Cause it doesn't know what the other ends of the company are doing, but I will go there,
but I'm just, no, you know what they should do instead sell more games through other platforms.
I see what you did there.
Yeah.
We'll get to that a little later.
Okay.
Um, okay.
Let me talk about me and the Nintendo switch though, because, um, I'm, I'm walking away
from it feeling more positive.
I think a lot of the complaints that have been put out here on this show, especially
in regards to, um, the amount of software that's out right now and all that stuff.
Uh, the fact that the OS is, is pretty much half baked, that there's a lot to come soon.
That all still kind of holds true.
But I will say this, I walked away from it feeling different than dark Sakura.
I thought the controllers in the shell, I really liked the way that felt.
Um, and especially when I was playing a game like fast racing remix, when the HD vibrations
came into play, which you can even feel in the shell, like I thought that was a really
good feel for the game.
Um, so I actually liked the controller.
It is a little bulky when you have the controllers on the side and you're playing it as a tablet.
That was not my favorite way to play.
And I don't think I'll be doing that a lot.
Like I, I, you know, tried it a couple of times this weekend.
Like I would lay in bed and play Zelda or something like that, which it is kind of a
small screen for a game like Zelda.
There's a lot going on.
I think that small screen probably works, works a lot better with something like probably
the one, two switch game or like fast racing Neo or something where there's not as much
like writing or small details in the distance things you're looking for, uh, that probably
work a little better.
Um, on a television, they do that, that, that, uh, tablet.
But to the tablet's credit, I was like, wow, this is a very bright, vibrant, detailed screen.
And I, I thought it was a neat little piece of technology.
And I think the whole thing feels really sleek to me.
Like it feels like something Apple would have put out, honestly, like the, the switch feels
really nice in that regard.
And one thing I do like about the OS is that everything really snaps.
Everything is very fast and I've gotten to come to accept with Nintendo systems that
they're very slow and clunky.
Like the Wii, it's like now loading the everybody votes channel, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Like in that whole thing or the eShop, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, like it's
like one loading screen turns into another loading screen turns into like, it's really,
really slow.
But on the switch, everything is pretty fast.
Like going in, going into your picture gallery to edit the picture and share the picture
is like navigating a website.
It's really fast and not like a clunky mess.
Like it kind of is on the 3DS trying to share things to Miiverse.
I am a little surprised though that Nintendo did not take the opportunity to, when you
have this friends list and you have these things that you're sharing, I'm really surprised
that it didn't create a newsfeed type of thing like you have on PlayStation 4.
Maybe that's something that will come in the future.
I don't know, but the OS on the Switch, as we all know, is very bare bones right now.
There is really not a lot there.
One of the other big things that came out this week, the whole fact that friend codes
are back and they're on the Nintendo Switch, which we thought Nintendo was fucking done
with, but it looked like they weren't.
However, this is a big however, it does function very differently.
It's not quite as bad as it was on the Wii because, picture this, instead of a gamer
tag right now, you have a barcode number.
That's basically how it works.
So if somebody knows your barcode number, they can still send you a friend request.
You don't have to do that whole thing where it's like, I'm going to add you, then you're
going to add me, and then if we both added each other, we'll be friends.
You don't have to wait for that whole process.
You still send a friend request like you do on the other consoles.
The other thing is that strangely, even though on the Switch you can't search Twitter and
Facebook for your friends, even though the system connects to Twitter and Facebook for
the sharing of the pictures, you can see who you've added on Miitomo and who you've added
on Super Mario Run.
I still have not played the Fire Emblem game, but I imagine that's there too.
Those games will connect to your Twitter and your Facebook.
So since I added most of my Facebook Nintendo peeps through those games, they're all showing
up on my list.
My only grievance is that the list that's showing up is like everybody's first name
because it's not showing their tags or their Nintendo Network names or whatever.
It's showing whatever they use to sign into their console at home, which most people use
their first name.
Now I use Rob Roberts just because that's just become synonymous with my identity online
and everything.
So I know when I'm sending friend requests to people, they see Rob Roberts, and it's
pretty easy to know who I am.
Bobby was talking about this on his show.
His name is Black Wolf.
So I know who that was.
But then I'll get a friend request from Chris and I'm like, who the hell is Chris?
And I'm like, this me doesn't look very familiar to me.
I know like five different Chris's and maybe this is somebody on Twitter where like, if
it was their Twitter handle, I'd know who it is instantly or if it's their Twitter picture.
Yeah.
New Switch, who dis?
That's exactly the game that I've been playing all week.
But here's the other thing.
And the reason why I haven't been giving out my friend code or really seeking out to expand
my friends list right now, why, why do I need friends on the Switch?
There's literally nothing it does, except I can see when they're online and what they're
playing.
Can't send them messages.
I don't have any games that I can, I have Zelda and I have fast remix and I probably
will end up buying Shovel Knight before the week is up and I'll probably get Blaster Master
next week.
That's a pretty, that's a nice little set of games there for the first two weeks of
a console, but none of them connect to online and use my friends list yet.
Fast Rebracing is supposed to do that in its first update, but otherwise what's the point
of a friends list right now?
There really isn't one.
It's just kind of like you're building it out because you hope that later on when Splatoon
2 comes out, which is really going to need that online thing to be done, then you have
your friends list built up so that you have lots of people to splatter with point paint
a little later on.
So even though there's some weird shit with the friend codes and these other things that
are definitely like half baked and under finished in the OS, what it does do, it does very well
and it does it fast.
And it does have me excited for like, wow, when this gets to the holiday and Nintendo
really sees out its roadmap and you know there's a roadmap because you go to one thing and
it'll be like, this feature will be enabled when we go online in June.
This feature will be enabled when such and such launches in October.
This feature will be enabled when we figure out how to do networking.
It's like you see everything's got a month with it, but I am excited to see what it's
going to look like towards the end of the year because I think at the end of the year,
this is going to function a lot more like we kind of thought it was going to in the
beginning and maybe some of these shortcomings will be fixed.
Which brings me to the other thing I want to do here at the top of the show, which was
something we talked about last week.
So last week I said, what we need to do is we need to, since we know the Switch is going
to change a lot before December, we need to have the world's smallest time capsule or
shortest time capsule.
So we're going to actually build one here in studio that we will open at the end of
the year for either the Christmas show or the New Year's show.
So here's the deal.
Stoppy in chat says, Sky, did you remember to bring the sock?
No, good news.
We don't have to do the sock tonight.
Well, maybe I'll put a sock in there, but here's the thing.
Dark Sakura found a target in the discount aisle or something.
She's got this little like Darth Vader looking thing.
Is this like a kid's bank or something?
Yeah, it's like a little coin bank, but it has the shape I wanted.
It has the shape.
It's perfect.
It actually looks like something that you could like shove up an elephant's butt.
That's what it looks like to me.
It's an elephant suppository.
Exactly.
But that's, I guess that's what a time capsule should be, right?
So we're going to, we're going to put some things now in the time capsule.
What are we going to put in here?
We want to put, what are our grievances with Nintendo Switch that we hope they fix by holiday?
What do we hope the Switch looks like by holiday?
That's what we're going to put here inside the time capsule.
So I'm going to get some pieces of paper here and I brought two pieces of paper.
Sorry, I guess we'll have to share a little bit, but Loki, here you go.
I'll give you a piece of paper, save one for me because I want to start writing.
I did not prepare well for this.
Oh, if you guys in chat over at live.vognetwork.com have some ideas.
No, I think that's-
I don't get to contribute.
No, you get to contribute.
We just have to share a little bit.
Geez.
But you have to tell-
I don't want to share.
On my own.
Tough.
I'm going to wash, I'm going to wash your mouth out with soap.
I'm going to wash your mouth out with chocolate.
All right.
Anyway, I'm going to get a pen over here.
We need to start talking about the grievances.
Loki, I know you have some grievances.
What are you going to put in the time capsule, Loki?
I don't know.
I haven't actually played the system yet.
I mean, I have lots of grievances, mainly stop releasing unfinished consoles, goddammit.
But that's not-
Okay.
Hold on.
Hold on.
That's not a grievance.
Yeah, I know that they can fix.
Yeah.
Well, it is one they could fix, but that's not going to be fixed for several years.
That's not something they can do by the end of the year.
That's the problem.
Is it supposed to be like what I think the grievances are going to be by then?
So like if I say-
No.
Here, let me give you an example.
Here's the first thing I'm going to put in the time capsule.
Did they bundle?
Did they bundle?
I'm actually writing.
That's what I'm talking about.
Did they bundle one, two, switch in yet?
That's the first thing I'm going to put in.
Did they bundle one, two, switch in yet?
I'm going to put a statement.
Aw, fucking hell.
They delayed the new Super Mario Brothers game again.
There, you could put that in there.
You write that.
I bet they delayed Mario Brothers there.
And we're going to sign these too.
You have to be responsible for the crap you put in there.
All right.
So there's my first.
Did they bundle one, two, switch in yet?
Signed Rob.
So Loki's putting in.
Did they delay the Mario game?
All right.
Dark Soccer, I see you writing over there.
What are you writing?
Virtual Console.
Oh, yeah.
Where's my damn Virtual Console?
I had another one too.
And what's that you're going to write?
The DS Store or like some of the old games like they had on the DS Store.
So like, did they add DS to Virtual Console?
Well, they did do that on the Wii U though.
I don't know how they would do that with the switch because there's just the one screen.
I don't know if they would do that.
I guess they might.
You could do something where maybe you tilt the tablet vertically and it could be two
screens.
Just scrap that.
Okay.
I would go with augmented reality.
Oh.
It doesn't have a camera on it, but if it had, it doesn't have a camera on it, does
it?
No, it doesn't have a camera on it.
What about virtual reality?
Some people suspect they could go that direction with it.
No, I want augmented reality.
Like for example, if it had like a camera attachment, you could then, you know, like
things like Ingress or, you know.
Pokemon Go.
Or Pokemon Go.
Exactly.
Okay.
Okay.
Now I see where you're going with this.
Because you can, we do know Nintendo is going, you might think like, well, that's not going
to work, Jamie, because the tablet has nothing in it besides wifi.
However, we know the tablet is going to connect to your phone through an app because that's
how the voice chat's going to work.
So theoretically, what's stopping that tablet from being like a Pokemon Go Plus or something?
Doesn't it work in the same way where it's using the information from your phone to get
the data it needs?
Or even so, like the way that, you know, I have a first gen Apple watch and it doesn't
have the built in GPS, but it'll still, I can go walk around the block, come back and
sync my data and it would pull my GPS based off my phone, my phone location.
So the same thing in theory could work on the Wii U, I mean not the Wii U, but the Switch.
Yeah, I know.
I see the people in chat saying there's, you need a GPS attachment for that.
There's no GPS.
If it does Bluetooth though, it'll connect to the phone.
It could, I think it is a stretch, but why not?
Yeah.
Just a tad.
It's, it's like, Hey, I've got this phone that could totally run, you know, Pokemon
Go with the GPS and the data, but instead I'm going to tether to this large cumbersome
thing.
I'm not saying specifically Pokemon Go, I'm saying you can have a more advanced augmented
reality.
But the money was in Pokemon Go, so why wouldn't there be something else AR that Nintendo is
going to try?
I'm going to be this year myself, but, but that would be something I think would be definitely
something that would get more people to buy it.
All right.
Well write it down.
What the fuck?
All right.
Good.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Um, go into it.
I'm looking into chat over at live.fognetwork.com.
JD has a good one.
Better me import.
It's dumb that it can't pull from the Nintendo account or me Tomo.
That's a good point.
We're going to write that.
We're going to write that one down and we'll credit that to JP.
Oh, do you write that one down for JD?
Okay.
I was trying that one for JD.
I was thinking of it too.
So I totally agree with that.
So you stole it.
All right.
No, no, no, no.
I credited it to him, but I was thinking I would like me verse.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Uh, Oh, okay.
Here's a good one from dungeon buster.
I'm going to write this one down.
Okay.
Dungeon buster said, has Nintendo lowered the bullshit pricing for their pro controller
yet?
And I liked, yes.
What do you mean?
The Wii U pro controller went down.
I'd imagine that the switch pro controller, not in a year, not in the first year.
It's not going to happen.
Not in the first year, but I'll write it down.
I'll just write down.
Did any of the accessories go down in price yet?
Cause they're all that fucking was it the doc or whatever.
I saw the tear down video that is not $90 with a tech as just fucking plastic and like
some pastors and that's it.
Some bullshit.
That's what that is.
Okay.
Dungeon buster.
You know, this whole writing thing doesn't make for very good radio.
Well, I can read mine then.
All right.
All right.
And this is only obvious.
I bet the system's hacked already.
Two months to Linux.
I don't even give it that.
Yeah.
It's, they're already trying to find exploits and it's only going to piss people off more
that they block out, you know, features that most of their consumers like, you know, like
being able to back up their data and stuff like that.
And you know, being able to transfer saves.
But of course we're so afraid that they're going to get hacked.
Oh my goodness.
We're so afraid.
It's going to get hacked anyway.
So you know what?
There's nothing you can do.
There's nothing you can do.
It's just going to happen.
Well, there's a whole thing about the, the, the save States and all that.
I know, I know you're mentioning, but um, they go online or they'll, they'll work around
it.
Hacker's going to hack, right?
Right.
They're already trying to exploit it through the web browser.
That doesn't exist, but does exist.
People have actually exploited that to create a web browser for it already.
Um, let's see what else to, uh, what else do I want to put in the time capsule?
Um, I think the virtual console one was good.
That was the one I was thinking of as well, but you already got that in there.
Um, Oh, maybe with the virtual console though, maybe the whole, like, can we really play
the games online virtual console?
Like they said on the website, that's what I want to know.
I'm going to write that down.
Okay.
I also would, would like to see better, like some kind of streaming incorporation too,
you know, like, uh, kind of like how the PS four does.
I mean, if you could take screenshots and post them, you know, what's to say they can't
get like recordings eventually.
And they're supposed to be doing something like that.
So that's not a bad idea either streaming or, um, or like, you know how like you can
record video in the Sims.
So yeah, or like even Mario Kart, you could sort of do it even though Mario Kart kind
of cheated.
Mario Kart would, uh, do the replay in a higher rendering, uh, than the actual game was.
But I mean, it's still, it worked very well.
All right.
Uh, let's wrap up.
Let's wrap up.
Get the last ones written down there and throw them in the time capsule and then we will
seal it away to open up towards the end of the year.
Fruit flavors of the cartridges.
Fruit flavored cartridges.
No, no, no, no.
We don't want that.
All right.
Um, so yeah, let's go ahead and get those last few down.
So Loki, what are you writing now?
I've got three.
All right.
I bet the online services still shit.
Um, no less than two Wii U remakes announced at E3.
Okay.
Dungeon Buster also suggested that we had our EA and Ubisoft still committed to making
games for it.
Ooh, I like that one.
I like that one.
Are EA and Ubisoft still committed to making games for the Switch?
Are they committed to the games already?
I mean, they were easily committed to the FIFA.
So then they come out on stage though and do the whole, just like they did with Wii U.
FIFA!
FIFA!
All right.
That was it.
All right.
We're going to fill the, I don't want the segment to go on too long.
So we're going to get the rest of it out there and put them in the time capsule and
seal them away.
Date it with today.
All right.
Well, we'll know when it was done.
All right.
I'm doing it anyway.
It was a couple of days after the Switch was released.
All right.
I'm going to pass this down.
And then just for fun, I'm not going to tell you what this one is because it really has
nothing to do with games, but it's just a question I want to know the answer to.
I want to see if we come back in December.
I'll read this question in December when we open the capsule again.
And no, my game won't be done by then.
I'll show, I'll show my co-host what I'm going to put in there that has nothing to
do with video games, but I'm just going to put that question there to see if come December,
we find out what the answer is.
I think we should each put in like, though, also, you know, when we add these later, we
should also do like our top three things that we're playing this month.
Okay.
All right.
We should do that on another piece.
All right.
Let's do that.
We won't see all the time capsule yet.
Let's do that when we come back for part B. We'll add those in here as well.
All right.
So, I'm going to add that last question in for me and everybody else.
This is the best radio ever.
I know, right?
We should have probably done this before we went live tonight, but that's all right.
Oh, sorry Dungeon Buster, we've already put up our papers.
All right.
Put them in.
Here we go.
All right.
We're not going to seal the time capsule yet, but soon, because we'll come back and put
in the games we're playing right now, a little later.
Good Lord Loki.
You could make that smaller pieces.
Nope.
All right.
Well, we needed another part for the next question.
No, we don't.
Well, we have to put in the time capsule.
I'll remember what I've been playing, because I'll be playing Skyrim by then.
No, we'll have more.
I have more paper over here.
It's fine.
All right.
All right.
Wasteful.
All right.
Speaking of things you're playing, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
How is your gaming week?
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Dark soccer.
Well, it's kind of like Dan and I are both playing Breath of the Wild, because he misses
a bunch of shit.
So I'm like, hey, hubby.
Did you see that?
Did you see that?
I bet you can steal that meat.
Try shooting him in the head.
You know, it's just like this.
I'm like, no, you're ... Go the other way.
I'm backseat driving Breath of the Wild right now.
And wow, because I want to do the Gul'dan fight so much in every ... Okay.
Every time I get in a group, and we get all the way through everybody, and everything's
looking awesome.
And then like, oh, we're tired.
We don't want to do this one anymore.
Quit.
I want to beat the last ... Anyway, so I've been playing, and I have been playing a lot
of Bust-A-Move lately, trying to beat my 2 million point score, which I haven't yet,
because eventually I'll just go, oh, fuck this shit, and stop playing.
And Pokemon Go, and Miitomo, just like to make outfits.
I've so far made Katya in it.
I've made Bianca Del Rio.
I've made Lonk.
I've made Petch.
Lonk and Petch.
Oh, so I thought you were going to just have a whole drag queen family, but you just did
two.
Yeah, I just did two.
All right.
I might make another one, though.
I'm thinking about making Anjina, just because I want a bald me in there.
So I don't know.
I'm trying to think who else would be totally iconic in appearance.
Maybe Violet Chachki.
I don't know.
But so far, I just have my favorites, Bianca and Katya.
And then, although, okay, other complaint time.
There's this person who's making this little tiny me called Alice, and I'm fucking sick
of seeing Alice all over the fucking little fashion show crap that they have after you
do the closet.
Alice, stop.
Get a life, girl.
Seriously.
Did Alice go away yet?
All right.
Anything else for game week?
No.
All right.
Loki, how was your game week?
It was just basically Skyrim.
I played a little bit of Pokemon Go, just to, you know, I don't know, for some reason,
kill time, because I'm in my car and driving relatively slow through an area that's full
of Poke stops.
You had to get a party Pikachu.
I had to get a party Pikachu, but they don't have party Pikachus, because apparently Niantic's
like, hey, we're going to release this Pikachu hat thing, and now we're going to make Pikachu
never spawn ever again.
I finally got my two Pikachus today, and I say two because one, I have to evolve to Raichu.
I just had to drive around the neighborhood and just pull over at every Poke stop I knew
of in every park.
And finally, at one of the parks where there's a gym, there was a party Pikachu, and then
as I was giving up, I was like, all right, I'm just going to have the one, I just won't
have a Raichu, whatever.
As I was driving home, at my home park here, it was on the radar.
There was another party Pikachu, and I was like, yes.
So I was able to get my Pikachus.
Party.
Party.
But then, yeah, in Skyrim, I've been just doing the quest lines.
So I finished the Thieves Guild stuff, which those radiant quests are fucking stupid.
I'm so glad I'm done with that.
And the fact that they had that actually based, you know, one of the achievements is based
on doing like 20 of those was annoying, because they weren't hard at all.
It was just annoying, because it's random, and you have to do five in each of the holds.
And once you get down to that last hold, it's like, all right, I got to quit this.
Do it again.
Quit it.
Do it again.
Quit it.
Do it again.
Quit it.
Oh, I finally got one for the hold I need.
It was just irritating.
And then, of course, I also finished the Mages College quest line as well.
So I'm just going through some of that stuff.
So next, I'll be doing the Dark Brotherhood, and maybe I'll finally do the mainline stuff.
I don't know.
But, yeah.
That's it.
All right.
My gaming week, up until Friday, was pretty much a lot of the same old stuff I've been
playing, like Final Fantasy XIV still, Overwatch, playing a little bit of that still, trying
to get my loot box bonuses, forcing myself to play capture the flag mode, even though
I really don't like it.
But I did it once on PlayStation 4 and once on PC to get my extra loot boxes.
So I kind of found that if I do Lucio and capture the flag, I don't feel so freaking
useless because I'm healing.
I'm decent enough with Lucio.
I just can't really screw around with characters that are just fun to play right now.
I like playing Sombra for fun.
I'm not really good with her.
Same thing with Ana.
I like playing Ana for fun, even though I'm not really good with her.
But Lucio, the nice thing is the healing thing is more like an aura, so you don't really
have to think...
He's kind of a little easier to play for that, so I feel like I'm more effective playing
with Lucio.
But then the other character I find that I'm getting better and better with, who I really
didn't like at first, but now as I'm playing with her more, I'm really getting to like
her is Mei, because I keep getting her in Mystery Heroes, and I can actually stay alive
as Mei for a little while.
Just being the covert Mei that everybody freaking hates coming up behind people, freeze!
And then...
I want to cosplay.
I'm going to cosplay her.
You should.
I'm going to cosplay her.
It's a cute outfit.
In the winter.
In the winter, yes.
So that was that.
And then of course, Friday, Nintendo Switch.
So I've been playing this weekend.
Just a little bit of fast racing remix.
I just jumped into that just a little bit, probably not enough to really talk about impressions
except for, yes, it's fast, and it looks very nice.
I can tell it's a little better than the Wii U one, even though not like a huge difference,
but you know, enough.
But then I've been spending a lot of time this weekend with Zelda Breath of the Wild,
which you know, it really is a pretty tremendous game.
I mean, it's just, the scope of the game is gigantic.
Like you just don't even really believe it at first, because you start in this one little
area and you're like, oh, okay, this is like going to be the world that I'm playing in
right here.
And then you realize, oh no, that's just one little blip on the giant map.
It's like, oh shit.
The interesting thing about Breath of the Wild that I'm finding is the whole, like,
how there's more than one way to solve a puzzle type of thing.
That's very, very interesting.
And I know there's a lot that's inspired by Zelda 1, because you might remember from the
original original Zelda, the original Zelda didn't handhold you a whole lot.
You kind of had to go find level one, obviously level one's easy.
You had to go find level two, find level three.
You could play them out of order.
Yeah, you could.
Well...
Mostly.
Mostly.
You could play out of order.
There were a couple you could play out of order.
Like usually you would like, you have to get the raft to go to the next level and then
you get...
There's some like that, but there are a few, like I would think the first three, you don't
need anything.
Maybe bombs.
No, you need bombs to beat some of the bosses.
But anyway, like...
You can go through the whole game without the sword until you get to the last level.
Yes.
And there are different ways to exploit it and so forth.
So you know, and how did we, especially in the second quest of Zelda, where it's like
you had to burn the fucking right tree or bomb just the right rock to find levels.
Like you had to really talk to people and compare notes to figure these things out.
And I see a lot of this in this Zelda game as well, except there might not necessarily
be just one way to do it.
Like I was talking a little bit about this on Bobby's show.
One way to survive the cold might be to cook a meal.
That's how I did it.
Or you can find an item.
That's how Shane did it when we were comparing notes talking on the phone.
We might be to skin an enemy and wear his skin and coat.
You have to cook their teeth and do an elixir or something.
There's different ways to solve the problem, which kind of throws you off at first because
sometimes we're used to video games being so linear that there's only one way, one solution
to the problem.
But Zelda is really not like that.
And even Zelda, once you complete the beginning area, the little, I guess, tutorial area,
for lack of a better term, once you beat that little area, you can go straight to the castle
and try to beat the game.
It's probably not going to go well for you, but theoretically you're supposed to be able
to go to the castle and do what you need to do.
I just, I don't know if it would really be possible without ultimate precision, but that's
going to be the real fun to watch speed runners do later on.
So anyway, yeah, there's just, there's more than one way to do things.
And so, yeah, you really just kind of sit back and just enjoy the ride and just exploring
these different areas.
And there's that very Skyrim element to it where it's like in Skyrim, it's, oh, there's
this side dungeon.
What's going to be in here?
Well, now it's, oh, there's this shrine.
What's going to be over in here and, oh, I can chop down this tree or pick these plants
or what can I cook?
What do you mean nobody's going to tell me what to cook?
Like I just have to figure it out.
If I mix these ingredients together, I'm going to get this, or I compare notes with friends
or I go online.
That's part of the Breath of the Wild experience.
But it's, it's, I think it is a truly an amazing accomplishment of a game.
Probably going to be the game of the year.
I should have put that in the time capsule.
So a Zelda game of the year, because it probably already is.
And the interesting thing to me is that honestly, I think probably the way I would describe
Zelda Breath of the Wild is it's probably the best video game of the last generation
because it is a Wii U game after all.
It's the best video game of the last generation.
It's probably where this game is going to end up.
So it's an interesting, interesting way to kick off the Switch.
But yeah, I mean, it's a stellar, stellar game and you don't even, I don't even think
you need to be a huge Zelda fan to be into it because it doesn't really play a lot like
the other Zeldas to me.
I've always been a little eh with 3D Zeldas.
Like I didn't get into Ocarina of Time the way everybody did.
I know that's like sacrilege in some circles, but I didn't get into that.
Yeah, the only one I've ever gotten into was Wind Waker.
Uh, I liked Wind Waker HD and Twilight Princess on the Wii.
I don't know if that was just the novelty of the Wii or all that, but that Twilight
Princess kind of held my attention for a while for the 3D Zeldas and I really enjoyed that
when it came out.
But yeah.
Uh, let's see.
Looking in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Dark Tetsuya says the reviews I've seen it's
getting nines and tens all over the place.
Yeah.
I mean, honestly it, it deserves it.
And Dark Tetsuya says, yeah, speedrunners have a really weird order of doing the dungeons.
Like if I recall correctly, they start with level three probably in the original Zelda.
Probably.
They probably do.
Uh, come on.
No Gus in chat says, I wish I could find like 20 arrows at a time instead of just five.
There are places you can buy arrows.
So my question is, because this looked absolutely annoying when I saw them talking about it,
is the weapon durability.
Is that fucking annoying?
Yes.
I don't have an, I don't have a nice way to say it.
Yes.
It's very annoying.
Did you get the lightsaber yet?
No.
It's not the lightsaber.
It's called like the guardian sword.
Oh yes.
That I had, I had it for like five seconds.
And then it broke.
Yeah.
Or the, what?
The eightfold sword.
Yeah.
That one was awesome.
And it, it broke like five seconds later.
The durability on the weapons is not so hot.
And I, I don't know if there's a, because the, see, I got to watch my spoiler.
So I'm going to really try to speak in vague terms.
One of the other complaints I had in the beginning of the game was you can't even hold more than
like four shields and with as fast as all these things break, what the F am I going
to do?
Like this is, this is crazy talk.
Well, it turns out there are ways to work with that later on.
So I'm hoping the weapon thing is the same thing.
I could swear somebody was saying something on Twitter about that there is either you
buy them or there's like a blacksmith who helps you make stronger ones.
So maybe some of those issues will be resolved later on.
I just haven't found the answer to that yet.
And it is annoying.
You should get that out of the game in the first place because weapon durability is just
an artificial way to inflate the length of the game.
Well, yes and no, I would say yes to that.
If the game didn't hand out new weapons like candy, like the monsters will drop weapons
and you can pick that weapon up and beat the shit out of them with that weapon.
And, and that's that in some case with their own arm and yes, in some cases with their
own arm.
Um, and that, that also, by the way, that whole thing is really part of what makes this
Zelda game quite tremendous is that like the detail that goes into that, like when
you go and if you actually like pick up a weapon that's a monster was using, they'll
actually point and go, what are you doing?
Like that whole time.
And they go, they scream at you like they throw it straight into their eyes.
And that's when you throw it straight into their eye or you throw a bomb at them or something
like that.
And just, yeah, like the detail on the monsters and the way they kind of react to different
situations.
Like you could kind of watch them for a while and it's, it's, it's pretty neat.
Like the level of detail that goes into that.
So, uh, bonds double 06 says, so it's like border land, Zelda version.
Um, that's not some Assassin's Creed, not too far off.
It's that Borderlands is smart and didn't have weapon durability.
So they win, uh, come on.
No Gus says there's such a limited inventory though.
It's just weird having to drop something to pick something else up.
Yeah, it is a little weird.
At least the materials don't seem to be limited on inventory.
So I can pick up all the apples and plants and all that crap to my heart's content.
It really just seems to be the weapons and shields and that type of stuff.
So, but, uh, I'm enjoying it so far and I definitely want to play more of it.
Um, that will probably fill my gaming time.
Uh, although I don't know, a blaster master zero next week.
I'm really looking forward to that.
And I really hope that game doesn't let me down.
Um, but then there's mass effect in three weeks, so we'll see.
Anyway.
All right.
So that was my gaming week.
Let's get to, uh, some housekeeping, visit on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. We're
also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Um, I don't think we have any shows scheduled off for a bit.
Uh, we'll, we'll still be here over the next few weeks.
Um, yeah, I can't think of it.
There's no, uh, expos I can think of that we're doing, uh, that I'm going to be gone
all weekend except for the SAC indie arcade is, is starting to sneak up on us.
That's April 8th.
So that's like a month away at this point.
Wow.
And now I'm working on Saturdays.
Oh no.
You don't have to be able to do it with us.
Oh shit.
I didn't even think of that.
Not unless I can come up, figure something out.
All right.
Well at least Loki and I'll be, Oh, you hope you're there or we're going to have room.
I got to get away from the kids.
Yes.
I'll be there.
The only two Saturdays that I were able to get off for to go see drag queens.
Well, I'm seeing Bianca Del Rio and I'm going to the thing that they canceled in December
or because of all the weather.
Well, we'll, we'll see, we'll see.
Hopefully our soccer can make it, but if not, it's April 8th is the, uh, indie arcade and
Loki and I'll, we'll be there for sure.
Hopefully our soccer or we'll have to get a stand in, uh, for that day.
See what happens.
Yeah.
Uh, we'll be broadcasting from the event over in West Sacramento.
Uh, so we had a lot of fun doing that the past couple of years.
So I'm really looking forward to this year as well.
Uh, so look forward to that, but otherwise I'm not traveling for anything until like
dragon cons.
The first thing on my agenda.
I don't think I have, Oh, mag West is supposed to be a thing too.
That's technically the week before dragon con.
Um, but I don't have all the details on mag West yet.
So two more to come on that.
Let's get into some other gaming news.
There's still a lot that happened this week outside of GDC and the switch, right?
Yeah, there was.
And then I was actually kind of surprised cause I was doing research on other stuff
when I read this and I was like, Holy shit, this is pretty awesome.
So Microsoft announced this Xbox game pass.
It's a nine 99 a month service for Xbox one and PC that allows you to play a rotating
catalog of downloadable, um, Xbox one and backwards compatible Xbox three 60 games.
I didn't even realize you can play the Xbox three 60 games on the PC.
I didn't eat.
Well, you can do the whole streaming thing from your Xbox one.
I have done that.
I was playing dungeon siege three that way cause they were getting that away at one point
how that works with some of these other ones, you know, whatever.
Um, what the case may be.
So basically it's a rotating, a catalog of a hundred titles from all different publishers,
a two K Capcom, Sega Bandai Namco, THQ, deep silver, you know, blah, blah, blah.
And some of the games they're kind of showing in their little graphic here, they have like
halo five saints row, four mad max NBA, two K 16, uh, Lego Batman three, you know, it
looks like some pretty decent titles.
Um, it's going to be, you know, cycled out each month, so there'll be titles that rotate
out of there.
Um, it is basically said it's, um, I don't think you need to have Xbox live gold, but
if you do have gold, you get, um, you can get to try this out before it actually launches.
And then along with that too, they're going to be offering DLC a little bit cheaper if
you do subscribe to this.
So you'll be getting discounts off of, um, I think also probably full purchases of games
as well.
But honestly that is way better than fucking PlayStation now, as far as I'm concerned.
Well, I was about to ask, what's the difference between the two, but PlayStation now is all
PlayStation three and older stuff, right?
There's nothing newer on it, right?
Older games.
And this is not streaming.
This is downloading.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you can download it and play it off your hard drive and you don't need to be connected.
In fact, I believe they said, you know, you just need to connect once a month to, you
know, keep utilizing those games.
I think that's fantastic.
That's the perfect Netflix way to address that.
Why Sony hasn't done that beyond me.
I mean, I think this is how they should treat, you know, well, this is going to light a fire
for Sony to respond.
That'll be definitely, they've been like kicking ass as far as backwards compatibility support.
And now this service, I think that's pretty, that's a great revenue source and hello.
Fucking Nintendo, dude, you have this catalog of like hundreds of virtual console games.
You can't tell me you can't put out a service like this.
Are you saying that your games are worse, more than this shit?
I mean, to be fair, we don't know yet because virtual console, they might, I highly doubt
it.
I say that as I'm holding back laughter, but they technically Loki, we don't know.
Technically we don't know because virtual console is now yet and they haven't announced
what the virtual plan, a console plans are on the switch yet specifically.
So they could do a Netflix style model still, and we don't know about it, but I know we're
all kind of looking at it going, well, we all know what's going to happen to Rob.
It's going to be five bucks again, unless maybe you get a credit for owning it before
you can upgrade to a dollar and maybe the new little thing is that it has online.
I think that's what we're all anticipating, but Hey, if this whole move that Microsoft
is doing forces Nintendo to do a response, I kind of think Nintendo doesn't, I kind of
think Nintendo can get away with doing what they've been doing as far as virtual console
goes.
I, I, I'm not thrilled about it either, but I, I think Nintendo can get away with it and
they will.
Of course they will.
So and I probably am, aren't helping because I'll probably buy a lot of those games, at
least the ones I want to play again.
See now this won't be something that I'll be picking up, right?
You know, well I don't have an Xbox one, so it's definitely not something to be paying
for right away, but it might be something I'd be interested in maybe.
Although then again, I do have a back catalog of over, you know, 200 games or about 200
games on the PlayStation and 500 games on Steam.
Yeah, I probably should play through some of those first before I'm getting more older
games.
And plus a lot of these that are showing in the rotation there were included in those
like, you know, PlayStation plus, um, the Xbox live games of gold and stuff like that.
So I may already have those in my catalog.
Like I have NBA two K 16 on PlayStation, not that I'm really interested in playing it,
but I've got it.
Saints are a four.
I bought, you know, Halo five would be fun.
I think where this is going to really prove itself useful is that like, let's say you
buy like a grand kid or a kid or whatever, like their first Xbox one console or something.
This is a great way to have like an instant library of games to like catch up on stuff.
I think that's where this is going to really, and it's probably where Microsoft's being
smart with it because they want to lure more people and new people into Microsoft's, uh,
you know, library.
So this is a, this is a really neat way.
And look at it this way.
If you're like budget conscious, $10 a month is really not all that much.
Not that bad.
That's like lunch.
I mean, that's, it's really not that bad.
And I mean, if you're not looking to play like the newest, greatest thing.
How much is the EA thing?
Isn't the eighth EA thing like 20 is like much more than that.
I want to say it's at least like 20 bucks.
Does somebody in chat know the answer to that?
How much is the EA thing?
Yeah, I can look it up, but I want to see there's as much more than that.
And that's kind of, I would assume no EA games on this service because EA wants you to use
their more expensive thing for the EA game.
I don't see EA on there.
Um, I do see everybody else, but EA.
What a shot.
I don't care, honestly.
Not missing it.
All right.
Uh, Jamie checking in with you real quick.
Do you think there's a market for this type of Netflix style Xbox gaming thing?
I guess.
I mean, Netflix itself came really popular and killed Blockbuster.
Netflix has the, even though we keep saying it's Netflix of games and stuff, it's like,
it's the old Netflix of games because now I think Netflix has enough of its own original
stuff.
And that's, Netflix kind of knew it to their credit, kind of knew they had to go there.
It's $4.99.
The EA thing is only $4.99?
$4.99 a month.
Okay.
Well, $4.99 a month, one publisher versus $9.99 a month, a lot of publishers.
Well, Stan corrected and apologized to EA.
I thought it was a lot more money when I went in there and looked.
Maybe I was looking at some type of like three month pricing or something, but I'm okay with
it.
I mean, it'd be interesting, but I think a lot of people still like, you know, owning
their thing too.
That's very true.
$4.99 a year.
Oh, maybe that was something I was looking at.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, still, I don't know if I myself would buy something like this, you know, just because
I'm kind of like where, what Jamie said is that some people kind of like to own it and
I feel like the games that are going to be in this are not going to be the newest stuff,
which is usually going to be the stuff that I'm going to end up buying anyway.
It's kind of like, I don't know, you know, when I was back, back when I had like the
NES and the super NES, I was not all gung ho about owning stuff.
It was just renting it then playing it and then being done with it.
I think there's a lot of games that you could just get that experience where you just burned
through it and then you're done with it.
There's not a lot of replayability on them.
That's a good point.
We'll see.
Uh, bonds, double O six and chat over at live.vog network.com says they won't get money for
me.
I'm sorry.
Ninty and Sony 59 a year is enough for online features.
Brad from pod culture pointing out Blockbuster killed Blockbuster, unnecessary 100 Matt saying,
I'm sure come there E3 direct, we will know hopefully a lot more.
So we'll see.
Um, I, it sounds very interesting and I'd like to know exactly, you know, what that
list of games is going to ultimately end up being when it first comes out.
Um, I don't know if there's, I'm kind of like you, Loki, I have a big enough backlog as
it is like, I would be, I would be amazed with myself if I actually am able to take
the time to beat Zelda breath of the wild before something else comes out.
Yeah.
And I already have like a few EA tiles.
Like I was looking at the other day, I was like, maybe I should install need for speed
on my system or dragon age inquisition.
I have these like games today, my catalog, they just haven't played to register participation
for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vog network.com.
Use the passphrase trunk.
All right, well moving on, let's get back to the switch for a minute because there's
some other things going on.
Maybe not just necessarily in the U S with the switch, you know, we talked a little bit
about the U S has switched lineup, but, uh, in other countries, the lineup is a little
bit different.
And, uh, on the switch over in Japan, there's a game called voice or voice.
I think it might be pronounced like voice or something voice, uh, it's V O E Z is the
game.
It's a rhythm music game.
So right up our alley here at, uh, O L R there's 116 songs in this game and it's in Japan with
the console's launch, but yours was interesting about the game.
You can't play it in TV mode.
The game is only for tablet mode.
The reason why, because it's a touch screen music game.
And when you're on the TV, there's no touch screen.
There's no more infrared sensor bar or whatever.
So you can't even really use motion controllers like a pseudo mouse or something like that
to emulate touchscreen.
I know.
Right.
So that's gone.
So, uh, interesting that there are going to be games available on switch that will only
be in the tablet mode.
And you do see this, like even if you're browsing through the eShop, there's little icons that
show you in what modes the game is playable.
And one of them is the dock with the controller.
One of them is just the two joy cons disconnected with the screen.
And then the other is with the joy cons attached to the screen.
So there's different icons that show up and pretty much everything out that's in the U
S market supports all of them.
So you don't even really notice it.
Maybe if you own one, two switch, there's some mini games that will give you a sense
of this, how not everything can be done in every configuration.
But it is interesting that here we have a launch title nonetheless that won't play in
one of the configurations.
So it probably won't be the last of the switch titles to require the touch pad.
Kind of interesting, but, um, yeah, I, I don't know again, how many games in the future are
going to plan to do this, but, uh, we could see a few.
So, um, I have not seen a lot of this game, but since it is a music game, I'm already
interested a little bit.
I do know it has a TBD date for the U S but if you really wanted to get this game again,
because the Nintendo switch is region free, you can just make an account, you just make
a second account on your system and set it to Japan or Europe.
If you want to check out their store, obviously you have to pick a country, but you know,
set it to Germany or, or, you know, something like that.
And then you can go into their store and get their demos and their games and what have
you. And apparently it's like really easy to do.
I've even seen people on my friends list that have stuff from the arcade archives, the Neo
geo stuff that's out in Japan.
That's not out here.
I don't know if it was wild arms or something.
I don't know what it was.
Is that stuff like integrate with all your other games on like your little home screen
or does that going to be different based on which account you're logged into?
No, uh, then once you go back to your U S account, the game shows up there and it shows
up in your, like, uh, the, the person I'm thinking of is captain spike from game buoy.
If I go into his profile, you can see that he has the ACA Neo geo stuff right in there
with Zelda one, two switch, whatever else he's playing.
That's like, um, PlayStation, I think did that or something.
Someone did it.
Yeah.
I think it was PlayStation.
Yeah.
So the region free is working very well, which does kind of beg the question.
So why are we waiting so long to get voice here in the U S does that like English language
support?
Apparently you don't need to really understand, uh, Japan.
Oh yeah.
The game does have English language support apparently.
So there's really, yeah, I know.
Right.
Is it, could it be a music license thing?
I don't know if these 116 songs, if any of them are like, you know, Britney Spears type
of thing.
So there's music.
I can't imagine.
This sounds like a smaller indie title that long to new sharp licensing in other countries.
I would think.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So, Hmm.
Uh, interesting.
Uh, let's see.
Brad from pod culture says, uh, I'm calling it by the time switch to arrives the console
and the handheld will be one biz.
No more game boy slash DS.
You're going to have to wait for the next time capsule next year, Brad.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we'll keep you up to date.
I'm not really going to go and make a Japanese account just to get this game.
Um, cause there's plenty else to play right now, but I will be curious to check it out
when it does come out in the U S meanwhile, dark Sakura.
Another game we're looking forward to at least you and I are, even if everybody else
has some soft core space porn.
Okay.
Well, it's just mass effect Andromeda.
I mean, but we knew that there was going to be alien stripping going on.
Right.
So, um, there was a, uh, a post by Aaron Flynn, um, regarding, um, the, uh, uh, rating for
a mass effect Andromeda.
And there was the note that said, remember we lost the partial nudity rating and got
full nudity.
Um, so basically he's just going back and forth with the, with the fans and pretty much
responded.
Yes.
It's totally soft core space porn.
It could be a joke.
So that means we could get alien Dick.
There's well, I don't know if it's going to be Dick or, or Bush or anything.
I think it's going to be dead ass.
We have alien twat.
Like we had an, well, like in dragon age with Dorian, right?
Was Dorian the only one that had booty?
No.
But like you totally saw ass.
There was ass.
Well you did actually in the first mass effect.
Was there ass in the first mass effect?
Um, for the lady romance.
Oh, see, I never did the lady romance.
You got shepherd's butt or Liara's butt, depending on who you were going with.
Liara putting the ass in mass effect.
I actually did like on my little lol effect thing, I did three cheers for shepherd's butt
and posted shepherd's butt.
So yeah, but there was also, um, apparently some really steamy, steamy dialogue and one
that children shouldn't play under a certain age.
Um, so yeah, it's, it's going to be, uh, the rating is going to be a little bit more on
the adult level.
Um, and it's going to be, uh, giving into what fans want, which is alien shtipping.
Hooray.
I can't wait.
Uh, low key alien fucking isn't going to get you over to the mass effect franchise.
That's a gimmick.
I mean, I don't know.
Fucking on a unicorn might give me the play Witcher three, but it's just at the end of
the day, it's just a gimmick.
I mean, it's just, I don't know if the game's good.
Maybe.
I didn't play any of the other ones.
I just don't really feel the compulsion to play.
There's enough porn on the internet.
Okay.
I don't need to play a game strictly for the soft core pornography, which payoff porn.
I'm just going to say, remember the very first time I played mass effect, I wrote it off
and I was like, I don't, I'm not into this.
What is this?
And it wasn't until years later when Shane sat me down and said, no, you have to watch
this and made me watch on YouTube.
The Caden Shepard scene in mass effect three, I was like, I must play this game.
I must play this entire game.
I must lose 120 hours of my life to this franchise by playing it start to finish and a worth
it.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Uh, come on, no, Gus and chat says, I want Justin Trudeau to be a playable character
in ass effect.
The young Justin Trudeau, that's been making the rounds on a right on Twitter this week.
I knew he had to have been pretty when he was young.
Cause he's pretty now.
I was going to say, not that he's bad looking plank.
That means he's got core strength and that's important.
All right, moving on Loki, something that's not porn.
So Twitch is going to start selling games as well.
Basically what's going to happen is if you're playing a game, you can have it where a developer
can enable their game to be, um, sold on Twitch.
So like say you see someone playing Overwatch, you can purchase Overwatch, um, developers
are going to get 70% of the revenue.
Um, streamers will get 5% of that.
And then companies, I guess Ubisoft and telltale have already signed up.
They're saying though, the games bought on Twitch can be played through the Twitch launcher
through the developer slash publishers, existing services such as you play boo.
You play boo.
That's not a positive.
Nobody wants to play through you play ever.
Um, esteem an option because like, boo, why the fuck would I, I mean, I decided to give
money to the, the streamer, which is just throw them like a donation or something if
you're here and do that.
But fuck that.
I am not playing through you play for anything.
It's vital by Ubisoft games.
Here's the, here's the other question I have about all that.
Cause when I was first reading about it, it was only partnered streamers get that 5% kickback.
I don't know if they went back and changed it because I was like, yeah, it is only partnered
streamers.
So that's kind of a, that's kind of a dick.
Exactly.
Cause there's a lot of smaller streamers who aren't partnered.
Why do suddenly they lose out on this?
I don't understand that difference to drive that whole partnership thing.
Honestly, you know what?
5% revenue from something it's, you know what?
It's going to take a while.
I understand.
Do, do the YouTube thing where it's, well, don't totally do the YouTube thing cause YouTube
has its own issues, but the YouTube thing is what you don't get a check until you actually
make a hundred dollars in revenue type of thing and do that sort of thing for the smaller
people.
Then if they're, if they're worried about that, like there's going to be streamers that
just like don't ever make it, but it just, it just seems silly to, um, or just, you know,
it's Ubisoft and telltale games.
Do we really need to ha do you really need to purchase after Twitch?
Have you not heard of like telltale games or Ubisoft games?
Just fucking buy them through the respective platforms.
I mean, I don't know.
What's what's the point.
Do I still get my prime discount if I sell by the games this way?
Probably not.
Cause the prime discounts only when it's pre-orders.
Huh?
Does it work?
No, it does work for games that are already out, right?
I can't, I can't even remember.
It's been so long since I bought a game after it was already out, but I think when I bought
I think it's silly.
I mean like, uh, why would I like if I was going to buy a telltale game through like,
let's just say Twitch, okay, I'm gonna buy through Twitch.
I'd just go buy it through Amazon if I was really going to do that since it's the same
service anyways.
At least then I'd probably get steam code.
But don't you want to support your favorite streamer?
You know what?
There's a lot of ways to support my favorite streamer if I was going to do that.
And fucking, this is not needed is what it is.
It's not really needed because if I wanted to support them, what, 5% of a $20 game.
I mean, what is that?
Like a buck?
Yeah.
Throw them a dollar.
If you really want to do that or throw them, you can, and plus, plus if you donated or
subscribe to their channels, I'm like you get extra emoticons or whatever shit that
they incentivize people with.
I mean, I think that's more worthwhile than this nonsense where I have to play it through
you playing it.
I don't get steam code or some shit like that.
Fuck that.
No, I don't think so.
I've been trying to do more and more streaming lately and build up my presence over on Twitch.
Cheap plug, Rob Roberts.
I don't really do the whole donations thing because I don't, I'm still kind of weirded
out by the whole begging for money thing.
For me.
You do what works for you on your streams and the charity streams, of course, obviously
I think those are great and so forth.
I still have this weird area to like, do I want to make money off this?
How do I do it?
Feeling like I'm giving my viewers what they're paying for type of thing.
Long story short, if you want to support me, send me food.
I love food.
Send me cookies.
Send me, uh, I'll take Mountain Dew and Doritos.
Fuck.
I will.
Just send me food.
Or like in the case of this, like we're, let's say Girl Scout cookies are in season, Loki.
You can do the Samoas or whatever they call them now, but there'll always be Samoas.
Send me lots of Samoas.
Or just like put yourself, like get a partner link for Amazon and just fucking link that
shit in your channel instead and you probably more revenue from that stuff.
I mean, why, why would you do this?
I don't know.
It's just, the only way it makes sense to me is if it's just automatic.
Like it's like a thing that you can just tick a box or something like that and then when
you play those games that it just happens to do that.
But honestly, with the games that are streamed through Twitch, I don't think any of these
are at the top or even anywhere near at the top of the list.
Maybe, maybe with, um, you know, the new Ghost Recon game or something like that.
But yeah, that's kind of a stretch for the rest of those.
Let's see.
Uh, some folks in chat over at live.vognetwork.com JD says Girl Scout cookies just ended last
week.
Why you gotta go and ruin everything JD?
Why you gotta go, you gotta just, just take a big fat crap on this show.
No, I'm just kidding.
I, aren't they still trying, I know they're still trying to unload those cookies though.
I've been seeing the statuses on Facebook, like who wants to buy these cookies?
Uh, let's see, Brad from Paw Culture suggests Stroopwafel.
Oh, now I like that idea, the Stroopwafel.
Why not I could do a fund on Twitch to raise alcohol money.
That's like, it's, it's like that honest, it's that quote unquote honest beggar that
you see that says, you know, I just want to buy booze.
You know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna give that guy a dollar cause you know what, he's, he's honest
about what he's going for.
So maybe, maybe that's what I need to do on, on Twitch.
Just beg for alcohol money.
Uh, come on, Noel Gus suggests that, uh, I'd send Sky some socks.
Hey, you know, you know what?
I, socks are awesome, especially like those, like the designer cute socks that you get
like, like they have sock stores at the mall now.
I got these, the socks that I'm wearing right now are these weird, like my mother-in-law,
they went to, uh, Monterey and they brought me back socks for some reason.
And I was like, what socks?
I'm like, okay, thank you.
Thank you.
That's nice.
But those socks are fucking comfortable.
I wear them all the time.
They're fucking warm.
Those Donkey Kong socks from Vans are really cute.
They're not anything special, but man, they are fucking comfortable.
And why stop at socks?
Why not underwear too?
I mean, I'm not going to be able to show that off on Twitch cause that's a violation of
the terms of service and let's both be thankful for that.
But you and I'll know a little secret.
I'm gaming very comfortably this week.
All right.
I took it to an awkward place.
Sorry.
Let's go to a news about Overwatch, a game that a lot of people are playing on Twitch.
Are they going to be able to sell Overwatch on Twitch?
Depends on Blizzard.
I think, I think eventually they'll probably be like, fuck you guys.
We don't need you.
Overwatch sells itself.
Blizzard has revealed its latest character.
And as many people thought, the 11 year old girl that builds robots that they introduced
last week, Effie, she is not the new hero, but she built the robot.
Who is the hero?
The new hero is Orisa.
Orisa not Doomfist.
A lot of people said, oh, maybe Effie like did something where she was creating something
to help Doomfist or whatever.
No, it's actually the opposite.
Orisa was created to try to, I guess, stop Doomfist because Orisa was attacked by Doomfist.
And so that's kind of how she fits into the story.
I actually did play a little bit with Orisa on the test realm and I'm enjoying her as
a character.
She almost feels a little overpowered to me, but I think all new characters do at first.
I was getting into a Twitter discussion about it and I was like, man, her barrier is like
really strong.
But then one of my friends was like, how easy would it be as Junkrat to just fire bombs
right over the barrier or Pharah?
That barrier ain't going to do shit to a Pharah.
I was like, oh yeah, these are good points.
So, you know, people will be kind of thinking of the different counters to Orisa.
But Orisa is still fun to play and I think will be one of the more fun tank characters
to play.
So that's pretty cool.
Bastion just got a lot of changes too in the most recent update in Overwatch.
So yeah, Bastion, in fact, may be too powerful.
Some people complaining and bitching and moaning on the forums because that's what people do.
The Bastion is almost too powerful and you see Bastion in almost every game at this point.
So there was actually one of the directors, Jeff Kaplan, from Overwatch actually went
on to the Battle.net forum to kind of talk about what they were going to do with this.
He actually said, over the past few nights I've played with and against Bastion.
My perception is that he's a little too powerful right now.
In particular, in one match I was playing Bastion and the enemy Tracer was trying to
hunt me down.
The Tracer player was clearly a better player than I am, a very skilled individual.
I relied heavily on myself heal and the Tracer could not finish me off, but I was able to
kill Tracer in recon mode almost through attrition.
That part felt wrong to me.
So interesting that the director gets in there, plays the game and even recognizes, even though
he's the director, there's people at the game better than he is and that yeah, he should
have lost that particular round.
So I think they did make a small Bastion nerf in the most recently micro patch they just
rolled out in the past couple days and they may do some more fine tuning with Bastion.
But I mean the biggest thing they did is that Bastion's self heal you can use while moving
now and like you can pretty much like bring yourself back up to full health as you're
moving along the map.
So it's pretty crazy what he can do.
So I think they need to find like the right medium for that.
But that's what's going on in Overwatch.
So all right, moving on, DarkSakura.
Well something that I think would make, well first of all, number one, it's making me happy
and it would also make other fans of the series very happy is Danganronpa news, which
you haven't played any of them yet, have you?
No I have not.
I hear you talk about them all the time, but I haven't played them.
I got Shain in on it because he was wanting something to fill the, great now I can't think
of it, Phoenix Wright itch and so Danganronpa was it.
Anyway, Danganronpa V3 is going to be available on PC, they've confirmed.
Spike Chunsoft has confirmed.
So that means that it will be out on September 26th for that PS4 and Vita.
And Spike Chunsoft itself is going to be doing the publishing for PC instead of NIS America,
who's doing it for the Sony platforms.
The other games were ported by Abstraction Games who did some pretty good stuff.
So I'm really excited because I kind of didn't want to play it on something with a controller.
I much prefer playing the Danganronpa series on my computer because then it's easier to
pause, I can walk away from it, I don't hurt my hands so much.
So for me, this is really good news.
And then it's also easier of course to screenshot, so Danganronpa.
One of those series I'll get into on a rainy day at some point.
You should.
So much stuff to play.
There's better stuff to play.
Alright, moving on, just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then the classic game of the week, ooh and the classic game this week is a pretty good
one.
I mean I could say that every week but let's be real, she picks some real stinkers sometimes.
And purpose.
This one is a stinker but it's a good one.
Anyway, I'll leave it at that.
Loki.
Alright, so GDC, they announced the new Xbox Live Creators Program.
So what's kind of different than the current ID at Xbox program that they have right now
is they're lowering the barrier of entries.
So right now, and I think this is kind of what they hinted at before were any Xbox to
be used as a dev kit.
Anyone with an Xbox One in conjunction with different game engines like Construct 2, MonoGame
and Unity, you can develop a game for it and the Windows 10 store with Xbox Live's integration
and they also, with that, they're going to have their own sections in both of those stores.
Microsoft does not have to provide concept approval for the game in order to appear on
the store.
Oh.
Or, yeah.
So, yeah, real easy barrier to entry there.
So are we kind of getting back to the indie game thing then?
That's what this is starting to sound like, yeah.
But how do they know, because they used to have the peer review process, right, to kind
of filter out some of the crap?
I don't know if they're going to continue to have that.
I would imagine that maybe they have some sort of review program in there.
But yeah, you can already sign up for it in developer or Microsoft.com.
It was the Xbox Live Creators Program.
Which is why we are out there, because I need to know if this means we're getting Bungee
Ferret tossing on Xbox One.
That's what the minute I heard about this and the fact that, oh, it's Xbox One's answer
to the indie games thing, that was the first question.
Some of the other differences that are on this between the two different programs, because
I'm not sure if they're going to keep both programs on there as well.
Well, indie games is gone or they were there.
All right.
I know the indie games is gone, but they had ID at Xbox.
So there's two different things right now.
So yeah, I guess you can apply for either one.
So the Creators Program, for example, the presence on the storefront is a little bit
more basic.
The multiplayer is not supported.
And achievements are not supported.
Which is, that was all in line with indie games, if I remember right.
So you could do like leaderboards on indie games, maybe, but that was about it.
Yeah, multiplayer, though.
Did they?
But wait, we heard Xbox Live integration, so that doesn't really seem to jive with that
article.
I think it's something like you can do leaderboards, but you can't do like full on frickin' like
multiplayer at the same time.
They have multiplayer, though, in indie games.
Because I remember they have those really shitty Minecraft clones that you could do
multiplayer in.
I don't know.
I mean, it's a neat idea.
I'd be willing to check it out whenever I get an Xbox One.
Okay, Bobby's helping out with some of the answers to the question I have about YYR.
Bobby Blackwell says, he'd have to convert Bungee Ferret tossing to Unity and make it
a universal Windows app.
I forgot about that, of course.
XNA was a whole other language that you could make, so that would be a challenge in itself.
I get that.
Bobby continues, you're creating universal Windows program apps with the Xbox One Creators
Club, not actual Xbox One games, and XNA isn't supported.
You could do leaderboards only, but not achievements, not sure about online play.
So okay, that makes a little more sense.
So this is where basically, but you could put, so hypothetically, you could put Time
to Car on Xbox One, if you ever finished the fucking thing, because you did it in Unity.
I could.
I wouldn't want to.
But you could.
I could.
You could.
Or I could make just something else for it.
I mean, yeah.
I'm going to be very curious, especially now that we're going to be meeting with a ton
of indie gamers in a month's time, I'm going to be very, I want to poll some of these folks
to talk about, like, what is this going to mean for them and what they're doing?
I'm very curious to hear that.
So, yeah.
All right.
Well, we'll see what continues to develop with this and what indie folks we know that
might take advantage of it.
One other game that a lot of folks are still playing and getting ready for its sequel,
which, you know, we know one's happening.
We just don't know when exactly, but that's Destiny.
So Destiny is a game that many people are still playing online and having a good time
with, and some folks were ready for Destiny 2 to come out so they could take all that
character and all the progress they've built and move it into Destiny 2, except Bungie
said this week, it's not going to work that way, actually.
The characters that you made in Destiny 1 will be reset going into the new game.
So everything you've earned in Destiny, like your money, your points, and all that stuff,
not going to happen.
However, if you have, I guess, like, cool outfits and things like that, you can bring
those over to Destiny 2.
Some of that stuff will come over as far as the more look type of things.
But your powers, your possessions, Eververse-related items and currency will be stuck in the first
game.
That's it.
Personalizations, if you got past level 20 and did the Black Garden story mission, that
will carry over.
Some people kind of see that as a little harsh reboot, but at the same time, I kind of look
at this and go, it is a separate game, though.
If Destiny 2 is supposed to be a separate game, they want everybody to start over.
That's part of the reason I haven't really got back into Destiny myself is because I
played it in the very beginning and, you know, it was fun, but then I didn't really have
time for all these expansions and things like that.
And now it's like, well, I don't really want to get back into it because everybody else
is like so far along.
So Destiny 2 is going to kind of hit the reset button on that a little bit, I think.
I guess it's like EverQuest 1 and EverQuest 2, right?
Your characters didn't really carry over there either, but that ended up being a bad thing
for EverQuest 2 because a lot of folks wanted to stay behind and play EverQuest 1.
You could look at Final Fantasy 11 and 14 kind of the same way.
Not everybody, you know, the two games don't really have anything in common.
There's some people, not a ton, but some people who stayed behind and would rather play the
older game.
But I don't know.
Destiny is also much different than your other traditional MMOs.
I don't know if Destiny is going to have that same problem that those other games I mentioned
had because it's still going to be a very similar type of game.
So anyway, Kaijuto does bring up an interesting counterpoint, though, going, didn't they
sell Destiny as this ongoing story that you live in?
Oh yeah, it was that whole 10-year plan for Destiny.
Remember that?
Well, that doesn't sound like it worked out so well.
Kind of like the PlayStation 4's 10-year life cycle.
Well, I mean, it sort of worked out.
I mean, if we want to not consider this new console a new console.
Here's the thing, too, with Destiny is that they would probably tell you that Destiny
2 is part of that life cycle.
And there are some things you're carrying over.
You're carrying the essence of your...
Oh, fuck them.
The essence, Loki.
The essence, the O'Day character is coming over from the original Destiny.
That's what you get.
All right.
You know what?
We need to take a trip down memory lane, back to simpler times.
When there was no expectation of this online system and things that carried over, you play
the game, you beat it, and then you threw it in the trash.
Just kidding.
You didn't do that.
You put it in the gaming vault where DarkSakura walks into every week to find a game that
she thinks, hey, look, brats, put down your Switch.
Why don't you switch?
I'll switch you.
I'll switch you.
Go pick your own Switch.
And here it is, the classic game of the week, DarkSakura.
What is the classic game that the kids should be playing this week?
Night Trap.
Oh, God.
Maybe kids actually shouldn't be playing this game.
No, they shouldn't be playing it.
Actually, it's really not that great of a game, but it's iconic, I will say.
Yes, it is a legendary video game, if nothing else.
Starring the late Dana Plato.
R.I.P.
Who had a shithole of life after different strokes, but still.
It is an interactive movie game that was done by Digital Pictures for the Sega CD, and it
came out in North America on October 15th, 1992.
It had ports for the Sega 32X, the 3DO, MS-DOS, and Mac OS.
It was basically 90 minutes of full motion video that basically the advent of the CD
ROM pretty much is what made a game like this possible.
So basically, the plot of the game is that these young women of various states of dress
are the targets of these things called augurs, who are vampiric kind of beings who want to
steal their blood.
And so you have to switch between these different hidden cameras and activate traps to catch
them to save the women.
Now the thing that makes this game notable, even though it's not that great of a game,
is that it was really a source of controversy, because in 1993, people had an even bigger
stick up their ass, and it was really mature, really mature.
There was a bathroom scene where the girl's wearing a towel, and she screams for like
seven minutes with a pipe in her throat, well, the little augur thing.
They like this hook that goes around your throat, and it looks like it's got a pump
attached to it.
Okay, gross, gross, gross.
Yeah, anyway.
In the US, it was actually one of the games that contributed to the creation of the ESRB,
the Entertainment Software Rating Board.
In the UK, it got a 15 rating.
So basically back to Night Trap, the game itself.
So you have an undercover agent whose name is Kelly, played by Dana Plato, who has infiltrated
one of these parties.
And these women are staying at Mr. and Mrs. Martin's house, and they seem like a normal
family, but five other girls who had stayed at this house before disappeared, so why other
people are wanting to go the fuck to this house, I have no idea.
And so they send in the Sega Control Attack Team, also SCAT, on other systems it was changed
to Special Control Attack Team, so yes, the SCAT team sends Kelly in, and you are monitoring
the whole situation through hidden cameras.
I don't even know how the fuck they got the hidden cameras in the house, but you know,
a lot of magic.
Finally some actual people too, like the whole first five minutes of this was just watching
these guys get, fall through trap doors, and fall through curtains and things like that.
But now we actually, I was like, where's the chicks in bikinis?
Where's that part?
And now we're finally at least seeing people, even though these are not.
I was promised girls in panties, pillow fighting.
Where is that?
The game is called the trap em up genre, so you have the events that are going on in different
areas of the house, and you can only view one at a time, and so you can actually see
the augers creep into the house, and you have to spot them and use traps to capture them,
they have to get to certain places and you trigger the trap kinda, I mean, kinda like
Dragon's Lair, I guess, a little bit, but more like, more timed in certain places, so.
We need a crossover between this and Five Nights at Freddy's.
They've gone into the wrong house.
Five Nights at Scaddy's.
Anyway, you, the way that you do, actually, I don't think it would be too off from Five
Nights at Freddy's, just a little bit less interactive.
You know, it's more scripted, I think, than this, where Five Nights at Freddy's tends
to be a bit more random.
But anyway, you have access codes that pop up on the screens, and the codes change the
different parts of the course of the game, so you have to keep the accurate code by listening
to the different conversations, and so you actually have to play the game multiple times
to get what these codes are.
The game is real-time, it cannot be rewound, and if you miss too many of the augurs, the
game will end, or if certain characters are taken away, or if the host of the slumber
party disconnects your access to the traps.
You know, there's even, like, one part where, like, your boss in the control center cans
you, for sucking, he yells at you for letting all those poor, poor half-naked women die.
Aw.
So it was actually filmed in Culver City, three weeks in 1987, and it was originally
developed for Hasbro's control vision video game system that was codenamed Nemo, and it
used VHS tapes instead of ROM cartridges.
But Hasbro discontinued the production, and so the footage went into an archive until
the founders of Digital Pictures purchased it in 1991.
So they imported everything over for a CD-ROM format, put it out on the Sega CD, and then
later there was the 32X, 3DO, and PC versions that had higher quality.
There also was a Mac OS version.
You had, for actors in there, you also had, apart from Dana Plato, you had Arthur Burghardt,
Blake Gibbons, and Andrus Jones, which I don't know what else the fuck they were in.
I've never heard any of those people.
I was just looking at the names of the actors, I was like, who are they?
The only one I recognize is Dana Plato.
So with the release, basically the mentions of Sega products were removed from the 3DO
and PC and Mac versions, so they actually replaced some of the videos with the original
footage that was made for the first release for the Hasbro control vision.
Some of the other versions were also giving higher quality video, because the Sega CD
didn't really have the best resolution for video.
The 3DO version had an on-screen map with the color codes for the different rooms.
The PC and Mac one had a save function within the game, and a pause menu, so you could look
at the house on the pause menu.
It also had the documentary called Dangerous Games that was about this game and the controversy
around it.
There was also never released footage for the VHS-1 that is viewable on the Sega CD
version by entering a button code, and the credits will read, In Memory of Steven D.
Hasenfeld.
The footage is basically Hasbro executives looking at the original version's scene of
the crime back in 1987.
In 2014, the creator of Night Trap said he wanted to re-release it with better resolution
and gameplay.
There was a Kickstarter out for it, but the developers said that if it was successful,
that they would have done other of the Digital Pictures title, or making a sequel to the
game.
There is a mobile prototype that showed up on YouTube, but nothing else about it.
The game actually sold really well, but because of the controversy over it, it only had an
initial print run.
It was a best seller in the UK.
However, ratings themselves were pretty, pretty, I'd say on the low end.
But it was novel that they were using live actors and that you had to play through the
game multiple times to see everything, so it had great replayability.
Electronic Games give them an 89% overall, but EGM, Electronic Games Monthly, gave it
a really mediocre review.
It's kind of not so great, really.
People who have reviewed it since then just really gave it a kind of snore rating.
And Night Trap was voted the 12th worst video game of all time in an EGM article.
And yeah, basically, it's just, you know, it wasn't all that great.
But like I said, still novel for a time, and the big thing about it is the controversy.
So in 1993, right before Christmas, the game was removed from shelves at Toys R Us and
KB after they received complaints that were part of, as they figured out after the fact,
it was a type of telephone campaign, but they still stalked Mortal Kombat and other violent
games.
That actually led to a 1993 joint State Judiciary and Government Affairs Committee having a
hearing on the video games.
And so basically, it was announced later that there would be a censored version.
But no, the ones that were co-chairing this was Joseph Lieberman and Herbert Kohl, who
thought it was shameful, ultra-violent, sick and disgusting, and encouraged an effort to
trap and kill women.
Like, people don't know it's a fucking video game.
But it made, like, all the news everywhere.
I even remember this, you know, as a teen, you know, that it was in USA Today, it was
in New York Times, Washington Post, the local papers, it was all over the place.
And it was also pretty much, I mean, the characters in the games, and this is actually outlined
in that Dangerous Games documentary that's also in the PC version, is that the producers
and the cast members said that they thought that it was for the sake of, to prevent the
trapping and killing of women, and that the blood draining device was intended to look
unrealistic, which honestly, it looks fucking unrealistic.
Like I was like, how the fuck is that a thing, really?
But then, you know, there's no nudity in the game, or no extreme violence.
But people were saying, oh no, it's really, it's violent, I mean, they might be scantily
clad, but they weren't fucking naked.
You know, it's just boobs.
What the hell.
Everyone's got boobs.
There's worse in movies.
Men have boobs.
Okay?
Everyone's got boobs.
Anyway, there were a lot of people who just thought that it was a really sexist game.
I mean, yeah, I think that it is a bit, yeah, it's sexist, I mean, it's meant to play on
the whole horror movie genre with the, you know, girls in pillow fights and bikinis and
shit like that.
But at the same time, it wasn't overt, you know, it's not like it was a snuff game, you
know.
At any rate, the game did get ported even after the controversy.
The ports were done in 1994, and later on the MS-DOS and Mac versions were out in 1995.
They had a different cover on each of them, but all of them had pictures of Dana Plato
on it, which the Sega CD one was purely illustrated.
So and that's it, Night Trap.
I actually really want to see the documentary now though, because I knew about it, but I
hadn't seen it.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
But is it a classic though?
Night Trap.
Well, no, it absolutely changed gaming.
I mean, even though it's a ridiculous freaking game, it did change gaming for better or for worse.
And that's, you know, one of the things about the classic game segment is not just an outline,
oh, this game was great, it's an instant classic and blah, blah, blah.
It's a classic like the Mustang.
It's also how did it contribute to gaming and I will interspace shitty games that contributed
to gaming.
Of course.
So there you go.
Of which there's been plenty.
And this is actually even considered the same genre as Lode Runner.
Why?
Because it's a trap game.
Oh, God.
That's a stretch in my opinion.
I guess puzzle games, maybe.
I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Night Trap starring Dana Plato.
Rest in peace.
We're going to take a break.
When we come back from the break, we're going to continue it.
We're going to finally seal this time capsule away.
And then we're going to get into some rapid fire news.
Your calls pretty soon here at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype when we come back after this
break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, March the 5th of 2017 with episode number 678 of our show already in
progress.
Now, I want to give a quick shout out to our pals over at Anime Jam Session, also here
on the Voice of Geeks Network.
Now, I falsely said a couple of weeks ago that they were going to be having their 300th
episode because I figured, well, what comes after 299?
300.
Well, I got fooled because they actually had a 299.5.
And then as Rama said when he called in the show last week, they took a week off.
But episode 300 is finally happening with Anime Jam Session this Tuesday.
So y'all should check it out live.
Be here.
All right.
Are you going to check it out, Dark Sakura?
You need to be there for Ran-chan.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Well, if you can't be here live, there's always the podcast feed.
Yes.
You can always check that out.
All the shows that make up the Voice of Geeks Network, you can check out their podcast feeds
over at vognetwork.com and all the way to the shows.
Sometimes work gets in the way, that nasty necessity.
Oh, yeah.
That whole thing.
Man, if only we could just ban work.
All right.
Before we get into rapid fire news, we need to finish the time capsule.
So somebody had that idea of putting in, what is it?
What are we putting in here?
The three games we just can't stop playing right now?
Yeah.
To see if that changes by the end of the year.
Yeah.
All right.
So even though Loki's like, I don't want to fill it out, then put one-
What the fuck were we thinking?
Then put one Skyrim, two Skyrim, three Skyrim.
You get this tiny piece of paper to write on, Loki.
All right.
All right.
And make sure to sign it because I don't know who's going to do what.
All right.
So I'm going to put number one, obviously it will be Final Fantasy 14 because I play
way too much of that.
I was going to see if I ever beat Danganronpa 2, which I'm still halfway through.
Number two, I'm going to put Overwatch because I do play a lot of that with Alan.
I want to know if Alan's still playing Overwatch 2 at that point.
Now the third one's a little harder to pick.
What am I obsessed with right now?
I'm not sure what I play.
I mean, like obviously this particular weekend I've been playing a lot of Breath of the
Wild, but does that count?
Yeah.
Can I put number three, overcome with anticipation for Mass Effect Andromeda?
Maybe we could do a second list of what we're looking forward to this year.
Okay.
That time capsule is only so big and we don't want that segment to be our own.
We'll just use little pieces of paper, Loki.
Let's see.
I'm just going to put, um, I'm just going to put number three, um, overcome with feelings
about Andromeda.
I'll just put Breath of the Wild, even though I'm not playing that yet.
But you're not playing it.
You're cheating.
But I will be in like a couple of weeks.
All right.
All right.
Overcome with feelings about Andromeda.
D.S. was the gay sex good?
Question mark.
That's an important question I want to answer in December, right?
I just put OMG Mass Effect Andromeda in big letters, but since I'm playing through Breath
of the Wild is sort of an afterthought.
Right.
Oh, I should, even though I totally know my own handwriting, I will still sign this with
my name there.
Fold it up.
Put it in the time capsule.
Okay.
What'd you put on your list?
Dark Sakura.
Um, I put World of Warcraft.
Okay.
Yeah.
You have been playing.
I should specify that it's Legion, although they haven't announced the next, uh, thing.
They probably will at the next BlizzCon just in time for the end of the year.
Danganronpa 2, cause I haven't beaten it yet and I'm still trying to.
And then Breath of the Wild cause Dan and I are doing it together.
And then in big letters, I did OMG Mass Effect Andromeda.
Okay.
So you actually, you actually did put three games.
Now what'd you put, Loki?
Skyrim Remastered, Until Dawn, Rush of Blood, and Skyrim Remastered.
Okay.
Good enough.
All right.
I accept that answer.
I didn't put my name on there, but I mean.
Fine.
We'll deal with it.
Is it Skyrim?
We know it's you.
If it's Skyrim, we know it's you.
Or Alan snuck one in there.
All right.
So here we go.
Let's make the seal it away.
Tape it.
Noises.
You're sealing it away.
I don't want to go get tape.
Tape it.
Tape it.
And you know what's funny is as I'm talking to this, I just realized we have a whole like
Tootsie Roll thing that we're holding the pens in, but this works great.
But that one doesn't have a lid.
It doesn't have a lid.
It doesn't have any Tootsie Rolls in it.
Where are we?
Oh yeah.
Where are we going to put candy?
We're going to put a Tootsie Roll in there.
And some of my hair to see what color it is.
I sealed it away.
So there's a hole on the top.
Done.
All right.
There it is.
All right.
So where am I going to put this now?
I guess I'll just put it here.
Yep.
There.
It'll sit.
To be opened December 2017.
We should cover it with like stickers.
Like randomly.
All right.
There it is.
Come on.
No Gus suggests lick it shut.
No.
I haven't decided if I'm licking Rob's cartridges yet.
Apparently I saw a picture of someone's dog that did shoot up one of those cartridges.
So that stuff doesn't really seem to stop dogs.
Yeah, but dogs also have weird senses of taste.
It doesn't affect pets.
Dogs eat their own shit.
Okay.
Well, which is why he was chewing on one, two switch.
So it is kind of the equivalent of eating shit.
So that makes sense.
Uh, it's two one hundred Matt and Chad says, put it up on a shelf that is away from San
Rio.
A, San Rio 17.
She doesn't do that shit anymore.
But B, we did, I did put it up on a shelf.
In our studio here, we have an elevated television that we use for the PlayStation three because
we actually use tune in to listen to Bobby Black Wolf here in studio before the show
goes live.
It almost makes me think if you painted that green, it would sort of look like a cactuar.
It does.
Like with the little arms sticking out.
It would look like a cactuar if you painted it green.
I'm going to put it up on, um, on my, uh, Facebook fan page.
Jamie Summers on Facebook.
You have a Facebook fan page?
I do.
All right.
Why wouldn't I?
You have fans?
Yeah.
Y'all need fan pages.
You don't have fans without a fan page.
I'm sorry.
My ego's not that big.
I have a Twitch.
You can follow me.
You can stroke my ego on Twitch.
I did it because I was doing other shit too.
That's fair.
I'm just, I'm just giving you crap.
Well, you always give me crap.
Stop crapping.
All right.
There we go.
You kind of need to crap.
Nevermind.
Ah, let's get into some rapid fire news and hopefully some non crappy things that happened
in gaming this week.
Loki.
Yes.
So one of the things during GDC that was talked about was Unreal Engine.
And of course with that, um, they made some more updates about Fortnite.
Hey, remember that game that was supposed to be coming out on Unreal Engine 4?
No.
It was supposed to be like a zombie survival game that was, you know, building your own
base and stuff like that.
So it's still coming.
Um, it's supposed to be coming out this year on PC according to Tim Sweeney.
All right then.
So yeah, we'll look forward to it then.
Um, something else that's going to be in development as well is Sleeping Dogs, the movie.
So that's that Hong Kong action, open world action game that they had.
Um, now it's supposed to, I guess, star, who do they have starring in there?
Uh, it's being produced by Neil H. Morris, who did the Fast and the Furious, I am Legend
21 Jump Street.
And it's going to star Donnie Yen, who is, you know, definitely well known in the Hong
Kong, um, you know, movie scene.
It Man, Rogue One, um, and of course, uh, triple X Return of Xander Cage.
I'm down.
That'd be pretty awesome.
That movie or the game was pretty cinematic as it was.
So I don't need really an excuse to go see Hong Kong action movies.
Not everyone is excited about it because, you know, in our chat over at live.vog network.com
says Sleeping Dogs, the movie, no, I feel like I should shake the Vader thing.
No.
Shake.
Shake.
Shake.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Um, yeah.
Uh, I don't know if, uh, it needs a movie, but okay.
I mean, we could really use a good video game movie.
That would be nice.
At least we have some good sportsmanship in the video game world.
Uh, the switch of course being released on Friday, believe it or not lent to some official
comments from the PlayStation and the Xbox Twitter accounts that were very nice.
Uh, the PlayStation account tweeting today's a big day for Nintendo.
Congrats on launch.
We can't wait to play with a little blue heart blue cause PlayStation, uh, whereas, uh, Microsoft
wrote a little tweet on their Xbox account that said at Nintendo, it's not every day
you get to throw the switch on a new console.
So, uh, congrats.
Hashtag Nintendo switch at Nintendo.
They did a little animation that did like achievement unlocked.
So even though they were gradually Nintendo, they had a very Microsoft thing and she'd
been unlocked.
We have achievements and you don't, that should, now that would have been the classless thing
to do.
Uh, Microsoft does what intend don't type of thing to respond, but isn't it nice though
to see these, this has come a long way.
What did Denny's and Arby's say?
That's really what we want to know.
That's a really good point.
I think Denny's tweeted one of those pictures.
It's like, look left, look right.
You're having an existential crisis.
There's, I don't know.
It was really funny.
I think I retweeted it, but yes, we need to know what did the Arby's account have to say?
That's the most important.
Or was it the Sonic account?
That's very...
Sonic the Hedgehog.
Oh, I'm pretty sure they had tweeted something too.
It's important.
Uh, anyway, so, uh, also, which I thought was neat, uh, somebody else had tweeted, uh,
like a reply that said, love when companies congratulate each other, makes it seem like
we are all united and Xbox replied, it's all for the love of the games with the thumbs
up emoji.
So that was nice.
But also I think the fact that it's Nintendo and you know, obviously Nintendo marches to
the beat of their own drum.
And so I think the competition is especially a little lesson there and come on guys.
I'm sure the people that work at Sony and Microsoft probably play Nintendo.
You know what?
I bet the guys at Sony play Xbox and the guys at Microsoft play PlayStation.
These two companies, they're not worried about Nintendo because they know the last couple
of generations, it hasn't really eaten into their profits too much.
They're probably just like, good job, good job, you know, putting out a console, you
know.
But look, the reality is too, that the games industry is like a small place too.
So like, it's like, okay, look, Sony is not going to write a tweet that says, get fucked
Nintendo.
They're not going to write that tweet because then when like, you know, the, the social
media person at one of these companies wants to go get a job somewhere else, they're going
to be like, what was up with that tweet you sent to Nintendo that told me to become president
someday, right?
That's that's the only time you're going to be able to get away with, you know, as much
as Trump tweets, he is really missing some, get fucked in there.
I mean, cause that would just be like, hilarious, hilarious in the fact that like, Oh, Hey,
there's blue flames coming off of the fire now, uh, dungeon buster and chat over at life.com
says, if I recall correctly, major Nelson tweeted a picture of breath of the wild saying
it was for research in quotes, see, it's cute.
Come on, come on, look, there's a lot of gamers out there like me who are sick and own everything
anyway.
So you know what?
It's a win.
All right, let's move on to a Marvel and, uh, their, their gaming universe, which of
course, Marvel versus Capcom infinite is going to be a big release in that universe.
There's also though, don't forget the whole square Enix, uh, the, uh, crystal dynamics
square, um, uh, Marvel project that's going on too, which I'm down for because it's Marvel
cinematic universe.
And I like the Marvel said, well, actually, apparently Marvel versus Capcom infinite.
Um, they have the freedom to tell their story and they want to make an original story.
It is not going to be a part of the cinematic universe.
Uh, so, uh, Marvel games goal is to not force a games development timeline to match up with
any upcoming movie, TV show or comic book.
So these games are not directly tied to the universes in any way.
They get to do their own thing.
That makes sense.
And with that said, I love the Deadpool two teaser.
That was, I haven't seen it.
I haven't even seen the Deadpool movie, but to be fair, I haven't seen like any movies.
I know.
Watch the Deadpool movie.
Seriously.
Go on.
Last movie I saw in theaters was Warcraft.
That was almost a year ago.
Oh God, no.
So I was bored enough on Saturday.
I mean, obviously I was playing a lot of Zelda, but you have to come up for air once in a
while.
Right?
So I actually started looking, I was looking at this brand new theater.
They just opened up with the whole now recliner seats is the big deal, right?
And they sell booze at theaters and this is an assigned seating thing, right?
So I went onto the website and I was like, well, I want to see this get out because everybody's
telling me it's fucking great and it looks good, so I'll go see it.
So I was just, just for fun, I was going to pitch to Alan, like, let's go see, get out,
I'll go get us tickets.
But then as I'm looking online, like completely sold out for seven o'clock completely sold
out except for like two seats in the front row for 10 o'clock.
And it's like, now that you can buy your seats online, all this stuff like these things,
these movies are sold out forever in advance.
Like you can't just walk up to the theater anymore and go, yeah, I just want to see whatever
movies coming up next.
You can't really do that now.
And I think the fact that all these theaters have giant recliners means there's less seats
in the theater.
Um, yeah, they're pretty large.
So anyway, so no, I did not see, I haven't seen Logan.
I haven't seen Deadpool, but, but don't take it personally, movie fans.
I just haven't seen any movies because Alan and I also work the different schedules.
So it's hard for us to go see movies together.
You know, it's like when we have the time together, we have to do the really exciting
things that married folks do and go grocery shopping and go pay bills.
We don't have time for movies.
Anyway.
All right, uh, let's move on.
More rapid fire news.
Dark Sakura.
Ah, if I don't unplug my phone, my, uh, mic here.
Geez.
So how about some PlayStation Plus?
How's that sound?
Yeah.
Um, there are going to be free offerings, including a disc jam and tear away unfolded.
Um, also included is earth defense force 2025 under night in birth exe, I guess late, whatever
the fuck that is severed for Vita and Lumo for Vita, um, with cross by on PS4.
Um, this goes live on the seventh, which is to use a day.
Um, and also Disney stop, stop.
Disney wants to reboot Tron with Jared Leto.
Yeah.
Cause that worked out so well when they put Jared Leto as the joker in suicide squad.
She wasn't bad as the joker.
Like Jared Leto is just kinda everywhere.
I don't, I don't get it.
It's like one of those things.
And again, I didn't see suicide squad refer to our earlier conversation now.
So riddle me this, if Tron legacy, if Tron legacy was so bad that they can't warrant
a sequel, then why are they rebooting it?
Why warrant another movie then if it was the whole thing, make the fucking third Tron movie,
just make that movie.
Everything I've heard is that star Wars killed Tron.
When Disney got star Wars, they didn't need Tron anymore, so they threw it away.
But now it seems like somebody's thinking maybe that wasn't such a good idea that maybe
gasp both these movies could exist in the same place where Marvel's spitting out two
or three movies a year.
Surely Disney can put out two science fiction movies that may I point out are really fucking
different.
Are Tron and star Wars that similar?
I don't fucking think so.
They left it open to like at the end of legacy for like a really interesting like story.
Let's just throw that out.
I had heard this thing that Jared Leto was maybe supposed to be like another character
in the third.
I'm totally cool.
Fine.
Cool.
Although I thought they had totally set it up for Cillian Murphy.
Killian Murphy.
I forget how to pronounce his name.
They totally said that guy that played the scarecrow, who was awesome in that original,
in that first Batman.
But he was supposed to be the new villain, right?
He'd set up as the guy from the first movie's kid.
So he would be the villain in the third movie.
So I mean, like there, the plot was fucking there.
Make that movie.
Why do you need to reboot Tron?
I don't doesn't make sense.
It doesn't seem like that would, I mean, I don't know.
It just just, I, I'm happy if Tron can at least continue somehow, like I'll take a reboot
over nothing, but I'm not hyped about it.
Like, if they're worried that too much time has passed since Tron Legacy, they waited
like 25 years to make Tron Legacy.
So, so fucking what if like seven years have gone by since Tron Legacy?
Make a third Tron movie.
It will be fine.
And you know what?
Put a ride at Disney.
Take the ride from, so I don't have to go to China, take the ride at Shanghai Disney
and put it at California adventure or something because I want to go on that ride.
Anyway, Tiger Claw in chat says, maybe that's what the movie is going to be called Tron
rebooted or Tron reboot.
Oh, get, get it?
Cause it's play on computer stuff.
That's where the confusion was.
Maybe the third movie is just going to be Tron reboot and Oh, what a mind fuck that
is.
If that's the case, maybe that's just the third movie is Tron reboot.
All right, moving on.
Let's travel around and look at what's in stores this week.
Loki.
Although I wouldn't be too, um, too optimistic about it.
So this week, uh, not a whole lot.
Uh, we've got Altair, uh, Furis, the alchemists of, and the mystery, mysterious journey.
It's on PC, PlayStation four and the Vita.
Lego worlds out on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one near automata on PlayStation four
and Tom Clancy's ghost recon wild lands on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
That's it.
All right.
Let's travel over to Japan and look at what's coming out in Japan.
Um, this week starting on the, I think the ninth is when all the games hit.
Yep.
Kingdom hearts, HD 1.5 and 2.5 remix.
That's a pretty big deal.
That's hitting the PlayStation four in Japan this week.
I'm looking forward to the U S release of that for sure.
Uh, let's see.
Croylier Sigma comes out in Japan this week on PlayStation four, let it die.
Gets an uncle prime edition in Japan this week.
I'm assuming because that's a free to play game.
There's some type of box diversion that comes with game credit or something like that.
There's a green camouflage colored controller coming out this week as well for the PlayStation
four and ultimate Marvel versus Capcom three gets a Japanese release this week.
I thought it was already out there.
Maybe this is some type of box diversion over there as well.
Um, moving on to the Nintendo 3DS, I think is pretty slow this week.
Yeah, no, I mean, Nintendo has obviously been focusing on the switch, which I'm not sure
we have anything to report on the switch this week.
No, we don't.
I'm not starting to see switch releases fill in for Japan yet.
Uh, that's probably going to take a little bit.
And as we know, the Indies online is kind of what's really going to try to carry a Nintendo
through these first few months here.
So that's it for Japanese releases.
How about the United Kingdom?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
I guess when a new console comes out, that kind of takes the attention for a while.
Nothing else happens.
Tumbleweed is rolling by.
All right, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us at participate at orange lounge radio.com and dark soccer
dives in the mailbag and finds an email that she thinks, Hey, I'm going to read this on
air.
Dark soccer.
Do we have email this week?
I think we have one, right?
We will.
Yeah.
One actually came at the end of last week.
So I'm just going to read it.
It's from Y Y R it's labeled floater and the body is, this is a crusty poop heart Aaron.
That's disgusting.
But I think that's because you said something about throwing poop emails in the mailbag
or something.
Maybe I said it.
I don't know.
Thanks.
Gross.
We got another one from Fabrice from Belgium.
Just real quick.
I'm just want to throw this out there.
If you ever do end up coming up with a pixel shits too, I think the subtitle floater would
be appropriate.
It should be pixel shits too, should be turds in a river.
Next thing you have to sink the floaters.
All right, that's telling him how to live his life.
Hello.
O L R. I wonder what is your go to your to go game when you want to relax a game with
no stress, something easy going yours truly Fabrice from Belgium.
Skyrim H D remastered.
Yeah.
The Skyrim remastered is your go to answer for everything.
It's pretty well, it's just relaxing.
It's what I do the relax cause it's not really that hard.
For me, it could be the MMO, Final Fantasy 14, although that's not always a relaxing
thing if I'm trying to do like, you know, content that's, you know, newest and greatest
it's like farming.
And wow.
Yeah.
Well there's some of the like Zen things you can do.
You know what's always been a very Zen game to me, like just kind of get in the mood and
just, you know, do whatever Minecraft is a game like that for me actually digging holes
with that music.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I actually think I find Minecraft to be a very relaxing game.
Now granted, I don't play on super hard difficulty, but I don't play on, um, what is it peaceful
mode or whatever they call the creative.
Yeah.
Creative.
I don't really play in that mode either.
I do play in the survival, but I play on like the lowest difficulty setting.
So it's like, there's a creeper once in a while who's going to piss me off, but it's,
it's manageable.
So I like Minecraft for game.
Um, sometimes music games, I mean, it's been a long time since I really been able to just
pop in, beat me into 2DX and do that.
But even something like rez right now is kind of like that Zen thing for me.
Animal crossing.
Oh, is that your answer?
Yeah.
I mean, I kind of, I've kind of slacked off on it cause I need a new game to keep up with,
but I've really enjoyed, you know, just about every animal crossing is something that's
really relaxing and hanging out.
It's just really easy.
And then of course my reoccurring addiction to bust a move or puzzle bobble.
You know what else for me is relaxing is watching other people play video games on Twitch, honestly,
like sometimes I just want to lie on the couch and watch somebody else play a game.
So I do that too.
I have Dan for that.
There you go.
See, no, actually it's kind of stressful as I'm like, you just missed the thing.
Go no, go, go backseat driver.
If you don't fucking crouch and shoot that goat in the head, I'm leaving and he'll be
like promise.
This is what gaming is like in my house.
Yeah, no, no.
Um, see, Alan does most of his gaming on computer, so I can't exactly just be like, what'd you
do?
And I will do that once in a while, but I can't really like watch him play, uh, oblivion,
which I know is what he's doing right now because he played the shit out of Skyrim.
Then he played this shit out of Morrowind and obviously what was left is, well, he played
five and three.
When's he going to do four?
So now he's making his way through oblivion right now with mods galore.
So you know, though I do have an account for elder scrolls online and I probably should
play it so that, you know, I didn't care for it, but I'm willing to give it another shot.
It's been a while since I tried it last.
I keep promising Tiara that I'll play more of it.
Oh yeah, she's, she's super.
Someone should be playing well with me.
Somebody should give me money to do that.
You know what?
I'll do it.
No, don't do it.
Don't do that.
I'm threatening it now.
No, don't.
That's mean.
Besides, wait for the mass effect thing to wear off because I'm not going to get a month
out of it with mass effect on the horizon.
Wait for that to wear off and then, and then we'll think about that.
All right.
Is that it for the mailbag?
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get to some other gaming news and then we're going to get to your calls.
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, but first Loki.
See, this is the kind of thing that makes me wish I could go to GDC because of this
kind of stuff.
So Microsoft revealed, um, they're one of their first, remember they were, I think,
was it said, um, God, I'm trying to remember when they announced the, like their headsets
that they were coming, but I know it was relatively recent that they announced that they're going
to be developing some actual VR headsets and stuff.
Um, but anyways, one of the first ones that they were talking about, of course, um, Acer,
ASUS and Dell were going to develop mixed reality headsets and they showed off the one
from Acer.
And so apparently if you went to this event, you also got one of the free dev kits, which
I totally would want, um, but then what the Acer windows, uh, mixed reality development
edition, it has two screens that are 1440 by 1440 and a native 90 Hertz refresh rate
built in audio and a headphone Jack.
Plus what's kind of cool is it, uh, doesn't require, um, any, uh, built in tracking.
So it's going to basically allow developers not have to extern or, or rely on external,
um, tracking, you know, like they have with like the vibe and stuff like that.
So it's gonna, I guess it has some way to track built on in the actual headset.
Um, the little video that they kind of showed demonstrating, it looks neat.
It's more of like kind of what they were showing with the whole windows holographic, where,
you know, more of like an office setting, you know, you can have it interact with the
stuff that's in your room.
I mean, they have like a picture in this of like Skype and some virtual dog thing.
And you know, I don't know, outlook or something like that.
Not too exciting, but I still think I'm pretty excited by like doing that virtual offices
would be pretty sweet.
Um, no word when they're actually going to be released, but it's neat to see that stuff
is coming along and hopefully with that coming along, it won't require such a powerful PC
to run.
Uh, the other cool thing, Oculus announced that they're cutting the price of the Oculus
Rift and touch bundles to $598.
That is down $200.
Plus not only that, you can get the controller set, um, for $99 instead of $199.
Wow.
They're still allowed to sell them.
Good point.
I actually thought about them like they're trying to get rid of those as quickly as possible.
That was my first thought is like, wow, they're going to try to sandbag this shit before they
can't sell them anymore.
It's kind of interesting.
Although obviously I would hope that doesn't happen, but you know, I mean that lawsuit
was kind of interesting, fascinating.
So they're saying though, um, you know, they're talking about also as I mentioned, you know,
expensive PC, the village nowadays, so with the hardware it's coming out, it's getting
cheaper and cheaper.
They own a PC that can actually be VR ready.
Yeah.
So they're saying that when the Oculus first came out, you know, PC like that would cost
about a thousand dollars nowadays though, it's about 700 and they said you can even
get by with a PC that's built for like 400 at minimum specs.
So that's not bad, not bad at all, but definitely need to do I get up off my ass and redo what
I wanted to do here in the studio with a upgrade in OLR because I'm very curious with the new
AMD Ryzen chips that they had come out to see those are supposed to perform pretty well.
So I, and they're cheaper than the Microsoft chips or you know, the Intel chips.
So I don't know, I'm a kind of an Intel fanboy.
I've got AMD in my laptop and I don't really care for it too much, but the Ryzen chips
sound good.
I'm going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com I'm still fascinated on this whole relaxing
game talk.
There's been a lot of talk in there.
I've just catching up while he was reading that story.
So back to back on the relaxing thing for a minute.
Brad from Pod Culture suggesting No Man's Sky is a great Zen game.
Yeah, that game had a lot in common with Minecraft.
Like I understand that game is riddled with controversy, but you know, again, we've talked
about this to death, but for what it is, there's a lot to enjoy about it.
And yeah, there's definitely a lot of relaxing stuff in No Man's Sky.
Kossen in chat says Stardew sounds like it could be my Zen game.
Oh yeah.
A lot of people are into Stardew Valley for that for sure.
Dungeon Buster agreeing Stardew is pretty Zen.
You don't need to rush into stuff and you can just grow things.
Do they have that out on the Switch already?
I know that was...
It's coming.
It's not out yet.
It wasn't a launch title.
Pardon me.
It wasn't a launch title.
They were saying that it is going to be the first place you can do multiplayer.
Stardew Valley will be on the Switch.
So that's what Nintendo is getting.
That's a little special.
Sg100mata is pointing out, I remember at Magfest where they did yoga for gamers, they played
Minecraft music during it.
JD saying Mini Metro is a good Zen game.
William Murderface says Terraria is my chill game.
Gotta mind them 2D pixels.
Yeah, kind of like a 2D version of Minecraft.
My relaxing game of course is Until Dawn Rush of Blood.
It's not relaxing at all.
It can't be if you played it enough.
That's like saying I'm going to go play Resident Evil 7 just to chill out and relax a little
bit.
That's a nice easy evening.
Stress free.
I'm going to play Slenderman just to, you know, chill out.
I have the hiccups.
This is the worst.
All right.
Let me try to get through this story.
One of the games that is on the Switch for launch is Shovel Knight.
I haven't picked this up yet because I already own Shovel Knight on I think PlayStation 4
and Wii U.
So I was kind of like, do I really want to buy this game again?
But this Shovel Knight, they have Specter of Torment separately, right?
The prequel or whatever it is.
They have that separate, but this Shovel Knight actually has all the original DLC included
with it, which is pretty cool.
And also with Shovel Knight, they are actually allowing you to do gender swapping in this
new version of Shovel Knight.
Although they're calling it body swap.
I should be clear there.
It's called body swap, but you can actually change the look and the text of Shovel Knight,
Shield Knight, Black Knight, Plague Knight, and Propeller Knight to be male or female.
So you could be a male Shovel Knight trying to save a male Shield Knight, or you could
be like a female Shovel Knight trying to save a male Shield Knight or whatever the hell
it is that you want to do.
You can change that in the characters.
What's cool is there's been a whole little like, kind of like looking into how these
characters were designed, then you actually get to see a little bit that goes into it
where it's not just like the female versions have a bow in their hair.
They're very different.
And sometimes it's very subtle.
Like when I look at the female Shovel Knight, I have a really hard time seeing the difference,
but there is, there is a difference and they kind of, they point out some of the stuff
there.
So does female Shovel Knight have more boobs or I mean, yes, but it's not like over the
top.
I mean, yes, women have breasts, so there is a breast area, but it's not like dead or
alive breasts.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
I get it.
It's what you would expect a normal woman to look like in a, but in a, in a Knight outfit.
Nobody ever said dead or alive was set on earth, so.
And sometimes the fun way to play it is with gravity from the moon, right?
It's just gravity from the moon, only in the chest area that that's really everywhere else.
You know, it's, it's its own thing.
Uh, let's see, SSU 100 Matt says, it's funny that Shane all of a sudden is going crazy
over Shovel Knight.
Now he's not here to defend himself, although I've told him he can come on the show whenever
he wants.
But yes, I think it's funny too, cause I tried to like play that game before for him, but
now that it's on the Switch, Shane is all about the Switch.
I almost wish he was here tonight to kind of be a nice little counterbalance to maybe
some of the negativity cause Shane is like nothing but positive on Switch right now.
So maybe I'll get him here on a future week, but now that Shovel Knight's on the Switch,
he's checking that out.
So interesting.
All right, moving on, let's get to another story from Dark Sakura.
There is some smart garbage out there.
It's actually a trash can that has a game built into it.
So it's called the Tetra bin and it basically rewards you for throwing away garbage by having
a little game built into it.
I couldn't see too much about it, but like pretty much the way that it works, it looks
almost like it's got a duck hunt screen on it.
And when you drop your can in, there is a, like a, birds will like go and try to catch
the garbage on the digitized screen.
And they, and there's like dogs and bats and oh yeah, they're bats, not birds.
They fly around going, feed me, feed me.
And so when you feed them, you get a code that can be redeemed on the Tetra bin website
so that, um, you can get like stuff in the mail, like freebies and samples and things
like that.
So the cycle never ends.
But the whole thing is it's meant to encourage other people to get into the habit of picking
up trash that you see around and throw away.
So which everyone should fucking be doing, actually, everyone should just be throwing
away their own garbage.
Don't leave your shit.
Throw it away.
There's a trash can.
And don't leave your dog shit either.
Yes, that too.
If you don't have a trash can handy, put it in a bag or something and then wait until
you can throw it away.
It's not that fucking hard, but anyway, it's, it's a good incentive and I think it's a cute
idea.
So, but the real question is, can you install Linux on it?
Probably.
I bet it's running on Linux.
Yeah.
I was gonna say it's probably running Linux.
That's true.
It probably is.
That's it on that.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then the Skypline at Orange Lounge Radio.
So Riot Games has won a lawsuit against a website called LeagueSharp and LeagueSharp
was a website running, um, it allowed you to sign up for $15 to $50 a month for access
to numerous bot scripts that would allow players to perform maneuvers that they would,
you know, be very difficult for them to do otherwise in League of Legends.
And so of course, you know, they went after them because that's, you know, a big no-no
and, um, they won $10 million.
$10 million?
That's a lot of money.
Yep.
Wow.
Being that they won the, uh, you know, websites no more.
But that software is still out there for people to use, right?
I'm just kidding.
Once on the internet, always on the internet.
All right.
Um, so, uh, yeah.
Don't, don't write cheat programs for games that rely on these things to make money, right?
Or you might find yourself in court too.
Don't cheat in online games.
There you go.
That's a very good way of putting it.
Don't cheat in online games.
That's very good.
All right.
I'm going to try to get through this.
I have hiccups though, and this is the worst possible thing that could happen on the radio
in my opinion.
But, um, anyway, I'm trying, trying to get through this.
Um, the, uh, this week launched the Video Game History Foundation.
Um, this is pretty cool.
Uh, being launched by a former games journalist and developer, uh, Frank Sifaldi, uh, who
was involved with the, um, you know, what's funny is that was on a podcast he was on,
but we were on at different times.
And, uh, so we weren't like on there together, but like, I know they were promoting that
he was coming up next after me, um, or the other way around.
But anyway, he, he was involved with the, um, Mega Man collection.
So I know he does a lot with the retro video games and, uh, I want to say, didn't he drop
hints that there might be something else coming with that whole Mega Man thing?
Well, uh, anyway, he does a lot with video game restoration.
I think the, also the story that was going around about the joust game that Iwata had
been involved with on the NES.
We talked about a few months ago.
I think he was involved with that as well.
So it seems like when there is a digging up something in video games past thing going
on, this guy does seem to be involved.
So yeah, this is a guy that seems to be a good fit for this, working with this Video
Game History Foundation.
It's a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the past of video games, not just
code, but the printed materials, advertisements, and other things that go into video games.
So the first project launched this week.
It's a digital archive of pamphlets and ads surrounding the NES's original launch in 1985.
So they are on Patreon if you want to support them there, or you can check out their website,
gamehistory.org, and you can actually do a tax deductible donation over there.
You know, this is something they are saying is important because, especially when it comes
to CD-ROMs, which was a huge era of gaming, right?
Our classic game of the week, part of that CD-ROM era of gaming, right?
CD-ROMs don't last forever.
And some of the CD-ROMs out there are really starting to break down, so they want to preserve
as much as possible of this so that future generations kind of know what the history
of video gaming looked like.
You know, unrelated to this, but maybe related a little bit, I was reading a story this week
about, I guess, like the old CRT televisions that go in old video game cabinets.
Like they don't make them anymore.
Like as of this past couple weeks, they don't make CRT TVs anymore.
They're done.
So if you want to replace like a TV in a video game cabinet and you can't get one to recycle,
you have to get like an LCD monitor, which isn't a pure way to do it.
You know, it's going to be different on an LCD screen versus the old CRTs.
So that is an era of gaming that's going away too.
Wasn't the process of making those actually kind of dangerous, and that's part of the
reason why they don't do it that way anymore?
Like there's like gas inside the tubes that make it run and all that stuff, right?
So I think that's a part of the reason why they don't do that.
Well, they were in a vacuum and if, you know, they had like really high capacitors in them
and stuff that you got to be careful to, you know, discharge that stuff before you start
working on them as you don't electrocute yourself, I mean, yeah, it's less than ideal,
but you know, it's still good, you know, good tech if you're into like, you know, fighting
games and stuff like that.
Dungeon Buster in chat says older magazines are also getting harder to come by, which
is why it's nice that places such as archive.org have a lot of these scanned copies there.
Yeah, that's very true.
All right.
Well, we're going to open up the Skype line right now.
It's time for you to give us a call if you want to talk about anything we've talked about
in this part of the show, or maybe the first part of the show, or whatever is on your mind
tonight.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call, and it's already
lighting up over there.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft.
How are you, my friend?
I'm doing okay, mostly.
Yeah, I know you were one of those people that got screwed by Amazon, huh?
Yeah, one of the many, but I want to focus on something really great that we talked on
Twitter the other day.
Sure, go for it.
Yeah, we were talking about, well, Breath of the Wild, that's an American dub.
And while it's not something new that games have recently done, at least in the past few
years it has grown, I'm still really happy to see that Nintendo has adopted this onto
their games.
And I was not hearing about only Breath of the Wild, also Want to Switch also has Latin
American dubs.
So it's really awesome to see that game companies, even right now Sony and Microsoft, back in
the 360 days, it's something that they have done.
And as a person that, well, speaks English and also Spanish in the native way, it's really
good to see that they're adopting this to sell their games on other countries.
Yeah, the back and forth that we were having on Twitter was that you had posted a clip
of your Overwatch play of the game, and I noticed that it was using, obviously, the
Latin American language.
And I thought it was neat because it kind of emulates that robotic voice that goes,
play of the game.
It says it in Spanish instead.
And then it kind of got me thinking about how, oh yeah, you have all these other voice
actors who kind of emulate the whole like McCree going, it's high noon, you know, probably
saying it in a very similar way, but in the Latin American dialogue, this is kind of interesting
to me to listen to that sometimes.
And I watched the Twitch screens, the streams on Twitch, where they have like Japanese voice
acting and all that stuff as well, which I think is neat.
Yeah, also Blizzard did the, well, sorry, did the Overwatch dub for Latin America, and
many other countries, it has so many dubs in many languages that it's pretty amazing
to see.
And something curious, because at least in PC, you can have like the English text and
have another language be the voice, like have it in Japanese or have it in Spanish.
And again, it's really great to see something like this and, sorry, I'm going to repeat
myself again, but it's really amazing to see because it's something that, even in the PlayStation
2 era, like in that generation, we did see games in Spanish, but many developers were
like really, really lazy and used Spaniard, the Spanish that is used in Spain, which it
ain't that much different from Latin America, but it does sound different and we don't use
in Latin America the same language they use in, or at least the same words.
There's a whole like, there's a whole verb conjugation that you don't use in Latin America
that they do in Spanish, right?
Vosotros?
That doesn't even exist really in Latin America, right?
Yeah, in Spain, sorry, they use vosotros, which is basically like you and plural.
What we use in Latin America, what is status, that is you plural for us, so yeah, it's not
even the same and it's another verb conjugation and again, it is said that we don't understand
it because it's like something that was teach even, not even like 30 years ago, so maybe
some people do know about it, but still, it sounds weird, so well, again, it's something
like really, really lazy because they didn't even give a chance for a Latin American dub
or even a translation or adaptation to be done.
JD's asking in chat, I'm curious about Latin American localizations, do they pick a country's
dialect to standardize on since there's some variation between Caribbean, Central American,
but wouldn't that be, I mean, technically you could say even within North America, the
USA, somebody in California is going to sound somebody different from somebody in Alabama,
right?
Dark Sakura, sometimes her Alabama sidekicks in, right, versus in the Northeast where somebody
might say Wicked Awesome, which is like not something you hear here ever, so, you know,
like there's little things like that, right?
I mean, yeah, yeah, but there's definitely things like that and sorry for the interruption,
but yeah, we in Mexico, we have even like so many dialects, so many accents also, but
speaking like of Latin America as a whole, pretty much each region, Mexico, Central America,
South America have distinct accents, so it's not necessarily the same and not even the
same use of words, but most, at least as of recent, most companies, speaking of movies,
television, and all that, and now games, try to use like a neutral standard, neutral Spanish,
so it doesn't use like words that we maybe use in Mexico that aren't used in other countries.
Like hella, we say hella in Northern California, but nobody else says that, so we wouldn't
put hella in a video game.
Yeah, and that's like your character is from California and you're gonna try to emphasize
that, but other than that, like for example, and I'm gonna put the example of McCree, since
he's a cowboy, he does have like a typical Northern Mexican accent, somewhat, so at least
he doesn't use that many words, like specialized words, or, I lost the word specifically for
it, but, like idioms, or, sorry, but yeah, you get the idea.
But yeah, there's the voice actor for Lucio in Latin America, he does like this fake Brazilian
accent too, so yeah, it sounds funny also, and it's really great to see stuff like this
and to talk about this, because it's something that I really appreciate as a translator myself.
No, I think it's really fascinating, I think it's cool, I like to just listen to the games
in the other languages and hear those small nuances and things like that, and yeah, I
think it's great that it makes the game more accessible to other players, which I think
is a great thing, of course.
Oops, excuse me, still have those hiccups.
But the problem is, or not the problem, but the interesting thing with Zelda is that there's
not a lot of dialogue that they're going to have to localize either, well, the written
dialogue, yes, but the voice acting isn't everywhere, I mean, it's still weird to hear
voice acting in a Zelda game at all, but they still use the general, like, uh, uh, like,
in some places, like those little noises, they use that a lot.
But there is definitely some scenes that are voice acted, and yeah, it's kind of interesting
to hear in the Zelda series, but now our friends in Latin America will get to hear it in the
in their native language.
Yeah, and hopefully Nintendo doesn't cut this trend, like, oh, it's only for this few games.
I hope to see this become a trend, like, probably with Xenoblade, it would be, like, really
awesome to see, with Xenoblade 2 coming this year, to see, like, a Latin American dub.
So hopefully, but we'll see, at least, uh, we're taking, the game companies in general
are taking steps toward, uh, localizing stuff, like, for region, not especially specifically
for language, so that's really, really great.
Baby steps.
Yeah.
Alright.
Act F, I'm gonna let you go, but thanks so much for the phone call, my friend.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Thank you, bye-bye.
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype, if you want to give us a call and, uh, talk to me while
I have the hiccups here.
Let me check in with Loki to see if there's any last minute stories.
Sure, yeah, we can talk about a few things, so how about the games that are coming out
for PlayStation Plus in March?
So you're gonna get Tearaway-
I think Dark Soccer covered those during Rapid Fire.
My mistake, wasn't paying attention.
Alright, and then how about, uh, we talk about, uh, the campaign here, so the GoFundMe campaign
for a new Nick Arcade show, um, starring, uh, Phil Moore is gonna be launching, and
that's for, uh, Battle Arcade, and it's supposed to be kind of the same type of premise, um,
that's awesome.
I'm down with that, especially with that reboot of, uh, Starrcade coming back as well, so.
And-
Everything old is new again.
Yeah.
And then the other thing, um, you know, just kind of a PSA, I guess, um, don't put adhesives
on your Switch console, because I guess it takes off the paint, because of whatever paint
or coating they put on it, it's not as durable as some of the other systems out there.
Be careful with that stuff when it's not officially licensed, for sure.
Well, even, yeah, I mean, dbrand is the one that kind of pointed that out, because they're
developing skins for that console, and they're like, hey, you know, we've, you know, got
the retail version, and we found that it's been pulling paint up, so we're canceling
all your orders for that stuff, you know, just to let you know, don't do that.
Which is kind of nice of them.
Please do not do that.
Alright.
Well, um, our phone's not really ringing, so I think I'm going to go ahead and shut
it down and wrap up the show tonight.
My hiccups are going crazy, so I think it's time to, uh-
We didn't do a fuse.
I think it's time to shut that down.
You need to do some FUs tonight, Darzagra?
Yeah.
Alright, let's get to it then, before we say goodnight.
The FUs of the week!
FU to Sinus Infections, and FU to dealing with Kaiser over all of this shit.
I'm ready to be done.
Fuck it.
Also, FU to not being able to finish an entire cool damn fight.
FU to the hiccups.
What did I do to deserve this, other than maybe drinking water a little fast?
Because I was trying to get to the next story.
Man, Loki, do you have anything to get off your chest tonight?
I just wish I hadn't eaten 11 breadsticks, other than that, I'm fine.
Look at this, FU to 11 breadsticks.
Maybe like 6 breadsticks next time.
I always say 6 breadsticks, but then I'm like, I'm so hungry, and I mean, I was hungry
not to eat 11, so, you know, 6 might not have been enough.
Pretty hungry, it's pretty hungry.
Alright, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show tonight.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or five
about the show.
Help us spread the word, we don't have any big magazine behind us or anything like that.
Word of mouth is all we got, so we can be the show where every gamer has a voice, but
only if the voices are here to air on air.
A nice five star review on a place like iTunes goes a long way as well.
If you have not yet written a review for the show on iTunes, please consider doing
that.
I really, really, really appreciate that.
Again, not asking you to donate money or anything like that, just take 15 seconds to write a
review.
It would be awesome.
Really appreciate that.
That's going to do it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night, Dark Sakura.
I really am enjoying the new Jessica Jones comic, which really goes into the regular
Marvel universe and not the TV series.
Only worth a read.
Also resist.
My final thought is, I'm sorry, I'm not going to be doing streaming after the show tonight,
even though I wanted to start making that a regular thing after last week went very
well.
Thank you guys for checking that out at Twitch TV slash Rob Roberts, cheap plug.
But I'm actually going to get a new monitor for my studio so I can fix some problems that
I'm having with the ratio.
And I haven't had a chance to test the switch broadcasting yet, so I'm not ready to do that
yet tonight.
I'm hoping that I can do maybe some Blaster Master next week or whatever game I decide
I want to do.
But yeah, so I'm not going to be doing that for the show tonight, which is fine anyway
because my hiccups are, yeah, I need to go lie down and breathe into a paper bag or something.
So anyway, last but not least, Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is, I'm tired.
That's it.
Alright, right, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in tonight.
We will see you in seven days to do it all over again.
Until then, don't be a jerk to people online.
Don't give people the hiccups.
And have a good night.
Bye.
The hiccups in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Launch
Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
