You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the F-word, which is not safe for children.
One, two, one, two, three, four, three, two, one.
God damn you, stop calling here! Isn't this 4215 pussy wave? You bitch!
Now let me check the zip code. 2-1-2, fuck you!
You have no money, darling.
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and a scorching case of herpes.
Kiss my grip, bitch.
Mecha lecha hi, mecha hidey ho.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Fucker yet?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame!
On the side of my face.
Breathing.
Breath.
Heaving breath.
Heaving.
Whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut while I go listen to my written experience records.
Duh duh duh duh duh, I am your singing telegram.
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth,
Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned into the Bomani scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things Bomani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always is my lovely co-host Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura.
This is episode number seven for August 4th of 2002.
We are joined in studio once again by a whole buffet of guests, including two special out-of-towners
tonight.
Say hello, everybody, to Jaz and DDR Mike.
He's exercising his internet radio rights there.
And of course, we're always joined by a bunch of our usual in-studio friends.
Say hello to Matt, Dave, and in the corner, Bradley, you gotta be loud for once, get picked
up there.
Alright, we'll be talking to everybody a little bit more later, but first we're going to take
a quick break and playing some requests that we've had the past few weeks.
So any other opening thoughts from Ms. Acura?
and we'll get to why in a little bit later
But first up a quick pretty quick break
I'm a supergirl, I'm gonna rule the world with my supernatural power
Come and fly with me to my galaxy, to my world of fantasy
Do da do da do da do da do I'm the supergirl
Let's take a ride in my rocket ship You tell me where you want to go
We could have a party on a magic star Or take a walk on the rainbow
We could fly away to Wonderland There's nothing that we can't do
We could fly together hand in hand Make all your dreams come true
I'm a Supa Girl, Gonna rule the world With my Supa natural heart
Gonna fly with me, With my galaxy, To my world of fantasy
Do da do da do da do da, I'm a Supa girl
Let's go, let's go dancing on the moon I'll take a trip to the sun
We could travel all around the universe We're gonna have some fun
We could fly away to Wonderland This missing letter we can't do
The wicked side against my hand and hand
Make all your dreams come true
I'm a super girl under the rules of world
With my super natural power
Come and try with me to my galaxy
To my world of fantasy
I'm a super girl under the rules of world
With my super natural power
Come fly with me, to my galaxy, to my world of fantasy
I'm a supergirl
Supergirl
I'm a supergirl
Supergirl
I'm a super girl, I'm gonna rule the world With my supernatural power
Come and try with me to my galaxy, to my world of fantasy
I'm a supergirl, I'm gonna rule the world with my supernatural power
Come and try with me to my galaxy, to my world of fantasy
Doo da doo da doo da doo I'm a supergirl
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to, and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me, and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Hi, this is Mel B. of Art.
Attention! Attention!
Come on everybody, let's go!
Come to it! Want to! Let's go!
Come on!
Sayin' the cards don't change
Don't mean a thing
Words be your brain thing
My game is wild, it's a thing
Move with those frames
Up on the streets, no such thing as pain
Do the jump
Do the jump
Do the flip
Do the flip
Double-dunk
Double-dunk
Don't lose the grip
Don't lose the grip
Do the right
Do the right
Do the left
Side to side, side to side
On the left
I'm the rest, I'm the rest
Jump the ropes now, jump the ropes now
Get up high now, get up high now
To the limit now, to the limit now
Right now, right now
Like my sister, my sister said
It's not as easy as you say
Remember that phrase again
When I say boom, boom, boom
You say bam, bam, bam
No boys in between, come on let's jam
Kick, kick, kick, kick, kick, kick, kick, kick
Fly, fly, fly, fly, fly, fly
Do it slick, do it, do it slick
Do it slick, do it, do it slick
And ride, ride, and ride
And ride, ride, and ride
Lean it to the left, lean it to the left
Lean it to the right, lean it the right
Crown it down for speed, crown it down for speed
Just obey your need, just obey your need
Double
Don't forget the rhythm and you're mystin'
Remember, never go down without a fight
One, two, one, two, it's just me and you
We're gonna give it the best and the best is on you
Enjoy the music and keep up the soul and the flair
Come on, let's go to the show
Climb the rock, step by step
Climb the rock, step by step
Right, step, right, right, step
Right, step, right, right, step
Shoo, stop, let's take a break
Woo, you're tight, please take the break
Come on, please, for old times' sake
Come on, please, for old times' sake
I gotta do this every single day
You gotta do this every single day
Tell you the truth, my hair's turning gray
Say the truth, your hair's turning gray
You may be old, bold, and with teeth and pores
It really, really don't matter to me
You can come this far, I know you got it now
Come on, let's see what we got, yes, fuck you for brown
Where's the roach? Where did I put it?
Where's the roach? Where did you put it?
I thought you had it, I gave it to you
I gave it to you
Oh then
Why don't you take it straight
Oh then
Why don't I get my skate
Where's mine
Can you please wait
Where's yours
Can I please wait
You want to just forget it
You just take a picture
I'm carrying a crown
for all my adventures
You're carrying a crown
for all your adventures
That was good
Can you please take a picture
Please take a picture!
Sure!
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, that was the Swedish chef there promoting
our little show.
Yes, Swedish chef can also be found on Google.
We apologize for the feedback we're getting here tonight.
I don't know if it's because we're crammed in a little room and we've got a fan right
near us.
Maybe if we want to move the fan we might get a little less interference with what's
going on.
I don't know.
We'll work on that.
We're coding.
Please pardon the hum in the background.
It adds character, yeah.
Anyway, so in that last segment we had, what, Papaya with Supergirl, and I tried to play
Mr. T Take Me Higher, but unfortunately the damn MP3 was corrupt, so we threw in some
Sister Mosesha from Parappa the Rappa Part 2.
Yep.
Very fun stage.
Yes.
Have you, now you wanted to say, give that as a shout-out to some people?
Um, yes.
There's some people who said they'd be listening tonight, so I'd like to say hi to Mary, to
Ash, Michelle, and Phil.
So, hi people.
Yay.
Does anybody else have a shout-out they'd like to give out?
Over here?
Shout-out!
Yeah, so like, I hope all you conquered scrubs are listening to this, because, no!
Am I even talking?
Yes, we can hear you.
Oh, crap.
Okay, gotta go, bye.
Is this thing on?
Yes, it is on.
Hello?
Testes?
Test, oh, wait.
So, we are joined in studio tonight by some special out-of-town guests.
What brings you guys here to town this weekend?
We were bored.
Yes, if we sound a little bit out of it tonight and very unprepared for tonight's show, there
is good reason for that.
We had a fat party last night, a really, really big party here at the house, so...
I like scotch.
I like double shots of scotch very much.
And yeah, there was a little bit of drinking, just a tiny bit.
A little.
A little.
And...
If you, you know, count getting completely shit-faced as a little, then yeah.
Go ahead and keep talking, Jamie. I'm trying to filter some things out here.
Oh, there's pressure! I can't take it! Don't make me talk!
Um, hi!
Hi!
Um, seriously, the party last night was pretty, um, well, kind of insane.
Um, there were a lot of people here.
And, uh, it was basically, there was 2DX going on in the game room.
And, uh, I wandered in there one time with Guitar Freaks going on.
And then there was also, you know, more drinking and quiche.
My...
Forward, forward.
Yeah, you have to say that in the microphone so everybody can hear you.
These don't work very well.
Wait, what noise?
Whatever you want.
We're on the air, say whatever you want.
Who's listening?
Everybody.
Who's everybody?
People.
Hi.
The party was fun, I had lots of people walking around the sim when I was drunk, people kept
locking me out in the garage with my sim, all night long. Yeah, that was fun.
Hey, I hung out with you and I was drunk. I got to do Drunk Drunk Revolution and I really
wish that Wendell had been there because I owe him a match of Drunk Drunk Revolution
back from Fauna Bay last year. Well, we'll just have to invite him the next
time. Definitely.
Oh, we have a special message from the chat room for Mike from SoCal Kicks. He says, fuck
you
special delivery there from our chat room if you want to join in our chat room
and uh... join in the uh... ever interesting festivities tonight
tonight will be a interesting show i guarantee because we're all hungover
um... but i'm not hungover
i'm not technically hungover i'm emotionally hungover
anyway
You know, the saddest thing in DDR I can think of to play is like...
Rain of Sorrow or Ever Snow.
Or... Beauty Chaser.
I could play like, how about Ballad for You?
Ah!
Do not ever play...
There is one of the other songs that will never show up on our playlist.
Never.
I agree.
That was punctuated with a lovely noise.
Now the room smells like burp.
They're saying about the party saying, uh, Sky was stripped of his virginity about four
years ago, bub.
Not last night.
Don't we normally, uh, pass that on the way to the Bay Area?
Shut up!
We need, like, this is a Bahmani-related show.
A Bee-mani show.
Talking about Konami's famous Bee-mani series.
I don't say the word BEE-monnie right on this show, according to some people.
Explain this little getup you've got, Dave. I know this isn't television, so I'll explain
this for you. Dave's like wearing a lampshade, and he's fanning himself with one of those
prizes that you obviously get with tickets over at Golf Land or something.
We need to start playing Star Mine for a minute now.
I don't know. Yeah, he looks like Tran from Star Mine. Or when he's double fanning himself,
So I'm thinking Katana from Mortal Kombat here, just wearing the fatality.
Tell us about this outfit here.
Okay, well, I was playing Speed Demon, and for any of you who don't know what that game is,
it's the most ridiculously easy way to win free tickets.
So I played it, and I spent about $2 and won 500 tickets.
and then so me and my friend like ooh what's a hat thing so it opened up this big kind of lampshade
it looks like a wicker lampshade yeah except that it's not completely round it looks like a tiffany
lamp but without any glass yeah and it's not that great but anyway it's kind of cool and for 150
tickets i bought zoom so i had 200 tickets left and then i saw the fans which are made of crap
They're pretty little birds.
Crafts with colors on them.
So I took eight of them.
And then they gave me two extras because they're nice.
I've got a harmonica.
And so now I put it on, and I walk around
and make cool of myself.
I thought you did that anyway.
Yes, but now I can stay cool while doing it.
Literally.
That's what I call an intelligent, ridiculous looking
fashion sense.
I wish I had the webcam stuff working, but I don't.
I'm still working on that.
I'll hopefully have that up soon.
Of course, I said that two weeks ago, so who knows?
That's soon in Rob's universe, by the way.
Yes.
If you want to join our chat room, visit any other side IRC server like IRC.Acheheads.org
and join channel Orange Lounge and you can talk to us and participate live with the show.
Remember, that's Orange Lounge, not red or purple.
the band from 2DX where we stole the name, basically, yeah. Anyway, let's talk to our
guests. Let's talk to our guests here. Hi, guests. Do you guys have anything that you're
here to plug tonight? Because usually when guests come on shows, they're here to plug
something like their latest album or a TV show or a movie they're going to be in. Do
you guys have anything, tournaments or special appearances you're going to be making or websites
or what? No. You're just here for the fuck of it, huh? Yes. You're just here to say,
I was on Orange Lounge. I destroyed Orange Lounge. Bingo!
He's here to watch anime porn with all of us.
Yes. What was the coolest line?
Oh, my baby! Not inside of me! I don't want to be
pregnant! Not my baby!
Oh, that one part where he's fantasizing about the chick
and then he sees the guy sucking his dick. Oops.
Hint's the warning for adult content.
Yeah, sorry about that.
How about you, Jazz? Anything you want to promote?
Go Stas Squad!
Yes, go Stas Squad. Thank you.
Go Dave Squad!
Team SAC making an appearance at the teaser.
Why did I grab the mic?
Cuz you are an attention whore.
I grab the mic all the time.
He's right next to me.
I have Rob's mic!
Ahh!
It's a big grab.
I can already tell where this show is going.
You know, maybe I ought to take the suggestion and just end the show when The Simpsons come
on and we'll just fuck the show, let's watch The Simpsons.
No.
You can't, we can't do that.
We're dedicated.
But we're on the radio.
Okay, well if we actually want to do some important stuff I can go over what new sim
information out there. Okay, well to begin, we've got a DDRMania X finally back up, still
waiting on the melting pot in DWI, at least there's new mirrors for that. DWI, I guess
version 2.0 beta 5 is finally out now. Unfortunately, because I did play with the sim last night,
I have 976 songs in there now. The problem is you can't configure any of the keyboard
or joystick options in there, so basically I was stuck without being able to use my pads
on it, which really disappointed me, and the movies still don't work on them. Um, Step
Mania 5 is supposed to be out pretty soon, or at least Beta 5 for that, so, you know,
hopefully soon, because it said on, uh, DDR Maniacs that it was already out, but I haven't
seen it, and still waiting for that. Um, other than that, you know, Turning Mix 2 is still
on for August, you know, so entering that, you'll see all the new songs come up around
August 15th on DDR East Coast Invasion, so watch for that I guess.
Do we still have time to enter that?
Uh, yes we do.
Anytime, well this time around I will be entering, I've already picked which song I'll be doing,
which will be Outer Limits, so look for that to be coming probably on August 15th.
Rad.
I would like to make a shout out to Ash who just entered the room.
I'm glad that you made it into the chat room. Enjoy IRC.
Now one errand that you guys were running today, kind of speaking about the PC simulations, you guys were running over to Fry's to pick up a copy of Dan's Dance Revolution for the PC.
Yes we did.
And you haven't even gotten to try it out yet.
No, I made a copy for myself and then I didn't quite get a chance to. I'll play it on one of the breaks and I'll be back with my brief review of it.
Okay, so during one of the breaks you can go run out there and install it and give us a review.
Oh, it's already installed. I just gotta go play it.
Oh, okay. We'll do that during one of the breaks.
So we'll talk a little bit more about DDR for the PC later.
What else in news is going on in the Bimani world?
I know, you guys were at that tournament that just happened over the weekend, well not over the weekend, it was during the week, the Triple Threat, what did you guys think about that?
Or you weren't there Justin? No, just Mike? What did you think of the Triple Threat contest? Give us a little summary.
Okay, yeah, for one thing, Mike Noah should know that he should never have a tournament on Thursday and Friday.
But he already knows that from the bitching that people have done, including Slip and Meow and all the other fucking flamers out there.
I wanted to go to that and I couldn't because it was on the weekday.
Cool, but some of the things I didn't want to see, like zero stripping in front of Emphasis
or Mr. Windle almost eating Emphasis too, which was not a good thing to see.
I feel sorry for Emphasis, yes, as we all do.
Gee, anyway, um, yeah, like, Corey, he was bitching again.
Because he lost. But yeah, he has to get over it and deal with his loss, just like every other P.A.'er.
Who won?
For Royal Rumble, Eugene won. I give him props for that, because he always practices a lot.
How many people did he conquer to win that?
Well, he was the 16th person to go up. He took out his brother Ree, I believe? I'm not sure.
And then he just lasted after that all the way up to the 28th person.
And then, emphasis, he got to come back again because he had tokens.
Because every time you beat three people, or so many people, you gain an extra so-called life.
So you can make a comeback.
But Jimmy lost to him on Kakame, which sucked because he'd always practiced that song a lot.
The arch madness, surprisingly, Rii won, beating Eugene by two greats on Wakalaka, hidden right on flat, I believe, which was pretty good.
It's scary. Yes, very scary.
Um, Survivor Series, I talked too much shit, I thought my team was gonna win, but got knocked out first round.
It was really close. I took out Ree, which is a good accomplishment, because he always beats me at tournaments.
Yes! Thank you all! Thank you all!
Anyway, yeah, um, a lot of people came. It was a good tournament. Hope to look forward to another one like that. Just make sure it's on a weekend.
As you all know, on the 17th, Dark Sound's tournament is going to be at Mountain Mike's in Concord.
Hopefully all of you will come to that. It should be pretty fun, entertaining, like the last tournament he had.
I like the fourth bracket. This wasted two minutes of my life and I want it back for freestyle.
That would so be my category if I ever actually entered freestyle.
Did you get a chance to see my drunken freestyle last night?
On Loki's sim I was dancing, he has a speedway in his sim with steps to it.
I didn't see it, however I think that might be an excuse to revive the bats.
You know, I think, you know what we ought to do?
Let's go to this tournament and just get fucking wasted and do a freestyle routine and see
how we do.
Which for me, but damn it, if I'm going to freestyle is either going to be with bats
or pom poms.
It's acceptable. If other people drive us, it's cool. We're going to order a picture of beer at Mt. Mike's.
Well, I don't know if it would be against the rules if we could do the freestyle with the picture of beer.
I wouldn't want to spill my beer.
First off, that's alcohol abuse. Second of all, that's a dance pad that we can't get wet.
You know, at least from non-organic, well, I guess it is organic.
You know, it's bad enough we might get so drunk to the point of accidentally urinating on the pads.
No. No. I may throw up, but I never pee on the pad.
Rob, shut up!
I'm just thinking of the sound clips I'm going to get from this show.
You are not using that! You are not.
I never pee on the dance pad. Thank you.
Anyway. Oh, other news. Let's talk about...
Yes, other news.
Let's talk about 8th Style, 2DX 8th Style, we've got some demo MP3s from 8rd Style because
it's on test location right now and so we're going to play some clips from some of the
new songs and we'll get, now has anybody else here heard these 8th Style songs?
You've heard, assume you haven't, we'll see what you guys think of them.
I'll play some quick clips. I'm not going to play the whole thing, because they're kind of long, so we'll just kind of skip to the middle and see what we get.
This first song I'm going to play is Airflow by Mr. T.
It kind of sounds a little bit like Burning Heat.
It sounds like Right on the Light.
Sounds like it's got a little bit of the burning heat-ish in there, because it's kind of got those...
Mr. T didn't do burning heat.
Didn't he?
No, that was Naoki.
Mr. T?
That was a tribute to Mr. T.
Ah!
It wasn't Mr. T.
Ah, okay, I see.
I'm confused now.
I thought it was Mr. T and Motokai F or whatever.
Huh, I could be wrong.
I thought Naoki did burning heat.
Mm-hmm.
No, I know it wasn't Naoki.
Anyway, speaking of Naoki, let's see how this one is.
This is a song and it's called The Blue Impulse, and this features Yuki.
Hooray, I'm happy he finally ditched Paul Terri.
Yay! Well, you know, that's probably just your other, it's their pet name, you know.
If Brad was here, he would smack you right now.
Yeah, well, he's not. That's his own damn fault for not showing up.
So, fuck Paul Terry!
And fuck Brad!
Yeah!
Anyway.
Right in the nose!
I hope he's not listening at home. Anyway.
Hi, hi, Brad.
Because I'll be in, I'll be in trouble if that wasn't.
Let's look at DJ Taka doing Rainbow Flyer.
Yeah, it sounds like I sense a lot of those little like triplet things that you see a lot in 2DX.
The VX is like da da da da da da da da da da da da.
Yeah, you have to remember these MP3s are going to be crappy because people are recording them off the machine literally.
Don't the machines have audio in out? Why can't they just use that?
Well, because the people who own the arcade or testing the machine might be kind of watching for the evil eye.
We have, like, Konami representatives around the bit, like, uh, what are you doing?
So, you know, save the game at given time, because that's what they did, you know, with Max 2 and that kind of thing.
So, just give it time.
Somebody will leak this soundtrack eventually.
And the last one here, now this falls into a category called Cuddlecore, which I'm sure to be interesting.
Sounds good to me.
This is the Munmer Twins.
I'm sorry, the song is called Munmer Twins, and it's by Yuu Tokiwa.
And this is, I hear this is really, really bad quality, so I apologize if it sucks, but we're going to try it anyway.
It sounds kind of mellow.
I know you hear all the conversation.
Does it get interesting by the end?
I think that's what we do, is we ruin the games.
We love them so much, we ruin them.
You heard it first, on Orange Lounge.
I'm saying in the chatroom, I farted better quality sounds than this in response to the Cuddlecore song.
That was from Iron Man.
That would be an interesting 2DX song, kind of like in the kitty. You remember the kitty song?
The theme of OOPPA!
That song was very interesting.
It made it onto Beatmania Pocket for Wonderswan.
That actually is a really good version of Beatmania.
If you have to have it with you and you have a Wonderswan.
It came with a little scratch pad that hooks over to the right side of the system.
And all of the music, it only had ten songs in it, but they were all digitized.
She didn't get, you know, crappy MIDI like with the DDRGB series.
But it had theme of hookah on it, so that's why I said that.
And of course also still popular in the 2DX world, 6 style for the home.
Still pretty much new, and lots of people getting that, and more and more people playing
it.
The Game Boy versions of the Bumani games, you can actually get those at BumaniStyle.com.
Hey, hey, hey!
They've got them there.
Free plug!
Yeah, free plug.
Or you can do what I did and go buy them.
There's the right way and the wrong way.
You know, that's like so 2,000.
You know what?
I have it on my Game Boy and I can take it with me whereas I can't take my whole computer with me.
My bio is a little heavy, thank you.
and it won't fit into my purse.
OK, we're going to go to a quick break here,
and we're going to test out DDRPC.
Some people are running out to go play that,
because we just got it here, a copy of In the House.
And we're going to take a quick break,
and we'll come back with our initial thoughts on DDRPC.
Some interesting news involving DDRPC
that could be an indication of where US Balmani is headed.
And also tonight, we've got FU the Week,
pretty lengthy this week and we also are doing another additional list list tonight so stay
tuned for that.
we'll be right back
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum Yum, yum, baby, McLaren
Bye, bye, baby, bias I'm I'm one
polis
Bitch, get a new song.
An open letter from orange lounge radio.
I think that was like the very first promo that I ever made for the station, I'm not
sure.
I remember coming up with that in your car, you did.
The One-Hit Wonder One?
No, not the One-Hit Wonder One, I'm talking about the Jogo one, because we were listening
to one of your Dance Mania compilations.
That's right.
It was playing Bye-Bye Baby.
That wasn't nice, Jogo was cool.
But she needs a new song, I mean, let's face it, they're all the same.
The song was playing and I was in the back seat singing Dom Dariyam.
And that's like how Matt, who's out in the garage right now with DDRPC, playing, he has
an edit for Bye Bye Baby Balloon that's basically just the steps to Dom Dariyam, and it works
for like the first half of the song, but then it kind of gets out of sync, like there's
an extra beat or something that throws it all off, but it works scary well.
So as I mentioned, they're out in the garage right now playing DDRPC.
Are you sure they're not watching the anime porn again?
could be by this point as soon as I left, but when I went out there they were watching
the DRPC. A whole new interface, which I've got to say is weird. I mean, it's kind of
like fourth mix. But not. But not. How do I explain this? Okay, imagine if on fourth
mix you could go down to any category you want. You could select any category you want
and then that list below with all the songs would change as you move, like you could also
move up and down as opposed to left and right and change the categories basically, except
instead of kind of being in a line, all the songs are in this little spinning circle thing
which is kind of odd.
And if you press right, it goes to the next song, it spins like ch-ch-ch, kind of cool.
I like it.
Now one thing I noticed right away, the characters are based off some kind of new engine because
they're really high resolution, they look really good, the characters, which is probably
why the new hidden characters is such a big deal. Which is one of the big news that came
up this week is that there's now, they've released the very first downloadable characters
for DDR PC. I believe Zach and Alex are the names. And they're not based off any other
previous DDR characters, they're brand spanking new. Yay for America. Yay, we get something
Special. We get an Earthlight mix and an AM3P mix and now we get Pallet Zack.
That makes me smell a patron of crime. I'm feeling it in the cockles of my heart.
Basically the game is mostly based off a fourth mix engine, although it is a little smoother.
I'd say it's a lot, the arrows seem to run a little smoother, kind of like fifth mix smooth.
I was going to look and they turned it off.
of them you didn't get to see the interface thing it's well I mean again
since it's based off a fourth mix engine it it looks very similar except you kind
of could just pick any category you want and then the songs are in a circle as
opposed to across the bottom kind of interesting huh yes circles are good
and then I'm also I'm also being told not to forget Angel Zukin as opposed to
Why can't we have purgatorial zukin or something? Where it's just kind of boring and just stands there.
Japs got zukin. Since there's like two players, can't they like thin down shit on their face and everything?
and yell out in all right
so this is how it will be how about topless how about topless
kid
they should have like boys again
advocating how long do you think was a bounce
or
in the chat room they're hoping for shirtless emi
you know
Did I get pantsless rage?
How long do you think it's going to take?
Do you think he's going to bounce?
If somebody went and hacked Tomb Raider so that you could play a nude Lara Croft with big ol' jugs and you know
How long is it going to take before somebody hacks DDRPC so you can play Top Lezukan shirtless enemy pantsless rage?
So what, then merge the first dead or alive with DDR and have like bounce, bounce, revolution?
You know, bounce with me, bounce.
Since now you can play DDR at home in the nude, play along with our characters in the nude!
You know, I bet they're gonna have skins you can make for that, though. That would be awesome.
New skins.
Ooh, baby. You know, it's gonna turn into this whole big, you know, fad like what happened with The Sims.
Sims you know where you can have you know Wolverine and somebody random like
I don't know Galactica's you know hanging out doing husband wifey things
we have the return a very observant fellow in the chat room says you could
says now I can't confirm this maybe Jamie can but you can see rages ball
line and third mix. You know, I never bothered to check, but maybe I will. I was pyro man
this event. You're a moron. So we have nuts in DDR. Let's just not talk about people to
play. Oh wait, Matt's back joining us. What were your first impressions of DDRPC being
a sim fan? Okay, let's start with the interface. What the hell were they thinking? It's fourth
mix but is the most retarded earphones I've ever seen okay but I'll give it a
little credit because fourth mix needed that where you can go back and forth
between the categories it just it looks kind of dumb I mean but the idea is good
it just okay it's like if you took the banners from fourth mix is sucking on
the little CD rotation thing they have an all music mode you would get what you
have there which looks like a bunch of banners hanging from a spindle thing
like some sort of like sunglass case type thing that you would see in a store
is the most fucking retarded thing and they only have like eight songs in each
thing so even if it was like fourth mix which you've got to admit has about like
at least 20 or so in each category I mean why the hell are they doing that
with the interface it just looks like crap so that's fine you know it looks
like crap the textures as far as the characters go really good looks nice and
yeah the characters look nice those first thing I said to backgrounds who
really cared no one watches the backgrounds, but they look nice too.
Did you see any LEGO people yet?
That's the best backgrounds, LEGO people.
Well, no, I didn't, but what I did like though is the fact that you can customize with buttons and stuff
for the controllers and that kind of thing, because the way I have my pads wired, they're really fucked up, so
you know, if it was set to how a pad was, it wouldn't work, so
I'm glad they have that at least.
Meanwhile, we have Mario with a yo-yo stuck in his eye.
Hyroman sent me a picture, shall we take a vote on whether to open it or not?
It is entitled Rage.gif, so you can bet you know what it is.
Balls!
Alright, so we all vote yes, we're going to open it, that's what I'm going to do with
these files sent to me during the show, now we're just going to vote if we're going to
waste our time with it or not.
Alright, we voted to waste our time with it, here we go.
It's just a picture of Rage, I mean...
He's got a shadow between his legs.
Is that supposed to be that the shadowing there is supposed to be, like, balls?
Unless he's got some really huge testicles.
You know what, for his fat legs.
Is that supposed to be the peenie right there?
If so, that's not impressive.
Alright.
I expected better from Rage.
But keep in mind, you know, Rage goes everywhere.
Well, maybe that's why he's called Rach. He's, you know, he's very angry over the fact he has a small penis. I mean, I've never, I've never thought about that.
Hooray, this show's resorted to dick jokes. Yay!
Oh, no, no, it's like that one, that one joke where it goes, um, it goes in to get laid at a brothel.
Wait, wait, wait, you know what?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I think it's doctored, I don't know, because...
I don't know though, maybe not, because the shadowing looks right, I mean I guess it's
a real thing.
You know, Robby, you're trying to look like a woman there.
So Rage has a vagina, chicks with dicks.
So basically the backstory on Rage could make it in the porn industry because of one small
defect, so he's turned to DDR to fan out his frustrations.
No, it's like the joke of the man who went into the raffle.
He goes in and this one woman comes running out of the room laughing hysterically, so
his dicks had tiny on it.
And so another one goes in, and she comes running out screaming, I can't do it!
His dicks has tiny on it!
So another one goes in, and she actually has a little bit more patience.
She comes out hours later, and the other goes, so you could do it?
How could you do it?
He's like, once you got that thing going, it said Tiny's Bar and Grill, 5734 5th Street,
New York, New York.
That old joke, I know, but that's why he has the rage, because nobody will give him a chance.
That sucked.
Now there's talk in the chat room and if you want to join our insane people in the chat
room you're just going to head over to any other side IRC server like IRC.eggheads.org
and you're going to join channel pound orange lounge and they're talking right now they're
wondering if um well they've got one more dick joke there if afro's hung like a horse
they're going to look into that maybe get some more pictures in the contest with dread
snake i think dread snake has a beat the name says i don't know man you've got those robots
in there too I mean who knows of that kind of stuff I mean really anything's
possible there they have all those attachments don't they and now we've
really really gone into the adult content so I think maybe we need to be
people no no break we're gonna talk character now you people need to get out
of the gutter because you're all stepping on me so go away now these new
new characters are going to be coming out? No. Jamie's thinking about Dick. They're coming
out. So what kind of characters do you think we'll be seeing with these new Konami originals?
One thing I suggested on a post like this in DDR Freak, of all places, was that Konami
seems like the type that would have a little bit of humor and probably put a dancing Solid
Snake in the game. Like as the very last character would be like Solid Snake and like maybe Krita
in there. You know what's pretty cool? I'm sorry I have one suggestion. You know Naoki's
in DDR? They should put Mr. T in there and have a look at Mr. T. He's like, I pity the
The K-O-A guy getting fired or something?
No, Pikachu is a Nintendo character, I don't think it's going to show up.
Pikachu needs to die.
They need to get those guys from Contra in there.
Oh yeah.
See, I have this secret little plan that I'm going to take over...
Well, that's right, there was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
That would be awesome to have the turtles dancing at the scene.
Have Splinter dancing.
But no, I have this plot going on that when I go to Tokyo next year,
I'm going to take over Toei and have the rights to Digimon be my own,
will have Digimon and DDR because I'm also going to take over Konami next with a tank.
Well we do know that the last unlockable character is going to have to be something very interesting
because most of them have a partner, but the very last one is Solo.
Kid Dracula.
So, I'm being told that anything is possible and things that you might be thinking are
rumors very well could be true, that's all I can say.
This could be the guy from the Mike's Hard Lemonade commercial with the crazy head growing out of his shoulder.
See, he's got his twin, but it's only one person. That's what it is.
I'm telling you, man. I've heard inside information, okay?
What about, like, three-titted Emmy?
I think this, though, would make a... honestly, Rob...
I think this would make a good future list list, honestly.
Or they'll have, like, sex slave Zukin in there.
No sex slave Zukin. We need no pants rage.
Bondage Alice.
Guys! No, no, no, no.
It looks like you can have Bondage Alice and three tent Emmy that I get.
You know, no pants rage.
Well then you gotta have, you know, a dread guy eating dreads everywhere.
Yeah, okay, anyway.
Cousin bit with dreads.
Oh, now that's a good suggestion I'm reading in the chat room.
that the last character should be a moe head, or Maui, I can't even say that word, like
from a...
Oh, the moe head!
The moe, thank you.
The Easter Island heads that you see in...
But they would get sued by Emotion.
Oh.
Yeah.
There's joint ownage laws there, apparently?
No, Emotion, for long-term Otomy fans, Emotion uses the moe head as their mascot.
What about getting sued from Easter Island, okay?
They had the moe head long before, you know, Emotion ever came out with it.
I'll stop now.
Talking about that old school emotion intro with the little 80s drum rock.
A lovely suggestion from the chat room.
How about Dark Sakura dressed up as Emi?
As an unlockable character.
I've already done that.
But as an unlockable DVR character.
Oh wait, not me.
Okay.
Do you want to go model for the lovely folks at Konami?
Okay, the pictures from Fana Mae are still up on my FTP, but no, if anybody actually
wants to see, I can draw it.
I have before.
Go!
Maybe we'll make that for the site.
We need to put Happy Noodle Boy as the last unlockable character.
Happy Noodle Boy?
Happy Noodle Boy.
Please elaborate.
He's a stick figure who spouts off randomness.
It's great.
He's a John and Vasquez character.
You know, just as long as you know people don't go nuts and make like, Mega Tokyo, you
know, skins for-
You can have Godzilla as the last character.
Go Godzilla Go!
Yeah, but like, on the serious side, I'm thinking that they might do, uh, just another artist,
like how they did on Fifth Mix with Naoki and, uh, Two Megabyte.
I was thinking Togo and Senna.
Or Taka.
But then if you use the both of them, you have Outface.
The one-handed V another guy.
Lee Su!
Lee Su!
We need DJ Lee Su.
Just a giant dancing hand.
No, then they'd get sued by Nintendo for the end of Smash Brothers.
With a giant hand that, you know, pokes you and flips you off the edge of the world.
Well, actually, you know, the game Hand of Fate, one of the Cryo India games, had a giant hand as the villain, so they could be sued by them, too.
Now, Matt, I asked your expert quote-unquote opinion, at least probably being the most educated on all the hacking of various DDR-related things in the room,
How long is it going to be before we get people creating their own DDR characters you think, such as Three Titted Emi?
Well, you know, that all depends on how they're in there.
As far as the music and stuff, it looks like it's pretty much similar to DDR. It's just one huge bin file that's in there.
I'm going to look at it and see what I can figure out.
I'm not that great as far as hacking actual programs and stuff.
I'm good with edits, that's about it.
But I'll figure out some, maybe.
You know what?
I will pay someone to make me a Dark Sakura as a skin for the DDRPC once I get mine.
What about Pantsless Rage?
I'm more important, thank you.
Give me your card.
I give Pantsless Rage!
Well, actually, now that I think about it, since you do have the add-on characters now, it might be a little bit easier to make these extra characters, because you can look at that and see what's all entailed. I definitely see it possible, so we'll, I guess, have to wait for that.
I'm serious, I'll pay you a whole 50 cents. Oh, wait, those are golf land tokens, my bad. But they weren't getting any golf land. That's half the game of DDR.
Oh, SoCalCakes is going to send that to you. He's volunteering to create that.
Okay. And, by the way, he still needs to send me proof that he, you know, got a 90% full combo on my Look to the Sky edit.
Other rumors about DDRPC is that not only will you have the downloadable characters, but you're going to be able to download new interfaces and possibly some new songs.
What do you think? Is that, for DDRBC, you think that's a possibility or you think it's a load of crap?
That's a load of crap.
I say it's a possibility and it will make it a lot better.
But it's a load of crap.
Why?
Why, I mean, why give away a license, you know, they're gonna have to take the money to, you know, license songs and stuff, or I guess they could do new Konami originals.
The song list though right now is all Konami originals.
Okay, fine. They can throw in more Konami Originals, I guess, at no cost, and then have those for download. So I guess that's feasible.
But really, why would they do that? I mean, they've already put the money into it. They'll probably just make another version with slightly more songs, more Konami Originals, same interface, yada yada yada.
I foresee it happen.
and then they're gonna have like the downloadable feature that'll like you
know
on it'll allow you to on stone parliament form
link link in my anyway
I'm nodding but none of you can hear it because the marbles in my head fell out
last night
party as I think what many of us lost our marbles today on the show
that's okay I'm
What else can we talk about DDRPC? There's something else I want to ask about it.
They make it frisbee, too.
Well, the slightly pointless edit mode, I don't know.
And DDRPC, though.
I've used the edit mode in DDRPC and all the edits come out perfectly fine.
Unlike economics, where at the end they all tend to get really, really messed up.
Dropout. Dropout. Dropout edit when you make an edit to that.
Actually, you know what? I've looked into that because I've done this whole edit hacking thing.
It may look like that there's more arrows at the end there, but actually they don't get saved to the new file.
I actually have a whole section in my FAQ that you can find at www.geocities.com
I
personally don't feel there's gonna be downloadable interfaces and songs because why do that when
and they can release DDRPC Second Mix Max Ultra 2000 3-Titted Emmy version.
We do not need 3-Titted Emmy version. Thank you. We need no pants range.
Well, you know they do have all these weird games that come out. Like there's that Matt Hoffman's BMX.
They're actually making like a sort of adult version of that. I'm dead serious.
Are you serious? They are making, what was it, Matt Hoffman's Triple Extreme. I'm serious. I've seen actual articles and I've seen pictures from it. It's like they're going to have topless writers and stuff like that.
You think?
Guys?
No, women, of course.
Damn.
What's going on PlayStation 2?
You have to explain the reference to those, you don't know.
Dead or Alive Volleyball.
All the bouncing you can handle.
You know, if anyone is an old school importer like I am, you might remember a couple of
games they put out called Konami World, which were basically different adventure games.
They were a little platform game that had, each level was taken from various popular
There was a Dracula, a kumajou Dracula 3, there was, or for Castlevania, for U-Uninformed.
Gradius, Y-Force, there was all that.
If they did something like that, now it'd be like the DDR mini-game within Tokimeki
Memorial, Dancing Summer Vacation, and they would have the pop and music mini-game, the
2DX mini-games.
They'd be switching out controllers the whole time.
Now, I think the absolute coolest character add-on that they could do if they're going to do it.
Absolute...
Shut up!
Anyway, the most cool, I don't know, anyway, characters you could download would be Goemon and the doctor, uh, what's his name, with the blue mustache. Remember? Legend of Mystical Ninja?
And who actually played that?
Me?
I didn't play it.
You didn't play it?
I knew who Goemon was.
I sure, I would be sure of all people you would have played it.
I rented it once.
Because they have the little mini-Grattias you can play. If there was a new version coming out, it would have a mini-DDR, I guarantee you.
You know, that would actually make sense. But we've already had DDR as a minigame for, like I said, dancing, summer vacation, for all of you dating sim fans.
An interesting comment about DDRPC from our resident joker in the chatroom, Pyroman, saying that you could put the arrows on stealth and then just please yourself watching Hi-Rez Charming.
And we have people with no sex life in our chat room.
Anyway, on that note I think we're going to take a quick break and re-situate some things
around the room.
I think Norman needs to prioritize a few things now that we've got a break.
Now be nice.
Alright.
We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be back.
And that's the end of the video, thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
Oh
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of
the Orange Dance Bay money music and more shows?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being at a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
And that's a message from someone who doesn't get a date.
Quit whispering in my ear.
We're joined by the individual who likes to whisper sweet nothings into my ear.
Say hello everybody to Shaboom!
Hi.
Hey baby.
You want to say hello to the bee-monnie freaks of America, Micah?
Hi.
Now, Micah, you don't really play these bee-monnie games, do you?
Oh, I have to point out though, however, for those of you concerned with the potty level
Rob, no offense, fuck that, but I feel like ditching.
R.P.C. has forty. Do the math. Forty bad songs. So, nine hundred and seventy-six. Forty!
Tough decision. I like, love this feeling, hello, because when all I had was DVR's second
mix on Dreamcast, that song came up four damn times a row on my non-stop. Don't you just
love random? You know what I have to laugh at? Say it again into the mic. Endless mode
Let the beat hit them four times in a row.
Love This Feeling has nothing on that.
So?
What I have to love is at Fry's, they have DDR PC there, and right below it they have Kiki Joys.
And for all those who might be running Sims and stuff and using Kiki Joys,
they don't allow you to push two buttons at the same time when it comes to the directional buttons.
I don't know, because they're dumb. That's the only converter that they have.
So, wait, who's the company that did it?
That issued Kiki Joy.
Fuck if I know.
Never heard of them.
Never heard of them. It just doesn't work. I own one.
Yeah, well, if you have a Kiki Joy, fucking light that shit on fire,
pick a shit on it, and smoke that shit.
The big indicator first is it's a giant pink object.
I've seen giant pink objects like that inserted in places, you know, not used correctly.
It doesn't always work good for anything that uses a standard Playstation controller because that's what it's meant for.
Not a dance pad. It is not meant to be played with a dance pad. Anyone that buys that for a dance pad is wasting their money, like I did.
Are you saying that it doesn't work on a dance pad?
It doesn't work because you can't push left and right or up and down at the same time.
What about a regular controller?
That's what most of the people will probably do on the PC anyways.
But when you buy DDR, you're not going to go,
Oh, I'm going to go buy a pad, okay?
It's all about the control.
It's all about the DDR personal massager, actually.
Everybody knows they want their big bumblebee in the bag, right?
And speaking of fucking things...
Anyway, let's change the subject now,
because we've got to get to Jamie's...
And actually everybody's going to participate.
Well, not everybody, but the important people.
I'm just kidding.
Anticipating in the fu of the week two of the topics. I had to bitch about are going to be covered by other people
However, I will mention them all right here. We go keep my music
Man this is bad anyway my fuck you of the week once again
Just like last weekend week before goes toward Ragnarok online
also
also as
I don't care. This is my fuck you so fuck you
anyway
Or, as my friend referred to it, as Krakenrock, but still.
Anyway, for any people who have been keeping up with the game,
and I'm sorry for people who have recently downloaded Cyro,
the server, the international servers have gone down for three months.
They've gone the further step to ban any North American, you know, European IPs
that try to play on the Japanese or Korean servers.
And, you know, I had gotten to where I was enjoying it. It wasn't kicking me off nearly so much, and...
And guess what happened? They go down for three months. So fuck them, fuck them and their stupid asses.
I'm downloading a different game now.
And the next Fuck You of the Week goes toward AT&T, who I also hate.
My Fuck You of the Week is for AT&T Cable.
Damn them.
they've given us such wonderful new channels this week. We have Noggin, we have, which
is, Noggin fucking rules because they show the old school 80s Nickelodeon things, well
and early 90s, PDP, Clarissa Explains It All was on, and all this stuff. We get G4, which
is the new all-video-games-all-the-time channel, and we have, um, what else was on there, BBC
America, MTV2, and how does it count as a Fuck You again, and MTV2. Oh, it's here this
The reason why this is a fuck you of the week, when I tried to access these channels that said,
we're sorry, this is a subscription service, even though we're already raping you $50 a month for cable,
if you want these channels, you're going to have to pay $20 more.
Fuck you, I pay too much for my cable already.
You know, why don't you take off these shitty channels I don't want, like, I don't know, MSNBC, and give me...
oxygen yes take off take off lifetime with its fucking the only fucking cool
thing on lifetime is shop till you drop and they have that on packs now and
leave leave oxygen on because I got that old lady with the penis talk show see
that ever she goes this is a dick you put this in a lady pussy hole but on
lifetime also they have stories about like lesbians and them getting like
raped by their parents and then running away becoming foster children all the
fucked up shit that you can have all in one, like, hour and a half show.
Rob, I think you need to keep my music again.
I'm being told in the chat room that they will activate the channels for free, all you have to do is call, maybe for the first month, but, you know, if they're free, why don't they just give them to me?
We'll see.
Why do I have to call? Do I have to take a survey?
Why do you, sir, a 24-year-old individual, want to be watching Noggin Network?
Are you a pedophile, sir? No, dammit, I just want to relive my youth, is that so wrong?
I'm sorry, uh, JB's music.
Fuck them. Fuck them, you stupid ass.
The F.U. is linked to Panda Express.
Okay, Panda Express is like this wannabe Chinese food fast food place.
They have like a few things to order, I mean, and today they're out of practically everything.
Does anyone want anything, uh, other, well, white rice? Anyone want white rice?
I guess, okay, I'll get white rice, and then practically out of everything else, and they, you know, put my stuff in the bag,
My napkins got soaked in, I don't know what, some sort of juice.
Yeah, blood, I guess.
And they're fucking soup.
Panda Express is gonna give you AIDS.
It was probably Panda I was eating anyways.
But that's not the point.
Okay.
I got six from my lunch today.
And I was avoiding meat for that reason.
What pissed me off, I wanted chow mein.
I had to wait 25 minutes for them to fucking make some new chow mein
Because they didn't think that, oh, when it's empty, when it's starting to get empty, and we've got a line going out the door, maybe it's time to make some more, you know?
You know, not that they could, you know, foresee these things in advance, they have to run out of it first, and then I'll be the next person in line that's like, oh, you gotta wait 25 minutes, so we can make more joe mains.
Eh, fuck you!
and my second uh... empty catfish
my second f-view a week goes to the stupid bitch at uh... fries
here's a here's a little information for you
if i'm peeing with a credit card that means i'm over eighteen you dumb bitch
so don't ask me if i'm eighteen
if i have a credit card here
so what if i'm buying the anime porn that doesn't mean anything
the dumb bitch had
had the nerve to tell me
Well that's not necessarily true, my brother's only 16, he's got an ATM credit card.
It's an ATM card!
It's an ATM card, okay?
ATM card, she said her 11-year-old son had a fucking credit card.
How the fuck is he going to pay off a credit card?
Yeah, so have you been accused of having a false ID when you were 26 years old?
I've been called a platinum card dude, so it's not even really funny.
No, I have not, but I've been refused to have a movie because I didn't have my ID with me.
Stupid Chico Theater not letting me see Dead Men on campus.
You should be thanking them.
Yes, I did see that later on. Here, I'm scared for life.
No, I was at... This is one of my other fuck yous from Manuea Expo that I haven't brought up yet.
The fact that when I went to go buy... By the way, the doujinshi didn't turn out to be Yali, by the way.
no yellow, no gay penis, what will we do?
But no, the guy there wanted me to get my mom
so that I could buy Dojinshi
and then I showed him my license and my ID
On the topic of anime porn
I have another F.U. that's long overdue that goes to the stupid makers of that
movie
Sailor Moon and the Seven Balls. God damn that movie sucks ass
It's just like horrible flash anime.
Who the fuck bought that? Why?
That was a horrible flash anime that someone made years and years ago,
and someone actually went out and published.
I can't believe you paid for it.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
It was funny.
He was dumb.
I was stupid.
I was stupid again. No!
Anyway, have we got done fucking everyone?
Well...
I don't know. Now serving, 47.
Anyway, um, DDRholic,
hi by the way, I hope we see you at Gulfline this week,
says that they issue credit cards to kids with prepaid limits from Daddy.
Like one of those secured credit cards, where like Daddy pays $300, so
you know, Junior can have a $300 credit card to buy anime porn with.
Okay, but my credit card didn't say, oh look, it's a kid card, you know, with the big happy
It doesn't have Ronald McDonald on it.
No, it doesn't.
And the dumb bitch didn't even have the smarts look at my fucking, you know...
So you didn't get the Sailor Moon Platinum card then?
Did you go with your seven balls purchase?
No, I did not.
I can't believe you bought that, dude. What the fuck?
Of all the goddamn gimpy anime porn out there, you got something that I could make in my fucking sleeve.
He wouldn't have the Sailor Moon one. He, you know, did think he was younger, so he had, like, Super Doll Likaton or something.
Yay, my Gundam credit card!
Hey, okay, I like watching...
I like watching 10 frame animation with stupid sound clips repeated over and over again.
Then play DDR!
Well...
Oh yeah, gotcha there!
Good point.
It's like the songs are like sequence. You know, you sit there and listen to the worst sample out of the fucking one and a half minutes they could possibly be.
well you know that would kind of bring it back to that old topic we were just
talking about the characters and all the
no pants rage
anyway moving right along
i don't know what i really have any other subjects discussed
pepsi blue
well
yeah i get to talk again
pepsi blue is really good, hey shut up
pepsi blue is hella good
Everybody at the tournament was drinking that- SHUT UP!
Yeah, okay, anyway.
That shit was good.
Fucking Red Fusion takes, like, cough syrup. It's Frosty Poop.
I like Red Fusion better.
Oh, to hell anyways.
Pepsi Blue on your daddy. I want to tell some stories. Let's talk about, let's
make this B.E. Monty related,
and talk about refreshing drinks to play when playing DDR.
Um,
obviously Ramun,
The greatest drink that ever came in a pixie cup with that damn marble in there
So you can't tell how much fucking liquid is in there begin with
It's all about pocari sweat
What the fuck pocari sweat pocari sweat looks like sweat smells like what tastes like sweetened sweat and comes in a goddamn bottle
That says sweat
Pocari sweat is the absolute winner of all fitness tricks. It's one of the worst sports tricks. I've ever had my goddamn life
I would just like to say Shiba for that lovely description of pakari sweat. Thank you captain obvious
Hey, you couldn't have thought of a better fucking name for it
It's it tastes like it's citrusy, but it's supposed to be like Gatorade, but it doesn't taste like shit
It looks like salty water, and it tastes like it too. It is not as salty as Gatorade
I like that shit that you bought at my propel water is propel water that I like that water is absolute winner
Well speaking you know about Gatorade sweat thing. I mean you know you see him
I'm sweating out that shit. I'm sure they'll just collect it. There you go, that's how they get that shit, you know?
What's it called? They call it drink?
You know, I've already stated that when, you know, when that Boba cafe that...
Boob.
When we open our tapioca express, I'm going to try to have a Pocari Sweat Vending Machine.
If I can find one.
Boba's an entirely different subject, man. I had that freaking starfruit flavor. It tasted like ass.
Someone in the chat will bring up balls. Now, balls is the most interesting soda I've ever seen.
Hey, it's blue.
Yeah, it's blue, and it says BALLS.
It's a big bottle of balls. You can't really go wrong with it, except for, you know, it's not the most pleasant tasting stuff.
And it feels like balls. The glass.
And Rob would go...
Oh my...
No, no, not those. I'm talking about, like, an actual little ball.
You can use them to give someone a back massage.
Right.
Balls!
No.
The Propel Water basically tastes like Ghetto Kool-Aid should.
So it's really awesome.
Oh, we got plenty of time. Who cares, dude?
We'll talk until they throw us off.
Yes, we...share with us.
We need...we need...
I want to share a lot of the...
Wait, before you start your story, I'm going to give you story music, okay?
So let's find some story music for Mike.
It's about our little Mexican friend, Jose.
Now don't make this a racist story or I'm going to have to...
Okay, okay.
Are we going to have to say anything?
Yes.
Alright, here we go. Let's talk to Mike and let's hear Mike's story.
What's the music?
The Journey to Wonderland.
Word! Anyway, okay, as all of you know,
know. You know the guy Jose who ran the Fremont tournament. Oh no, he was at the tournament
on Thursday and Friday. A couple of my friends, DCB and Chaos, come up to me and they randomly
ask me, why does Jose smell like shit? And why is he wearing the same clothes as he was
the day before and i'm really afraid of where this is going we all go you've all been to
sunnyvale golf land hopefully and you've all seen the giant clown mouth and hopefully you've
all seen the picture where well you all know that somebody's pissed in the clown mouth
anyway so you crazy sunnyvale people so the word's going around that like jail chiz
The Mexican guy slept in the clown mouth Thursday night because he had no ride home from the tournament because it was a two-day tournament.
So, yeah, that's my story.
It was supposed to be funny, but nobody's laughing, so I feel like an idiot now.
I'm blinking.
We're not laughing at you, we're laughing inside.
I'm not a pop 8, but I'm a cool 7.
And I'm a soul six.
And I'm not going there.
Hey, I heard 2DX.
We badly need a break.
Oh, did Matt want to say something real fast?
Uh, well, I was just going to talk about my experience of playing, uh, Samba Date, whatever
that crap is.
Make it snappy.
Today.
Well, I was going to do it after break.
Alright, we'll do it after break.
Okay.
Well, we're going to take a quick break.
We will be right back.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
us in the chat room, any other site IRC server, such as IRC.eggheads.org, and join Channel
Pound, Orange Lounge. And if you can figure that out, the winner is you. Yes, and you
can also visit our website at orangelounge.skie.cx, or send us an email, orangeloungeradio.com.
Orange Lounge Radio at yahoo.com We expect you a nice play again.
Don't leave it, don't leave it, don't leave it
You can have it all, no doubt, you're all alive
You can walk on ice, now
You can make it out alive
You can come alive, you can get through the night
If you get through the night, if you get through the night
We're... We're...
But when she caught his eye, ain't no man can fight the fear.
He knew he had to try to let love in.
His mother let her know, she was in the mood for talking.
So when he began to play the game, before he knew it he had told her how much he'd been
hurting.
How he was hoping she was not the same.
Who'd you say?
Who'd you say?
Who'd you say?
Who'd you say?
Ain't no man can fight those feelings
He knew he had to try to let love in
Mother let her know
She was in the mood for talking
So when he began to play the game
Before he knew it he had told her how much he'd been hurting
How he was hoping she was not the same
Could you see the time that waiting's gonna begin
After all of this time could just be true love
And she said boy you don't have to love no more
I'll give the love you need till you holler in the guarantee
Alexa, boy, I'm a fine lady
You've been hurt so deep so good I am the cure
And when you wake up late thinking it's a dream
Just let me, boy, you know you can still haunt me
And leave me
I'm a fine lady
You know what you found in me
As a lady, I'm a lady
Cause I can give you what you need
Baby, I'm a fine lady
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favorite perverse baumanni band, Erotic.
Do it all night, do it with me.
No, no, that was awful, bloody terrible, do you take vocal lessons, kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night.
Oh god, I think my ears are bleeding!
I liked it!
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula! Next!
Oh... that was cool...
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic! Next!
Come on, baby! Come on, do it with me!
Yes! Yes, that's it! We have a winner!
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll see, we'll see what we come up with, uh, during the week.
Anyway, um, let's see.
Uh, what else did they say? They said something else.
Oh yeah, they wanted us to talk about how American Idol is trying to warp our minds.
No, we have a segment to do. Anyway, we're gonna do a list list.
Yes.
Yes, we're gonna bring back another. Speaking of old, old shit, we're gonna do, um...
What we can do? If we run over a little bit, so what?
How about that? We'll just run over a little bit if we must.
You know, we run over everything, so we may as well run over our limit, too.
We'll close the show with doing a little Listless here.
So, um...
I don't...
I don't know what they're trying...
They're flooding the chat room with information.
I'm trying to find game show music.
Explain how Listless works for everybody.
Well, basically what Listless is, is we have our five lovely, talented, and quite beautiful contestants.
Each pick three items on the list of the subject matter.
And then we each go around and we put up our items until we have a list, in this case a 15.
Then each of us goes around voting to put one off, then we leave it to our chat room to vote what the final result is going to be.
Don't you think I summed that up nicely?
Yes, so on that note...
Let's play Listless!
That was really cheesy.
That was beautiful.
Speaking of lovely and talented.
So, who wants to start this? Let's start with our guests.
Let's start with our guests. Mike, your number... Oh, our topic tonight.
Oh, yes. We have a topic tonight, and that topic is what we feel is the best 2DX video.
The best videos in 2DX ever. And the chat room, you guys are gonna get a chance to vote on our finished list,
and you guys will determine the top three.
So, here we go, starting with DDRMike giving his number three pick.
Okay, my number three pick would be WowWow70s.
Ah, good choice. WowWow70s.
Number two!
Expla- wait, no no no no, you don't get to s-
Explain it?
Explain- just a brief synopsis for those that may not have seen it.
The song kicks ass.
And...
No, fuck that shit.
The song just kicks ass, I'm just gonna say that.
The video is really cool. It's really detailed.
I like how they have all the characters and shit in it.
For number three, I pick a song that I cannot say, Choto et Kizina.
I think that's how you say it.
It's a video from Second Cell, I believe, and the girl is dancing in the window.
All she does through the video is dance in the window and sing the song.
How cool can you get?
Cool as ice, featuring vanilla ice.
Okay. How about Matt?
I think we have to go to G2.
G2. And briefly explain G2 a little bit.
G2 has a creepy alien chick flying around looking like something.
Tran.
Yeah, Tran flying around looking like she's attacking the cameraman.
It's very dark and goes with this song very well.
Sounds good.
Jamie?
My number three, which for my list would have to be Ride on the Light, because well as my
fianc has described it, it's basically like an Evangelion fight done with little chibi
thingies.
Alright, fair enough.
My number three pick is Right Now by Atomic Kitten, because I like crap, and it reminds
me of the Spice Girls, so there you go, Right Now.
Hold on, Rob, I might be giving you an early birthday present next year.
Okay.
Alright.
What, are you going to fart?
That's not a present.
Okay.
Do you like crap?
It's a present everyone can share.
Nah, there it is.
You're gross.
You know, it's not the Spice Girls. If you're talking about crap, it's the Shite Girls.
Anyway, you're-
TDR Mike, let's hear the number two choice of yours.
Number two for me would be 250 BPM.
250 BPM.
Because of the crazy shit baby, devil baby, fucking schizo shit.
I'm about to have a seizure. The Satan fetus must die.
Yeah, exactly. Kill the fucking fetus.
My second big is love is dreaminess.
Love is dreaminess.
Just because running robots are good that cool.
Okay, my second big would have to go to Romeo and Juliet.
Romeo and Juliet.
Because of those crazy neon bears in the background.
They're so cute.
My number two would have to be for the cutest video ever, Sweet Lab.
Sweet Lab? Oh, that's a good pick. I didn't even think of that one.
It's so cute!
Okay.
Would you briefly describe the Sweet Lab video a little bit?
It's just a cute little thingy walking through the forest being cute and doing more cute things.
I hardly ever get to watch the video because usually I'm cussing at the song while I'm playing it.
Okay, um, what?
Cracker! How could you forget that?
You weren't here when we started making our picks. You can't play right now.
You can play next week. I'm sorry. You can listen, though.
Maybe somebody has Cracker written down.
We're not to the end of the list yet.
We're not to the end of the list yet.
Next?
Did I get your pick right now? Yes, sweet. I did get it right now.
My number two pick is a very new one, but it's fucking hilarious.
The Strong Yeager.
with with you know the with dungeon J humping himself and that's one of the
Jaeger all right so the strong Jaeger anyway she was trying to take over the
controls here but he can't because we're trying to do something here all right
number one picks okay my number one pick would be cheer train because it has the
Coolest lyrics ever.
And...
Yeah.
And it's all clay animation and shit.
And like, the stock animation is really cool.
Cool.
Yeah, I like Cheer Train. It's cool.
Yeah, so cool, cool, cool.
Good, cool.
Go figure, that was mine.
Oh, alright, Cheer Train, number one pick for you two. Alright, fair enough.
Alright, my all-time favorite has to be Greediest Cyber.
Ah.
Whatever! I don't care!
I made the same mistake last week, don't worry about it.
It has a really kick-ass animation video very similar to Burning Heat, but it's awesome.
Ron, you always call it graduistic, and that is not right.
Whatever.
Whatever, I'll do what I want, I'll do what I want.
I'm actually changing my number one.
You can't.
It's too bad. I'm a woman, I can do it, I have boobs.
As much as I love reincarnation,
I actually am going to vote for Burning Heat, simply because I am such a Gradius II fan, it's not even funny.
And that just is like, completely brings back the frustration of fighting the fire dragons and everything.
Fair enough. Well, my number one pick also happens to already be on the list. I put down Love is Dreaminess as my number one pick, so...
Then you can stick to Reincreditation.
I'll, uh, I don't know, give it to a wildcard.
We never hear from Bradley on this show. What do you want? You get a wildcard pick. Any 2DX video?
I'm putting it on the spot, but I don't think.
Think, man, think!
I think that's a subcontractor.
I like the video, but that's not one of my biggest favorites.
Uh, outer wall.
Dude, outer wall is...
Outer wall, okay. So there's a wildcard pick. Outer wall.
Now here's the fun part, now we're going to go around the room and you get to take one song off of the list, so starting with DDR Mike.
You see the list right in front of you, you can take off any one of those songs that you think, why the hell is that song there?
Romeo and Juliet, because fuck fuck fuck para, and fuck all you para-lists out there, you fucking faggots!
Fucking die para para tiger! I'm going to fucking cut your dick off you bitch!
I encourage people to rave on Parapara.
You can send those cards and letters to DDR Mike, care of Sunnyvale Golf Land.
Alright.
Needless to say, Romeo and Juliet is off the list. Oh!
And a big hearty fuck you Mike from the chat room. There you go.
I say bye bye to G2.
Bye bye to G2.
So long.
Next.
Next.
I'm going to have to say bye-bye to Cheer Drain because I hate the lyrics.
I hate the lyrics and I think the little peeps are stupid.
Stand by to win. No, stand by to lose. Aww.
I vote for 2.50 BPM to go bye-bye because the Satan fetus scares me.
No! I literally had nightmares about the damn Satan fetus when I first played Fourth Style, so no.
So that leaves us with our list.
WowWow 70s, Ride on the Light, right now, how did that stay?
I'm so happy, Love is Dreaminess, Sweet Lab, The Strong Jaeger, Grad U-6 Cyber,
burning heat and outer wall
those are choices and if you would like to vote on those
you have to be in the chat room just send me a private message
with your vote you just double click on my name it comes up a new window
that Sky OL I'm there and you can send me your vote right now
I only take it through private message if you don't send me private message
it don't count so you've got right now you've got a whopping
you got a whopping three minutes to vote we're gonna throw in a quick song and
And then we'll tally up the votes, and that'll be the end of the damn show.
So um...
Huh?
Okay, well, we'll give you a request from Jamie, because she's a woman and she wants
to hear a woman's song.
So here's Batgirls!
Hey girl, talkin' bout this, hey girl Hey girl, talkin' bout this, hey girl
I see them out on the streets at night
Walking, picking up those kind of strangers
It's right, it's right, when you can't go
It's fucking time
What you want in your time
You ask yourself
Who they are
Like everybody else
Oh
I've been waiting up long Late at night when you're all alone
It's hard to take, pick up the phone But even on, with someone else
You wanna keep this love all for yourself
You think you're being laid deep inside
Kinda love is so hard to find
Gotta keep it up for myself
Don't wanna share it with somebody else
No one knows what goes on when we are all alone
I know what I feel is so surreal
We are sacred lovers
Hope no one lets go
I see you every day, see me hide away, just around the way
If you're so close to me, don't look at my time, I see
What we held ever since, I seek you from the angle
I'm your love, baby, you're my love to me
Baby, I'm the one who needs you, baby, I'm the one who needs you
You can whip my baby, you can don't say maybe
Roll away the king, it's so bad to see only you and me
I hold on one last gun
And we're under cover and I'm not leaving
What's been happening here
I'm sick of my neighbor
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF
And for an extra $1.99 a minute
Maybe my girlfriend Mel B can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great?
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Yes, that was our special guest last week, Mel B, saying, uh, listen to our damn show.
And I'd like to say, because we're about at the end of the show, thank you guys very much for being here this week, DDR Mike.
Yes.
Yes.
Uh, the always, I should say the always colorful DDR mic.
Yes.
I was hoping he'd take a buck, yes, alright, and uh, fuck yes, I think.
And uh, big thank you also to Jazz for being here.
Meow.
Meow.
Well put.
Well we're not saying goodbye just yet, we're not saying goodbye just yet, but I just wanted
to make sure we thanked you guys for being here and coming out to, you guys think you
might be back sometime soon?
Yes.
Let us then reveal our top 3, as decided by the whole listless procedure, top 3 2DX videos.
Here we go.
In third place, drum roll please, burning heat.
Alright, ready for burning heat.
Let's give them some privilege.
In second place, is the strong Jaeger.
And in first place, for the super duper bestest ever 2DX video is, everybody, is Love is Dreaminess.
Yay.
Okay, so those are our winners and, oh yeah, they win.
give our winner song a little victory dance here. Give me a minute. Prepare your drill.
Get the Lego man out. It's time to play Love is Dreaminess. Or Love is, you know, also
on crack. Alright, I'm not going to play the whole thing. You got a sample there. I play
that all the time on the show, so if you haven't heard Love is Dreaminess yet, just tune into
To our Bomani Music and More program, which is always on the station when we're not 24
hours a day, 7 days a week.
Sorry, that video was Love is Dreaminess on LSD.
Love is a hallucination.
We got a few minutes left, somebody's trying to catch my attention in the chat room, just
tell me whatever the hell you want to say.
We'll talk about it, we got a few more seconds here on the show, I'm being sent a private
message.
We have as long as we want to have it.
Okay, let's let Matt talk there.
Okay, so I finally got to play that Samba de Amigo or whatever that is.
That game is weird.
Okay, they want you to strike poses and shit like that.
It's got, you know, fucking Ricky Martin in the mock arena.
This is a bad combo, man.
You need my VMU file that has the Burning Rangers song on it
and the song from Austin Powers.
And yes, we get a thumbs up from that.
And, you know, the Oppa Oppa theme from Fantasy Zone.
Do you ever play Fantasy Zone?
No.
Ah.
Poetry Pride person.
Huh?
I thought you guys were talking about something that should be on the air.
We're just about to.
I'm being sent one more preview song for 8th Style.
This is Past Career, it's called.
It's being sent to me so I can play it for you over the show in a minute.
Who is the artist?
I have no clue.
Where is this from?
It's not on my list of songs in, uh, 8th style.
Yeah, you gotta tell me where the hell this is from.
Person who's sending it to me.
Please do.
Where'd he go?
It takes a minute. Okay, here he is.
Use both hands!
Oh, he's saying it's the 7th style theme.
Why does it say 8th style?
It's supposedly the 7th style theme.
Well, that's cool.
Dude, it's okay. We still love you.
Hey!
Hey, Pamphlet's Rage.
We're in about the old range of four miles an hour. I don't know.
It is very cool. This is playable on 8 style. On 8-er style.
Aired.
But you know.
I can imagine this would be really difficult.
Tomorrow Perfume was the theme of 2DX 6 style and now it's in 7 style.
Yes, we...
Yeah, but we're talking about 2DX, not Deep Mania. Not Five Finger Ganis.
I still am of the opinion that maybe that should be our, you know, clip of the week.
Thank you SoCalKicks for sending me that file because if I don't say his name, he'll cry.
Anyway, I'm sorry, what?
He was talking about five fingering.
I still have you beat.
I talked about the king of iron fingering.
On that note, we are going to close out the show.
Thank you to everybody for listening.
Thank you to all the guests for being here.
Thank you.
Does anybody have any last minute thoughts?
Yeah, if Nikkari, if you're listening out there, yeah, you're like the coolest gay person
I've ever met.
Hey!
So are you!
Hey!
And, okay, half the community is gay, so it don't matter.
Watch science.
Nikkari's cool and all, but, you know, share the love, come on.
Fuck it, I hate everybody!
Are you the gay?
Watch that movie, Science, is like the best movie I've ever seen.
That's awesome. Go see it. Don't read about it. Just go see it.
Watch the Powerpuff movie. It's better.
Shut up.
Good night, everybody. Thank you for putting up with this train wreck all night long.
Any last thoughts from Jamie? Jamie, you get the final word.
I told you, my head's empty. I drank it all out last night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura,
and Rob Roberts also known as Sky and now here's your fortune cookie message
of the day and goodbye kids today's show was brought to you by the letter and the
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
