You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content and many instances of the F-word, which is not safe for children.
children
god damn you
stop calling here
isn't it four two one five pussy wane?
you bitch! now let me check the zip code
you want to fuck you? you have no morals darling
to add that I have my father's gun and a scorching case of purpose.
Kiss my grass, noob.
Mecha lecha hi, mecha hiney ho.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Sucker, yeah?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame!
I'm the father of my faith.
Breathing.
Breathless.
Heaving breath.
Heaving whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut,
while I go listen to my written experience records.
I am your singing telegram.
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America
on the planet Earth, Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned in to the Belmonte Scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things Beymane.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always is my lovely co-host, Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura.
This is episode number eight for August the 11th of 2002 and of course, as always, we're
joined by many in-studio friends tonight.
We've got Irene, Bradley, and Brad, and Lucy DiGordo, and Tal.
And this is the first time that Tal's ever heard the intro, also, I think.
It gets old really fast.
We're going to have a new one for show ten.
Show ten, we get a whole new thing.
We'll have a whole new website and everything.
Yes.
We'll be talking to everybody a little bit more later, but first we're going to take
a quick break, and I'm going to work in a request I've been trying to play for like
the past three weeks.
But I know that Jamie has an extra special request to give out.
So this goes out to Kelly, happy birthday, and here is your request.
Happy birthday to you.
yeah whatever we'll be back
Even though you tell me that I can't fly I ain't easy to hurt
I have a perfect life and I'm telling you I'll hide
I'm a cowgirl and I'm riding on my old bang-a-doo-bang
And I'm shooting all around
I'm a cowgirl, I be straight to the source Bang-a-doo-bang
It's so good to be back
I'm a cowgirl, and I'm riding on my phone
Bang bang bang, stayin' light on the phone
I'm a cowgirl, and I'm happy with that
Bang bang, it's so good to be back
I know that you want me, honey
I've been in so much fear
So many hard things for love
You know that I've only been around
You've been in my house
Walking all by step
I've just been found meaning
I'm just asking for the real love
It's gonna make me feel
Take me higher
I'm lost inside of me, trapped in a motion Where am I going to?
I need to live, I need to let go
Of all the friends and thoughts inside my mind
From all the chains combined
How can I find my way to you?
I see you reaching for my hand I see you seeking the secrets of my heart
To chase the silhouette of my own life with each other
How can I find my way through you, each and every one of my dreams?
You chase me with a mile an hour
And that's it, you heard a special request, Bambi with Cowgirl and Mr. T Take Me Higher
from 2DX4 style, 2DX6 style, Silhouette of My Mind, which Jamie thinks quite the opposite
of ass when it comes to Silhouette of My Mind.
That is like my favorite song, and I have two fuck yous of the week now, that's my music.
You want to get right into the fuck yous of the week?
Yes.
Well I had to say something really fast because we were talking about 2D, Mr. T Take Me Higher
was a request I think I got about three weeks ago, and I've been trying to play it every
week, I wasn't able to get it in that week, I've been trying to play it every week since.
last file was messed up. I keep getting messed up files, except we finally got an MP3 encoded
that works, so I was able to finally get that request out there. And of course, what does
it bring up but chatter about the 2DX4 style booty dancers. Everybody's favorite. I just
think it was funny how at least a good fifth of the people at the last Sviggle tournament
were doing the booty dance. That was awesome. I remember seeing a routine where somebody
was actually dancing to that song, and I swear, it was like, if it wasn't the exact booty
dance, it was heavily influenced by the 2DX4 style booty dancers, and for those that don't
know the 2DX4 style booty dancers, they're these two dancers that appear in probably
five or six of the videos in 4 style, I know they show up in Conga, Take Me Higher, what
else do you...
Gary Gary Daddy.
Gary Gary Daddy.
No, they don't show up in Star Mine.
Shut up, Brad.
And Nasty.
Nasty.
Ooh.
Every time I hear nasty, I think of the Janet Jackson song.
No, we're not talking about the booty dancers from 3rd Style, because 3rd Style also has
some real Jerry Springer ghetto booty dancers.
The 4th Style ones, though, were still booty. They were like Booty Max.
Booty Max.
3rd Style may be Booty Deluxe, I don't know.
Remember the solo mix Booty Dancers?
every freaking thing on solo bass and they're like ugly ass people who are
just kind of busting their groove I guess is the proper term for this
that's awful looking that's the reason to ban a solo machine about the badly
animated booty dancers from the old beat manias oh yeah oh yeah that's not even
like real videos if that's just like bad crappy animation like two frames a
second animation of like they sure are booty all right oh we're also being
asked in the chat room, when am we? When am we? You're going to have to excuse our show
tonight. We're a little out of it tonight. Which I know we said last week, except this
week we're not drunk, we're just, I don't know, Jamie. We'll get to your F.U. of the
week and we'll hear. What else do I want to say? I want to say something about the booty
dancers. Oh yes, our resident comedian in the chat room, Pyro Man, says the lady is
half booty dancer half mafia girl and half cutie pie which adds up to three
halves but whatever so that means that like there's another half of her
floating around that sort of pulsing and bloody and gory and on that note oh let
me plug the chat room real fast if you want to join in our chat room festivities
all you have to do is join any other side IRC server so if you just go and
download M-I-R-C at M-I-R-C dot com and then you're just going to connect to any other
side I-R-C server like I-R-C dot A-
I have to interrupt this piece.
Wow.
What?
That was the giddiest hand gesture I've ever seen from me.
Shut up.
It's radio.
They can't see that.
They can't see it.
It's radio.
I couldn't help it.
I started giggling.
I could be sitting here naked for all the listeners.
You know what happened right there?
They all just pictured me naked.
That's what happened.
And they did it again!
Anyway, you can join our chat room at IRC.Acheheads.org.
Make it stop!
Channel Pound Orange Lounge.
Is this what kind of show we're going to have tonight?
I mean, honestly.
Well, we had PETA Stokes last week.
You know, 3
Oh, Matt's here.
Matt's Tardy for once.
What kind of...
What punishment do we have for Matt?
Get the duct tape.
Okay. Anyway, let's...
Frosted shit.
We can make him drink the cigarette tree out back.
Ewww. Okay.
We're not going to get into that. Anyway.
Back to the chatroom.
Back to my fuck you of the week.
Yes, they know how to join the chatroom by now.
Just channel Orange Lounge, alright?
Let's get into Jamie's F you of the week.
I have two fuck yous of the week.
The first one goes to my cat, Shermy.
I finally double-a'd Silhouette of My Mind.
I'm sorry, wait a minute. This song just isn't going to work.
If you're going to rant about Shermie...
Okay, for the Shermie rant.
You know, I'm not, I know I'm not a really great 2DX player.
You know, I'm getting better.
But I finally PA'd Silhouette of My Mind.
Not PA, why did I say PA?
I finally double-a'd Silhouette of My Mind.
Shermie walks behind my PlayStation 2 and unplugs it before it saves.
And I haven't been able to do it since I had like three pours and that was driving me crazy.
Now play my pissy music.
Okay.
Now for my real fuck you of the week.
It goes toward germs and viruses.
I fucking hate them.
Tuesday, I'm happy.
Dan takes me to RVGL and I'm playing five games of DVR in a row and feeling good and happy and proud of myself.
I wake up Wednesday dead sick.
And I have been sick.
I thought I was better. I went to go get a Pearl Tea yesterday.
And I nearly passed out at the grocery store, which wasn't fun.
So I'm still not 100% better, damn it, I'm here.
So, fuck germs. Fuck viruses.
Fuck funguses, too, and allergies while I'm at it.
I hate nature! I just wish the world would explode.
And then I could take over hell.
Well, wasn't that nice?
I don't mean explode, I mean implode.
It would be a big black hole.
I have an F.U. of the week too, but this is a little silly.
My F.U. of the week is white t-shirts.
Because as you can see, I was eating chocolate ice cream earlier,
and I had it sitting on my lap like the little container of Ben and Jerry's,
and now it looks like someone pooed a perfect circle right on my shirt.
You just don't know it. It's the little man that lives in Rob's ice cream. He pooed on him.
Oh, uh, sorry about that, bro.
It does look like dried shit.
Actually, it looks like someone took that cigarette can you got in your back and someone, like, smeared all that juice right there.
Yes, you can do it. Wait, I...
I don't... Yeah, I do have that. Hold on a minute. I'm getting, uh...
I know I have sexy planet in here somewhere.
You don't get sexy planet, you're going to have to settle for something cool.
What is this? This works fine.
Okay, see, I'm kind of getting, the fuck you of the week is getting a little old,
so I'm going to do a fuck me of the week. Irene, would you fuck me?
Alright! Thank you.
Uh, not right now.
Did the bathroom sit on the hall?
Okay, use the closet.
I have one thing to say about that.
That's all, thank you.
That's what I feel like doing.
I know, it takes me a little time to load the sounds. I'm not super fast.
Five minutes ago, just call me.
Shut up. Anyway.
Oh, they're already done.
The chat room wants to get in on the fun. I've got another F.U. of the week.
Uh oh.
This one comes from DSCS SoCalKicks. He's been a long time supporter of the show, so I think he deserves a F.U. of the week.
What song will he give? We'll give him this. We'll give him the dancing pumpkin song.
SoCalKicks gives F.U. because he could not connect to Orange Lounge Radio tonight for quite some time because of his cable internet provider.
So, big F.U. to Cox Cable Internet.
Yeah, they suck cocks!
Cocks sucks cocks.
Hey, if Brad goes through on his offer, you'll be getting cocks cabled pretty soon.
One more hole and she'll have internet access.
I love when this show resorts to potty humor, if I ever mention one.
Marker...
No, no, no, my turn, my turn, my turn.
Oh wait, you want Fairy Tail?
Oh wait, this is for Matt? Oh, Matt gets fairy tale.
I thought he had Rainy Men last week.
Yeah, that's true. You got out of Rain Men last time.
Okay, it's very subtle. It's a subtle backdrop to your F.U.
Okay, my minor F.U. of the week goes to last week's show
and the very abruptly cutting off of my rant at the very end of the show
for added humor purposes. I didn't quite like that too much.
That's all.
Haha.
My response to that?
Bleh.
Did I spit on you?
No, I'm sorry.
That's okay. Some people would get excited by that.
Whoa, now.
Anyway.
Let's kill the music, shall we?
Any more FUs who are at it?
Because I want to put the nail in the coffin of the FU for this week.
for this week
fuck my shoelaces for coming and i was playing kakame tuesday
how about we say fuck you to the heat
it's a hundred freaking god damn degrees every god damn day of this week
tall this is an international show now we have people in all different countries
all places the united states listen to this show
in some places the world believe it or not it is cold
fuck them too
but you know isn't it still typhoon season in japan
I don't know. Do I look like the weather girl?
My extremate Candace lives in Tokyo and she was telling me about how people like go to work
during typhoon. Like the wind is 85
miles an hour. My girlfriend's in Japan and she says it's just really hot.
I think your girlfriend's just really hot.
Well you're gay so it doesn't matter.
Oh, the cat's out of the bag, Rob.
You don't know me.
You don't know a thing about me.
Are you gay?
Wait, let me play that again.
Hey, are you gay?
Yes.
Quite.
Oh, I thought that was the whole thing.
I'm sorry.
It's just that little bit.
Are you gay?
I'll play Kind Lady next break, Jesus.
All right, let's talk about, as long as we're talking about local stuff, we're talking about
local issues, and one of them being it's fucking hot, and the other one, other interesting
bit of news is that one of our last third Koreans in town, everybody loves a third Korean
the
is
are one of our last third creens in town finally got upgraded to a max to
it
but what do you what do you think of this that uh... it seems like it seems
like everybody who had a third korean now has a max to or a fifth
like everybody's upgrade the third creams but
Do you think that's a bad thing, or...?
Well, first of all, Max II kits
are really easy to find for certain reasons that we don't want to accuse
people of.
Bootlegs?
I didn't say it.
No, you go. Well, see, the thing is...
I don't know, I'm not really missing third degree, and I went and tried to play one the
other day, and now,
forgive me, I started...
I really got playing on fifth makes, I got good on sixth and
better on seventh.
I went back to try to play third. I couldn't see the goddamn arrows for one.
That's your problem.
They do grade harder on third Koreans.
Third Koreans are hella hard.
Obviously you've tried to play SSR.
You probably grew up on that machine and stuff.
But I really don't miss it at all.
Sky was trained on a DDR USA machine.
You know what?
I can totally one-up it.
Yeah, I know. I know, girl.
I started on a third mix and played a lot on a 1.5
Yeah, I
I used to play in the bathtub
and uh...
This is about DDR
For Tal here, why don't you call the wambulance?
I swear to god I'm going to fire you from the show, just kidding
I didn't fire him. Fire me? I'm not even getting paid!
Somebody needs to tell Milton that we fired him a year ago.
If you are getting paid, you're just not getting the money.
You're getting paid in donuts.
Oh wait, you bought the donuts.
But if they take a stapler, he'll set the building on fire.
He'll set the building on fire.
I'm sorry, yes, do you have a comment?
No.
Oh, he's...
Somebody brought donuts?
Matt runs out of the room.
Well anyways, 3rd VK, it's not really that good of a machine. It's old, it's a nostalgia, it's got gentle strats, strictly business.
But, I mean, really, think about it, the Max 2 has just got so many more songs, so many...
It's new, you know, like the guy keeps saying in 4th Mix over and over.
It's new!
3rd Korean, excuse me, it is the shit.
It's the poopy!
We need to bring on our filters.
Oh, you just got hit by the filter.
It's the boopy third Korean is the freaking boopy
I like the third Chris because there's just so many cheesy third mix songs that are just so much more like all the good erotic
Songs were in third mix do it all night. Oh, Nick turn me on
We're all in third base. Although you can play them all in fourth mix. There's something about being able to play like
What what do I like in third grade starion?
I even like the regular third mixes because the third mix has this nostalgic value for
me because it was my first DDR machine.
I had been playing on second mix since April 2000.
I had played on the first mix for Playstation in February 2000.
I went to Anime Expo and there was this gorgeous looking third mix machine and I freaking saw
I saw SSR the first time and thought I was about to, you know, pee my pants or something.
Jamie does win the award, by the way.
For being the most old school. Congratulations.
Yay.
Alright. Sorry, the only fanfare I have is like an hour long, so.
If it counts, I saw DDR in 1999 and thought it looked stupid.
I was busy playing Bust-A-Move 2.
more play than it ever did. Well, if it got no play and it's gonna get no play now, then
it's never gonna get any play. You didn't make any-
Oh, sure, inject your logic into everything.
You're not gonna get any play. You get no dub. No dub from me.
You know.
Yes.
I, I, I'm, see, the machine, everyone's gonna attach their own value, everyone has their
favorite mix. Like, I still think to this day my favorite overall would have to be second.
Yes. Why? Oh, I know why.
Because it has freaking battle mode.
That's step battle, yes.
Step battle owns.
Oh, they are warning you. Some of the locals that chat in the chatroom mat are warning you, no memory card slots at Folsom Game Room. Sorry.
Duh.
One thing I do have to say that I like for the mixes after third is that the old third mixes had the memory card slots in the back of the machines.
I remember.
I don't remember ever seeing one of those.
I thought they had them in the back of the machine.
Ouch.
I don't remember.
They're asking us, are you guys okay there?
You get situated?
Are you getting a little too hanky-panky back there or something?
I remember hearing that older mixes had them in the back of the machines.
Someone in the chat room is asking about the battle mode that was in fourth mix.
Well, it's not in kona mix, and that battle mode is different from the one that was step
battle in second mix.
The step battle in Second Mix had blocks of arrows go up where both players go and, well, shut the hell up.
Ah, they're just messing with us in the chat room.
The step battle was this different feature in Second Mix. A lot of people haven't seen it, but what it was, basically, you could dance a particular pattern and then your opponent had to dance that too, right?
Yeah, basically you would have all four arrows but they would be basically clear.
They would come up in a particular pattern and you would follow that pattern stepping
on whatever you wanted to, you know, of course you could do more than two arrows at a time.
And then they would come up red for the ones that you picked and blue for the ones that
your opponent picked but you still had to dance them all.
Very cool.
And it can get intense, you know, you have to be really good at sight reading.
So out of 2nd Mix's Step Battle, 3rd Mix's Unison, and 4th Mix's Battle, what was the
best?
The one that was in Disney's Rave Home Version.
No, I, was that adoption?
No, there was A, B, and C. There was no D. C. I didn't really like, because I played
a 2nd Mix and I guess maybe I just couldn't hear it or something, but it was like, I didn't
get it.
I was just like, what the hell is going on?
What the hell is Unison Mode?
I never ever figured that out.
the Unison mode was you had one set of arrows in the middle of the screen, and you both
had to dance the green ones, and then one person had to do the red ones.
Oh, I played that. It's like the battle mode, but it was harder because it was only one
set going up the middle. You got it.
Hey, they're gonna fight! That was the best part about Fourth Mix's
battle, was it goes, they're gonna fight! And then, like, if you're in an arcade where
the machine's turned up really loud and the announcer says that, you'll get a bunch of
those kids that call DDR gay and stuff, they'll turn around and go, what?
I remember playing the one on third mix, me and my girlfriend tried to do Jam Jam Reggae
Maniac.
Now, Jam Jam Reggae Maniac is hella hard to begin with, especially when it's flat and
the colors are all weird, and we tried it and we had no idea how to play a unison mode
to begin with, so it was like, what the fuck, they're red and green and blue!
I stand corrected, the arrows that both people have to dance to are actually yellow, green
was fourth mixes.
I actually do think that I like the one in fourth mix better overall, but still for purely
nostalgic value. The second mix, Battle Mode, was really fun. It's that battle.
Oh, you'd like this suggestion we're getting in the chatroom, Jamie. Jabberwocky wants
to make a DDR Puyo Puyo mix game. Now, actually, if I'm not mistaken, there is a Bahmani Puyo
Puyo game, correct? It's not Bahmani. Well, okay, I'm sorry, yeah. It's not Bahmani. It's
Bahmani-like. I can't believe it's not Bahmani. It basically plays almost exactly like Parappa,
Where you have your, I mean the pattern is a little bit more complex, but you have your
patterns come up and you know your characters dance to it.
For those that don't know what Puyo Puyo is, it's probably best known in the states as
Kirby's Avalanche.
Puyo Pop for Game Boy Advance.
Or did they have a Sonic version of it too on Sega, didn't they have a Sega Puyo Puyo
Puyo?
Dr. Robotnik's Mean Mean Machine.
Thank you.
And yes, I do own that version too.
I have all kinds of versions of Puyo Puyo, but that's besides the point.
Okay, we've talked about some old school
Bamani stuff. Let's talk about some new school.
If that's a term I can use, new school.
Uh, DDR Max USA, some slight new news on it. I mean, this was
something I kind of already been assumed,
but it has been confirmed by Konami of America.
We are going to have license tracks in Max USA, and not only are they licensed,
they're going to be exclusive.
So that means they're new.
It's new!
On top of that, there's really not much else to add until we get further announcements.
I think Max is still, what, about three months out for USA, so we'll probably be getting
some more songs in the next few weeks.
Did you have something to say?
Oh, I thought you were raising your hand.
Anybody want to comment on that news?
Isn't it coming out in November, or was it October?
I don't remember, really.
I'm just waiting to play something like Sonoma Lette.5 speed, you know?
Is it going to replace our USA machine at RVGL, do you know?
It's a home version.
It's not an arcade machine, it's a home version.
And by the way, just my own little happy New Bay Money news, in five weeks I'll have my 2DX controller.
But yeah, there's no Konami of America arcade unit anymore, so there isn't going to be any upgrades, ever.
Not true, not true.
They still could distribute through their third party distributor, whoever they're going
to team up with.
We don't know what direction that's going to take it.
It could be a good thing, it could be a bad thing, but probably going to be a good thing.
We just don't know, so it's too early to say.
All we've got on the front now, though, is this new home version.
It will be special.
Okay, anyone else want to say anything about Max USA coming up?
No.
I mean, we just don't know a lot.
It's new!
It's new!
And that's about all we can say to it right now.
I'm hoping we can get some interviews in the future on this show with people that can tell
us more.
But we'll see.
We'll see if they'll even call us or if they'll even talk to us.
Who are you?
What is this Orange Lounge show?
What I always do that works is you poison them first and then you say if you want like
the antidote then you gotta like do the interview.
Stop it.
Anyway.
Also new, new school, Euromix 2.
It's pretty much from what I'm hearing, it's Max 2 without everything good in it.
Like Oni modes and...
The interface is so freaked up, it's not even funny.
Actually there is a pretty decent review of it on the DDR Freakboards in the United Kingdom
forum.
Really nice review, first hand experience.
Which I believe links to another site called...
I think it's musicgames.com.
I don't remember the site of it.
Dancing Games, thank you, it's dancinggames.com, which is, I believe, a Euro-based site.
Something like that, they'll tell us.
Pretty much, it's Max 2 without the Onis, without any unlocks that we know of.
Moreover, it's got the thing where you have to pick your difficulty after you pick the song,
but it doesn't tell you the difficulty beforehand.
Yep, no groove meter.
And it's like USA, where you have to pick the song first, and then you'll pick the difficulty.
It's got some ridiculous looking, I mean the song selection looks really cool though, and it's got some of the Oni mode songs it already unlocked to be able to play, like His Area, and I forget which other ones, but I mean think about it, you can play the new songs with three levels of difficulty, and none of them are actual Oni difficulty level, I would think.
I'm being corrected on the site, that's actually DanceGames.com is the name of the site, so yeah, we were close enough, alright.
So that'll be interesting to hear more about. There's all sorts of new songs in there. You get to dance now to Nick Carter in Steps. Isn't that amazing?
Oh, I'm sorry, Aaron Carter. Nick's the one that's actually a Backstreet Boy, huh?
Does the excitement ever start?
From what I haven't heard much about the Steps, but I guess it's nothing too special or we would have heard more about them.
I'm sure we'll see them for The Sims pretty soon, so we'll have to wait for those.
Good deal good deal and for those of you who have been dying to dance to this song
For those who have been dying to dance to this
Kylie Minogue can't get you out of my head
The dancing stage party for the euro
Playstations will have
Can't get you out of my head by Kylie Minogue along with other songs an unknown bloodhound gang song
I know is on the list
We don't know but if you've ever just been dying to dance to those songs
Thank you, so that'll be coming out soon, and I haven't heard much about that. I guess it's
Supposedly some kind of oh Matt seems to know
Oh, it's got the nice new shiny cabinet. Oh, you're talking about the home version.
Yes, the home version.
I'm sorry. Now, I saw pictures of the new EuroMix cabinet. It doesn't look any different
at all to me.
It's just like a darker silver chrome color.
Ooh.
Well, it's got hardware upgrades supposedly.
Oh, okay.
No one really seems to know.
Well, that's cool.
But apparently EuroMix 2 doesn't use it.
Huh?
Well, EuroMix 2 is basically a dumbed-down Max 2 with some new songs.
Well, it's got a lot more songs on it, which means more stupid videos in the background.
And who knows, maybe actual videos from the actual songs, you know, like Aaron Carter, crap.
But the home version thing, I'm still saying that I'm jealous because, you know, the Europeans have two exclusive mixes with licensed songs in them,
whereas we had two regurgitated pieces of shit, and now we're finally getting some new shit. So what's up with that?
Well, I guess the whole theory is, though, is to get the new shit, you have to play the old shit, basically.
basically, is that they've got to prove that the old shit's successful to invest money
in the new shit, basically.
Yeah, but that's not the point.
Like, Konami didn't want to spend, because licenses in America are expensive. I mean,
look at how much they're charging internet radio off the rest of the place.
Oh, it's called a radio ambulance.
Well, you know, it's expensive, though.
Well, I point out to you also, when we're talking about licenses, Britney's Dance Beat
has only five songs on it. Five songs, that's all they could afford to put on the damn game.
So basically it's a matter of at least- Who would buy a Britney Spears game anyway?
Because it's by the time- Well it's a good half an hour long rental.
But I still would not pay money for anything with Britney Spears in it because my money
is worth more than your tits and ass I guess.
Basically the bottom line on why we get recycled stuff is basically it's kind of like, I guess
it's kind of having to prove yourself.
I think a lot of folks at the Konami of Japan who kind of have the rights all the DDR stuff
They don't really believe they laugh at ours kind of taken off
They let them like in every well
Let's release this and see how it does over there and then now that it's doing well
It's like okay
We'll give more of the rights and let you license your own stuff and spend the money on that and all that stuff. So
Yes, I'm being also mentioned in the chat room saying radio stations give out million-dollar prizes. They have money not this one
I pay to do this show. You can give me a dollar. If you want to send us money, hey
great, maybe we'll set up a PayPal thing, I don't know. Yes. Send us a dollar of
nine and you get a vanilla coke. Yeah, I couldn't get it. Anyway, so we'll see. As soon as we get more news on
Max USA, we'll definitely give it over to you guys. Also new, being location tested.
We talked about this last week on the show a little bit. 8th Style is brand new and it's
being location tested in Japan right now. And some of the MP3s got leaked, but they
were kind of bad quality. However, now we've got some very good quality 2DX 8th Style MP3s
that have been leaked to the internet and they've just spread around like a bad case
of an aerial disease. They're all over now. But in case you haven't heard them yet, I'm
going to play them for you right now.
Some of them are very surprising.
And they're all really good, in my personal opinion.
They sound a lot like the stuff that came out of BeatMania VI plus CoreRemix and a lot
of the same artists as there, such as like my favorite Pink Pong and athletics and such.
A lot of the new songs I like a lot, but most BeatMania purists, I guess, aren't very fond
of the way it is.
Well, we shall see.
Let's see what the chat room thinks of these.
I'm going to play three songs in this break from 2DX, 8th style.
We're going to hear, starting off, Tiger Yamato with V35, and then we're going to hear Mr.
Tea with Airflow, and we'll hear Pink Pong with Star Dreams, so I'm going to play those
three for you.
We'll take a quick break, and we'll be right back to talk about 8th Style here on Orange
lounge radio.
["In the Hall of the Mountain King"]
Oh
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
sedation live with Travis Ron and Jessica Saturdays 630 p.m. till 930 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time at understudationlive.org
What's going on?
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, Jamie doing a little reprise of the chicken
there.
I think he just blew out somebody's speaker there.
It's a chicken getting raped, dude.
You just heard three songs brand new, just all over the internet like a wildfire this
week.
They're shiny.
They're shiny spanking new.
First we hear Tiger Yamato with V35, second was Mr. T with Airflow, and lastly, Pink Pong
with Stardream.
A little promo for that other show on Saturday nights, understudationlive.org, a fun little
program I've participated in, and Jamie participates in quite frequently lately.
Yeah, I'm the number one guest.
Last night was a very neat show because for the first time, Travis played, during one
of the breaks, a 2DX song, which is very scary if you know Travis because he really just
I think Spamani people are dorks, but in a good way.
Never look back.
Which is a cool song.
Because it's goth.
It is a cool song, I agree.
But that's a fun show, and if you like what we do here, you should definitely
tune into that.
It's super fun.
I don't know how else to explain it, really.
Meanwhile, at the Hall of Justice.
Anyway, going back to 2DX8 style,
what do y'all think of the music?
What do you think of 8rd style so far?
It's special, and shiny, and I'm sorry, but that one Tiger Yamato track freakin' sounds
like it's Taka.
You think maybe somebody messed up on the labeling?
I don't know, but it sounds like Taka.
They're probably all the same people.
They're all Naoki.
Well yeah!
I mean, the one thing that surprised me of course about the list so far, and I do realize
This is only a test location list, so obviously not everything that's going to be new to 8th
Style has been leaked to the internet yet.
No TAC yet, which is kind of surprising, which is a crime, but we're just thinking he's taking
a little summer vacation and he'll be back.
I made him a money funny.
That wasn't a real D-slapper, huh?
Anyway.
No, no, no, no, there cannot be a 2DX without my man in it.
I'm being told that also, now I thought this was rumor, but it's being brought up again,
MAX 3 is supposedly location testing too, but from what I had heard, somebody actually
that's in Japan that posts on some of the message boards locally went to the arcade
that's supposedly location test and didn't see it.
So I bet it's probably one of those cases where like it's going to be really soon, we're
going to start hearing the MAX 3 location test, if it's not already out, but we haven't
I haven't heard anything yet.
But anyway, 2DX8 style, location testing.
To me, it sounds very much like 5-key music.
And obviously that's a big duh, because they're both B-Media, and a lot of the 5-key artists
now that B-Media the final is gone don't really have a resource, so they're going to have
to go to 2DX to put their songs in.
I think it kind of sounds a lot like the music in 6, plus core to me.
Way off topic here since you mentioned Max 3.
I heard actually that one of the songs, Crash, that's going to be on Max 3 is actually a heavy metal song, which is kind of cool.
That would be interesting. But back to 8th Style, think about it.
It's just like a lot of the Keyboard Mania 4th Mix rumored thing.
A lot of those artists were saved and brought into 6th Style, like Frozen Ray, and a bunch of other 6th Style songs that you know should have been Keyboard Mania but aren't.
Yeah, that was always kind of my thought, especially if you, uh, the one song, Deutz
de Fatima by Usama Kaboda, does not douche de Fatima, is that what you're calling it?
Is it really?
I thought it was, douche de, whatever it's called.
If it's real French, it's droits.
It's droits?
It's like, uh, droits de Fatima.
Droits de Fatima, whatever.
Whatever the hell it's called.
Y'all know what song I'm talking about by this one.
It's the one that goes, nya, nya, nya, nya, nya, nya, nya.
That song does not sound like ever a 2DX song ever, but it sounds like keyboard mania,
The reason why I think it's French, by the way, is because that's French for right.
But Fatima is Portuguese and Latin for marry.
I figure out what it is.
I figure out what it is.
It's just a bunch of languages and they butchered them all and they stuck them in one together
and fucking shit.
Cock, cunt, suck, ball.
Give me that.
What ever happened to the actual licensed songs that they were talking about for AIDS
style, like Daft Punk and that kind of stuff?
Don't know.
location test. Location tests don't usually have licensed songs in them, so we don't know.
But yeah, Team Guilo, before they went down, they were rumored to put on Aphex Twin's Girl
Boy song as one of the test songs for 8 style, and if that is true, then I would die, because
that's one of the coolest songs ever. I think they took somebody's little files for their
home version and stuck it in the arcade to test it.
How they tested the 8 style? How they got those MP3s?
I was joking.
Oh.
Yeah?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh, funny.
Anyway, whatever.
Uh, it would be interesting to see those songs turn up in the 8 style.
I don't know, the list, when I saw the list, I was like, this is a little bit too good to be true.
But if B-mini is as big as they say in Japan, maybe it's starting to get the attention of bigger A-list artists.
They need more happy hardcore.
I really have nothing to say about that.
Well, then why did you take the microphone, honestly?
Because she knew you'd take it eventually.
Dude, he's such a mic whore.
We're going to have to get him a little headset like Matt had the first two weeks.
Well, thank you for calling, Orange Lounge. May you help me?
I'll just have to put you on hold until you can learn to speak in a more professional manner.
Yes, you worked in the call center for two years.
2DX8 style, what else did I want to say about it?
It's special!
It's special! It's new!
It makes me tingle.
Down there?
Nope.
That's what the show's for.
Is it, like, golden blue? Or head and shoulders?
It makes my scalp sparkle.
How about any other songs you guys liked, for those of you that have heard all of the 8 style tracks?
Dancer's pretty fucking cool.
Cool.
Yay.
Dancer rules.
Yeah.
Because it's like something you'd expect more in like a Tar Freak Stromania, but it kind
of reminds me of Kiriyama Oka's Diamond Jealousy, which I really like.
So yeah.
Way to go.
Whoo.
Yay.
As long as we don't hit.
Meltdown.
Meltdown.
Whoo.
Just a bunch more Eurobeat.
Because, you know, I thought the sixth style was, you know, 2DX Para Para edition.
Wait.
You want this?
I don't know if I should hit the keys or, you know, start waving my hands around.
Huh?
What?
We have taunting going on.
The new Naoki song actually sounded really good.
I forget. It's the one that's got him with some other chick who's not one of the dive...
It's not Polteri.
Yeah, it sounds a lot like dive, but it's really cool.
And everybody cheers. It's not Polteri.
It's actually a really good song, surprisingly enough.
And it's what I think Before You song should sound like, even though she's not a B4...
ooh, my terrier phone's going off. Bye bye.
Uh, the song in the background, Youthful Urges, also known as Blue Impulse, that is the
Naoki- Youthful Urges, huh? For once!
He ditched Politary and went with somebody named Yuki.
Nooo!
I'm not starting the Politary debate again on this show.
As long as it's not voluntary, I'm a happy girl.
Big surprise.
What, yes?
Big surprise. All the voluntary songs are going to be on 8th style.
And you're going to have to play at least one of them for each game.
They won't let you pick anything except for one of the voluntary songs.
You know how the list changes?
The first song is like a small list and after you pick the first one, the first song is just going to be all voluntary.
Sorry, Rob.
That's too bad.
That's when I swallow the microphone hole and die.
I'm going to choke on this microphone right now.
Whatever happened, weren't they supposed to get another chick for Dive?
Like, when DDR Max came out, you know how Dive has four people, weren't they going to get a fifth person?
Whatever happened with that?
Politei killed her.
I guess somebody realized, oh, Dive...
I'm sorry, what the hell am I saying? I'm sorry, a fifth girl for Dive. I'm talking B for you,
not Dive. B for you sings Dive. B for you. They were supposed to get a fifth chick and B for you.
And that didn't happen.
all terry's sculptor were her scalp
and just like certain scene
the reason i thought that one person had left
and they got a replacement that would make it to four again right
yeah i think that's actually what happened at the end i thought that now
he would just cross-dressed
does everybody in things that he's a woman anyway
did not unsighted
now he's pretty good it is a woman
now he is a very pretty
now keep
it down to use about us and the u s is the act was what is that what they did
anything to do
as i get to know this
this in the chair of his life
there's a line here and i think what is that i mean he's got a party
a line here in the chair and this would be a great only course
mail key
not featuring polyteria
yes
that would be the best i was not a course ever
i was dark it's really a are friends i'm sorry dt you like our winter now
i got an idea about the
military course not featuring a key it'll just be her singing
no music nothing
got that we can i get a lot of how terrible she is players worst
hahahahaha
winner
many lives are actually now that's what
just you know if you go to a max to machine a lot of people don't try to
speak it both arrows will resort the list
and one of the last sorts is players' best, but they need to have a players' worst, seriously,
to play those songs that nobody ever plays.
Well, they're right next to the players' best, you know, very top-
It's like the, you know, the skanky pieces at the bottom of the septic tank.
That works on fifth mix, but if I recall right, Max and Max 2 only show the top 30. Actually,
Max will show everything. Max 2 will only show the top 30. If I recall correctly...
I don't know what I wrote, Chef, anyway.
Shut up!
Anyway, if you'd like to join us in our chat room, because we're seeing lots of people
coming into the chat room now, and you want to join the party, just go to Channel Orange
Lounge.
Hey, Mr. DJ.
Anyway, sorry, inside joke.
If you want to join the Orange Lounge party, just join Channel Orange Lounge.
There's a party in my pants.
any uh... other side i r c server it's listed on your m i r c's list of servers
uh...
bongo is demanding to hear some pollotary
bongo, shove it
i love you bongo
bongo we must marry
i will allow you to date with me
i have to go smite brad now
Ah, I swear to god.
Because Bongo demands it!
hope we just had one drop but i think they have to say it
recently
we needed a guy that but that only works last week here
speaking of which all that does make me think though t r p c
i got to play it a little more
and unlocks a new we're talking last week about hacking the characters
some new characters that are unlocked in t r p c there's a character
called brother
who's uh... uh...
He's a cross between Shaft and Jam Jam Reggae, pretty much, the whole little Reggae hat thing, and his name is Brother. He's a brother.
Brother.
And then the other unlockable characters are Ruby and Sapphire, which are pretty much, they kind of look like...
Aren't those Sailor Moon characters or something?
I'm not sure.
No.
But it looks like a...
I wonder if there's a Ruby Moon in Cardiac Resatra.
Kind of looks like a cowboy and a cowgirl. Ruby and Sapphire is kind of what they look
like. Sapphire is a boy.
It's Frankie! And then one of the other unlockable characters
is pink haired Emmy. Or, not Emmy, pink haired lady.
Lovely. She's from Second Mix or something.
I know your girl. Oh, if you're in the chatroom right now,
SoCalKicks on his lovely little site at SoCalKicks.com has some articles with pictures if you want
to go see. I know that because I gave him the picture of Brother. And Angel Zukin.
And actually speaking of SoCal Kicks, I think it's about time for me to once again repeat
the challenge.
Alright, go for it. Why not?
Both my edits can be found on his page, I hope still. If not, send an email to orangeloungelounge.com.
OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com, all one word.
And I will get you the dex files for it for my Look to the Sky edit called Free Fall.
Whoever the first person to send me proof, excuse me, Mr. SoCalKicks, that is full comboed
with at least a double A, you will get a nice, lovely GameCube pin that I actually put on
display on my webcam on DDR Freak.
And whoever can either full combo or AA another edit for DXY, you will be taken out to dinner
for me.
Or at least get a...
From me.
Dinner.
Dinner.
Dinner.
Dinner for you.
Dinner for you.
And if you're not in the area, I'll try to send you a gift certificate or something.
Also I've noticed SoCon kicks your email address that's on your site there doesn't work.
So I can't send you edits.
I want to send you edits, but I can't, so please fix.
Thank you.
He'll be kind enough to send me his email through a private message.
God damn it, Tal, you're sitting on the mic cord.
Ah, that's a shot of Tal I never wanted to see right there.
Are you OK?
Hello.
Did you hurt yourself?
I think we have an injury.
Do you need a Band-Aid?
You need some vodka?
What do you need?
I'm OK.
Alright, I'm okay.
SoCalKick, send me a private message with your email and I'll make sure Matt gets it so he can...
Because Matt has an ass-load of edits. There's really no other way to describe it. He just has an ass-load of edits.
Dude, he's got, like, JLo's leftover ass of edits.
Like, everything they took off of Ricky Lake, he's got in edits.
I just can't show.
That was funny.
Anyway...
That was wrong.
Anyway, why don't we take a break now?
Gee, break!
Uh, what did I say I was gonna play this break? Oh, I said I'd play Jack and Mark Get Busy.
Yes.
And, uh, let's do another 8-style song. Um, how about...
No, I wanna do, uh...
What'd we get for the Naoki one?
Let's do Rainbow... Oh, we wanna do the Naoki song? Why not?
Why not?
We'll get that in there and, uh, some other crap.
Yeah.
So enjoy.
Well, we take a break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we vibe, as we never
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock This is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate
As we demonstrate
Straight, straight, straight
This the sounds
This the sounds
Everybody wants some peace, so goodbye
Don't tell me that Mr. I
Don't tell me that I do the fight
Cause I, she's my, image fly
this is the way we dance, this is the way we rock
this is the way we ride as we demonstrate
Yeah!
Woo!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of
the Orange Lounge Re-Money Music and More show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, and-
That was a man who never gets laid.
And that set, by request in studio, was Jack and Mark Get Busy from Beatmania 6.
And then some more 2DX8-style stuff.
All over the internet this week, Lab and Dancer, two of the songs from 2DX8.
And the chat room, they seem to think Lab's okay.
Don't really care for Dancer, though.
They disagree with Brad and Irene in that respect.
But Brad and Irene went home, so they are not here to defend themselves.
So I guess the chat room wins that one.
So I can say this, Politary Sucks!
I hate her!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Also, we're kind of by ourselves now.
We've got Bradley in here, but he's eating food, so he's not going to be saying anything,
but they all ran outside to go get pizza, so it's okay.
Yay for pizza.
Thank you.
Yay for pizza.
It smells good.
Yes.
And this Yay for Pizza was brought to you by Propel Water, put out by Gatorade.
And I was going to let Matt give a sim update, but he left to go get pizza, so now I'm stuck
with nothing.
We'll have to tell potty jokes.
We'll give the sim update, you know, you can, the best way to kill sims is to put them in
a pool and remove the ladder.
I'm being sent files, I don't know if this is a good thing or not, we'll find out here.
You can also teach sims how to barbecue, and then if you give them a low personality rating,
when they set themselves on fire, nobody will come to help them.
I would love to know what SoCalKick sent me this file for.
It's a picture of his cable provider or something.
Are they exploding?
No, not yet.
This is his picture.
Look at...
Geez.
I don't know.
Anyway.
It's a thingy.
You want to give any more shout outs to any of your friends that are listening?
Um...
New Orange Lounge Radio Converts.
I see some new faces in the chat room tonight.
Very cool.
have a look. Hi people! Hello people in the chat room! You're so cute! I just want to
eat them all up! There's some fava beans and a fine chianti. There's some fanboys who might
take you up on that. Tell us about your trip you're going to be taking soon, if you can.
You can tell us about your trip, can't you? Basically, a whole bunch of us from DDR Freak
are going to be in Vegas the weekend after so if you see you know a short
girl wearing glasses come out of the Star Trek experience all fucked up that
is the best place to get drunk in Vegas by the way you'll know who had you know
you're a geek when that was you know sad but true that was the first place I ever
got really fucked up was at the Star Trek experience on a warp core breach
which for those who don't know for those that don't know seven different kinds of
Bacardi, Sobe, and Razzmatazz, all mixed in a fish bowl.
And some really freakin' good juices mixed in with it, too.
And dry ice.
So Jamie will not, unfortunately, be with us in a couple weeks, but we will somehow
survive and the show will go on.
Who knows, maybe I'll be the one.
Matt's been dying to co-host a show, and I think he's been here every week since week
one.
Why not?
We'll let Matt co-host a show for once.
Oh, speak, oh, Matt's back!
Hey, Matt, wanna give us a Sim update?
Are you too busy?
Swallow that, swallow!
Anyways, as of today, there's a new DWI that just came out. I believe it's 2.01.
Supposedly fixed some stuff. One thing they added is percentages on the score screen.
So if you hit the upper left button, I believe it should put up percentages.
and very happy for me as they doubled the capacity that the Sim can handle.
So before it used to handle 1,024 songs, which I was getting kind of close there,
now it can hold 2,048.
And for those that don't believe him, I will vouch for this.
His Sim has so many freaking songs in it, it was damn near pushing that number, yes.
So that's pretty much what's going on there.
Another thing that's pretty cool is DDR Maniacs, I think I might have mentioned it last week, is doing the user submitted files now, and one of the files that they have on there is Ooh La La from Dancing Stage 1-5, the beta I believe, and it was one of the original songs that was going to be on Dancing Stage Euromix that was actually going to have three arrows at one time on there, or four, I can't remember, I haven't played it yet, but that was actually going to be one of the songs that was supposed to be on DDR a long time ago.
What happened? It just didn't make it in DDR?
It just didn't make it. There was three songs that got cut.
I believe there was one by Run DMC also. They all got cut.
Interesting.
And Team Gwylo is still down. Very sad.
And that also means that DDR PC Central is also down for the melting pot.
A moment of silence please. Thank you.
And also, Trini Mix 2 on DDR East Coast Invasion.
You'll probably start seeing the files pretty soon because they said they're releasing them on the 15th, so probably this week.
Cool! Well, the 15th is this week, so that would make sense.
Alright, that's it.
Thank you for that lovely update on the sim scene.
Back to potty jokes. Poop! Anyway...
Oh, ass!
Somebody suggested a good idea in the chat room that maybe you want to beg and plead anybody that might be coming through Sacramento
I know that's going to the big tournament in Concord this weekend. You know about your situation
Well, if anybody can give me a ride to Concord. Hey, I'll pay for a gas lunch
Hey, hey, so if you you don't think you're capable of getting that look to the sky at it done
You don't think you're ever gonna combo that
You know
The another edits gonna have a nice
Yes, the another edit if you don't think you're gonna be able to full combo the another edit anytime soon
Come get Jamie and take her to Concord cuz she needs it. She's arrived
The big tournament in Concord will give a shout-out to this because Stark sounds our buddy and
He's doing a little tourney putting together one on Saturday in Concord
dollar Mendy's summer vacation, I believe it's called and
It's sure to be exciting. It's going to be the very first
one broadcast over the internet they're going to have a little streaming thing
going on there. If I recall the page correctly it's tunac.floop.net. I am
not sure that's probably it that sounds like it to me. But you can also there on
the tournament's discussion thread I'm sorry not thread before I'm on DDR
Freak there is a link to the page and some feedback on what's going on. Cool.
It has the best freestyle category ever, waste of two minutes of my life and I want it back.
That would be the one I would enter, if I were to enter freestyle.
I'm taking the bat to bang people over the head with.
I am unable to make the tournament, I'm still looking at my options for possibly joining the tournament in the evening, but I know for one I won't be able to make it in the morning.
morning.
So we'll see.
However, I can say that Orange Lounge Radio is going to be covering the tournament.
We might be involved on another level, but I don't know yet.
We're still dotting our I's and crossing our T's on that.
We don't know yet.
Again, Jamie needs a ride to Concord.
But pay close attention to the station, pay close attention to our website the next few
days.
You may find some interesting news, but I don't know yet.
We'll see.
We have to have our people call their people and all that stuff.
But we know for sure we'll at least be covering it, because Jamie is going to be going to
the tournament, assuming she gets a ride.
And doing some interviews.
I'll get there one way or another.
She'll be doing her woman on the street interviews.
I'm sorry?
We'll have Bradley do interviews.
We should have Bradley do interviews.
I think my idea for Bradley, because Bradley kind of gets the rep on the show for not talking
much.
I think I would like Bradley to do the interviews at Golf Land with the people who just look
really scary and don't do anything with the money
i'd love to
get a microphone a probably make an interview those people i'll be fun
what you think bradley
no comment
fair enough not have something was sick
f after it
i've been doing here but anyways
slalom as well
uh...
okay
i got it
anyways uh... or
do not
jamie
I hate to do this to myself since I've pushed it back 3 weeks now, damn Q's are a trip, I may be able to give you a ride down the concrete.
I'll go ahead and do that, maybe push it back another week or so or just stick with this, or stick with this the 7th and we'll go then and I'll just give you a ride down there.
You officially get the My Hero of the Year award?
This one's for Matt, this one's for Matt.
here you go
okay we're going to take another really quick break because i'm
selfish and i have to pee
so we take a break when i have to be unless you want to go on before we let
unless you want it
do unless i can just get up and go and i think all right
all right fine you did this
the jamie show now have fun
i have both of the mics in my head haha
i'm really give the the microphone to the microphone
Yeah, that would probably make some weird echo if you're talking in both mics at once, wouldn't it?
But, um...
Someone wants to get fucked.
Who wants to get fucked?
I don't know, who wants to get fucked?
Uh, who is he talking about?
Sukkah Kicks, dude, who are you talking, who wants to get fucked?
I don't know, come on.
He just says yes.
You want to get fucked?
Yay! He wants to get some!
Hahahaha!
No.
um you know what i think actually at this point you know perhaps uh it might be in our best
interest to uh take a break go to break but in the meantime why don't you uh give your big money
experience of the week my big money experience i passed a cata damn it yes i did finally it's a
real one it's actual it's not like burning the floor which is like a fake cata you know
this one's actually cockamay fake cata burning the floor is a seven it just jumped up to cata
you know it's not a cata we know it's not a cata but damn it kakume shouldn't
be a cata but it is a cata all right well we're going to break right now even
though Rob is now finished peeing. Too bad it's my turn and we're going to break I think
executive decision is coming to play we'll be back after these this song or so
what is it what are we going to make is brought to you by propel water fitness
sweater from Gatorade. And uh, I guess... Yeah, whatever.
And I just want you back
Let's
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be a chef inside Hollywood?
No!
Do we show up people's finger bush?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bimani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
I say we let him go. No!
Welcome back. We're still here.
Hi, I'm back.
We've got PB.
My bladder is empty, thank you.
Thank you for taking over the show there.
Now I know I can take a week off and leave the show in good hands.
We'll just have to keep him here.
Ooh, we've got some fans in the chatroom who are sick of our old promos, who are threatening to make new ones.
make new ones, go for it.
We'd love to hear some fan-made promos.
I think that would be funny.
I just question, you know, if you're a fan of the show,
let's get your voice on the station somehow.
It's everybody's show.
We want everybody to be a part of this show.
We don't have the call-in capabilities yet.
That's something we're-
There's a party on our show and everyone's coming.
That's something we're looking for for the future
is hopefully we can get some phone calls into the show.
But unfortunately that takes a kind of complex process
to get happening, which includes giving out
my phone number over the air, which I'm not quite ready for.
and uh... eight hundred numbers somewhat of an investment so if we did have phone
set up only people who already know me and my number would be able to call
so uh...
i don't know how that would go
but if you want to make a promo for our show just email us at orange lounge
radio at yahoo dot com and we'll tell you what we need
you want to say anything for the show if there's a song you want to hear in our
bamani music amore program which plays
all the freaking time on the station when we're not here
just email us at orange lounge radio and yahoo.com
Gentle stress.
We have gentle stress in our playlist.
Okay, uh, the original version of gentle stress.
From 2DX or...
Yes, that's in our playlist.
Okay, then the AMV sexual mix of gentle stress.
Give the mic back to Jamie now, please.
Wrong!
You win absolutely nothing!
Uh,
good suggestion from the chat room, would an AOL instant messenger talk work?
I think actually it would,
but not very well, so I'm
not sure if I want to try that just yet. You might want to test it out with Yahoo Chat
because you can't have multiple people. Sometimes we do tests late at night when you guys aren't
expecting it and will go live suddenly. Pretty soon Jamie is going to be doing her own just
spur of the moment live shows. Yep, I've been planning on playing non-stops in J-Rock.
I was going to say that Tech TV uses some sort of program for webcasting or something
or something like that, you might check in and see if you use the same program to see what they use.
You know, we need to get this show on television, what do you guys think?
Yeah.
Let's write those people at that new...
What's that new station, G4 or whatever, all about video game talk?
Maybe.
Do you think Konami would ever let us do this show on there, though?
I have no idea if Konami even knows we exist.
I would doubt it.
But I would think, though, that if we did maybe something about all music games,
Which we pretty much do anyway. We talk about all sorts of music games on the show.
We're all-encompassing.
It just happens to be Bomanias Game Radio.
When was the last time you talked about Pump It Up?
Well, let's talk about Pump It Up right now!
They have it at the Folsom Game Room.
What? Not at the Folsom Game Room, why did I say that?
I'm thinking of, you know, out in the boonies. I'm thinking that...
Are there any Pump It Up in Sacramento? There's Florin Mall.
Really? Where the hell is Florin? In the Tilt.
In the Ghetto Cave. Yay.
Lauren Mall is in the gah-heh-heh-toe.
I was just there yesterday to get my boombah.
Now, see, Pump It Up is a cool game that doesn't get much respect from people because it sucks.
And does it suck?
Well, I mean, it hurts to play. You have to pound those damn keys.
Not really.
Okay, every Pump It Up machine I've played, you've had to pound all the keys.
Especially with their gimpy freeze arrows and
that whole
five-arrow pack.
You know, it's almost like The Simpsons and Springfield and Shelbyville, you know, everything
that Pump It Up is is like utterly foreign and raw in every way, shape, and form.
Everything you know is wrong.
I don't know.
I like it.
I like to play it occasionally.
It's cool.
It's a nice little sideshow, but I just- It has the booty song.
It does have some cool booty songs, which- It has Run To You.
We do have some Pump It Up songs in our rotation.
Maybe we should play that in our next play.
we will. However, I don't know, I just can't get as obsessive with it as I do with DDR.
I couldn't sit here for two hours and talk about, well of course we're having a hard
time as it is sitting here for two hours talking about DDR, but Pump It Up, I don't know, it's
just, it's not the same. It's not the same. Well what if they like got rid of like say,
I don't know, the sumo and put in a Pump It Up machine? I would play it. It's like, to
me it's like Guitar Freaks. I'm never gonna be that good at it and I'm not gonna play
it a whole hell of a lot, but it's fun to do once in a while.
Just don't leave it next to the Para Para machine.
Oh, that would suck.
But now, having a pump it up machine would be a good idea at RBGL, mainly because it's
good to have change.
That's why I sat down and learned to play drum mania, that's why I learned to play keyboard
mania, because it sucks to sit there and freaking wait ten years for your turn at DDR Max, because
no one in their right mind is going to play USA, I mean, let's be real here.
But playing pump it up is at least, that's why I like San Jose Golf Light, I can go play
I can go play Max, play Soulcalibur 2, and go back and forth between the three, right?
Well, you know what my secret hope was for the longest time?
Is that they would take the neat cabinet with the widescreen monitor like Pump It Up has,
and do a DDR with that kind of setup.
Or like the HD monitors like 2DX has, and have something look good.
Although it'd burn out and no one would ever want to replace it.
One other game they were bringing up in the chat room a lot here is Techno Motion, which
I don't know much about, but apparently there is one up the road a little ways in Nevada.
I believe it's an eight or nine panel DDR.
Nine panel DDR?
That's got to be interesting, but I hear the song selection really, really, really, really
sucks.
At least Pump has some cool songs in it, but yes, ma'am.
Vape of Enviroz.
I think actually they have a website you can check out.
In the game, I believe you can switch between 4, 5, or 8-panel. Unfortunately, there's no 9-panel, but you can play that, and I think they've got some A-list stuff, like, well, one-hit-wonder stuff, like, you know, Mambo No. 5 and, I think, Levita Loco and that kind of crap.
Okay, just to intervene, though, Mambo No. 5 on Mambo O Go Go fuckin' rules.
By the way, Rob, I was reading my EGM yesterday, and I saw something that I know you're going to love this, dude.
You remember that tambourine game you played at AI, Shikoto Tambourine? It's coming to home version.
That tambourine thing is, by far and wide, the gayest game I have ever played in my life, is that tambourine game.
Which is why I immediately thought of you when I saw it.
Stevie Nicks impersonation. That is all I could do when I'm playing that game, when I'm just like, you know, like,
And that doesn't date Rob.
I'm not that old, dammit.
I'm old compared to you, well, not you, but you as in the chatroom people.
But Jamie and I are the elders of the Zagbomani group, I know.
Bite your tongue.
Oh yeah, that's right, Bradley's...
We're like the...
He's grandpa!
We're like the dead parents or something, I don't know.
Isn't that what you had in Cub Scouts, was the dead mother and the dead mother?
We would have gotten away for it too if it wasn't for those pesky kids!
I don't know if I want to compare this group to Cub Scouts, but anyway.
We're not like the Cub Scouts, we're more like the Ratatouille Scouts.
But seriously, Chocoto Tambourine has got to be Robin Wright.
It is freaking fruity as hell. You have to pose for that goddamn thing.
Yeah, same for Samba de Amigo.
But Samba's kind of cool.
You have to do the crotch pose when they're both down.
You can do some manly poses with sambas, you know, like, if you could be...
There's no way to look manly when you're playing samba to go...
Well, how about those mariachi guys? They've got little maracas, and they look...
They're manly, they're studly, but...
They're eunuchs.
The tambourine, I'm sorry, it's gay. It's really, really gay.
I mean, the maracas, at least, you can kind of swing around in it and be aggressive.
You cannot be aggressive with a goddamn tambourine.
You're sitting there going, oh yeah, shake it, baby.
My favorite part is when it shows you, like, the little pattern,
and you have to shake it in a U-pattern, like around.
It's like, ooh, we're going around the world with a tambourine.
They're making it for the home, though, don't you think?
No, it actually, I believe it comes out this month for PlayStation 2.
There's already a tambourine game called Tam Tam Paradise.
Yeah, but this is the actual one, though, that AI, it's Shakoto.
It's coming, and I believe it comes with a tambourine thing,
and you actually do have to shake it in that weird fuck-up pattern,
and it's a really retarded-looking game, honest to God.
It's funny, you know what though, it does have a little bit of connection to Bamani
because one of my favorite Bamani songs, My Sweet Darlin' for Max is in that Tambourine
game.
I know because that was the only song I played because I failed it!
Yay!
You want to know what game pisses me off though?
Actually you know, I don't ever recall hearing a Tambourine playing in the background of
my studio.
You're done.
As you know what game really pisses me off is Kraken DJ.
Oh?
one chance I actually sat down to play crack well I more like stood up to play
crackin DJ with last November at AI and I absolutely failed it but I saw this
guy at anime Expo I go in I'm still in costume like in these sports platforms
for my Mad Hatter costume and there was this guy doing like all this expert
stuff on on the crackin DJ and my god I was more impressed with that than I am
at most 2DX players, because that just takes speed there, just to scratch like that and
hit the little trigger in the center, that was freaking awesome.
Crackin' DJ is a very cool game, I've played it and I enjoy it a lot.
There's not very many stages, I was kind of hoping they do a Crackin' DJ part 2, but...
There's one.
Is there?
That was the one that was at AX, if I recall correctly.
My bad, I stand corrected.
Another Bamani, not Bamani games, but they're like Bamani, that they're talking about in
the chat room.
The grandpa, possibly, of Bamani games, Parappa the Rappa.
Kick punch, it's all in the rhyme.
Awesome.
That was really the first music game I ever played.
My guitar is in my mind!
Okay, Parappa was the most brilliant game ever.
On Jammer Lammy, the game was freaking awesome, but for god's sake, she had the worst damn
lines.
I'm sorry, the baby stage ruled, and actually the baby stage used to be in...
I'm so excited I threw my pen.
The baby stage used to be in Rotation Orange Lounge, I think we took it out recently though.
We try not to let that stuff go to death, but we do have a Parappa stage in Rotation.
We're going to have some Parappa 2 music coming very soon.
Now the cool part of Aja Amorlami was when you got to play through the stages with Parappa,
and you got to sit and listen to the remixes of the various songs, but I don't think Parappa
I
left for a little while there.
That was plenty of time for you, don't you think?
Anyway.
Another one of my personal favorite music games.
Vibriven.
Naruhodou!
I love Vibriven. It's so cool.
I don't know what else to say.
Vibriven is just the bomb.
We're going to play that during the next break.
We'll play a song from Vibriven for you.
You want to play it a little bit right now?
We'll let you get turned up a little.
Yes, I have Vibriven.
Okay, now continue.
Oh, I don't know, I was done. Vibrobin's just cool, that's all.
I'm sorry, the little rabbit is on crack.
If you want to have fun, you play Vibrobin to a non-stop.
That's insane.
I sat down and I turned a non-stop into one track, right?
I burned it onto a CD, and I played Vibrobin to, I think, the max non-stop.
It's the hardest goddamn thing I think I've ever done.
The announcer just screws up the game every time he talks.
Because a spike comes up, or one of those weird loops comes up.
loops comes up, and I'm sure you've played VibRibbon every time a bass beat comes, a
different obstacle shows up and stuff, and you have to hit buttons corresponding. Now
the Max soundtracks have multiple layers to their song, so multiple layers show up on
a VibRibbon game, and so you've got like, playing Max 300 is just ass. It's absolutely
horrible. Since your hosts seem to be busy, I'm just going to keep talking here for a
second.
No, bad idea.
Well, you know, one thing that surprised me on VibRibbon when we put in, this was before
Max 2, we put in Max 300, and we thought it was going to be evil, but so deep was worse.
So deep was evil on Viv ribbon.
You know, there's a bunch of other music games, there's Samba de Amigo, what other game can
you play the Burning Rangers theme song to, or the Oppa Oppa song from Fantasy Zone?
That was awesome.
I know that Samba de Amigo is sitting in the next room over, but I have yet to ever even see that game.
We will do a Samba Fest after the show, but I do have to throw everyone out pretty soon after the show because I have to drive over to the bay tonight.
And then there's of course the greatest game ever, Rez, which is just amazing techno music with a really gimpy shooter attached to it.
And, I don't know, Frequency, I heard that was a music game. I've never actually played that one.
Frequency is very cool. I've played Frequency. It's cool.
I didn't really get it because nobody really taught it to me, but the parts, I was able to get through it like a stage. It's pretty cool. I like it.
Space Channel 5 Part 2 is a very nice sequel.
Space Channel 5 is awesome. I love Space Channel 5.
2 just takes everything that the first game went there with and then shoots past it by
a few miles. Pudding! I love pudding. Pudding is the best thing. You know, not many people
like Puyo Da. I love Puyo Da. It was basically the Puyo Puyo dancing game. Which we talked
about earlier in the show, yes? People don't like the music in it, but I absolutely love
Some of it's very cool, I remember, yeah.
It's cheesy fun.
Hmm.
Any other Bomani, or any other not Bomani games we can think of?
Yes.
There's a pretty fun one on Saturn that's called, that's a basically a proper clone
called Jung Rhythm.
I saw it, there was a post on it on DDR Free, I wanted to respond to it but never got to.
It's a fun, it's like proper, basically it's a proper clone, you follow along, your teacher
tells you something and then you follow along.
It has really good music too.
I wish I could find an album of it because the last, the sixth stage song is really awesome.
I want to find a perfect version because it's a really good song.
I wonder if it's on the internet somewhere.
That's not the game that's all audio, is it?
There was a Saturn game that I saw in San Francisco that has absolutely no graphics.
It's all audio.
It's like the real sound game, something like that.
I think that's it.
And you get seeds with it.
Now how about the criss-cross make your own video?
I know a place where you can get that in town.
No, I was looking at SeanBaby today because I was quite possibly bored out of my mind,
and he was describing the criss-cross make your own video thing, and it seems like the
most retarded game ever known to man.
I mean, honest to god, that thing looks awful.
I got to play for a little, little bit once the C&C Music Factory make your own music
video game.
Oh god.
I would love to be able to play that again. Just just like, you know, ten years later. It'll be awesome to play that
God dude, I can't even remember them. They're so
That's only 1994. Can you forget CNC music?
I actually did rent the sheist girls game
Shiza
The Spice Girls game.
Oh, oh, yes. Sorry, yes.
I have that- Dude, I have Spice World in the other room.
Don't get me started.
Anyway, the game though-
Shut up!
The game was very, very much ass.
Um, you know, I never played the MTV music generator games,
although I heard that they were pretty neat.
Yeah, they were. I got the computer one.
Now, if we want to talk about ass, we'll talk about Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's Magical Mall.
Anyway, that's not a music game.
But the king of the top of those, though, will always be the Bust a Move series.
And I'm not naming Puzzle Bobble. I mean Bust a Move.
That's one of Jamie's pet peeves. You're not allowed to refer to it as Bust a Groove.
Funny, I like Bust a Groove quite a bit.
You die. You die.
It's actually better than Japanese ones, in my opinion.
Ow.
Now, this is interesting. You play Spice World, but deny Britney?
There's a difference between playing cheesy and then just looking at a slut.
There's a difference between five sluts and one slut, okay?
No, I'm sorry. Four sluts and no C.
You mean they're not drag queens? I'm not so sure about Ginger, but hey.
No, she said it herself. She didn't want to be with the group because she didn't want to look like a drag queen.
And now she can be found. It's raining men
and Max too.
I guess we're going to take another quick break and then we're going to come back and wrap up the show.
So in this break I'm going to play a couple songs from games that we've been referencing.
We'll start it off with a song from Pump It Up, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
out.
Be found, be found, found, found, found
That's right! I'm in the house! Here it comes!
Extra extra, we don't know about it
The best burgers in town from all around
From around the world, come and get it
The line goes around like a merry-go-round
Cut!
As a only
Cut!
You gotta, you gotta
Heat!
Round
You gotta heat
Very nicely
And don't
Uh-huh
Mmm
You gotta, you gotta
You gotta, you gotta
Oof
You know
Ha ha
I'm good now
Come on
Cut!
Mmm
Cut!
Very nice
You gotta heat
Heat
You gotta, you gotta
Don't
Ha ha, yes
House! Very nice!
And a hook!
Yes, right!
Bugger, surprise, and shake over a friend
If you'll efficiently line up at the end
Come on, people, gather on
We've got everything you want from all around
Hot fella diss
Hot fella diss
You've got to
Eat the grill!
Eat the grill!
Toot!
Toot the buns!
My buns are very close to fun
Eat up and cook the bodies.
Cook the bodies.
Fill the drinks.
Serve the drinks.
And mince the cheese.
Mince the cheese.
Tastes the fries.
French fries.
Whisk the floor.
Sweep the floor.
The ketchup, the mustard, the salt and the pepper.
Oh, it's all right, guys, we got no extra You watch the grill, control the thing, guys
Follow the rules, be productive and nice And cook those burgers
Cook those burgers
Mmm, turn the patty over
Turn the patty over
Come on and watch them fries
I'm not spitting
Watch them fries
Better execute the nut
Better execute the nut
Bring on the ketchup
Bring on the ketchup
Don't forget the cheese
Yeah, yeah, now that's what I'm talking about! Now go serve those burgers right now!
Alright! I'm off to a good start!
Yo! The beats are strong Yo! The beats are strong, but the night is long
Stop now, stop now
Stop, stop, stop cause he needs to be
Stop I need
Stop now, stop now
Stop, stop, stop cause he needs to be
Stop, stop, stop for he needs to be
Yo the beat is strong
Yo the beat is strong
Yo, the beats are strong, but the night is long
Yo, the beats are strong, yo, the beats are strong, but the night is long
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute my girlfriend Mel B can join us on all the fun together
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Yes, thank you Mel B. Who is-
Give me a dollar.
Mel B was here in the house a couple weeks ago.
It was a good show.
And Melody was here too.
Melody was here too, and hopefully they're going to be back.
We don't know when, but-
Hope so.
Hopefully soon.
In that set, a lot of people in the chat room going, what was that, what was that, what
was that?
Although I was being a tease and I didn't say anything because I wanted to tell you
right now.
We heard first off from Pump It Up, we heard DJ Doc with Run To You and then we heard the
first stage I believe in Parappa the Rappa Part 2 and that was Toasty Buns.
And it's very hot in California today.
You know, cook those burgers, don't forget the teas.
And then what did we hear last there, Jamie?
The very last one was from Vibribin. It's one of the original tracks that was on Vibribin.
I'm not sure if I actually have the file labeled right now.
It is called Laughin' Beats. So I don't know if that was the first or second stage or what,
but whatever.
It's one of the original tracks from Vibribin.
Very cool. And a lot of people in the chat room going, oh, that would be a very interesting
song in DDR. There'd be a lot of BPM changes they could take use of.
Tempo changer out the ass.
Vicky sat here and did a Viv ribbon song on his sim, and it's got some absolutely ridiculous freaking tempo changes in there.
I'd like to correct Tal there. I did not do that song. I believe, I can't even remember who did it, it was back, it was a BMS file somewhere, and the same people did another Viv ribbon song. I believe it was, I don't even remember what it's called now, Love in Peace or something like that.
Anyways, and the same people did this other song.
I can't remember what it was.
It was really awesome, though.
I think they also did, what was it,
Ooh Ah, Just a Little Bit, whatever that song is.
Yeah, so it wasn't me.
I don't really make that many songs.
But yeah, still, though, this thing sped up,
slowed down, and it does that in the game, too.
It really, really fucks with you.
I mean, the game will speed up and slow down.
I mean, it'll go with the song,
But it'll still, you're not expecting it, and you guys need to play this game, it's so good.
I can't wait until Mojave Ribbon comes out.
It's actually been re-released, like, for, the first one, though, has been re-released, I think, through PlayStation The Best, hasn't it?
Yes. To my knowledge, yes.
Although, I have a nicer original copy.
Yeah, I have an original copy, too.
Because piracy is bad.
Well, the original, though, is in the best case.
That, too.
It's backwards.
but it's not that piracy was bad so much as if we couldn't figure out for the life of how to copy the damn game
and so it only cost I believe 15 bucks off of NCSX
so I went and bought it like that night. Actually all you gotta do is you load it up and you're all
anyway
You got it for 15 from NCSX?
It must have dropped the price. When I bought mine, I bought mine for 40.
Wow. Yeah. I think it's 30 right now. It wasn't 15, I got it for 30 bucks, I'm sorry. Liar.
I paid $40 for mine.
A couple other topics before we close out the show
really fast, uh...
Another road trip to Lodi.
Road trip to Lodi. We're thinking about taking the show on the road at some point.
We're thinking we might do the Walmart and Lodi as a solo 2K machine.
How would you like to hear Orange Lounge from Walmart, huh?
That sounds like fun, but I'll be too busy using my mutant power on the crane machine.
Oh, God. Don't get Jamie near a crane machine. How many animals did I walk out of there with, what,
nine?
That was a really scary day, dude.
She tucked the damn machine and six more stuffed animals come out of it.
And we all got our cute little Pokemon keychain thingy that's got mine.
And like, but that solo machine in the ghettoest goddamn location in the world.
All these weird scary white people are looking at me all funny.
And we're sitting here trying to play our booty songs and do our mad three foot skills with the,
what was it, the two diagonals on the bottom one.
Trying to play their eight footers.
It's like, oh look, there's an upper left over there, yay!
I took a nap in the Daytona machine.
So yeah, we might take this road on the show in the future. Something they were talking about in the chat room earlier,
I'm not sure if we've touched on this subject in an earlier show. I seem to recall
we might have discussed it, but favorite drink when playing Bahmani games? Have we talked about this?
Pocari Sweat. Oh yeah, we did do this a couple weeks ago. Although there are
some new drinks out. This Pepsi Blue, what do you think of that? Has anybody had Pepsi Blue?
I have something like five or six bottles of Pepsi Blue in my fridge.
stuff is really really good but you can't really drink it like you can't
pound down a six-pack of it because you'll like die of diabetes or something
it looks like Windex but and it kind of tastes like no it tastes like strawberry
soda and cotton candy I think is the only way I can describe Pepsi Blue it's
kind of a hybrid of the two of those. I thought the fun of cotton candy was having it be
dissolving and fluffy. Well the thing is I like blueberry flavored sodas I mean I've
always been big on the blueberry chip the blueberry soda strawberry soda
But I was hoping they would bring back something like Crystal Pepsi. Pepsi blew the bit too saccharine.
Crystal Pepsi was the shit.
I agree.
I remember marching in Mardi Gras in Mobile.
Okay, everybody, I'm from the town that Mardi Gras originated in.
How many beads did you win that night?
Oh, God.
Since we can just give them to us after the parade, but I digress.
they had they had pulled out cases of crystal pepsi is that they don't make
this anymore they gave it to us for free drink it up
yeah i sure was crystal pepsi or was it crystal pepsi and vodka?
they never know it
no it was crystal meth
that's how they got us to go
uh... here's an interesting description of pepsi blue i like this one
looks like windex tastes like you're sucking on chlorox wipes
now i take issue with that comment i mean
Oh my god, Jamie's hawking off over here.
But no, I take issue with that comment.
I mean, it's a good soda.
It's just too sweet.
Drink one a day or something maybe at most.
But I like to do it.
I mix it with my Indian green soda
so it looks like this cool blue-green stuff,
and it tastes really sweet.
But the ultra-saccharine nature of Pepsi Blue
is a bit cut down a bit, and it tastes a whole lot better.
What about the people who are addicted to Ghetto Kool-Aid?
Do you think they'll have a problem with it?
No.
Because it does kind of taste like Ghetto Kool-Aid.
Pepsi Blues kind of carbonated ghetto Kool-Aid. Although I will say though, out of all the
new drinks out on the market, the winner is Vanilla Coke.
Vanilla Coke. I utterly disagree, but that's because I've
just never liked Vanilla Coke. You're just an ass, so I'm just kidding.
We love Todd. I can't believe that SoCalCake hasn't heard
of Pepsi Crystal. Where the hell have you been for the past ten years, bro?
Crystal Pepsi was on edge. Crystal? When was Crystal Pepsi's out?
That's it. I'm probably not going to use it, but I'm
I'm making a banner with a crystal Pepsi can on it.
Crystal Pepsi era of growth was from something like 1993 up until about 1995 before it died.
We have a follow-up comment.
Hey, are you dissing Clorox wipes?
Have you even tried sucking on them?
Creamy Clorox goodness.
I've never heard Clorox described as creamy.
It gets your guts clean.
Your poo will smell lemon fresh.
No, we are not having any mint scattles reference.
But now we have, like, lemon scattles.
Feel the mint. Taste does rainbow.
Now, Coke, too, on the other hand, was the biggest pile of ass ever.
They still sell that in Britain.
New Coke is huge in Britain.
But then again, in Britain, you can also go into Burger King and buy a bean burger, okay?
So, they have no fucking taste.
Wasn't that just a tofu burger?
No, this is a burger. It's got, like, you take fucking Taco Bell beans or something,
and you lump it in between two buns with cheese and lettuce and all that shit.
It's called a bean burger. It's a vegetarian thing.
Now, being the token vegetarian, I went and had one at the airport.
And, oh my god, I was crying for a goddamn tofu burger.
And I hate tofu.
They're so crazy.
What will they think of that?
One other quick, quick topic we want to talk about.
How are they going to...
Now, this is a rumor that we've got the PS2 broadband thing coming soon, the adapter.
It's going to let us all get online with our PS2s.
making some kind of music game, but they haven't said much more. We know Frequencies!
That's Marshall Beat!
We know that Frequencies is online, but we also know that VIBRIBIN-SQL-EMOJIBRIBIN is online,
which is really cool in that you take text files, run it through, and the little rabbit turns it into a
custom-made wrap. It's like we used to do with our old voice reader things back in the old days of Windows 3.1 and shit,
where you'd have the weird, funky voice reader little text message.
I am that computer oh you mean I'm going to say
book book you exactly
the things were horrible you look like shite
and there was there was there was there was the DOS program that was
I'm this is my favorite one I was I think in eighth grade
you the psychologist doctor said
you say I hate you and wish that you would die he'd be like why do you feel
that way
That program was the most retarded program, it was so much fun to fuck with, I think it's
only a DOS based program though.
It was a Soundbuster or Soundbuster Pro program, I still think I have the discs for that.
That would be winner.
Ah, our lovely researcher Chabberwocky found that Crystal Pepsi was born in test markets
on April 13, 1992, and it went national in 1993, with a campaign featuring Van Halen's
right now.
I remember that one.
Yes, I do.
Because I remember the parody commercial they did on Saturday Night Live for Crystal Gravy.
I don't know if any of you ever saw that.
I do have a memory of that.
Crystal Gravy was so funny.
Anyway, I guess you had to be there.
That was back in the high period of Saturday Night Live, 1993 to 1994.
when I was like 12 or something. Dude, I drank a gallon of Crystal Pepsi a day during school
years that day.
That explains a lot.
I started my senior year of high school in 93. Don't make me feel bad.
We'll talk more about online games and all that stuff next week. Maybe we'll know more.
93? I was in freaking seventh grade.
I graduated in 94.
No, sixth or seventh grade is when I got into 93. Damn, you're old.
Bite my ass.
And on that note, I think we're going to end the show. Any final notes other than fuck
What? Yes. Yes, but fuck you next week.
Start my, where's my music? Oh, hold on.
We've got to find your music. We've played a lot of music tonight in the middle of the show.
I've got to find your music. Here we go, I got it.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, and fuck you.
Well put, thank you. Alright, we're ending the show now.
Any final thoughts from the lovely Miss Doc Sekuro?
I'm a mic whore.
You are!
Yes you are.
And a towel!
Anything you'd like to say, Matt?
No?
Alright.
Bradley?
Nope.
Nope it is!
On behalf of everybody here in the studio tonight, thank you guys, goodnight, whatever.
Listen to our Bamani Music and More program because we want to whore up our ratings and
that's the best way to do it is when we have listeners, so listen to us all the time.
When you're sleeping, just leave it on and let the music fill your dreams.
Oh god, I feel sorry.
You'll be dreaming about everything from dancing pom-pokalyn to petite love and fear factories
there.
Alright.
The end.
Good night.
Goodbye.
And next week, we'll have our kutimu impression.
Oh, let go of it!
Shut up, Shima.
Microphone whore.
Goodbye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Well, son, a funny thing about regret is that it's better to regret something you have done
than to regret something you haven't done.
By the way, if you see your mom this weekend, be sure and tell her, Satan!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
