You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances of the F-word, which is not safe for children.
One, two, one, two, three, four, three, two, one.
God damn you, stop calling here! Isn't this 4215 pussy wave? You bitch!
Bitch!
Now let me check that this goes 2-1-2, fuck you!
You have no morals, darling.
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun in the scorching case of her case.
Kiss my grass, mooch.
Mecha lecha hai, mecha hiney hoe.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Ugh!
Fucker, yeah?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame!
I'm as fine as my face.
Breathing.
Breathless.
Heaving.
Breath.
Heaving.
Whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouths shut while I go listen to my Britney Spears records.
I am your singing hologram.
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth,
Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned in to the Bamani scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things B.E. Mani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
i think the money because i get criticized i don't think the body like
the announcer did
i'll get criticized i don't think the money
as i said joining me so it's the lovely jamie summers also known as dark sacra
i tell one thing i read it the past eight
how you doing today
imaginable here why very soon
this is episode number nine four
August 18th of 2002, and I know we've probably got a lot of new listeners tonight tuning
in for the coverage of the Dollar Mandy Tournament, and I'm pleased to announce we do have all
the interviews ready to broadcast for you all tonight, so we are going to bring you
some exclusive audio coverage and interviews of the tournament of the summer, do you think?
The tournament of the summer, Jayna?
It's probably the best fun one I've been to all summer, although I've missed some of the
past few wins, but it was really just a fun experience overall.
of the tournament
uh... courses always report joined by many many in studio friends actually
fewer than usual tonight we still got
some good guess here tonight we've got a
we have bradley
and that also notice what do you
you have a mystery yet have you
very proud of you if you get a gold star for attendance
We'll be talking to everybody else a little bit more later, but first we're going to take a quick break,
and in that break we're going to have an original version of a famous DDR song,
which I'm sure y'all are going to enjoy.
Come join our chatroom on any other side IRC server,
Channel Pound, Orange Lounge.
No, we're not having Britney Spears!
No, Britney!
But we can get petite love!
Oh
It's the first time in my life that I've known you since you've been here
I've been waiting for you since you've been here
Oh
Oh
She is not all you need is love
Money, money, money, money
Tonight, I'll try to let you remember All the times that we were happy
That we were happy together, sing a song
You and me can be singing tonight
Such pleasure, come on
And let yourself go
And let yourself go
Oh, let yourself go
Flotation, feel the flow
It's time to let yourself go
Oh, let yourself go
Feel the flow of love
Come on
Live your life
You don't get second chances
Love the night, release the seven senses
Feel the flow, it's time to let yourself go
Tonight, such pleasure, come on, just let yourself go
Feel the flow, it's time to let yourself go
All these hurts
Lose control, control
Let yourself go
Temptation
It's time to let yourself go
I know, I know
Feel the flow, flow
Just let yourself go
Flatation
Just let yourself go
Just let yourself
Just let yourself go
Just let yourself
Just let yourself go
Just let yourself
Just let yourself go
Let yourself go
Feel the flow now
Let yourself go
Let yourself go
Feel the flow
It's time to let yourself go
Feel the flow now
Lose control
Let yourself go
Flotation
Let the, let yourself go
Flotation
Feel the flow now, flow now
Flotation
Feel the flow
It's time to let yourself go
Flotation
Lose control
Let yourself go
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry
That's right, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio
A real radio makes Jamie cry, too.
The chat room demanded more promos last week, so we got some together for this week.
Just a few, though.
They did a special one, just because you guys bitched.
So anyway, and now they're bitching in chat room, we're just going to have to make a new
one for them, because they're not capable, apparently.
In that set, you heard some of the former members of Morning Masumé have their own
little group uh... you wanna brown money thank you because i would have fed up
and uh... the original version of the deal of called to go to the top
took the total
uh... after that was the vocal version of the song into the exit
brings the closest orgasm flotation
by vincent amore the man
you're listening to katie m i radio don't i was kidding if you really
believe that honestly i think the years that great anyway i'd like to let
himself go
rotation. Tonight's radio program is very last minute. I've been given a lot of things
at the last minute. We're beginning a lot of news at the last minute, a lot of new MP3s
to play for you here at the last minute, and of course, we got the tapes from yesterday's
Dollar Mendy tournament, and we've got those interviews we're going to be airing for you.
We got that all put together at the last minute. I was a microphone hoe-er. But you got some
Some great interviews, Jamie, so we're going to be hearing that about the show.
We split it up into three parts, so we'll be playing a bunch of it throughout the show.
I want to start off the show with something I was just given literally two minutes before
we went on air.
It's a link to a post over on the, I love this name for a board, the DJ Trunks Owned
You board.
And this is a possible Max 3 song list.
I don't know the validity of it, of course I don't think any of us know at this point,
When did Captain Jack do a remix to Take Me Out to the Ballgame?
From what I remember, there's a Dance Mania sports album that's out now, and that's when
the song's on.
At least we didn't get the Baja Man with Who Let the Dogs Out, which was also on that CD.
That song would have been cool for DDR.
That song would have been ass for DDR.
You are in the minority, sir.
Now what I'm disappointed in is 9-1-1, I love their Friday Night song, but more than a woman,
Friday Night rocks it.
One interesting entry I see here, Eiffel 65 with Blue is on this list.
That's one that should have been in DDR maybe three years ago.
Go ahead and read off the list.
Okay, I'm going to read off what I can here.
We got Never End by Yoma Komawatsu, Midnight Town by the Divas, Secret Rendezvous, Baby
Give Me Love, those songs.
Red the Fire by Scotty D, who I don't think has done anything since Drop the Bomb, correct?
No, he did something on 2DX.
Next, you did...
Oh, he did the track with Magoo, stick around.
Celtic music, Revenge vs. Desire, that's going to be very cool, as long as it doesn't sound
like Enya, because Enya facilitates release, as we've said on other shows.
B For You, of course, returns, hooray, with a song called Crazy Sound, which I've used
to describe B For You in the past.
max the xxxium
i have no idea that sounds a little lame to me but maybe who knows
uh...
love to
i don't know there's some japanese text in here i can't i can't get to
unfortunately i don't think i have the text expansion
uh... that's the one song that was in your mix
okay cool
uh... three two one stars
What?
If this list is true, we've got the 3-2-1 stars in there.
That would so work.
Colors, Glorious Days, A, Le More et Libre, Kiss Kiss Kiss, and Mobo Moga.
Yeah, you could just say Love and Liberty.
Okay.
Le More et Le Libre.
Stream, Mosque Nada, Bus Stop, Owner of A Lonely Heart, Venus, Sunshine In Our Music,
New York City Boy, What's Up 2000 by DJ Nico, New York City Boy by Pet Shop Boys, and Nancy
and the Boys with SOS.
I wonder if that's the same Dr. Bombay SOS or if we're talking like ABBA SOS or what?
If it's ABBA SOS, that would be cool.
DJ Chaos with Sweet Desire and DJ Magical with Rush Hour.
already in the chat room, some people think it's fake, some people think it's real. Take
it for what it's worth. If that was the real thing, remember you heard it here first. If
it was fake, oops, our bad, you know, blame the chat room.
Well, let me just put it this way. Max the XXXM?
That's the one that kind of, of course, they're saying in the chat room it's actually called
Max Infinity by Sigma. I don't know.
Okay, well, Max Infinity sounds better. Max XXXM is really retarded.
Yeah. It's like, porno Max.
It writes the short best.
It's the promo for the new movie with Vin Diesel or something.
God no.
So there you go, possible Max 3 song list.
Let's see, what else did I want to get to? We have some...
Well speaking of Max 3, you know that Euro Mix 2 just came out recently,
and there were some new songs on Euro Mix 2 that are assumed to be
in Max 3, and I've got one of those songs that was just sent to me, and I
I haven't even pulled this up myself to listen to it.
I'm told the quality isn't the best,
but we'll play a little bit of it for you here.
If it's pretty good quality,
we'll even play the whole thing.
If it's kind of crappy quality, we won't play very much.
But let's listen to it.
This is Naoki featuring Polteri with Memories.
Oh, God.
Are you ready?
Here we go!
I'm keeping the mics on for this,
for a live comment. No fucking Polteri, please.
Okay, so far I'm digging it.
Wow, it's Destiny all over again.
Why can't that woman hold a key?
Her voice is pretty good in this, so it's not as noisy as it might be.
Let's see if they've read it through a mixer.
It's fun to play people singing with her.
I have to let you go
I just want you to know
Can you hear the cheering?
I have to support
The one I love
Super performance
That's a new one for you, Missy
Super performance
I
You all think that's a
You are very good at that.
We have some stuff for you.
Pretty good.
Let me fuck your dick.
The one for love is
I only have to let you go.
I just want you to know.
I was like Polteri like Naoki's third head or something.
Or like second head or something like that.
The rumor is Polteri is giving Naoki head actually.
For fights versa, that song has been lifted from like two or three other songs.
Yeah, it doesn't sound that bad compared to half the other stuff.
But I'd play it if it had a good step chart. I don't know.
Yeah, I think it's going to depend on the step chart. I like it though.
Compared to most of their collaborations, that's on the higher end for me.
Well, she doesn't sound like total ass, so it's okay.
It could have been a lot worse. It could have been, I don't know, anything else.
She just can't sing very well. I'm sorry.
They're commenting in the chatroom. They're not even commenting about that song. They're saying,
God, the announcer got worse.
You are a super performer!
Alright, let's get to the first part of those interviews, shall we?
Let's hear some of the interviews from Dollar Mendy's... Well, let's talk about it,
because some of you guys went. I unfortunately, I really wanted to go to this tournament,
but I did have some... Somebody went to Cuzar.
I had some previous commitments that I had to do. Somebody went to Cuzar. So I didn't get to go.
Well, let's hear it. Excuse me.
He had to go run off the Q's hour with Paul over. He's stupid. He's like, oh PA is boring.
We were loyal. We raped the crane machine.
Yeah, me and DarkSakura. Sorry, I forgot your name for a second. No.
Get out.
I'm old. I'm old. Yes, in my own special way. No, I won like 15 prizes off that game and I don't know how many she won.
A bunch. I was giving them away all day.
But PA got kind of boring because since it was on doubles everything went twice as slow
and giving everyone a qualifying practice round made it even longer and more boring.
But I made it through the qualifying round.
It got pretty intense once they started running through those homemade only courses though.
That was pretty insane.
Meanwhile, the cues are.
No, no cues are.
It was fun.
It was fun, but when I came back, freestyle was cool.
I have to say, my favorite part of the tournament had to have been Ruben's little intermission
stuff in between performers.
That was great.
After twenty people did Spin the Disc, he did a Spin the Disc freestyle with his stop-dropping
roll move halfway through the song, which was one of the highlights, along with Corey's
head spin.
Corey's head spin was the winner of the show.
That was awesome.
There were some really good routines, but I think I can get into that a little bit later.
One of the judges gave him a hundred and wrote, oh my god, head spin, and that was their card.
I gave Ruben a negative sixty-nine for his routine.
That's pretty cool.
But in PA, just throw out some who won stuff.
For PA, Jimmy came in first, and I forget who came in second, or emphasis.
I have all of the stuff.
Emphasis, Jimmy came in first, and Jazz came in third.
Nope.
Second was radical.
I have the results right here, if you'll give me a second to pull everything up.
Of course this is taken from a DDR Freak.
For PA, first place, we have Emphasis, who I also noticed, I guess, is newly inducted
into RTF.
So, congratulations.
Whatever.
Second place, Radical of Ass.
Third from Step Squad, we have Jazz, my Nike Neko Jazz.
Fourth was Chubbs.
For Group Freestyle, first place was Hypnotics and One Wish Mike or Boogaloo Shrimp I guess
going by now.
Second was DK Angel Wings of Step Squad and Kit Hero.
Third place was Marky Mark and Tommy L. I'm just reading off the list, I'm sorry.
For Comedy First Place, we have Mr. Wendell and Fancy Lala, who's his niece, that was
a very, very cute routine to Cowgirl.
have for single freestyle. First was Fuzzy Hat, second was Mr. Wendell, third was Rain
of RTS, and fourth was DK Angel Wing's dad, who got up there and just did some amazing
last minute freestyle. That was the coolest thing ever. That was probably the third coolest
thing about the tournament. He just got up and started like, he was better than almost
everyone else, and he made it up on the spot. That was awesome. But, you know, Fuzzy Hat's
the man because he had fire. Yeah, he used candles for raving. He did, he did a really
nice routine to healing vision and Wendell's was to center the heart, which I thought was
very, very well presented. Very funny. Of course, I was a judge. Actually, I was going
to ask you, Jamie, as a judge for the tournament, and awesome, I'm glad you got to participate
in that, what did you think of the level of freestyle at this tournament compared to other
tournaments you've either been to or heard about, seen videos of? I think that not everyone
was really taking the tourney seriously, however, it looked like people were having fun with
what they were doing and that always to me, one of the biggest things that I like to judge
on is energy, the amount of enthusiasm you put into doing your performance and I have
to say there was a good bit of energy in the performances.
That's what happens when everyone drinks like four pitchers of beer right before.
We have the other contest that was going on on the side and that's the drinking contest
between Step Squad and the members of RTF that were there.
I know that Mr. Wendell drank a lot because he fell over halfway through his group comedy
performance for Cowgirl and that was pretty funny.
We have the drinking results in 7th place.
We have Iguana Girl of Step Squad, 6th place Islander, 5th place Fuzzy Hat, 4th place Mr.
Wendell, 3rd Rain of RTF, 2nd place Kiyoki, and 1st place J-Connect of Step Squad.
I'd also like to give a shout out to the newer members of Step Squad and to my Step Squad
family.
Really, it was Step Squad all over the place at the tourney and it was a lot of fun.
How many beers did Jake and Edick have?
Because I know Rain had about nine.
All I have to say also is, wait until we get to the interviews, you're going to see just
how Step Squad was all over this tourney, especially in the interviews.
So I know that there were many, many pitchers of beer floating around.
I do also know that apparently I'm some alcohol connoisseur because I sniffed it and could
tell it was Heineken.
There was a whole lot of drinking going on.
I was worried for a few people and Kiyoki turned into the human billboard for the tournament.
I think I signed his head somewhere and Cory signed his arm with 2DX style.
I'll go ahead and give a plug for 2DXstyle.net, check it out.
They have a plug for us too.
Yes.
Very cool site.
It was basically, there was the impromptu wrestling out in the parking lot.
We had Jay Kinetic putting Keshi in the walls of Jericho while I had to do a run-in with
the orange bat of justice, trademark.
The bat did get signed by just about everybody, so it's now owned.
Okay, let's go to the tape.
How's that sound?
Sounds like winter.
All right, I'm going to leave the mics hot and we can pause these interviews as we feel
the need to interject.
Sam, this is a hot mic from my hand.
All right, here we go.
this is jamie live at the uh... dollar mendy tournaments which was held just
yesterday on august seventeenth rob if you don't want
no it's not like that started well we're gonna play it live though
yeah but it's a new line like a life tape
recorded it was a report that she was like
here we go here's the tape
hi this is that fact that i can see you live from mountain mike's income card
are you what i tell you she's coming to you live
august seventeenth of two thousand and two
This is a series of interviews done here at the Dollar Mandy Summer Vacation Tournament
for Orange Challenge Radio.
And if you don't like it, too bad.
So now we are to our next segment of interviews for Orange Challenge Radio now, but I don't
have the pause button on the recorder, so let's go to...
It was...
No, I have to say it was Jamie's first time, so you know, there was bound to be a few mistakes
and one of them was the pause button, but that's okay.
I love that though, because one of the interviews I did, I started off with Naoki Iijoji, who...
Apparently, we had been trying to meet for the Sakura Batsuri in San Francisco for years
and years in a row, and we finally met up at Turning, so it was cool.
Oh, that's cool.
Well, good for you guys.
But, by the way, this is the very first...we're going to do this more and more on Orange Lounge,
go out throughout the Bomani community and tape things at events, and this is kind of
the first in a series of those, so Jamie did an excellent job with this.
My applause to her.
Well, let's listen to the rest.
To our current guests, go ahead and tell everyone who you are.
Give me our mic, once again.
The Cockmaster.
Yes, the Cockmaster.
And go ahead and let everyone know what you're doing for Trini, again.
Staff, and Gumby has two inches of hot dick for you.
Would you like to answer this?
There's something behind it.
No.
He said no.
Okay.
Yes.
who were hanging out in the party room, there was a TV feed from the main room with the
machine and there was a sign held up that says, two inches of hot dick for you. So that's
where that's from. Is there a point to two inches of hot dick? No, it was just a sign
held up in front of the camera. Okay, you crazy kids. Well. Exactly. So, I know I've
asked the question again because I'm a dork and had the pause button on, but. It's okay
Hey, Jamie, we forgive you.
Fight me.
Shut up.
So, um, you know, once again, who's looking to be the top server for a PA and what do
you think is going to happen for Freestyle?
Me, Dave.
No, you suck a cock.
Anyway, yeah, Jimmy, emphasis, I think he will do really well.
Hey, you're here.
Hola.
Yes, Hugo just came in.
Word.
Uh, yeah, I think emphasis will probably do really well for Perfect Attack and like I
I said before you don't know what's gonna happen for freestyle. There should be a good amount of routines like
Yeah, DDR for God
He's gonna win DDR for God. How was the DDR for God routine? Oh
I don't know
Oh, well what a load of crap
Do you think we're gonna have any waste of time today the tournaments a waste of time itself
off.
And now you have it, that's it.
And here we have a very special interview guest for our Orange John's radio segment.
Go ahead and introduce yourself.
Hi, I am the oh-so-annoyed-and-loving-life-I-want-a-girl.
Oh, we love you anyway.
Well, um, so what brings you here to Tourney, are you competing or watching or just laughing
at everyone?
I'm mostly just laughing at everyone.
Who do you think is going to come out for a PA?
I'm thinking it's probably going to come down to emphasis,
probably emphasis Okie and Virtu.
And what do you think is going to happen for a freestyle?
I really have no idea.
I think, somehow I think Wendell is going to come out of it as one of the top
just because Wendell has this insane ability to always come out ahead.
So overall, are you having a good time returning?
So far I haven't had too much time to
socialize, but I'm expecting to have a fun time.
Had she had any drinks by this point?
Not at that point. They ordered a pitcher of beer soon after.
It was very yummy. Salad bars for like $3.99 rock.
Alrighty, well thank you very much. Well then y'all are gonna have fun in Vegas
because they got 99-cent salad bars there.
and lots of alcohol.
Oh, speaking of which, Jamie won't be with us next week, unfortunately,
because she's, well, fortunate for her, because she's going to Vegas,
but I'm fortunate for the rest of the stuff at home.
I'm going to have me a warp core breach and ride the Star Trek experience.
It's just going to be, I'm telling you, that's the way to do it.
That's the way to do the Star Trek experience.
I'm going to have a drunken nerd night.
You're very welcome.
I like my microphone.
You seem to like that phallic symbol.
Guess what? I'm being a microphone whore again.
We have yet another person to interview, so go ahead and state your name for the audience.
And you're done chewing.
Can't chew, otherwise known as Kiyoki of the Step Squad.
Okay. And what are you here doing, a tourney?
Actually, no, I wish I was, but me and Jay, we're both on the inactive list because of injuries or what other reasons,
so we're both SSA and security today.
Ah, cool. So what do you think of Perfect Attack so far, and who do you think will come ahead?
We're having language filters, right?
Our show is rated for adult content, so go ahead.
Don't mince words, tell us how you really feel.
I don't give a flying fuck till the freestyle starts.
And what do you think is going to happen for freestyle?
As long as there is no nasty guy stripping, I'm all for it.
We did have Gumby's Boxers.
Like I said, I was unable to make the tournament, and I apologize for that.
I did see ass later on that afternoon, although I don't remember who it was.
Oh my.
Yeah, there was a cop right across the room.
You didn't even know who it was?
I didn't see he was locking on.
Was it a dark room?
It was a nice butt, though.
Well, well, well.
I really hope for that since I'm judging. Oh my God.
I personally think that everybody performing for Step Squad is just going to kick ass.
You know, that's me.
Oh, hell yeah. Step Squad will kick ass.
So, um, overall, you know, you having a good time?
Yes, yes I am.
If only Hugo and Meg could finally figure out how much of what they own of me, it'd
be all nice.
So there's no scale yet?
Well, apparently, Hugo owns my soul, Meg just owns my body.
That works for me.
It works perfectly fine with me that way.
All right, well, we'll leave it at that.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So this is the first of Supra interview number one.
Yay.
I am sitting here.
Go ahead and state your name for the lovely listeners.
Roberto.
Radical.
Cool.
And so our... you're here...
Does that mean, like, his first name is Ver2 and his last name is Radical?
No, I can receive Radical, too.
Oh, okay. Oh, you did them both at once.
Sorta. It was mostly Corey, but...
Oh, okay. Cool, cool.
I didn't hear Bratical. I heard Radical.
Like, that was his last name.
Like, the Radical Ver2!
The 80s are making a comeback, you know.
So what are you doing for the tourney today?
I'm doing PA.
Anything else?
Um... PA?
Cool, and how did you do?
Okay, beat me by two.
But you qualified, right?
Yeah.
Cool, so just give us a little bit of your Bimani history and what you might be well known for even though probably everybody already knows.
I started playing Bimani back in 99 with the good old BeatMania Complete Mix 1.
Yeah, it's a very quick master up in this piece.
And then I played DDR, it was lame.
Then I got bored with BeatMania, then I went back to DDR, and I was like, wow, this is pretty cool.
And I took it like an ass for two years. Took it like an ass, in the ass, however you want to put it.
And then, here I am now. Big name that I don't want to be. Yeah, he's taking my place.
Do you care to comment on that?
About what?
About taking his place.
I feel honored.
Who do you think is going to come out ahead for Freestyle today?
Come out ahead? Call me stupid for saying this.
Probably one of the RTF peeps. If Tran comes, he's pretty strong and everything.
Mel maybe. I don't know. I'll see what RTF has in store.
If anyone from Ass comes, they got it in the pocket too.
I don't know, I might pull something out of my ass and make an ass of myself like I do
all the time.
Corey, yes, please.
Oh, there's that comedy section too.
Yeah, that's right.
I might pull out another burning key.
Wow, Brad just got blammed.
That's pretty harsh.
Can somebody explain to me what a blam is?
It beats the heck out of me.
Okay.
I'm hearing some interesting noises coming from the side that I'm not going to comment
on.
So, do you have any final words that you want to say for our listeners?
I'm not that special, quit making me something special, I play a game, I pass a song, whoop-de-doo.
And there you have it.
Oh my God, it was first time out!
So, you have now yet another interview, so go ahead and state your name for our beautiful
and talented listeners.
My name is Mr. Wendell.
I am part of the staff.
How many beers by this point?
I don't think any yet.
You've got to be kidding me.
He was outside guarding the people who had to be hid away for PA.
That's the reason he could keep up that act the whole time is because he had influence.
If he had been drinking a lot later, and he can really chug fast, I saw.
Wendell is the beer master.
Was he like that beer guy on the man show?
He's not quite like the fox, but he's pretty fast.
Alrighty then, let's hear what else Wendell has to say here.
For the Dollar Mandy summer vacation.
That reminds me, did Dollar Mandy ever make an appearance?
Because he was supposedly in town.
No, he didn't.
What a bummer.
Just staffing today and not competing, or are you competing?
I'm also competing.
And you're doing what say?
I am doing single freestyle, and comedy.
Ah.
So, what do you think is going to happen so far for Trudy today?
Who do you see coming ahead for a perfect attack?
and who do you think is going to be your fierce competition for freestyle?
Well, there's a lot of really good double freestylers that, well, double PAers, I should say.
I mean, right now I have in my jail this little twerk by the name of Emphasis.
You know, he kind of like beat me during the Royal Rumble, and I had to like give him a pile driver, you know.
I had witnesses for that, but he's a really good kid.
He can do doubles pretty good.
There's another little kid by the name of Minetki-Nek, a jazz.
He's kind of like tall. He's red-headed.
He looks like a monster, but he's like a teddy bear.
And we also have that wacky little guy by the name of Okie, Okimoto.
Yeah, that boy is good.
Who do you think is going to be your composition in freestyle?
Well there's a lot of really good competitors. I see a lot of really good free-stylers.
You have like that Hypnotics dude. He's got that Darren's groove thing going.
I also see that Fuzzy guy, Fuzzy Torso, or whatever he's got Fuzzy on him.
I don't know, you know, that's not my thing.
We also have the crazy, wacky players, and yeah, they're going to be really, really good.
good. There's so many right there that are really, really good and I can't say that I
have much competition for them, but I'll do my best.
I think you'll do a good job besides that Step Squad owns.
Well, well, well, we represent, Step Squad is a good organization. It's really all about
all about family. We do our best to promote peace in the community. We go out there and
promote the freestyle, make sure that nobody does them hand slaps, do them D-drops, bump
their head on the floor like I used to do back in the day. We try to have fun and make
it an entertaining scene when we do tournaments and just have fun.
So you're having a good time so far?
I'm having a very awesome, entertaining time right now.
Even though I'm kind of like running staff and running this little jail right here, you know.
I have my big old fan, you know, guys try to escape.
I have the Wilson butt, but, you know, I'm having a wonderful time
and I expect to have a lot more fun times when the freestyle starts.
All right, well thank you very much.
The pleasure is all mine.
Okay, more interviews, yay.
So go ahead and state your name for our beautiful listeners.
Ben.
Hi.
What's Ben's online name?
I couldn't remember right now.
It sounded like Chub's, was it Chub's?
Yeah it was.
For a moment my brain was totally flipping.
That's what I thought.
I heard this before the show and it was never made clear so I thought we'd state that.
What are you doing here at the tournament today?
I'm competing in Perfect Attack and I'm part of the staff, moving machines, kicking people out and stuff.
Sounds like grueling work.
It's free pizza.
That's always a good reason.
So what do you foresee happening for a perfect attack today?
Who do you think is going to come ahead?
I think Okie will sweep.
That's what you're talking about.
Okie is going to win first.
Corey is going to fail.
I see.
And what do you see happening for a freestyle later today?
I haven't really looked over the list, but I'm pretty sure Fuzzy Hat will come up as some improv, Hypnotics might win, and Kyle Snyder will entertain himself.
But Kyle Snyder never shows.
Indeed.
So just to go ahead and give everyone a little bit of history, what's your history in the Bemani scene?
Well, I've been playing at the boardwalk three years ago, two and a half.
My first big tournament was March Madness, which is about six months ago.
Until then, I've been at every tournament, pretty much, since March Madness.
All right, well, thank you for the interview.
No problem.
More interviews, yay.
Yay.
I got another person to interview, so go ahead and for our listeners,
state your name and your brief history in the Milwaukee community.
What's your favorite color?
My brief history and a big money community.
It's a community?
More like a commune.
Yeah, a communist party.
Let's see.
I'll tell you what it's more like.
You ever hear about Waco?
It's a big inbred party.
Somebody got a bus.
Let's see.
I have a brother named STI, one of the three original founders of StepSquad, other than me, Jay Kinetic, and Strider Vegeta, aka Strizzy.
Let's see, I've entered too many tournaments to count and just now I've actually taken
it seriously on freestyling, so instead of just half-assing everything I might as well
do a routine, so last time I got a routine but I failed the song, oh well, giving another
shot again, so that's why I'm here.
What do you think of your competition for freestyle today?
The dudes from ass is like really good and I think there's like two other people that
are doing the same song I am.
I've been practicing it today but I've been moving alright.
I don't know man.
Wendell is cool.
I don't consider them competition, so I don't care how high I place or whatever, and I don't
even care about placing, I'm just trying to have fun, do what I'm supposed to do, and
entertain people.
That sounds like a really good philosophy to have.
I've noticed that some people get really, really heavy on the competition, on the have
to be better aspect.
I mean, what do you think of that kind of attitude?
Yeah, it's like, I had this mentality, it's like, oh man, I have to place top five and
I never end up doing it. So it's just like, you know, forget it. I'm just going to do
what I want to do, just dance and just entertain people, just show off some dance moves, whatever.
I don't know. I'm just going to go do my thing. I don't care if people don't like it or whatever.
As long as I have fun out there and I feel okay.
Do you have a final word for the listeners?
Yeah.
Word.
Indeed.
Thank you.
All right.
That's it for the first round of interviews there from Dollar Mindy's summer vacation.
And it was quite fun.
Yes.
What did you think of that?
Good group of people to interview there.
They're all very good about it.
I want to thank you all for putting up with me, shoving a microphone up your nose or anything.
No complete drunks yet, but...
Not yet, but we get them later.
But we do have more sets of interviews coming a little later in the show.
There's a great interview with Jahi in the second set of interviews.
Oh, that was fun.
And in the last set of interviews, you've got Dark Sound.
You're interviewing him, the master of the tournament, and the reason why the webcast
on DDR4E didn't end up happening.
So for those of you that were curious about what happened there, he gives the explanation.
It's all there.
We're going to play that for you a little later in the show.
In the meantime, if you weren't listening to the show a little bit earlier, we played
for you Memories, the new Naoki featuring Paula Terry song, and that was given to me
from our chatroom comedian Pyroman, and I promised him since I played that that I would
play Destiny.
So I will play Destiny.
Right after Destiny, we've got two brand new 8th Style songs we're going to premiere for
you right here.
Vir2 from 2DX Style, big thank you to him.
Go ahead and visit 2dxstyle.net for all the latest and greatest 2DX news, if you haven't
already.
And we're going to hear some new stuff from 8th Style thanks to those guys there.
So let's first hear Destiny and then we'll get to the 8th Style stuff here on Orange
Lounge Radio.
go.
I'm just a kind of person
And I'm not a part of no other thing
And I'm not lying to no one
And I'm not a thing
I'm not a thing
That's the way I dream and dream
I know I just can't just take you free
I used to keep on following you, never letting you go
Following you all day, all night, I'm calling on you
Never letting you go, I'm following you
You, you were the destiny
I was getting what we had to do
All right, as promised, here we go with some new eighth style tracks.
This first one is DJ Taka with M.
And by the way, this is the first time I will have even
heard these.
Any of us in the room will have heard these live here on
Orange Lounge Radio.
From 8th Style, DJ Taka with M.
Oh
From 8th Style here on Orange Lounge Radio, that was DJ Taco with M. Big thanks to the
folks at 2dxstyle.net and 2dxstyle.com. They both work now. And they've been yelling at
because I haven't been saying.com. I guess that's how they're going to promote it now,
although it was.net, but whatever. Anyway, we were thinking, it sounds a lot like V,
doesn't it, that song? That song is ass, okay? That was crap. What the hell is he doing?
I'm going to take a classical piano piece and add a beat to it. Oh, gee, why don't you
just throw in Polteri into there, too? That'd be even better. That would make it suck. Chat
Room is racking their brains trying to figure out what original piece that's based off of.
Bradley thinks he has it figured out, why don't you tell him?
It's from Moonlight Sonata by Bach.
Moonlight Sonata by Bach is what we believe that to be based off of, so
we'll have to go download the original and see if we can match it up, see if it works out.
Although that would make sense, M for Moonlight Sonata, but maybe M is for
Mozart Suggested Chat Room, so who knows?
Anyway, we're gonna...
V was for Vivaldi, so that would make sense.
So, who knows?
We'll play this next track for you from 8th Style Preview, DJW with Gemini.
Oh
That's DJW with Gemini, and we do believe the category for that will be
the elevator music dot that was awful i'm sorry that mom is it
makes you want to take a nap or go shopping or something i i don't like it
that's just my opinion your knowledge on satellite preferred and much more to that
uh... i i disagree with low-key i'd kind of dug him it was cool i like that whole
classical remake thing but
they he doesn't need to kind of reinvented it's kind of been done we've
had the we've had a cochran
it's time okay
and better be the last one it needs to go in a different direction
Well, it's not that I don't like that genre of music. I mean, piano ambient is awesome, but it's just he didn't do anything with it. He just added a beat to it.
I mean, do a little bit more than just add a beat to the music, because it's really old. That's all.
Quite.
Well, I'm kind of wanting things to go back to sort of old school, how the songs used to be in Beatmania. I want 5-key style stuff, you know.
Well, really, the other tracks that we've heard recently, to me they sound like a lot
of the Five Key stuff.
I think 8th Style is going to be a very Five Key kind of game.
That's kind of what it's sounding like to me.
Well, I mean, obviously it's not a Five Key game, but with that same style of music, especially
with a lot of the artists coming over from the Five Key series, since Five Key isn't
going to exist anymore.
I miss Five Key.
I miss it already.
Anyway, I'm going to play one more song for you, just because I've got to pee soon here.
We're going to play something else from Euromix 2 that's one of the supposed max 3 new songs.
This is Crash by Mr. Brian and the Final Band here on Orange Lounge Radio
I'm going to go my way, get with me your mother, let's go, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, break the dollar,
get out of here, come with me now, now we are going our way, I wanna show you baby,
The world you've never seen
Nothing can stop us now
So hold on tight, babe
So I will out there
When you come, open your eyes
Don't need to be afraid
Stay with me, baby
You are the one
To keep me sane
Baby, take my hand
And love me now
I don't wanna know
But they say, no, no, I don't care They can't tell me nothing, I'm gonna go my way
One, two, three, four, five, race it, darlin', get out of here
Come with me now, now we are going our way
Come on! Go on, you bummer boys! Let's go!
Now, I don't wanna know which way it goes Just keep on going, there is no time No time to be wasted now
One, two, three, four, five Now is the time, let's get out of here Come with me now Nothing can ever stop us
From the steps-wide to orange paths, this GDR sucks, holler, stop, stop, stop, stop,
we want our slimmers, exercise, PS, all right, TTPO.
our thoughts on the uh... mister brian in the final band with crash from your
own it's not fucking sucked that was the biggest bit of aspects of the guitar
school
through the japanese singer and throw in a kindergartener it sounds like an old
man seen crappy lyrics
or any town lyrics by no missus kimball's
kindergarten class sung by
this stupid guy that's really what it is just crap let's take a crappy song and
add a crappy guy to it and will get some more crap
while they just made another uh... i know that he could sing firefly to
or and you know why not think died
i'm sure his voice it's not awesome on dot
for true you know he'd be good for true
according to the chat room it's white guys try to do break down in english
so anyway um...
while that was really bad so um...
on behalf of orange lounge radio
on behalf of
the lovely dark sacra co-host
On behalf of myself, Sky, co-host, I would like to offer an apology for wasting one minute
and forty-four seconds of your life with that utter piece of crap song that is known as
Mr. Brian and the Final Band.
Will you please ever forgive us for that?
Send us money if you do.
Money can be sent to, you know, Jamie Summerscare over.
Do I smell, yeah, DDR Max USA exclusive track-
Oh wait, now it wouldn't be exclusive. New original for DDR Max USA though. I can just see it right now. It smells like the festering pile of shit that DDR Max USA will probably become.
Maybe not.
No, maybe not. Let's give it a chance. Let's at least see the song list before we bash it because right now it sounded pretty darn good.
Yeah.
We just gotta see the song list and then we can, you know, be as critical as all hell.
Breakdown.
Um, damn it, there was something else I wanted to play here, but I forget what it was.
My, my, I got all back-ass-ward here.
What do we want to talk about next? I want to do my Fuck You of the Week. Oh yeah, that's what we want to do.
We want to do the Fuck You of the Week. Let's, uh, get to Jamie's
Fuck You of the Week. For those that are new to the show, Jamie likes every week, and I
sometimes do too, and I do have a Fuck You this week, by the way.
But Jamie likes, and so does Matt, uh, Jamie likes to
get all pissed off at something every week, and we call it Jamie's Fuck You of
the week segment she's in ornery she's not always the sweet innocent moderator
that you might think she is okay so let's get to Jamie's f you of the week
Okay, my Fuck You of the Week goes to...
I forgot where my Fuck You of the Week is going to be.
Oh, yes! Fucking fantasy!
In, like, seven of all things.
Okay, I've been, you know, Iguana Girl has been very nice to let me, you know, trade out my fifth style with her to play fourth style,
so I've been, I said, I'm gonna, you know, finally beat fantasy and pass that back,
because, you know, I haven't been playing 2DX that long, and I've always been slow with, you know, picking up some of the stuff from the Ronnie games,
although, once I learn something, I really don't forget it.
Um, so I've been struggling with fantasy, and I've been getting 72, 76, 78, 78, 78, 78, every damn time I play the song,
so I want my fucking border bonus, and it's about goddamn time that I get it, and then I can give it back.
Although on a good note, I did finally pass a check or two, and I am probably about a couple weeks away from having my first 7-star beaten to the voltage or Y31.
having any pepsi blue in stock today
assistant
it's it's a good dessert drink for me just let me have my fun
it's good shit
someone eight of them two strawberries and cotton candy and puked it into a jar
well regardless
walgreens did not carry the puke in the jar that i happen to like so big fuck
you to walgreens
mad you haven't fucked you in a week
yes i do
my f you the week
i had to give you a song i'm sorry
i hate this song
my a few of the week goes to the conquered city planners
what the hell were you thinking with the streets
streets are supposed to have perpendicular intersections okay this crap of winding
streets that you have in there is just
unnecessary i got lost about four times in conquered and it should have been really simple
how did i add that was on the same road
yes it was on the same damn roads
i feel like it was stratton or something like that
it was just pathetic
It's pathetic. This road makes three different turns and they have streets intersecting with it. It's crap. So, my F.U. goes out to them.
It's raining. Hallelujah.
Our chat room has some F.U.s of the week they want to dish out, so let me get to those.
SoCalKick says, F.U. GenomScream for not going to Power Station and F.U. DJ Ness for leaving early.
And fuck you Pepsi Blue for making me sick and having a crappy cap that's spilled on the cam I borrowed and it spilled on it and fucked the cam up, whatever that means.
Pyro Man, our local chatroom comedian, would like to give a big fuck you to the live 365 lady that comes up whenever he tries to start the stream and it ends up delaying his stream by two minutes.
So, a big F you by them.
And that's our Fuck You of the Week. Good job, everybody.
I feel the leak goes toward Propel, put out by Gatorade.
This beautiful fitness water tastes like Ghetto Kool-Aid and owns you for free.
Let's get to the second part of the Daler-Mendy interview, shall we?
We shall.
We shall.
Here we go.
More of Jamie live doing interviews at the Daler-Mendy tournament, which was just yesterday.
Yes, it was.
Here on Orange Lounge Radio.
All day.
I'm doing more interviews.
doing more interviews. Anyway, go ahead and state for our listeners your name and a little
bit of your history in the Badminton community.
Yeah, I'm Hattori Hanzo and I've been in the DDR community for about two years now. I remember
starting out when we had some valley mall out here in Concord on a USA mix machine and
everybody's fan favorite Orochi would come and play all the time and would just scare
everyone off the pad, which is okay. We finally figured out how to play and we decided to
go along with it. I met people like Wendell and Shadow Me Twice and Drakonas over at the
mall and we became good friends once we got a machine over here at Mountain Mikes. From
there it's just been a tournament, hanging out, having fun, just trying to do what we
do then lately I just joined step squad with the with Wendell and the dark
Takumi there yeah it's pretty much what's really going on right now so
that's about it so what's your plans for the attorney today well I'm judging
freestyle today because I don't play doubles so perfect attack is pretty dumb
for me right now, and I really can't freestyle, so I decided to just be a judge, and that'll
be it.
Who do you think is going to come out on top for our freestyle today?
Freestyle?
I don't know.
There's some pretty good people out there.
I know there's Wendell, and he got Takumi coming up with something, and then we got
Fuzzy.
He's got some good names out there, so I can't really tell.
Overall, what's your opinion of the Baymani community as it is right now?
Well, lately it's becoming more and more, quote-unquote, scrubby-fied with all these newbies trying to act like they know what they're talking about without asking questions beforehand.
So I'm one of the quote unquote old school people and respect is still there but these
newbies coming up they need to either just sit there and watch what's going on or ask
sensible questions because this immaturity is just not working.
So do you have any final thoughts or words that you want to leave with the listeners?
All I got to say is, Step Squad for life works.
And I'm going to go ahead and add my personal note that I totally 100% agree because Step
Squad owns.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And we have more interview fun.
Yay!
So go ahead and for our listeners, go ahead and state your name and your history with
the Bemani community.
Let's see.
I'm ShadowMeTwice and I like playing DDR.
I've been playing DDR for like two years, and yeah.
That sounds absolutely awesome.
So what is your participation with the tournament today?
Are you competing or moral support or immoral support?
Well, I guess I'm just here for moral support, hanging out.
And if Dark Sound lets me, I might
do my little old school routine from back in the day.
Otherwise, I'm just going to stand and hang out and yeah.
That sounds pretty groovy.
So what do you think of the competition so far?
How do you think things are going?
Well, I don't know too much about PA,
but it looks pretty good.
I know I see some pretty good people here, like Virtu.
And I know Mananako Jazz is here.
So he's good stuff.
I'm waiting for that freestyle, though.
And I'm wondering if the webcam is working.
And I'll have to check on the cam.
But for last I heard, I think that everything
is supposed to be a go.
So do you have any final words for the Baymani community
or for our listeners or anything?
Yes, keep on playing the DDR and the Baymani.
Thank you.
Hi, go ahead and state your name and involvement
What's your participation in the tournament today?
Well, I just got to the second round and I was first in qualifying.
That's for Perfect Attack?
Yes.
Are you doing a freestyle at all?
No.
So who do you think is your strongest competition in Perfect Attack?
Basically Okie because his scores in doubles only are insane.
Okay.
So what's your view of the Bimani community as it is today?
It's getting worse.
Like in what way?
More, it's just too much, as you say, drama.
Drama sucks.
So, do you have any final words for the listeners?
Freestyle takes creativity, PA takes nothing. That's why I PA.
Thank you.
What's with all this hate for PA today?
It's really boring.
It was long.
Yeah, very long, like six hours.
It's about as exciting as golf is.
There will be a tournament one day with exciting PA.
I guarantee it.
I'm telling you, when they start doing the trivia questions mixed in with PA and start
beating people with bats when they get questions wrong, that will be the day.
It is something I would like to do for the next PA if we do a tournament here in Sacramento,
which, by the way, we are trying to plan.
We'll have details on that for you as soon as we get them.
Nice little distant plug there.
And now back to the interviews.
This is around 20 million for the interviews.
Go ahead and state your name and your history in the Baymani community for listeners.
I'm Paulo Sambrano.
I go in the DDR community as Rock My Socks Off, and in the Poetry Slam community I'm
known as the Freaky Funky Space Monkey.
Isn't that a flavor of Ben and Jerry's?
I have no idea, but this guy was cool.
Alright, he sounds pretty cool.
And I've been involved in the Baynominee scene for about two years, although I've been playing
DDR for about a year and three months now.
So are you here competing or in moral support observing?
Actually it's really funny you bring that up because I'm doing a documentary about DDR
in the Bay Area, no Calcine and let's see, I didn't pre-register, I don't have a tripod
but I have a camera and the only way that Ruben or Dark Sound is going to let me get
in the actual pit area where all the freestyle action is going to go down, so I actually
register under freestyle, I suppose.
So I'm probably just going to register under freestyle and own the waste of time bracket
just for the hell of it.
And who do you think is going to be your number one competition in the waste of time bracket?
I don't know.
All I know is I'm going to own it, let's just put it that way.
How's that for an honest answer?
So what's your view on the Baymani community so far, especially in regards to that documentary
you're doing?
It's hard to say actually, because from what I could observe in the SF scene, it was really
going down, then it was going up, with the whole Rise of Riptide arcade as being hailed
as the golf land of SF, but I would have to say there's a lot less, I'm not sure, from
what I could tell, unity in the community for some right now, because there's a lot
of like, I don't know, disenchantment, I suppose, and a lot of noobs getting in the community.
I'm not saying that's a bad thing, because we were all noobs, but it's a lot of cocky
noobs and a lot of cynicism from the old schoolers, so that's what my take on it.
Would you have any advice for new players or just, you know, for the listeners in general?
Any final words?
Advice-wise, to put it this way, I'm still a noob, although, I don't know, different
standards, but just keep doing it. Keep trying. Fuck what everyone else has to say. Just do
it because you love it, not because everyone else is telling you to do it. People call
you a noob or a lamer. Fuck it because we're all noobs and lammers. They're just small
dicks so they just need some sort of instant gratification. And last words, yeah, my doc
The box is going to be out later this year. Come see it. I'm going to sell it to PBS and become moderately famous. Thanks a lot.
I like how he says he's not going to be famous. He's just going to be moderately famous, like a local celebrity.
Moderately famous like the woman, the British woman that insults everyone. I forget what show it's called.
You are the weakest link. Goodbye.
That one.
He'll be more famous than that for a DDR documentary.
It's moderately famous because I don't know her name.
And something. Damn it, now it's going to kill me all day.
My point exactly.
Shit! Alright, back to the interviews.
Thank you.
And now we have more witty words of wisdom.
I dance to heal the world.
It's like a performance artist. I don't want to be brash, but I think I'm the dandy...
What the fuck was that artist's name? We did the Campbell's soup cat.
That was Andy Warhol.
Andy Warhol of DDR.
The Andy Warhol of DDR.
You heard it first on Orange Lounge.
I prefer the Marilyn Monroe painting myself.
But hey, to each his own.
Oh my god, whee!
I mean...
I'm doing yet another interview, so...
If you don't mind, go ahead and give us your name and association
Hi, I'm Megumi, also known as Sweet Megumi. I am part of Pet Squad for Step Squad.
And what's your history in DDR?
I play DDR and I go to tournaments and I work for tournaments and stuff. I don't usually enter them, but I'm there.
I'm interrupting this to say I looked it up. It's Anne Robinson. Thank you, Anne Robinson.
See everyone and always friendly. Yes, the girl in the pink. Yes. So, um, what do you think of the tourney today?
It's pretty cool
There's a lot of people that I haven't seen for quite a while and I like the way Ruben has to set up as like
you know the green room type of thing so
And who do you think is gonna come out on top for a PA or for a freestyle?
Of course, I'd say Oakey because he's my favorite and freestyle. I don't know who entered so
So, if AJ's here, he'll probably win it.
If not, I don't know.
So, do you have any final words for the listeners or for the community or any sage words of
wisdom from observation?
I don't know.
Just play DDR.
Indeed.
How honest.
And, by the way, Stas Quadons.
Yes.
We do.
Anyway, thank you.
Thank you.
No problem.
Whee!
And the newest in line of interviews for Orange Lounge Radio.
Go ahead and tell everyone who you are and a little bit about your involvement in the
community.
What's up, yo?
This is Jay Kinetic representing the SSF Step Squad family as well as the Step Squad Assassins
and Pet Squad.
I've been playing this game since some of you didn't even know 1.5 was back in MGL so
I could be considered an OG.
Basically Step Squad was formed in order to bring more of a family element to DDR.
We wanted to be the alternative to most of the DDR3 communities out there that are biased
against gender, race, sexual orientation, you name it.
We have about 30, 35 players right now who are dedicated to the game as well as getting
each other through tough times and just being there for each other like family, I guess.
One thing that I need to comment is that the squeal of daddy in the background was Draconis'
daughter, Lily, who is famous for, she's also known as Fuzzy Half, and is also famous for
the quote, this DVR sucks. So, I just thought I'd mention that because you can hear.
Alrighty. Are you sure nobody was tied up at the tournament or anything like that?
There was no bondage going on at the tournament that I saw.
What a shame.
What a person at the Step Squad owned...anyway.
So, as far as tourney goes, are you competing or working or, you know, how's your involvement
with this tourney here?
Today I'm out in my SSA uniform and providing security.
We haven't had too many rowdy people, so I'm sitting here enjoying the Heineken courtesy of my friends Wendell and Si.
What's up, Thieves Guild?
Normally I do compete in tournaments. I didn't have time to prepare a routine this time,
but the next tournament I'm looking forward to is Scandio or the Disney's Rave tournament,
or I might pull an improv, I don't know, as well as PA.
So far for the PA or the freestylers in each category, who do you think is going to come out on top?
I'm hoping that Jazz comes out on top of the PA'ers in this particular tournament.
Freestyle is still unpredictable. I'm still not sure who's entered, so I'm going to try to keep a close eye on that.
We're going to be hanging out here until about 9 o'clock.
But it's always a good crop. We have some of the most skilled freestylers out here today.
We've got Rain from RTF out here, Fuzzy Half from Step Squad, just newly inaugurated.
He's here. Wendell's here. I'm not sure if he's competing.
It's going to be a hot competition as normal.
What's your view on the Baymani community currently and what kind of advice would you give?
There are a lot of veteran players who give some of the new school players shit just to
give them shit, and I don't feel that that's right.
I feel that there are a lot of online communities such as ddrspot.com, ddrfreak.com, and Step
Squad message board, plug ourselves in there, that provide a quasi-decent environment.
I'd say Step Squad out of the three does, but then again we're kind of a gay community
in that respect because we only let in people that we know or people that are part of the
squad.
Doesn't mean you can't visit, but the reason why we keep it that way is because it gives
all the players involved a chance to grow rather than having to deal with the prejudice
and stereotypes of the DDR community at large. This doesn't mean that the community at large
is a negative thing. Jason Coe, alias J-Dog, you may know him from the DDR Freak Boys,
has encouraged a very large, very skilled community. It just means that with that exposure
that you get from interacting with that larger community, you may encounter more prejudice
and more stereotypes, because for every one intelligent person there is, there's at least
another nine who are like, oh, I am easy and I am weak because I can pass all nine katas,
that sort of thing. So I feel that the community is growing and I hope to see it progress a
little bit more in the United States, even though Konami of America can kiss my ass because
they screwed us. But at the same time, I still think it's going to grow.
I didn't get screwed.
I didn't get screwed.
Why weren't we invited?
I don't think people are going to be playing it in the States, and if not, hell, I'll go
play Pump It Up. I don't care.
So do you have any parting words for the listeners?
Shoutouts to RTF, Gary, Shintenchi, NoSkills, pretty much everybody in there, Rain, there's
way too many heads to shoutout, StepSquad, THC, TCL, Tag, the DJ Trunks message board,
Orange Lounge, where he put me on this interview, I'm on my third beer, I'm about to go get
a fourth.
Jessica, under Sedation Live, go to that website, that show is funny as hell, shoutouts to...
Travis, Ross, shout-outs to NorCalDDR, keep it live man, these other people get lazy,
Tequila, shout-out to him, shout-outs to nobody but Jen representing NY and the whole movement
basically.
Thank you.
That's what I do, thanks for having me on Jamie.
Alright, so that was the second part of our Dalamendi interview brought to us by the lovely
other half of the show Jamie who was able to go out to the tourney yesterday
unfortunately I was unable to go but I will I think the next set of interviews
that are gonna happen on the show I'm hoping over the Labor Day weekend I'm
going to be getting out of town and I might be going to some of the hot Bay
Area arcades and getting some random interviews around there so you never
know yeah you better watch out I'm gonna be running around the bay with a tape
recorder and I'm coming after you.
Anyway, a big hello to all of our new listeners tonight listening in for our coverage of the
Dollar Mandy tournament.
If you want to join our chat room, just join Channel Orange Lounge on any other side IRC
server.
That's the server that hosts all the big Bimani channels like DDR Freak, 2DX Styles, all those
big channels.
We're on there too under Channel Orange Lounge.
And I'm being given some results from SoCal Kicks.
There was another tournament that happened over the weekend and that was the Power Station
2 tournament.
And in PA, the first place winner was Trunks, second was Frost, third was Lazy Pinoy, and
fourth was...
How do you pronounce it?
I don't want to mess it up.
You've seen this before.
I haven't.
Sinai Butterfly, is that how you say it?
Thank you.
Freestyle, first place, Kenny Wood with Santa Doing Doubles, and second place was Hungry
Asian.
He doesn't remember the song.
And then Jenneth with Remember You, and then to Sunny Butterfly again with Let's Talk It
Over.
And there's pictures at 2dxstyle.com slash sck.
And it was all held on a 5th Mix machine.
Pretty good stuff.
So, also I should plug the Monty Music and More program, which is always on this network
when we're not here.
the music from DDR, 2DX, and Dance Mania series, and there's other random stuff in there too,
Bust-A-Groove, Parappa.
Because we are indeed random.
We'll play whatever the hell we feel like playing, Bomani and more, on a dial-up print
in the stream.
Did you mention our chat room?
Yeah, I did Channel Orange Lounge, on the other side of the seat.
And one other thing, the Monday night rebroadcast, if you missed any part of the show, if you
missed our first set of interviews, we had a lot of people in the first set of interviews,
we do rebroadcast the show, we'll be rebroadcasting these shows on Monday nights, so tomorrow
night on August 19th. Tune in at 7 o'clock Pacific Standard Time for the rebroadcast
of this show and actually we'll be doing it twice. We're going to rebroadcast it at 7
o'clock and 11 o'clock. Because you're special enough to have it twice. Yes, you're going
to get it twice and in the middle there, you're going to get it twice. In the middle of that
big sandwich, we're going to rebroadcast an old show. We're going to be rebroadcasting
episode number 6 and for those that don't know, that was the one when we had Mel B and
melody visiting us and so we have some in-house interviews with them so I'll be
airing at nine o'clock tomorrow on Monday August 19th have I talked enough
no all right I just want to whore out the station because I know we've got new
listeners tonight oh one other thing the email any songs you want to hear any
comments on the show marriage proposals for myself or Jamie send them along we'll
just refuse them though sorry or just go ahead and send us some hate mail to
because we need some comedy we did we did get some hate mail a couple weeks
ago. That was fun. That guy was like, I'm not going to say anything because I'm nice
and he was retarded. Send all your love and hate mail to orangeloungeradio.com. That's
all one word, Orange Lounge Radio. You want to intro this next song for us, Jamie? This
is the one you were searching around for. Let's just make it a surprise. Let's just
make it a surprise. It is not the full version, but it's close enough. We're going to take
a quick break, and when we come back, more interviews! We'll do the interviews at the
the show. We're going to do listless. We're going to do a really quick listless segment
with the...you want to enter this? Best DDR background. The best DDR background. Not necessarily
the video, but images, anything associated with it. For some of our new listeners, want
to tell them some of the results of our previous listless competitions. Well, we've had best
2DX song. Was absolute. Absolute. Best 2DX video was...Love is Dreaminess. And the worst
bimani song in history next to let them move because let them move is already assumed the
worst bimani song in history bye bye baby balloon bye bye baby balloon was determined
that song will no longer ever be on our playlist that song is banned from our playlist we will
never play it i'd like to add the future song that should be added to that list and that
would be have to be crash that song is ass and i just hope it doesn't get worse than
that the name contrary to popular belief is not after you know an accident although the
The song itself is an accident.
I'm sorry, what did you say, Matt?
I'm gonna go out there when you look at both of your eyes.
God, this is awful.
OK, I won't waste a break.
Break down, then crash.
What's the next one?
Stall.
All right, I promise.
No, no, no.
I promise a break.
Basically, the name is a combination of crap and ass.
You crash.
When we come back listless, and you have to be,
if you want to participate, this is an audience participation
segment.
You have to be in our chat room, channel pound, orange lounge
on any other side IRC network.
to participate in Listless. Best DDR background when we come back from this quick break.
Don't be afraid, don't be afraid
Don't be afraid, don't be afraid
I'm tortured, I'm destroyed
Santa Maria
Santa Maria
I'll be walking with you
We'll walk the black hole top
Santa Maria
She called, baby take me higher
I'm dreaming of your love
Dreaming of your love
And I wanna be your last desire
Higher, higher
Higher, higher
And I only wanna be with you baby, cause you know it's gonna be, happen here with me Remember how it used to be baby, cause you didn't feel it
Santa Maria
Santa Maria
Santa Maria
Stand up for the real
We dare
Fill up
Like the world
Of a keeper
Don't want
La vie en rose
Je t'aime
Je vais je t'aime
Fait la monde
La vie en rose
Les voir
Et quoi vie en rose
Vronque la je t'aime
La vie en rose
Oh, baby, don't you see me? It's all in vain. It's all because I'm dying if you need me.
Don't dare to say I'm called un trois. Once more, it's just another word.
Oh, baby, don't hurt me. Don't cut your dent, cut someone. And if there's life worth living, don't break my heart.
La moule à peut, I need more juice
I give in, please stay, cherie
Oh girl, she'll dance
I love her so deep down inside
So what do you know tonight?
Yeah, cherie
Even now, que vais je fait
Yeah, ves que moi
Je t'aime
Oh, shoot
There's nothing wrong
I'm calling for
Don't cut down
I'll be the worst
Oh, baby, don't you see me?
I'm in this all in vain
It's all because
I'm dying if you leave me
Don't dare to say
I'm calling for
This world is just another world
Oh baby don't hurt me
Don't come to damn
Come as you are
And make this life worth living
Don't break my heart
Let move my blood
I need more truth
I give in please
Don't share me
Don't come to damn
I love you so deep down inside
What if I'm not alive?
Don't cut down, love your words Oh baby, don't you see me
If it's all in vain, it's all because I'm dying if you need me
Don't dare to say I'm going wild This world is just another world
Oh baby don't hurt me I won't go to death
Can't let someone Can make this life worth living
Don't break my heart Let me move my blur
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bamani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight we've been doing some of the Dollar Mendy coverage from that big tournament in Concord yesterday.
We're taking a break to do listless, one of our favorite segments here on the show.
We're going to be talking about tonight the best DDR background, that little image that
comes up when you start the song.
It's an artsy moment for DDR, it's kind of showing off the graphics capability or whatever
you want to call it, I don't know.
We were kind of debating, there was a lot of debate in house about whether we were counting
the videos or not, and we decided no, we're not going to count the videos, we're just
going to talk about the actual backgrounds themselves, maybe we'll do DDR videos at a
later date.
what's going to happen you guys in the chat room are going to be able to vote
we will we will give each our top three and then we're going to go through an
elimination round where once we have that big list of 12 songs there's four
of us participating we each get to take one off of the list and then those of
you in the chat room will get to vote you're going to send me a private
message in the chat room with your vote and that'll be the winner and then we'll
We'll get back to the last set of Dollar Mandy interviews and that will be a show.
So let's get down to it.
List list, best DDR background.
Jamie what did you put down for your number three choice?
Paranoia.
That guy's head is scary.
And I mean old school paranoia.
So the very, very first paranoia.
Alright paranoia it is.
Matt, let's hear yours.
okay mine has to go for in the mood for dancing because you've got that chick
leaning over and just it's got the cleavage shot there so that's it all
right fair enough Dave let's hear your number three choice
mine is abyss because it's got the two like yellow aliens or whatever they're
in the blue background good choice abyss my number three choice is conga feeling
because I like that chick it's very abstract art she's got what the hell is
that coming out of her mouth I like that conga feeling background okay so
Alright, let's hear the number two choices.
Brilliant to you for the mecha thingy.
The mecha dog.
Brilliant to you for the mecha dog.
You're being very old school tonight.
What do you mean tonight? I'm old school every night.
That's true, very true.
Don't send me your votes just yet, Chad, when we don't have a list yet.
You can't vote yet. We have to have a list and then you vote off the list.
Alright, well this would be considered the most offensive background I could find in DDR.
finding DVR. That would have to go to Oh Nick, Please Not So Quick with the guy in the fucking
underwear with the pistol. That's just disturbing. Fair enough. Oh Nick, Please Not So Quick.
Okay, mine is Secret Rendezvous. Secret Rendezvous. Two chicks. Always good. You buy into that
whole Secret Rendezvous is about a bunch of lesbians theory? Dude, they're rubbing up
against each other. Alright, fair enough. My number two choice would be the Afrinova
a background, but the OG one from Third Mix, not the newer one, the chick, the reptile
thing.
Screaming into the thing.
No.
We just, also, by the way, our listeners did not hear what Dave just said.
Oh, I'm sorry, yes.
I said, I thought the one with the reptile was the primeval.
No.
The primeval one's all blurred, it's just- The first one had the person screaming at
the thing.
You got it.
A number one for me.
I'm no longer going to be old school with this. I say burning heat just because it's burning heat.
Fair enough. Burning heat.
Okay. I saw burning heat and about pooped my pants because I was having a Gradius II moment.
Oh my God, I pooped my pants!
Because I was having a Gradius II, you know, orgasmic moment.
I saw the ninja?
Uh, yeah.
Anyway, Matt, your number one choice.
My number one choice is back from third mix. It has to be a get up and dance with the DJing penguin.
and
uh... my number one also has
two things in it
so you got to remember one best d r background
last one on the list of my number one choice
was also on a please not so quick so
it started a revolution what can you say
unfortunately dramatic faces that was a duplicate we're gonna go ahead and let
one more random one on the list we have bradley back in the corner i'm gonna
put him on the spot
you remember anything you don't know anything how in it
hot limit let's
i got i kept getting was a similar
b for you
b for you like people
well how about this one from the charam suggested uh... so i got a private
message just in breakdown with the big blue froggy thing at a break and i
break down
was that part of the or that was not the background
It was part of the video.
I thought it was part of the background too.
The background was...
Oh, that's right, the chick with the shirt, the letters.
Oh, well that's so pretty.
Alright, we're going to go with B for you?
Breakdown?
We'll do breakdown.
We'll do breakdown.
Alright, breakdown it is.
Yeah, I know.
That'll get one vote if it doesn't get eliminated from the list which we're going to do right
now.
Here's our list.
So far we have Paranoia, In The Mood for Dancing, Abyss, Conga Feeling, Brilliant To You, Oh
Nick Please Not So Quick, Secret Rendezvous, Afro Nova, Third Mix,
6, Burning Heat, Get Up and Dance, Sugaru, Breakdown. This is going to be a hard one
to start eliminating from, but Jamie gets the first pick.
Breakdown.
I'm sorry, person who suggested it, but you know, t-shirts aren't that interesting.
Alright, Breakdown's off. Matt?
Alright, I'm going to have to go with, let's see here, Sugaru, because it's just kind of
boring.
Oh, Sugaru.
It looks like they're beating each other with telephone poles. Was it just me that thought
That was like big telephone poles.
Still got to have gone.
Dave, your pick.
Okay, um, I guess I'll have to take off Burning Heat, because, I mean...
Oh!
Well done!
That's it.
I mean, it's not that great of a picture.
Alright, Burning Heat's gone.
This is a hard one for me.
It's not that good of a picture.
I, I like, I like all these backgrounds. Um, there's only one, I have two secret rendezvous's
out of there.
So we like the lesbian.
I, I like the lesbian video but the background isn't all that. The background itself is kind
of boring. The video's good, background sucks. So it's gone.
So here's our list starting at the beginning.
And I'm going to post this in the chat room. You guys can vote now and then we're going
to take a really quick break, just one, one or two songs and you guys will vote. You're
going to have two minutes to vote you have to send me your votes over private
message in the channel or it doesn't count so you've got two minutes and
Jamie's now going to read the list for you guys and I'm going to post it in
chat room sorry there you go thank you we have paranoia in the mood for dancing
abyss conga feeling brilliant to you Nick please not so quick Afro Nova
third mix version and get up and dance so vote now or die all right vote now
or die. Okay, one quick song. You've got two minutes to vote. We're going to play one more
brand new eighth style track. This is Shochiro Hirata featuring Saki with a song called It's
That's alright here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You are the sweetest of you and me, but you're not a kingdom, oh
I just wanted to see everything, cause you were my baby
And you believed in me, and now I know
Get away, oh, get up and I'll kick you
Get away, ooh, and I'll make fun of you
Get away, oh, get up and I'll suck you
It's my way up, but I can't help you
And it's all right, yeah, yeah
Better keep my love, love, love
Feels so light, didn't I know?
Crazy, it's all right, yeah, yeah
Better keep my love, love, love
Feels so light, didn't I know?
When you say my name, I wanna hear your kindness
Because you've been such a blast
So just listen to me, and I'll talk to you
I'm attending to you, I'm saying your sound
But I wanna hear your fucking music now
I wanna dance with the heart of music right now
You don't have to realize that life is just let's get on
Let's get on
This is what I think about
You are my station to me
Let's get on
This is what I think about
You are my station to me
It's all right, yeah, yeah
There's a case for la-la-la
It's all right in an old grave
See, it's the light, yeah, the kick, but la, la, la
See, it's the light, yeah, I know, ah
I'm gonna play, uh, we're coming back, well no, we're not gonna play anything else, we're
just gonna come right back into this, hi, we're, we're looking at the votes, no, we
We need a few more minutes to tally votes here. I'm just gonna play one quick, quick-ass song here.
Uh, hell, let's, oh, this song's only, like, a minute, so, uh, overblast.
What's all that?
What's all that?
What's all that?
I need What's all that?
I need What's all that?
What's all that?
More than that
I believe! I believe! I believe! I believe! I believe! I believe!
Mr. random person on the street, what do you think of the orange lounge pay money music and more show?
Beautiful night, isn't it? It's especially beautiful, of course, if you're a blood sucker.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
That was a promo, a very random promo, a fan promo that was sent to us.
So if you want to make a promo for our show, put your own damn voice in it, do whatever
the hell you want, send it to Orange Lounge Radio, that's all one word, at yahoo.com.
And now, announcing our listless results, I tallied up all your votes in the chat room
and here they are.
They are the results for the listless best DDR background.
In third place for the best DDR background of all time, Paranoia.
For second place, the best DDR video of all time, Abyss, yay, and the very first place
winner for best DDR background of all time, Get Up and Dance, yay.
How about some more dollar, let's hear the last of the dollar MND interviews now, shall
we?
Let's show.
Alright, this is very short, we've only got a couple interviews in this segment, it's
only about three and a half minutes left of interviews, but we do have the interview with
dark sound and the reason why
the webcast didn't work
yeah we're interviews
so go ahead and tell everyone who you are and what you do in the community
hey what's up my name is Fuzzy Hat
I'm basically
the youngest drunkard in the DVR community
and freestyler debonair
so what are you doing in the tourney today, doing freestyle?
I'm doing some freestyle, mingling with some people, macking some chicks, you know
Basically all that good stuff and so who do you think is your main competition for a freestyle today?
Main competition will definitely have to be the drunk Wendell and also the drunk reign of RTF
So, uh, do you have any parting words for the listeners or the community in general listeners of the community? I just want to say that
For six bucks a pitcher of Heineken that fills eight glasses and it's not a bad deal. That's all
Thanks. So now the tournament is over, and my final interview of the day goes towards the man. So, tell us who you are and your history in the band wanted community. Briefly.
Hi, I'm Ruben Avdea, otherwise known as DarkSound, the jerk-off on DDR3.
My DDR history started a year ago with SVM closing, the day I started playing DDR. I've been mountain bikers ever since, I suppose.
A sign of things to come, might I say. Just teasing. If you're out there, Ruben, I'm just teasing.
I've been called a swiggler, an asshole, a jerk-off, and a really sexy guy.
That was me, by the way. They called him that.
Um, so today we had this really cool tourney, and it was cool.
Uh, you got any questions?
Did the tournament, um, for PA or for freestyle turn out how you expected it to?
Um, PA actually took not as long as I expected it to,
especially with the, uh, the added delay of trying to set up computers to work right.
Um, we were planning to have...
I'm planning to have a webcast going at the same time.
Unfortunately, that did not happen because I forgot some cables.
You heard it here first.
He forgot cables.
And that's why the webcast did not happen.
So yeah, it took us an hour longer to set up than we thought it would.
Fortunately, we were able to get replacement pads the other night.
And everything from then on went pretty good.
Any other questions?
how about the uh...
as far as you know who won this and that, what do you think?
uh... i think uh... first and second place for Singles Freestyle was
really close, much too close
i would have actually hoped for a tide and something made that close
Gumby shut the hell up
uh...
maybe you messed up again
maybe i messed up?
what if your face is messed up you fat four-headed freak?
Gumby's in the chat room right now so i might say address those cards and
letters to uh... rubin i think it's dark sound at spiggle
uh... yeah i i i think i enjoyed freestyle it was uh... it was amazing i
wish more people would have
came you
i'm sorry i'm sorry i was going to come but i couldn't
and yet
yeah uh... secrets of our children
uh... so it was incredible uh... manager like
turnout and got some money i had fun no way i didn't do that the raffle thingy
that
enterprise leftover
people just take them? Damn, that sucks. Okay, never mind. But yeah. So yeah, it was an amazing
day. I enjoyed myself. It's going to be a pain in the ass to clean up, but oh well.
And what are your final words for the listeners of Board jobs?
DDR sucks. Go play Mr. Driller.
Okay.
Amen.
Thank you.
And everybody, anybody have final words all at once to confuse the listeners? Absolutely
nothing.
pulled down his pants. Yeah, I pulled down my pants.
Don't be pulled down his pants, and there you have it.
This is my last special interview with Wendell, because he's cute.
Hey, how's it going? We're tired people, and Wendell got drunk.
And may I have my bat? Come back here. That's how it ended. You didn't even really
interview Wendell, you just said, hey, how you doing? I interviewed him
earlier. Yeah, he interviewed him earlier, but I mean, he was talking with a
normal voice that I do want to know when those normal voices there you have it
that was just happened right there so there's our coverage of the dollar
Mindy tournament the first of many tournaments will be covering hopefully
I'll be able to cover one in the future and Jamie did an excellent job with that
yeah thank you for that Jamie here I guess we're pretty much towards the end
of the show is there anything that you guys wanted to add here at the end of
the show. Any final thoughts from the week? One plus one is two. There, I added. The lyrics
to stick around. Well, actually, I have something constructive. It's the sim update for the
week. Let's see here. We've got a DWI 2 version or 2.02 out. Unfortunately, it looks like
the videos in the background don't work anymore. It works and it doesn't work and it works
That's out with the new solo arrows, and yay.
StepMania Beta 6 is rumored to be coming out pretty soon. I hope to see that. That should be nice.
And Team Guilo's site is actually back up. I haven't gotten the actual link yet. It's not teamguilo.com anymore.
It's off of someone's computer, so it's an actual IP address, and I have to find that and maybe post it somewhere.
somewhere and that's about it. Oh, and Turning Mix 2 is still going so check out those entries
if the server is not too clogged. And that's it.
Any other final thoughts from people here? What the hell are you doing? Oh my god, Dave
is like, we have this, we have what we call LSD here in the room, although it's actually
that, I don't know if you remember this from high school, at least it was high school for
me, those little nuclear warhead candies that you could put in your mouth.
It's the liquid version.
Now these are liquid versions, they come in little bottles that look like LSD.
It slipped out of my hand, um, in my mouth.
You almost swallowed the actual bottle, like the whole thing?
Yeah.
He likes it so much, he tried to get the very last of it back into the plastic.
You can just keep that bottle, because I don't even want it now.
That's why it's not safe for three-year-olds, and it's not safe for Dave, either, apparently,
so...
Hey, did I choke?
Did I choke?
I'm still here.
The bottle is in the trash.
You were about to choke.
She didn't do what I do and spit propel water all over the floor, you know, yay.
You're going to clean that up, by the way?
No, I'm just kidding.
This gag was brought to you by Gatorade.
Next week, as we mentioned towards the beginning of the show, Jamie will unfortunately not
be here.
I'm fortunate for us.
Unfortunately, my half.
Yeah, fortunate for her.
I'm going to be in Vegas.
She's going to be partying in Vegas with a bunch of the other DDR freaks, so that'll
be a lot of fun.
Maybe I can manage some interviews.
Maybe you should get us some interviews.
I think that would be a fine idea.
Maybe.
If you can swing. If you're not too drunk...
You never know, the more interesting ones may happen while I'm drunk.
Next week, your co-host will be the one and only Matt, also known as Loki,
because he's been here every other show, so it just kind of makes sense right now.
He's been a big part of the show, so he'll be the temporary co-host.
Of course, he's always in the big...
He's like our footstool, you know.
Yeah, he's...
He sits on the floor, so...
We just rest our feet here?
I'm just going to put my feet right here.
No, he's always been a loyal supporter of the show since the beginning.
Just like everybody here.
Thanks, you guys, for showing up. I always appreciate it.
Uh, any-
We are LeFou.
It's time for the final words.
Bradley.
Mmm, nothing to say.
Nothing to say, as usual.
Dave.
Um, this one's for Brad.
Cunt, cock, bitch, fuck, dick, math.
Ah, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Math.
All I have to say is M is the greatest song in the wor-
Oh, wait, that was V.
Never mind. M sucks.
M is the greatest letter.
Dude, no.
My final thought is tournaments need to be more like they were yesterday with the fun that went on and I had a good time and Matt wants my microphone and he can't have it.
And so is Dave. God damn it! You whores!
Actually, one more thing. I hope when they do post the videos for this tournament that they actually include a...
Basically a mega-mix of all of Ruben's little acts in between the actual freestyle because that was great and I'd love to see that.
Team Dave for life!
Don't forget to listen to our Bimani Music and More program, always playing on the station when we're not around.
Whore out the show to all your friends. We could use the listeners.
But we love you for listening. Thanks for supporting Orange Lounge Radio. We love you. Bye-bye.
Tune in next week. I don't know what we're going to be talking about next yet, but it'll be a fun show. I promise you!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Alcohol is your best friend.
And weed. It's all about the crime.
Heineken and weed, the perfect combination for a summer party.
Only if you're over 21 though.
I don't want you 18 year olds writing me or anything.
I got eyes, I got busts, don't write me.
I still say, bike it in and vodka.
And stay away from Mark Kelly.
And stay away from Mark Kelly, he's evil.
I don't know about 15 year olds that wouldn't have gotten me.
I wouldn't have bought a whole car.
Diablo 2, and then I got Mack on the 14 year old at the junior high?
Oh fuck. I got busted by the cops.
If you ain't drinkin' rut, you ain't playin' rut. Holla!
Sponsored by Heineken, Sapporo, Corona, Spotten Beer, Maui Waui, Mota, and other types of various melwachas to Amsterdam.
And Guinness!
And Guinness!
And all the other Scottish shows, because if there's no Scottish, it's crap!
That's right, fuck Budweiser!
Budweiser's shit beer!
Fuck that beer!
Fuck Tequila!
Tequila's Satan!
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
