All your days are belong to us. Orange lounge radio may contain sexual and adult content and many instances of the f-word which is not safe for children.
One, two, watch the sequel, for three, two, one
God damn you, stop calling here!
Isn't this four, two, one, five pussy Waze?!
You BITCH!
Now let me take this difficult two-one-two-fuck- Ew!
You have no moral self
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and a scorching case of her face
Kiss my grip, mooch.
Mecha lecha hi, mecha hiney ho.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Uh, fucker, yeah?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame.
I'm a fan of my face.
Breathing.
Breath.
Heaving breath.
Heaving.
Whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut while I go listen to my written experience records.
I am your singing telegram
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth,
Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned into the Bimani scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Typically I would be saying joining me as always is my lovely co-host, Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSapra.
I see ice cream.
want ice cream? They're ice cream candies. It's ice cream time! Now you know what the
ice cream time sounds like. Of course, as always, we're joined by many in-studio friends.
Say hello to Joe, also known as Dark Tetsuya. And we've got Irene, the rice princess. Is
there alcohol in vanilla coke? There might be, in that one perhaps. And we've also got
Bradley and Brad I don't say anything I don't like you anyway this is episode
number 10 for August 25th of 2002 we'll be talking to all our guests a little
more a bit later but first we're gonna take a quick break and in this break
we're gonna have all a bunch of Euro mix 2 stuff ooh dear God no but we have to
start here we go starting off we're gonna have vanity angel with fix here on
on orange lounge radio
Can you hear the cheering?
Super performance!
Nice!
Perfect!
Our dance showed us a dream for the future. Tomorrow is another day. You're the one who'll give us hope for the future.
Today or not today It doesn't mean that much to me
Kiss me and set me free
You can do that, you can do that
So what's it gonna be?
A real love for poetry
Kiss me and set me free
You can do that, you can do that
I treat you like a dog, I treat you like a frog
If you ever let me down, you will love me, baby
I am sure of what I want
Tell me what to do
Should I love you like a fool?
Should I stop playing fool? What is good enough for you to make it happen?
Let me say you'll let me go But either way I've got to know
What is good enough for you to make it happen?
What about you?
Come on inside, it's driving me crazy Am I alone to feel this way?
Come on inside, tell me you're the way back Show me that I'm the one to love you like a fool
I been married a long time ago Where did you come from, where did you go
Where did you come from, cotton eye Joe I been married a long time ago
I been married a long time ago Where did you come from, where did you go
I've been married a long time ago Where did you come from, where did you go?
Where did you come from, Cotton Eye Joe?
He came to town like a magic storm
He rode through the fields to ask for help
He was born to a solid father of a gun
But all his trouble was running so fast
I've been married a long time ago Where did you come from, where did you go?
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
this on all the fun together. Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the
best things in life are free. Well, thank you, Mel, for letting us know that one. You're
listening to Orange Lounge Radio and that set we had all Euromix 2 stuff. Starting it
off Vanity Angel with Fix and in the middle there Love Ya Like a Fool by Jessica Folker.
Kind of sounds a little bit like Divas, a little bit of that R&B stuff.
What the folk-er was that, huh Brent?
And of course, if you didn't know that one, probably one of the most well-known songs
on there.
At least I know that one very well, Rednecks with Cotton Eye Joe.
They're either Rednecks, but they spell it the leet way, they spell it a Rednecks with
an X.
Like, oh yeah, they're out to get you.
So I have to ask Melody, if Melody can get on the mic here, because Melody gets asked
this question all the time.
We just played the promo.
Where is Mel B?
Mel's not here.
I swear I'm getting a shirt that says that.
Mel's not here.
No, but Mel's in the same place where Jamie's at.
They're all in Vegas together.
Yes, he's not getting back in Vegas, I'm sure.
I don't think it's any secret.
There's a little moderator's convention going on in Vegas for DDR Freaks, so that's where
they're all at right now.
And every mod has to be.
night away.
Every mod asks me, are you going along too?
Are you going along too?
No, I'm not a mod.
I can't go.
I'm poor.
Unless anyone wanted to, like, sponsor me for a trip to Vegas, it just wasn't happening.
I'm sure Jamie's having tons of fun down there.
She was going to be recording some interviews for us, hopefully, because there's a lot of
well-known people in the community that are going to be there.
Unfortunately, she wasn't able to get the tape player to take down there and tape some
stuff.
So, we're shit out of luck.
But hey, that just means we're just going to have to go around throughout the community
and get the interviews, you know, at other times. And hopefully we get a drunken voicemail
because for the Saturday night program that I do, understudationlive.org, they're supposed
to be leaving a drunken voicemail for that show, so I'm pretty sure I'd be able to use
that drunken voicemail on this show if we can get it, so we'll see, we'll see, who knows.
Alright, I was just given a link to read some results for a tournament that happened yesterday
at the Riptide Arcade in San Francisco.
I haven't been there yet.
I hear it's really cool though.
It's like a golf land in San Francisco is what they're calling it, because they've got
I believe Dance Maniacs as well, kind of a question mark, but I know they also have a
BeatMania 3 7th, which is not a very commonly seen machine.
So the results of that contest were first place was Uncle Fuzz of Dot Half, and second
place was the Asian Harry Potter of Dot Half.
The Asian Harry Potter.
I know a guy that looks like an Asian Harry Potter. It's not this guy, but that's funny.
And then third place was Black Lab of Team P.O.P. I keep wanting to say Poop when I see
that except there's only one O, so it's Team Pop. And fourth place was C. Hop of Team,
and it's got all this leet speak. It's G.E., basically. So congratulations to all those
people. I noticed the real names of the third and fourth place winners, both Ryan. So if
your name's Ryan, you must be pretty good at Perfect Attack. This is only a Perfect
attack tournament. No freestyle. It was just a mini-tournament. So, congratulations to
all those of you that placed or participated in that tournament. Sounds like a fun time.
I should have gone out there. I think I vaguely heard about it, but I didn't know it was this
soon. Thought it was a ways away. Whoops, my bad. Anyway, oh, I'm being yelled at in
the chat room, Team Pop. I have to say hi to Tal, because he'll beat me up if I don't.
So there you go. Why aren't you here? That's my question.
Ah, you didn't get to whore the mic.
Yeah, you didn't get to whore the mic tonight, nah nah nah.
And, uh, thanks to Black Lab for giving me that link,
and he wants everybody to know that he beat Tigger. So, there you go.
Did you say Tigger?
No, no, no. No, no, no.
Tigger is somebody's online name.
It's not like a euphemism for your private parts like it is for you, Brett.
What? No, I don't hear what I'm talking about.
Bounce, bounce, what?
I have to make a correction to last week.
We debuted on the show some new 8th style MP3s.
You might have heard this one, we played M for you.
Crap!
Well, you know what?
They're fake anyway.
That's what we just found out during the week.
It's not confirmed that they're fake, but let's just say it's not confirmed that they're
real either.
We actually took a really good listen to them outside.
Now obviously to suit all you modem users who are listening to this show, we have to
down code the show a lot, so you can't really hear the instruments as clear as we can.
We really listened to that, and it doesn't quite sound like it came off a B-Mania machine.
Possibility it still could be a song, but the Magic 8-Ball says, all signs point to
no.
So...
Well, doesn't DJ Taka have his own website, or was that a talk, or I get confused.
Taka has his own website.
Whatever.
I don't believe Taka does.
It sounds like a freakin' pushpin anyway, so...
It doesn't matter.
That song sucks ass.
I hope it's not real.
I hope no actual artist that would be featured on any Bimani would make that piece of shit.
We'll see, who knows.
But then again, there's Crash, so...
Yeah, as long as Crash exists, who knows.
Breakdown!
What else do we want to say? Oh, next week's show.
And I haven't told anybody in here the plan for next week's show, but I did talk about it with Jamie.
Next week's show, I'm not going to be here.
Because next weekend is Labor Day Weekend, so we get three days off work. So I'm going out of town for the whole weekend.
So we're not going to be doing a live show next week, but what we're going to do on Wednesday night over at Roseville Golfland, we're going to tape the show live at Golfland on Wednesday night and we're going to air it on Sunday night.
So I hope all you guys can make it out to Golfland on Wednesday night. We're going to tape the show out there. Patron harassing will be encouraged because we don't get to do this very often.
So, somebody already suggested we play the counterweight trick on Beachhead with some
unsuspecting people, and we're going to go out there and we're going to just have fun
with it.
We're going to run around.
Who knows?
It's going to be a crazy show.
It's going to be a very experimental show.
We don't know what we're going to do really at this point, but we are going to be taping
next week's show live at Golf Land this Wednesday night.
I don't know an exact start time, so after seven at some point, but not too late, because
you know, I have to work on Thursday, so I can't say all too late, but...
I guess we could say forget about having any tournaments there any time in the near future.
Well, who knows, we'll see what we can do.
Management might not like us after Wednesday.
We'll see.
And I don't care...
Any other plans for what you guys want to do on Wednesday over at Golf Plan?
I'll be bringing, yes, I'm very obsessed.
I'll be bringing my mobile editing computer with me for edits.
You're going to kill people with your edits.
I finished...
By the way, tell people, you know, this is a national show, we've got people all over
the U.S. who are participating, so not everybody's going to be able to participate in this, but
maybe for some of the Bay Area local people, tell everybody about your edit contest coming
up.
Okay, well I have an edit contest.
Normally, I've been posting on the SAC reminding boards.
Basically the edits fall in two categories, you have freestyle and then you have hell
it. It's a really fucking hard edit. And because I work at a video distribution company, normally
prizes are a whole bunch of DVDs. And I can say this much that I won the last edit contest.
I won the freestyle portion. I literally must have gotten hundreds of dollars worth of DVDs.
So much stuff. Insane. Cool. And like screeners of stuff that wasn't even released yet. I
saw American Psycho 2 before any of you. No, I didn't watch it. It didn't look good. But
Because I have it. And you don't.
Tons of anime DVDs for sure. I know that first place is going to get Lord of the Rings and both awesome powers movies.
That's for sure. And then I just have both of them.
Just a bunch of crap. It's first and second.
It takes what, a half hour to make a decent edit maybe?
Nothing to enter. It's totally free to enter. You just have to be there.
At some point, I was trying to do it where I could have people submit edits online to me, but that got to be too confusing.
No, that's not fair. They gotta be there. They gotta be there in person.
Yeah, so you have to be down at Sun Splash in order to enter.
Yeah, that's about it.
Cool. I want to give you a free plug for that.
Well, this time around, hopefully since I've got that nice little laptop, hopefully everything works. I haven't gotten them set up yet.
I'll be able to copy the edits from people's cards and actually be able to post them on the internet when I'm done.
Well, I finished my hell edit today, so those that saw it, don't say anything about it,
but it's going to be good, I think.
I hate to stroke my own ego here, but I think you'll like it.
Well, also speaking of edits, my edits are now on the SoCal Kicks website, www.socalkicks.com.
And actually, maybe we can get the winners of the contest to get all those edits.
Maybe if we kiss enough ass with SoCal Kicks, he'll put all those edits up for us.
Who knows?
I'm sure.
I'll be sending them some more at some point, just have to get them making some.
Sounds good.
I was trying to think of more housekeeping things I wanted to talk about.
Obviously the Bomani Music Amore program, always on this station when we're not live.
All sorts of stuff from Dance Mania, all the DDR, 2DXs.
We've been updating that with new MP3s here and there.
We're going to be hopefully getting much, much more music soon because we're going to
have to buy some more space, so that'll mean way more music.
And basically our philosophy of the Milani Music Award program is don't play the stuff
that sucks.
Basically we already voted the worst Milani song in history on this program next to Let
Them Move is Bye Bye Baby Balloon.
You'll never ever hear that song on our playlist, so we're only playing the good stuff.
So if you have any requests, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
I've been getting a few new remixes here and there, some mixed things.
I might play one of those later in the show.
towards the end of the show I got one during the week it's very interesting
it's a hybrid of two songs that you wouldn't imagine together so we might
play that towards the end of the show if we got some time if you have any fan
remixes go ahead and email me about sending those to me at orange lounge
radio at yahoo.com and Jamie and I'll look them over and maybe we'll go ahead
and put them in our playlist but I ask that they be you know kind of remixed a
lot like don't just you know reloop the song in a sound editor take clips I'm
adding like you know put some new instruments in there take some vocals do
new things with it kind of remix it a little more than just you know five
second remixing job what else I want to say there was something I don't know
anyway I don't I don't make notes where are my notes I do have some notes let's
see did I say I wanted to say something else about something they could email me
about what are they paying you for nothing I don't get paid for this you
Huh?
I don't get paid for this.
Isn't that a travesty?
Well, where's my money?
There was something else that I was going to say they could email me about.
Ice cream?
Requests.
You can always email your requests if there's a song that you're not hearing in the Bomani
Musical More program, or on this show you can always email us your requests and we'll
get those to you as well.
I'll think of it.
It'll come to me later.
Could it be songs that you'd like to hear in Bomani Musical More?
Right, requests.
Yes.
Okay.
Requests.
I don't know.
Oh well.
We're being demanded in the chat room to do this little segment that we usually do when
Jamie's here, but when she's not here, we fill in for her. It's called the Fuck You
of the Week. Does anybody have a Fuck You? I know I have a Fuck You of the Week.
I have a collaborative Fuck You. A collaborative Fuck You of the Week. Alright,
let's hear it. Your Fuck You of the Week. Oh, wait a minute. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Sorry. That's Jamie's music. No. That's Jamie's FU music. I gotta play Matt's FU music. I'm
I'm sorry. Matt's F.U. music is much better. No, no, no. Matt's F.U. music is much better.
Agile will like this. You'll like this, Brad.
Okay, now you can do your F.U. of the Week. I hate this fucking music.
See? See? It makes him angry. Anyways, my F.U. of the Week has to go to Kaiser
to go to Kaiser for renting out RVGL for the last three days what the hell I mean
I've seen company parties last you know a day or something but why three days I
mean it seems a little I can see why I used to work for Kaiser their ass holes
fuck you yeah well they're not assholes I don't know I don't know anybody for
there but you know they're rich enough cuz they're doctors and shit you know
That's why they can, the only reason why they do this is because they can afford to.
Yeah.
What?
The point is, what do they have to do at RBGL?
I mean, they're not playing DDR, are they?
You know, I'm imagining some physician trying DDR or Drummania or something, and he's like,
whoa, rock out, yeah, you know, like reliving his youth because he's bald and, you know.
I broke my fibula.
Exactly.
Exactly maybe they're doing research or something. I don't know
For three days or maybe they're just too stupid and uh, you know just I don't know what I want to go down and party
So we're just gonna leave the weekend open leave it open
Well, I can say that also the folks that work at Kaiser work some pretty effed up schedules
Like I have a friend that works there who's working at 1130 tonight
So imagine you know if they were only doing it for one day and you had to work, you know
That would kind of suck.
So two days, but three days, and on the weekend, not only any weekend, but the weekend before
school starts for most people, if it hasn't started already, it's kind of, what a bunch
of bitches.
I mean, they must have had to pay.
I was scheduling.
My mom actually works for Kaiser.
I don't get to see my mom for long stretches of time because I decide to go out in the
daytime.
That's when she's asleep because she works like 2.30 to 11 at night, and then weekends
too.
So it's like, okay, hi mom, bye mom, see you later, walk by.
it can be kind of screwed up. It's kind of like when dogs pee pee on trees
and stuff, they're marking their territory, they're showing their power. That's what Kaiser's
doing right now. They're showing their power. They're peeing on our DDR machine?
If they do, I'm going to kick their ass. Oh my God.
They're going to die. No health insurance can bring them back from
the dead that I'll take them to or something like that. Somebody help me, quick.
I told you to do it somewhere else.
That sucked because I couldn't go down and play DDR down there all weekend long.
I mean, I could understand missing out one day, but I haven't played in, like, a couple weeks.
I'm starting to feel like drawls.
Stop me with that goddamn song!
Ugh! I hate that thing!
Kaiser steals your soul!
We are pizer!
Kaiser, wave!
You didn't have that mic off, did you?
No.
Okay, yeah, don't turn it off, because it'll turn them both off.
I didn't, just checking, just checking.
We have some FUs from the chat room
that would like to be shared with all of you out there.
If you want to join our chat room,
you're just going to join any other side IRC server.
That's one of the servers in your list.
If you have M-I-R-C, that's in your list.
One example server you could join
would be IRC.eggheads.org.
And you're just going to join Channel Pound Orange Lounge.
And that is the same server, by the way,
as most of the big Bamani channels,
DDR Freak, 2DX Style, DDR Spot,
I'll have their chat rooms over on Other Side IRC, and we do as well.
Orange Lounge.
Some FUs from the chat room.
SoCalKicks says, fuck Pepsi Blue because it fucked up the camera that he borrowed from
his friend.
And I guess what he did is there's some kind of, it has a crappy cap on it, he says, that
I guess must have went flying and conked the camera in just the right way, that one of
the lines, the LED lines, doesn't work.
And now he's in deep poopy.
so uh... fuck you pepsi blue from socal kicks
uh... a big fuck you from black lab to a minute extended mix because it's the
song that he lost to on p a competition
so
fuck that song
you know uh... it only takes a minute girl from max two yes
uh...
well that's
what it's called extended mix whatever shut up brad
uh... another f u uh... idiots who get balloons and suck the helium out and get
on the second pad
and talk without weird helium voice when i'm doing a cat up
that's from twenty three one six
i myself would find that quite humorous actually you know
cat is it's it's kind of you know
do you have to say it's it's getting a little repetitive you know it's get a
little boring
you know when the modifiers will shuffle it up enough you know get somebody on
their talk with helium. They should have that kind of... That's an idea for Wednesday, write
that down. The announcer starts speaking like he has a helium voice, that's what I do. That'd
be funny, like, you know, some sort of modifiers that get the announcer to make fun of me.
God, you fucking suck. Get out the damn pad. Yeah, what are you doing on the stage, you
crack whore? Don't even put your money in, you're going to fail anyway. Before you even
get on the machine
that reminds me of we borrowed a i'd just
recently acquired a jps you and got a copy of the are max that
is
theories crashed up so
you know when you choose a song it's already doing you
you have to take you to one
and it's all right i was going to go on and it's
it's it's not as a part of a combo mel had a combo about three hundred is
started booing him out of nowhere. It was great. It was like The Exorcist meets DDR.
Does it vomit pea soup if you get a certain combo?
Maybe out of the memory card slot. I didn't try that.
Ew. Maybe for a 666 combo.
There is vomit coming out of the slot. Okay, anyways.
Yeah, that would be pretty funny. Or even a great prank would be to hook up some sort
of microphone or something to the actual speakers and when people are going in to put in money
you start yelling through their own remote mics, say from the upper balcony from sun
splash and you're just yelling down, you suck, get off the stage, and they're like what the
hell?
Well we can just do that from the balcony, we don't need a microphone.
No, that brings up an idea though that I thought about when they had a guitar freaks and drum
mania session is to have a microphone slot so you can do karaoke with them while they're
playing.
Of course, I wouldn't try to sing because I already know I suck, but Rob's really good.
We should play one of your songs, Rob.
No, we shouldn't.
I'm...
SoCal kicks in the chat rooms being an attention whore, and he's whining that I'm not...
I didn't do his second part of his F.U. of the week, so here's his second part of the
F.U. week.
He says, fuck you to Echo for making $58 pants and $38 shirts.
He spent $270 there yesterday.
Well, if it bothers you, why didn't you spend $270 bucks?
That's what I don't get.
Go to Walmart and get $14 jeans.
Ross.
Ross.
That's what I'm saying, dude.
Ross.
Target.
Oh, I'm styling.
I'm representing when I'm wearing my...
Kmart has Joe Boxers now.
Sweet.
That's how you impress the ladies.
Joe Boxer.
Trust me.
Just look at me.
And uh, Tal gives a big F-you to guitar freaks.
Because it's been broken.
For a few weeks.
Okay, but that's what we want.
Does anybody else have an F.U.?
I think we've got all the F.U.'s.
How do I have an F.U.?
I have an F.U.
Oh!
I'm the special guest.
Since you're the special guest, you get a song.
You get a song, too.
I have to find a song.
No, no, no.
We've already done Petite Love for somebody.
Let's see.
What am I doing?
Let's see.
What can I think?
I'm like all bouncy.
Okay, you know what?
You know what I'll give you?
Yeah!
I'm going to give you Like A Virgin.
You are such a liar!
Anyone who knows me knows this is a trap.
Anyway, my F.U. of the week is to Santana Row in San Jose.
Anyone who's in the Bay Area knows Santana Row is this gigantic complex.
It was going to be housing and shopping and all this shit.
It burned down.
You get to see this giant Santana Row opening September 19th with it in major flames in the background.
background we're talking 11 alarms biggest fire in San Jose's history now
the reason why this is a nephew of the week because I found out they were going
to be charging for these condos okay they have condos in there fifteen
thousand dollars a month who has that kind of money for a freaking condo every
month so you know what I don't feel bad for them anymore because if they can
find that kind of money to be charging for a condo they damn it they deserve it
to be burned down preach on sister they have like golden toilets in there or
I think we're going to go to a quick break and we'll come back and talk about some more
things.
We're going to talk about USAs going bye-bye, being replaced with some new machines locally.
We'll talk about that coming back from break.
I'm going to do a request this break, this is a request I said I do last week and I didn't
so my bad.
I'll do it this week tonight.
One other thing I did want to say before we go to break, when we said we're going to be
taping next week's show this Wednesday at Roseville Golf Land, some people said, why
don't you come out to the other golf lands?
Actually, over this next weekend, while I'm out of town, I'm actually going to be in the
bay, so it is very possible I'm going to be dropping into some golf lands.
I know I'm going to be hitting Sunnyvale Golf Land, I just don't know what day.
Maybe Sunday, maybe not.
You're kicking something there, sweetie.
Are you?
Oh, no?
Oh, okay.
wasn't the router, because then the show would have just gone bye-bye.
Anyway, yeah, I will be out doing some interviews at some of the Bay Area golf lands.
I just don't know where and I don't know when just yet, but it will be sometime next weekend.
I'll post an announcement somewhere appropriate when I know more about where I'm going to
be.
And if I run into you, I just might interview you for this program.
Alright, let's go to break here.
This is a request I meant to get to a few weeks, or last week, and I didn't, so here
it is.
Radio.
Ooh, la-da-dee, la-da-da
Take me any way you please
Boy, you're making me scream
Ooh, la-da-dee, la-da-da
You gotta dream of your dream
Oh, one more time, I'm back with a new rhyme Hey, here we go again, I'll just turn it up
my friend No, we don't stop, we rock the spot No, we don't quit, get very honest is it
Ooh, I like to dream, mama, do you like to scream?
There's nothin' left to check the screen
If you wanna check the screen
Boy, you're makin' me scream
Ooh la da dee la da da
Check me any way you please
Boy, you're makin' me scream
Ooh la da dee la da da
We don't stop, we rock the spot, no We don't stop, we rock the spot, no
Everybody over there, hands in the air
No, we don't stop, we rock the spot
No, we don't quit, it's very hard to do it
Dream a dream lover, take me in a dream
Take me anywhere you please, boy you're making me scream
Dream a dream lover, life is just a dream
If you wanna set me free, boy you're making me scream
Ooh, ya da dee, la da da
Check me any way you think
We're in the industry
Ooh, ya da dee, la da da
You gotta dream of me today
Come on baby, let's dream a dream together
A dream that is real
Dream a dream, nothing just a dream Take the every real thing, for you're making
me scream Dream a dream, nothing just a dream
If you want to let me be
Looking back when I was a child and dream
Moving my journey without me
Having faith it will set me free and fly away
Looking back when I wasn't sure I'm clear
Causing my family taking come to me
Having faith it will set me free and fly away to
Everywhere
I could do anything
I can get up and I won't
I get love from the one I love
Hey baby, looking back when I wasn't shared and bled
Those in my carry didn't come to me
Not if it's easy and if we don't fly away
I get so beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
portable
After a long time come to be a man
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, or at least most of you were.
I'm just hearing in the chatroom that there was a dump, and most of you got dumped, and
And I can tell that most of you got dumped because my listener count updated and there's
a whopping one person listening at this very moment.
And it's probably me.
It must count me.
We love you, one person.
Yeah, we love you, one listener.
I don't know what happened.
Live 365 must have taken a dump or something and you all got dumped as a result of it.
So I apologize.
But it sounds like if you all reconnected, of course, obviously if you're hearing this,
you did reconnect.
So there's no point in me saying.
So tell anyone who was listening it got dumped that you got to reconnect and sorry about
So Cal Kicks says he's the one listener.
I don't know though, it updated and then he said he got dumped, so I don't know.
I think one person managed to stay connected and the other ones that we had on there dropped,
so I don't know.
That's crazy.
When you said you had to take a dump during the break, I didn't know.
Not like that.
High mouth humor.
So I've been trying to make some new promos for you.
You like the Captain Jack one?
Alright, Melody about to pee her pants on there, that's good.
When Melody soils herself?
I don't know.
Well, I mean, it's good that she liked it so much, it's not, you know, if she peed her
pants that wouldn't really be a good thing, I'd have to, you know, clean the carpet and
get smell in here.
Can we go one night without potty humor?
No.
Potty humor, potty haaaat.
One thing we wanted to talk about, some news that we got this week.
At the Golf Land chain, which is a pretty big chain out here in the west coast of arcades
in California and Arizona, where one could argue that DDR was kind of born and nurtured
between the Golf Lands and the Metreon and some other locations like Arcade Infinity.
was one of the big players in getting DDR exposure. Most of their arcades have a Dance
Dance Revolution USA machine, and then some other kind of mix. Most of them have Max 2
by now, I believe. The news came over this week, and this still should be considered
a rumor until these machines are actually there and in place, but for all practical
purposes, it's pretty much been confirmed, all the USAs are going out and being replaced
with 4th Plus machines. So, which is good news because 4th Plus is a very cool mix.
It's much better than USA, that's for sure.
I don't know, man. I like USA.
You like your one foot songs, one foot freestyles, huh?
Man, what am I going to do now if I can't play anything greater than a one footer? I
mean, what am I going to do? I'm screwed.
You can't play B.O.L. over and over.
Does that mean that El Remo Tropical is going to finally get a rest? That they don't just
hit the first song that they see you know because if you we found this out
when we had fourth mix if you just keep hitting the first category that's up
have you never been mellow just like the old days so and apparently fourth plus
bootleg kits are only like $200 if even that 175 bucks I mean I'm being told in
chat room, so pretty darn cheap.
What do you think this means?
This is very interesting that USA is kind of disappearing, I guess there's always been
this kind of urban legend, urban Bimani legend, I don't think there's any truth to it personally,
but they've always kind of said that, oh well, Konami doesn't really mind the Max 2s and
the import mixes as long as they keep the USA machine there too, you know, they're kind
of supporting the USA Bimani.
look at Stockman Golf Land, they never had a USA machine, very true, very true, import
machines. Like I said, I think it was all just kind of hearsay, but you look at the
Metreon, they're not allowed to have anything but USA machines. You can argue the movie
theater upstairs has two Max 2s now, but they're not owned by the rest of the Metreon, they're
leased or whatever, so they don't have to play by those rules. You know what I think
about it? Bullshit! What, the bullshit that they had to have a USA for an import? Does
Does anybody else find it really odd that Konami, I mean Max 2 is, they are literally
everywhere now, everywhere, there's DDR everywhere and there's pretty much no USA machines left.
It's pretty obvious that Konami is not putting out a new USA mix anytime soon unless they
do it kind of out of thin air.
It's going to be something they announce and have out on the street within a month.
All the new USA stuffs for the home mix, obviously we had all that stuff a while back about Konami
closing their coin-op office and all this, but that doesn't mean, you know, that doesn't
I mean, Konami coin-op is shutting down completely. They're just going to have a third-party distributor, most likely.
Let's just put it this way. I mean, if you put a 1-5 machine and a USA machine next to each other, it's like comparing two JOGA songs.
Sure, they're going to be a little bit different, but it's not much better. It's just pretty much the same thing.
So, it just, USA sucks. Everyone's tired of playing it. They're like, eh, oh, yay. I'm like, 20 songs I get to choose from.
Let's see, 20 songs or like 100 and some songs? 20, 100 and something. That's a tough one.
I think, I mean, and plus you got Battle Mode. Battle Mode's cool.
Although the little kids will fail faster. So, you know, they'll get off the fucking machine so I can play.
So, yeah.
Yes.
Excellent.
Is this kind of weird to anyone else that Konami just doesn't seem to care, that the
economy of USA does not seem to care that all these Japanese mixers are coming in and
taking over?
And if they do put out a USA second mix, it's going to have to be damn good or else nobody's
going to blink an eye.
Well, it might not be that they don't care, but you know, Imports, sure, they're not bringing
money to KOA, but they're still getting exposure to it.
Exactly.
And bringing in the PlayStation.
Exactly.
other places like we're used to having a million DDRs all over the place but
I'm sitting here thinking okay I have grandparents and family in the Midwest
and Missouri if I want to go back there anytime I'm not gonna be playing DDR
because there is none within like 75 miles of the town they live in and it's
one of the bigger towns back there some of these people only see it on their
vacation they only see it like if they're going on a trip for some reason
they don't have the option to just drive five minutes to a golf land and play DDR
they're gonna see an import but be like hey that's cool and go buy it for the US
playstation
it's kind of odd that they're using the japanese machines to do their promotion
for the u s a mixes i mean
it obviously if they don't profit from these u s mixes on on the home versions
they're not going to keep going with it
true but look what they have to work with
technically supposed to have to work with is the u s versions right
let's just put it this way how much does it cost licensed music in japan
versus how much does it cost very true which is a big thing to say here
although Max is going to be pretty cool because it's got 20 new licensed songs, not in any
other mix of DDR.
They knew that USA wasn't anything special or great or anything and I think that they
realized that all the imports are getting all the business and they're not even going
to bother because they know we're fine with all of the imports.
On a somewhat related subject, we have in the chat room, Roo makes a very good point
here.
Why is it that no one ever watches The Good People on Max 2, they always watch The Newbies
on USA. If you see a USA mix right next to a Max 2, nobody is ever watching. You could
be playing the hardest catastrophic on that. You could be playing Max Unlimited over on
the Max 2 machine. Somebody right next to you is doing so many men one-footer and they're
getting a huge crowd. Why is that? Because no one can read the arrows if they're new
to it and they're watching people doing catastrophic. The other thing I thought of is also, well
Well, we all started back somewhere. It kind of brings us back to the nostalgia of,
wow, I remember when that song was hard, now look what I'm doing.
And a lot of people see a lot of Catastropics. There's honestly not that many newbies anymore.
They're just the people waiting up to go play.
And so, you know, you figure, okay, the guy that's playing the Catastropics
is probably going to pass this song, the next song, the song after that,
whereas the newbie is probably going to fail pretty soon.
Who's going to get up to play first?
So you think it's kind of like an assembling of the wolves thing, like, let's watch them
fail.
You know?
Yeah, and that when you throw stuff at people, but yeah.
It's somebody else on Twitter, Black Lab says it could be American Pride, it's just they
see USA, it's just like, hey, it's a red, white, and blue mix, we gotta support that.
Yeah, on the next machine they put in, like on the fourth plus, they should say, fuck
you American capitalist pigs on the thing, so that they don't look at them anymore.
Maybe they'll stop looking at us.
Yeah.
like the attention I thought you were attention or bread no no no put down your
microphone Rob no but give me your microphone this is the Brad show all
Brad all the time thank you here I mean you can join you know what they should
put on the next mix of DDR and like country West on dancing oh no oh god he's
he's got a sound clip. Oh, he's gonna play something. Oh, sorry. I mean, didn't you just
hear this? Oh, damn it, Rob. I'm gonna burn down your trailer. What is that? Oh, it's
the all American DDR. You might be a rednecks. Does this version of DDR have like, you know,
cars on it too
yes it's DDR mixed with silent scope
DDR mix and duck hunt, thank you melody
complete with the dancing dog that you can't fucking kill no matter what you do
well they need to have in the background the guy calling out the square dance commands and stuff
in the background there
everybody do-si-do
up, down, up, down
word and
don't forget you have to like
drink and smoke too much
i'd just got booted from i r c so i have no idea if this broadcast is still
going i i think we are i think we're ok was to keep going like we're doing a
normal show will see what happens
who home do you know
if not it's one for the monday night archives i guess that
i don't know
which is odd because it's not even trying to reconnect that might just be
i r c blow up so uh... these connect will see
okay i don't know what's going on to keep going
uh... all of the show
so i was playing at the idea of the other day
i felt this weird feeling in my uh...
acts and i was like so max three hundred
Sorry, I'm sorry, but we're trying to remedy the IRC situation.
All I know is, I'm not very comfortable at this moment right now.
That's all I have to say.
Did you ever see that scene in Screamers where the guy's head exploded?
I'm having a very good time, people like me.
Thank you, I think that's what I was on, you need to do the other server.
Rob?
Let Bradley take care of it.
Let Bradley work on the situation.
I'm kind of monitoring the broadcast to see if we lose our listeners again, because it might be us.
I don't know. We'll see.
Anyway.
Code red! Code red! The building's on fire!
And if you don't reconnect to IRC, I'm going to set the building on fire.
Okay, that's Milton from Office Space for anyone who didn't know.
It's been confirmed the Taliban have attacked Orange Lounge Radio.
hahahaha
do not be afraid
uh... we we got the i r c situation fixed a little underline everybody be
alert
are you alert
i'm alert
what is alert i want to know what alert what happens when she breaks down as
everybody goes nuts you know we have very alert
excuse me can i check we know about jamie here tonight it would all fall
apart so just you know
Fuck the show! Let's just have random quote night.
Maybe we should all go join her with a warp core breach in Vegas. Road trip!
Little does Jamie realize we are standing behind her as she is seeing it right now. Won't she be surprised?
I'm hoping to get the phone thing so I really want the phones on this show because I want to be able...
I don't so much want people to be able to call us, but I want to be able to call other people.
I'm really skeptical of having random people call this show because there's, I mean, no
offense to anybody listening, because I'm sure you're all intelligent, but there's really
a lot of idiots out there in the Beaumont community I don't want calling this show.
Why don't you just have a phone in here and put it on speaker and dial out or something?
Yeah?
Well, I don't know.
It would sound kind of crappy.
It might work, but it would be kind of crappy.
But of course, we do have two microphones.
The only problem is, it might sound kind of weird for the person on the other end.
it might work, we could try it. Well, I could maybe borrow something that I have at work
that we could hook up to the phone line where we could plug it into. I always like it when
people want to steal things from work for the show. Oh, I'm sorry, long-term borrow.
Oh, borrow? I have a paper clip from work. Anyways, back on the... Our chat room is foaming
Anyways, um, back on the, uh...
Our chat room was foaming at the mouth with the idea of phones.
Here, I'll call, let's call, let's call.
Anyways, yeah, we should probably be back on the, uh, on topic here.
I remember, actually, something was said in the chat room that jolted...
Remember that thing I was trying to think of earlier that I couldn't think of,
why I wanted people to email me at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com?
No.
If...
Some people were listening last week to our dollar mendi coverage of that tournament that happened a couple weeks ago.
If you want to cover a local tournament in your area, if you've got a tape recorder, you can get some decent sound.
If you want to cover a tournament in your area, go ahead and make a 5-10 minute news piece on your local tournament.
And we'll feature it here on Orange Lounge Radio. If you can make an MP3 of it, send it to us.
Because we'd love to hear it. We don't want this to just be a California or Sacramento show.
This is for everybody, especially if you're not even in America at all.
If you're one of our listeners over in Europe or Japan or whatever,
Definitely, tape something over there and send it to us. We'd love to play it on the show.
Get in touch with me at OrangeLoungeRadio.Yahoo.com and we'll give you all the information.
In the chatroom, I know that you posted my edits. In fact, I saw that you didn't have the names on there,
so I sent you another email with the names. And they're also in the zip files, all the information about the edits.
Check that out.
Well, I was still kind of going on this 4th Plus thing now that we realized we haven't lost the whole damn show.
Do you think 4th Plus is the best choice to replace USA or why?
Because it's like the best mix.
It's got like pretty much a little bit of everything.
You're going to find most of the songs from other mixes before 4th on there and it doesn't
have any of the crap songs on there.
Also a lot of stuff that was on 5th Mix or anything like that is already on Max 2 anyways.
Like most of the stuff that was good.
What about the fifth mix?
Yeah.
So, I mean, fourth plus seems pretty good.
I think it probably has one of the most, you know, the largest, you know, sound collections.
You're not going to miss all the third Koreans that get replaced?
Wah!
Wah!
Do they take out all the fifth Korean songs?
Well, only half.
You know, the non-third plus Korean songs like Starion, Hoggism, those ones are not
going to be there.
Those weren't in fourth anyways.
Yeah, Baquah. They're in there. Yeah, fourth plus.
Ooh, Baquah. Oh, yeah.
Don't you just want to play beautiful 21C over and over and over and over?
Because I know people that do that.
You know what?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, good point. Good point.
Twen in the chat room says,
fifth mix is slightly better because it does not have let them move.
Good point.
You'll just not play it.
But anyways.
Yes, Brad.
I don't have anything to say.
the microphone. You don't ask for the microphone, you don't have anything to say. Let's play
what is this link I'm being sent in the chat room. I'm guessing it's for an upgrade to
fourth plus and showing how expensive it is. Ah no no, somebody is selling their screen
name of Satan. Super elite. You know what's funny is that one of my good friends is Morpheus
on AOL, and he's had this for years and years. Of course, right after The Matrix comes out,
about 50 different Neos start messaging the poor guy, you know, going, oh, I'm Neo, you're
Morpheus, where's the pills, da-da-da. Just like stupid 10-year-old kids thinking that,
you know, I don't know, a random thought. Actually, it's probably, like, 30-year-old
guys now, like, have nothing to worry about. Chatroom has a tendency to be able to derail
the show in like two seconds, flat.
If you want to join our chat room, any other side IRC server, channel poundorangelounge.
I have a different topic if- Go for it, what do you want to talk about?
I was thinking about another tournament here in Sacramento.
Okay, yeah, we want to do one, yeah, so.
So when are we going to do one?
Well, when the place is let us.
There's some things going on at one of the local arcades is looking into getting a brand
new machine you know what I'm talking about a very wanted machine but we don't
know if it's going out with kind of one of those things where we aren't trusting
the rumor until we see it for ourselves there in the arcade which is you know
what most people should do instead of spreading rumors um we're kind of
waiting to see if they get that machine because if they do get that machine we
want to have it there and do two kinds of tournaments do DDR and for the other
machine because there's a lot of demand for that kind of tournament I know what
That's what that new machine is.
Boonga Boonga.
Yes! Boonga Boonga Tournament. Very first. MAMBO Tournaments!
Okay, but no.
But anyway, what about our Bimani liaison that's over at RVGL that's supposed to be set up a tournament.
knows how to set up a tournament, but I smelled alcohol in his breath.
No, I'm just kidding.
I didn't.
I didn't.
Sorry, what?
Did he drink vanilla coke?
Would you please explain the vanilla coke and alcohol joke for our listeners?
Okay, so Irene is sitting here as we're coming into the show with a glass of vanilla coke
and ice asking everyone, does this taste like alcohol?
We're trying to figure out if someone spiked your vanilla coke.
We're still not quite sure.
It was like, seriously, I've never had vanilla coke with ice in it before, but it tastes
It's so strange now. It seems like someone put alcohol or GHB or something in it.
I'm kidding.
I gave you the date rape drug, Irene.
I want to go to my room and get fresh.
Oh, that's how you got pregnant.
Well, we weren't going to mention it now, but next segment, Irene's going to be on our webcam.
Hey, we have to earn the money to play those songs somehow.
Yeah, okay, yes, oh yeah, oh yeah, that topic, yes.
Yes, Irene.
Isn't it kind of boring to have PA and freestyle anymore?
Well, I think it's kind of one of those things where you have to.
I like the idea of doing PA, freestyle, and then something experimental, or at least kind of shaking up the rules enough that it keeps it interesting, you know?
as opposed to like, you know,
we're just gonna qualify in the top 16, I'll play head-to-head,
and then we'll have a winner. Wild Jerble PA.
What?
Wild Jerble PA.
You're just gonna let loose Wild Jerbles on the machine?
Or if somebody messes up, it's just gonna be BOOM!
Boonga Boonga!
Oh yeah. You know, I'm thinking like, you know,
routines are good.
You know, people can spend a lot of time and prepare
their routines instead of someone going up, oh, you know, I think I'm the shit and I'm
just going to pay my five dollars in PA or something. I think routines. We should focus
strongly on routines. Like, you know, people actually thinking of something to do and,
you know, making it look nice and stuff as opposed to someone just doing hand slaps and
all that stupid shit.
I agree. We saw some real shitty routines at SCAT and that's because I can tell you
why. It was from the people who would get up there at the registration desk, because
I was sitting there at the registration desk, and there would be those people that would
up and go, well I don't know if I should enter improv freestyle or routine freestyle. Well,
what song could I do a routine to? It's like eleven o'clock that morning and they're just
going to pull a routine out of their butt, they have no step charts with them.
I don't know anything, I don't know what you're talking about there Rob, it's not like I got
up there thinking I had memorized the song and it fucked it all up.
It's wonderful because if you saw Loki enter the tournament I think he was one of two people
to fail his song. And he actually knows the song he was doing by heart, and he knows it
on stealth and everything. I'm sad to see that you, by technicality, place underneath
some of those other people, but you know, it's just technicality.
I was thinking, like, maybe we can have a DDR Couples routine thing.
Well, you've seen that done before, like, you mean like, couples who sleep together?
Yes, couples that suck.
But you know, this is the thing.
Well, you got them, she's suggesting that Rice Princess and Michael Stoudier are a couple.
Yeah, I don't know about that.
A couple of what? I don't know.
A group thing.
What? What the what?
No, okay, this is what I was thinking.
Yeah, sweetie, I get it.
Shut up.
I don't know if our bed's big enough.
Hey, punch you in your throat.
Whoa, shit.
What I was going to say is that this is going to sound very discriminating, but there is a reason why I would say it.
i would think only that the couples and it would only be
male female
and only because you know that there's going to be to go later pater no no no
this is why here's my rationalization discriminator your discriminator here
might be
too
really good guys that are going to pretend to be
day or something and what i entered together
and you know do some routine and blow away everyone else
the only that's all
blow up a little a hot hot hot
the only issue i see with that though is that you know male-female
honestly there aren't that many female freestylers out there so it kinda makes it kinda difficult
but hey i think i'd pay money to see mel b act gay with some other guy
hahahaha
that was not good
okay once again mel b is not gay
i know he's not i have proof to you but i'd pay money to watch him act that way
just watch him pop pop
Oh, you're right. I saw that.
What about females and females?
You know, two females wanted to get on there and do some secret rendezvous action.
No, I'm kidding.
Hater!
No, no, no.
Homophobe!
No!
I hate you!
I hate you, Rob!
Sit down. You don't know me.
Why do they get silent all of a sudden?
Every time I talk.
God.
Fuck you, log!
Is that such an inside joke?
No.
Unfortunately, no, we haven't dropped.
Actually, we're at a ratings peak right now, I don't know why.
We haven't brought up shirtless Emi or anything, but somehow...
No, that's three-titted Emi, okay? Get it right.
Speaking of which, Konami hasn't released any more of the DDRPC characters.
Very disappointing.
Valencia and Guy, last week. Pack number two did come out last week.
We covered that last week. I'm talking about number 3.
We thought they'd be doing them every Friday and they missed a Friday. Shame, shame.
It'll probably be out on Monday instead.
They're trying to get Paul Terry to do the motion capture.
What do you want to bet Paul Terry is one of the unlockable characters?
Nice.
Shirtless, three-titted Paul Terry.
nayoki and polla terry
as one giant mecha dancing machine
nayoki and polla terry form to be vultra terry nuke something
nuke terry
there you go
i think now is a good time to go to break what do you guys think
terry
terry bull
The second one.
The second one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think that's...well whatever.
Let's go.
Re-Re-Remix
We need this...
Solid snake, solid snake, solid snake, can you hear what I'm saying?
Roll it down the ticker, man, they want you back
I'm gonna kick your asses, beat them, kill them all
Dom, what am I gonna do?
I've heard of a thing called Game Like This.
I want to see you turn around Make sure I reach out
Smile at me
Max, don't have sex with you, Max It will make you like a black smile, Max
Baby, take it easy Max, don't have sex with you, Max
It will love you off your legs Oh, Max, be cruel and just relax
Relax, relax, relax, relax, relax
Oh, Max, Max
swag
swag
swag
swag
swag
I'm in love with you and I love the hats, I love you both and you be true, I don't know
what I'm gonna do I gotta warn you
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
You wanted to add something to that, Irene?
Oh yeah, I was going to say that this last break was brought to you by the letter N.
Yep.
And why is that?
Oh, because all the songs, their titles started with M.
Oh, very good.
Would you like to name those songs for our listening audience?
No.
OK, then I will.
You heard Metal Gear Solid from Beatmania III
by the Spaceyo Brothers.
Metal Gear Solid II Mission R by LED from Beatmania VI PlayStation.
From 2DX Fest Style, Orange Lounge, our favorite with Mobile Moga.
and uh... a little clip of max don't have sex with your acts two thousand two
by erotic
and thanks so-called kickster sending out one of the and then begging me over
and over again to play it so there you go
uh...
let's talk to melody she's our special guest here tonight
melody yours your special tonight
uh... you put them i couldn't click just pretend you know we're gonna get some
head there. There you go. You got to get nice and close to your mouth. Wow! Thank you. I
appreciate that. You don't have to. Yes. So you happen to be a machine owner, correct?
Yes, I am. Now, because there's a lot of people's fantasies to own their own machine, you know,
I don't know what they, as they're thinking about late at night, as they're following
Is it everything it's cracked up to be?
Does this machine vibrate?
If you jump on it really hard, yes it does.
Anyone?
What made you want to get a DDR machine?
I like DDR and Mel needed to get rid of it.
So I talked really nice with my mom and said, Mom, I need money.
She gave me money and I bought it.
I did it the lazy way.
How often do you use it?
It kind of depends on what I'm doing.
If I'm kind of busy during the week, I'm like, eh, whatever.
Now you have a Solo 2000 machine, correct?
I have a Solo 2000.
Since you got your Solo 2000 machine, have you played Solo 2000 in the arcade at all?
No, because there's only one in San Jose, and I don't know where it is even.
It's in the middle of a Super Kmart, I think.
You know, they just got a brand new one right at the street here in the mall.
Yeah, I should probably look at that, but why pay for it when I can set it to six songs for free?
Well, honestly, I'm just curious, because a lot of people say,
oh, even if I had a machine at home, I'd probably still play in the arcade occasionally.
Now, of course, you do play in the arcade still Max 2 because it's not the same as Solo 2000.
There's almost nothing, you know.
Solo has a lot of songs that don't appear on any other mix, like My Baby Mama, stuff like that.
So, you know, strut your funky stuff and lots of stuff.
And it's not like you can play 6 panel.
That's Glenn's favorite song.
It's not like you can play 6 panel much anywhere else, too, which I'm just teaching myself how to do.
I play it normally, it depends on what I'm doing, I can play it anywhere from every day
in a week to not even once a week, but it's just in my backyard, I'm bored I'm going to
go play DDR.
Are you looking into getting any of the upgrades possibly, like a fourth mix plus?
Eventually, maybe.
If I can find a way to keep the Solo 2000 preserved, because I like it, it's a rare
enough machine that you're not going to find it everywhere on every street corner, so if
there's a way to preserve it and I get money, you know, providing I ever find a job, yeah
I probably will do something with it.
You know how I was telling you a little earlier off the air before the show, Melody, they
have a bootleg, or I don't know if it's bootleg or what, I think it's bootleg, a 5th mix upgrade
for a solo machine.
I'm actually being given a link to a website here that shows you how to upgrade your DDR
5th mix to a solo.
Wait a second, 5th to solo or solo to 5th?
Upgrade your DDR solo 2000, 4th mix or 4th mix plus machine to DDR solo 5th mix.
So I never knew that you could do that.
I thought that you couldn't do that.
It must be some kind of interesting hack to it.
So it's definitely not official.
This site is not official looking at all that I'm looking at.
And I'm not going to endorse it over the air, because they can pay me if they want that.
It's not like the solos had hell anyway, considering it's been broken and it had to be sent to
KOJ to be fixed.
So apparently it's about $1,000 if you want to upgrade that puppy.
That's kind of a lot.
another solo for On the Cheap and I could do it that way, upgrade one that I don't care
about.
Back to the original thought, it's really easy to just hop out there and kind of play
whatever I want and amazingly I haven't had anyone really over to play it yet.
I keep saying, yeah, you want to come over and play solo for free, but the schedule's
never really worked out.
I'm coming next weekend.
Oh, so you want to come over?
Yes, I'm going to come play solo for free and maybe we can do something and tape something
for the show, so I don't know.
Hey, that works.
We'll see what we can do.
You keep it outside? Yeah, actually you can keep a DDR machine outside as long as it's
undercover and you take good care of it. I've got the pad
I've got the pad and the bar because I have the one that actually has the bar
and the real pad, not that raised shit.
But, yes, I have an actual bar on
the machine and it's an actual single pad. But as long as you just keep that covered up and keep the rest of it
just careful, hey,
it's fine. It's survived a winner already outside. Plenty of people in the chat room are
saying, I'll come play, I'll come play!
Do I need to give out my DDR frames to DM me?
Hey, money talks, you know?
Have you found ways to make money off the machine?
No, I'm the only one who plays it, so...
You don't take it out to make appearances to places?
Eventually that might be in the works.
Not really that there are some ideas that are being kicked around with using it in conjunction with some other things.
That might eventually happen, might not.
What's that place that the other one got kicked out of?
San Diego!
place it there, and make a little money off of that.
I thought the idea was, I think this was actually an idea that came up on the show,
I think this is something Jamie suggested a few episodes back,
that we get a truck, get your solo machine if you're willing, board it up on the
truck,
drive down to San Diego, and play at the parking lot all day long.
See, that's one of the reasons why I'm glad my machine is not listed in machine
locations. When I saw that, I almost was ready to email that chick and be like,
I dare you to take away my solo, bitch.
they're saying in the chat room we should go on a California tour
Orange Lounge, we'll just put the machine in the back of a truck and get a go
that you know that might actually be I think we need to do we need to look into
something like this like when all the Christmas parades come up
we should enter like the orange lounge crew or something we get a DDR float
get some of us playing on the solo machine that would be awesome
and we'll have drinks with arrow shaped ice like I found
I found an ice cube tray that's arrows
we'd have the Shriner guys drive around in little carts right in front of us
behind us we'd have the high school cheerleaders going woo woo
you know and then right at D.D. Arnold's. If we have high school cheerleaders back there half the guys are going to be looking at that and not the arrows on the
screen you know this
get a U-Haul that's an idea. Get a U-Haul and have a mini tourney inside the truck I think you
might click yourselves it's kinda
asking for trouble or the machine. Don't let me drink it. Oh you want to say something
Joe? I don't know he was kinda doing this I wasn't sure if he was doing
Fight the power! Fight the power!
Those cheerleaders, they need to be dressed up like the nurse from I'm Alive.
Should we get them giant syringes so they can ride up and down on them?
Oh! You know what, Melody, you and Irene, let's get you some syringes.
We might be able to get Jamie a nice syringe to ride up and down on.
Actually, I'll tell you what, Jamie, I'm sure would love to do her Emmy cosplay.
cosplay she's got a great Emmy costume she could do are we dorks or what better
yet next year we could do the pride parade because everybody knows that DDR
is really gay so we you know that the thing about getting I'm kidding
backpedaling here a little bit but the thing about the ad that you haul and
playing a tournament you all that brings up an idea for a new type of attorney PA
thing PA while you're accelerating and decelerating and stuff from 50 to 60
miles an hour, then stomp on the brakes and try to not...
...backing up in here, roommates garage.
Hey, inside joke.
PA on Bay Area highways.
That would add an entire new element of difficulty to it.
If you win, you get to stay on the truck.
If you lose, out the window you go.
Yeah, if you win, you survive.
Roll, grandma, roll.
Make sure you roll when you hit the ground, right?
I could insert a lame stop, drop, and roll joke here from the last tournament, but none of you were there, so I wouldn't get a laugh from this room.
Oh, you were there, right? Yes.
I would laugh. All right, there you go.
Okay, then. Remember, stop, drop, roll.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
That was a classic Orange Lounge moment brought to you by...
Yes, Melody. Melody as well.
Eventually, as far as I know, a Solo 2000 tournament might be a possibility, and hey,
I know a Solo 2000 that could be used for it, if people bribe me.
Everyone drop me a PM.
Oh, should I spell the name?
They say that with throwing people off the truck thing, rate the bar for dear life, because
your Solo has a bar.
Hold on to the bar for dear life.
Hey, I've got a bar on there.
I'm already getting sponsorship offers here from various websites that want to promote
the DDR in a U-Haul tourney.
Alright, hey, how about this?
Now speaking of raping the bar and stuff, we could put, okay, for our next PA tournament,
we could put a nice little hot wire attached to the bar so when someone goes to grab the
bar, they're met with a nice little jolt.
Zap?
You know what?
That's not a bad idea.
We should do that for the next Sacramento tournament, for a perfect attack, we can hook
up a little, you can do that with like a battery thing, hook it up to the bar, and just a little,
you know, if you touch the bar, you get a little zap.
Yeah, bolt two, bolt two, motherfucker.
You're a dork.
Oh, surprise!
Surprise!
Hey, look at my shirt.
I got this new shirt.
I see your shirt.
For the people in the radio land who can't see it, it's an 8-bit theater shirt, my wonderful
Irene got this from me, this is wonderful.
Everybody at the store stares at me and goes, what a dork.
But they did that anyway.
The chat room is saying it would be like that pain station pong game, have you heard of
this?
That pong game that you play?
And if you fuck up and the ball gets out of the zone, you get zapped.
Your finger gets zapped.
This is a real thing?
It's the pain station.
Yes.
It was some Dutch guy I think came up with it.
If you can give me a link to that article, I'd love to look at that.
We came up with an idea of Timmy and me or something like that.
It was a Beatmania with a foot at the bottom, and when you messed up, the foot would kick
you in the groin.
Didn't we come up with that?
That was like our second episode or something.
We said the DDR would have the vibrating foot.
This is something I thought I'd go on.
Any other thoughts on tournaments?
Machine ownage or I don't know.
Machine ownage is cool.
Do it.
Everybody should buy their own machine.
Yeah.
To do it, press A.
Oh, I've been given a link to the pain station.
But seriously, it is pretty cool to be able to just say,
I want to play DDR, I don't want to have to deal with anyone,
I don't want to have to deal with lines,
I'm going to go outside and play it.
And honestly, if I could get it inside somehow I would,
but in my house that just doesn't really happen because I own too much crap.
Okay, the pain station is basically a game of Pong.
The only difference is that if you lose,
the pain execution units will hurt you.
Pain execution units?
There's a heat lamp which burns your hand,
an electrical circuit which shocks the hand,
and a whip which rapidly whips the same part of your hand
over and over very fast with a wire.
Says Volkar Marwau, co-creator of the Pain Station.
I keep wanting to say PlayStation.
And why did this become popular?
We can't help but wonder what the designers were going for
when they came up with this torture game machine.
It's the PlayStation for Sato-Masticus all over again.
Morale says, I was always interested in combining computers and the real world, and I wanted to create a computer game.
We decided we would do a game with pain, and we picked Pong because it's easy to play.
The pain station brings in the body and makes you feel the media, so it's a new experience.
They've tried it before with the biofeedback and rumble packs, so it's a logical progression to go from rumble pack to, you know, being whipped in your finger.
Because there's more to video games than nice graphics.
Can I make a comment?
Yes.
They already have this, it's called Chrono Cross.
Hahahaha.
Wah wah wah.
Is that what happens when people on the street are calling you all about the player?
You know, you're the player who's putting in lashes and you have to like, walk to me.
Oh wait, Brad, this is for you.
There you go.
Thank you, thank you, I'll be here all night.
Take my wife please.
You're married?
Not anymore.
Oh, oh, Brad you got from SoCalCakes, you got a, oh no you didn't just diss Chrono Cross,
oh no you didn't.
Okay, okay, okay.
Oh no you didn't.
Let me explain, I don't need to feel like I have to, but Chrono Cross is a good game,
but you can't compare it to Chrono Trigger, just don't even try, I'm sorry.
It's a good game.
For me to poop on.
There you go, thank you.
I haven't played it enough to form an opinion.
Radio light is common. There's usually about a 30 second delay between us and the chat room hearing it.
So, topic?
You want a new topic?
Should we?
There is a topic?
Topic?
Can we talk on the show?
Topic.
Alright. Let's talk about...
I can go over what's going on.
Oh, I know what I want to talk about.
Or we can do what you want to talk about.
Well, what do you want to talk about?
You go ahead. We'll talk about your subject. We'll take a break. We'll come back and do what I want to talk about.
Okay, well, brief, uh, Sim World update here.
Alrighty.
Okay, uh, Turning Mix still going on, um, for some reason the files are still down, so I have to wait for those to come back.
Um, NMR of, uh, Team Guilo is actually going to be posting, supposedly pretty soon, a, um, all the EuroMix 2 DWIs.
So that'd be pretty cool, we'll get to play the EuroMix 2 tracks, you know, over here.
And that's pretty much it. No new simulators out there. There's been a couple actual...
There's a new DWI FileMaker, but I haven't gotten to try that yet.
That's about it. Pretty boring.
Okay, and Robby, would you want to talk about that?
Alright, great. Oh, yes. DarkTootoo, do you want to say something?
Yes, I just wanted to mention that I was working on some new result screen skins for Bomania DX, featuring the...
Well, I took the skins from 2DX style and created skins with them.
Cool. Right on.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break and I'm going to start off with a little remix that was sent to me.
This was something I was talking about earlier in the show.
Twenn did this and it's called Let Them Paranoia and it's very scary.
Wait till you hear it. Here we go, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
go.
Let's not move on
Let's not move on
Let's not move on
Let's not move on, let's not move on
uh... big thanks to twin for that two minutes of hell
uh... back to some music we hope you like your own response radio
No, no, nobody does, no, nobody does No, nobody does, yeah, baby
Ma yah, baby, yah, yah, yah, yah
Baby yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Can't save me, can't save me
Bye bye baby balloon
Bye bye baby balloon
Bitch, get a new song, an open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 10.
They said we would never make it... your mic is on, right?
Yes, okay, thank you.
You are listening to episode number 10.
They said we would never get past episode number 2, and here we are into double digits.
Episode number 10.
I wish Jamie was here to celebrate in this moment as well, but I know she's off having
a great time, and so...
Still have her warp core breeze, we'll have our alcoholic vanilla coke.
That's right.
So next week is going to be, we're calling it episode ten and a half.
It's not really going to, because we're not here in this video, so it's going to be episode
ten and a half.
But then in two weeks we'll come back to episode eleven.
All new intro, all new, everything.
It's almost going to be like we're giving the whole show a face look.
Why are you going to have a new intro?
Keep things fresh.
Keep things lively.
New.
You've only had ten shows.
Well, it's just, I want a new intro.
You know how many times I've ever heard that intro?
It's a completely selfish thing.
I've had to hear that intro too many times.
Because I can make it better.
But it's a good, why fix it if it ain't broke?
But we're going to...
Because I'm a man, and I like to do that.
Our new intro is going to feature Polteri!
Yay!
Okay!
Anyway, oh okay.
This was something I was thinking about a little bit earlier today.
I know, I was thinking, imagine that.
DDR on the Game Boy.
Have you ever seen this?
What the fuck is the point? Can somebody explain to me what the fuck is the point of DDR on the Game Boy?
Those who can't afford to get the cool stuff, they have to go with the crappy stuff.
Okay, now wait. Come on, we play DDR like button-button revolution. There's not much difference. Oh, except for the, what is that, a 3-bit sound processor. I guess that is a kind of...
Well, it's for those people out there that are just hardcore DDR players that need smoking and having the patch on at the same time. You just can't get enough of it.
So, you're willing to settle for the little Game Boy version, too, when you're driving to the actual arcade or that kind of thing?
New tournament thing. Bring in your Game Boy DDR thing and play the song on the Game Boy and the arcade at the same time.
And we tie your score together.
That's so cool!
The combination of the score.
No, it's not.
You're right, it's not.
Yeah, I know. I'm just trying to make it sound exciting.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
No, no.
I thought we could play some game here in the studio.
Okay.
Because I don't know if you guys have ever heard the Game Boy renditions of your favorite DDR tunes.
tunes. I thought maybe we could play some of those tunes and see how long it's going
to take you guys to guess what the songs actually are.
Name that tune, DDR style?
It's name that tune, DDR Game Boy style. We're going to hear some of these. Anybody
can answer, so when you think you know, I'm going to set this mic down, and when you think
you know, grab the mic and say the answer, okay? I'm just going to set it down and don't
grab it until you know the answer, okay? Now, don't look on the computer screen at the name
because it does come up on the screen, but I'm going to trust you. We're using the on
your honor system okay kids you're on your honor okay there's a there's a jar
full of mints for the retard society and it says on your honors that's what we're
doing here okay oh yes I'm gonna put it down
I'm going to start off with a really easy one, okay?
Something from Naoki.
No.
Butterfly?
Yeah.
Yeah, I rule, that's right, uh-huh.
I'm that geeky, woo!
i was going to get the but you know that
uh... yay
like the new song
all right
it
and you are there we not
rock
I've got the funk in my trousers for sure!
Next song please!
Whoo-hoo!
My Summer Love?
It was like, I knew it, but I was like, shit, what is it?
I hope you all enjoyed the Mr. T rendition of My Summer Love.
Is the mic on the ground?
Here we go.
Alright.
Doobie Dub.
Doobie Dub.
You know what I mean, goddammit.
Alright.
Sounds stupid.
I can't think fast enough.
Yeah, here we go, here we go.
Dream a dream.
Yes.
See, the solo comes in good for something.
Fortunately, you get NOTHING!
That's paranoia!
Oh, it's dropout!
AM3P!
How long is it?
Just think J-Dog sliding around.
OK.
So that song, that beat?
Here we go, here's the next one.
Paranoia?
Yeah, there you go.
I'm not sure if you guessed that last time.
Two more, here we go.
These are harder ones.
I think this is harder.
I believe in miracles!
Oh, great quiz.
You gotta really know your mixes to get this one, so
thanks to everything you got, okay? Here we go.
Sky high?
Yes.
Sky high?
Sky High?
You know what's sad is the AM3P remix is actually probably better than the 303 bass mix on the Konomics there.
That's pretty bad.
That's all I got. What do you think was better, the AM3P remix on Konomics or the Game Boy version?
I can't tell.
Guess what, they were the same.
And if you want to find those, they're actually, I believe, the Aaron in Japan site.
Yes, those are ruthlessly stolen from Aaron in Japan's site.
But they're actually labeled as, he's got, at aaroninjapan.com, he has this thing.
It's called DDR Man, which is like a hack for Mega Man 2, which is pretty cool.
And you can check that out.
And he calls that the soundtrack.
Really?
Because those are all ripped from the Game Boy games.
So, I don't think it says there that they're ripped from the Game Boy games.
I'm not sure if he's aware that's where they came from.
If you're looking to actually play the horrible Game Boy versions, you can find the ROMs on bemoningstyle.com, also they have the links there.
Now piracy is bad, young man.
Only if you own the cartridge, and you have to delete it 24 hours after you, if you don't have it.
That's such crap.
I really need to go delete about 500-some ROMs that I've got on my computer right now, because it's been 24 hours.
And then one minute to the next minute you re-download them and then delete them in the next 24 hours.
I know, I know, I know, I know, I just wiped my hard drive, I need to go start...
Hey, I also only have 56k, I'm sorry, we're not in the Bay Area where everybody's fiber-optic.
This is turning into a penis-sized competition.
This is a guy from Florida says, I got 600 Game Boy ROMs.
I got 600 Super Nintendo ROMs.
I got 1,400 NES ROMs.
I got 400 Genesis ROMs.
So, uh.
And you know what you can do with those?
I don't need to say.
You know what I'm saying.
Play them.
You can play them over and over.
That's right.
He's been too busy downloading the ROMs.
He's like, I don't have time for girls.
I don't have time for anything.
Give me my ROMs.
Hey.
Oh, I think he yelled that in a minute.
What?
Why is SoCalCake saying I don't have a life?
Because he's mean.
Yeah, it's just because I download stuff at work
instead of actually do work, you know,
because I have a T1 line there doesn't mean anything.
I'm just good at multitasking.
You're not a slut, you're a time saver.
Let's see, what other topics do I want to talk about?
Oh, I don't want to talk about tonight.
Matt, since you're kind of our unofficial, official co-host tonight, you've built your
own metal pads for DDR, correct?
Yes, that doesn't really help my argument that I have a life outside of DDR.
Well, so I'm great that we can go from that topic to this topic.
Tell us about what a pain in the ass it is to build your own pads.
Oh, it's a very big pain in the ass, especially if you don't know how to solder like I do.
So my pads actually are really, really, really ghetto.
They have, all their connections are actually all electrical tape.
It's really crap.
But it works from now and then, it only comes apart if I throw it in the back of my car
and drive around with it.
But they're pretty cool.
It's basically based off the DDR at home pads, and I believe there's a huge thread in DDR
Freak with directions on those.
I was about to say, where did you get the schematics on how to build your metal pads?
Well, a long time ago when the melting pot was online, we used to get them there, but
actually there's a huge link to about a 98 page thread that's on DDR Freak under the
DDR at Home.
It's pinned to the top.
You can find all the links there, and what I did a little bit differently than what they
had on there is instead of taking actual PlayStation controllers and wiring them to that, I ripped
I used to part my two old home pads at Softpads and wired them to that because they're a hell
lot easier to wire to because it's just a big, huge, flat metal thing you have to solder
to instead of drilling the hole in the controller and getting the solder on there perfectly.
I tried it the other way and it was really hard.
Then for the arrows, I just took the same pad and chopped up the arrows and put them
under plexiglass and it looked cool.
What are some other home pads you'd recommend commercially out there on the market?
there's a lot of third-party pads and pads out there other than the official
Konami pads is there anything out there that you you'd endorse well I've played
the because I was looking at software etc today and they have these mad cats
pads and they look so stupid like you so I don't know how well they play but they
look awful they look like cheap 50s come on everybody let's square dance type pad
when it comes down the soft pads are pretty much all the same as far as the
insides go I mean really the only difference between the Konami official
soft pads and the third-party ones is they've got these like really thin
almost like tape like ribbon tape or something like that inside them they're
actual you know what the electricity goes through and you'll basically have a
thin piece of foam that's in there with holes in it and then when you step down
on that piece of foam it makes a connection between the two layers of
like I won't call it tape. The difference between the third-party ones is the
third-party ones have almost like it looks like almost like a barcode going
across. They've got just small, thin layers going across, whereas the Konami official
ones have just the whole solid layer, so you probably get better connections with the Konami
official ones. Also, on the top of some of the Konami ones, they're textured differently,
which doesn't really do anything.
Have you ever seen the Dreamcast ones that have that funny little layer over the top,
that like this weird kind of, it looks like tracing paper or something over the top of
the pad? It looks very odd. It's very cool, though. I don't know if you've ever seen them.
Very interesting stuff.
Now, taking a step up from the softpads, you've got the ignition pads, which I've played these
at Fanime, you know, this year, and everyone says they're really cool. I hate the things.
I think they fucking suck.
Now, wait, I think we've got to, you're talking about the ignition pads?
Yes.
I think we've got to counter-argument here, because Glenn here, Lolo, who I haven't introduced
yet, he's in the studio, he actually has an ignition pad, and what do you think?
I have one of the new ones, the Ignition 2.0s, and that's how I passed my first Cata. So,
I can pass Dynamite Raid at home on that.
Okay, well, you know, in my defense, I played Ignition 1, Pat, so.
Yeah.
Obviously, they've probably gotten better. The problem I had with the last one is, even
though they did have raise buttons, which was nice, the problem was is they're raised
so much. When you're playing on them, it just feels weird, and it actually, you know, really
hurt my ankles after just playing about one song. And they were pretty responsive, but
it was just, it hurt the hell out of my ankles so I couldn't play anymore.
It's still not as good as the arcade, but I could pass a cata at home. I mean, that's
all I have to say. I could pass a cata at home. And you can't do that on a Konami official
pad without being halfway across the room when you're done, you know?
Okay. Then, let's see. Now, step up from those pads, you've also got the metal pads that
out there now. There's the Kevin K. pads, which Kevin K. has been really getting reamed
over because they suck. He has horrible wiring on them. Then there's also the new six panel
metal pads out there. They'll run about, I believe, 200 bucks a piece that you can actually
find online. There's tons of links in the DDR Freak at Home forum. They look alright.
I haven't gotten to play on any of them. But, you know, if you really want to go the same
route like I did and build one, it cost me about $200 a pad.
That also includes that I had to buy the tools to do it because I didn't have a saw or drill
or anything like that, so I bought one of those.
So it really probably ended up being about $150 per pad.
You think it's a profitable business to be making your own metal pads and selling them
over eBay like some of these people are doing?
Nope.
Not at all.
After the cost of building them, which is roughly about $150 per pad,
let's just say you're building the same one I had,
and then you have to charge a little bit more to get some profit off of it plus shipping,
you're only going to be making about $10 a pad and it's a good 40 hours worth of work.
It took me 40 hours to build two pads and I built them at the same time.
And plus having to maintain some sort of website or something like that so people can get hold
of you.
Plus having to answer people's stupid things like, ah, it's not working anymore, and having
to replace it.
It's just, it's not worth it.
There's a guy that tried doing it a while back, Beat Gear, which were like $400 for
these pads and stuff.
And I don't even know if anyone's actually gotten those yet.
I think maybe a few people that have gotten them, but that was like almost a year ago
I think.
It's just taken forever, so I wouldn't recommend, you know, actually starting a business that
way.
Just make your own and be done with it.
Seriously.
But the next thing I want to build is Dance Maniacs sensors, which would be beautiful.
What would you play with, though?
There's no Dance Maniacs home version.
What would you do?
There is a nice skin and all the step files for that old Delight Delight reduclication.
Oh, an emulator.
An emulator.
Alright, cool.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break and we're going to come back and wrap up the
show.
So you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio and as would be fitting, I'm going to play
a request.
Somebody wanted to hear some more Orange Lounge, the artist.
So here you go.
Oh
Yeah, I'm just feeling love
I need some new love
Ooh, yeah
I need some new love
No, no
I need some new love
Okay, okay
I need some new love
Ooh, yeah
Do you believe in love?
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Under Sedation Live with Travis, Ron and Jessica, Saturdays, 6.30 p.m. to 9.30 p.m. Pacific Standard Time at under sedationlive.org.
Orange Lounge! This GDR sucks! Holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla!
Yes!
GGPO!
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We're coming back to pretty much just about
wrap up the show here. Not a whole lot else to say. Well there was one quick thing I did
want to say. Oh yes, so it's Jamie's out of the state tonight. She's off in Nevada in
I thought, does anybody have any interesting playing DDR out of the state stories they
want to share?
Like not playing California?
Because California, if you ever looked at where all the machines are located throughout
the nation, California is by far the biggest, you know, most well populated with DDR.
Any funny stories about playing DDR out of state?
Do you have anything, Melody or Matt?
Yes.
It's not particularly funny, but back when I was playing at, oh, trick level, I happened
to go to Reno and was playing on a USA for the simple fact that's all they had.
The Nugget, I think it was, and I scared the hell out of the locals.
I guess they thought they could only do basic, and here I come in and I have, like, La Seorita
trick, and I nearly fall in love with the thing, and they're just like, oh my god, look
at her, and then I go to dub-by-dub advance, they're just like, oh my god, look what she's
doing!
I'm just like, it's not that great, come on, people.
That's about the only experience I have.
I'm waiting till I go back to the midwest to really scare the crap out of them right on and I hear there's some pretty
Good arcades in the midwest though if you can find them. Yeah, if you can find them, uh
You have anything to share Matt?
Well, my first game of DDR was in Lake Tahoe. My first game was in Vegas. Yeah, and
That was pretty bad. But anyways, um while back I went down actually it was during my birthday. I believe last year
I went to
Lake Tahoe and Reno to, um, you know, go gamble because I was 21, and, um, so, I went there
and I got to play, um, a third Korean that was in Circus Circus, and that really sucked
because they had the stage pushed right up to the machine, so it was like, playing and
hugging the, uh, screen at the same time.
I love DDR!
Seriously, it's, it's pretty bad, and I had a bunch of, like, drunk old people staring
at me, like, what the hell is he doing?
Why is he stepping on that machine?
What's he doing?
Well, I hope Jamie's having fun out there in Vegas and I'm sure Melody wishes that Mel B's having a good time too, yes?
Just not too good of a time.
Just not too good of a time, you know. As long as she's staying in the Vegas city limits and not going to any houses outside of town, everything's good.
That's the end of the show folks.
And remember, any bribes for wanting to play Solo 2K can be PMed to SharksGirlSHARXGRRL.
Nice little plug there. Good night, Melody. Anything else you want to add? Thank you for being our very special guest tonight. We appreciate it.
Thank you for paying attention to me. I've been lonely.
Well, I'm glad you were a little more participating in the show because you didn't have a migraine or anything like that.
It's amazing how much more lively and human you are when you're not in agonizing pain.
Well, I'm glad we get to see this side of Melody, and Dark Tetsuya, goodnight to you.
Any final parting words here?
Nah, word, sharks, girl, I know that.
Anything else you want to say?
Goodbye to the folks out there.
All your fans out there.
Yeah.
You got some fans in the chat room.
Really?
Yeah.
Sayonara.
Sayonara it is.
Bradley, anything?
Any final comments?
Not really.
All right.
Brad and Irene are out in the...
Oh, bye.
Okay, Brad and Irene are out in the back getting cancer, so on behalf of them, I say goodnight,
And anything last from you, Matt? The co-host for this evening.
Yes, after today I'll have to revert back down to guest instead of co-host. I'd be willing
to step down, yes, as of next week.
You'll be willing to step down. Next week is going to be a special show. Definitely
tune in to next week's show. It's not going to be live, but it'll be pre-taped like a
live show. It'll be interesting. Experimental show for you Labor Day people.
I'll make another painful edit to commemorate the show.
Yeah, sounds fun.
On behalf of everybody else, thanks for listening, you guys.
We'll see you next week.
And if you missed any part of the show,
we'll be doing a Monday night replay tomorrow night
from 7 PM until 1 o'clock in the morning.
A special three show rebroadcast of Orange Lounge Radio.
See you guys.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also
known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
I run with gays.
Oh, yeah?
I run with 12 gangs, and we only commit hate crimes.
Whatever, I'll do what I want.
Whatever.
You ain't bad.
You ain't nothing.
I ditch class and go shoot heroin in a school bathroom.
Whatever.
I ran for Congress and won.
Then I had sex with an intern, killed her, and hit her body.
Whatever.
I'll do what I want.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
