Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, prepare your brains for a huge retcon, one that takes Mario down a notch or two, allowing him to only be able to rely on the skills of his entire gaming history.
Stay tuned for this and the rest of the week's gaming news, hopefully not all as shocking, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on September the 10th of 2017, episode number 699 of our show.
Here to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with all of you guys out there on the entire internet, all of it, and my co-host here in studio, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers up first.
Sup?
Hi, how are you?
I'm full now.
You're full? Full of garbage? I'm just kidding.
No, you ate my food and it was delicious.
Yes, yes. DarkSakura cooked a chicken or something. What was-
Well, Dan, I made Dan grill it, but I marinated it.
Oh, you worked together!
I made a marinade.
Aww, it was like a very husband-wife thing to do, cook together.
Yeah.
Aww.
Did you enjoy the week off? How was your labor day?
Laborious?
No, I was out in 105 degree weather watching Peppermint perform.
Yeah, yes, I missed all that. Well, I mean, the rainbow festival and all that that you were doing sounds like it was awesome, but the heat wave? No thanks.
I went home pretty sick.
I think it says something pretty strongly that Atlanta was having perfect weather. The humidity wasn't even that bad, or I'm just used to it now after five years of Dragon Con.
The humidity wasn't even that bad. When I was reading all the stuff back home about 115 degrees here in Sacramento, I was like, nope. No thanks.
I went out to work the rainbow festival, and it was nice doing something good for the community, but there were fewer vendors than there were last year. Last year was actually my first year going.
But I have to say, though, Taryn Through You was, of course, the hostess, local queen, who was always amazing to watch. And Mercury Rising performed, who's another local queen, who is also just a really nice person.
And then finally Peppermint came on stage and sang.
Oh nice.
Like legit sang, didn't lip sync.
Okay.
And it was a really good performance, but by the time I was done with it, I was way too hot. And so I couldn't get like cool until I got home under the cold tap.
So it was really bad. I got a little hot heat sick.
Yeah, the heat was no joke. I would not have wanted to been out in it if I was here. So I'm kind of really glad I missed it for that reason.
Yeah. Well, I also missed him. Say hello to Techmaster Loki. How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
And happy birthday early. Tomorrow is Loki's birthday, for those that are unaware. What, 36?
37.
37?
In a row?
Oh, there we go. It's this year. Yay. In a row? Thank you, DarkSaga.
Well, happy early birthday to you. And I noticed that the misses kind of went in on a gift for you with you. Obviously, it's your money too.
Yeah. I mean, not to play it down or anything, we were shopping for a car. Anyways, it just happened that we found on this weekend.
Sure. So you got a new car.
Yeah, I got a brand new car.
Nice.
So I had a 2008 fit and I traded in for a 2017 fit.
There you go.
And now it's not red, it's white.
Okay. And the next one can be blue because America. Exactly. Even though it's a Japanese car. But I have something. I was going with some sort of-
I was going with Mexico, I think.
I was going with some sort of reference there. Great. Well, happy early birthday and glad to hear you got the new car.
We'll check in with everyone's gaming weeks in just a little bit and get into our kickoff topic.
But first, I want to say hello to our chatters over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And some folks in chat tonight commenting that the quality of the show seems different, which is weird because I did not make any changes except I uninstalled and reinstalled Skype to get that to work.
Well, I also have a new microphone.
That's right. Loki does have a new microphone. So that might be worth mentioning because some of you guys were mentioning a couple weeks ago.
I think we found there was a short in the cable or something like that. So Loki may sound different. I would expect that.
But I wouldn't expect the entire quality of the show to be different. That's the weird-
God, no. Lower those expectations.
Well, we'll see. Hopefully the podcast sounds the same. Maybe it just has something to do with the live broadcasting or something. Who knows?
I don't know. Maybe it sounds better. I don't know. Anyway.
Hey, if you are discovering Orange Launch Radio because of Dragon Con and the podcast track of the Dragon Con event, I just want to say hi and welcome because the podcast track was awesome in having me on several panels this year.
And I got to do a lot of networking. I had a great time at Dragon Con. This was my fifth year there. And I almost feel like this is the best one yet in many ways.
And a lot of great motivation coming from Dragon Con and the podcast track. I really want to thank Brian Dunaway from Film Sack.
And I want to thank Charles McFall from Pokemon Go Podcast and everyone really involved in the podcast track.
Because I don't remember all the names and podcasts off the top of my head.
But I want to thank everybody for having me as a guest this year and letting me participate in panels because I'm sure it was very motivating for other people, but it was also very motivating for myself.
And yeah, I just had a great time. So welcome to our little show if it's your first time listening and you found out about it over at Dragon Con.
I'll give you the elevator pitch on Orange Launch Radio real quick. We're on episode 699 tonight. So we've been going for 15 years.
15 years ago, myself, Loki, and DarkSakura, we all met playing a little video game called Dance Dance Revolution.
Yes, where the arrows scroll up the screen and cheesy techno dance music plays all the time. But we loved it.
And there was a whole community around that game and all the music games that Konami was putting out around that time in a series known as Bamani Beat Mania.
So we all got together being fans of that. And we started this little show for that community to monitor the tournaments, to monitor the new releases of these games.
Because, you know, there were six or seven games in the series that were all getting new updates. So we were about music games in the beginning.
But as the Mamani series kind of started to slow down, we had a little lull before Guitar Hero 2 really took off and I think changed the industry kind of back into music games with that and rock band.
We kind of shifted to, it was right around the time podcasting got bigger. So we kind of shifted to a show that's now podcast about all video games.
Because it turns out there's more games we like than just DDR. Right, Dark Sakura? There were other games that you played back then besides just DDR.
Like you would use your dance mat to play Soul Calibur, right? I'm just kidding. I feel like you tried that at one point.
I did.
Yes, I knew it.
But I beat the game with Rod Calibur.
Nice. Okay. See, there you go. There you go.
It works best with Siegfried.
I remember you were the first one that ever introduced me to, well actually, when I was first getting into DDR, I mean, I always knew that obviously I knew gaming in Japan was a scene and that they had games that we did it and all that.
But it was really because of DDR and meeting people like Dark Sakura that like my eyes really got opened up to how like, oh, what do you mean it's called Bust a Move in Japan and all the songs are different and most of them are actually better.
And what do you mean that there's this whole Castlevania game that I never got to play here in the US and all this other stuff like my eyes really got opened all that.
So, you know, now here we are 15 years later.
Welcome to the world of imports.
Yeah. Right. Right. That was what it is. You taught me how to mod my first PlayStation.
Actually, it wasn't. You didn't really have to teach me much. You were like, here, I have like
Here's a paperclip.
No, here is this plug because I have 5000 extras. You put this plug in the back of your PlayStation. Have fun.
Yeah. Yours was the one that you use like the five point switch for.
But it still had the I.O. port in the back, which meant all you have to do is just use the plug.
Yes. We still have a first gen PlayStation that takes like you use a paperclip.
Yeah. Or a really stiff twist tie.
Just hold the button in and then switch your desks.
So, yeah. So we all learn from each other about this great gaming culture.
And we invite all you to do it every week because, you know, we used to play DDR.
And after we were done playing DDR, we'd all go to the food place out front of Roseville Golf Land.
And we'd sit there and have dinner and talk a little smack about our favorite hobbies.
So that's kind of this is the world's biggest diner table is how I envision it.
And we're just here to talk a little smack about gaming news.
I don't think we're going to break gaming news here.
I think there's plenty of blogs and Twitter and all that stuff that's going to break the news.
But we're going to we're going to discuss it and try to learn, you know, from each other's perspectives about it.
So there you go. That's Orange Launch Radio in a nutshell for those that are new.
I probably should have saved that spiel for next week, being that it's 700 next week.
But I can always just refer back. Go listen to last week's episode.
Talk more about what Orange Launch Radio is.
All right. Anyway, SSU100 Matt in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says you're just missing the mozzarella sticks.
And let me tell you, the mozzarella sticks at this place is it's I think it's a local chain called Brookfield's.
The mozzarella sticks, they're bomb. They're really good. Like some of the best.
So anyway, just saying, just saying. All right.
Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, which actually for our kickoff topic tonight, we want to talk about some of the news that we missed while we were out.
So I picked three big headlines from last week leading into Labor Day that I thought we could talk about here at the top of the show.
First off, Nintendo announced last week, well, I don't think they really I guess they did announce it, but it was kind of obviously they don't want to make a big deal of it.
But they did mention that as of November 8th, Nintendo TV, Wii U chat and Miiverse will be discontinued.
Those services on the Wii U are no longer.
So effectively, the Wii U is being taken out back and shot on November 8th at three o'clock in the afternoon Japan time.
The official Miiverse site, including what you see on the Wii U and the 3DS even, are not going to be there.
However, Super Mario Maker, it says that will still be working.
Details to be announced later, but my assumption is they're going to do a patch that routes things a little differently and kind of removes that Miiverse element.
But everything else that associates with Miiverse is going to be closed.
There will be error codes when you try to access Miiverse, but it is gone.
TV, on the other hand, that was, you may not be aware, that already went away in North America.
TV is going to be leaving in Japan as well, where I think it's still been going.
But obviously Miiverse is kind of the big thing out of that.
So folks here in studio, folks in chat, what do you think?
Are you surprised to hear that Miiverse is sending hiccups this fast?
Or is it one of those things where you're like, not really surprised that Nintendo is quickly pulling the plug on a console that is just done, pretty much?
It's just kind of weird that they developed something like this and then didn't carry it over to the Switch.
And they have nothing to replace it.
Well, I mean, as far as nothing to replace it, what's interesting about the Switch is that it feels like it's built in to just games natively on the Switch.
Like Splatoon 2 kind of worked around it.
Like Splatoon 2 has this very Miiverse-esque thing in it.
Yeah, but it's all separate.
It is separate.
Miiverse was all kind of one community and now you're splitting everybody off in their own communities, which is kind of dumb.
But, was it a community worth saving?
Like, here's just real talk.
I mean, there was a lot I did like about Miiverse.
There was, I kind of feel like Nintendo kind of unlocked something a little bit charming with Miiverse.
But, it was kind of slow and clunky, not really fun to browse on the Wii U sometimes.
You know, just kind of had that Nintendo clunk to it when it comes to online.
So, it wasn't something where I was like, oh, I got to wake up and check Miiverse the same way I check Twitter or Facebook.
Like, it didn't really snap the same way, so it didn't encourage me to check Miiverse as often.
But, I mean, then why even carry it forward then in Splatoon 2 then?
Why even bother doing something like that if they're like, oh, this is terrible?
Because I think, well, okay, that's great.
Oh, it's terrible, but it's not terrible, but it's still terrible.
That's a good question, but maybe it's something that that team wanted to keep going.
Because I will admit, seeing some of the trends in the pictures and stuff that you get on Splatoon 2 have been kind of charming.
Like, there was the whole trend with all the furry stuff going on.
And then there was all the pro-trans stuff, which I thought was awesome that you were seeing a lot of that in the game.
And that was kind of, you know, there was about a week of that.
And then people were talking about the whole, I wish blank was real.
You know, like, it feels like Splatoon 2 is kind of like this meme play field for all these things.
Although, you know, we're talking about rights and stuff, that's not really a meme.
But you know what I mean, like, there's definitely like that topic of the week, be it a serious thing or a meme, that feels like it's going on in Splatoon 2.
And it's a fascinating thing to watch in that community, in my opinion. I don't know.
But you're right, it's me versus nothing.
But those are the same terrible people that were on Miiverse that are now in Splatoon 2, so.
But what's it-
It's just like, they want it both ways.
Well, but what's interesting about that is because of the way it's designed in Splatoon 2, the terrible stuff doesn't get elevated.
Because you can only like things, and the things with the most likes tend to get elevated. You can't dislike things.
You couldn't dislike things in Miiverse either.
I'm trying to think. No, you couldn't. But I think Splatoon, to be fair, I don't think anything's changed in that regard since Splatoon 1.
Splatoon 1 had all its memes that made it, you know, what it was too.
Alright, whatever. It's different. It's still the same. Whatever. It's terrible. Let's put it back in there.
Except don't lean on this game and separate everybody out.
Because this is what we think the consumer wants.
JD in chat says, you can also report things that are super bad. That's true.
JD also points out, my Nintendo account still gives bonuses for logging into Miiverse.
Well, I imagine that's going to be changing relatively soon.
I wonder what it's going to do to me, Tomo.
That's a- Ooh, that's a great-
Because there was just an update.
That's a very good question. But does Mi- Tomo isn't really powered by Miiverse.
Mi Tomo's a separate thing.
Does anybody still play that?
Yeah, Jamie does.
Okay, aside from Jamie.
Tons of people.
There's dozens of them.
Not as many as in the first week, but I know, like my buddy Jonko says, was trying to get me to check in on it.
So there's, there's other people that check in on it.
Well, um, at any rate, they just put out an update to go with the, um, I think some of the other Mi options for-
I'll have to look at the, the update history. There was an update just a week ago.
So.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, more people play Mi Tomo than Pokemon Go.
That's probably not true.
I can't argue with that logic.
But, but I would bet more people play Mi Tomo than Ingress. That I would bet.
So, you know, you can't say that it's totally an itch thing.
Uh, anyway, let's see. Um, what was the other thing I wanted to say?
Oh, Kaizhudo in chat says, my Mi verse wasn't slow and clunky at all. Maybe your wi fi was janky.
Well, it runs this show okay. So I don't know. It just, it just didn't-
Like, you know how the internet just kind of snaps when you're on your phone, you bring up Facebook and snap, there's your feed.
Like in Mi verse, it was like-
Blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, bling.
And then like you click into something else?
Blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum.
It's an invisible hamster right on the wheel. You just don't see the little hamster in my Wii U that powers
It doesn't have enough processing power to render the hamster. Like don't don't get me wrong
I'm not trying to dog on Miiverse like there was some good stuff that came out of it, but it wasn't perfect
You know and there's a lot of Nintendo's online ventures aren't but I mean
But Nintendo did it Nintendo's way and it brought some new things to the table as a result. So I'm
What?
For me it's it's like Nintendo
Throwing darts at a dartboard, you know
They have all these things that are gonna revolutionize something and it doesn't and it just doesn't do anything
Or it's just not as like fantastic as they had talked it up to be like remember the whole
Wasn't the whole face chat thing with the Wii U wasn't that supposed to be like a revolutionary thing?
No that fucking went nowhere because they didn't leave supported. Well you first was that a revolutionary thing
Yeah for a short period of time and it went nowhere that way obviously nowhere enough to carry them
You know it to the next platform. You know what I will give you that
I do feel that Nintendo did kind of put out these features and then really did nothing to
Elevate it I think would be the right word because for example, like you say the the video chat on Wii U was pretty rad
Imagine if that could have been hooked in through 3ds somehow
I mean there's a lot of stuff and this goes back like even further than that
I mean if you talk about like the whole AR support with the 3ds
Fucking did nothing with that and to be fair Sony did fucking nothing with that either with the Vita
So right, I mean there's that it's not unique to Nintendo in that
so it's just I
Don't know like what's the newest thing that they're seeing is like revolutionary?
Okay, the switch being able to take it places and play with people and stuff like that. Mm-hmm
Okay, so how are they gonna fuck that up? I mean, I just got to figure it
Well, but but Loki you're you're assuming that Nintendo fucks everything up and I would say no
They don't because for example the the Wii itself was a gamble and the fact that you know the motion control
But I mean we tennis
Elevated that and sold the shit out of the yeah
They got lucky and they're trying to recapture that magic and they're just not it's not happening
that was that was a dart that connected and
TV on the other hand was a dart that missed but I think Nintendo really I
Think Nintendo missed out on trying to elevate the fact that you could participate in
TV along with shows like American Idol
Yeah, it was pretty cool and you could do it and like you would never know it because Nintendo was really bad at elevating that
So I that that's my criticism of Nintendo
We should do that now like have an app call it watch party and they have different things. Okay Game of Thrones
We're doing Game of Thrones tonight or something like that
Like
Why isn't that a thing? That's such a low-hanging fruit idea. No, I'm with you. I'm with you. I don't know
I am. All right. Anyway, let me look and see if there's any other comments in our chat room over at live
Vogue network comm let's see
Kaiju doing chat says Nintendo made the big mistake and forgot that most gamers over 12 years old or
Antisocial and like to play alone and not communicate. They only communicate when they want to complain about something
But now when I play with friends when I play with strangers, maybe but not when I play with friends
I want to talk a lot when I play the friend
I get it cuz I feel very
Antisocial when I want to play on like is I really I would like to just play friends
Mm-hmm. I don't really like playing with strangers
I'll do it. Like the only time is like if I'm you know, like even
Grand Theft Auto 4 was like a game
I really play heavily in or call of duty or something that play strangers just wasn't as fun as playing with friends
So I feel that
Let's see, I don't remember where this came up from but dungeon buster says more games should bring back the sound test feature
Why not? Yes. Yes, they should they should also have creepy
Hidden messages Allah sonic CD. Yes, or they should have these sounds that you play them in the sound test
You're like that wasn't in the fucking game. What is that? That's like a woman moaning. What is
Test that was when we used to put the PlayStation disc and rip all of the sound files off of it
How some of us found out that the demo disc for Jammer Lamy still had the health statement
All right. Let's talk a little bit about moving on to Sonic Mania
So obviously Sonic Mania was a huge game that came out a few weeks ago
And in the last week when we weren't here
They've released the PC version which a lot of people were looking forward to well
Unfortunately, there was a little bit of a gotcha in the PC version that it was using a DRM system
That's pretty controversial known as de nouveau
Meaning that from what I understand usually this DRM kind of requires the game to always be online Allah Diablo 3
Allah any MMO that's gonna be connected but Sonic Mania supposed to be a single-player experience
So people were really not happy about that because you shouldn't have to be online to play a game like Sonic now to be fair
Since the controversy from last week
My understanding is that there has been an update the DRM is still being used
But once you log in to activate it, you don't have to stay connected to steam anymore
You can actually play it offline. That is the fix that went in place
According to Sega on their face just don't put it in there in the first place
How about that people really don't like their DRM on PC? That's for sure
But I also I think it's also because that it's more of that
That particular DRM like it basically it's almost like malware. It just it doesn't uninstall itself
You know when you uninstall the game it's just it's a pain and they're even saying that with it enabled
The performance of the game wasn't as good
Alright so yeah, that's true when that's hogging up resources it can it can really clog up the game
And yeah a pin and then on top of that. Here's the best part about it
So because the game was delayed a week or something like that. Mm-hmm. They gave everybody on Steam, you know, hey, here's a copy of
code for Sonic 1
Well, guess what that actually con or that counted as the purchase date then on on
This the game so then once the game finally did get released you had less time or no time to
File a refund if you wanted to do that through Steam
All right, yeah, and then also the other follow-up is that that whole DRM was cracked in eight days because of court
You know what? They say hackers gonna hack, right? So they're only motivated when it's
Yeah, so there you go. Anyway, that was a thing that happened now
Let's move on to some positive news and I definitely wanted to mention this at some point towards the top of the show
But obviously we have a lot of listeners out there that have been affected by these storms that have been going on around the country
You know, obviously there's a lot of focus right now on Irma and what's happening with Florida and we have quite a few listeners in
Florida area so of course, you know thinking about you guys, you know
I'm talking to some of you on discord and on Twitter and I know everybody's doing what they need to do to stay safe
So that's great. But still it's like just one of those like wow, this is really awful
but I mean this is right on the heels of what happened in Houston and with with Harvey and
Just seeing what happened there is is awful and you know believe it or not here in California in the 90s
I lived in a neighborhood that flooded that was pretty bad
and so, you know
I kind of know what it's like and I'm not gonna say I know exactly what it's like
I kind of know what it's like to go through something like that and it sucks like it really really sucks and it's scary
and so
But most importantly I just hope that everybody that listens to OLR is safe. That's the most important thing. Everything else is stuff
Granted some of it is very sentimental stuff, but you know stuff at the end of the day
It can be replaced you cannot so yeah, I hope everybody is safe and all that stuff
so thinking about you guys and a lot of the gaming community coming together to do some good for support of
victims and games done quick
Which of course does though what awesome games done quick and they do
Summer games don't quick is the other one. They really threw together a fast
Marathon and they did it virtually which you know, of course you have to do if it's last-minute
But they did a Harvey relief done quick and they raised
$225,000 that's almost a quarter of a million dollars for the Houston food bank, which is really cool
Houston food bank providing meals cleaning supplies disinfection product products for people that were
Affected by Harvey's so really happy to hear about gamers doing that. I'm sad I wasn't able to catch any of it
Obviously I was out of town this past weekend, but I heard it was a lot of fun
So I didn't even know what's going on. Oh, no, because I would have watched it
Well, I'm sure they archived it all and put it on Twitter and all that stuff
And yeah, if you still want to donate I'm sure they would not be opposed to that. So check that out
All right. So anyhow
That was something else. I wanted to bring up at least some good news from the past week
So that is that's what's been going on in gaming this past week
We will get into this week's headlines
But first I want to go around and check in with our hosts and talk a little bit about how was your gaming week?
Dark soccer. How was your gaming week? Um
Um
What did I play I played some pinball I played Simpsons pinball party at a leather bar
It was in bad shape
I
Actually back in Sims 4 I've been looking for houses by
Good designers, but maybe not be super famous. Like I'm not doing Frank Lloyd Wright houses. I'm not doing falling water
but I'm looking for
Contemporary designers like 50s and up and trying to recreate their houses in the Sims and then trap the people inside the walls of said
Houses know those people live on like a 20 by 20 lot in a square room that has no toilet. I
Want to see and I'm sure it's been done because it's the internet. Of course
I want to see someone recreate like the saw houses or saw like facilities and put the Sims in there
I'm sure there's some mods or something. I'm sure somebody somewhere has done it or the Winchester Mystery House
I'm sure has been done. Yeah, someone's done that if Jamie hasn't done it herself
I don't have time for that, but someone else did it for Sims 3 and I had it downloaded for a while
I love the Winchester Mystery House though. I've never been do you know that you're fixing this Rob?
Underwhelming you think no, it's just it's not tall people friendly cuz miss Winchester was four foot nine
For those that don't know it's it's like a two it's one of those tourist attractions in Northern California. It's in San Jose
It's like the nutshell. Yeah, mrs. Winchester is the wife of the Winchester gun bang bang
Yep, and she thought that she was being haunted by all the ghosts of the people killed by her husband's guns
Hired a psychic who said the only way to prevent them from killing you is to never stop construction on the house
When construction stops you die
Ironically which sounds like a trap and saw
But anyway, but there's there's a seance room that has a door that leads to nothing to the outside from the third story
There are stairs that go up to the ceiling and go nowhere
There's all kinds of weird ghost traps in there and all the stairs because she was very arthritic very old and four foot nine
So there's a little teeny like two inch stairs all the way through the house and then her collection of Tiffany lamps
so
There you go. There's your
architectural and crazy person history of the day and
You and sorry we were talking about the Sims though before we got
But someone took the time to do the full version of the Winchester mystery house
The what was it seven stories before the earthquake in?
1915 uh-huh wasn't that when that earthquake was with the big San Francisco one. Yeah, six six
But yeah before that it had someone like seven or eight stories and now it's like at four yeah
So they didn't rebuild all those and I've never been and they've also uncovered now other parts of the house
And so I was watching this one person has like different revisions
Based on different versions of the house, and then I I forgot and it's so weird too
Cuz you think it would be like out in the middle of nowhere. It's right next to a movie theater
It's like it is how well I mean movie theater the build-up around there the movie theater wasn't there when she built
But it's just so weird to see like you kind of think spooky house on a hill or something like that. No
Middle of downtown San Jose practically. Yeah, it's funny when because I went with with Kristen and
we did like the
The the full tour that took you under the house and everything too and the gardens and all that and then we went to see
Pan's Labyrinth fun. I need to do one of the Halloween flashlight tours. I don't even like
They do it on Halloween and every Friday the 13th. Ah
Okay, but the one we did underground we had to wear hard hats and they did ghost stories. Oh boy
Yeah, all right. All right
Too spooky for me. I won't even go and see it
I'm not gonna go see it because of what I heard that they did with the one minority character in it
Hmm Alan really wants to see it cuz he likes scary movies, but I'm just like
Brutal. Yeah, I don't wanna do jumpscares. All right. Anyway, let's get back to video games Loki. How was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a whole ton of stuff. I did play some things. I went back and played Lewis Skyrim and
I also played some
The Lego movie game which is pretty fun and
I also played some more of the office space. I don't clicker game on the phone because
It's just on my phone and convenient
but yes this week has been
Like I
Last weekend. I took a trip to the Lego store. I kind of wish I hadn't gone to the legos. Oh, I
Bought a nice set is you know large. Let me guess for your kids knows from me
No, I bought them their own sets but I I got this set for me I'm not ashamed that
You know, I have a buzz it shouldn't be but it's just like it's like diving back into that whole like scene
it's like wow, there's a lot of stuff out there, but
yeah, and I don't want to go back to the story because it's
There come my god
And what's the $800 in the Millennium Falcon? Thank God. I'm not a star that big of a Star Wars fan now, however
Then then Jago City looks pretty awesome and I'm not fanning Jago either but that's a pretty cool-looking set
All right, anything else for your gaming week outside of all that Lego stuff? Uh, no, okay
My gaming week, so I'm not a lot of new stuff. I've kind of been going back to stuff
I used to play I did a stream earlier this week on no man's sky
Which I'd kind of already done a couple weeks ago just kind of re-exploring kind of a lot of the changes
So I started another new file from the very beginning on stream because I finally moved my PlayStation 4
Into the office where I do the live streaming so I can actually stream from PlayStation 4
Which I'm still trying to decide if I'm gonna do tonight or not. I'm on the fence about what I'm gonna stream tonight
so yeah, there's that and
Yeah, I've been playing PlayStation 4 games in there
Otherwise, I've been playing like overwatch fall fancy 14 a lot of the same stuff
I also randomly just kind of picked up heroes of the storm again
Which I've been playing a lot of versus AI in heroes of the storm to get my little daily quest done
So I could save up gold and I saved up 10,000 gold this past week and I bought diva
Character for who's of course one of the big overwatch characters who was recently not that long ago
Probably about a month or two ago put into heroes of the storm
So I actually bought her so I could use her in play
But I haven't really done a lot of player versus player just because I still feel like I'm I'm understanding the here's my thing
With heroes of the storm and and a lot of MOBAs where I where I hit a wall in general
I
Understand kind of like the general rules how to play what to do what not to do and I kind of generally understand the operation
my character
What I'm still learning about that makes it very hard and I think to put my foot into the player versus player is that I'm not
Familiar enough with what all the other players do because you know in a game like here's the storm
There's like 40 different people you can pick from and I know the moves for the five or six ones that I like to play
But then I'll be playing against somebody and I'm like, whoa
He just did a move where he like froze me in place from across the battlefield
How did that happen, you know, and I'm still kind of like learning about all that
So I don't know when it's safe to you know, like Yolo and run in there
And I don't know when I got a hold back. So there's a lot of that stuff
I'm still learning about and you know when you get into
When you get into some of the competitive stuff people get a lot more heated if you don't know your stuff
so I've just been a little little sheepish and getting in there, but
I'm gonna find somebody who plays a lot more than I do to take me under their wing and go maybe a
Grandpa from courthouse plays a lot of heroes of the storm
I don't know if you guys know but he's like level 400 probably so I'm gonna try to get him to
take me into some matches and
Check it out and play a little more of that. So that's
that's
You know pretty much a game that I've been playing quite a bit of this week
But yeah, not really otherwise not a lot of new stuff
I mean when I went to Dragon Con I played like enough Splatoon to have participated in the Splatfest
Which we ended up losing anyway
But at least the theme was better than the catch-up mayo thing
At least this the invisibility of flight was like, okay flight one and that's not the team I picked
But at least I'm not like offended by that
Let's see
and then I got to play some of the cool arcade stuff that they had Dragon Con cuz you know they get they have Tokyo
Attack was there who brings a lot of Japanese and import arcade machines to conventions and then they have like a classic bar
In the area brought in some classic arcade machines
So I was able to play some of those too. Are they supposed to be bringing the table flipping game in there?
Yeah, they had two at the table flipping game at Dragon Con. Yeah, it was cool
I I never got around to playing that I was playing neon FM because it's the first time I'd seen a neon FM
Neon FM that had Korean songs in it and I was like what so I had to play, you know, like mr
Simple and some of the songs that I recognized, you know from what kpop
I've been exposed to I had to play that stuff because I thought it was awesome that that was in neon FM
So I hope that's in all the machines and not just the ones the Tokyo attack is moving around cuz I want to play all
Those songs cuz yeah kpop is awesome
What else I want to say, oh the classic arcade I will say this the classic arcade the the joystick bar
I think it was called that brought these games in they had a Donkey Kong remix
Machine and the Donkey Kong jr. Remix machine
I didn't get to play jr. Somebody else is on that but I played Donkey Kong remix and basically
I mean it feels like it's just a ROM hack basically of the original Donkey Kong
But like with modified levels basically and it's it's flippin hard. I couldn't even get past like halfway
You know, the first board is like climbing up
You know the rafters and ladder I couldn't even get like halfway through that board
I guess I'm not a real gamer
But I couldn't even get like halfway through that board like it was crazy hard, so
Yeah, so Donkey Kong remix means Donkey Kong hard as hell
Basically, that's all about so but it was it was cool to have played one kaizo kong
That would be a good alternate name for it, but that's uh, yeah, that's what it is
All right. Anyhow, uh
Let's see going to our chat over at live dot vog network comm act
Def says that diva got introduced in heroes of the storm when the officer diva skin got introduced into overwatch
Oh, that was a few months ago. I guess I've just been kind of out of it. Oh, yeah, Bobby Blackwolf reminds me
We did play pac-man vs
Because he has the Namco thing on the switch and then I downloaded that app that lets you play
Pac-man vs. So we played that on the switch. That was fun. I like that. That was a good party game
So, I mean, it's a bummer
We didn't get to play it with more people because it was just Bobby and I and then like two computer ghosts
So wasn't as thrilling as I'm sure a room full of people is but we had fun. It was a fun game. So
alright
We're gonna move on to some other
Announcements such as please follow us on twitter twitter.com slash olr
We're also on facebook at orange lounge radio as far as upcoming shows off. I can't think of any
I think we're gonna be here for the foreseeable future
We'll probably take something off around the holiday, but no more conventions or anything like that
Sadly I'm not I'm not even gonna go to magfest this next year sadly, and it's nothing against magfest. They're great
I just go to dragcon with me next year. I
I'd love to actually go to that at some point
I just I have no more time off work after everything that happened over the summer
I burned all my time off. So I have to make some cutbacks
I had to take the time off to go to drag gun con had to take that unpaid
So but it was worth it. It was totally worth it. I'm quitting Wow, you're quitting Wow
Yeah, no one plays anymore and it's it's true not fun playing by myself
Oh, well, what about what about trying to find a new posse to play with like, yeah
I bet there's some great like like-minded gamers out there. Like well, here's the bummer
I would say talk to the ladies from girls gone Wow, right like raven each other server. They would what's that international?
They don't have an international server. That's the problem
They don't have an international server because I bet those ladies would love to have super like flying around though
If Final Fantasy 14 had flying around and not shitty, you know leveling system then I would go back
You do have flying around in the later areas
You know, you don't have jumping off of things and extending wings and getting into places. You're not supposed to go
You do have jumping off of things with your wings in the later areas
You have to get in heaven's ward, but you could do it, but it's your wings
Yeah, you get a you get mounts that fly. I don't want a flying mount. I want like demon hunter powers
Oh
That type of demon hunters are fucking fun. No, then no, you don't have that in in file man
Demon hunters are fucking fun. You need to I know you don't like first-person shooters, but in overwatch
Mercy made me nauseously sick. Oh, that's a bummer because Mercy's getting a new ability
It's gonna let her fly around anywhere and it's fun to play with and go to places
You're not supposed to go to on the political show. So not nauseously sick. That's a bummer. Sorry to hear that
They should consider a third-person mode that might help with that
If it was third person, I could probably have no problem playing it see and it would I wouldn't think it would be that hard
To implement because you can spectate other people
Maybe or maybe there is a way to do it and I just don't know maybe our chatters know over at live dot vog network
calm
Let's see. I'm also looking at our chat. Oh, I remembered what other games we played
Go ahead before we get into news we played we put we broke out the Neo Geo. Oh
Yeah, I saw some your picture played summer. I should own two
well ours is a Japanese once the summer my spirits to and the first summer I show down and
I think some magician Lord
So we played the Neo Geo with the huge cartridges the size of someone's head at least a small child's head
About a little bigger than a baby a little bigger than a baby. All right
Let's get into some gaming news and I'm gonna there's there's a lot of controversial stuff this week guys
I I I guess this was the week where everything blew up
So brace yourselves, but we're gonna be we're gonna be tactful as we dive into the controversy tonight starting with this whopper, right?
Logie, so South Park factory hole is gonna be coming out
I'm thinking next year now and so they've been doing some like kind of gaming
It's actually in six weeks. If I if I remember I'd it's like six like end of October in it. I got delayed
No, I thought I got delayed
My will look into that just so we are accurate, but I thought I thought it had been delayed to this one
I was looking forward to oh, maybe maybe I'm thinking that I don't know
I know it's one I was looking forward to so maybe hopefully it's coming out soon, but it is yeah worldwide October 17th
That's what I thought. Hey, you're getting yeah, you got confused because it was delayed
It wouldn't be surprised if it's
That's fair. It's fair. But yes, it's so
Should be coming out soon and
Of course, they're doing you know with that the whole media blitzing where their gameplay previews and stuff
and so one of the very beginning parts of the game is creating your character and so like
Unlike actually the first South Park game you can actually play as a girl or even a transgendered person in this one
But there is a portion of the game where it's asking me to pick your skin color and it says with that, you know
it's also your game difficulty and
With Cartman says he actually makes a comment. Don't worry. This doesn't actually affect combat
It's just every other aspect of your whole life, which I think is kind of funny
So actually a pretty good commentary it to be crystal clear the easy mode
You have light skin the difficult mode. You have dark skin now
basically, it's gonna be it's gonna the way that's gonna work is it's a the amount of money that you get from
You know different events and also how characters treat you in the game so
There could be some hilarious, you know South Park stuff, you know with the police
I'm sure you know like the whole Michael Jackson episode. Mmm. Well, you know, go ahead Darcyra. I honestly think that it's
Not in there to be crass per se but it's in there as part of I think
Commentary on current society, but they're also though. I mean they also have it in there where you can be a
transgender character
Yeah, after picking your skin color you meet with mr. Mackey who?
okay about your
Gender identification so that includes male female or other and then even after choosing one of those you can choose specify if your cisgender or
Transgender and I guess he like if he calls your parents to confirm all that stuff as well
Because there's they kind of played back to the joke, you know, cuz the original game all you could be is a boy in there
Yeah, and so like that's so weird. You know, we thought this whole time that you were a boy. I mean
It's just like kind of funny. Okay. Okay. I watched the scene where a person picked a cisgender female
It's like you mean you knew she was a girl the whole time
Yes
Okay
It was pretty funny so so here's the thing, you know what I got
I'm gonna admit my gut reaction when I saw that whole like difficulty slider thing
I was like, wow, that's fucked up. But then I was like, it's really fucked up in real life, too
So that was that was pretty much my reaction to that, you know South Park doesn't really shy away from that type of stuff
But and let me go to our chat over at live dot vog network comm cuz that guys you don't in our chat see
Here's here's the part where I'm having difficulty because I I'm not black neither is Loki neither is darsakha
But I know many of you we have many different colors out there that listen to the show, which is awesome
And Kai's you don't in chat says I'm black and I find that hilarious and true. What's the controversy?
Well from what you know because I haven't said a lot on this
I've just been trying to read what other people have to say on this
Some of what I'm seeing on Twitter from people of color just some of what I've seen, you know
retweeted in my timeline and stuff some of the negative I'm seeing is that
My or the the life experiences and I'm gonna try to summarize best I can here
So, I'm sorry if I'm misrepresenting it
But the life experiences and the things that I've gone through are not a joke
Like this is not something to be belittled by a game type of thing. I don't know that it's in there is a joke
But like even if it is a joke
I don't think yeah, I get it that you're offended by it and great
You can be offended by that but they make fun of everything
Everything everybody everything is a joke everything. So
Yeah, you'll be you'll be offended by this thing and then the next thing they do someone else is gonna be offended by that
It's I mean what they had abortion jokes in the last game
I mean, there's all sorts of I'm offended that sixth graders are bad guys
There's all sorts of like jokes that are it's it's offensive and yes, it's okay to be offended
It's not okay for you to expect them to change the game because you're offended by it
I think you know
It's it for me and you know kind of trying to think about this and process those sort of responses and try to weigh
Like, you know the the negatives that I am hearing as well
It's like the positives from people of color that like, you know, like I should have just said in chat
Like what's the problem? This is you know funny or whatever
so
And when I come in turn away with that is that it kind of goes back to in my mind this whole video games are
Art type of thing right and we've you know speaking of controversy
That's been one of the age-old controversy in the video game community our video games art
Well art is meant to provoke response
So I would say in some ways, you know, he did this whole conversation that's happening right now is
In a way and some people are gonna you know
But but this is just honestly where my gut my gut is is going with this is that this whole conversation?
We're having right now just kind of proves the fact that video games are art and the art may not be making a statement
That you like but it's making a statement and it is a reflection on an art is a reflection on culture and it is
Definitely a reflection on culture be it very a very sassy one, but it's you know, there's a lot of
Serious fucking shit out there and reasons why there's things that exist like Black Lives Matter and so forth and to an extent
I wonder why some people get offended
About things that don't necessarily affect them. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah
Call like I see it. I see all the time on tumblr all the time on tumblr not to say everybody on tumblr is bad
That's not what I'm saying. But you get you get that stuff. We're like, um, what was that post?
Oh some post that made its way onto like a Facebook screen cap where somebody
Retweeted a picture of a little girl doing a Japanese tea ceremony and one tumblr user was like
This is so effed up and it's cultural appropriation to the dot and then a person in Japan
Responded to that saying actually we we love it type of thing kind of kind of similar with the Mexico and Mario
Odyssey thing with a sombrero. It's like actually we kind of like it
I will rather go on a limb and say though that there is a very very very long history
of
Japanese culture
Adopting things from surrounding areas and making it something uniquely Japanese
So I would think that seeing other countries do that may not be such a big deal, you know
That being said what offended me is that number one the kimono was wrong
It was done wrong
All right, I'm gonna go to our chat because I do I was trying to make a joke
I wasn't sure dark Sakura some things. I don't know. All right
In in our chat over at live dog network calm Bobby black wolf says this and I think that this is a fair response
by black wolf says controversy is this a black person who wants to play a character that looks like them has to either deal with
The harder difficulty or play someone who doesn't look like them
That's why some people are upset but it's not everything like to say it's it's just like money payouts in the game
Yes, I get that. Yeah, I
Kind of annoying it would be it would be nice if maybe after they make the point
Then there's like something where it's like press square to change, you know
So, you know, maybe maybe like after they make their point you can actually because I know the combat you can tweak how difficult the combat
Is yeah, like you can make that easier or harder depending on and you can keep change that throughout the game
Yeah, so and I don't know like honestly playing the game but like last time with the money and stuff
I don't think you ever run into a problem with it's probably just gonna be very minor. Mm-hmm
It's just more of like ha ha it's like a silly thing that we did some of the controversial some of the one
Positive I was gonna mention is they mentioned that the game is not gonna be censored in any country
Unlike it was last time Oh with the whole anal probing stuff. They're not gonna censor it. I'm in a country
So Australia is probably not gonna sell it. So it's gonna be exactly, you know as it is in all countries
Much love to our Australian listeners, but you know that they there's games that get censored there all the time
So anyway, Mortal Kombat and all that. All right. Anyway, I also would like to go out on a limb if I may
Yeah, where people talk about
Issues of appropriation and things like that and trying to like in the case of the game, you know
Taking something that's going on in real life and making it an undisputable undeniable factor
I think the thing that people need to realize is that
I'm trying to figure out how to say this the right way sure that everyone is gonna borrow from everybody
That's the whole point of having multiple cultures in one place
Yeah, when you live in a melting pot like America things are going to melt
You know and and yes, I realize there's a lot going on on a much higher level and stuff that you know
Makes you wonder sometimes if America really is a melting pot
But I think there's a lot of us that love that part about America
Well as a share 100 Matt makes a good phrase in here in the last game
You could pick a Jew class it changed the way the game was played. You also got different payouts and story and stuff
Hi. Yeah, you know, um, I
Think that maybe we might need a little bit more of these things
desensitizing people a little bit, you know bringing those things to light instead of putting it in a
Convenient package that we can get offended about for five seconds argue on the internet and then
Conveniently put aside in our lives, you know, I think that's the big thing is that we are so enamored with that moment of
Being the right one being right being right, you know
that after a while
It becomes the focus instead of actually going out there and doing good. So I'm glad it's in the game
I'm glad it's bringing attention to things that people should be talking about instead of just putting on the back burner
All right, and you know what? I invite other responses out there too. Like I said, I think on a topic like this
I'm just kind of trying to listen to the different perspectives and you know interpret the art that way
So I certainly invite all the feedback if you don't feel like your point was represented here tonight
Participate at orange lounge radio comm come on up to the table. Like I said earlier
It's a big diner table and let's hear from all those different perspectives in the meantime, though
I'd like to move on with some more gaming news because it is only a three-hour show
so let's talk about something going on on the Nintendo switch and
This is controversial in a much different way, but literally a gaming controversy really
Here's the deal is that you know
I think a lot of people were drawn to the whole cartridge idea of the switch because oh well
Then I'm not gonna really you know
It's okay
if there's only 32 gigs of storage or whatever it is on the switch because I can get stuff on cartridges and it's not really
Taking a memory and you know, it's it's different right when you had an old-school Super Nintendo
You didn't have to have a cartridge based or I mean you didn't have to have any type of like on
Board storage or anything like that, right? So anyhow, um
Excuse me
Well, it turns out that may not be the case and I want to thank our discord for submitting this to us if you want
To join our discord server and bounce us ideas throughout the week. You can vog network comm slash discord will get you an invite
It's an open server
I think it was dungeon buster that submitted this and I'm sorry if I if I get this wrong
so anyway
In the future some switch games are going to require you to actually own a micro SD card in order to play
NBA 2k 18 is going to be the first game that's gonna require that additional storage to be present
So yep, you can't actually fit all of 2k NBA 2k 18 onto just the cartridge
You're gonna have to actually install some of it to the extra micro SD card your storage card now
Here's the deal a portion of the title will be available outside the box
But you I guess slowly download the rest of it while you're actually playing
Representative for Nintendo of America actually said in a quote that yes
a micro SD card will be needed for certain Nintendo switch games that contain an
Especially large amount of content and require additional storage for players to enjoy the full experience
If you purchase a physical version of a game that requires an additional micro SD memory card
You'll be able to play a portion of the game right out of the box specific levels or mode to enjoy the full game
Downloading additional data is required. So
Apparently cartridges won't hold the whole game sometime
I'm sure they would but they just have to have to pay for more expensive cartridges that hold more data
God forbid we do that because then that would cut into our margin
Yeah
maybe this optical media stuff was
Maybe that's why they do it because it's so fucking cheap
could
G why is the whole industry doing that? I don't fucking know why well, but to be fair in a portable environment
I mean it worked. All right on the PSP, I guess but maybe optimal reading and stuff isn't I mean even the Vita used cartridges
for a reason so maybe
Optical discs and things weren't really the best in a portable environment. I mean, I guess the PSP worked
Okay, but I'm sure even it had its limitations and you could make it skip if you shook it hard enough
You know, I mean, so it's never I'm just saying low key in that regard
I'm not saying that those I don't think we're that easy to duplicate as well. Well, here's what here's what it is
Loki, let's be right. Here's what it is
This is more a commentary on the fact that Nintendo's default out-of-the-box on storage space is way too small
Exactly. That's that's the real problem. Was it 32 gigs? Uh-huh, cuz 32 gigs with fucking too small in the Wii U
No, it's still fucking too small with this shit if that's just ridiculous, but but never fear Loki
they'll be the 2018 model of the switch that comes in neon red and
Fluorescent green and it comes with 128 gigs of storage fuck
No, it'll come with like 64 gigabytes of storage or like 48 gigabytes or something stupid
Now SSG 100 Matt kind of thrown it back a little bit saying I remember sports games dating back to the Dreamcast days
Required that you played with a memory card. You wouldn't be able to continue without having a memory card inserted
Well, I
Mean you missed a lot on the Dreamcast without those awesome little VM you things which by the way
Happy birthday Dreamcast because yesterday nine nine, you know all the way back to nine nine ninety nine was the Dreamcast birthday
But you would miss out on stuff without those little VM use
Well, it's also I think that was more of like
Cashy and stuff because that was the only storage that there was on that system. So it was I
Kind of always felt we had Tamagotchi to thank a little bit for that that it was kind of
Dark sacrifice just gave me the biggest no face in the world
But I kind of feel like that was in a way from that, you know, no you don't agree. Not at all
All right. What's your take on it? I think that they wanted
Something that was gonna make the system more unique and offer a more interactive type of play
Mm-hmm. I mean cuz things like that had existed for years. Anyway having the little you know digital toys
I mean if you want to go really I
Would probably put the origin more in those little tiger toys or
the game and watch
so
We're looking much further back and Akuma JP correcting my pronunciation
Tamagotchi, I think I think we got spoiled here in the USA in Tamagotchi not not because the whole like stupid American thing
But like gotcha was really ingrained in the culture with Pokemon and all that stuff
So I think a lot of people would say gotcha as opposed like, you know
Cuz that's that's what we kind of knew with Pokemon. Anyway, I'm just excusing my ignorance. Sorry
But Tamagotchi and it's so you know what the name it's it would be a portmanteau Tamago for egg and
Now my brain just forgot Chi Tamado Chi Oh
Doesn't friend. Oh
Okay, it's an egg friend. Okay, see I didn't but I actually didn't know that
Okay, and I'm sure that they had no idea from the get-go that this would be an issue
And that's why it's never been mentioned up until this point
That this was gonna be a necessity. It's funny how after everyone's purchases systems it. Oh by the way
This isn't gonna work exactly how you thought. Oh and this oh and that oh and that one other thing, too
Yeah, have you heard some of the rumors about Nintendo having I know this isn't on the show world
I've heard some of the rumors about Nintendo having a direct this week. Have you seen some of that?
I don't fucking care cuz Apple's doing a thing this week
So, you know where Apple goes Nintendo missed
They're gonna blow them on stage because I mean seriously I don't care this point well actually actually
Don't count it out
Nintendo has shown up on the Apple stage before when they did Super Mario run and we know
Nintendo's cooking a Zelda game in an Animal Crossing game
So it is possible that Nintendo could come out and blow to fully look forward to that Zelda game
I'm sure that's gonna be fucking don't knock it. They tried it. No. Yeah. I'm not saying that's not it's not possible for them
To do is all the game like that cuz like I said, you know the DS games the DS
All the games were pretty good and you could do those with mostly just the touch screen
So it had a good control system for that
However, I feel that they're gonna be tempted by the current, you know
Mobile game scene and you're gonna get like a tapper game or some shit like that. It's gonna be like well
That's not what I wanted but I would rather they give us a tapper game then try to bring breath of the wild
To the phone cuz like you're not gonna be able to control that with a phone. I'm sorry
I would rather it just be a fucking tapper game if that's you know, wrote the phone to throw the boomerang
All right, but okay. Look we're getting away from the point. So Apple's doing a thing on Tuesday
We all know they're expected to announce phones
That's what all the rumors say
Which is good news for me because I'm ready to upgrade from my six
So I eagerly anticipate what they're gonna say
But anyway Nintendo is rumored to do one on Wednesday
now some people are kind of taking the ball and running with it and saying oh, this is when they're gonna announce Netflix and
All the other things that we've been waiting for we're bringing Netflix to consoles for the first time ever
It's never been done ever before. Well, okay. Well on this console
Loki you joke but Nintendo and I've said this before on the show because and when we went back to
Is it a big deal that Netflix is on it or not? I said this in the beginning
I think yes
Nintendo can make a huge argument that with certain Netflix shows because you know
You can download a good chunk of Netflix library, right?
You can start watching it on TV and then oh I got to make the bus
click a little snap and I'm gonna pick it up and watch it on the go and continue my Netflix without an internet connection because
It's been downloading in the background as I'm watching it. Like yes, Nintendo could say this is an experience
You can't really do right now
Except on my phone that I have in my pocket that I can do the exact
You know the whole pick it up and go, you know, there's a twist to it
But my phone certainly doesn't have 32 gigabytes worth of storage. I mean, it's just a phone
You can't possibly fit that much data into a phone. It's
Clearly this console is the only thing could do that
It's just how about how are you just instead of fucking announcing Netflix, which really should have been there from the get-go
How do we announce all the fucking shit that also should have been there from the get-go console virtual console a
Web browser does that thing even fucking have a web browser? Yes. Okay. How do you think the e-shop works?
Yes, but can you actually use a web browser on it?
My understanding is it's been hacked because the e-shop or no the the network
Okay
The network thing has okay cuz like when I okay when I wanted to log into the Wi-Fi at the hotel during dragoncon
To do Splatfest it actually because the hotel Wi-Fi you have to log into that right because you have to put in either the passphrase
Or your last name and your room number to use hotel Wi-Fi, right?
So believe it or not you try to connect to the network
The switch is smart enough which not all game systems the password smart enough
It pops up a browser window and it has the Hyatt's little screen
Please put in your information that it added and all that and then it closes it and you're connected to the internet
So yes
there is a web browser and my understanding is people have kind of backdoored that because
What you do is you use that same trick except the web page that you put on your personal network that you present is
Whatever website you're really trying to get on the switch, which could be a flash game, you know
I don't know if it's flash game, but you know, like games or something something else. So that's
Okay, so it doesn't have a web browser that you can just click an icon and it works
Okay. No, but there is it is is there a web browser in there? Yes. Can you use it? Not really that's
Fucking makes sense that makes all the sense of the world
Fucking hell, I swear whatever. You know what SSJ 100 Matt says, can you use the web browser for porn?
I'm asking for a friend. All right, of course if you if you see me real, let's be real
Nintendo needs to just have the real talk
All right, Nintendo needs to have the real talk and give the gamers what they really want. All right, here's what needs to happen
Excuse me
Reggie fees and may needs to do a special 10 o'clock at night in Nintendo Direct
Okay, he's gonna come out on this Nintendo Direct and say listen guys. I
Know what it is. You really want out of your web browser
I know what it really what it is. You really want out of your consoles. We're gonna give you all the porn you want
And here's is the web browser. Yes, the Nintendo switch what you do. It's gonna it's gonna jack into sites such as
Porn hub. Okay the new porn hub app for the Nintendo switch so you can start new me verse
But it's you can start watching ever
Yeah, you the wee wee verse so you can start watching pornography on the big screen
But then when you hear the garage door open that somebody's coming home
Just take it off the and take it back into your bedroom and finish what you started. I
Got you guys love Reggie fees and may
But in order to have a separate would sell billions. You'd have a separate phone app and fucking like all the tethering cables possible
They
Would still find a way to fuck that up
They would still find a way I know but seriously though like
JD and chat says so Rob phones plus a Chromecast can pretty much already do this
Well, you know what? Some people are gonna do it just because it's Nintendo. Let's be real
Now we're cutting work cutting edge with you know, the 3d technology because you could view 3d porn on the 3ds
Which is kind of cool. Yes. Yes, you could I mean granted
It was just very low-res pictures in 3d, but it was 3d. I think I saw a blurry tit
Kind of poked out. Yeah a little bit
But no, seriously
They just need to announce what the hell their fucking virtual console plans are because right now when the hell is that launching do we even?
No, no, and I was again again
I I am ready to accept the fact that virtual console my quote II fingers this time around is gamecube games and
Maybe Nintendo Wii and Wii U stuff
That's mostly just fucking make a stupid like fuck this NES classic bullshit
And he has caught you know, the super NES classic just make a virtual console
Done you plug it in your TV download all that shit. That's basically what it is. Anyway, here's here's what really okay
So we've been talking for like five minutes about a rumored Nintendo Direct. We don't even know if it's happening or not
Here's the thing guys lower them expectations lower them y'all cuz Mario Odyssey
They got to get the pre-orders in for that. So I would bet if they're having a direct it's an expanded
Look at Mario Odyssey. Oh, it's gonna be there fucking amiibo. There's a Metroid game out on Friday
Did you hear so maybe it's gonna be an extended look at the new Metroid game, which by the way
I think you all would want to know I
Pre-ordered that Samus 3dsx. Yeah, you said no you ordered it. I ordered it and already gave them money. Yes
All
Right, anyhow, I just gave up my best smartass smile. Yeah, I see that a lot from you. All right, let's move on dark soccer
Why don't you why don't you give us a story then and I'll be a smartass to you speaking of
other
Unnecessary prefixes. I'm only going to use the word once and then I will no longer use it so that you know what I'm referring to
Microtransactions because they are a transaction. You don't need to quantify them with how big they are
If I buy penny candy, is that a micro transaction? No, but I'm only spending pennies
No
That is just a transaction
Okay, transactions are not necessarily quantifiable
Except by the actual amount that you've spent on it anyway, so destiny fans are pissed. What else is new?
They brought about this
You know in-game stuff that you could buy for the original destiny and so they're bringing it back for destiny, too
But this one is even
Worse, I think they're selling shaders that you can change the color of your armor
and
then
One I mean in the original game when the shaders were unlocked you could have them across all of your characters and
Then delete them and pick them up later, but in destiny two shaders are one-time use they're consumable
You would be spending money for a consumable
That you will never have access to again real money for shit. You can't use again. I
Will leave that there
The only way you'd ever be able to get another one is either with like a blind loot box
Again that you can get with real money
Or buy them straight up. So yeah
stupid and
There are people who love to make their armor look certain ways. They would be buying it
You can I mean you can earn them through leveling and chests and whatnot, but yeah people
It's well, it's it's also the fact that in the first game it operated a lot differently than it does in this game
That's that's what's really cheese and people it sounds like now granted. I haven't played destiny 2 yet
I've been hearing actually outside of this controversy
I'm hearing a lot of good things about destiny 2 and I'm really excited to check it out
My only issue is that I I've already decided I want to get it on PC so I can keyboard and mouse it up
But the PC release is a few weeks away. It's the end of October. Mm-hmm. So hmm. No destiny for me
Excuse me yet. I did I did play I didn't talk about in my game
I played like 20 minutes of the beta on PC because you know
The PC beta was like the night before my flight to Dragon Con at 6 in the morning
So I played like 20 I downloaded like 14 gigs to play for 20 minutes and I did enjoy my 20 minutes with destiny 2
also, I have to say that I
Had the same thought that Bobby did just for my rendering classes
He said when I first read the story
I thought shaders was in the game was in the game development term for how your light sources get shaded and I was like wait
You're paying for light source effects. And I was like that was the first thing that I thought of too, but it's more like color
Yeah, it's basically like, you know
how World of Warcraft you get a piece of armor from this dungeon a piece of armor for that dungeon and you look like like
You look like a thrift store nightmare, right? Like you're mismatched all over the place, right?
Well because of transmogrification some of that you don't you can fix that
No, now everyone's got particular sets and you can still make the sets look like they match
They just give you a particular type for your body type. Okay, we'll have different colors apply to it
Well in a nutshell imagine that wasn't the case you still had mismatched stuff a shader will let you just dye it all
matching colors and stuff like right off the bat and usually they are
Shinier colors than what you might see native and I think I didn't play the original game
But isn't the original game like the shader was used for like everything wasn't the full set or was it?
per-piece I
From what I recall you did the whole set like once you unlocked it you had it
Yeah, it was the whole set and you can use it as many times you want
So if you upgrade your armor, you can just change it again and all that stuff now
You have to use it purse per piece. It's
You can't change it out
It's you know
Basically once you've used it
It's gone to consumable and then on top of that the only way to get it is through these loot boxes
That you have to pay real money for
And I guess you get some of them in the game
But that's not even really the whole thing that people are getting pissed off
People are also getting pissed off that there's mods in here and the mods basically grant you abilities to help you play better
And so in a sense, it's kind of pay to win
Because obviously someone that has more disposable
Income and spends money on this are gonna have better mods or more mods to be able to be more competitive in a PvP scenario
So, yeah, all right. Well, I can see why people are irritated but we'll see, you know a blizzard an Activision
I mean, I know blizzards not the makers of destiny 2 it's Bungie, but
Because there's the PC release and it's on an Activision has been known to throw in loot boxes and shit in the game
Yes fucking EA started that but um, but I I think they might listen to some of the feedback. We'll see. We'll see
I mean, I don't think they're gonna do a 180 on the system, but they've been pretty odd
They won't listen to the feedback because they've already made a comment on it regarding the thing and so their comment was
Well, no one's complaining about it. It's just you know, it's just
Appearances and you know, anyways, you're gonna be swimming in those shaders. So it's not a big deal
That was basically their comment I'm paraphrasing obviously
But all right, let's move on. All right, so, um
Blizzard is building their own eSports arena. So, of course, you know
Starcraft is pretty popular and the eSports realm and of course, you know hearth storm
and pretty much a lot of their line, you know games overwatch all that so now they're gonna be creating I guess the
Blizzard arena Los Angeles, which is gonna be located in Burbank Studios
It's gonna be one of the first arenas in the u.s
Built specifically with eSports in mind and they're gonna actually open it up not too long from now
October 7th, and that's gonna launch with the overwatch contender season 1 playoffs
So, so are we gonna go take a tour go go see something there go see a show
I'm not driving down there. I'll just take the word for it. We go to Disneyland while we're there. Why not?
That's cool
All right
Moving on virtual tour moving on in news that will surprise. Absolutely. No one and and just Loki
I already know what you're gonna say. We don't need to relive this every week. All right, but look, here's the thing
I'm just gonna get it out there. So Nintendo switch. It's selling really well, of course
We all know that and good old Reggie fisa made me to comment this week in an interview with variety
Talking about supply for this holiday
Certainly certainly the demand is there and our supply chain is there are we going to have enough for the holiday?
That's what we're focused on
Which was said in a way that makes it sound like it could actually be a challenge
So, yep
There that you may you may still have a problem getting enough of those on the shelves during the holidays now to be fair
He didn't come out and say we're gonna have challenges during the holidays
But the with the phrasing it kind of chose made it sound like he's not ready to guarantee it either
Well, he's you know preparing people for that inevitability
I'll be hopeful and hope that they do have enough supply but
at this point it's like I
Mean, I can't even be surprised by this. It's like
like how
How would you not get this yet? How do you not?
Coordinate this stuff. Here we go. Here we go. I'm just shocked. I'm not like mad even I'm just like like bewildered
Like how is it that company can't prepare like this? They you know, this part of the year is coming yet
Yet somehow
Well, we just can't do it then. Okay, my god, then maybe I don't know. I don't know what to do. I
I'm just gonna send Nintendo my thoughts and prayers and see if that's as useful as
This same thing that they've been pulling for 20 years. I'm just gonna I'm thoughts and prayers for Nintendo. It's like it's holidays
I mean seriously, it seems intentional at this point
I mean, they're they're either the most inept company when it comes to supply issues or
They're doing it on purpose
I mean because really that's really the only two options that there are right now because like how can you consider?
consistently
Not be prepared this many years in a row. I mean how many years has this been going on for?
several years almost a decade if not more like
How is it that you're just so ill-prepared for this every it's got to be fucking intentional. It's gotta be at this point
There's no way that they're this dumb prove. It's not Reggie. It's seriously
it's like I I don't want to feel if they're like this indicative company that's purposely doing this but
Like going I don't know
We'll certainly give it or we'll give it to college. Try. I mean like my god
Bob coffee giving the fair
Perspective here in Chad at live dog network comm saying might not be Nintendo's fault in this case
Switch uses some of the same components smartphones use it's never their fault and with a lot of big smartphones coming out could be actual
component shortages could it be Satan
Yes, it's saying in a party like it's 1994 because
They didn't know that you know
Every year. I mean, I'm sorry it no, let's not we're not gonna blame other people for Nintendo's fault
It's it's okay. What component shortages are there?
They're used by smartphones that fucking super NES classic editions that are using because those have fucking supply problems, too
That's not we're not gonna blame cell phones for this shit
What we as they're going in the production again, they all have enough supply to fucking make those SNES classic editions
What's the excuse there?
JD in chat says it's the vegans fault
If Nintendo would just go vegan and tell everybody that Satan so I mean stop it stop
I know some wonderful vegans in my life. And yes, it was the church lady for
The timing of you dropping that was was immaculate and caused MXC to say I love this show
Well, we love you all that turn out every week and listen to know what else I love we do it for you, bro
what I
Don't know I don't have a heart I ripped it out and sacrificed it, you know, what else I love what tell me
I don't know. I
Love indifference. I love uncertainty. I love not knowing things. I love
Keeping me. Thank you. Thank you. My keyboard kept my three keyboard cat moon shirt if you've never seen it
I want to get a moon moon shirt a moo moo moon moon moon the stupid wolf moon moon
Do you do do you know I have an official three wolves crying at the moon shirt?
Yeah, I have it somewhere in the big laundry pile in the other room the cats probably said I almost wore it to Dragon Con
That was gonna be one of the outfits
I was gonna wear one day to Dragon Con but then I was like
People might think I'm like not I saw your daddy outfit. Did you see? Oh, yeah, we didn't get to talk about that
My cosplay. Yeah Dragon Con my I didn't even play the game and I knew what it was my lazy fucking cosplay
Okay, so I did end up bringing two cosplay outfits to Dragon Con both of them were not quite bare enough for that
So the first one the first one I did was I did Sami Zayn
Because everybody fucking tells me I look especially Rama's Rama out there Rama
Rama tells me I look like Sami Zayn and
Some of my friends in the Bay Area my good buddy Kath who lives in the Bay Area
She tells me I look like Sami Zayn. So she actually was so far to buy me a shirt
You know who Sami Zayn is Loki nope, the wrestler a wrestler world World WWE it's because of my hat
He wears gray cabbie hats like I do and has a red beard
I don't think you look like him because of that were twinsies. So your nose isn't as big. Oh, thank you
So anyway, I wore that and I was Sami Zayn for one day
So but then the next day on Sunday, I did Brian from dream daddy who wears the green Hawaiian shirt
I had a little pet corgi. They took her out on me. You're not quite that much of a bear
Well, I'm getting I'm
I'm not sure. I want Jamie to be like
gay
Categorizing me right now on olr. I we're not we're a show of non labels, okay
You probably need another hundred on you. All right that well, I'm not sure whether to say thank you or not
But Loki Loki, do you know the difference between a bear and a cub?
Do you know I'm guessing its size? Yeah, or sometimes age age age, you know
Bears or bears are big big men Harry usually big hairy men and I've obviously I'm you know
No, not lacking in that department. But yeah, I'm I'm not big but I got fluff and stuff
You're still younger gent. Yes, I guess I guess but I'm 39, honey
At what age do I become a bear?
70
JD and chat says one day you'll be a daddy bear
JD and chat says we ought to move on from this topic stop. He says how about a manther?
My life heard man sir, but I kind of love it actually
older gent version of the cougar
I'm just like thinking of like I'm picturing welcome the orange tar with like, you know, like a panther body
It's like the dude version of the cougar very fast yet awkward. You're Rob. What you're stiffers mom. What?
Welcome to orange lounge radio rar. I'm your manthur in charge Rob Roberts now Rob's a furry
There's nothing there's nothing wrong with furries. There's anything wrong with it. But now we know your fursona. I just you're the manthur
I said there's nothing wrong first cuz I was about to follow that up with but I'm not a furry, you know. Mm-hmm. Yeah
You heard it here first Rob's a manthur
the white manthur I
Hate everybody
Well, it's it's really unfortunate that we couldn't make it to 700 but this is the end. Good night everybody
All right, let's move on
Dark soccer once tell us about another game a game that I am happy about and have been fucking waiting for two years for
Do you hear me? What pumpkin man versus manthur? Oh
Goddamn, I'm never gonna let that go now
Who's who said that it's a stoppie stoppie stoppie should a trademark patent pending that shit
And he we'd have to owe him a quarter every time we said it, but he didn't huh?
so I
Love my home stuck. I still love home stuck
I have gone back and reread part of home stuck
Even though it's like a rabbit hole that you can never get out of it's like a singularity of the Internet
Well, we have a release date for hive swap
Which is the game that was funded with like two million dollars on Kickstarter and
So it is going to be a point-and-click
Kind of adventure game that will not yell at you if you try to do these items will work together
It has like a bajillion responses for many different things. You could do combinations of stuff
So it's be really neat, but it's going to be out on September 14th. I am going to be playing the shit out of this game
The music though is done by Toby Fox as an undertale who also did do stuff for
Homestuck, so this is gonna be
Megalovania came from Homestuck. So this is basically gonna be like the capital of meme. Yes
okay, but you can play as a
Couple of different characters in
the
The first part actually with the part one that comes out you play as Joey Claire
Who is a teen girl trapped in her room in?
1994 or as Jude Harley who is her bizarre who is her kid brother trapped in his treehouse
Or you can play as a couple of trolls
But what happens basically they get switched from planet to planet
so she goes to
Alternia which is the troll planet and
Troll boys come to earth
There you go and much fanfic was written and there was much wank and Faye go to being drunk
and and
Juggalos taking over the government
You know a bunch of people lost their shit because the whole juggalo March
Happening at the same time in Washington DC is some drunk bullshit. Yeah, I heard yeah and
But there were a lot of homestucks that were like, oh it happened in the comics it's happening for real man
Cuz it did cuz juggalos took over the government
Whatever I
Have a reason to bust out the Ben Nye again
JD and chat says fanfic and wank are two sides of the same coin. That is that is correct
All right
Anyhow, I might be making scale mates again. Just a few more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week Loki
So there's been a lot of issues with Shadow of War
The new Lord of the Rings game that's gonna be coming out
pretty shortly
so one of that has to do well with this kind of
commemoration of one of the producers on the game
executive producer Michael forgery and
he
Our 4g I guess is
Anyways, he apparently died of cancer on March 3rd. And so with that they were going to do this kind of
Memorialize them as a character in the game. So there is gonna be a character called fourth hog orc Slayer
who kind of be like the like in fallout they have the
The mysterious stranger that appears randomly and will kill your enemies for you
so he would kind of appear and you know kill an orc for you or something in the game and
It was gonna be offered as DLC at launch
now in
Most scenarios you would assume that okay. This is gonna be some free DLC
This is kind of a way that they're you know honoring their
new fellow
You know employee and stuff friend or whatever
But then they decided that they're gonna charge $4.99 for the DLC because this is fucking Warner Brothers, but hey
That's alright because we're gonna be donating
$3.50 of that
$4.99 to the family which to be fair not unheard of because like blizzard has done pets for Wow that are
5050 for like make a wish or something like that
Wasn't the first time something like that's been done and my assumption is that 350 is probably the cut they get
After right the stores take their cut right so that that's fine to be fair. That's fine
however
There's fine print here as with a lot of things so the fine print that came under fire is well
It's only valid actually in the United States so except for Alabama, Hawaii, Illinois
Massachusetts, Mississippi and South Carolina
Because apparently they have laws regarding fundraising and that type of thing
and
This DLC is not being sold just in the u.s.. It's being sold worldwide so
They didn't come out and say that oh, we're gonna donate all the proceeds from like worldwide sales
It's only for the sales that are in the US in these states that are not listed on this fine print
So in a sense they are profiting from a dead person
Okay, but didn't they come out on Twitter and say that's not like that
They are not making any money off of this they said neither
Warner Brothers interactive nor monolith will profit from any sales of Fort Hogg the orc slayer DLC regardless of the territory in which the
DLC is sold so why can't we take that at face value? Why are we saying? Oh, they're profiting off?
Why can't we just say okay? They can't advertise in these states because and
You can't yes
It is based off a law and I was when I saw this original story
I was I was kind of floored that the law was not referenced in the story
But there is it's not hard to Google you just Google those state names and charity law and there is a charity law that says
Some states require what's called a CCV which is this whole split basically?
Raising to register with the state Alabama, Massachusetts
Specifically require bonds in the amounts of ten thousand dollars and twenty five thousand dollars respectively so in Massachusetts
They would have to post a bond for twenty five thousand dollars to even do this fundraiser
Well, they just do it in the way that we're gonna match the we're gonna match the sales of these DLCs in donation
That way it's not tied to it. It's just them independently doing it
You know and then they can do that with any state that would have been a way to get around that I would think or
Just just they're gonna donate the money anyway wink wink nudge nudge. They just can't advertise it in these states
They're doing what they're doing in these states keep themselves in the clear legally
How much is not fucking charged for in the first place and just open up hey
Well, we want to you know, we want to do something for this guy. We've opened up, you know
It go fund me or something like that. You guys can donate to that. I again
They've the idea of charity fundraisers and games through sales has kind of been done
Like I said in Warcraft and there's other MMOs never been like controversial like this
So that's the thing and I'll tell you actually actually I'm sorry but in Blizzard
Yeah, because some people were like why only 50% going to make a wish
Why why is Blizzard keeping the or Activision or whatever keeping the other 50%?
So, I mean there it wasn't paying their designers and programmers, you know
Well, it's the same with like humble bundle only a portion of that goes to these charities
All right, I mean, I guess you could set it to be like the full thing
but now granted there is also a difference between just general charity like in the sense of
Make-a-wish or whatever. This is money that they weren't quote-unquote expecting or relying on or anything
I think this is like it is literally a charitable donation
But in this other case, like you said you have somebody who's passed that it might kind of I don't want to say
Put a damper on the person's memory, but I think that's kind of the well conclusion
I think you also here's the other reason why it's kind of skewing against them is because
This is a game that everybody was looking forward to and then before this whole announcement because this is like the third announcement
That they've made
Regarding this game. The first one was oh, hey, by the way, you know that great single-player game that you have
We're fucking put in loot boxes bitches. We're fucking put in loot boxes. And guess what? It's not just cosmetic shit
It's fucking orcs and stuff stuff that you can get the aim basically pay the win. Oh, but don't worry
It's not really pay the win because it's a single-player game
Oh, but we got a multiplayer portion as well that you can use all this shit that you unlocked in your loot boxes
And it's fucking like the whole meld your solid thing where they had, you know
The bases that you would basically would be online and if they got attacked you could lose some of this stuff
So it's basically this churning cycle of bullshit because they're fucking loot boxes. Once again a loot box
They didn't need to be in a game
Oh then by the way, we're gonna do also a fucking you know thing with Totino's pizza rolls because sure
let's just do that and you can get codes and unlock shit and
It's so it's all that greedy shit up front that's been in the headlines for the last few weeks and then this is like the
fucking
you know the end of it they announce this shit and it's like
Really?
You know, I mean you're charging for it. What the fuck? I mean, it's just it's a big mess
I think there's better ways they could have done it and it doesn't help that this bullshit about their whole
Blue box and DLC shit came out wait before all this happened
Okay, you know you're getting some comments and chat over at live dog network calm stop
He says in that case with what you're saying. Why do we need the DLC at all?
Why can't gamers be generous to someone without expecting DLC in return? Exactly. I don't think they do you need to just say
Say hey, you know what? We feel bad for this guy and his family
We want to help out if you want to help out, you know, you you enjoy this game, you know think about you know
Donating to you know his family with through this thing. This is how you can donate they get it done after a blog post done
There's nothing that they need to do and then later on if they wanted to you know
Because we really love this guy. We want to memorialize them, you know, we can put them in the game
Like for example all those people that like played, you know in
World of Warcraft and stuff that were hardcore of that and there's a few that died and became characters in the game
They have fucking charge for DLC for that character. It was just something that they put in the game
A lot of them are NPCs and statues exactly
They're just NPCs or something
like why did it have to be this big old playable character thing that you invested money on just like
Why can't you do something nice to be nice instead of fucking charging for it?
like I get I can will assume that your intentions were noble, but
It just doesn't look good after you know, you're asking people to pay for money that shit was free before I just I
Don't know it's not it just doesn't look good
Bobby Blackwell and Chad says I probably wouldn't have donated straight like that for someone I never met but I probably would buy DLC like
This so, you know another perspective. All right anyway in the interest of time. I'm gonna go ahead and move on
Because we're already how far into the show are we like an hour and a half into the show and I already know a part
A so in the interest of time, I'm gonna move on and I want to talk quickly about this one more here
Another story that was submitted from our discord server about the Nintendo Wii. Yes that system from 2006
Apparently has infringed a Dallas inventors patent and a jury has awarded
10.1 million to this Dallas medical motion detection company
I life is the name of the company who sued Nintendo in 2013 after they filed lawsuits
In 2012 against four other companies it did go to trial in Dallas and the verdict found that Nintendo did infringe on the patent
first filed in 1999
describing systems and methods for evaluating movement of a body
Relative to an environment this 10.1 million was less than 10% of what I life's attorneys were asking for
They wanted a hundred and forty four million
That was how much the lawsuit was basically for at this point
And of course Nintendo has said it will appeal the verdict the company told
Glixel which is the Rolling Stones video game arm
Nintendo disagrees with the decision as Nintendo does not infringe I life's patent and the patent is invalid
Nintendo looks forward to raising those issues with the district court and with the court of appeals
So don't expect Nintendo to write a check just yet
But it is sure fascinated that this system came out over ten years ago. And here we are still arguing over patents
I don't know the details of that patent
but just sounding like it sounds like one of those patent roll pan patents that they have, you know, just I
Don't know it to me and I know like in Texas. There's a there's a certain districts in there
I'm not I don't think this is one of them that a lot of these patent troll cases go to yeah
Sounds it sounds fishy, but
Whatever they're gonna write it out until they get you know, they've got more money than this dude does I'm sure so yep
Just bleed them dry they'll write it out
And I think it's just more goes to show that and if it wasn't that case we would have had enough switches for holiday
God, damn it
Yeah, it's technically that technology existed in the Wii U is too as well didn't it? So
Anyway, let's go back to a simpler time when patent trolls didn't exist
Okay, maybe they did but I just like to think they didn't it's a simpler time when dark soccer is gonna walk into the gaming
Vault and find a game that she thinks hey
you little brats stop swinging your Wii around and
Come play this game. Hey come into the sewer grate over here. I got a game for you to play
It's the classic game of the week dark soccer. Oh, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Excalibur 2097 the whole reason I picked this is because I went on like a 90s music rampage
It was listening to a lot of psychosonic
Which I loved psychosonic a whole lot when I was in early college and
They did the soundtrack for the American version of this game. So in Japan, it was called sword maniac had a completely different soundtrack
But in the u.s. It was called Excalibur 2097 had kind of a different story and the soundtrack was done by psychosonic
Which if anyone bothered with anything about Mortal Kombat Annihilation
They were one of the artists from that soundtrack
Really just dance the electronic music really good stuff. Let me turn this up a little bit just for our listeners to hear
This is actually the version of welcome to my mind
Awesome anyway
The game is also fairly interesting
Basically you've got a big ton of different characters that are in this but it is
It's notable for being a side-scrolling adventure game where at the same time though
You
Had your boss fights kind of turn it into a fighting game. It was pretty interesting
But really I mean the biggest thing is notable is that either there was this involvement with a major with a major
Band I should say at the time
You feeling okay over there yeah, I am I'm trying to find something because one of my links I forgot to send you oh
But it's okay a
Couple of the things about it is that the art style in it was pretty dark
But you had all kinds of just neat different characters
You could you would pick up along the way, but you started off playing in the American version this someone named slash
who basically
went around to make peace and order of the world with his sword and
And
then
You also could pick well. There's also like you rescued his
partner Alex who was taken hostage and she then
Like gets possessed and all kinds of stuff and there's all kinds of you know different characters in there you have to beat so
It was a pretty neat game
You know fairly average for side-scrolling, but I think it was the soundtrack that was the most notable thing about it, so there you go
All right there. It is your classic game of the week Excalibur
2097 known as sword me sword mani sword mania X
Mania X just kidding, but that's what it was called over in Japan play sword mania X
You know what's funny is that in YouTube on that audio YouTube recommends the killer instinct theme as a related video
And it's kind of because I actually kind of hear that whole like killer in so if you want to play just a few
Seconds though of what the song came from
Although if people listen to the show all the way through they'll
Yes, I can hear it play a little bit of what inspired that here. Let's listen to oh
My god ultimate dance party right there on the night
Well that's not killer instinct, but yeah, it's still still that was that was like
1994 for me that's like the original song of what we heard in the other game, so yeah the Excalibur
Yeah, all right, so so there you go sweet all right there. It is your classic
Okay, game, but hey it's that whole era of cyberpunk game cyberpunk games, so I got you
I got you all right
We're gonna take a quick break though when we come back there is plenty more orange lounge radio to come including
The emails that you guys submitted it to us as well as your phone calls at orange lounge
Radio on Skype all one word. We'll be right back after this break with more of orange lounge radio
Can't get enough Final Fantasy 14 is they or is he out your second home
Do you lie awake at night thinking about all the times you've wiped to Susano extreme well then make way
For astral era a new podcast that's sure to watch your appetite for all things Final Fantasy 14
Tune in for in-depth discussion of new content game mechanics story
Lore music clamors and more tangents than a Marlboro's got tentacles
But none of the bad breath check us out today at astral era podcast calm or look for us on iTunes
That's astral era podcast calm. See you there
Oh
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight episode number
699 already in progress for this September the 10th of
2017 and yes you heard there in the little break there a
Promo bumper for another indie podcast that is run by some good pals of mine
Be sure to check them out the astral era podcast
And if you have a show that you would like to promote here at orange lounge radio
We are accepting commercials around 60 seconds
So I give or take a few you can contact me directly with serious inquiries at Rob at vog and network calm
That's Rob at VOG network calm
And if you have a show you would like to promote as long as it's something indie
We're happy to promote it here at orange lounge radio. You can get in touch with me a rob at
V og network calm Bobby black wolf and chat saying dad of light made me miss Final Fantasy 14
I still need to see that at some point. I hear that's really good. But you know, I was out of town for a little bit
anyway
We have some late breaking news to get into tonight before we get into rapid-fire news
Do I still have my special report break music? I think I have it here
Let me see if we have our special report breaking news theme while news is shattering
Yes
a
Breaking news on this Sunday just a few hours before we went live here at orange lounge radio a
Incredibly popular youtuber who has over millions and millions of subscribers on YouTube
He dropped the n-word while using a stream dot while doing a stream today
His name is it Matt it's like p.u. I'm eating a pie or something like that. Oh, so
Not the first time that man's mouth's gotten him into a little bit of trouble and you know
Didn't even really apologize for it like the moment that it happened because it just man
I debated if I should play the clip or not, and I'm not gonna because I don't want to promote this person but
Just the way that that word just kind of just fell out of that guy's mouth when it really probably shouldn't be a part of
his vocabulary is a little bit worrisome, especially with as many followers as he has and
You know that people learn that behavior from somewhere, and you know what he's doing um
And the way he kind of played it off
He kind of did a little oh, sorry you know kind of like under his breath or whatever is kind of well
It's kind of crap. Let's be real and again not the first time this guy has done something so I would also
Like to know why do we keep making stupid people famous?
You know what what is it about our culture that we keep because unfortunately this guy's
Name was trending on Twitter after the incident which I yes
I realized a lot of it was negative and so forth
But it's like it's just so irritating to me because there's so many hard-working independent streamers
And I'm not not even myself like I'm I'm fortunate to have more followers than some other people out there
we're probably better at it than I am and
And yet these people aren't the ones getting recognition. It's guys like this guy that are so
I don't know when this guy's gonna get cancelled, but it didn't happen the last time
I doubt it's gonna happen this time either. I don't know stop watching him
I don't like the way he talks. I mean that that's what I wish people would stop doing
Let's see Bob coffee and chat says shocking news racist little shit is a racist little shit mmm
Kai's you don't chat says he did that before and got in trouble
Yep, all right
anyway
Let's move on that was some late-breaking news
Let's do some rapid-fire news and hopefully something a little more positive right Loki. Yeah, so this week
They made an announcement regarding LA noir, which is like what?
Rocks are what so LA noir is being remastered for the Nintendo switch
PlayStation 4 and VR and it's not just one game, but actually three different games
So LA noir the VR case files will be coming to the HTC vive and
apparently it's gonna be
Seven of the original cases from the LA noir game, and then they've of course adapted those for VR
LA noir is gonna be coming to the switch with unique game features all additional content
Joycon mode with gyroscopic and gesture based controls and in rumble and all that fun stuff
And of course LA noir for PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
It's gonna be remastered there have 4k for the PlayStation 4 Pro and Xbox 1x
And yeah, and that's gonna be coming out
Later, although I don't think they have a date on that yet. I never 14
I guess it's neat that it's coming to switch but that game's kind of old old blank
I I hope that's not some freakin benchmark for
Rockstar on how they can do on the switch because this isn't exactly the greatest litmus test to my well
It's it's an okay title. Like it wasn't one I ever got into
I
Don't know. It's not as action-packed as like say a Red Dead Redemption or Grand Theft Auto
It would be cool to see like a Grand Theft Auto 4 remaster or something like that come to the switch
But yes, I think that's asking a little too much
With those with that data problem that they're having fitting all that content on to you know cartridge
Why don't they just do multiple cartridges, you know, like back in the room you probably have to switch back and forth
It probably won't look so well expensive. Yeah, maybe I don't know what else Loki
And then of course, I'm speaking of more remasters. This is more of a rumored port, but you know
Bayonetta and Vanquish were just remastered on PC
Well, the rumors are that it's gonna be coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox one as well. So they haven't announced it yet, but
Soon apparently there are some retail listings that have appeared for it. Oh my god, Loki
Does this mean Bayonetta 2 and and here's the best part about it. It's a 2-pack. So it's actually gonna be both games together
For 60 bucks. No, I'm just kidding
We don't know we don't know how much yet, but probably probably not that much but there's rock start
So I think Bayonetta on Steam is only what was it 15 bucks 20 bucks. It wasn't it wasn't 30
Yeah, so right now it's as expected in
2017 but I don't know it's
It'd be interesting to see what happens with that and although I joke with Loki don't expect Bayonetta 2 again Nintendo
You know, they may they may have a time thing on it
Like it may be like after five years
But I would assume that five years is the minimum on that sort of agreement when did Bayonetta 2 come out was it?
2015 at this point, so it's gonna see still got a few more years to wait
Before something like that would happen. So anyway
Moving on a story that you heard referenced in our introduction that actually also came from discord this week
Thanks to you folks that use our discord over a vog network comm slash discord
But apparently a new newly updated official Japanese language profile about Mario
Has made it clear that he's retired from the world of plumbing. He is no longer a plumber
The profile explains all-around sporty whether it's tennis or baseball soccer or car racing
He does everything cool as a matter of fact
He also seems to have worked as a plumber a long time ago
Hence the past tense of worked now if you want to get technical back when Mario was known as jump man
When he was in Donkey Kong, he was a carpenter in that game
But you know, I know a lot of people that have worked several different types of jobs in their lives
But it seems like Mario has retired from the world of plumbing
My assumption would be that after all the times that he's rescued Princess Peach when you know, she's not helping herself out
That she must be a sugar mama or something, right?
He's got he's got he's getting some of that castle money some of that Mushroom Kingdom coin that happening. No. Yeah. All right
I mean got it. It's easy to make the joke that he's
Plumbed the princess but no
Who cares I mean
It's a really good question who fucking cares fucking cares. I mean, it's like I
Do Loki I need the background for my fan. I can't enjoy this if I know that he's a plumber
I don't like thing. So why he did play, you know
He'll be he'll who gives a shit who gives a shit when his fucking
Occupations because it never is once played into the game aside from the fact that he's in pipes and sewers and Jake
He's a pipe and the movie Loki the movie a pipe in overall enthusiasts. Okay, he just likes that sort of shit
He's an urban explorer. Let's make him like all
Dark Sakura has your world been turned upside down by the news that Mario is no longer a plumber whoopty shit
Brad from pod culture in our chat who by the way also celebrating a birthday today. So happy birthday, buddy Brad from bog cod
Blah blah blah, maybe I could pronounce the fucking name on his birthday Brad from pod culture says Mario has laid enough pipe
You
Know Mario is huh? He's a fucking cold-hearted murderer is what he is because he just wow
Indiscriminately kills all sorts of creatures in the Mushroom Kingdom and he trapped that poor gorilla
And tried to electrocute his child. I mean, he's a fucking sociopath
So that is what he fucking is Mario Mars a fucking asshole
Oh, but we don't pay attention to all the death and murder. It's what is his occupation?
I know that death death and murder is fine as long as he doesn't have sex better yet
Since this came from Japan did his blood type change too? Because that is very important information. I need to know his blood type
I need to know it
Orange right in chat says he caused that turtle to bounce between those two pipes for eternity
What about Luigi? Is he a plumber or is he now a ghost hunter because you know
One of those a legitimate job one is not a legitimate job. I
Mean, what's Luigi?
Wow, everybody everybody in chat just fucking let it out when it comes to Mario fifth dream says he has a shitty mustache
What about Waluigi and Wario?
There's all these people that are not plumbers, but it sure is a hell a lot of fucking overalls and shit going on
Maybe that's just the fashion in the mushroom. So if he's not a plumber
Then he's just a guy that likes swimming in the fucking sewer
He just loves diving down pipes of shit and jumping around the sewer
And none of this makes any sense anymore
Who thought it would be a good I mean, okay
So I get it that he's not plumber now because honestly the guy's been taking quite the vacation from his job
So that may probably got fired. He's like, well, he isn't he he's been missing for fucking decades now
I'm assuming the guy's dead
probably on a
Meth binge or something like that. Who knows?
Moving on
Speaking of Mario shroom head just despite all your fucking issues with Mario. Everybody's suddenly venting
Yeah, I always hated that guy. Fuck Mario. Everybody's just coming out and airing their grievances with Mario
I know you're all still excited about Mario Odyssey. Don't fucking lie
Mario Odyssey is coming out of course on the switch in October and
some more information has come out including I guess the box art is out there now and
Also some new kingdoms have been announced in the game
so there's a video floating around there on the internet and you can check out some of the new kingdoms in the game as
Well as a brand new move called the hip drop jump. That's right
You jump in the air after doing a ground pound
So you use the momentum you get from the ground pound to jump a little bit higher
The princess is very familiar with this move the hip the hip drop jump
After you do a ground pound you gotta jump over here
Dar Sakura save me fucking porn star now man with all those kind of moves save me from this discussion. How about balls? No
Pinball fx3
Is getting a release date. Whoo. It'll be out on September 26 for our PlayStation 4 Xbox one and PC and
comes with the Universal Classics
Set jaws back to the future and et
Yay
I can play pinball at home for real
Yeah, but I like these I still like these RK because I think that's the new thing right 4k
For is it 4k?
Is it 4k?
And there's also a demo out for a 16-bit version of Resident Evil for the Sega Megadrive slash
Genesis
Bobby black wolf and chat by the way saying not all of us can play it at home for real
Start soccer. You're like dark soccer. You need to check your pinball privilege. You know what what people could just come to my house
So Bobby's invited to your house
Come on out Bobby. So he can't use that excuse anymore
That sounds fair there's nothing wrong with this plan a little bit of an aside huh at coin up they have Lexi light speed
No Lexi light speed is supposed to it's a prototype modular pinball table that has a
Monitor built into the play field so you can reprogram the monitor and change out the modular parts and then make it a new game
But just saying for folks in this area go to quite up and play Lexi light speed
Bobby has also and he's talked about this on his show. He's moved into a new house
That
Is soon to be he will have that basement full of pinball stuff, so he's he's complaining now
But later I don't think it's gonna be an issue
And I still one of these days one of these days are sorry
I will have my baby pac-man machine one of these days. We looked at one. Did you really it was like six grand?
Six grand for baby pac-man for working fully shopped. Oh my god
It can wear again pimple pimple prices have gone way up
Like you could get a medieval madness for maybe five grand
Eight nine now Wow seriously all right on the anyway a 16-bit Resident Evil blah blah blah in the meantime pinball FX will work
That was the other story, but that was it that was it
16-bit Resident Evil blah blah cares pinball
Rob we need to do the pinball cast
I'm not as a pinball as you are it needs to be called look at my balls
I'll call it that why not
shiny balls I
Think I think you should find another surely there are other female pinball enthusiasts out there
You should all band together and do a cast a lady cast a lady called look at my balls
Show of hands in chat would you listen to a lady pinball cast called look at my balls?
Look at my shiny balls
They would they'd listen to it ever since you were young boy. Did you play the silver ball?
It only works if you sing it it doesn't it doesn't work right if you just recite it all right
So just just just to say the website doing that Resident Evil 16-bit PS CD. Are you?
To visit those types of places at your own risk, but
There's a demo for the Sega Mega Drive slash Genesis of basically a remake of Resident Evil
But in 16-bit, I thought you would have been into that dark Sakura, but you got distracted by pin
I got distracted by balls all right by the way balls some comments in chat Brad says best name ever
Let's see Brad also says fuck. Yes, that's two and I'm at says yes for three says yes
Rage Nader says sign me up come on Noel Gus says sounds like Manthur daddy needs a sugar daddy
When it comes to my baby Batman machine
Why now do I have Hedvig in my head? Oh my god? I got a
Tangent time I got a snapchat from our pal Victoria who has she ever been on this show
Maybe once like a long time ago, cuz she doesn't really play a lot of game. Well. She'll tell you she's now the cosplay Queen
Okay, she'll tell you she doesn't play video games
But then she'll be like I just ran an all-female D&D campaign where we do
I'm like bitch you play games you play games up. Yeah, so anyway um
But she sent me a snap she was watching Hedwig earlier today and exposing one of her friends to it
And if you've never seen this movie called Hedwig is a good word for it
It's it's like one of the greatest movies one of my absolute favorite movies ever
It's a few years old at this point, and they did a Broadway revival that was well known with Neil Patrick Harris
But the movie is great too, so that was my tangent. Thank you very much
All right
Bobby black wolf and chat says I write an actual factual thing that's neat about pinball fx3 and it gets ignored for man
They're baby. Oh hi this must be your first episode of orange launch radio welcome to the show as I mentioned
We're three friends that all met playing DDR fine. Here's the comment
Blackwell says the great thing about pinball fx3 is that they have a game mode that actually teaches you the way to play
Proper pinball today as in how to do the objectives and stuff
Keep the ball in play as long as possible ball flips that's right
All right if anyone wants to see a really good multi ball run
I did put video up of Dan playing cactus Canyon continued
And you don't always hit both flippers at the same time. That's a total fucking noob move
You hit one or the other maybe once in a while you hit both
But two rules right now what look at the layout of the field and don't play the Simpsons pinball party at the ball
bolt
If there are two things I know about bit ball that could be the first episode there's two things
I know look we're gonna talk about my two balls my two big balls right at the top of the show
Number one look at the play field number two don't play Simpsons party at the bolt now
I know that may be low-hanging balls there
Good first topic
Y'all are on fire tonight, what's that we take a week off
Should the show move to every other week because we're funnier after we have a week off or anyway
Let's get to what is in stores this week travel around the world. What's out in the u.s.. Logie well
There's certainly a lot, so let's get started with it so starting off with NASCAR heat 2 on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
For evolution soccer 2018 on PC PlayStation 3 PlayStation 4 Xbox 360 and Xbox one
Rayman Legends Definitive Edition on the Nintendo switch
time recoil on PlayStation 4 is 8
lekromosa of
Dana on PlayStation 4
PlayStation Vita and PC
Baja edge of control HD on PC
PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
divinity original sins 2 on PC earth lock festival of magic on Wii U a
hive swap on PC Mac and Linux
Dishonored death of the outsider on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
Metroid Samus returns on 3ds
Yay, NHL 18 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
Jesus and
Big week is busy week. Yeah a little bit, and then that's it actually all right
Japan's pretty busy this week too on the PlayStation 4 September the 14th uncharted the lost legacy
Which we had a few few weeks ago is getting its release in Japan
So you have that to look forward to also coming out world soccer winning 11 2018
That's right Konami's yearly soccer franchise gets its release this week
You might know that as Pro Evo soccer, which is probably coming out in Europe, but I'll wait for Jamie to confirm that
Right in five the director's cut in a regular and limited edition also this week, and that's let's see
Monster hunter front or Z gets a version with Chinese subs this week for those that need that to be able to play the game
So that's your releases on the PlayStation 4 this week on the Vita believe it or not nothing on the Vita this week
It doesn't pick up again till September the 21st so that Pro Evo doesn't sound like it's actually on the Vita this week
But on the switch this week winning post 8 2017 and champion jockey special are out this week
Both on the 14th, so you have that to look forward to and then lastly on the 3ds this week
I imagine that Metroid game yep also out in Japan the same day
We're getting it here in the US along with the various amiibo, or would it be a me by the go with it?
Dar Sakura, how about the UK?
In the UK we have a few things on the 11th East 8 lacrimosa of Dana on
the 12th we have
Dino Demi's kickoff revival for PC
Whatever that is on the 13th. We have semi spheres for switch on the 14th hive swap for Mac and PC
through steam
PES
2018 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3
What well and on the 16th paprium for the mega drive
What?
It must be one of those fan things that's officially releasing this week, so it made it on the way to its list somewhere
It's a mega drive game
Why not it took four years to make why not?
the kind of streets of Ragi
Okay, make new mega drive game coming out
only in Europe
alright
To register participation for this week's episode of orange on 380 with vog network comm use the passphrase respect
Well if that's it for releases yeah, then let's take a minute to go to the mailbag no yes
Every week you email us
Participate at orange lounge radio comm is the place to send your emails
Dark soccer is gonna dive into the mailbag head first and find some emails worthy of reading tonight
I think there's one. There's two by the same person. Oh all right two it is
Okay, oh no, I think I already read this one
I thought I did you might have I feel like one is a follow-up to the other yeah
I think one's a follow-up to the other read the follow-up
delete
deleted I
Got my Raspberry Pi in case a few days after the first email
I wrote it was really easy to set up only took a few hours now
I have a mini classic system the place way more than 30 games actually about 200 times more
So far with a lot of room for another few thousand. I've been enjoying some other three a couple of Metroid games
I missed in the past and some gamer 80d fueled random classic arcade game sessions
I just thought I'd let you guys know it was up and running
I encourage anyone who missed out on Nintendo's minis or anyone who does love classic games to give it a go and put one of
These together themselves. They're great. Thanks again fifth dream
By the way fifth dreams in chat right now saying we never did read the original email
It must it must have come in the week that we were gone
So well, I look I've actually been following his saga a little bit on Twitter and Facebook
I'm sure I did cuz I was like, but I have one
But anyway, well, we'll summarize a little bit. So it's quick. I'll read it. Okay. Okay. Hope you guys did it
I hope you're proud of yourselves. You finally pushed me over the edge to purchase a Raspberry Pi kit to make a classic gaming rig
I really wanted the NES classic the games on it were great and it was worth the price to get the games officially and legally
But of course, I couldn't obtain one. I'm I'm mildly considered a Raspberry Pi but never bothered
I wasn't really interested in this NES classic and after hearing the effery
effery
involving that system too and
The discussion of last episode you guys convinced me to look into the pie is an alternative for easy retro gaming on my TV
It doesn't seem too complicated and I have a little extra money at the moment
So I went for it as an actual if you did intend to cue the F you music
I also you don't have to Rob. I also had it ready to go. I had it ready to go. I
Also purchased a case for it that looks like a mini nest if Nintendo won't let me buy the thing from them
I'll have to go ahead and make my own
Anyway, thanks guys for inspiring me to take the plunge and do this soon. I'll be gaming like it's 1985
I'm a brand new homemade classic system fifth dream. Don't blame me. I
Bought one I I think it would have been great if Nintendo would have made enough of them
So you didn't feel you had to turn to this route, but seeing as they didn't and you did
I'm glad to hear it's running. Well, I'm glad it's working for you, but I
Don't know I have I've got ever drive
So as long as you as long as you did that put the guardian legend on it for me, bro
Put the guardian ledges you put the guardian legend on it for three
Did you see speaking of the guardian legend and I should have fucking brought this up
There is an alpha build of a guardian legend kind of remix
Oh, yes. I saw it floating around your Facebook. I think actually yeah
I'm chatted with one of the testers of it over YouTube and I'm actually pretty pretty impressed with it
I haven't had a chance to sit down and play it yet. Just given, you know work and everything
especially next week
But I I have it downloaded and the music is really good
it looks like it's got some preliminary issues with collision detection and
Tweaking the difficulty level some but it's an early fan made game. It's gonna have it looks really good. That's great
All right, too bad that franchise can't seem to live on officially. I want the guys saying it compile
I want the guys who made blaster master zero to get their hands on this
Like who do I have to blow to make that happen the entirety of compile?
Line them up all three people left for the company line them up
All right
Anyway
That's it for the mailbag if you want to send us an email for a future week participate at orange lounge radio.com
We do have some more news stories for you guys, and then we're gonna open up the skype line
Yes, Skype is back tonight. Yay
Orange lounge radio all one word on Skype Loki you first though
alright, so
Let's talk a little bit about
YouTube again
Unfortunately, so there's a whole csgo gambling foot of fiasco
I guess with these different independent run gambling sites that basically allowed you to bet on
our
Different like loot boxes and stuff and all that so
the the problem was that there's these two guys a
Trevor Martin or a T T Martin and Thomas syndicate castle who were running
These sites and they were also promoting them on their YouTube channels
But not necessarily showing that they you know that disclosing that they own these sites in fact
They even faked videos showing that oh, yeah, they're winning all this valuable loot and basically kind of promoting this stuff
So they did run afoul with the FTC
However, there was no penalty because FTC said it normally can't find defendants for a first offense
however, it did say that they could face up to
More than 40,000 per violation if they fail to clearly and conspicuously disclose any future activity
Of course a lot of people aren't too happy about that because they feel that these guys have already deceived
Quite a few people, but I guess they get a warning for now, and hopefully they discontinue their activities
You've been warned you've been given a stern warning don't do it again
Even though you write millions of dollars on this don't do it anymore
Right
So moving over to Nintendo and something that I think a lot of us have been asking Nintendo for for some time not everybody
Though to be fair is an achievement system on Nintendo's console obviously
You know Xbox the 360 and one have the achievement points system
The Sony PlayStation has the trophy thing, but Nintendo systems don't have anything at least not for now
What's kind of interesting is that there was a ask me anything that happened this past week and one of the developers?
From crunching koalas was doing an ask me anything over the Nintendo switch game at licked spear
I hope I said that right now apparently as part of this AMA
He may have let it slip that there is actually an achievement system coming out
See I'm trying to find the specific quote here in the AMA thread where it is
He said
That
Sorry I didn't have it up as soon as I was ready to go to the story here
I here we go so he was responding to somebody who asked does your game have online rankings and he replied and said
Nintendo doesn't have an official support for achievements and leaderboards like Sony or Microsoft, but we know that they're working on it
We'll see how it goes and we'll add the rankings along the way
Also the game has multiple levels game modes difficulty levels etc etc so he said we know they're working on it now
Could this be that this is something that's about to get unveiled when Nintendo wants your money?
It's the first time ever that achievements have been brought to consoles Nintendo is such an innovator
well
They could put I I said this a long time ago
Is that Nintendo could do it like coins and you could actually like you get coins when you do stuff in games?
I guess this is kind of like the mind Nintendo system
But then you could actually use those coins for dinky rewards or maybe heck tie it into the mind Nintendo system
Why not me Tomo I remember that was one of the big reasons to play me Tomo is you actually got coins
From doing stuff that you could buy like it was really it was mostly dippy stuff
It was like backgrounds and 3ds themes
You know, but but it's still something and I think at one point they gave away like for a thousand of those coins
You could get p-cross
Zelda version of 3ds like there was actual like games you could get now see it
Yes, Nintendo actually would be groundbreaking if they did stuff like that
I'm not gonna hold my breath, but even a basic achievement system would be more than they've got now. I
Agree with you. However
however
Microsoft used to do that with the Xbox achievements where certain achievements would unlock stuff for your
Avatars, all right movie and stuff. So it's been done
Okay, that's true, but I'm sure they would like to tout themselves as groundbreaking with some stupid shit like that
Yes, I mean, but I also realize not everybody out there is into the achievement thing and that's cool
But I think Nintendo has such a rich catalog
Especially if they are gonna go back if they're gonna go back and update 8-bit games like balloon fight
Let's say to play online then if they're gonna be in there having to update it to do online
Anyway, then why not sneak in some achievements while you're at it
I mean, I realize this is not something that could be done for the entire catalog, but you know some of your biggest classics
Why not? I don't know. Yeah, we'll see Oh rage nator says I can you buy stuff with you play achievements, too
That is true. You play has that
actually
Pretty useful. Yeah, you can get like dance remixes and just dance and things like that. All right, so I use it
I use why did use it for South Park Oh
Costume unlocks, right? Okay. Well, maybe okay, so Nintendo wouldn't necessarily be innovative in this department, but it would be Nintendo
So you all wouldn't care trust
Dark saga. What do you have for us?
Well, it's a little tiny bone thrown out to to Silent Hill fans, but in an interview
A
Kiriyama Oka was saying that he would love to work on another Silent Hill title if the series was revived and he said
Several times that he really wanted to work on another Silent Hill game
It was mentioned at gamescom. He said I am NOT against it, but it's hard to say
Because everyone has evolved and maybe the mindset has changed as well
so
At least we know we can count on somebody
for Silent Hill
Well, I guess if a Bomberman revival happened any and DDR still chugging along over there Konami anything's possible
But I'm just not gonna hold my breath. I'm not gonna get my hopes up over anything
Yeah, I still need to watch that Castlevania anime though. I just
So much to do so little time to do it when I need to nap. I
Was I was too busy watching the Twin Peaks revival
I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do tonight after my live stream
There's no more Twin Peaks revival to watch it ended last week
Did you know that and I had to wait I had to wait till Monday to see it
I had to avoid Twitter for 24 hours because I was worried about being spoiled. Oops. I know I know
Sacrifices, I know the sacrifices I make my eyes hurt now anyway from rolling
But I will give a shout out to John from critical myth because he wrote a great review of the finale on our website
vog network.com there. He has the whole little section there and him and his staff for the TV reviews and
He did a great one for the Twin Peaks finale. It's filled with spoilers
So don't read it unless you unless you never plan to watch it or you don't care about
Probably watch it then cuz I'm not gonna watch it. Yeah, but he did a really good review
I thought so good. I just want to give I just want to give props where props is due. All right
And act deft and chat says spoilers it ends
I don't know if that's true
anyway
Loki what do you have for us? All right, so apparently steam has been blocked in Malaysia
And the reason it was blocked is because there's this game that's actually on steam right now
Called fight of the gods and so it's an early access and basically stars different god type characters
From different
Mythologies fighting against each other. So you have Jesus Christ versus Zeus versus Odin versus
This doesn't sound controversial whatsoever. And they also have like Moses and wait, isn't this right?
Huh? Isn't this might you're describing? I don't know. It's a joke. It's a joke. But yeah, it looks like it's a silly fighting game
but of course, you know they took offense to it because
You know Jesus in a fighting game is offensive to some people yes. Yes. Yeah, so basically yeah, I
Like there
They have like I guess they're saying that
His fight introduction and there's a voice-over result. I'm back for the people
He rips his himself off the cross and uses like I guess some of the blocks of wood still
You know nailed to his hands as weapons
Wow
Well, you know what
Hey people are free to make whatever game they want sounds I mean the game itself
I mean, it's not you know, it's still very early. It's rough
Bobby black wolf says in chat the trailer says he's back and he's cross
Okay
Anyhow
Yeah, some country some countries don't appreciate that type of stuff. So if he really wants to piss people off
He'll put the Prophet Muhammad in there, too
Don't go there. All right
Moving on one more story JD says Bobby real really nailed that one and Bobby's like no
I'm not kidding. Like that wasn't a joke. That was really really in the trailer. All right
Moving on one more story for you guys tonight our last story tonight, and I hope there is a particular listener of ours
That's paying attention to this story that I'm about to talk about because I don't bring this game up very often on the show
But I felt it was worthy to bring up tonight
Magic the gathering that's right Wizards of the coast unveiled this week magic the gathering arena. It's a free-to-play title
So I think this listener it's like two favorite things combined magic the gathering and free
So it's a free-to-play title and it's being made by digital games studio
If you would like you can get in the closed beta, which you can get into a magic wizards calm
Slash en slash MTG arena or you can probably google it and you'll find it that way
The game is targeting a PC release, but they're looking to do other platforms as well
The beta is going to start with constructed play where you can build decks using all 279 cards from the upcoming expansion set
I
Shall on am I saying that right?
It's I X a la n but I think when you have an X in that context between two vowels is the noise, right?
I think each along
draft draft and ranked constructed are coming later the goal for launch to include all standard legal magic cards
The focused of the arena game will be on the newest cards and game mode because of this
We know that magic online which is a library of nearly every card ever printed from the game's entire history
Will continue to offer experiences to players that are unique to magic online
Development on magic online will continue with new card sets new updates and ongoing tournaments
So you there's both games that are going to be covered there
They are trying to go after live streaming with this and they are hoping that MTG arena will be one of the most viewed streams
On twitch and I gotta say looking at the layout of this game
they definitely know some of the things that work well with Hearthstone because um
I'm kind of reminded of it. But to be fair Hearthstone owes a lot to magic the gathering as well
So it's kind of neat that how these two games have kind of helped each other out. So imagine the gathering arena
I like the free
Portion of that that definitely is motivating to check that out. So check that out
Alright, we're gonna open up the skype line right now orange lounge radio all one word on skype
and by the way, if you didn't catch the reference their rage inator who calls into this show likes free games and
Often talks about magic the gathering
So if you didn't catch the joke just just you know
I just wanna explain it for you guys one of our frequent caller
If you want to be a frequent caller or a first-time caller orange lounge radio all one word on skype and sure enough
Wow, it's lighting up right now. So let's get to it. We have some calls coming in coming in
We're gonna start with this one higher on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, what's going on? Everyone? It's Ron
Hey Rama, good to talk to you. How are you? I'm good. I'm relaxing. I've done all my adult chores
I'm kicking back with an adult beverage. Good job. You adulthood do something adult. Mm-hmm. All right, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well first things first, you know, I totally forgot about
Metroid coming out. I know bad gamer bad gamer. It's so there's a lot happening. So it's okay
I am so I'm trying to track down a copy of the
Deluxe the deluxe edition. I'm hoping that target pulls through for me on this
Yeah
Yeah, you know what? I couldn't find a deluxe edition either
So I just I ended up ordering the regular one because I don't think there was that big a difference between the deluxe and the
Regular I think it's extra because of the CD soundtrack is some other stuff. If anything I just go to a GameStop
You know how they do know
Yeah, they'll just kind of like be like, alright here you go. If we don't we didn't sell them all or whatever
There you go. But um, this is something I want to call in and talk about real quick
I don't know. This has been this has been talked about but this is my theory on the whole
Microsoft Sony Nintendo cross-platform gaming thing
We haven't talked about it tonight
but this has definitely come up in previous episodes, especially when games like rocket league come up and I think
Specifically that one because of the fact that rocket league will be out on Nintendo platforms before the end of the year
So what are your thoughts? Oh
First things first now when you play on Xbox Live, those are centralized Microsoft servers
They handle all of that first party third party. They handle all of that. Yep
This is the main reason why you can't PC play
whereas on PC the third party companies handle their own servers and
Also when it comes to Sony you connect to their central servers first before you go out to the PC servers now
for
Unified play you would need a Microsoft account. It's what whatever email address you use to log in with Xbox Live
That's your Microsoft account
So you could tie that to your Nintendo account and if you notice on various sites
You could tie your Nintendo account to your Facebook account your Google account, whatever
That that's all said and good and I believe that is the main reason why Sony does not want to play with Nintendo like that
Because they don't want people tying their Sony IDs to the Microsoft accounts
I feel that they don't want Sony they don't want Microsoft to deal with the services. They can't handling everything
You know what I'm saying? Yeah my game my rules, but isn't it interesting that Final Fantasy 14 exists now granted. It's not on
Xbox one, but it's Sony and PC cross play true
But when I'm just saying when that time comes when it comes out on on Xbox one
We will not be able to play together because that's separate separate centralized servers unless
Sony or square whoever decide to you know, let's try to make this work
Well square is flat-out said if they won't do that, then they're not releasing it done
They're not gonna release on Xbox unless they drop that whole thing. And that's what it is. That's that
Microsoft is not gonna let that happen
But yet well they but they did with Final Fantasy 11 which was cross play between Xbox 360 and PlayStation 2 granted
I know that was years ago, but it is still an example of they can make it work true
Maybe my theory is it worked. Well, but probably higher up. So Microsoft will just wasn't feeling it
Maybe it was a deal. Maybe I don't know it was absolutely it was absolutely deal
It was we want square on Microsoft platform. So fucking badly. We will do anything
Oh, how about our MMO that we could make more money off of with your platform that caters to the America audience
How about that? And yep. Okay. Sounds good. Yep. Great MMO 360
Let's do it and they didn't give a fuck about the PC and PlayStation element because they finally got a square release on their console
That's why I did it and I think with with FF 11 once you connected the Microsoft servers
You bounced off to the square servers to play
Yes, which ironically play online at the time play online doesn't really exist anymore at least not in that form but
Play online was a joint venture between Square and Sony. So you were it was like you were using a Sony service on your
Xbox 360 I'm stretching it a little bit
But still it's it's not the type of thing that would exist today and it's weird to think that just what God that was what?
Treasures of Otter gone was maybe a 2008 release. This wasn't a horrifically long time ago pretty much. Yeah
They could make it work if they want to well my isn't minecraft. Haven't they also said that minecraft will be playable between
It's basically everything but Sony. Yeah, cuz it's pretty much
When when Microsoft when it comes out for the switch
You're gonna be connecting to Microsoft servers logging in with a Microsoft account to keep it all together
Because the majority of players are pretty much PC Xbox and you play on the PC
you're logging in with your Microsoft account there or if you if you if you've been playing micro for a long time and
You get it for the switch and you see a login says log with your Microsoft account that person will be like, oh easy
I don't have to create no new account. No, I could just jump right in and play. Yep
Yeah
It's gonna be interesting but you know people people don't seem to be threatened by Nintendo when it comes to the online space fancy that
Cuz nobody's ever like fu Nintendo. You can't join in on this
Well, usually it's Nintendo your system is incapable of joining in on this but with the switch some of that seems to be changing
I guess between rocket League and minecraft and whatever else
Slowly, but surely but I am getting impressed by the switch. Am I getting one?
Not just yet. I'm still waiting. Will you be able to get one when you want one thoughts and prayers?
Something like that, but I will say this
The next my next console will be an Xbox one. Will it be an S or an X?
We will see as the holidays come down
Might also depend on is crackdown 3 out yet, right? Yeah
And like I said, the only reason why I'm getting an Xbox one as as you've always said it's the golden rule of games
It's the only reason why my first next-gen console at time was an Xbox 360 that console has all the games
I will sit there and play the fuck out of yes, sir. That's the most important if it has the games you want
Absolutely. All right, my friend. I'm gonna let you go to see if we get any more calls
but thank you as always for the call and
Everybody should check out anime jam session, even if none of you went to Dragon Con
No, but what one of my staffers it you go. She did go and I told her to find you that weekend
Go down to the podcasting tracks find a vlog staff
Give Rob a hug. Oh, I I did not run into her sadly, but Dragon Con is a huge 80,000 people this year
She's quite a precious little cinnamon roll. Well, there's always next year cuz we I will be back next year
Might just see a unlockable character come down next year
Oh, I miss actually I think I'm allowed to say this because I think has he said it on Twitter
All right, maybe I'll get in trouble, but I'm gonna say it
anyway, my understanding is that Travis Donovan's back next year and
This is a this is a big fucking deal. Just see so I so I heard I think we need to get the all of Bob
Together, you know if we're gonna do it we're gonna do it up
Yeah, hell yeah who wants to get Raven and EJ plane tickets?
Get girls gone Wow represented and
Dark Sakura, I know I you I've been begging you to come to Dragon Con. I don't have money
I know I know it's it's something you got to save and plan for it's shall I make a go fund me
I will throw money towards it
We'll see. All right
Alright, I'm gonna let you go to get more calls. But thank you so much for the call. No problem. Stay fabulous Rob
Thank you. Stay stay stay
Stay safe
Well, I'm trying to think of something new to tell you
Okay, I thought you was trying not to say to because you might be offensive you forget
I'm the hardest person to offend in this world. No, no stay black is the longest-running joke in all our history
I'm just trying to we're coming up on episode 700 Rama. We got to we got to innovate a little bit here. I
Guess you say stay we bitch or whatever because you know, that's how I am. I'm idle trash. Weeb trash. Whatever. No, I got it
I got it. Stay drunk
All right, take care buddy
Bye
Alright
Bobby Blackwell says stay plumbing because he's no longer a plumber because he dresses as Luigi
I like that that was good orange lounge radio all one word on Skype light before I take another call here
Um any last-minute stories we want to get out Loki. Yes
There's a rumor that the 2018 Call of Duty game is gonna be set in the modern setting
The reason for that is because Treyarch has a job posting for some, you know
Combat designer with triple-a competitive shooter experience deep knowledge of firearms and modern military
Technology and you also have to be prestige one or above in black ops 3 multiplayer. So maybe another modern warfare game
Let's just hope it's not North Korea cuz I might hit a little close to home right now with all that's going on in
The world just saying IJS
Let's get to another call. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi
Hi, this is Regenator. Hey, Regenator. What's up, buddy? I
You know, I can't hear me we can hear you. Can you hear us? Oh, yeah
Sorry, I thought I hit the mute button for whatever reason. That's all right. Yeah, what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, you know, I heard a certain someone say my two favorite words free in magic
Yeah
Yeah, no, I figure you know when
If you mention it, but do you know when this the magic arena is coming out?
I don't think they've announced a date
my assumption is that most this kind of stuff you usually want to get out by holiday, but
free to play games are usually kind of held to a different standard because you know
They it's supposed to be like kind of ongoing continuous income
So, you know
You would hope that something like this if they're trying to target the mobile market would try to be out by the time that
Apple's new devices are out which you know times running out because they're likely to announce new phones next week
And what it's usually only about two weeks after the announcement for those bad boys come out. So
But I don't think it's gonna be that fast with the fact that they're trying to do this whole beta. So
Hell for all we know it could be next spring before this thing is out
It just really depends on what the developers want to do
Well, I just hope this comes to steam cuz now he is anyone on my friends list gonna
Test ooh, I played the ever-living crap out of the previous magic the gallery games. I mean
collectively I may put
Good news rage in our houses and say PC is what they're targeting. So they're not even really actually targeting right now
The the actual mobile market PC's what they're targeting. They haven't said steam per se, but does it matter?
Yeah, really exactly. That's what I thought. That's like as long as this PC somewhere. I think you're gonna be okay
Yeah, no for the main reason that I was gonna initially call before you even brought up magic the gallery. Sure
No
You know, it's a safe to say that the three of you are at least
somewhat familiar with
the RPG maker series
available
Available. Oh, sorry. I know I'm familiar with it RPG maker you guys you guys probably all know it
I mean, I've seen it in yeah, I just didn't have
Patience for it as I say I was gonna ask if any of you guys have ever used it
I'm aware of a long time ago. Okay, so I never have like I I probably picked it up in a humble thing at some
Way, but I've played things that were a result of that because I believe to the moon was out of that
Yeah that RPG maker right? So I've seen what it can do. Let's put it that way
So that's about my familiarity with it. But have I done a game in it? No
All right. Well, I
The main reason I'm big enough is I got two questions regarding that
um first now
hypothetically speaking now if I were to
Make it make a game, you know be a decent game or crappy one
And would I be you know legally allowed to let's say hand it off to
So I involved a lot to play with that
No, and be if I would do that dude, they you know, where'd they be able to play the game?
Just with the file itself that I make or where they need
the actual RPG maker software to actually write them like using like
For like a better almost like every later
Okay, my assumption and chats gonna have to help me out here because I'm not familiar enough with the RPG maker
But my assumption is that there's probably like a really cheap version that would allow you to make games
But not really publish them and then there's probably a more expensive version that does allow you to publish them where you can run the
exe is independently now obviously RPG maker has to have some sort of functionality like that somewhere because we've seen games like to the
Moon come out as opposed to how much does it cost to make something like that? That's the part
I'm not sure of okay
Bobby says RPG maker has a binary on PC so you can distribute the game
So whatever it is that you make you would be able to distribute on PC and you'd have to kind of carefully read the license
Agreement, I don't know what you're allowed to sell and so forth
But if you're gonna give it to a friend
That you know through vog or something that are posted on our discord for people to freely download or something
I think that's actually encouraged like RPG maker like wants you to do that
That's what it's for like it would kind of be stupid if you built this whole game
Then you couldn't share it with somebody so I think usually the sticky situations get into but then you profit off it
And I'm not sure what happens from there
I'd have to see the license agreement a little more carefully with that
But yeah, if you want to just design something for friends to play like that's that's what the shit is for
Absolutely do it. Oh, oh, all right. That's great cuz no, no, I
Honestly picked up one of the versions of RPG maker from humble bundles some time ago
I haven't really touched yet, but I've been thinking of doing something now
With it throwing a whole bunch of
vog references in it like what you did with the head off one
Thing you did for typing up the dead. No, like put in
Quotes and like they're like have a character like Bobby. They were mentioned
No, VR, you know have another character they would say
Yeah, we checked off, you know reject false icons stuff like that
No, you want it you want to do a vog parody RPG of some sort?
Basically, yeah. Well, I'm flattered
But here's here's my honest suggestion to you with all that and this is the total opposite of what Loki does but listen to me
Don't start off with your most ambitious project
I would say what you need to start with since I know you love dick and fart jokes make a five-minute fart joke RPG
Just so you can get in there and do it and make something and feel like you've accomplished something
Because if you try to take on the most ambitious project first, you'll probably never finish it
Well, honestly, I can't work here just yet cuz
Frankly, I've been PC issues. I won't get into that here. But once I get that resolved
I'll start working on and chances are once it all that is being said and done chances are
I'll give my project down long before time to car comes out
Say sorry Loki had to throw that shit out
By the way, Bobby black will found you might want to link us to the website
You got this from to Bobby, but he did find this whole can I sell my games created with RPG maker?
Thank you for doing the research. I
Couldn't do because I'm trying to talk to
Our caller but can I sell my games?
The answer is yes
You can distribute games you created with RPG maker or IG maker using its included or add-on materials as freeware or commercial wear
You're also add allowed to modify the materials with other software like Photoshop provided
They are only used within RPG maker or IG maker software and not sold or distributed
So anyway, Bobby linked an FAQ to you check it out and read it and I think all your concerns will be resolved
All right, cool, thanks, I'll definitely walk into that you're welcome anybody listening podcast who's curious
It's all part of their official website RPG maker web.com
Well, thanks again, and I guess I'll clear up the line just in case act after someone else wants to call him no worries
But have a nice night though. You too. Good luck with your game. See ya. Yep. Yep. Bye. Bye
You know, I seem to remember years ago and I feel terrible because I forget the listeners name
But he stopped listening some time ago. He made like a text adventure RPG
Do you remember that somebody made a text adventure RPG?
We actually had it on the olr website for a time and I played it and it was cute
It wasn't even it wasn't even done in like twine because this show is so fucking old. I don't think twine existed yet
Yeah, I just looked now
Apparently I've gotten in a few of those RPG maker bundles because I have 2003 and VX ace. Yeah
Yeah, I'm pretty I'm pretty sure at some point I would have picked one up to have like a game guru like his game
Guru is like the shittiest like build your own game engine like a lot of shit. I mean, it's just shit
Yeah, but you can make a first-person shooter game with it, but it'll be shit
Should we do should we do an RPG maker game jam at some point?
Sounds like a lot of hard that it's complicated. All right listeners
Tell me RPGs are probably the hardest thing to make because they're very complicated
Yeah, Bobby Black Wolf and chats is what we need to have another game jam. I actually yes, we do need another game
I feel a little more encouraged or something like RPG maker than I do like or we could do like
Would you do what like what they do down here in Sacramento with the IGDA is the progressive game jam?
Well, it's a longer period of time like that you work on shit
I bet you if we did want to actually do another game jam
I bet those guys would support us a thousand percent. I bet they would it's like I would totally get in on their progressive game
Jam stuff because that way I think we've been more motivating because you're with other people
The problem is I can't meet every Saturday or yeah
I'll I think they meet one Saturday a month, which isn't so bad
But it's hard enough for me to get away from the house. So I
Yeah, I get it. I get it. I would love to do something like that. I want to be motivated
It's just it's hard like this week like actually the last two weeks
It's been car shopping just car shopping car shopping car shopping. So that was
Unfortunately, what's been taking up my time there? All right. Well, I think the I think the
Skypline is dying. Nobody else is calling in but if you want to send us something after the fact
you can always tweet us twitter.com slash o LR or you can always
also, send us an email participate at orange lounge radio comm so
That's about it for tonight next week is episode
700 of our show which you would think we'd have a big landmark celebration, but
Party cake. Let's get a cake. Let's get a cake. We deserve a cake. Look. He doesn't like cake, right?
Do you like cake? I don't care. You get cake. We may not
Look at you a burrito
I like burritos less than I like cake. We'll get it in and out cake. We'll get you a burger. We'll get a meat cake
All right. Anyway, get a cake. It's fine. Get the damn cake. All right, so yes, so that's fine episode 700
There will be cake
Carvel or what a ice cream cakes. You want an ice cream cake? Oh ice creams good. I sure ice cream is pretty good
We'll do an ice cream cake cold stone as ice cream cakes, too
We can get like we get Pokemon on it or something video game themed we get Power Rangers on it
So Shane will come over. Well, I'm sure we can figure something out
Alright so next week cake. Alright, I get a person standing on the edge of a cliff
pissing into an ocean of piss
Can you make that on this cake, please? Well, we'll do we'll just have a little figure that's just turned upside down
So their head is buried in the cake
Like they've they've just offed themselves in the cake and that'll be congrats. Oh well our
year old
anyway
That's it it'll be 700 Club themes. Oh god. No. No, that's it. We're done. We're over. All right
Thank you guys so much for listening to orange launch radio and tuning in
Hey
If you like what you heard here at orange launch radio tell a friend or five about the show help us spread the word because we
Are the show where every gamer has a voice but you know only if the voices are actually here to spread around
so
Help us spread the word tell a friend leave her a view on iTunes a nice five-star review on iTunes Google Play
Wherever it is you found this show those go a long long way
You can also follow us on various forms of social media. You can follow me on twitter at sky SK ie
You can follow. Oh, I'm also on twitch at Rob Roberts on twitch dark
Sakura is also on twitch at dark Sakura underscore OLR and you don't really use Twitter as much but you're there right or
Tumblr you you're tumblr girl. So people should follow you on tumblr, right? That's right. I am Kuro Tsubasa
Spell it fast. Hey, you are. Oh you Tsubasa. Thank you
You totally watched Bravo on Twitch because he drops the n-word all the time. Don't even joke about drops the n-word all time
He says Nintendo constantly
Have you guys all seen that gif of Sasha velour from RuPaul's Drag Race season 9 going don't joke about that
That's me to Loki right now. All right
anyway
That is that's all I can think of I think that Oh Loki your social media plugs
Even though after that, I don't have any you can follow me on Twitter. I occasionally tweet on there
I don't do Facebook it really anymore. I see occasionally. I'll post something there, but
I don't know
No, I don't have anything to plug. All right, that's fine your game. That's never coming out. All right
That's it. We're done. We're out of here. Have a great night. Everybody. We'll see you in seven days for the 700th episode of Orange Lounge radio and
cake
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show
Tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network
But you know, they were all still true
See you next week
You
