Thank you.
Bring on the Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth.
Here we are.
It's the part of the show you can only hear on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
It's too hot to podcast, people.
I love this comment from SSJ100Matt in our chat room.
Those two should have a Friday night nerd podcast.
I think referring to Spike and Dark Sakura.
Would you like to be a guest on Pump Up the Volume
in the next couple weeks?
It'll take a little bit of effort to be out here,
but I would love to.
Tuesday night, we will have geek chat
in between music requests.
Kill me.
No, I'm kidding.
I love this new wallpaper.
What's the wallpaper you got?
Someone in the chat room put up Taiko no Tatsujin wallpaper
off of 4chan, so it's now my wallpaper on my laptop.
It replaced Silent Hill.
She'd be proud.
So what's the plan for the Silent Hill movie, yo?
I know we've got to go see it, but what?
Yeah, I want to get a big, big group together on Friday,
because I'm having one of our listeners and a good friend
come up from the Bay Area to come to the movie with us.
and just want to get as many people together to just nerd out the movie and it would be cool though
if we all had like those cheese hats and repainted them to look like pyramid head
you nerd that is such a good idea i would totally do that and like carry around like you know a
little three inch spear you know what's what's sad though is that i'm getting invited to a lot
of these things i mean i i'll probably do jamie's because she does have the birthday advantage
so who yeah so I'm but you know I know says it's a lot of people planning on
going to see this like a lot of video game fans I'm very excited for how
I just hope they don't disappoint us with this movie I'm very excited I would
love to do the cosplay though at at a the movie cuz that is
fuckin nerdy I mean we could put out a press release and everything in the
media would be there taping us in our pyramid head hats I'll be great
that would be awesome like a hot we should call a movie theater and try to
sponsor something locally they'll be awesome
Well, I know I'm going to be putting out a massive review on our stuff.orangechallengeradio.com
which has been given some attention by me lately.
Yes, I actually looked at it the other day and you're the only one updating it.
I think that's going to actually see a lot of updating during E3.
My personal plan is to go to the business center at E3 and do intermittent stuff updates.
And we're still trying to figure out how we're going to do podcasts.
Unfortunately, we're in a weird situation where our hotels are going to be very far apart.
So, I'm just hoping that we can somehow do the podcast still in some way.
If, you know, I've got shuttle from my hotel to E3 if someone gave me a ride back to my hotel.
We might be able to make that work.
It's gravy. Except, now this is what my hard thing is going to be.
It's because I'm pulled between doing DDR Freak stuff and doing Orange Lounge stuff.
So, you know.
I'm trying to fit everything in.
So, if worse comes to worse.
I'm probably going to skip Roscoe's this year.
You might have to contribute individual reports or something. We'll figure something out.
I'm probably gonna skip Roscoe's this year though.
Roscoe's is overrated now. It's so 2004.
I can't eat Roscoe's anymore just because I get sick off of most food now, so.
Yeah.
You know, unless I cook it myself.
All right. Anyway, let's do a little bit real quickly of how was your week, how was your day?
Just real fast and then we'll move on here to the cage match. DarkStalker, how was your week?
I had the bird flu and then I worked and it was my spring break when I had the bird flu
So thankfully I didn't have to go to class on Tuesday
Which was my flash class anyway, and I would have been dead. I've been like flash blah
I love my flash class, but God I did though. It was pretty funny cuz a week before
The teacher had us review our our animated ads, you know
I did the Silent Hill one and she spent like maybe two minutes on everybody else like 15 minutes on mine
What was she saying about it? She loved it. She said that it was fantastic
And I got I got a good scrawn except to turn it in a little bit late
But you know she just and then we actually had a discussion because I have that rain effect
But it trails off and so we decided that the way to get it to complete to
continuously scroll the rain effect is to set up new frames of animation on the
main story reel and have it replay them at different times so I'm trying to
figure out how to do that because I'm I'm still a flash newbie but at least
I've got the design part down well congratulations thank you I'm actually
working on a flash design for us I'm working on doing a special orange
lounge photo gallery but I need to take a picture of your desk oh god why I'm
going to use your computer as the frame for the placeholder for the images to
pop up in. Oh okay. But it's it's gonna be it's gonna be a month or so out it's
gonna it's gonna require so with all the crap all around and yes the crap is I'm
actually gonna add in more crap in Illustrator. Oh goody. So it's gonna be
the uber crappy desk and I'm gonna expand your desk by like another you
know two feet. Yeah I wish I could really have that that would be nice. So I'm
gonna be working on it. Alright. Um. Loki, how was your week? How was your day? Well,
my week was pretty good. I had my bachelor party last night, and I got very sick drunk,
and I basically, we went to Golf Land, um, drunk and went and played some mini golf,
And I apparently played some Mario Kart GP, which I am right now recording to my computer
so we can put it on the website, because I'm doing a lot of yelling.
And the face that I have on the thing is hilarious.
You have to see this.
But yeah, I look really wasted there, and I don't remember actually playing Mario Kart.
I wish I could tell you if it was good or not, but I don't remember.
I know I'm not getting married anytime soon, but I kind of want to have a bachelor party
just so I can get drunk and be the center of attention for a night.
I'll go, and I'll buy you drinks.
Yay!
Maybe I can have an anti-bachelor party, I don't know.
I was punching the screen, that's just- Yes you were, it was great.
Right, check out that video soon, it'll be up on OrangeLodgeRadio.com.
Spike, how was your week, how was your day?
I threw a party Friday night, which was basically a big excuse to play Power Stone with people
I don't really know.
And I played Karaoke Revolution several times.
Didn't we sing I Got You Babe?
Yes, we did!
I do a mean share, I just wanted to point out.
I love doing a mean share.
It was awesome.
Good times.
Alright.
Is that it?
Um.
You're just a regular party animal.
Oh yeah.
No.
So, yeah, no, I had a very game-centric week.
Threw a party, played games.
Played games and not at a party.
That's the long and the short of it.
All right.
Sounds awesome.
My week of my day was pretty good.
Played a little bit of, oh, fancy 11, and played other games.
And just kind of, I had a overall pretty mellow week.
Easter was today, so I went to my parents'
where we had leftovers because my parents
didn't feel like cooking.
And then, I'm trying to think.
Friday we went to that party so that was you know part of the weekend there
because you don't exactly live around the corner so it's a little bit of a
drive but it's good it was all worth it so but I was the probably the only sober
person there which was kind of interesting so that made me a little sad
tear your share would have been a little better and drunk I think probably I
would've been a lot louder and probably woken up the neighbors but then driving
home wouldn't have been fun see the reason I threw a party this week is
because I my downstairs neighbors were evicted oh that's why I wasn't telling
anyone to shut their mouth oh god that's great oh yeah we should have held held
the party downstairs could have broke in such a good idea
would've been awesome all right uh moving on let's get into the orange
lounge radio cage match sound like a plan sure all right since we have new
people listening for the first time tonight the orange launch radio cage
match is where we play three songs for you guys a clip of last week's winner
and then two new songs for you guys and
You guys vote and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge radios
24-hour day seven a week music and video game program or I should say video game and music program. Hello
So we got song number one tonight. You only get to hear a clip of that because it won last week
It's Loki's pick and I believe it was the X noise diffusion. That was the name of the song. Yes
So here it is a clip of song number one last week's winner you can vote for tonight
Remember you cannot place a vote until all three songs have played and at that time
I'll tell you how you vote, but you have to be in the chat room to do it orange launch radio.com click on chat
Here's a clip of song number one X noise with diffusion
I
Alright, that's song number one you can vote for tonight.
noise with diffusion but it has to beat two other songs two brand new songs
going into tonight's cage match the first one is my pick and I decided to
pick a song by a group called bittersweet which I think is a good name
for a band and the song is called dirty laundry and I have a lot of that on the
floor of my bedroom so I think this is a very appropriate choice and I like this
because it's kind of it's kind of jazzy that's what I like about this so here's
Here's my pick, song number two, Bittersweet with Dirty Laundry, enjoy.
And when he needs an alibi, he can use me all night
Ooh, was it fun to play the same?
Ooh, I think I'd rather misbehave your way
I'm just a bad girl, that's why we get along We'll make excuses for anything on the way
I'll pull the trigger, hit a flash, watch her hurry, step back
Ooh, what's a fun and plain escape
Ooh, wouldn't you rather misbehave
Oh, baby, show me the money, my evil friend
Let's go to Mexico, drink margaritas and
I'll light a candle, walk in love
Come on baby, let's
Ooh, what's a fun and plain to say
Ooh, I think I'd rather misbehave Your way, was it fun and play inside?
Ooh, I think I'd rather misbehave
I'm simply bad
Alright, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
Bittersweet with Dirty Laundry.
Let's go around and see if they like that song in the studio or if they want to watch
it.
Dark Sakura.
It was cute and it wasn't trans, it gets a nine.
Loki.
It was okay.
Gets like an eight.
Spikes!
That flashed me back to the Sharon Apple portions of Macross Plus.
big big bonus in my book i definitely go with like a nine for that uh that for me was music
to spank someone too ow that gets a nine from me that's hot you've been a naughty listener
you've been a very naughty listener song number three comes to us from dark sakura what did you
decide to annoy the listeners i mean bring joy with tonight hey just teasing this one's uh called
emo kid that should say it all all right here it is then song number three in
tonight's cage match emo kid just don't call dark sakura one or she'll rip your
heart out and then stomp on it dear diary mood apathetic my life is
spiraling downward I couldn't get enough money to go with the blood red romance
and suffocate me dry concert it sucks cuz they play some my favorite songs
like stab my heart because I love you and rip apart my soul and of course stab
And it doesn't help that I couldn't get my hair to that flippy thing either
Like that guy from that band can do Some days, you know
I'm an emo kid, non-conforming as can be You'd be non-conforming too if you looked
just like me I have paint on my nails and makeup on my
face I'm almost emo enough to start shaving my
legs Cuz I feel real deep when I'm dressing in
drag I call it freedom of expression which just
call me a fag Cuz our dudes look like chicks and our chicks
look like dykes cause emo is one step below transvestite
Stop my breathing and slit my throat I must be emo, I don't jump around when I
go to shows I must be emo, I'm dark and sensitive with
low self esteem The way I dress makes every day feel like
Halloween I have no real problems but I like to make
believe I stole my sister's mascara now I'm grounded for a week
Sulking and writing poetry are my hobbies I can't get through a Hawthorne Heights album
without sobbing. Girls keep breaking up with me. It's never any fun, they say they already
have a pussy. They don't need another one. Stop my breathing and slit my throat. I must
be emo, I don't jump around when I go to shows. I must be emo, dyeing my hair and polish on
my toes. I must be emo, I play guitar and write suicide notes. I must be emo. My life
I must be emo
My life is just a black abyss, you know?
It's so dark, and it's suffocating me
Grabbing a hold of me and tightening its grip
Tighter than a pair of my little sister's jeans
Which look great on me by the way
When I get depressed, I cut my wrist in every direction
Hearing songs about getting dumped give me an erection
I write in a live journal and wear thick rimmed glasses
I tell my friends I bleed black and cry during classes
I'm just a bad, cheap imitation of goth You could even catch her in the rye
And watch me jack off, I wear skin tight clothes While hating my life, if I said I like girls
I'd only be half right, I look like I'm dead And dress like a homo
I must be emo, screw Xbox, I play old school Nintendo
I must be emo, I like to whine and hit my parentals I must be emo, me and my friends
all look like clones I must be emo my parents don't get me though they think
I'm gay just because they saw me kiss a guy well a couple guys but I mean it's
the 2000s can't two or four dudes make out with each
other without being gay I mean chicks dig that kind of thing anyways I don't
know diary sometimes I think you're the only one that gets me you're my best
friend I feel like tacos song number three in tonight's cage match Adam and
Andrew with emo kid let's see what kind of emotional reactions that got out of
our judges here in the studio remember our votes don't count yours do I'll tell
how to vote in just a minute. Dark Sakura. 11. One of my friends played that for me.
That song is like the best. Very cool. It made me crack up. Loki! I didn't care for
it very much. Um, 6. Alright. Spike! My whole life is a dark room. One big dark room. Like,
one big dark room like definitely a nine all right um i you know what though i was gonna give that
song a high score but then they had to go and make fun of people that play classic nintendo i'm sorry
not cool so you lose some points for that however it does entitle the song to get a six
As in 666 the sign of the devil I want tacos
I want a 39 cent taco. Dear diary, mood, apathetic
All right
Here you go. Here's the three songs you can vote for tonight song number one X noise diffusion
Well that was a shitty clip, let's try that again.
Much better.
Alright song number two you can vote for tonight, Bittersweet with Dirty Laundry.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Adam and Andrew with Emo Kid.
Alright place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Or I'll cut you.
not in the way that you want to be cut you silly little emo kids. Alright I'm gonna
tell the chat room how to vote. Meantime hurry up and get your votes in soon
because we don't have much time so somebody needs to talk about something
to take attention away from me for a minute. Everyone needs to look at my last
deviantart picture because I'm you know my whole inner artist. What's up with
deviantart? Isn't that kind of an emo site? No it's just where people go to be
artistic artistic in this context is that another word for emo yes but not
really heart dear deviant art my soul is black it is as black as the bottom of a
kettle and because of the darkness within me I feel the need to draw nothing
but pretty light colored flowers it was sunshine and rainbows to express my
desire to have love in my life because otherwise it's a pit of loneliness I
want burritos isn't that the name of the new Morrissey single no that was you
have killed me and that's actually true the new Morrissey stuff is pretty cool
okay yeah so like let's just go back and just have Viva hate and then kill him
before he can make his other records well I like some of them I like the one
he did with Susie Oh interlude yeah that was awesome I like that one a whole lot
but I'm tallying up cage match votes right now and did you lose a sock
actually has any deviant art he wanted to share I listen oh okay cool and hooray
for everybody giving Morrissey love. Yay! I'm actually a really big Morrissey fan, I've
seen them like four times, I just, this new stuff doesn't work for me. The, um, oh she,
the Babyland last night though, I cannot rave enough about how awesome they were. Okay,
this is how the night went, to start off. Iguana Girl and I go and get sushi, which
you know, me and her own sushi, we fell right into a sushi coma, and it was beer. Fuck I
I love sushi. I have to take you to this place. It's really, really yummy. It's called Sugata in Berkeley. Really good.
You know, when I was out in Chesapeake, Virginia weeks and weeks ago, that trip I was on for a couple weeks, I had really freaking good sushi when I was there.
And who would have thought you could get good sushi in Chesapeake? But it was actually really good. I was surprised.
Well, this place that I went to was really expensive, but they were very good. And I got a free Japanese lesson.
He asked me something that I didn't quite understand. I was like,
uh, chotto. He's like, chotto!
He was just so happy that I used it right.
So I said, next time I come in, I'm gonna order like this, corretto, corretto, corretto.
Ah, are! And he laughed at that. That's pretty funny. It was a bad joke, but hey.
Yeah, I guess you have to speak Japanese to get it, because I thought it was funny.
Isn't that cute? She sounds like a cartoon. This, and this, and this, and oh, that.
okay anyway so we went on to the venue and the first band sucked so we went and
got beer at the brewery across the street and then we went back and the
Mormons were on and they sucked so we went got more beer we missed Ninja
Academy go back to listen to 8-bit and then Babyland freaking owns my soul so
yeah are you done tallying now oh they're done I'm done I'm ready to go
you ready to hear who won tonight's cage match? It's a good time let's
check it out actually I was surprised it wasn't quite a landslide vote tonight
all three songs got a lot of love in but in the end there could be only one and
the wave of the future is emo you silly little emo kids you all right if you
would like to send in an F you of the week now's a good time to do so cuz
going to read Chatroom FUs and then we're going to call it a show. Meanwhile, comments
from Chatroom, let's see, there was somebody had said something about, oh, Jeremy Todd
1 was asking, Sky, what do you think the revolution's other secret is? I think we've kind of talked
about this a little bit on the show before. It makes nachos. Yes, actually it will do
your dishes. File your taxes. Yes, and reminder, boys and girls who aren't dependents on somebody
else's. Taxes due tomorrow. Guess who hasn't done hers? In the US, yeah. Because if you're
in another country, you don't have to do taxes tomorrow, but the rest of us do. I did my
taxes back in February like a good boy, so I'm already done. Me too. Na na na na na.
I've already spent my return. Me too. Where do you think my iBook came from? Or as I call
it, actually my, it's the iBook. Because I named it after Bjork, so it's an iBook. How
cute. Will it wear a swan? I want it to.
Maybe, you know what, instead of me cosplaying
at um, Fonami, I think my
iBook should cosplay and it can cosplay as Bjork. I could cosplay as Bjork.
That might be fun. What? No, you have to cosplay with me. I'm not doing no doe.
I think you have to. I have a headband you could borrow.
I know you do. I just picked up my Sand Village because I'm cosplaying Tamari.
It's too big for my head.
And this whole time I thought you had a huge head. Shut up.
No. Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
What? Rob. What? Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob. What?
Yo. Hi. Guess what? What?
Hi. So your birthday party's next week. Yes it is. And your birthday birthday itself is on...
Wednesday.
Wednesday. I'm like Wednesday is it? And Thursday, right?
Yes, we're doing something on Thursday. I know. This has been like
the eternal celebration for me.
Okay, get this. I hung out with it's a big age
Shut up. I hung out with 40
No
You're supposed to feel better because you're not actually 40
30
But it's not as bad as 40 so sorry now
It's gonna be tales of a 30-something gamer we can have here on the we can have the 30-somethings corner
And then like play the theme song from ABC's 30-something and then dark soccer
heart
You can catch irritable bowel syndrome, okay?
Um, but no, I hung out with Disney Punk 10
on, uh, last Saturday, and then
I went to see Babyland last night, and then
Wednesday I'm going to eat at Bonn Lair, it's a pub downtown for fish and chips
Don't tell the stalker fans where you're gonna be!
okay and then Thursday we're doing something and Friday is Silent Hill and
Saturday is my birthday party at my annual Dave and Busters and Sunday is me
falling into a coma and sleeping and then Monday my massage therapist is
taking me to the pub lucky I want a massage therapist at all let alone one
to take me out are you gonna get a massage at the pub no is this pub gonna
you do the candle thing again cuz that sounds awesome I don't know is they
every so often do ye old pub night I wish they would play pipe organ music
too that would be bad ass they need to have like like bagpipes or something or
pan flute all right but and then I'm waiting for birthday money and actually
getting something that I've asked for one of my birthday presents the one from
my husband to be something for the show sweet I've asked for a high MD mini disc
recorder. I want that camcorder Loki has. I've decided. It'll make the home porno so
much easier, I mean. I may have my own camera person at E3 too if all works out. Very cool.
We hope. We're trying. We'll see. You're fierce like a diva in a good way. Can I wear a peacock's
dressed like uh... margaret showed us
you
this you you know what you like it
they put up a floor plan forty three this year bullets up nine grand i love
i'd personally love hanging out thomas booth
unfortunately
instead of when it is to being where it was uh...
is the engage arena
i don't know that we can only miss the engage yeah i don't know
I heard SNK is not in the main building this year. They're down in Kenshia.
So who took their place is what I want to know.
Yeah, but Kenshia is the cool place to hang out. It's like the indie place.
Yeah, but, you know. And Rockstar doesn't have a booth this year either, I heard.
Well, 2K has a booth and I might as well be Rockstar.
You know, we never answered the poor guy's question, what do we think the next
secret on the revolution is.
We've mentioned holographic, or what was it? What was this
stereoscopic 3D?
the low project hollow projection mention not just yes
that's the best serious answer I've got for you and Ross says more like
and gay no I'm sorry the engage is not allowed to be gay because I would a
that would disrespect my people I was just gonna go there
I don't see an America's Army booth though
you know any we need to have a contest now thanks to the chat room
where I give out my infamous nacho cheese sauce recipe
let's get to the chat room FUs shall we?
no I don't think so. we're gonna give them an old classic song to start us off
Alright, Chatroom FUs.
We're using that again from now on.
Darkknight says, FU to me working on Easter Sunday, end of line.
Illusion says, FU goes to Loki for not singing karaoke last night.
there
jason at a bx chase next piece as if you did the chat room that song blew
yay gk one twenty eight says f you to my gpu fan that it decided it wants to
keep flickering on and off
leaving my laptop hot now i have to try and fix you you bastard
many me to a three says f you to e g m for still not sending me my first issue
and i renewed in freaking december i complained to them last week and i say
They said I'd get my April issue in six to eight weeks.
Yeah, that's just like Game Informer, I haven't freaking got my May issue yet.
MiniMe283, you won our frickin' 24 contest, you have no right to be upset tonight.
I retract that, FU.
The 23rd Magus says, quick FU to having to spend an entire week feigning interest in
every little thing a relative says you should be interested in.
Also a big FU to being cooped up in a hotel for an entire week.
F you to being forced to watch five straight hours of law and order to the point where you root for the asshole defense attorney
Who looks nothing like Phoenix wrong?
Legend of Zaku says
Something and I haven't played in five months, but the first part of his F you got cut off
How sad?
Dark Ted Suya says F you to Travis Donovan
He threatened to move his show to Sunday just to mess with you guys lol
Oh, oh bring it bitch cuz you know what if you even try and move a show on two Sundays
We will bring we'll bring the spike in dark soccer a nerd show to Saturday night
Who volunteered to do this for me I
Think somebody's just bitter that we we have higher ratings this one month
It's all right. We have love for Travis for the people who don't know out there. Why don't you explain who Travis is?
Oh, he's the host of under station live org, which I shouldn't be giving him a free plug when he says such nasty things about us
But it was the show that I got my start on actually I should say my second song because I actually started on a college
Show I was the most often guest
That's right dark soccer filled in for you
And iguana girl had a lot of experience on that program as well
And it was the first life 365 thing we did and to answer your question who's taking SNK's booth. It would be game infinity
Oh, they were there they were there though
By the way chat room guys you need to send those over private message to me otherwise I miss them
I'll try cuz I know we have new chatters tonight
I'll try and read them out of the chat room
But please please please send them over private message if you want to make sure I get them
Legend of Zaku says F you to myself for not putting more money in for playing Supernova when I went to my nearby
Location test F you to having shitty stamina while playing Supernova since I made the mistake of wearing converse
SSJ 100 Matt says F you to Annie Zona
The Arizona anime convention for putting a 1,200 person cap on the convention second year in a row
they've underestimated the anime fan population in Phoenix.
Rama says, F you to the internet and file sharing. I can't find the theme to finders keepers.
Damn, that was an awesome game show. Jeremy Todd 1 says, F you the week goes to my school
because we don't have a spring break. We just get a three-day break for Easter. F you to school.
Oh, and F you to making me sit by the computers for a couple hours straight to listen to your show.
Bostone says, F you to not having a supernova test location near me. I think there was one in
chat from somebody new oh did you lose a socks as if you did the people who
hated the emo song I have it on my iPod and DJ kibbles and bits says F you to
OXM trying to qualify scoring a 10 for fight night round three and hit stun
says F you to the feedback of my voice on the skype line it's distracting turn
your volume down when you do that all right that's it what extra fur why'd you
steal a microphone you have something to say oh yeah you got to turn it on too
haha are you ever gonna do a show again sure when on some day I don't know it I
still want a title if people can come up with a fucking title I can do extra
first world of Thursdays I can call it Friday Eve oh I won't but thank you for
Well, fine.
Uh, Miklotov, say hello to our listeners.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm fine.
Yeah?
Anything you want to say about, you know, stuff going on in the world?
No.
Alright.
Wow, it was five minutes of radio, our listeners will never get back.
He said no like that was just clever or something, you know.
Are you high?
Jesus.
haha
all right uh...
friday is eve that might work actually that's going to do it for tonight's
uh... afterbirth
have a great week everybody
wooo doggy
now you have something to say miklotov what everybody go watch silent hill the
movie this coming week we already talked about that
when is that uh... on friday
on friday
the twenty first the night it opens
I'll talk to you more about it later than what time. I'm thinking either the last or second to last show.
I could probably do one of those. So I'll post a time up in my life journal.
Okay cool. And tell him about the cheese hat idea.
I want to get cheese hats and like repaint them to be pyramid head.
So the color of rust? Yeah. That'd be hot. So we all go in. We have to fill in the holes.
Cause I don't want to be a broken pyramid head. We'll be the broken pyramid head society.
haha haha haha that sounds depressing
and we need a little like three-inch you know spikes
I'll just take a knife
how about a real knife? We go in with sporks. Oh sporks would be cool.
We go in with sporks.
Extrofer, Darktide Studio sent me a private message suggesting if you make like a
forum thread or something they'll help you with names
really? So make a post. I'll see if I can
pull that out of my ass. There you go.
So... I love how a talk about pulling things out of your ass suddenly made you go,
Oh, hey! I was peaking and pulling things out of my ass.
Um, forgot what I was going to say, so thank you, Sky, or Ski, or your legend Sky name.
I'm a legend? Yeah. I am a legend!
No, I said alleged. Oh.
I thought I was legend. No, you're not. That's a great book.
That's a great movie. Yeah. Stop talking.
Um, I like beer.
What do you want to say, Ex-Super?
Wonder shows and is so freaking hilarious.
Like cancer.
Rob got to watch some of it last night.
All right.
I'm seriously ending this show.
So tune in next week for more fun here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Here it is, kids.
Your fortune cookie message over the day.
I will send a flood to wipe out all the bad things.
I will save two of everything, but everything else goes.
And there will be lots of umbrellas.
You, Noah, stop what you're doing and build me an ark.
And Noah, who is Sean Connery, who is...
I'm working on a speedboat at the moment.
Speedboat's much faster. It'll shoo across the water a lot faster.
It'd be great photos for the Bible.
No, I appreciate your sense of publicity but I want an ark with a big room for poo, it's
going to be important.
Speed boat, let's go for a speed boat and we can get all the animals with long ears
they can sit along the side of their ears and blow them out.
Because I like that.
No, you build me an ark, put a big motor in an ark if you want compromise.
Alright. So he started to build himself an arc, started sawing up timber.
That's not actually how you start sawing, is it?
You start sawing by going...
That first bit where you...
Then you're into the middle bit of...
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, where you feel like your dad.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, when your dad used to say,
I'm off out to the garage to soar a plank of wood in her.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, kiddo.
There we go.
No reason for it.
Let's see if Dr. Banosky is still on television.
Be a scent of man.
Sundays with my dad that was so yes, so the middle bit of song whoo and then the end goes back into
After a while Noah realized he was actually punching a baboon
Alright kids, that's it, end of line.
