Alright boys and girls, we're back here for the Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth, it's that
part of the show that's too hot to podcast, only available when you listen live here on
OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Let's see, what should we get into first? How about a little bit
of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day? Chat room, go ahead and send me your FUs. Send
them over a private message. I have neglected them for the past two weeks. It's high time
we got to read some for you guys. So go ahead and private message me your FUs and we'll
read them tonight. In the meantime, let's do a little bit of How Was Your Week, How
Was Your Day. Loki, you want to start us off?
my week. I finally got my bonus money to which I purchased my laptop. I got this
gateway. It's an MX 7525. An Athlon, a mobile Athlon 64 bit 4000 plus. It's got, well
had 1 gig of RAM in it, now has a gig and a half because that's all that the
motherboard will allow. 100 gig hard drive, which is all the motherboard will
allow, because I think it's a bit older. Windows Media Center Edition and an ATI Mobility X600
card with 128 megabytes of RAM dedicated and 128 that it shares from the main RAM, which
is awesome. And it's pretty hot. I mean, literally pretty hot. My lap is really warm. I need
to really get one of those cool mats for this, but it's a pretty slick computer. It's got
interesting stuff on it. The only thing I don't like about it, one it's Gateway. I
don't really dig the cow computers too much, but this was an open box computer
so I got it for $300 less than it was, and so it wasn't bad. And also it's gonna be great
for video editing. That's all I can say about that. And what else? Yeah, bought an
G2 card for it. It's pretty slick and good for podcasts. It's just gonna be pretty nice
to have something on the go. I did get an orange backpack that goes with it, you know,
because I want to be cheesy like nerd. And yeah, it's gonna be awesome. All right. Spike,
thank you for filling in tonight. Appreciate it. It was my pleasure. It's always a good time.
Sorry to take you away from festivities in the living room for a little while, you know,
to do our crappy little show, but we appreciate your contributions.
And by the way, cosplay at Fanime, per our conversation at IHOP earlier, is
gonna rock.
I have the best idea ever. This will be a legendary cosplay, that's all I have to say.
It took everything in my power not to bring it up during the show.
I appreciate that. I'm gonna wow you all with my elite cosplay skills.
How was your week? How was your day?
My week was really great, except that I hate,
you know having to earn money to make my life happen
i know that all like earning money things i do
jobs are so overrated
seriously
on them but uh...
no much my day and my weekend
which i've you know spent in your apartment has been awesome
i'm glad you had a good time
my part is a fun time
not as fun as my bedroom though
just kidding
jokes i
old snap so
cosplay
i want to be a duck don't you know what that now you just jump the shark nana
anything else bike
no i'm not really i spent my whole week with my free time playing kingdom hearts
and uh...
final fantasy eleven which i was hoping was twelve
and it didn't work out that way
mom sorry
i'm i'm gonna come back to promise eleven this week i took a week break
because they need to get me put off some time to catch up to us
If you really want to play Final Fantasy XI with us, you can always send me a private message
on the forums. Don't send it to me in chat, because I'll miss it tonight.
Best way is to send me an email or private message and we'll get you.
If you want to play me on Xbox Live sometime, just know this,
because some more people have been adding me to Xbox Live lately,
just because I do a podcast on video games with my friends does not necessarily
mean I am very good at gaming.
It means I love gaming. I like to play games. That doesn't mean I'm good at them.
So chances are you will kick my ass.
so please don't expect that i will actually be a challenge chances are
i will be like you know playing a ten-year-old i was a one hell of a
challenge at full auto unfortunately i sold the game back because i got all my
achievement points damn you
but if i were to borrow it again i would be one hell of a match
it was just one of those games you know
online wasn't that great
it was laggy and
really glitchy at times so
full auto 2
when that comes out second uh... i'd love that game
needs
death match
needs a death match like twisted metal because i think that's the only thing is
missing from a game is twist mill style death match
uh... let's sell my week in my day uh... i don't really have a whole lot to say
outside of the gaming stuff uh... you know just uh... i have with the casino
was fun i guess this weekend even though i lost money it was good to just kind of
go with friends and hang out
watch some movies friday night uh... watch
mister mrs smith which i hadn't seen yet
that was funny i like it would you just made a wincing noise over there low-key
in like it was okay it was funny it was a fun movie why do people hate on
angelina jolie so but she's really funny like i really like to remember the
i don't know why it's considered like selling out to be an angelina jolie
fan she's really funny
so what if she's like you know adopts cambodians or whatever i think that's
She's into helping the world and all that stuff.
You say it like it's a bad thing, like we should throw rocks at her for it.
People make fun of her for it all the time.
Do you watch E?
I know you watch the same shows I do on E television, they totally rag on her all the
time.
There's nothing...
That's for being crazy and having her ex-husband's blood in a vial around her neck, it has nothing
to do with the children.
Okay well that's a little weird.
Okay you know what though, that just makes her kind of like Frankie in a, I don't know.
I had the making out with her brother thing, but come on, the blood?
He wasn't even hot.
I know.
Like that would have made it okay. The brother was pretty good looking, her brother.
But yeah, her ex, Billy Bob, yeah, no, thanks, no, bleh.
Alright, forget it.
This conversation is going, eepshh.
I also watched a really old movie, well not really old, it's from like a few years ago,
it was Academy Award, I watched In the Bedroom.
It was, you know,
it was good, it was sad,
a little bit.
this has nothing to do with gaming whatsoever that's what you get when you turn into the
afterbirth is you get to hear our
our stupid stories from the week. Wouldn't it have been great if they
made a game based on the movie?
What, in the bedroom the game?
Yes.
No, that's the stupidest idea I've ever heard. As stupid as the guy game?
That's the second stupidest idea I've ever heard.
Have you ever played Chuck Rock? No.
rats have you ever played uh...
i'm trying to get like the worst eight big games i've ever played
master chew in the drug nerd who have you ever played that game
what why would you make me remember that
you're still hardcore for a memory a color dreams game
that makes me love you even more
remember color dreams loki
card games
you so not cool
It's because you're a kid.
I'm not a kid. I'm just teasing you.
Someone in the chatroom just badmouthed
the Bucky O'Hare game for NES.
I think that was a Konami game. That game was awesome.
I don't think I played it, I gotta be honest.
It played like a licensed Mega Man game.
Really.
Wow, that's cool.
Alright, let's go to the chatroom and read
some FUs, because you guys are getting angsty tonight.
So, here come your...
I mean,
you should see, oh my god, we're just lit up
with FUs tonight because like they're just- and I bet you half of these are gonna say
FU to Sky for cutting out the FUs for the past couple weeks. You know what? We've just
been busy. Deal with it. Alright, let's get into tonight's FUs. Sorry, I'm queuing up
some music we can listen to for the FUs. So we'll use some of our old theme songs here
as we get into chatroom FUs.
Uh...
Sexyparty
Darkknight would like to say
F you to a SIX Day Work Week coming up for me
and F you tospeaking clues
to Time Changes, Amen
Furthermore
Nigr hey
Fevermaniac64 says
SCHMr
K
U commercial
S
P industries
X
U to
M
F you to
myself for being so unwise staying up to 12 a.m. with the fever is not good
you're right sir it's not laser one two three four five two three two one says
f you to you sky where's my era good cool fat mix mp3 oh yeah I forgot to
send that my bad gk 128 says f you to Microsoft for teasing me with Xbox Live
gold such a short time for free now you asked me to pay $50 you win Microsoft
fire boma says f you to my former choir teacher being accused of six counts of
child endangerment. I always wondered why the whiteboard was blocking the window on
the door of the classroom. Yikes. Raven's Dolphin says Microsoft making prettier games
gets his FU. Xbox to Xbox 360 making it prettier for more money FU Microsoft. There was a sentence
in there somewhere. Jazz says FU to Final Fantasy XI. I've been camping a monster for
a fucking week against Gill Sellers and he still won't give me his goddamn gloves. Squeenix
fucking hates me welcome to Final Fantasy 11 summer camp dark Tetsuya
says fu to beat mania song list I could barely scrape together an out phase
expert course let alone a Taku or Taka themed one oh and fu to the mode that's
depicted in the attract mode Konami says it's not actually in the game way to go
spirit snare says fu to Apple for releasing boot camp which has now really
wanted me to make me purchase a Mac VX Jason XV says F you to Cox for sucking
something of the same name Rama says F you to my TV my TV turns black and white
after a few minutes and it sucks to play games and watch TV on it I need a new
TV cry Roz says F you to illnesses I started off just getting headaches it
developed into 103 degree freaking fever I somehow screwed up my back and
couldn't walk for four damn days which drove me insane because I can't hold
still fortunately I still had advanced wars although when you're about to pass
out you will probably not be on top of your game in tactical warfare speaking
of advanced crack F you to Ouseum because it's so incredibly lame
Xander C says F you to Latin it still isn't done people still have to learn
Latin that makes me sad damn Romans F you to Kingdom Hearts 2 says Xander C
sure it rocks but now I suck even worse a guitar ooh man F you to my friend for
not bringing back my guitar hero game F you to not having any ecstasy yeah
ecstasy shame shame I hope you mean the song and DDR F you to not being a duck
F you to the big face that chases me down in the kitchen I like you too much
ecstasy legend of Zaku says F you to not being able to use up all my meals for
the week due to Easter vacation F you to my school for not acting fast enough to
get rid of a mouse that was terrorizing my apartment since we had to corner it
and scoop him up in a box and release him outside F you to my sneakers since
They are on their last breaths leaking water into my feet.
DJ Pooh Eater would like to say, F you
to the guy who cut me off this morning,
making me spill my chocolaty ice cream treat onto my lap.
F you guy, damn you to hell.
I miss my chocolaty treat.
My pants are wet.
My lap is cold.
F you guy.
GS191 says, F you to myself for sucking at BeatMania.
F you to the Postal Service for losing my Gamefly mail.
F you to the MacBook Pro for not having a delete key.
I have to log into a domain and can't do a control alt delete to log in.
By the way, I'm not buying a MacBook Pro until they fix this.
And F you to work for making me work stupid long hours.
Fuck working in retail.
Illusions says F you to people that hate Bucky O'Hare for NES.
Yay!
SSJ100Matt says F you to my boss for trying to get me to work on Thursday which is a Jewish
holiday that I requested a month ago.
F you to totally unrelated Skype calls killing everyone else's time that has something related
to say and F you to Nintendo for not throwing people a curveball and not naming the revolution
the dolphin and lastly agent 47 says F you to EA because they're evil and F you to the
guy that directed house of the dead there you go chat room you got your F use aren't
you happy now stop your bitching so much gosh it's painful no our show would be nothing
without the chat room and we appreciate you guys over like 40 people in chat
right now we love it we love this attention that you guys show us our chat
room is open 24-7 during the week although we know you guys you know have
other things you want to do than lurk in our chat room all the time necessarily
but the chat rooms always there and I know like there's a few people like dark
night and dark Tetsuya and misty and some of them that check in during the
day and we'll say hi to you if they see you there so check that out also there's
There's also spin-off shows that we do here on this network.
Tuesday nights, pump up the volume, Dark Sakura brings you her quest show.
I imagine she will be back, assuming she's over her sickness.
She'll be back this Tuesday at 7 o'clock, and the Rob Roberts show is on Wednesday at
7 o'clock.
Hey, that's me, that's my show, and we play music and talk about tech geek stuff and whatever
sounds like fun.
And if you're Xander, you hate all the music that I play, so, you know, because I have
bad taste in music apparently. Well I do, didn't you get the memo that was going around
the office? Alright, oh, don't forget the wiki quote. Matt's wiki quote is currently
being queued for deletion. If you wikiheads want to do anything about that, that would
be great. Somebody suggested merging it into an Orange Launch radio article, which I think
is a great idea, because then somebody could also quote the line from Tonight Resident
Evil 4 bitch would be a great quote from tonight and other things so save the
wiki quote those you wiki heads that know how to do that but if it gets
deleted we're not gonna cry it's not the end of the world that Matt would
probably rather see it go I'm assuming maybe are you just want to add lucky
before we get in the cage match reading they have some more info about red steel
we're talking about in the first part a they're actually talking about like some
of the stuff that's done with the controller anyways. This is also from the Game Informer
article. The development of the game started just right after E3 2005, which is interesting.
Basically it's going to be a martial arts setting. The camera will be controlled by
the rev mode. The analog stick and the two buttons are going to be for moving and jumping
up and down, or jumping and ducking, I should say. You can actually... the first, like,
third game, they said you have to be extremely brutal in killing people. What else was kind
of cool? They're going to have multiplayer online in split screen, and a bunch of different
unique multiplayer modes, and... I don't know, it says it doesn't feel like a light game.
And it says, AI is intelligent, will cover while you're attacking, and attack while you're reloading.
And it says, the AI is based on benchmarks set by fear, or the game Fear.
So, looks pretty sweet.
Alright.
Oh, and one thing I thought was interesting.
They're going to have some different like, I guess, interactive parts where you'll be talking to people.
and you can are given like yes no answers and you can nod your head using
the rev mode for yes or no kind of anything else really quickly before we
get into tonight's cage match no all right then let's do the cage match
shall we I just passed the song on beat mania the other day finally got my way
way back I you know I'm getting my skill back at beatmania finally I can I
actually passed a couple of others even though they were the low-end fours and
sixes but I passed some seven stars I'm working on the eights because I used to
be able to pass colors that was a nemesis I passed nemesis once that's
probably the hardest song I've ever passed so I'm starting to get my beatmania
skills back and I ordered night style because there was a website having a
sale and I'm not gonna give them a free plug but they were selling it if you
want to know send me a private message because they're selling it for only $40
which I thought was a good deal so alright let's get into cage match night
song number one is a holdover it was dark Sakura's winner for the last two
weeks in a row will it win again tonight you guys have the final say you got to
be in our chat room to play along orange launch radio.com click on chat song
number one tonight it's only a clip because you heard it last week it's
Babyland, some great indie rock here with Gary is the song. Enjoy!
We grow from experience We go on because we know there's nothing worth
And quitting to bow down to the negatives
We hold strong
Because we know there's something worth awaiting
This is the part of me that I understand
No, I can't control the wonder that I'm surprised
It's building, it's building
Don't tell me I'm wrong I'm living hard to be part of something new
The straight lines and the stereotypes are gone
As nature continues to crawl Curved lines in the big city skies
Bright lights and open your eyes to your eyes
We live for the experience
We go on because we know there's something to this wanting
Drown it in your eyes
Drown it in your eyes
Let's go!
I've got the super power
I do what I can, but that ain't gonna fly
Cause I know what I am and I apologize
I can't remember the artist who puts the compilation together.
But anyways, it's this song brought to you by this group called XNoise, and it's called
Diffusion.
It kind of reminds me of a Beatmania song.
Alright, here it is, XNoise with Diffusion, song number two.
Enjoy
Space, energy, an illusion
Oh
Oh
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Oh
Oh
Okay, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, X-Noise with Diffusion.
Let's go around and see what everybody in the room thought of that one.
Loki!
Turn your mic on, buddy.
I liked it.
I have a longer version than I normally listen to, so that one's off of a mix.
Nine.
Spike!
I thought it was a pretty good song.
And graded on a scale of 1-10?
Oh, on a scale of 1-10, probably an 8.
Alright, super.
Uh, Xtafur, hi!
Hello!
What would you give that song?
I would give it a damn 8.
An 8.
Any reason why?
Absolutely no reason whatsoever.
Nelly, what would you give your fiancé's song there that he put in the cage mat?
I wasn't listening, but I'll give it a 10 because I love him.
Awwwwww.
She's putting porn on my laptop, by the way.
Why are you such a...
Nellie, why are you just...
She really is putting porn on your laptop.
Nellie!
Why are you...
That's...
Oh my...
That's a f***ing matter.
Why are you...
Why are you putting that on his laptop?
Because look how disgusting.
That'd be so funny.
Like, if he shows it to somebody and he doesn't know it's there, like, I shouldn't even show
him that I'm putting it on there.
I know it's there.
Do you endorse your fiance looking at porn?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Can't be a hypocrite.
Alright.
Alright, let's go to song number three.
Song number three is my pick tonight.
It's the goth in me that's making me put in this song, or the EBM master, I don't know
what to say, but I like this band, they've been around forever, but I've just started
really liking them.
And this is their new single.
It's called Chrome and the band is VNV Nation, enjoy.
A million faces each, a million lies For each and all, a crown disguise
Prompts for action, false reaction Embodied promise to a machine so pure
Have the measure of blind ambition The testament to your singular disease
Get so wisdom you heed no warning Your desires giving you away
If I could change your mind I wouldn't save you from the path you wander
In desperation dreams And this soul can set you free
And I still hear you scream
And everyone, you'll never see no motion
Fighting innocence, a fire to set you free
Your actions turn conquest to dust
Importance to fate
You foolishly place trust
Sense fear in your broken breathing
Resolve to shadows till your body splires
All creation has a promise of heaven
Until you travel the road to hell
I'm saying nothing for the good of myself
But I'm still talking and you're not listening
If I could change your mind
I wouldn't save you from the path you wander
In desperation dreams
And this soul can set you free
And I still hear you scream
In every breath
In every single motion
But in innocence
A fire to set you free
Snythe descends upon the city The streets are cold, the lights go by
In the stories of the people A million faces, a million lives
They'll never say they feel what you feel But they can see the world you see
And in their faces there are explosions A million faces, a million lies
Okay, that was song number three in tonight's gauge match, BnV Nation with Chrome.
Let's have a look and see what the folks in the studio thought of that one, Loki.
That was okay.
This is seven.
I was a bit distracted by my fiance trying to put porn in my laptop.
we all spike I'd have to give that one it and probably a nine I'm a big fan of
V&V I used to spin them at clubs years back following them for a long time I
really like those guys spike do you have any live shows coming up coming up you
want to plug I should have given you another opportunity on the podcast um I
have something coming up but I don't want to talk about it until it's a good
deal but probably in late may I'll be doing a few clubs come back to the show
and give give it a plug and throw in something gaming related for us that's
Well, I'd probably close the night with one of the Xanadu mixes from DDR.
You're so badass.
Because, well, the thing is, one of the shows would be at a gay club.
Okay.
So, Xanadu, bam.
All right.
Extover.
V&V Nation, Chrome.
I think, um, I will associate Kant with that song, because I saw it on Loki's computer.
So, that deserves a pretty much a 9.
I'm glad to hear it.
Uh, Nelly!
What did you think of V&V Nation with Chrome?
Again, wasn't listening, so I'll give it a 10.
Yay!
Yay!
I give that song like a 9, because I like VMV Nation, and that song makes me wanna dance
like I'm in Silent Hill.
Like the people do at the club.
Like, have you ever been to the Goth Club?
They dance like they're in Silent Hill, they're like, oooh, and the sirens are going off.
Alright, place vote now!
Let's review the three songs you can vote for tonight.
number one baby land Gary and song number two you can vote for tonight
x-noise with diffusion that's a bad clip let's try that again x-noise with
diffusion
I can't find a good clip
And song number three can vote for tonight is a VNV nation with Chrome
Lace vote now send a private message to sky in the chat room with your vote for song number one song number two or song
number three you guys have about 60 seconds to do it because we're about
ready to pull the plug on this show because if you can believe it we've been
on air for three and a half hours straight and we need air we need to go
outside extra fur you came into the studio I'm sure you want to ruin the
show somehow what do you want to say I didn't have anything I bought Harry
Potter and Russian today why because it's pretty cool did you watch it yet I
watched some of it now for those for those who don't know you're you're
learning Russian mm-hmm now some folks figured this out because I posted a
picture of the TV on our forums, over at ornithonshire.com, because I was showing my Xbox 360 with a
Mario Kart background, and you can actually see the little tag on the TV that says the
word television in Russian. And that's because you have scattered the apartment with index
cards. They're only supposed to be there a week, if I remember right, but they're all
still there now. I can take them off now, I know them now. No, it's fine, but how do
you say television in Russian? Televizor. Oh, so he's learning! That's great. So tell
us about, now what was your adventures today? My adventures today in Russian? I went to
a Russian video store and it was like I was in another country and Nellie was with me
and she's putting porn still on Loki's computer. I was going to give her gay porn websites,
she didn't want to do it. Aww, do gay porn! I think I got the impression that Nellie thought
the gay porn was porn was boring didn't you think that I like lesbians I told
you boy God no you really lucked out in you no he's the funniest person in the
world and the reason why is because earlier we watched the science the
Silent Hill making of little I already told the story during oh man sorry you
You can do it again. You can tell your way if you want.
Oh no, she's just funny. She's just like,
the pussy's scared of paper.
That's so funny.
You guys are so easily amused.
It's not funny.
It's funny. People should go to Nellie's
MySpace too. Oh yeah.
Nellie has the best MySpace
I've ever seen. You don't even have Orange Lawn's
Radio Friended though, do you? No, but
I will today. Okay, well
then how can they find Nellie on MySpace?
know. What's your username? I don't know. Nellie. Is it just Nellie? Yes. So it's not
like the rap. It's not going to bring up the rapper? No, it will bring up the rapper. What
you got to do just it's kind of kind of like the six degrees of orange lounge or something.
Go to orange lounge. Go to Rob's page or actually no because she's not in my top eight right now.
She's in my top eight. She's in extraverse top eight though. Okay. So go to orange lounge and
extraverse in the top eight and then Nellie. And your picture isn't really of you though.
It's of you throwing babies, right? See, you gave it away. I was going to say. I'm sorry.
It's a picture of my favorite sport, which is baby throwing. It's hilarious and nobody at my work thought it was funny because of bastards.
Seriously, Nellie has the best MySpace page I've ever seen and you'll know why when you go there.
She does.
So go to the Orange Lodge Radio MySpace, then hop over to Exeter first.
Make sure your sound's up.
And then make sure your sound's up and hop over to Nellie's.
Yeah. That's how they do it.
And I helped.
I need to count up cage match votes now, so somebody's gotta fill time.
Matt, help us fill time here.
Loki, think of a story that we haven't talked about yet tonight.
Well, let's see here.
Oh, I was going to say, there's another Grand Theft Auto Liberty City story.
It's a PSP cheat device update.
And they added now where you can adjust the water levels.
So you can like flood cities and stuff and drive around the boat.
Which is kind of fun.
You know, and I'm surprised they should really put out tools like that.
that because it is you know it adds more replayability to the game and I hope
that they take you know a lesson from you know the users requests on like you
know custom more customization for the multiplayer games and stuff like that
because it really needs it other than that I was gonna say I hope I get my
game informer soon because you know friggin a everyone gets theirs before me
I haven't got my new issue of you know Xbox magazine it's already in newsstands
So it's like what the hell is the point of subscribing to a magazine then if I'm getting it late?
What are the demos on the new Xbox magazine is it with me buying the new Xbox magazines gonna have?
What was the 360 demo on there? It was something good. It was I
want to say the 360 version of
Hitman blood money I want to say is on there I
Can't be positive, but I thought that's what it was. I do know it has hit man on there as a demo
I'm not sure if it's current gen or next gen, but, oh god, what else was on there?
Just some really good demos though, but I want to say Hitman was on there.
I can't remember though.
I looked at it for like half a second, so.
But Game Informer is always good, they're always, you know, the ones.
It's really weird because their website, a lot of the news is like really sketchy.
You know, some of it's, you know, accurate, most of it's not.
But their magazine, it's, you know, pretty accurate.
you know seems to be like they have a lot of exclusives and stuff it's like
there's such a separation between the website and the actual magazine but I'm
I don't know all right you ready to hear who won tonight's cage match sure all
right it was a landslide vote tonight and although all three songs got a
pretty fair amount of votes we had a lot of participation tonight thank you
chatroom thank you for exercising your democratic right to vote I'm sorry I
I will shove this microphone up your p-hole.
The winning song tonight is X-Noise with the fusion.
There you go.
It was either this or a song that was by Rammstein.
It sounded like it should be in Silent Hill.
And SSJ100Matt would like to remind you,
P. Diddy says, vote or die.
Vote or die.
Even though I don't think P. Diddy voted
in some of the earlier elections.
But hey, it's Diddy now.
I'm sorry. Diddy what? Diddy what? Wait, it's just Diddy. He lost the P. Fucking artist.
Someone knocked the P out of him. Stick with a name. Yeah, I know. Just pick a name and
stick with it. You know, it's like, you know, they're not like, you know, different clothes
or whatever, or Pokemon cards or something like that. Next to her, your audio is so jacked
up tonight because I had to turn it up for Spike and now that you've got it, you're like
That's exactly what you sound like.
Crambor.
Just take the mic away a little bit.
Nobody needs me.
Because Spike holds the microphone way down here.
Nobody needs me.
But you hold it like you're going to make love.
Nobody needs me.
There you go.
Much better.
Alright.
Hobo, hobo, bot, or whatever.
Winobot.
Winobot.
Alright, we'll allow a chance for Xdefer and Nelly to give their final thoughts since they
didn't get a chance yet, and then we'll get into our cookie message of the day.
Nellie, do you have a final thought?
I learn new things about porn every day.
Exta for your final thought.
Cunts really do look like flowers.
Alright, here it is kids, your fortune cookie message of the day.
Oh
And there it is, the Kotemu version of V, always a good time.
That's it guys, we're now going to cut off the stream and take you back to Bomani and
Video Game Music and much more.
Thank you guys as always for supporting independent radio and Orange Launch Radio, we love you
guys so much.
Jamie, get better soon if you're listening, and take care, have a great week.
