who syndicates our show weekly. We also let them have a crack at this little live
segment.
So tonight we thought okay we're not going to be having a live show next week
because
Loki's getting married, right Loki? Yes.
So we thought, and we have a lot of chatters who wants to know, who
is Loki getting married to? So we asked her to sit in for a little bit so we could
say hello. So please say hello to Nellie.
Hi everybody. How you doing? I'm doing good. So
you're getting married to Loki next week, correct? Sadly enough, yes.
Why do you say sadly enough?
Sadly for him. First thing they wanted to know, are you into video games at all?
No. No, why not? Because they're boring.
Do you think they take away from
cuddle time? No, I have a pretty rigid regime in the house
where he can't play them when I'm there.
I don't understand the fascination.
You don't? No. That's right. I don't even know how to use the buttons.
What are you into? Porn.
As you've told everybody already. I was just teasing though. You don't have to
say that just because I said that. Are you really into porn?
I guess. And what kind of porn do you like? All kinds.
All right, that's cool. Dog porn. So there's not a single like dog porn?
She's just trying to make herself sound freaky because you're marrying her.
How long have you and Matt been together?
It's going to be five years in July.
So what made you choose the 30th for your wedding date of April?
I don't know, random.
Did you just throw a dart at the calendar and that's what you got?
Actually, sort of. I opened the calendar and I pointed my finger and there it was.
How did he propose?
I can't think.
It was that awful.
No, but there was a lack of clothing at that time.
Ew! Oh God, I gotta wash my brain, I gotta wash my brain. No, it wasn't that bad, it was very sweet.
I was Loki's roommate at the time.
Yes you were, I think you were probably like right outside too.
Like with your computer. Doing video games. Masturbating, I don't know.
Oh maybe, I don't know. Let's see.
What else was I gonna ask you? So he's going to E3
like a couple weeks after the wedding. I know, bastard. And does that
piss you off? We've come to an agreement about it.
Okay, what's the agreement? He gets to go to E3? And then he gets me a present.
But what if he brings back a t-shirt?
Then he's gonna be in trouble. No! Anything he'll bring me I will love
because I love him and he basically lets me have whatever I want anytime I want.
So, it's about time I gave something back. What is it that you see in Loki?
Because a lot of our listeners, you know, think he's a dick.
They're fucking dicks. He's hot! I'm just kidding. Everybody loves Loki.
all right they just you know it's just the man except for the Apple fans cuz
that would you do you use computers now
a computer yeah
I know you're not that bigger he likes those stupid
pretty computers oh my god you like apples
they sell pretty so you like apples only cuz they're cute
I don't need to do anything on it I just need to be able to access my email look
a porn of course
not that it yeah the first day I had this laptop
I freaking couldn't even work on it at work because I had to go to a conference room to
remove the porn that she put on the backdrop. I'm funny, shut up.
It was great. It was like this giant vagina
and the girl like didn't even do a good job waxing because you could see the
little hairs growing back. It was so funny.
Now I gotta leisure my brain.
This is why we don't podcast this little bonus segment here.
Well I actually did that during the show. I know you were, the week he got that laptop
you were, the first thing you did was started putting porn on it.
yeah cuz I was asking if you want a gay porn site so you could use I was trying
to send him some time
what kinda work do you do for a living
you don't have to tell us where but you know what kinda work I talk on the phone and yell at
dumbasses all day really ever had any really annoying customers you just gotten a yell at
completely I don't yell at customers I yell at notaries
and every notary is an idiot pretty much okay
I don't know I don't have any funny stories I should have prepared better
that's alright well you came on here last minute you're a good sport did you see the
shirt we got him
last week? Yes, it's funny, he wore it to work. Did he? Okay.
That's good. We just want to make sure you weren't going to be offended by it, but I knew you.
Game over! You know it's totally true.
I know! He's done for!
The chat room is saying, uh, Loki's whipped. Is this true?
No.
Sometimes I wish we were a TV show. Oh!
Plug my Myspace thing, it's got a picture of
how whipped he is, I guess. Does it? Okay, so you're in the top eight on our MySpace, I believe.
Didn't we move you in there? I think we did. So if you go over to MySpace.com
slash Orange Launch Radio, Nellie is in our top eight, I believe. I believe we put her in there.
I think so. So check it out. And they want to know what Loki's shirt in the video you just put
up on OLRPSP.com says. It says, I'm a groom, I'm doomed, or something. What? I'm a groom, I'm doomed,
show me your hooters. Didn't they custom make that shirt for you? Yeah, it was my best man's
fiance that did that and then there's also bumper secret says
I have a large penis I just didn't bring it with me or something like that it's
stuck on the back. Did you see the little buttons Nellie too that we had the little
bachelor party in progress a little light up titties
yeah those are cool those lit up for a really long time the next day they were
still flashing mine never flashed ever I guess I knew I
yeah I knew I was gay
uh so who planned the wedding you or Loki? Me
Oh my god, I should let him plan a wedding. It'd be like all computer party wedding
You know, I went to a wedding where they had halo at the resale a wedding cake
It was a yeah halo wedding cake and a reception with halo. Can you guess who that was? Oh, wait a friend of yours
He's a friend of the show
Yes. All right. I don't we'll tell you we'll talk more about it later
Um, I don't know if there was there anything else I was gonna ask you is anything else I should ask her about
about? I don't know. What do the listeners want to know? Oh, the listeners already linking
your MySpace page. They're in the chat room. They're good.
Wow. It's really not that interesting. It's just a specific picture. Again, Matt's best
man's fiance made me a little favor too to take with me for my bachelorette party because
I had my party the same day. What did they do at the bachelorette party?
Nothing. They wouldn't let me have a stripper. And then my coworker, Ejreen, who knows my
taste she got me this video is called I walk a mile to see some camel toe and we
watched it and my boss watched it and so now everybody knows I'm weird and I had a
peanut cake. Oh can we put that on our website? What? The video? If you want to. What was I gonna say? Let's see
somebody was saying here uh somebody want to know your boob size but you
don't have to tell them that. Or you make it up. You know they kind of vary if I gain weight it's a D if I lose
waited to see right now I'm fat so you're not fat she's not fat okay Nellie
thinks she's fat she's really not she's a gorgeous gal and I'm so high is a
lucky motherfucker you know you know I like to you know I love you know even if
you hate video games you know I love you I know all right let's see I'm just
trying to think there's any more here they want us to do a broadcast from the
wedding but I don't think that's gonna happen I'm actually in the wedding I
know Rob's in the way don't I have to don't I have to subject myself to Jewish
traditions for the wedding? Yes, you do, you have to wear a little yarmulke. Shut up, Matt, nobody asks you.
Because you're Jewish, right? Yeah, I'm a Jew. Okay, well that's not a problem. We have listeners that are Jewish.
I have my Jew gold. After we're married, I shall show Matt where I stash it. Like South Park. Oh, you see, you like South Park.
Yeah. Okay, there you go. Oh boy, too hot for podcasts. That's right, you know, I will only
subject myself to such, you know, religious traditions. Well, one, I've never met a
Jewish person I didn't like. Seriously, I've never met a Jewish person I didn't like.
I can show you a few. I know, I'll probably meet some at the wedding, you know.
Ha! Yeah. But, you know,
I'm willing to try new and interesting things. It'll be fun.
Yeah, all kosher.
Alright, we're going to talk about games. So anything you want to say to our
listeners, our hundreds of thousands of listeners? Hi, listeners! Get a life!
Okay, thank you.
That's Nellie everybody, Loki's fiancee, the lucky gal.
Alright, let's shut the door. New listeners in chat tonight, we really appreciate that you guys.
Thank you so much for, you know, tuning in and supporting us.
It must be working, people must really be telling their friends, or maybe it was the,
could have been that story too, that got a little bit of publicity a couple weeks ago.
Wonder if we got anybody through that, I don't know.
Most people, who have their microphone on, most people
actually probably ignored that. I know a lot, there was only one
site that actually mentioned us, well not really mentioned us, they mentioned a site
that
stole the story from another site, that stole the story from another site,
about the story being correct
when the whole Castlevania thing came out. Yeah, that's right, when the
Nintendo Power confirmed the Castlevania thing, like,
nobody said, oh I guess this proves Orange Lawn's radio story is true.
But you know, that's how it works, is that people don't care
where the news originally came from. So why stop caring too?
well we'll see it was you know what we're gonna just make announcements on
the air only so that only our listeners get to hear it from now on and then the
rest of you guys can see it. I've done that before and everyone ignores it.
That's true. Well who cares? Our listeners found out that's the important thing.
Maybe it was just me. I seem to have an entourage of newbies. I don't give a shit about other people.
I seem to have an entourage of newbies. Maybe it was just me. I don't know. Maybe.
Alright let's go around. This is the after-birth portion of the show.
We don't podcast this because you know we talk, maybe we talk a little bit about
games but you know we talk about us and you know what we've been up to and just
a way for our fans to connect with us over the past few years because we used
to do this show for three hours when it was the Balmani show but if you
actually listen back then you know it would be about 30 minutes of Balmani and
then two and a half hours of you know fucking around. It was a train
wreck but it was THE train wreck. It was a train wreck everybody was buying
tickets for, at least all three of you that listen regularly.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Magus!
Ah, my week.
My day.
Well, my week, high point in the week was going down to Dave and Buster's for a very
special birthday.
Not mine this time, though.
And a little bit of pet peeve about that.
They card everyone who goes in, and me, I'm almost 21, almost.
They card me, I can't get in until the special birthday guest comes on in and says, oh, he's
with me.
But the thing about Dave and Busters, Dave and Busters is awesome.
If you haven't been there, it's, Rob put it best one time as Chuck E. Cheese for grownups.
Or I also say it's a Las Vegas hotel without gambling.
Well, pseudo-gambling, you have like the- Gambling for children, the tickets thing.
Yeah, tickets.
You can get all sorts of shit there, and just all the machines they have are just pristine.
Aside from that, I haven't really been doing much lurking game facts a bit, getting some World of Warcraft, trying to get my character up a couple honor ranks.
What level is your character in WoW?
Currently 56, almost 57, Orc Rogue on Maelstrom, that's RP PvP, emphasis on RP.
Wait, Maelstrom, I wonder if that's the same one he plays on.
No, but it's not, it's not PvP, his isn't PvP, I don't think.
He plays on Malfurion.
Malfurion, yeah.
Very close name.
It's PvE, it's one of the newer PvE servers.
He's 60 on PvE, or on Malfurion.
Xtifer is what we keep pointing to, my roommate.
So, but I stopped playing World of Warcraft, I think my highest character was like 25.
I didn't play very much.
It's kinda sad and I'm kinda ashamed of it. I started on Maelstrom on the day Maelstrom was launched, the day RP PvP servers were launched. I started my character, I started Croth, I started that rogue. And it's been about six months since the server came out, and I'm just now getting to sixty.
Wow. Well, you know what? That's okay.
Stop and smell the steelbloom.
I played Final Fantasy XI for two years and never got a character to 75.
In fact, my highest level is 55, which is like nothing. Nothing.
Like, right before I quit, I was finally doing Genkai 1, which is the...
Limit Break 1.
Yeah, break the limit for 50.
And I... just... because I'm a slow player.
But now I'm making better progress the second time around on my new server.
I'm having a good time.
Even though I gave Final Fantasy XI on Xbox 360 a negative review, I'm still playing it on Xbox 360
because I do like getting to sit my fat ass on the couch and play. I just think a lot of people are really going to be turned off by the whole front end stuff.
And you don't want to feel like you wasted the money on it?
Yeah. I guess that's part of it too. I don't want to feel like my money's wasted.
Alright, anything else?
Uh, no, that's about it. I'm doing much.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Um, my week was okay. I've been busy.
Just, I don't know, just kind of getting work stuff done. I have a ton of stuff we've been doing for E3. I've been buying lots of things.
I still don't have my confirmation. I'm getting scared.
I would just email them. Personally, I wouldn't worry about it, because if I got in, why wouldn't you get in? That makes no sense.
So, it's just because at the end, everybody's submitting their stuff last minute.
I know. I hope I get something tomorrow or I'm going to cry.
Just, yeah, be patient.
I've been doing business cards and stuff, website stuff, and just, I don't know, getting
ready for everything.
Finally, I got kind of a surprise.
My coworker, ironically enough, one I don't like too much, but apparently she has her
good streaks now and then.
She's all, so you're on the E3?
I'm like, yeah.
And she's all, well, um, Joel, do you want to, um, we have an extra invitation for the Nintendo party. Do you want to go?
I'm like, hell yeah! Do I want to go? So, um, they were-
Does the chicken have a pecker? Of course I want to go!
Yeah, they were, they were, apparently they're going. I don't know how they got in.
Um, apparently someone she knows, she has good ties with people, so I'm getting in.
Have her pass those ties along to us! Jesus, Dark Soccer and I want to go to that too.
I want to go to Sony too.
Here's the thing, hook me up.
Hook a brother up.
But they had a hell of a time getting me in, and they don't have any extra passes, otherwise
there would be no problem.
But you know, probably next year will be a little different story, so I'm looking forward
to it, because I cannot wait to try it, the revolution and stuff, so yeah, it should be
awesome.
Alright, my day and my week were okay, as I mentioned before, I've kind of talked about
a lot of it already, because of course I went to Dark Sakura's birthday thing yesterday
at Dave and Buster's and watched her drink a little bit.
By the way, just so you guys know what I got her for her birthday, I got her a
Thing of Patron,
the tequila she really likes.
It ain't cheap, let me put it that way.
But it's hers. Let's see, what else did I do?
Besides my car getting broken into, I just kind of sat around on my big butt
and played video games. It was kind of fun.
And went and saw Silent Hill. So yeah, I pretty much talked about my week already in
different parts of the podcast.
I don't live that exciting of a life, I'm sorry to say.
But I'm looking forward to E3 coming up very soon.
What are we, like two weeks away, three weeks away?
I remember we have this coming work week, another week, and
then E3 week.
Scary stuff.
And we just booked our hotel finally, too.
So we're going to be not that far from the E3 outpost,
because we're going to be doing stuff with our buddies
over there at allgames.com, which should be fun.
And it is open to the public all but Wednesday night.
I think all the other days it's open to the public.
So you can come down to the E3 outpost, and they're going to
be doing games and you know all that good stuff it's basically it's kind of
like a cyber cafe from what I understand but it's consoles and you can rent
consoles they have like HDTVs and Scott Rubin who used to be with G4TV.com and
his buddy Lawrence they do a show there every day over at AllGames.com so
they're gonna be doing that for E3 as well we're gonna be doing something
I don't know with our buddy Bobby who also does a show over there should be
Let's see, should we get in the cage match? Do you guys have anything you want to talk about? Anything random?
I don't have an agenda for tonight. I didn't come up with anything, so...
I've been actually working on that, because...
Okay, I'm trying to... My stupid laptop... Now, granted, I know everyone's like,
Yo dude, I got a Mac! No, listen, I wanted to do stuff with my laptop.
So anyways, the whole problem was, I found out the reason why my laptop was crashing,
is because the RAM I had apparently was bad.
and so I had a a gig stick in here that I bought for a hundred bucks or whatever
and you know I looked at him like you know this already has a gig in it
and upgrading it only to a gig and a half you know four hundred bucks isn't
really a great deal
so I turned around took that money they got from the gig step bought
a a mini disc player for recording
audio interviews and wireless mics to go with that
so that's kinda cool but on top of that I've been trying to get my computer
network my computer home it works fine with this one course I just fucked it up
about a second ago when I said disable the wireless connection because I was
trying to job I was trying to change the network because it wasn't seeing you
because I GG but anyways hopefully now it's working no it's not because Windows
sucks good job same as my cage matches on the internet and you need to download
it well then I guess we should get into tonight's cage match shouldn't we so cue
the music remember to participate in the cage match you have to be in chat
www.orangelaundry.com click on chat the way the cage match works since we have
some noobs tonight we're gonna play three songs for you guys you hear a clip
of last week's winner and then two new songs and the winning song goes into our
regular rotation over at orangelaundry.com all week long until we claim
another winner so starting off tonight Dark Sakura's pick won last week you
guys like the emo song so it's the winner it was Adam and Andrew was the
artist and it was emo kid and I've seen this on a lot of my spaces so maybe some
you guys have heard this before here is a clip of song number one you can vote
for tonight Adam and Andrew with emo kid mood apathetic my life is spiraling
downward I couldn't get enough money to go with the blood red romance and
suffocate me dry concert it sucks cuz they play some my favorite songs like
like stab my heart because I love you and rip apart my skull and of course stabby-rip
stab stab.
And it doesn't help that I couldn't get my hair to that flippy thing either.
Like that guy from that band can do.
Some days now.
I'm an emo kid, nonconforming as can be, you'd be nonconforming too if you looked just like
me.
I have paint on my nails and makeup on my face, I'm almost emo enough to start shaving
my legs.
Cause I feel real deep when I'm dressing in drag, I call it freedom of expression,
Let's just call me a fag, cause our dudes look like chicks, and our chicks look like dykes
Cause emo is one step below transvestite
Stop my breathing and slit my throat
I must be emo, I don't jump around when I go to shows
I must be emo, I'm dark and sensitive with low self-esteem
The way I dress makes every day feel like Halloween
I have no real problems but I like to make believe I stole my sister's mascara
Now I'm grounded for a week, sulking and writing poetry are my hobbies
I can't get through a Hawthorne Heights album without sobbing
Girls keep breaking up with me, it's never any fun
They say they already have a pussy, they don't need another one
Stop my breathing and slit my throat
I must be emo, I don't jump around when I go to shows
I must be emo, dyeing my hair and polish on my toes
I must be emo, I play guitar and write suicide notes
must be emo my life is just a black abyss you know it's so dark and suffocating me grabbing a
hold of me and tightening its grip tighter than a pair of my little sister's jeans which look great
on me by the way when i get to all right that was uh song number one tonight's cage match last
week's winner adam and andrew with emo kid a nice long two minute clip for you guys uh will it win
tonight it's up to you guys in chat but you can't vote until all three songs
have played and the second song tonight is my pick me me me and I picked a song
by a band that I like a little trancey band called Phragma and the song I
picked tonight is called radio waves which I think is appropriate and I just
downloaded some random trance compilation and this is on it and I
I figured you guys needed a good, uh, trancy song, so here it is, Pragma, Radio Wave, song number two, enjoy.
You take me back to the familiar
There's no way back, but I still see you I'm searching through forgotten airspace
through white noise. You reach out to me. You reach out to me.
Radio waves fill the empty mind Radio waves from the lows and highs
Radio waves keep the flame alive
I need love soon
Tryna get home
Brains in my mind
Brains in my mind
Song number two was by Phragma tonight, Radio Waves, let's go around and see what our studio
thought of that.
Remember, our opinions are just that opinions, it's your votes that make the decision.
Andrew, what'd you think?
I like good chopped up type of beat, it doesn't get boring.
Good synth, really meaty bass, I could've used like a little more kick to it in some
higher regions but uh all really good really trancy little tune uh really good for ambi
i'd give it a nine that's a really comprehensive review usually get people in here and just go
sucked three good job uh low-key okay seven see see what i mean look at what that asshole did
uh me i i like it i think the only problem i have is it gets a little quiet in the middle part and
i'm like oh i'm gonna fall asleep and then oh shit i just woke up like i said could use a little more
tick exactly it could use a little more kick in the butt in the middle uh
he's about cowbell more cowbell would have done good in the middle
eva god do you know how old that saying is i mean seriously i think we
i think you know what i would like to happen is that christopher walken like
goes on the today show or and something it says okay as of today that cowbell
shit is retired stop and that's it people would have to
listen this is christopher walking oh yeah that's all right all right uh nine
from me because i like pragma all right loki what'd you pick tonight
I picked a song
A remix of song that we actually won cage match
Yeah, butch by the way has been in the cage match about four times now under different remixes
No, it has not listen. It has not been under in different remixes. It's only been under the cage match once
one time I
This is a remix of pendulum
Hold your color. This is the bipolar mix and it's actually quite different how appropriate
We have a bipolar song and an emo song in tonight's cage match. Gotta love OLR. It's good. Trust me
It's off their single. So it's pretty cool. All right, here it is
You be the judge chat room song number three hold your color the bipolar mix by pendulum enjoyed
I will look into your eyes and so will they
You try to save yourself, but the circle is complete
She hasn't always been so cold
Heroes killed at self-control
And being able to breathe
Thinking luxury
She's soaking through
To cut against the wall
Where they take everything away
Put your colors against the wall
Don't leave us awake
Time is slipping away
No time to claim damages
With me shouting to space
You looked into your eyes
And saw what we were made of
You tried to save yourself
The circle is complete
You didn't need to go to waste
But in a way the change was due
The ship has been destroyed
This is just the water
Soaking through
Hold your colors against the wall
When they take everything away
Hold your colors against the wall
When I don't believe it's your age
Time is slipping away
No time to claim time and trust
Since we're shining through space
Song numero three in tonight's cage match pendulum hold your color
don't hold your votes though what do you think Andrew I liked it kind of had the
kick that Rob's song kind of lacked it was like they couldn't decide on a tempo
went from mellow to upbeat to fucking hyper I like it I'll give it a 9.5 half
point off because Loki you're a goddamn cheater we love that man to that Loki
it's a remix goddamn cheater what's your really different song at least it wasn't
like the last one I think I give it a 10 because I've been listening to song I
love it it is my number two to today but I give that song a nine it would have
been a perfect ten but one point off cuz Loki's a goddamn cheater all right so
here it is the three songs you see I'm a little more harsh than you Andrew three
songs you can vote for tonight starting off with song number one Adam and Andrew
emo kid I must be emo I'm dark and sensitive with low self esteem the way I
dress makes every day feel like Halloween and song number two you can
vote for tonight, Phragma with Radio Waves.
And song number three you can vote for tonight, Pendulum, Hold Your Color, Bipolar Mix.
Place vote now, send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote, do it
now now now now now punch the keys for god's sake
it what look at what do you what
okay i don't see you make disgusting faces often uh... takes a lot to shock
loki
there's a day and that's another game it's going to xbox live arcade
who know
what that's cool i'm sorry i like you know screw you screw that of the child
that's all i could show room game that's not at all but i don't know you know
know what card game needs to come to Xbox Live and if you know of this game, I love
you, so I'm waiting for the chat room to shout it out.
It better be first game.
Come on.
Come on.
Not bullshit.
I don't like that.
I don't like bullshit.
Bullshit is easy.
You just never lie.
And if you have one of every card, all you do is never lie.
Alright, alright, alright.
It's a math thing.
Alright, favorite game?
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Milborne.
It's a French card game and you're like a car and you gotta go a thousand miles and
you have the stop sign or the red light, green light and then you can puncture people's tires.
It's all a card game and I'll tell you what, it's one of my favorite card games I remember
from when I was a kid.
I swear to God I'm not crazy, stop leaving me like that.
Somebody in chat room has got to know what I'm talking about.
Screw that, I'll just play speed.
There was a computer version of it not that long ago.
I need to find that again.
Maybe one of our listeners knows of an abandonware site or something where I can find this because
they had a collection it had Racco and Millborn and there was another one what
was that other really popular one phase phase 12 I think is one of them I think
there's another one though that's really popular it's like a gin rummy thing okay
I'm looking at chat now okay some people know what I'm talking about there see
some people have it there. Okay, well tell us more about Uno on Xbox. Well, I've got
actual screenshots of it. Apparently, Xbox Oxide or whatever, Xbox-ide, whatever. Their
website, they have, not only that, they have pictures of MotoGP 2006 gameplay. Apparently
they were sent some debug ones. But, for our in-studio guests, there's a picture of Uno.
looks cool impressive
I know you actually the play looks like it's a players online
that's cool how can you say that that looks bad I just you're a bad man Loki
when this was come out I
I don't know it doesn't say it's they just have a debug version of it right
now
on live do to do to do
on phase 10 says color soccer that was the
thing I was trying to have a show they're showing some the
achievements Uno, Bluff, Multiplayer, Quick Change Artist, Wild Abandoned, and Ace.
I don't know what the hell those are.
So for you Achievement Point whores, have fun.
Ooh, Color of Sakura linked me to a Millborn game. That's
funny. This is not the same one I'm thinking of, but this will work.
You can change the rules, that's kinda neat.
I don't know, I guess I'd play this, you know.
All the horsepower they have in that system, they're using it to play card games.
kind of a way this is the xbox live arcade stuff i i i i don't know if you
know
more part of them for britain
games on their day so i i i i was like our case was before she did all games
others lay stuff in their i want some damn monopoly or scrabble on uh...
xbox live arcade
i want all game shows turn in xbox live our gallon match game
on xbox live
uh... remote control and i thought i'd remote control
hell yeah
these um... shots of was a very once a link to what you're looking at loki
they're they're getting foamy at the high lengths now
okay it's xbox socks or xbox i dot com excellent also place i dot com same type
of thing
basically say that a bunch of media on it
uh... so i will give you the link to the site book market it's a really good
reading and watch uh...
some videos of stuff that you might not even see in other places so
uh...
anyways
doo doo doo
there you go
and
all right i'm still tallying up cage match votes this is your last chance to get it in
let me check playside here see if they have anything cool
they have uh... tech in dark resurrection videos
if you want to check those out
What's that? What's Tekken Dark Resurrection? That's the PSP version of Tekken 5.
Oh, okay. That's right. The arcade expansion thing. Why don't you just call it Tekken PSP?
Okay, here's what you need to do. Go to PlaySide, www.playsyde.com,
and check out the Ridge Racer 7 scans. And the main one I'm talking about
is this picture that they actually have on the little icon for it.
Look at that car and tell me that does not look real.
Because that thing...
I'm sorry, it looks like a real car. I mean, what do you think?
I mean... Ooh, that's sexy. Yeah.
That's like... See, I saw those scans for Ridge Racer 7. It looks pretty sexy.
I mean, this stuff's looking a lot better than Ridge Racer 6. I don't know what the hell they did with the Ridge Racer 6, but...
Ah, yeah. It's gonna be sweet.
I don't know. Alright, you wanna know who won tonight's cage match?
We got the votes all tallied up. I'm done. Ready to go.
I don't give much time anymore to vote you get a vote quick I it was very very
close only one vote determine the winner but in the end there could be only one
and it was
hold your collar
which I goes to show me that you all support goddamn cheating
good job whatever who color soccer link me to another
no born PC game the one I'm thinking I've had
other card games in it it wasn't just no born it was like the official mill born
game
and it had Racco and see this is another shareware one
good a good start but not the same one I'm thinking of it had Racco and
I think phase 10 and there's some other game I just can't think of the name
all right
we're about ready to get into the chat room FUs of the week I'm just waiting to
get a few
so they're open if you want to send in your FUs of the week send those over
private message
meantime what was the chat room talking about earlier Clerks 2 right when's that movie
supposed to come out
I don't remember. It's soon, I know that. I have to admit, I'm not that excited about it.
I love Kevin Smith movies, don't get me wrong, except I didn't really, like Jersey Girl was
kind of whatever, but I understand why that movie was made. But, I don't know, my excitement for
this movie hasn't been that as great as it should be. Is that a sign that I'm turning 30 soon?
I'm starting to wonder. I'm no longer an angsty 20-something.
August 18th.
August 18th.
I'll go see it because, you know what, I've watched
every single Kevin Smith film good or bad and I did watch Jersey girl and I
didn't like Jersey girl but you know what I sat through it and watched it and
I will go see this because I love the Clerks movie I love the Clerks cartoon
more the cartoon than the movie but um I think it could be still funny I'm just
worried they're gonna try to pull it off like you know Jane silent Bob Strike
back not so good I mean it was an okay movie but it just wasn't as good as
as edgy as Clerks. It wasn't, you know, smart. Just kind of dumb humor. But, um, I'm all
for the Clerks animated movie, which is supposed to be coming out after Clerks, too. That's
the next thing he's working on. Clerks, Clerks, Clerks. They need to bring that thing back.
I mean, if anything, god damn it. This is totally off topic here, but, you know, speaking
of, like, we were talking about G4 earlier, and how they don't really have anything related
to video games anymore, I see another network going this way.
And it's really sad.
Cartoon Network is putting reruns of Saved by the Bell on.
No, that's awesome.
You shut up.
That's awesome, because they showed Jesse's song
on Thursday night, which, by the way,
is the episode that is, I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
All right, all right, it's retro and awesome,
but it's not cartoons.
It's not cartoons.
No, you're right, it's not.
But here's the thing.
of the sh- you know how it usually says Cartoon Network at the very bottom of the screen?
Instead what it said was, um, Crappy 1980s Live Action TV Show Network.
What?
Which I thought was great.
Which is funny because Saved by the Bell, that particular episode was 90 or 91, it wasn't
in the 80s.
Got you.
Serious story.
Got you.
Whatever.
But anyways, if there's anything, they need to put, you know, the Clerks animated series
on Adult Swim, because that would be perfect.
God damn right.
That they need to bring back Invaders M and put it on Adult Swim as well.
like all these 15 minute things and they really need to resurrect a lot of these old shows on
there and i think if you think about it it worked for family guy it worked for futurama what the
hell give it a try with the clerks gk 128 says there's a rumor that cartoon is actually trying
to produce new saved by the bell episodes what like saved by the bell the newer class
year three or your that you know get elizabeth berkeley back what the hell she done you know
what? Give it a try. And Lark Voorhees! What the hell happened to her? No love for Lark.
Unless it takes place in the 80s, fuck it. I don't want to modernize Saved by the Bell.
I don't want it. I live through that. I don't want it. I think they should make Saved by
the Bell edgy. What was that one show that was on Fox for a while that had to deal with
the fact faculty you know and stuff I'm where the hell is called now teachers
tiger class says what Cartoon Network needs is to put that old 80s Chuck Norris
cartoon on oh hell yes color of Sakura says they need to bring back freakazoid
which met with yes cheers in the chat room and freakazoid movie live-action
Jim Carrey playing the lead that way the coolest shit ever SSJ 100 Matt says
Adult Swim should stop putting full house and putting fucking clerks on
there they have full house on adults with a rude the fuck is that for real I
don't think so better not be I only heard of just save a bell interesting
but how was it gonna laugh are they really gonna have that for a long time
that seems like one of those things like you know what Eric recently they're
airing like all the big episodes they're not airing everything I don't think I
don't know cuz Jesse's song was just a song had the music video in it too it's
great episode. It's quality television. I t-voted, I swear to God.
If they want to play something at like three in the morning that's like you know
just like the eighties no live-action TV show hour that's fine they can do that
but don't go with G4's doing this.
Haha, Ichiban Crush says in chat, Saved by the Bell is only gonna be on Adult Swim for
two weeks.
Okay well that's cool. Then they can see they're airing all the
memorable episodes and then they can go to a different crappy 80's show. I think
that's cool.
I'm sorry. Okay that's fine then, but the whole thing is
I don't like what they're doing G4. I'm just like
who the hell is directing? I mean seriously someone needs to go, okay um
yeah G4 is supposed to be TV um
about games um please explain how
Fastlane, Star Trek,
any of the Star Treks, Brainiac,
they sidestepped it. They sidestepped it. It's not TV
About games. Yeah, they're not...
It's TV for gamers.
Yeah, and it's not really games, they've kind of admitted it's not really about games anymore.
Not all gamers watch Star Trek, most of us do.
Plus, didn't you see the press release this week that they hired Howard Stern's girlfriend
to be the new host to Filter?
I thought that show failed.
And it's not gonna be...
Well because they're bringing it back and it's not about gaming topics, and they're
gonna be...
Icons is now no longer...
It wasn't about gaming topics when it was a...
Icons is no longer gonna be about gaming topics, it's gonna be about like JJ Abrams, and those,
those like who's the guy that did X-Men Brian Singer and all that stuff and what was the
other thing something about Attack of the Show being retooled so they're adding another
co-host to it yeah who is not even a game type person so well most of them weren't anyway
I feel sorry by the way Dark Knight wants you to know that the Chuck Norris cartoon
show comes on at 5 45 a.m. well that's awesome what channel I guess Cartoon Network Chuck
Norris wants you to get up early to watch the show.
Well, let me put it this way, okay?
I just feel sorry for the G4 TV staff members that are there.
They're still staying there and kind of going through this transition.
I mean, it's kind of lame.
I'm still pissed when they ate up tech TV.
I'm still sore over that.
Well, you know, that's why we like getting to work with Scott Rubin as limited as we do.
Hell yeah.
Because we get to work with someone who jumped ship before it all went downhill.
That's how we know he's a smart man. He got he got off that sink and sink and ship before
It hit rock bottom. I just I don't I
Don't get it all right now. I'm a gamer and I don't get it. Let's get to F use okay
We're gonna get to the chatroom F use we have a lot of them
So here we go tonight's F. You music is being provided by kid whatever who is on the show earlier tonight done done done all right?
Alright, um...
Shauron says,
F you to Girl Scouts for selling amazing cookies at such a high price.
I don't have no big monies to buy no fancy cookies.
F you to my computer for turning off at random moments for no good reason.
F you to myself for only just finishing my huge project for school.
Laser123454321 says F you to Sky.
There's your shirt.
Where's my era?
Good cool fat mix.
I think I remember something from the Rob Roberts show, I have to check out this link.
I'm supposed to send him an MP3 and I haven't.
My bad, laser, I'm sorry.
Boned.
I know.
Let's check this out here, I gotta, God, oh, I wanna, control V, come on.
In which Rob gets completely whipped by his fans.
I can't get the link to come up, how sad am I?
I'm gonna send that idea over to Busta T's.
Alt F4, bitch. Alt F4.
Lazer, post it in the chat.
Did You Lose a Sock says,
What was song number two that lost by one vote?
It was the emo kid song.
And then the other one was only two votes fine.
F you to Nintendo of America for not bringing
Mother 3 stateside, but tip of the hat
to Nintendo of Japan for actually making the game.
If you lose a sock, don't lose hope yet.
If it's not announced at E3,
then get angsty, okay?
Givem says,
to oblivion for taking up all my time yeah I see you're on my xbox live friends list you are always
on that damn game gk120 of course i'm always on follow me i'll see you later uh gk128 says f you
natsume for taking three shitty this gen harvest moon games to finally release one awesome one
in magical melody go natsume make another luffia we want it andy thps says f you to korean online
games for their insane xp curves the ichiban crush says f you to that shitty famicom game
I had to review for lostlevel.org which made me lose my love for Puyo Puyo
Dance Cook says F you to my friend Andy. He talked me into playing strip advanced wars with him and I lost horribly
That's hot. Also F you to the book pulp because the ending made me really emo by the way
I wasn't mad when you called me dance cook earlier
Well good because I just called dude that again
Phoenix Rising says F you to having to work so hard to level in MMOs and the overratedness of World of Warcraft
Minecraft. Phoenix Rising would also like to say F you to Sony for opposing homebrew
so much. I will gank you. Color of Sakura says F you to Dreamline out for cancelling
their appearance at Bamani Fest 2006 and making Tokyo Game Action look bad. I didn't know
that. That sucks. That was like their big draw was that Mr. T, oh my gosh, that sucks.
Oh yeah, the whole Tokyo Game Action. I didn't know that, that's the first I heard of that.
I'm going to do that right now, www.b-e-m-a-n-i-s-t-y-l-e dot c-o-m and this is Rob typing aggressively,
that's me typing with one hand because the other hand is on my microphone, sure it is,
yes an actual microphone, sure, let's see, duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh
Where is it? Where is it? Where's apparently I know some of the highlights the arcade got flooded therefore they
Well, it says Konami is feeling bad that we got screwed and pushing all the work we've done for them
They're trying to help they're in negotiations with Konami to get a replacement act
Wow, that's a big old no Jesus Christ I
Can't read that much. I'm sorry guys. I need cliff notes and somebody is Renee listening Renee
I need that article done in bullet points, please. Thank you
SSJ 100 Matt says sky. They are putting full house on Adult Swim. They just announced it. Maybe that's the follow-up to
say by the bell
SSJ 100 Matt would like to say F you to Major League Baseball for not accepting my application for Final Cut Pro editor
Sephiroth 1215 is passing along an F you to my hose not getting me money
20.
BossTone says F you to G4 for not showing the exact episode of the four shows they used
to have for two months.
Tetris DS Mania Q 64 says F you to Hitstun for his mad Tetris DS skills.
He's been playing since the beginning and Tetris DS is my first.
F you to Loki for originally back months ago taking the whole Rush 2049 thing wrong and
driving me insane making me have to skype today f you to sky for mistaking
me thinking that I have a wireless 360 controller I don't even have a 360 mind
you I only have a wired 360 controller with the red cloud with zero drivers
that I use for the few PC games I can play here's me going way legend is that
who says f you to the freshmen and drunk assholes who happen to have link
Syndrome if you get what I mean trying to intrude on our private party in our apartment this weekend
Control all F'd said a continue continuous F you to my workplace
I'm tired of retail F you to the USPS for losing another game fly rental
Dark Knight says F you to returning to work and lastly
Ryoma says F you to Megaman X maverick hunter for being worse than the original
That was a lot of FUs. You all are some angsty motherfuckers tonight. I'll tell you that.
They must be emo.
ColorOfSakuras says Konami is giving that arcade a supernova machine. That's very nice.
Speaking of which, we forgot to mention that Konami is going to have two supernova machines close to the final at E3.
Which will be fun to play and film.
And record any audio from said machines.
Hmm
We'll see they are we're already on Konami shitless though aren't we no no
Whatever take me whatever they got attention. That's right
It was only what it was only one week before the Nintendo power thing anyway, so when when when yeah, whatever all right?
That's it. We're about ready to close down shop here and
and Rheoma said F you to the people
this is a late one but I think this is interesting F you to the people who
ignored me on my birthday on Wednesday because a gay lesbian silence day
what is gay lesbian silence day?
I am gay and I don't even know about it just like everything else in the gay
circle I'm always the last to know. I think they had this whole high school college
demonstration where people would be silent for a few hours
and I don't know what the hell it was supposed to signify but it was supposed to be some
sort of gay rights thing okay I don't get it either I don't get it that's not
being gay most gay people I know are fucking loud I don't know that's you're
telling me I only can make fun cuz I am gay whatever all right um I think that's
gonna do it I think we're done with tonight's episode of orange launch radio
we're going a long time here we're damn near on four hours now so I think it's
time for us to stop broadcasting so it's time to go around and get everybody's
final thought. Loki, your final thought?
I have lots of work to do this week and um...
I don't know if I'll see you... Oh!
God! There's one story I forgot!
Sorry, real quick.
There's a Halo 2 mash mix contest going on.
What the fuck's that?
Mash mix? Music?
Oh! Okay.
And I forget the website that was about that.
But I thought that was interesting because I might have to enter that, you know, so...
be pretty cool. Basically if you want to check it out, go to h2v2.ggl.com.
Yeah, Ryoma clarified here. They were ignoring people because gays were being ignored or
something like that. When I'm around, I can't be ignored.
Yeah, how hard is it to ignore?
Andrew, your final thought.
I have fury.
My final thought is, um, time for me to go play more Final Fantasy XI.
Addict.
Shut up.
You're not Jamie.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm a wow addict.
I have no room to talk.
Remember kids, no live show next week, but tune into the podcast stream.
When you next hear Loki, he will be a married man.
Sucker.
I will be the only unmarried OLR host.
How sad.
And since, you know, with the laws being the way they are, I won't be getting married for
a while.
Womp womp womp.
Unless I move to Massachusetts.
Oh well.
Who cares?
Oh well, you're not a sucker, right?
Hey, it just gives me the right to be bitter.
So when I'm especially bitter on the show, I can just go, hey, it's because I'm not married.
Have a good one, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Stay tuned to the podcast stream.
Two weeks, by the way.
Big announcement on the show.
In fact, maybe before that, stay tuned to the website around May 1st-ish, right?
Loki yes we'll tell you this much we're launching a new website and it's a PSP
thing yes and that's all we'll say yes and you PSP if you love olrpsp.com
you're gonna just you're gonna love it so stay tuned yes all right have a super
day everybody we'll talk to you later and thanks for tuning in to orange
launch radio and supporting internet radio please reconnect to the stream at
about 15 seconds to resume oh shit I almost forgot the fortune cookie message
of the day. Shit! It's because Dark Soccer is not here to give me the death stare. Here
it is, your fortune cookie message of the day, which I almost forgot. Damn me.
This is a special moment right now. We'd like to take this time to tell all the kids at
home, send your parents out of the room. This is a kids song.
Life's gonna suck when you row up, when you row up, when you row up. Life's gonna suck
when you row up. It sucks pretty bad right now. Hey, if you know the words, sing along
You're going to have to mow the lawn. Do the dishes. Make your bed. You're going to
have to go to school until you are 17. It's going to seem like 3 times as long as that.
You might have to go to war. Shoot a gun. Kill a nun. You might have to go to war when
you get out of school. Eight sure up, kids. It gets a lot worse. You're going to have
to deal with stress. Deal with stress. Deal with stress. You're going to be a giant mess
When you get back from the war
Santa Claus does not exist and there's no Easter Bunny
You'll find out when you grow up that Brikford isn't funny
Bunny Bunny!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Life's gonna suck when you grow up
When you grow up, when you grow up
Life's gonna suck when you grow up
It sucks pretty bad right now
You're gonna end up smoking crack
On your back, face the back
You're gonna end up hooked on smack
And then you're gonna die
And then you're gonna die
Time for the kids
Dark soccer is a damn dirty cheater too. That that song was just in like four weeks ago, I think
Oh well. Oh well. No, it was in last week's pre-show, that's why it sounds like it was
just, it was in last week's pre-show, but it wasn't a fortune cookie, but it was a fortune
cookie not that long ago. And the moral of the story is, it pays to cheat. You know what,
that's one of my favorite fortune cookie messages anyway, so I don't care. I'll play that every
week if you kids don't shut up. Just kidding. Love ya. Have a great night everybody, and
Reconnect to stream in about 15 seconds for more Orange Launch Radio.
