You
...
...
...
...
...
["Pomp and Circumstance"]
You mentioned the fact that, uh, you nearly fell off the chair.
I don't know how I almost fell into the wall, but that was just fun.
And the extra person here talking about using it as a battery for your vibrator.
Let's talk about Wonder Shows Inn.
Oh yeah, let's talk about Wonder Shows Inn.
I think I just took over the show. How about that?
Okay, Wonder Shows Inn is awesome.
They told me how cool I am. Okay you start.
are you under shows in yeah then you're so awesome like a hot dog I don't think
you're cool sorry not fairly hot cools wonder shows
Yeah, which is great. You're fairly hot.
I am. I am moderately hot.
So, anyway.
Hey, everybody. I just took over the show. How's about that?
You took over the show? I think everybody should tell me how cool I am.
You start.
I'm not going to do this again.
That sucks.
I love the kid that was dressed up like Hitler and you know what's
Trevor is the best beat kid on that show. Thank you for returning Rob. I like the kid about pills though. He's my favorite. Pills! Pills! Pills! Pills! Pills! Pills!
Shut up
I think the power brick should be bigger than the PSP. It should be like a 360 or Xbox
He just slapped the back of the PSP. It should be a nuclear generator like the power packs in a
Ghostbusters power brakes made out of solid metal it's just gets super hot
cook eggs on it mmm eggs eggy hello hello is this thing on testing testing
one two I'm looking in the index but I don't see anything for how to run a
radio show hello I don't understand this this thing works
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Broke-down ghetto bimani radio.
What the f***?
That's one of our old promos.
Kinda love that.
Oh, RetroOLR.
I missed the beep.
The beep was from, um...
R10K.
Alright, alright, just...
No, for reals.
We gotta get through this.
Or I swear to God, we'll be here all night.
Alright, here we go.
Tell it for yourself.
I thought that was QQQ.
Alright.
Shut up.
Everybody, shut up.
It's my turn.
Loki has this look at you're gonna fuck up you're gonna fuck up and then I fucked
up I wasn't doing anything you were giving me that look you're like yeah
yeah I'm not doing anything you willed it to happen I was just watching him
talk I was where I gotta quit all right well we have dark soccer radio all right
no we don't all right here we go
i was not even looking at you know i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
i'm turning around
i'm turning around
why do we have you on this program anyway?
okay this is you talking blah blah blah blah blah
here's dark sakura
right at you, and I turn over to her and she's like,
and how am I not supposed to laugh at that?
For the sake of the chat room, I was leaning over my laptop,
staring at Rob intently.
I don't want to be a duck.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
This is not a drunk show. Stop filming.
I'm going to turn around and not look at you people
so I can get through this segment.
So, Loki, be ready with a Tomb Raider story
and no more giggling.
Okie dokie.
Yeah, we have a Tomb Raider story.
okay
seriously Jesus alright know how Bobby black by himself
I'm starting to wonder if that's not a bad idea
alright
Here we go.
And we're back here with the Orange Launch Radio Afterbirth. It's that portion of the show
that's too hot to podcast it's sticky it's it's perverted we have the cage
match coming up which is pretty much gonna be just about all we do tonight
because we're already at nine o'clock that was an awfully long show tonight
but oh well maybe if you would quit laughing so much that's true it's not
the show itself like when it's when it comes out on the stream it's don't stop
it when it comes out on the podcast stream it won't be very long there was
like yeah 20 minutes of giggle fits that's all right I recorded my fancy
video camera okay what is it so we're gonna do are we gonna do a video cast
then is that a little step no video we don't have to but this is mainly for
e3 because as we know we were talking about what we're doing our plans for e3
the special plans that no one's doing yeah that's mainly what's for so I can
walk through the entire booth and cover everything and that kind of stuff I love
that video camera. The other problem is the still pictures it takes aren't 100% good.
They're like 640x480, not really even a 1 megapixel. But when I figured I'm cropping
down most of the pictures anyways, I don't think it really matters. So, I don't know.
But it'll be pretty cool.
In random news, it's Bimani related, Sephiroth1215 sent me a private message in chat, hope you
don't mind me sharing that, but he sent me a link over to Konami's website here, and
Konami has a page here for DDR Supernova, and it says release date available now.
Lies.
I think there's a webmaster at Konami, it's about to get fired.
Hurray.
Why don't you email somebody about that?
Why would I email anybody about that?
Can't you fix that?
You work for him?
Can't you fire somebody?
Do I care?
Alright.
I sent you a link to my flash thingy and you never said anything.
When? I sent you an I.M. a few days ago.
That's because I work? That's because he's rude.
What? Can I leave my I.M. a phone network? I'm gonna pull it up and I'm gonna show you on my laptop.
Well you know you need to friend me now once you get a game.
Once I get a game. You don't even have to get a game. Buy some like of those
Xbox Live arcade games. I'll probably get Geometry Wars.
Didn't you download the ghost recon thing or something?
Hold on, I'm busy. Talk to me later.
I was going to do a little bit of how was your week, how was your day, but I don't think I really care about these people anymore.
So, let's get into tonight's cage match, shall we?
Okay, what were you talking about? Now I'm not busy.
Oh, I know it's too late.
I'm interested in it on my resume and I want you to have people hire me.
I do talk to marketing now.
I'm good friends with them since they give me feedback.
You work at Konami can't you you that means you're you control everything over there right does I move to the Bay Area
I do have a badge that gets me in every
Konami you and not many people do you and Hideo Kojima are tight right yeah?
We go out drinking and you know one together every day, right?
No
All right
We only went to 8.1.
song number one which won the cage match last week it was baby land yes yes baby
land who I'm going to see on April 15th in Berkeley all right baby land had this
song called Gary is that how you say Gary Gary Gary Gary all right well it
won last week's cage match with its funky indie sound I think I said it
sounded like the Postal Service on crack or something I don't remember but here
it is a lot of stuff is more industrial sounding with this I thought was very
All right, here it is. Have a good one. Song number one, Babyland. Enjoy.
We go on because we know there's nothing worth inquittin'
To bow down to the negatives
We hold strong because we know there's something worth awaiting
This is a part of me, I understand them
I know I can't control the wonder of these clouds
It's building, it's building
Don't tell me I'm wrong
I'm living hard to be part of something new
The straight lines and the stereotypes are gone
As nature continues to crawl
All right, song number two in tonight's cage match is coming up.
That once again was song number one, Babyland with Jerry.
And song number two is going to be a challenger.
And it's my pick, and it's a band called Goldfrap, actually I think Goldfrap is just the name
of the girl, but you know she's got a lot of people helping her out.
Goldfrap has this song from her new CD, Supernature is the CD, and the song is called Ooh La La,
and I like this song, it's kind of pornotastic, so it's my pick tonight, Ooh La La by Goldfrap,
enjoy or don't see if I care
Turn me up
Don't wanna roll the ledges
Click to the last
Switch me on
Turn me up
I want to touch you
You just made for love
I need la la la la la la la
I need to go la la la la
I'm feeling la la la la la la
I'm feeling la la la la
Cause of the harmony
I'm teasing and poaching
Switch me on
Turn me up
I'll try to feast, you just made for love
... phenalalalala...
Scree-la-la-la-la-la, Scree-oo-la-la-la-la
I'm gonna love some more, a little bit the same
I'm gonna heal up your heart, I'm gonna walk again
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
That was it, that was song number two there in the cage match, Ooh La La by Goldfrap.
I love that ending though.
You know what, that was part of a song I'm not supposed to be playing.
Whoops!
Anyway, what did you guys think of Ooh La La by Goldfrap?
Uh, Miklotov, she needs to quit smoking, one.
Loki, what did you think of Ooh La La by Gold Prep?
I recognized that, I don't know, it was okay.
It's good stripper music, I guess.
Um, it should be Gold Faf.
Um, I guess it'd be like 7'5".
Alright, um, Jamie, how would you rate the bathroom?
Or wherever you just were.
I could hear the music from the bathroom, thank you.
Alright, well, how would you like it?
No, I'm kidding.
It was...
I actually liked what I heard of it.
It was a little repetitive, but it gets an 8.
That is totally fucking music.
I give it a 9.
Oh shit, I forgot kids listen to this show.
My bad.
Alright, song number 3 tonight comes from Cheater Loki.
Cheater Cheater Cheater Loki.
Hey, listen...
Do not support Cheater Loki tonight.
Listen, I did the same thing when Kingdom Hearts 1 came out, okay, so obviously my choice was going to be Utada Hikaru with Passion, because that is the team song.
All right, here's song number three from Cheatin' Loki, Utada Hikaru with Passion. Enjoy.
Oh
I love you, don't you?
But surely if I don't
I'll carry on
I'm not afraid of you
I'm not afraid of you
All the years in my life, I'll forever sleep at home
Oh...
I wish that...
deserve
Alright, song number three tonight, Utada Hikaru with Passion.
Let's go around and see if everybody thought of that.
Who started us off last time?
Miku, talk.
It was long and had bad camera angles, it's a one.
Loki.
I love that song.
I love the guitar.
That's the only thing I like remember of it each time, so...
Yet you used the version without the guitar bridge in the middle, like in the opening video.
You know what, I was pressed for time and I couldn't find the...
Yeah, I had a feeling. I had a hunch.
Dark Sakura.
You didn't give a...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I gave it a 9.
Dark... Dark Sakura.
I really like this song although as far as I thought that
Hikaru was better as far as an opening song this
You know I really like this song it's a problem, but I just don't like things about it, so it gets a seven
I think the opening song to Kingdom Hearts 2 should have been easy breezy
Because I think that would have been much better come on you could have like Sora skipping down
It's not as dramatic.
Alright, no, I like that song a lot, but it's already in rotation, so I give it a five.
Alright, don't get me wrong, I love that song, but Loki sucks.
Alright, let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Babyland with Jerry, song number one.
Alright and song number two you can vote for tonight is Goldfrapp with Ooh La La is the
name of that song.
Alright and song number three you can vote for tonight is from Loki and it's Utada Hikaru
with Passion.
Alright you already know what that song sounds like.
Alright place vote now.
Someone's bitter.
Send a private message.
It's already in rotation, that's cheating.
No one told me it was in rotation.
We told you two weeks ago.
Read the mod forum once in a while.
Send a private message.
We said it on the show and Rob said, here's some new songs that we just put into rotation
and i'm playing them during the break and that was the first song he played
i wasn't listening
dark sakura has a memory like an elephant i mean besides that's an
edit she don't forget she don't forget i yeah it's a slightly
different version i think i i think so you don't forget what
that that whole thing shut up yeah i think the one we have a
rotation does have the guitar riff i think it's the one from the movie so
it's the short one so all right and dude i'm gonna hit food maniac 64 with the trout now for being a
butt all right do so because he told told everyone not to vote for my song so that play his but i
haven't guaranteed that i'll play a song uh-huh yeah i told people i'd play their songs like
three months ago and i still haven't just just keep just keep dangling out there four times
Tell him to stop! Block him!
Ahh!
Alright.
Uh, since I need some time here to tabulate votes, I need filler.
So, we're gonna go around and do How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
Dark Sakura, How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
Shitty! I mean, poopy.
No, my week was actually pretty good. I've got more stuff to do.
You know, my whole crappy work situation has improved to such a degree that I no longer feel like I'm going to kill people and then myself in a big emo fit.
Instead, I just feel like, you know, I'm going to mildly maim people and, you know, not like actually kill them, you know.
I'm no longer disgruntled. I'm slightly annoyed, but not disgruntled.
So, um, I've also been playing a lot of Ragnarok online. I have, as of today, my
primary character is 5441 and
I still have to get job 50 before I can go assassin and I donated some money to their server
So I got a bunch of free stuff for it, and I have a kitty band now and it makes me very happy bunny
Yeah, I have a kitty band I
Need to see pictures. I will send you pictures, and I got a bunch of cards, too
I have a thief bug card and no like footwear that I can put it on
And now I need a zombie card
Because zombies are awesome like a hot dog
Um, Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Um, my weekend day was okay. Um, gotta move my desk tomorrow, cause
we do this thing every once in a while, once we fire a bunch of people, where we do, like, the floor layout shuffle.
And we-
Those are fun.
Yeah, for no apparent reason. I mean, they'll even, they'll move people, like, one desk over, just for the hell of it.
it, and it's kind of fun. But anyway, so I got to move my desk, and I get my review next
week, which should be interesting because my phone time sucks, but I'm the smartest
one there. So, you know, it kind of evens out. And I don't know. It'll be cool. We're
supposed to be getting our bonuses. My coworker taught me this really cool thing with our
bonus because they take out twice the amount of taxes as they normally would on your checks
on bonus checks. So where I potentially could get $2,000, I only get like $1,100 or something.
So what you do is you put out another W4 or whatever for exempt for that week. So I get
my full $2,000, which is going to a laptop. And what else? Oh yeah, I got my spiffy camera,
which you'll hopefully see some more content for the PSP site. That's one of the main reasons
was for that, and that, so I can record some of my stuff at, you know, well I'm probably
going to record stuff at my bachelor party, because what happens at bachelor party stays
at bachelor party, and um, and also, um, do you know what they have planned for your bachelor
party yet? Because I do. I don't. Okay. Um, I do. But that's all I can say. Okay. Anyways,
um, the other thing is, um, just, you know, recording wedding stuff, um, just it's really
fun to play with that camera, because it has a 20 gig hard drive in there, so you can like
store tons of video. Lots of video coming from E3, that's for sure, so look
forward to that in lots of pictures. And yeah, I think that's about all I have.
Miguel Tov, how was your week?
My week was boring. Work is boring. I'm sick of it. And then today, slash last night, got
myself hyped up to go to Best Buy and wait in a non-existent line at 3 in the
morning. That didn't go over so well. Best Buy sucks. And then tomorrow, somebody
new that we hired is gonna be sitting in my office and I'm not looking forward to
that because I hate new people and I will not talk to them. You're not a team
player. I don't need to be a team player. They invaded my space. They can go away.
And, uh, I, um...
Oh! We started playing Tetris DS at work, and it's over already.
Because a lot of people suck and whine too much like me.
Back to apples and apples. Apples to apples is occasionally played. We recently discovered
the joy of Team Mario Kart at break.
That's really fun. Team Mario Kart? Yeah, and under versus, when you're setting up the options
like 150 and computer difficulty if you have computers and all that, there's an option for team.
and so you can actually do a four-on-four team and it's pretty much
like a regular race except you have a color icon like red or blue and you can
still attack your own teammates but how it works is it's an overall point total
for your team. You're no longer working just to be the best you're working as a
team so we started out last week when the losers were still playing Tetris me
and the person in my room or in my office we played it with computers and
he got screwed over twice with really bad computer players, but it's really fun, actually,
and I didn't even think Mario Kart could be more fun than it already was.
We're trying to find another game, because people are starting to get pissed off at my
work with Grand Theft Auto Liberty Sea Stories because they're calling me, they're saying
that I'm cheesing it up now because I used to just grab the mega damage icons or powerups
and then go kick the crap out of everyone.
So now we're playing without powerups because, you know, they got pissed off at that and
because I won the rankings this month. So this next month now we're just trying to
I want to do team games but the problem is we don't get enough people to
participate. You can only do six and some people are gone or busy and stuff and
that kind of makes it unfair but um I don't know we're looking forward to like
maybe Liberty City Stories when it comes out in PlayStation 2. Hopefully I'll have
multiplayer and then we you know land together some PS2s and play that way.
Okay. I don't know. It might be fun.
That could be fun.
Rob, how was your weekend today?
It was fine. Besides the whole male PMS thing, I was fine. I had a fine week.
I went to the gym today and my trainer pretty much told me officially today that I'm fat, which was good to hear.
I had to take the little machine that measures your body fat.
And you hold it in your hands away from your body?
Yeah, exactly. And it did the little boop, boop, boop thing.
VMI scale.
yep he looked at the number and then he turned it around said yep you're right
here in the high one like thanks but oh well I mean I already knew that was
coming anyway that's why you're going that's the whole reason I signed up for
the gym so I just you know have to make sure I stuff low regularly but I that's
pretty cool that you have a trainer though that'd be the only thing I'd
be able to do you know well I only get him one more time for free then I'd have
to pay for him if I like you both what come to my gym with me I'll work out
with you and show you what to do that would be fun that'd be fun well I mean
it's not that I don't know what to do, I just, you know, I need the motivation is a huge
thing. Put a cupcake in front of you. I promise you, next Monday, nothing will stand in between
us going to spin. Word. You know what, they do spin at this gym too. You have to go to
my trainer's spin. She's vicious. I asked my trainer if you could come to this club
and he said with a guest pass you can. So, you'll have to come to one of our classes
sometimes if you enjoy it. Alright, bring me a guest pass. You got it! You're on! And
we'll pick a class to do. We can do yoga. In the summer we can go swimming. We can do
yoga or something. Because don't they have a lap pool there? They have two huge pools
there. I got all the stuff to do lap swimming. Cool. They're outdoors though. I thought it
was indoors when I signed up. Oh, one of the ones I have a membership for over here has
a lap pool outside. It's the snooty one though. We need to do the indoor pool somewhere. I
Roseville. I'm going to Roseville, my parents live right there. I think Roseville has three indoor
pools. Anyway, oh hi, show! Shall we announce who won tonight's cage match?
That'll be a good way to get close to the end here. Sure, the winner song of
tonight's cage match was... a tie! And here are the two songs. Okay, you know how ties
work. Here's song number one that tied. Baby Man. Here's song number two that tied. Passion,
Utada Hikaru, and in the old Orange Lounge Radio rule book. I wonder where this is going.
That means that when two songs tie, the host who got screwed over, oh that's me, gets to
break the tie. Now see, I could be ironic and vote for your pick, Loki. And then Jamie
could hate me all night that might be fun but no I can't do that because you
know you you totally picked a song that was already in rotation so I think you
both end up winning anyway so I am picking for Jamie's song I'm picking
Jamie's song baby land because I like the fact that they sound like social
service all right so two weeks in a row all right baby land for the win two
weeks in a row, not too shabby.
So everybody has to go to their show in Berkeley. Now the stripper song was only
one vote behind.
So it was close. We were all out there. We were all winners. It's a drop not as much of a winner's show.
So it was one vote for Pat, that one song, one vote for Jamie's song, and zero votes for yours.
Yeah, something like that.
And that was both of our listeners right there. Sweet. Alright, it's about
nine thirty and I think it's time to call it a night. What do you kids think?
I want ice cream. I'm thirsty. I want, I'm hungry. I want a cupcake.
I think there, no I think I ate the last one.
Bastard! No, it's fine. I need, uh, ooh, I want boba.
That's twenty-three maggots. I hear you there. Oh, you know, um,
Tap-X is open. You, stop it! Stop it, all of you!
No, no, John. I, Rob, I just got told by Fat today. I don't... Look at, look at you some
nice wheat grass. I don't want wheat grass. I want bulimia right about now. Alright.
Then fine I'll get you a bottle of Ipecac. Hooray. Ugh. Alright. And a toothbrush. That's
disgusting. You said you wanted bulimia. Alright, sorry chat room I ignored your FUs tonight,
maybe next week. Tonight was supposed to be a slow news night and we went on forever but
of course I think that little giggle fit had something to do with it. Your giggle fit,
OK, Rob.
My giggle fit?
You're a giggle fit.
Yeah, you're the only one laughing in the microphone.
We were laughing at you.
I have your giggle fit on camera, so.
All right, shut up.
A partial.
All right, here it is.
Your fortune cookie message.
I almost said your moment of zen.
You still want to be a duck?
Of the day, I don't want to be a duck.
We're tiny, we're toonie, we're all a little loony, and in this cartoony we're invading your TV.
We're comic dispensers, we crack up all of the censors, on Tiny Toon Adventures, get a dose of comedy.
So here's that big, cause it's a whole wide world apart.
Our hopes, we only stand alone, a cartoon worth a part.
The scripts were rejected, expect the unexpected.
Tiny Toon Adventures is about to start
They're furry, they're funny
They're fast and bust and bunny
Munch and a match has money
Amira is a pain
She's hunting and plucking
Dizzy, Devil, Yucky
Her ball's a monkey
And Go-Go isn't safe
At Atfield University
We earn our Toon degree
The teaching staff been getting laughs since 1933
We're tiny, we're tinny
We're all a little loony
It's fine, you tune in, just come and join the fun!
And now our song is done!
