Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back here live on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 180 for this April the 9th of 2006.
Loki would like to begin this segment with a small correction, wouldn't you, Loki?
Yes, I would. Yes, about those numbers about the Revolution launch title, I was a little off.
A little?
Yeah, I was a bit off, okay.
Actually, coming from Gamefront, the true number is 20 titles, one third of which are said to be developed by Nintendo themselves.
so I was close I had the number 20 in there and there's a percentage
which means Orange Lounge Radio will be Puddin' Free
for those who listen to Part A thankfully. Damn. Hooray!
My dignity is spared another day. Still better coverage than IGN
Can I say that? I don't know
Moving on, if you can address those cards and letters too. What is your email?
You don't have an Orange Lounge Radio account do you? No. We need to get you one.
We'll get you one. Remind me to hook you up with one after the show. We'll hook you up with a spike
at Orange Lawn Radio email. I'll take you up on that. Alright, sounds good.
Now, in the first segment, did anybody notice in the first segment of tonight's show, not a single
story on Sony PlayStation?
Because everything's been quiet on the PS3 front this week pretty much, hasn't it?
Yeah. Well, there was one little thing, right, Loki?
Yeah, let's see here.
Basically, according to some French
radio show, there was an interview done where it was leaked out,
I guess that the Playstation 3 would be somewhere between the price point of 499,599 euros in the UK.
So everyone's speculating, oh my god, it's going to be 650 dollars, 700 some dollars here, not the case.
Actually a lot of times the price point over there, they will get screwed over because their price point will be, for example for the Xbox 360,
I believe their price point is 399 euros for the premium system, whereas we were $399.
So maybe $499 to $599, I'm thinking more about $499, that's probably going to be the price
point in the US.
I think $499 is a reasonable price point for the US too.
I thought it was very interesting though, because this news kind of came out early in
the week, and A, people ran with this saying that PS3 price announced, and first off I
was thinking, okay, no, price was not announced.
Some guy made an inadvertent comment that may or may not even be the truth.
I know that this guy was a Sony exec or whatever, but with all due respect to Europe, Europe
is not where the magic is happening right now in regards to PlayStation 3.
The magic will happen there soon enough, but that's not where the systems are being made.
Had this slip come from Sony in Japan, maybe I would have been a little more apt to believe
it.
But then how people suddenly made this direct conversion of Euros to dollars.
right and completely disregarded the fact that usually the UK folks get
screwed when it comes to price I'm very sorry you guys it's just the fact you
guys kind of get screwed so sorry not always though sometimes they get games
around the same price but a lot of times they do get screwed and you know that
means that usually the amount that we pay in dollars they pay in euros is
usually about the conversion so I think you're right $4.99 to $5.99 is more of a
realistic point but again we've got the revolution and the 360 to compete with
and unless you can sell me that I cannot live without blu-ray I don't think it's
realistic to release your system for $5.99 unless you can somehow convince me
that blu-ray will change my life do my dishes walk the dog and the whole nine
yards this yeah I mean the system looks great I'm you know graphically it looks
awesome gameplay we don't know we don't know we don't really know anything yet
well just talking about the titles that they've announced so far they don't seem
It's it's you know, the same game Microsoft's playing. Let's make the games prettier and not change anything because hey it worked before
so
Yeah, but take a game like oblivion oblivion could not have been done on the regular Xbox
I mean not all it's it's so vast and it's so pretty
I mean that's really a next-gen game right there. Did you spend much time with Morrowind?
Not a lot, but I'd seen it. It felt the same game, just not as pretty.
But if we're talking about gameplay, I wouldn't argue that there's a big difference there.
Alright. Oblivion feels really big, and with everything that they're saying you can do with it, and just all the vastness.
One part I didn't see in the other game was, I didn't see character creation. Was it as thorough in that game? I don't know. Maybe it was.
I seem to recall that it was. It's been, you know,
a good minute, but I do think so. I'm sure people in our chat room will be able to
help out there. Orangelaunchradio.com. Click on chat
if you want. Okay, so
whatever. Moving on.
One thing you will not see on the PlayStation 3 is anything coming from
Lionhead Studios, that's for sure. You know why?
Microsoft bottom. Yes, they announced earlier this week that the folks who
made black and white and fable they just got bought by Microsoft that would be
lion head studios so those types of games of course it's not really too
surprising when you consider that fable was such a treasured Xbox game and a
Xbox exclusive as well but who knows what that could mean for Xbox's future
Loki what do you think about that news yeah yeah whatever Microsoft is
absorbing companies now, so, Spike?
I feel similarly about this, about how I feel about their acquisition of Rare.
They make one pretty trophy title a game every year or two, but overall I don't see Alty
Lionhead as a big, you know, industry-changing, challenging force.
But it only takes a handful of those trophy games to sell your system, ask Nintendo.
That's a very valid point.
Although, I don't really count Fable as a very great game.
The only reason Fable was so freaking great was because there wasn't anything else like
it on the Xbox.
Go over to Playstation 2, Gamecube, you got plenty of games like Fable.
Although, to Fable's credit, it was a little more expansive than most games in the way
that you could control your character's fate.
Not that we hadn't seen it before, but it was so fluid and it was such a turning point
of the game, I don't think you really saw that in the other systems.
But you're right, the gameplay itself was kind of butt-mashing, was the fighting, you
know, it wasn't anything that revolutionary, you know, but it still was really the only
game like it on the Xbox, and for that reason.
And I would argue the same thing is happening with Oblivion.
I think the only reason Oblivion is doing so phenomenally is it's got no competition
on the 360 right now, nothing, there is no game even remotely close to what Oblivion
is like.
wrong I'm sure it's a great game that would be good even if there was
competition but still I think the only reason why I see half my friends list
playing this game is because I know my friends a lot of them are into
role-playing games there's nothing else for them to play on 360 right now yep
just my thought all right let's go on to another story Loki what's this about the
Xbox Live Arcade it's getting some new games that's for sure starting off here
with Cloning Clyde, which sounds pretty weird, but basically they're keying this as it's
going to be a completely unique 3D adventure and puzzle game that may bring a new meaning
to the word schizophrenic.
So basically Clyde was an ordinary but slightly dim guy before DupliClone Inc. paid him $20
to take part in a cloning experiment, and I guess, you know, things go crazy from there.
And so, yeah, it's going to be coming to the live arcade.
It is made by a company called Ninjabi, who you might remember did Outpost Clokey X, which
is a pretty big hit on Xbox Live, so, you know, check it out when it comes out.
I think I read somewhere this is supposed to be the Geometry Wars.
I don't think so.
The next Geometry Wars.
I think every Xbox Live title is going to call itself that though.
The next Geometry Wars.
trended over its geometry wars is simple that's you know what it comes down to
you know what the next geometry wars was was crystal quest because I swear those
games are very very similar not totally but very similar and same with feeding
friends well no I guess you don't have a gun and feeding friends but just I don't
know that whole dodging how about me feels a little similar was it a mutant
storm I haven't even played that there's also robot Ron now wait a minute robot
Robotron is a classic.
I mean a classic classic.
You can't...
Yeah, but I'm saying that they're all...
Well, yeah, Smash TV.
I'm not saying that.
Robotron is more like Smash TV, if anything else, but both were made by the same company,
so you could almost say that Smash TV, in an effed up way, is like Robotron.
Maybe I'm just crazy.
We mentioned in part A that you can get brand new outfits for Cameo.
You can dress them up as Orchid and Killer Instinct characters and all those other things,
But also one thing that should be noted about Cameo, they just patched their co-op mode
and now you can do the online co-op play with Cameo and I believe new achievements come
with this as well, but here's the thing.
Because Cameo has already hit their limit of a thousand achievement points, now there
are zero point achievements that you can get in Cameo with this new patch is what I'm hearing.
You get achievements but they're not worth anything.
Who cares?
That's dead to me.
Well, some people really wanted to do co-op and cameo, so...
You know, I'm telling you, what they should do then is still give you the co-op achievements.
Who cares if you play over live? Just do the same co-op achievements that they have in the game.
Just, you know, now you can play live or local.
And Hitstun says the online co-op patch is free, right? Yes, that is true, it is free.
Yes.
So, enjoy the free things while you can. I'm sure as soon as you put in cameo...
I haven't patched mine yet, but I'm sure as soon as you put in cameo, it'll say,
say an upgrade for this game is now available yay and then it'll just patch
patch its way onto your hard drive that is assuming you have a hard drive then
we can be underwhelmed with people on the internet at the same time you know
what just made that made me think of though what happens if you don't have a
hard drive are you just screwed are you gonna have to patch this game every time
well you can maybe download the patch to your memory card oh I guess that's a
good point I guess you could save it to your memory cards how are you gonna you
play anything with a memory card. I know. Memory card was just useless. It's just something
that they put out there and say, you know what, hey, there's an option to buying the,
you know. No, you can take your memory card to an Xbox 360 kiosk and get Uber special
downloads. That don't work! By the way, where the fuck is my goddamn burnout card that they
promised me months ago that I download it from the kiosk and then we go to play burnout.
Oh, by the way, it doesn't work! Oh, did we say working car? I don't believe we did. So,
You know what? You're fucked!
I love setting him off.
Stupid kiosk thing.
Why'd I spend the money on that stupid card? I don't know.
Loki, what's next on the news?
Seriously? Well, the Michigan game law was ruled unconstitutional.
Like, we didn't see that coming.
So yeah, basically thrown out because, yeah, it's unconstitutional blah blah blah.
was the Michigan law like the California law or what was the deal there
uh... Beyonce I don't know if it was very similar or not I imagine they're
probably pretty close
uh...
I don't know it's
they really shouldn't try to regulate the game sales and stuff
it was summed up intended to restrict the sale of certain games to minors and they
say that was unconstitutional and can't be implemented so it sounds pretty similar to what we
had going on in California here exactly in fact I think that they should be able to
to sell porn to minors too now because it's unconstitutional.
Stop. Children have the right to porn.
Have you no dignity?
Have you no dignity? I don't.
There's this new, we were talking about Xbox Live just a minute ago, there's a new
application created by NimbleSoft
and they created this small application saying that since they're such fanboys
of the Xbox 360 they wrote this application.
360 Friends is an Xbox Live friendless
notifier. It'll tell you who's online, who's offline,
let you view gamer cards, and notify when a friend's
status changes. You can even have it in a little taskbar and it'll actually
alert you when people sign on and offline.
I guess what it's doing is it's kind of borrowing from exactly what Xbox
Live, or I'm sorry, Xbox.com does, but it sort of delivers that news
to your desktop. So you can see when, you know, if you're stalking someone, you can
see right when they come online.
so it's pretty cool so like I'd be able to see if Loki's online from my computer
excellent if I if I'm too lazy to access xbox.com
yes I'm surprised Microsoft didn't I think the most surprising thing about this
story is that someone beat Microsoft to it
I think if I were Microsoft right now I'd be kinda I'd be one to buy
the software from this guy or acquire this guy
no they would just want to sue him. Why? Because they're Microsoft and they can't.
Why would you sue this guy? He wrote a practical useful application that
adds value to the 360. All the more reason to sue him!
Maybe they should put out an ad in PC Gamer about how wrong this is and that
people should buy the software from Microsoft.
Microsoft doesn't have the software, that's the point. It's probably gonna be in
Vista whenever the hell that comes out.
GK128 in the chat room says, I have 360 friends,
the program. It's cool but it hogs RAM.
So it might be a little bit of a memory hog. So have a lot of RAM if you're gonna be
using this program.
but you know also it's it's a program that has
you know it's it's written by you know
a fan essentially so it's probably not optimized yet
it means the first release it sounds like so if this guy continues decides to
continue to
upgrade this it might get a little better in that regard yeah
gk 128 would like to point out uses 63 megabytes of RAM currently
mmm very interesting
interesting alright moving on
Loki, you have some music game news.
Yes, In The Groove, PlayStation 2.
As I've been stating before, this game is merely Stepmania.
And now, like Stepmania, you can put your own songs in it for the PlayStation 2.
However, of course, the tools have been out there already to unpack everything that's
in The Groove for the PlayStation 2 and actually dump that stuff to your hard drive so you
can play the official songs because they're just step mania files. Well now they have
the tools to repack it so you can actually put whatever songs you want in there and be
able to burn it to a disc and either play it with any sort of tools that you use to
play backup discs on a Playstation 2 or hacks or workarounds or whatever. So I guess that's
pretty cool. One of the reasons why, I don't understand why people pay for step mania,
But now you can, and I'm just not surprised. I knew this was going to come one of these
days and now that it's available, that's kind of neat. You get to play all your songs, if
you like In the Groove songs, go ahead and play the In the Groove songs, if you like DDR.
Yeah, because you put DDR songs in the Groove?
They had it! DDR, all the DDR songs in the Groove 2, and In the Groove songs, all in one
disc. So they had all this stuff in there.
Can you just download this from the website, burn it, and ready to go?
I don't know, it's not available on the website, you gotta dig for it and unfortunately I cannot
give out where it is, but you know, if your local Balmani downloading ISO place will probably
have it, you know, BitTorrent, that type of thing, so look for it and have fun I guess.
Very interesting.
Moving on, a follow up to a story we were talking about a few weeks ago, remember the
a town in Ohio that got slammed on April Fools.
Actually, we may not have done this on the last podcast.
This may have been my spinoff show I did on Wednesday.
I talked about this story about the girls
who played the prank in the town
and had little question mark blocks.
They hung around the town.
The bomb squad had to be called in
because they thought that they might actually be bombed.
Did they think they were getting attacked by the Riddler?
Possibly because of the big question marks on them.
I don't know.
But apparently this was like a thing
that they were doing across the nation
was these little question mark blocks, it was a little game, well you know those girls
were in big freaking trouble when they did this.
They were not going to have charges pressed against them, basically according to the county
prosecutor these girls, quote, were not thinking about the consequences of their actions in
this day and age, so if you plan on painting the town Mario, think twice because you might
be labeled a terrorist.
Well that and the fact that they didn't really break any laws, so what are you going to do?
I'm arresting you for scaring me!
Wait, hold on though, you know, in this day and age, can you really leave a suspicious box?
Most people don't know what a question mark block reference is, and you're right,
they probably think about Batman or something, you know?
Yeah, I'm gonna blow up this street light.
Al-Qaeda will strike us in our street lights!
Oh my, now the FBI's gonna monitor this program, thank you very much.
You jerk.
I kind of agree though, it's an iconic symbol, I can't help but think
three out of three people in this room are going to know
what that question mark is. Back to the OLR statistics magic, right?
So a hundred percent of Americans know what a question mark block is and shouldn't have
been alarmed,
right? This is what I'm saying. Alright. But really the percentage must be over
fifty percent.
I can't help but believe that this... Not if you're an old person!
So your grandmother wouldn't know what a question mark block is?
Probably, unless my grandma happened to be old granny hardcore, probably not.
No, my grandma would have no idea what a question mark block is.
She would have no idea. She would probably think about
Frank Gorshin from Batman, the Riddler.
That was my Riddler impersonation. That was great, huh?
I worked on that all day. I stand corrected. Alright,
Maybe we won't be in so much trouble if we find a cure for cancer, right Loki?
Yes, in the meantime though you can play a game called Remission
where you can blow a cancer. Yes, in this game basically you play a
micro robot by the name of
I believe Roxy and
you are basically in the body
and destroying these rapidly multiplying rogue cells.
And, basically, it's something that I've kind of done to help cancer patients cope with
their illness while educating them and increasing players' sense of control over their circumstances.
That's great.
Unfortunately, though, it should be mentioned that this game does not cure cancer.
Just clear up anything because, you know, there's a lot of stupid people out there.
You know what it kind of sounds like to me?
It's like that old game that would be like the tooth fighter, the cavity fighting game.
I remember I had this on Commodore 64 and you carried around the giant toothbrush and
you had to wipe the plaque or you'd get attacked by the little cavity monsters.
That's what this sounds like to me, except instead of teeth, it's cancer.
Cancer patients will get to play crappy games now, as if they weren't tortured enough about
you know the fact that you know their cancer might not be you know operable
grave
it's like yeah you know that cure cancer
we couldn't really find that but here play a game
you can address those cards and letters to loki at orange lounge radio dot com
send flowers he loves them
all right I dark soccer is not here tonight as we mentioned earlier in the
program she's feeling sick she has asian bird flu
No, I'm teasing. She doesn't have Asian bird flu, but she's sick, and we hope she feels better soon.
She's usually in charge of the mailbox, and this would be the part where we would go to the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com. However, I haven't dug through the mailbag this week, so I have no idea what's in there.
However, I have looked at the MySpace, and we got some questions on MySpace.
People who didn't realize they can send it over to Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
So I'm going to go ahead and read a question that we got on MySpace.
And this question comes to us from Joey. Hi, Joey
Joey says hey
I just got through part B of this week's podcast
Meaning last week 179 the part where you guys talked about the Genesis got me to my closet and I pulled out my Genesis 3
The slim line of the Genesis if you will then I realized the only game I could find was my Street Fighter 2 special
champions edition and Mortal Kombat
I was hoping to restart my collection and hoping you could help me out by giving me a short list of good games to look
for. Now I know all about the Sonics and Toejam and Earls, so maybe if you guys knew some
non-mainstream games, that would be awesome. Also, do you remember the name of that new
Genesis game being released? I'm not sure if I heard about it from you guys, but this
is the only show I can think of that would have cool news like that. Sorry about the
length of this, by the way. Not a problem, Joey. Appreciate the MySpace message. Joey,
the name of the game you're trying to think about on the Genesis is called Beggar Prince.
That was the new game that's being released.
We did bring that up a few weeks ago on this show, and actually, if you want to visit one
of our buddies over on allgames.com, Bobby Blackwolf, visit his site at allgames.com
slash podcast, and actually I think he's also at bobbyblackwolfshow.com now.
He had an interview with the people that made Baker Prince, it was a really long interview,
so if you want to hear all about Genesis development in this day and age, look back in his archives
about six weeks or so, and he had an interview a while back, so check that out.
As far as non-standard Genesis games, well you didn't mention Phantasy Star, my friend,
so if you're into RPGs, you don't want to miss the Phantasy Star series.
It's a shame Jamie's not here, because she loves the obscure Genesis titles.
Can you think of anything, Spike?
Could we start with obscure and work our way down, because we could go for a good hour
here.
Okay, try me.
Name some titles that this kid needs on his Genesis.
I would strongly recommend, let's see, Decap Attack, and the funny thing is, if you've
never played it, I mean, it's a fairly cartoony game.
I mean, yeah, you're a mummy zombie guy throwing your head at people, but it's done in a comical
style of, like, Rise Star, which I would also recommend.
Rise Star, Gunstar Heroes...
What was that one that was, uh, it was, like, in a comic book?
The whole book?
Comic Zone?
Comic Zone.
Excellent addition to that list, by the way.
Oh yeah, I highly recommend it.
I mean, if we're going even with, you know, kind of the standard games, don't let yourself
forget the Echo games.
Don't let yourself forget Eternal Champions if you like substandard 2D graphics in a kind
of subpar fighting game that's so cheesy you can't help but laugh.
Comments from our chat room here, some suggestions from the chat room.
Legend of Zaku suggests After Burner 2, Rama suggests Kid Chameleon, DJ Pooh Eater suggests
Alex Kidd, Legend of Zaku also suggests Vectorman as well, lots of interesting suggestions there,
oh you didn't like the Vectorman suggestion did you?
They didn't say Vectorman 2 so they get a point there.
Anything else real quickly you want to recommend?
Wonderboy and Monsterworld.
There you go.
Wonderboy and Monsterworld.
My best Genesis.
And Jamie would say Alex Kidd and Shinobi World.
I don't know.
Can you even get that in this country?
I don't even know.
All right.
There's some suggestions for you.
Also a couple of quick, quick emails.
My sister sent me an email because I think she's listening to the program or something,
but my sister sent me an email, Dana, and she says, Can you tell me what's wrong when
I try to DDR?
My foot won't work.
I try to dance, but when I go fast, my foot quits working.
But I really like your Japanese pop.
My sister writes her emails like a seven-year-old, might I share.
If you're playing too much DDR and your foot stops working, stop playing DDR for a couple
days and then go back.
You should never push yourself too much on DDR.
If you're feeling stamina, soreness issues, any of that stuff, seriously take a break.
One other quick email, this came to us from Justin M. This came to my email box, not the
normal mailbag.
know if you've heard yet but they're making a movie of DOA. It looks awesome. It comes
out this August. Awesome or awful? Sorry, gotta disagree with you there. Yes, we know
the Dead or Alive movie is coming, but as to the fact that it looks awesome, I suppose
if you're into tits and ass it'll be great. Or Charlie's Angels. Yeah, the first Charlie's
Angels was good. The second Charlie's Angels was... was. It just was. Second Charlie's
Angels. It just was. If you believe that, I'd like to sell you this Alone in the Dark
DVD I have stop be nice
Be nice to the people who email me all right if you have an email you want to send us send it over to mailbag
At orange lounge radio.com dark soccer will be back next week to read those emails and yes
We will be doing a show next week on Easter Sunday
Because we have nothing better to do because our families don't love us and didn't invite us over
No, I'm teasing we minded
I know I minded to but I don't know about your house, but Easter dinner at my house is like two o'clock
So it leaves me leaves me plenty of time to do this program. We'll see. All right
Loki
Yes
Canceled games. What's up? Yes, unfortunately if you're you know
really looking forward to
Spending the night on the internet with people and having virtual sex
Think again spend the night the MMO that was going to be put out and basically the sex MMO
So, um, cancelled.
Difficulty raising funds, I guess is the reason for that.
And so it's on hold indefinitely until they can make the money to, you know, pay the virtual
prostitutes that are going to be in the game.
I don't know.
Imagine that the sex game couldn't get funding.
And there was much rejoicing.
Oh, no, no.
I disagree.
Because you know what?
Why is it that we have a bazillion violent games, yet when we look at sex-related games,
we have the guy game?
Playboy Mansion.
You know?
What a bunch of crap.
You know, I would like to see a sexual game that's not super crappy.
And you think this was that game?
Okay, maybe not, but, you know, I just, I don't, I don't know.
I don't think we should be frowning on it just because it's a sex game.
I mean, there's plenty of violent games out there that are okay.
Yeah, but you have to understand, murder okay, sex not okay.
Sex gets companies sued.
How do you make the people to murder sex, right?
Where's the logic here?
Shouldn't it be murder bad sex good?
All this hot coffee, sex game, what was Grand Theft Auto, murder game.
game okay sex game not okay
I agree with your point but I'm way more comfortable
leveling with the party of MMO players than I am
cybering with them with these 3D avatars
Dude, people do it anyway
your guild obviously in World of Warcraft is not as cool as mine okay
my guild is called World of Wank and they're a great time, no I'm kidding I'm totally
joking I hope you people don't think I'm serious
but don't you think people do this in MMOs as it is?
Come on. The Roleplay servers? What do you think that is? What do you think that's a
front for?
Roleplay? Hello. That's what Sims Online was.
That's exactly what Sims Online turned into, was one giant Vegas.
If you are a fan of music games...
Music Games, you may have already heard this, but Red Octane CEO Kelly Sumner revealed last
week that there are other products in development.
This guy used to be with Take-Two Interactive Europe, but now he's with Red Octane.
We can't tell you what the games are and when they're coming, but we kind of believe
It's probably not just the Guitar Hero sequels.
Perhaps this is a rival to Konami's Bomani brand?
Who knows?
Could be interesting.
I think it's interesting because I think Beatmania would have been a good game for them to compete
with.
Do you think they'd still do it?
You say rival, I say cheap knockoff.
So...
But...
Okay, wait a minute though.
Was Guitar Hero...
Okay, maybe when you look at In the Groove DDR, I see your point there, despite the
fact that it's still controversial, but Guitar Hero versus Guitar Freaks, I don't think that
was a cheap knockoff. I don't. I think Guitar Hero was original enough and did a lot of...
Obviously most of the critics out there, 99% of them feel the same way I do.
Yeah, because 99% of the critics out there, they don't know the history of the music game
series out there, and they also don't do the research. So...
Just do them all! Just do them all!
You don't think Guitar Hero innovated on the Guitar Freaks concept at all?
Innovative by basically adding more buttons made it a little bit more difficult and by
adding a whammy bar which didn't really do much you know what I stopped playing that
game after a few times and I just got bored with it it's a cool it's a cool game because
it's new to us the US and stuff but to be honest when these next few games come out
or the next sequel or whatever it's just gonna be like a whole guitar freaks thing you mean
Granted, I'm not saying Guitar Freaks is innovative because it's been the same damn game since
Fifth Mix.
They've been cookie-cuttering the whole thing along the way, but still, Spike, you have
Adam first and I'll go.
Now I definitely prefer Guitar Freaks to Guitar Hero.
I do not like Guitar Hero, but as a musician, I will say that playing Guitar Hero is way
closer to playing an actual instrument.
And I think that in that way, it's actually a superior game.
Even if I don't prefer it myself, I think that on a technical level, it's a much more
impressive work.
Okay, here's my deal, and I'm taking the music out of this equation.
I'm not even considering the music in Guitar Freaks and music in Guitar Hero, because that's
a matter of opinion.
Okay, so just putting the game engine side by side.
Guitar Hero has way more of the fun factor in it.
Guitar Freaks, turn it on, pick your song, go.
Turn it on, pick your song, go.
Guitar Hero has that whole, like, oh, you're in a band and you have the shops where you
can upgrade your guitars and unlock the songs and you do the whammy and there's
a crowd there and they're yelling for you
whereas guitar freaks is here look at this choppy animation while you play
your song
there's a lot to be said there that makes it more of a party game okay so
you upgrade your guitar which does what
oh it changes the appearance of your guitar in the game whoop-a-dee-doo
that's but there's a crowd what does guitar freaks have nothing
it doesn't have any of that
it has the fact that it was first
have that
don't call it an original game call it an improvement of another game. How about that?
I will give you that because it does when I play Guitar Hero it really does
feel to me like I am playing
Guitar Freaks mixed with Amplitude. Exactly. But with, I don't know, with
more of the fun factor for me. I just hate being able to call it this way. There's a reason why it's so
accessible to people.
I don't mind it being a good game. I hate the fact that people are calling it
innovative because it's not you know granted it may be more realistic to you
know playing a guitar doesn't make it innovative makes it better
okay and also the fact that people are you know
kind of basically posing this as an original game it's not original game it
fucking rips off three different games
what's the best things of them together granted that's a good idea it's you
basically improving on those concepts but it's not an original game
you know I'm just
I hate people calling original and innovative
Katamari Damacy, that was original.
This is not original.
All right, comments from our chat room.
GS191 says, the only reason people like Guitar Hero is
because of the music.
The majority of America does not like the whole techno
J-pop theme.
Interesting point there.
We also have, let's say, Fireboma says, if you showed
critics Guitar Freaks, they'd say it was a rip-off of
Guitar Hero at this point in time.
And I'd agree with you, but that's just a lot of critics.
They're ignorant.
They're ignorant.
Because you watch, if they decide to release, you know, guitar freaks over here, they'll
be like, why are they ripping off Guitar Hero?
What the hell?
This is a crappy Guitar Hero knock-off.
Seriously, I'm going to fucking beat those people to death is what's going to happen.
I don't know if Spike's laughing at the same thing I am, but Dark Tetsuya wrote in the
chat room, ignorant, but he capitalized the first three letters of that word, and I'll
And I'll just let you kind of dream up what he's trying to say there.
I'll leave it to you.
And then of course our chat room is just going off with what the mystery game could be.
DJ Pooh Eater suggests Banjo Freaks, Firebooma suggests Clarinet Hero, DJ Pooh Eater, Flute
Hero, Hitstun, Xylophone Hero, Drum Hero says Dark Knight, which I think a lot of us are
thinking might be it.
You know, why not?
If they're going to rip off Guitar Freaks, why don't they rip off Drummania while they're
at it?
I mean seriously, I would not be surprised if that's the big surprise game at E3 is Drum
Hero or whatever they call it.
Spiritsnarrow would like to point out, people in reviews have actually nodded to Guitar
Freaks at least once.
Depends what site you're reading it from, but you are right, I have seen those reviews
that have been good enough to do that.
on to a new topic. Loki, I thought this game was already out, but there's a new game coming
to the Playstation 2 and PSP? Yeah, the Fast and the Furious. Like I said, I thought this
game was already out. It was called Need for Speed Most Wanted Underground. It was also
called Midnight Club 3 Dub Edition. That's right, yeah. Or Juice Precision Street Racing.
No, but they're actually... Please, nobody played that. Hey, they're making a PSP port
of it or whatever. Apparently somebody did. But no, actually they are making a licensed
game based on the upcoming movie. Fast and Furious 3 Tokyo Drift. LAME! Wait, for real?
There's a Fast and the Furious 3 Tokyo Drift coming out? Yes, seriously. Isn't that just
initial D the movie? The funny thing is, it doesn't even have Paul Walker. It has a guy
who looks like Paul Walker. I thought Paul Walker was in that. No, Paul Walker is in
the movie.
No, Paul Walker is in that movie because Paul Walker has no work other than that.
Is it Paul Walker goes to Tokyo?
Is that the plot?
It's stupid.
It's just being...
Paul Walker versus the Asian mafia?
It's basically, ooh, the Asian chick who's hot.
Let's bring her back and let's bring Paul Walker back because we need somebody from
the original series.
Maybe they'll have sex.
And yeah, maybe they'll have sex and she'll get all hot and schoolgirl-like and uh...
Paul Walker is not listed on Internet Movie Database.
Well, too bad.
No one's gonna miss him, so...
You know, does this movie have Vin Diesel in it?
Okay, Rama in our chat room would like to point this out, and I'm almost positive he's
right here.
Fast and the Furious was already in the arcade, and it was based on the LA Rush engine.
I'm sure it was, but anyways, this game is gonna be coming out.
What's unique about it, well, I'm not sure if it's unique, but it's kinda cool, is they're
gonna have 500 body kits from authentic manufacturers, so you're actually gonna have real upgrade
part and you know it's also going to feature boss races as well as advanced rubber band
artificial intelligence systems.
I fucking hate god damn advanced rubber band artificial intelligence systems.
You're racing, you're kicking the AI's ass and all of a sudden, they're going 500 fucking
miles to catch up to you.
I don't think so.
If you're fucking out racing them.
I love it in Initial D because I'm always behind in the race, like I'll be racing a
friend I'm always behind and then it totally favors you on the last lap and then right
at the finish line. I get ahead of them and they're like, MOTHERFUCKER! No seriously,
like when I'm playing Burnout or something like that, I will have destroyed the car I'm
racing as. You know, racing against one car. You know, destroyed him like, and I've already
almost slapped the guy, and all of a sudden he's going like Mach 7 down this goddamn freeway.
They catch up to me. So, I hate that shit. But anyways, so um, this game's coming out.
2 PSP only yeah check it out if it looks good I don't know to be honest it's just
gonna be another racing game and there are midnight club 3 double-dition remix
just came out what a few weeks ago it's like 1999 by that instead I mean
seriously don't encourage them to make more movies I didn't say by no no I
that's what I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying to the youth of America do not
encourage these people to make Fast and the Furious 4.
Seriously, who the hell is in this?
The Asian chick now is in this, okay?
Was Vin Diesel in this?
No.
Was Paul Walker in this?
No.
That's sad.
Ranma in our chat room is saying, hey, the Fast and the Furious 3 will own for one reason.
Keiko Kirikawa, who is Sailor Mars.
Yeah, the Asian chick, as I'm dubbing her.
By the way, she's lending her likeness to other really fun movies like the Dead or Alive
movie, which sucks balls, by the way.
You haven't seen it.
I've seen the trailer, and it sucks balls.
You can't judge a movie based off the trailer.
Dude, the trailer is fucking, you know, let's rip off Charlie's Angels 2.
I'm trying to think of a movie that had a great trailer that sucked balls.
Because if that's true, the reverse would be true.
movie with a great trailer that sucked balls? I want to say Fantastic Four but I
haven't seen it so I can't really dog on it but most people have told me it's bad.
So transporter one and two. Okay there you go. Good call. Good call. So
transporter one and two. How about Freddy vs. Jason maybe? Like you know you see the
trailer and you go that's a fucking great concept. You go and see the movie
and you're like what the fuck did I just waste $10 on? No I'm just teasing it
wasn't that bad I can't really I can't really rag on it but yeah I mean
you get my point. Well Freddy vs. Jason was supposed to be cheesy
that's the whole point. And it'll be just like Freddy vs.
Jason vs. Ash if they ever do that, which I wish they would.
You know, completely off topic here, has anyone actually seen, you know, Triple X
2 or whatever? No, why would I do that? It's great though, I haven't seen Triple X 1.
They have this hilarious thing though, it's this bonus thing where they're talking about what
happened to the original
triple X character Vin Diesel's character in the way they've done it
they've shot every shot you see a triple X is just the back of him so because
it's not Vin Diesel but they like they kill him off like really bad that was
that episode of South Park where they spliced all of Isaac Hayes lines
together to get Shaq you know hello children would you like to make love
and that whole thing yeah all right a new story please thank you
Namco has new Namco Bandai I should say has new plug-and-play controllers
they're going to be releasing it's called let's TV play classic yeah these
controllers will plug directly into your TV and have four playable games two old
ones two new ones Namco nostalgia has the retro dragon buster and new dragon
Buster 100 retail price is just under $30 US so what I'm curious are they
gonna have some of those other Namco things they've upgraded I see Mappy and
it looks like Xevious on the one of these box arts there so it might be some
kind of cool stuff by the way before you start thanking Namco for this kind of
stuff all of you know Namco is putting out the fast and the furious game so
reserve your hate well said Loki it's tax season right who missed the memo
apparently Capcom in Japan yeah either they forgot to fail to or they failed to
report approximately five point twelve billion yen that's about forty four
million dollars and in US and over six over the course of six years the penalty
is about 1.2 billion yen or 10 million dollars u.s. and so because of this
actually they delayed dead rising was one of the games that's being delayed
right now because of that and yeah it's kind of interesting oops slight
oversight there oh we have the file taxes that seems like a reasonable
mistake? Sure. We were just talking about Namco a minute ago and there's an
announcement kind of circulating this week. Old-school Namco games are soon
going to be available on Xbox Live Arcade because, you know, making that Namco
collection that they released on Xbox, making it backwards compatible just
wouldn't be good enough.
Let's milk some more money out of this franchise and let's put these games on
Xbox Live so people can hoard gamer points even more.
Pac-Man and Galaga are on their way to Xbox Live Arcade
complete with leaderboards and achievements. I can't possibly fathom
what achievements
will be available on Pac-Man.
You ate a ghost! Ding! 20 points! And yet you're gonna buy them aren't you?
Probably because I'm a sad, sad man. You know, hasn't Pac-Man been on like every
system
ever? Probably. Yeah. Probably. So this really isn't much of a surprise
honestly. Well just the fact that it's coming to Xbox Live Arcade I guess is a surprise.
but uh... notice how namco museum actually no i think i i think the
namco museum actually i might be wrong i think it is backwards compatible
i think that uh... fiftieth one i think i do remember seeing it on the backwards
compatibility list i think you can play it doesn't matter anyways if you had a
ridge racer you could play it anyways that's all i guess that's true
very good point
uh...
so but they want you to pay five dollars or maybe even ten who knows for leader
boards and what have you now here's an idea
how about eight port of the pac-man verses
like you had on the Game Boy Advance that you could hook into the GameCube
where you could play it on Xbox Live and some of your friends are the ghosts
and you're the Pac-Man. Now wouldn't that be a lot better? Wouldn't that make my money more worthwhile?
So how about this? Instead of just porting over the original Pac-Man, how about you port over one of the
Pac-Man remixes that they have, you know, where the graphics are at least a little bit better.
Where, you know, it might utilize the widescreen,
you know, like it did on the PSP. But no. No, we have to port over the original one and put some
art on the side there because yeah
it's great. Yeah. Rama in the chat room says fuck Pac-Man versus I want Pac-Mania
I want them both why don't we just get like a small Pac-Man anthology there
come on for five bucks for old games come on you can give me some
other old Pac-Mania you can give me Pac-Mania you can give me Pac-Man 91 or whatever it was
when they did the
the souped up versions give me some of that.
Loki oh, I wait at first I want to mention this
Gamer points. I was reading the Xbox forums this week and I saw some person say that they had rented top spin, too
And that they had figured out a way for them and their friend to play on Xbox Live and whore up the gamer points
By it because if you quit out of a match you still get credit for playing the match
So it was really easy to unlock the 25 and 50 matches gamer points
Is it ethical to do this to cheat your way to getting these gamer points?
How about renting games, getting the points, or basically renting games just for the sole purpose of milking out as many points as you can. Is that ethical?
Well, renting games, I wouldn't say it's not ethical. I would say that you just, you know, probably could be doing better things with your time and money.
But, you know, if you're playing the games to actually get the points correctly, then, you know, that's your prerogative if you want to go and rent these really crappy games to get the points out of them.
Um, as far as cheating to get points, I don't think it's right, but I do it, and, um...
Well, necessarily, I don't go as far as, you know, quitting games and stuff like that to cheat, but like, for example, Far Cry has cheat codes, and...
Ubisoft, they let you get achievement points with the cheat codes, and they have the same thing with Ghost Recon.
You know, it's their own damn fault that they didn't, you know, program it in there where you can't get the achievement with those.
Um, the outfit has cheat codes, but you don't get achievement points if you have them on,
so you know, the outfit sucks, by the way, but um, I don't know.
I think it's their own fault for that, so yeah, I guess it's wrong that they're cheating,
but I don't know.
I don't see a problem with them renting games.
I don't know.
I think I agree with your point where it's, I don't think it's renting the games to get
the points that's so bad.
I mean, I've borrowed games from you, and I've worked my way to getting achievement
points, but I would never cheat the system to do it.
Like that whole quitting in and out thing, that was just stupid.
If I notice that I'm going to get 10 points if I do this special little thing, it's like
in Geometry Wars, who's going to sit there for 60 seconds dodging all the monsters?
You wouldn't usually think to do that.
But hey, it was worth 10 points, I'll give it a try.
a little bit of a challenge, makes a little task. It's kind of like a mission. I sort
of think of it that way. And I don't think there's anything unethical about doing that.
Now, you can't really rent a game like Geometry Wars, but I think that theory applies. If
you're going to rent games and accomplish as much as you can, I think that's okay. But
I think when you resort to cheating and those things, I don't think that's okay. Specifically
for the purpose of getting gamer points. I mean, if you're cheating your way through
the game, then whatever, you've already made that decision. But I do think Xbox should
figure out a way to disable gamer points when you're cheating.
My point...
But if the developers left it in there, that's their own damn fault.
My point with Far Cry, for example, the game's hard enough even when you are cheating, so
you know what, it's just added fun for my...
They don't have an infinite health code, they just have infinite ammo, and infinite, like,
feral or your adrenaline or whatever, and it's still really fun, it's still really hard,
and it just makes it, you know, so I don't have to go and try to, you know, collect ammo
and don't have to sneak my way through the game, because sneaking my way through the
game we caused that game to be about five times as long as it is now and it
is pretty long as it is so let's go to orange lounge radio.com click on chat and
look in our chat room for some comments on here Fireboma wants to know what
did the game what did the gamer points do nothing they're really they really
aren't anything it's it's an internet penis thing the more points you have the
bigger your internet penis is I mean even if you're a girl you know what I'm
talking about you're I'm talking about that whole you know look at me I'm cool
because I have you know 50 million gamer points you know and these are different
from the points that you use to actually buy things on the Xbox.
These are just totally useless status points.
It's a status symbol.
It's like, remember on the Atari 2600, if you could get like 2000 points and kaboom,
you take a picture, remember don't use the flash and you send it to Activision, they'll
send you a patch that you can put on your jacket.
I think that's pretty cool.
That's what this is.
I think it's cool too, but I don't think it's cool and people cheat to do it.
You know what, if they did that for the Xbox Live arcade games, the patches, I wonder if
that would actually be kind of like a cult thing, you know, if people would pick up on
that.
Because, you know, people are into this retro shit, so I think that would be kind of neat.
And you'd see probably a whole, I think it'd bring more attention to it, so, I don't know.
DJ Poo Eater would like to know, is it virtual boobs for the girl gamers?
No, Roz in the chat room says, my E penis, hers is 12 miles long on a cold day.
That's quite the impressive e-penis there.
Also what was the other comment in here I saw?
Oh, GS191 said, great, point whoring, what's next, the achievement point police?
Head on over to the Xbox Live forums, there are some people on there that have their panties
in a bunch that people are cheating their way to getting these points.
Alright, we're going to open up the Skype line very, very soon over at our website www.orangelaunchradio.com.
on interact with us and you can call us on the skype line to talk about anything that
you want to hear this last few minutes of the show open forum but first a couple quick
notes first off the other contest we promised we were going to do tonight we are also doing
a giveaway tonight for amped three this is the action-packed snowboarding game for the
xbox 360 now loki you actually own this game right i have to i have to be honest i haven't
played this yet but loki you own this i owned it sold it bought it back because i liked
it. What do you do in this game? It's snowboarding? It's snowboarding. The only thing that turned
me off about it is because it didn't have live support, because it would have been pretty
sweet live. But it's your snowboarding game type thing. What's kind of cool about it is
they have hang gliding in there as well, snowmobiles, sleds, which are pretty cool, and the sleds
are fun. It's just a really weird game. The cut scenes are done with weird comics, sock
puppets. Yeah, I see a little pink bunny on the back of the box there. That has my interest
It's really acid trippy, it reminds me of like MTV2 or something like that.
But um...
Like Wondershosen or something?
Very yeah, very Wondershosen-ish.
It's a fun game and you know, if you get a chance to go get a game, because there isn't
really too much coming out in these next few months, check it out, they've actually dropped
the price down to $39.99 now, and so it's really cheap, you can go find it and it's
a good snowboarding game until there's another SSX or something.
if you're feeling like a cheap bastard you can win one right now just send an
email to snow
at orange lounge radio dot com
and that's all you have to do we don't even we're not gonna make you name
anything just send an email to snow at orange lounge radio dot com and say i
want to win
plus we'll pick one at random next week achievement point hoard there are some
pretty easy achievement points in there and it's got a terrain editor which is
kind of neat over three hundred new audio tracks
that's a lot of that's a lot of music i haven't heard all the audio tracks it's
It's a lot to listen to. It's a lot of independent rock.
Hey, that's fine.
I'm a supporter of Indie Rock. I think that's a good thing.
But it's worth checking out.
Just send an email to snow at orangeontrader dot com.
And not snowboard, we have to think of a word that you actually have to be listening to the show to hear.
So snow at orangeontrader dot com if you want to win a copy of AMP 3.
The Xbox 360, so you have to be a 360 owner.
The game won't do you much good otherwise, I'm sorry to say.
But hey, if you don't have a 360, I was actually at Fry's today and they had some there.
oh they're making they're making their way around now you can get you can get a
360 now yeah so just to clarify some folks in our chat room are saying is
this for ps2 no this is Xbox 360 amp 3 you might is amp 2 and amp 1 those are
and those are Xbox I think just regular I don't think you get those on ps2 it's
made by 2k games who also made topspin 2 which I talked about earlier in the show
all right we can't wait to give stuff away next week we'll be pulling for not
just that but the 24 game we gave away in part a and if you missed it listen to
Part A, because we'll tell you how to win the 24 game.
Loki,
Laura Croft.
I bashed the Tomb Raider demo earlier in the show, but at least there's some good
news coming
Laura Croft's way.
Yes, Laura Croft,
don't ask me why, I really don't know why,
she was actually, she's earned a Guinness World Record as the most successful
video game heroine.
To which I ask,
what about Mrs. Pac-Man? Seriously. But apparently, what kind of a fucking record is that anyways?
That's not a record. She didn't eat the most chili dogs in the world. She didn't, you know,
grow the longest, you know, whatever, carrot. I mean, she's just a fake person in a game.
And so, okay, over the past 10 years, Lovecraft has sold, they've sold over 28 million games
worldwide in the Tomb Raider series. It's appeared on stage with U2 and covers over
200 magazines and more recently, of course, Angelina Jolie put out two really awful movies.
And yeah, and they have, you know, even over, it's a 1 billion dollar industry with items
from lunch boxes, soft drinks, motor vehicles receiving the Lara Croft brand treatment.
What kind of fucking vehicle has, you know, Tomb Raider edition or something like that?
I have not heard of that, but I don't know.
All that news in the world did not make that demo any better, I'm sorry to say.
And you know what?
You know what I have to ask though?
Is really, is Guinness Book losing like its edge?
I mean are they just letting anyone come into this book nowadays?
I mean even fake people, I mean I can understand if someone did a speed run through Tomb Raider
Could we get a world record for something?
How about most Guinness drank on a podcast?
We might be able to do that.
I'll join in for that one.
Heck yeah.
It's just like, really.
I mean, it's a fake person.
The fake person does not have a sex.
All right.
Let's go on over to the Skype line
over at orangelaungeradio.com, click on interact with us,
and see what our listeners have to say.
And we're already getting some calls.
Let's go to this first call.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey.
Hi, who's this?
This is Roz.
Hello, Roz.
What's on your mind?
Well, once again, I'm sitting around playing Advanced Crack
after being sick for all of last week, which
is why I didn't call.
Did you get Jamie sick?
Maybe.
All right.
Well, what did you call in to talk to us about tonight?
One of our stories you have some feedback to or anything?
Well, we could talk about my wonderful e-penis if you'd like.
It actually has a name and a holiday.
I was actually going to suggest, because I remember
you were mentioning about your large e-penis earlier,
is it appropriate for me to be saying
that girls who have a lot of achievement points on Xbox Live
or other types of online accomplishments have an e-penis?
Or is that sexist?
Absolutely.
All right, just making sure.
It's absolutely acceptable.
Mine has a name, actually.
Oh.
I call it General Grant.
General Grant?
Yes. Why do you call your E-Penis General Grant?
It all started one night.
I think it was actually March 29th,
which is our made-up holiday.
And I just came up with it. I just thought of the name.
Yeah. You know what? There's some guys out there that name their,
you know, I ain't talking about E, okay? They name their real deal.
and usually it's just because, now I don't sorry
but I usually it's just you know because they think of it one random night maybe
when they're high or something I don't know but
it comes it comes to them in a dream and suddenly
it has a name. I can understand that.
spiritsnarrow would like to point out in our chat room you named your E Penis
you win the podcast
congratulations and Jism would like to know, or Jism
I hope it's not Gizm that might be bad. Gizm says.
Sorry buddy, sorry, sorry.
What am I listening to? Ha ha ha.
You won the show and I just lost it.
Thank you.
Roz, anything else on your mind?
Advanced Wars. Holy shit, it's so fun.
put it down and maybe try some Kingdom Hearts 2? No? Maybe I'll stop for a while and play
more Phoenix Wright, but I don't think I'll move from those two. Alright, well Phoenix
Wright is a good game too. The thing with Kingdom Hearts is that my PS2 is dead. Like,
really dead. In a couple short months the PS3 will be out and then the PS2 is bound
to get a price cut. Yeah, that's probably a good thing for me because my PS2 is dead
and I miss playing Akaji.
Roz, you should beg and plead maybe our chatters.
Maybe they'll take up a collection for a new PS2 for you.
Offer to show them General Grant.
Please, General Grant wants a PS2.
Alright. Roz, I gotta let you go so we can get to another call,
but thank you so much for calling in, okay?
Okay, bye.
Have a good one. Bye-bye.
Alright, let's go to another call.
We're getting hammered tonight, guys.
I'm not gonna be able to get to everybody.
I'm so sorry.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
slam that door. Who's this? Hi, this is Spirit Snare.
Hi Spirit Snare, what's on your mind? Why did you have to shut the door there?
Were you afraid somebody was going to hear me?
That was my brother actually.
Tell them to stop being a brat. What's on your mind?
About Guitar Hero being innovative.
I was actually surprised that you didn't...
you guys didn't like... you guys weren't
outraged like whatchamacallit
back when it was announced over at the
game developers conference at ETH when guitar hero was first announced at
E3
when guitar hero was announced as being the most innovative at the
GDC
oh yeah what do you think about that Loki you remember how guitar hero won the
prize of most innovative among many
other awards guitar heroes won this year he's making a
Jerk off motion with his hand there. That's that's lovely. It's retarded. Let me put that I
You know what low-key? I think you're in the minority. I think a lot of people think but I will say this though. I think
amplitude
Frequency should have been given more of those types of honors. I mean this is kind of like okay
You know how the Grammys have a best new artist category every year and sometimes the person who wins the best new artist
This is actually like their fifth album, but it's like they're just now getting noticed right you know what I mean
yeah that's kind of what this reminds me of is it's like okay it's not really a
new concept but they did it so well this time we're gonna notice them that's
exactly what this is like to me so yeah but even though well even even though
guitar fix was like released like even though guitar fix was released like way
ahead of their time you know even though like it's a con it's a mixed up concept
and stuff that really shouldn't have deserved the award well I guess
everybody is open to their own opinion anything else you want to share with us
tonight spirits sir mmm no okay well thanks for your call we appreciate it
okay thank you have a good one thanks for listening all right let's go to
to another call here doo doo doo doo doo doo let's go to this one hello you're on
orange lounge radio hi it's guy it's me Raven's dolphin hello Raven's dolphin
what's on your mind buddy I just want to comment on that achievement points yes
what do you want to say well I hate them why do you hate them I only have 630 and
All my friends got 1,300.
I have 900.
I have more than you, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Oh, that's just great.
Is that the only reason you're upset is because you have
a few points, whereas a lot of people have more?
No, I'm just way too poor to buy $60 games.
What about the cheapy little $5 and $10 games
you can get on Xbox Live?
Feeding Frenzy, 75 easy, easy points.
Crystal quest probably a hundred easy points right there
I'm saving my Microsoft points for Street Fighter. I want to kick someone's ass. There you go
You know Street Fighter is finally supposed to be coming out and I think April finally that will come out
But of course they've been saying this, you know for three months now, but if they're gonna fix the lag, I guess it's a good thing
Yeah, that's what I'm excited for but
Can I say one more thing?
Of course.
Can I say one more thing?
Okay.
There's a little bit of lag.
The Mac boot camp thing?
Mm-hmm.
The Mac boot camp thing?
I think it's the greatest thing that Mac ever did, supporting Windows.
Yay.
All right.
Yay indeed.
You can call me a hypocrite for nothing.
All right.
No, I won't call you a hypocrite.
I think it's a smart move for Mac as well
All right have a good box guy have a good one Ravens dolphin
See ya
We're getting a little bit of lag there with Ravens dolphin. Maybe we'll do one more call
I do want to say real fast though. Um, somebody said in chat room. Let's see
Where is it? Oh, it really is pronounced jism. That's how you say that name. It's short for
Neologism so it's actually pronounced jism. So I said the name right the first time I know I do not have something dirty on the brain
You you freaking perverts. I don't even have faith. I don't even know what you're talking about
I don't even know what you're talking about. That's how pure my soul is
Okay, we're gonna pick up one more call
I'm doing this completely at random because everybody in chat is yelling me to pick up their call
But I'm just gonna pick up a random call. Hello. You're on orange on radio. Hi. Hi. Who's this?
This is in there from new Kevin attic. Hi. Hi Xander from new kinetic. Oh you cut out. What's on your mind?
I didn't have a whole lot on my mind tonight can you hear me I'm so glad that
you called you better think of something quick to talk about no no I'm gonna talk
about something just okay what is it think the problem is I wanted to talk to
Jamie about something but she's not here tonight well can we pass on a message
for you no I'll just wait till whenever she's back what the hell did you call in
for tonight oh can we help you okay I have other things to talk about all
right well you better bring it yeah I know I changed my location this is day
dang it I forgot no no I have it don't hang up all right oh what's you I need
it yesterday you beat Kingdom Hearts 2 already yeah how is the ending and if
you spoil it I'll fly out to new Connecticut and choke you how is the
ending it's it's good it's kind of similar to the first one though mm-hmm
Um in the sense that it ends with the king sending him a letter I
Said don't ruin the damn thing
Right, that's not spoiler. All right, fine
But yeah, it's it's good. Um, the last boss battle is very good. It kind of had a wind waker like vibe to it in a
way
Um, you know the way you killed off Ganondorf in the end. They had it kind of had a similar like really flashy
Oh, you spoiled Wind Waker for me!
Shut up!
Alright, was it worth the $50 you paid for it?
Honestly, I don't think video games at all are worth $50, but I certainly had a great time with it.
It was only like 30 hours, but it was a good 30 hours.
There were a few bosses I didn't like because they were really annoying.
Did you spend 3 hours on the prologue?
yes so that means 10 percent of the game is the prologue
yep that's amazing spike you had a question okay so
my question for you is did you get the hidden video at the end
no but I saw it before it even came out
on the internet I heard it it's
I can't even say I don't want to spoil but I heard it's
it's what the hidden video in part one did for part two
are you banning me from asking my question on the air?
You cannot spoil the game or many people will kill you.
Send Spike an email.
You guys, you kids can Kingdom Hearts it out an email, okay?
If you want to see the secret ending, just go to YouTube.
I know, yeah.
I've seen it and I have some speculation about it, but...
We can't spoil, though.
We can't.
It's like all over the GameFAQs message board.
Can you make it spoiler-free somehow?
I wouldn't be able to for what I want to say.
Alright.
Zander, Zander, we gotta let you go before something gets spoiled, okay?
Okay.
Have a good one.
Ansem's still alive.
Alright.
I didn't even hear what he said, what did he say?
He said Ansem's still alive.
You dick.
I lied, we'll do one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hi, I lied. I lied. We decided to take one more call. What's on your mind?
Well, oh yeah that I'm sick, I'm sorry to hear that what does that have to do with tonight's show
No, I'm sure you get better soon. You know, obviously something's going around. Okay, seriously, what's on your mind?
Okay, um, it's bothering me. You guys keep saying yen. It's pronounced N. I'm
Say oh, oh the currency
in Japan
Mm-hmm. Well, you see I'm a honky who can't pronounce Japanese words, right?
You know, I'll go you want to go out from some for some sushi. What do we get some sushi?
And some teriyaki can I get some teriyaki chicken
Yeah, all right, so I make mistakes it's you know what that's why I'm on the internet radio and not on real radio, okay
Anything else you anything else you want to say besides picking on me
Yes, this is Nintendo Maniac 64.
Well, hi Nintendo Maniac 64!
Or, as I say, Fever Maniac 64.
Anything else on your mind tonight before I cut you off?
Yeah, my DS charger cable. I've modded it so I have headphone jacks on the cord.
I can plug in my AC adapter, a USB port, or, get this, a mouse port. Plug.
I'm impressed.
Resident Evil 4, bitch.
Bye! Alright then.
Get better soon.
What is up with the colors tonight?
Hey, I just wanted to talk, man.
I'm sick, dude!
Do you know what I fucking did with my mouse this week?
I spent 30 hours on Kingdom Hearts this week!
Now, my E-Penis is huge!
I have a question for you.
God, I love our fans.
Yes, love you.
Awesome.
So, USB port and mouse port, what's the point?
Because you can- Why do you install Linux on a toaster?
Because you can.
But you can't hook up a mouse to it.
Huh?
I mean, like, if I installed a cigarette lighter on my PSP, but I don't smoke.
you would have it
for what
all right we're gonna go around and get tonight's last-minute stories any last
minute things people want to bring up loki you seem to always have something
uh... yeah i was gonna mention uh...
there's a some rumors stuff i was reading
one of them saying that final fantasy seven the remake is in production for
the ps3 right now
uh... that the trend also secured rights for grand theft auto the next grand theft auto
for the 360 to be exclusive
which is not going to happen and how God was the other one
that's all I got so far
alright I have a real last minute story here
this is coming to us from GK 128 in the chat room there's a post over on
Nintendo forums
rumors going around that blue wave may perhaps be the real name of the
revolution
I take into consideration the revolution has a blue light
there's waving the controller there's the blue ocean thing people been talking
about
a competition to blu-ray perhaps this leak is coming from some type of audio
link there from your file host dot com
I check that out in our chat room was just posted the link there I'm sure if
this is true they'll be plenty of more news about in the next week
right now take it as a rumor the name of the revolution to be the blue wave
possibly I don't know your target sounding I'm sorry
I I could see I could see it I could see that my problem is retarded
is you're making it out to me. Spike? I really like the name Revolution.
I do too. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. I think that should be the name of it too.
I mean, because it's revolutionary, it's...
I don't know, you can revolve the controller around.
I'm doing little quotation marks with my fingers here.
It's catchy and buzzy.
I think that it's exactly what Nintendo needs to turn their image around,
something that's going to make people say, hey wait, this
is different. Possibly. Any other last-minute stories?
Spike, do you have something? Well, on Friday, actually, Capcom announced the Capcom
Classics Collection Reloaded.
It's the follow-up compilation disc for PlayStation 2 and
Xbox. Right now the titles that have been announced for it are
Eco Fighters, King of Dragons, Knights of the Round, also looks like some Commando,
Ghosts and
Ghosts and Ghosts, and Street Fighter 2.
some of those games were in the last one
that's kinda weird I don't I don't I don't get this press release but it's
there on the internet
Kotaku posted a link, IGN posted a link
seems pretty kosher but
Resident Evil 4 bitch
any other last minute stories?
just the one I have
I also want to say really quick because somebody in the chat room reminded me to mention
our panels at Fanime. Yes, we are going to be going to Fanime. We're doing panels that's
still in the works. StarkSakura would know more about that. Just a reminder, that's Memorial
Day weekend. Not only are we going to be there, but Spike, you're going to Fanime as well,
correct? You're going to be there?
Oh yeah, I'm there just about every year.
And you'll be at our panels as well? Hopefully?
Sure.
Please? Yes. And, well, you'll at least be there. I don't know what we're doing for them
yet.
Yeah, I'll be present.
He'll be there to sign autographs. And hopefully some of our other regulars. I know Extrafur
will probably be there, and maybe we can get Miklataub to come with us too. We'll see.
That'll all go down in front of me.
Okay, I have one more thing.
One more?
Yeah, this is basically coming from the new issue of Game Informer. First off, they're
sticking by their information that the new Halo game is going to be called Forerunner.
They also revealed that a Project Orion is in existence, and basically it's supposed
a team put together to explore the possibility of a Halo MMO, and it's still in the planning
stages but it's going ahead.
Also the Final Fantasy VII Remake for the PlayStation 3 is supposed to be going to have
the Final Fantasy XII action battle system in there, so you're going to be in a real
time battle with some armors until we see some actual details.
Alright, that's about going to wrap it up for tonight's program, but not before we get
to the last story of the evening, which comes to us from Loki.
We were going to make Jamie talk about this, but maybe this is why she called in tonight,
I don't know.
Well, I wanted to first, real quick, before I go over the last story, I just want to mention
what's coming out this week.
Oh sure.
If you are a PC Gamer fan, they have Auto Assault Online Limited Edition with some bonus
stuff.
finally coming out on the PC. Stacked, the poker game, is coming out which is interesting
since the console version has been delayed until May. Let's see, nothing on the DS. Game
Boy Advance only has crap coming out this week. GameCube though has Odama which is kind
of strange. You know, feudal military strategy mixed with pinball. So that's an odd one.
On PlayStation 2, you've got a new Monster Rancher game, Monster Rancher Evo, Samurai
Champloo Side Trek, which is actually I think being developed by the people that did Killer7.
Tomb Raider Legend is going to be available on all systems, including the 360 and the
Xbox.
I guess no GameCube until later this year.
Of course on the PSP, we have the Silent Hill experience coming out that coincided with
the movie released next week.
It must have bumped that up.
I believe they have.
If I remember, Silent Hill, Silent Hill Experience, I thought that around that time was supposed
to be not the Silent Hill Experience, but the collection.
Hmm, interesting.
But I haven't really heard anything official on that, so I don't know, maybe.
So look for that if, you know, see if it's coming.
Of course, yeah, I'm not too sure about these release dates, because it said Stacks is supposed
to be coming out on the 11th and that's not right.
But King of Fighters Neo Wave here, King of Fighters fan, and on the 360 MLB 2K6, only
baseball game out there on the 360.
Battlefield 2 is supposed to be pretty good, and Tomb Raider Legend on the fence.
And I don't think DarkSakura would mind me stealing her European release dates, because
she always talks about that for our friends in the UK.
If you're over in the UK, you've got coming out this week on the 13th, Dragon Quest, Journey
of the Cursed King.
If you're an RPG fan, you must get this, PlayStation 2.
Mega Man Battle Network 5 Double Team coming out on the DS, The Sims 2 expansion family
fun stuff on the PC, Auto Assault also making its way to the PC, and SEGA is bringing out
Football Manager 2006 on the Xbox 360 and the PSP, I believe that is the hard drive
required title.
Yes it is.
For the 360 isn't it?
Yes.
Next week you guys have to look forward to Final Fantasy 11 on PC and Xbox 360, that
would be the Treasures of Ot Organ of course.
not yes that's right that is coming out next week for no no I'm sorry that is
the following week yes it's the following week now I'm into the week at
the 20th and 21st and on the 21st you guys are getting electroplankton over in
the UK Tamagotchi on the DS and Tetris DS is also making his way the DS might I
also say on the 20th you guys are scheduled to get 99 nights lucky we're
not getting that for a while I don't believe that we'll see that's what the
list says that's what i'm reading so take that with a grain of salt but uh...
big grain of salt all right well that's what the list says that's just what i'm reading off of
maybe you guys you know it's not uncommon for folks in the uk to once in a while get a game
before us so i wouldn't i wouldn't uh... wait who's bringing that over because if that might
be ubisoft they might be releasing i closed the list yeah i think it is ubisoft so oh shoot
whatever anyways it's hold on i'm looking we've got um
Microsoft is publishing it
huh that's interesting yep alright now we're gonna get into the final story of
the night
no we have a comment in a chat room there
I'm black with black wolf in our chair and says 99 nights is coming out in
Japan on April 20th not Europe
yeah I I'm more correct I just I'm
green list three way I don't go with Japan so I made a mistake
Okay, alright.
Loki, last story of the night.
Yes.
Well, we've seen a lot of weird things come out.
This I'm kind of...
I don't think it actually ties in with the actual
game, but
if you're in Japan and you happen to be near a Japanese sex toy shop,
you can find a Kingdom Heart
vibrator.
Yes, the Kingdom Hearts AC.
It's selling a Kingdom Hearts branded rabbit vibrator. Of course, it doesn't look like it has anything to do with Kingdom Hearts, except for the name, maybe a brand name or something, but I don't know.
It's something to get those Kingdom Hearts hardcore fans out there that they might not already own.
Now you too can join organization 69.
I want one. Put this on your little black hood.
this is something to get those people that have the trans vibrator and can't
think of you know anything else gaming-related to get. This reminds me of the Hello Kitty
vibrator.
I want to know how long it's gonna take for fan art with key blades with
these dangling from the end on the chain.
Really? And Dirty Thief just got the quote of the show there in our chat room.
It's a key blade that unlocks your pleasure.
They win at the internet.
I think Dirty Thief ought to be marketing this show to the masses out there.
Please, if you guys do want to market the show to the masses, we really appreciate it.
That's the only way we get big is word of mouth.
We don't have no big magazine company back in our show.
We don't have no big website that backs our show.
We are independent.
We're as independent as it gets.
We are out of the spare bedroom of my apartment doing this program and we need word of mouth.
That's right.
I'm wagging my face.
The way your head is moving, I wish I could show the audience at home.
Well, we're hoping to do the video thing soon enough.
Sorry, I didn't get any video this time.
Just check it out on OLRPSP.com and huge, huge video things to come.
We're very, very excited.
And I guess that's that.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Your final thought, Spike.
Why did I have to go first?
Loki, your final thought.
My lap is on fire because of this laptop.
My final thought is Resident Evil 4, bitch!
Have a great week.
See you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You get to fight, fight
