Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back here with Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 179, April the 2nd, 2006.
Remember, guys, we're coming off of April Fool's Day, so take everything you hear tonight
with a grain of salt.
One thing that is the real deal, though, we have a special guest here joining us for Part
B. Say hello, everybody, to OLR favorite Miklotov.
Miklotov Hello.
How you doing?
Miklotov I'm fine.
And Miklotov, of course, works over at Konami.
Miklotov Yes.
But due to NDAs, can't really tell us anything.
Miklotov Yes.
Are there any good games coming out this year from Konami?
Miklotov Yes.
Miklotov Yes.
Okay, I guess that's about all we can figure out.
Can you tell us anything about sequels to popular franchises?
No. Can you tell us anything about Metal Gear 4? No.
So he'll be giving us one word answers all night long. He can tell you that it is coming out.
Well that's public information, we've all seen the trailer.
Alright. How's Beatmania?
How's that doing? Yes.
You can talk about Beatmania now, it's out. I don't know, how is it
doing I have my coffee it sure is a great turntable controller all right
speaking of amiglotov will be chiming in throughout the segment tonight he's
gonna help us with a little game later on but for meanwhile let's let's keep
talking about music games one often overlooked music game on the ps2 might
be coming back soon dark soccer yeah maybe if I'm good if you eat your
vegetables and clean your room and make your bed I'll try guitar a man live to
PSP there are listings being put up by several of the Japanese retailers for a
PSP title called guitar a man live due out in Japan at the end of May no
details out nothing official has been said about it but the hints there you
never know I'm surprised we haven't seen a prep of the rapper game for a PSP
That's a good point as well. Why drag the system sales down further?
Hey! Parappa's awesome! You shut up.
I like how I'm Jammer Lammy. I don't like Parappa.
Do you think maybe the success of Guitar Hero is causing people to go, hmm, maybe we should go...
Of course, this is Japan now, not the US, but I would assume that if this comes out in Japan, we'd luck out and get it here in the US, too.
They need to bring out the Taiko No Tatsujin.
For the PSP?
Yeah.
Oh, that's right, they have one. Well, what's the point? There's no drum!
So?
So there's no drum!
It was fun.
tyke there's no Tyco in Tyco you hook it up to the USB yeah yeah speaking of
speaking of release you know rhythm music games I saw this at GameStop when
I went there the other day to get my game they have this thing called the
drum pad it's a dance pad but you don't dance on it you kneel next to it you hit
it with drumsticks is that not the lamest thing I have I mean have you
isn't that just a freestyle routine it's a really bad routine stupid and I can't
believe that they're selling that but I try it you would all right so I hope
that I hope that really I really do hope so and also I have to say that for the
message board for where we found this uh-huh I do think that whoever posted
this filler bunny it has the best name ever but anyway um you know I'm really
hoping that we see it because I mean the one problem with that though for anyone
who played guitar a man is they would have to really I think well the PSP has
good speakers on it though this is the thing because the Eurobeat on initial D
was sounding really good so that really though have to outdo themselves to make
the music sound as good as it did on the first one well Zander C is suggesting in
chat room over at orange launch radio click on chat here's what they should
call the sequel guitar o man fuck the sand bone trio is it anybody who's
played guitar o man had oh my through that stage I was getting hung up on the
stupid para para stage our UFO isn't that like the second stage I know I
love that song it's like it's like right at the end of it yeah not as good as the
Eurobeat song that's in there though that is the Eurobeat the fly there's
There's another song in there.
No, that's what you're thinking of.
No, that's the Eurobeat stage with the Para Para UFO.
My bad, my bad.
Para Para Eurobeat.
Okay.
It's such a good song.
I know it is.
All right.
For the Zambon Trio.
That game is so good.
Moving on, another game that I think a lot more people are looking forward to, Loki,
we might have some news on.
Yes.
There's a lot more fans of this one than Guitar Man.
I got to follow up on something we talked about.
Okay.
Remember the Forerunner rumor, supposedly?
Yeah.
That actually was in-game.
Well, there was that Halo thing, right?
Okay, halo 3 that actually the whole article was in game informer and I actually got the read it. I don't know
What source they're taking it from whether I don't think it's gonna be
You know what? Halo 3 is obviously they're gonna call it
Halo 3 or Halo 4 runner or something like that, which will be Halo 3 like Ghost Recon advanced war fighter type thing
anyways, so
Supposedly the word on the street is
that IGN once again their anonymous source has found that that halo 3 is
supposed to be shipping March 2007 and is the story the story is not dated
April 1st no the story came out March 30th however it is close enough to that
but it sounds about right time wise I guess yeah they want to save it for the
holiday season? I mean it'll sell either way but you always pick your
biggest things at the holiday season I thought. Not if they think Sony or
Nintendo's plotting something around the same time frame. Maybe they think that
maybe that's when the PlayStation 3 is actually gonna launch. Who knows, who
knows. Yeah I'm kind of surprised they wouldn't try to release it in time for
Christmas but of course you know something like Halo you don't want to
screw that up. Technically that is in time for Christmas, just really early.
Wrong year, wrong year. Remember the rumors that the Halo 3 was supposed to
disrupt
the Sony PlayStation 3 launch? Didn't Gates say that or something?
I don't know. I'm really very happy if everything's been kept under wraps
like I think it has. Well, you think that this is
Microsoft's big thing at E3 because they don't have a new system to show off
this year. Now they've got to give us a big game. Or so we
so we know. Oh, that's true. They could have their portable that everybody's been
rumoring about, but...
Um, I think Halo 3 is definitely gonna be the thing that they kick off the focus of their
Announcements. It's gotta be I mean
All right, because that's what else are you gonna do in places? They're gonna be like, oh look how pretty everything is and you know
Nintendo's gonna be look how innovative everything is
Microsoft can be like look we have Halo 3
so
And the fanboys go. Yeah
Oh, by the way, I forgot to mention, three more games have been added to the compatibility
list.
Oh, really?
Winning 11-9, so some soccer for you, Black, and, god damn it, I forgot the last one.
That's alright.
Now, so, that whole, like, oh, Xbox 360 is going to be constantly updated with, you know,
new backwards compatible.
Bullshit!
We got three in the past couple months.
Okay, yeah, sure.
okay interesting it was just in time for their third relaunch of the system so I
can I can I can play Barbie but I still can't play DDR for Silent Hill all right
okay um speaking of which you bring this up we touched on this in the first part
of the show and I tried to kind of retell your experiences but how was it
at Best Buy this morning how did you come to find out that they were gonna be
doing the sale and all that good stuff um well I have a relative who works at
Best Buy and he informed me that Best Buy was doing yet another relaunch type
deal of the Xbox 360 and it was very hush-hush apparently. When we got there
it was only like 8.30 and nobody was there and by the time the place opened
there was about 10 people in line and they had about I think about 90 systems
and my first one was defective kind of in my own weird way and so I mean when I
I took it back right before they closed and they still had plenty of systems, so
There's a shortage over from what you saw
At that Best Buy. Yeah, right. There's nobody in there today. So
But I assume it's getting better now
After today, well, enjoy your 360. Maybe the second one that you're on now. I have to see if it works still
What games did you get? This is nothing and you tell us your gamer tags all the DDR fanboys can start adding you
Are you gonna get rumble roses xx no cuz I worked on that game, and I know it's not a good game Wow
Here's the point though
I know I can give that game for free because Konami loves our company and they send us free stuff and
Usually the people that work with me don't like the Konami stuff because they aren't into like you know music games and stuff and no
One has a 360 so I'm looking forward to getting rumble roses for free because I'm not buying the game
But um, I mean, no, it's just not you know, I didn't play dead or alive 4
I thought oh I got to get this game cuz you know, it's a really good fighting game. No, I didn't like it
But it looked fun because at least they're
Nipple-icious, I don't know the good thing about rumble roses double X is that it has really nice lighting and
Sometimes good graphics. I that's it
I want to make the most offensive looking character to play online me
Let's have your line because you you you told me yourself the photo mode was oh, oh, yeah photo mode if you're a dirty dirty
pervert
It is really good for you because you can take really really bad pictures and share them with your friends
When we were testing it, I guess some reviewers in Mexico had already gotten it. I don't know why Mexico has systems
but
like
They had pictures for us to download and I swear
Seen things that bad in a long time
Wow
Dark Sakura any interest in taking dirty photos on rumble roses double X and sending them to all your friends. No
That sure beats, you know seeing the spam check out my burnout clip
I I wish I so wish things that worked out so you could have gone away saying it
So what you're saying is you can actually spread those clips online. Yeah, you can download them
they have like
This place where you can just download photos that people have uploaded and you can do whatever you want with them now
Now, can you download them if you don't have the game?
No, cuz it's a it's like a an option in the game to ah, damn because we could have a totally awesome contest
You know rubber roses xx dirty photo contest who can make you do it also put like outlines around your pictures
So when we were testing it we had two of the chicks, you know
Really close to each other and we put a heart around it. It was pretty funny and cute
But that game is worthless. It's so confusing and not fun
Interesting
Like the actual game, all right, let's move on talk about some other news
Do you guys remember the whole flowers for Jack like that was like weeks ago?
We actually gave money to that
Well now it turned into this whole other thing that pixel on T is now what they're calling themselves
Well, they're selling shirts now and game politics ran a story on this earlier in the week. They are selling their t-shirts
They are able to be purchased now on
Zazzle which I think is a competitor to cafe e-press or whatever that is. So Zazzle sells us now
you can see it at zazzle comm slash pixel anti charity and
Shirts are around $15. But here's the part for every
sociopath with a mouse as
Jack Thompson calls it for everyone that buys one of these shirts game politics is going to donate all the profits to the get well
Gamers foundation just to rub it in Jack Thompson's face that gamers are always up to no good
So here's a chance to you know, get a shirt and give to charity at the same time and show yourself as a proud pixel anti
Jackie poo is so full of shit
Is that what you want on a shirt there? Yes, I want that actually, you know
I'm gonna I've actually started working on this picture. I'm gonna go ahead and tell everybody
about putting a Jack Thompson's head on a donkey and making a jackass shirt
because no actually he couldn't say it was harassment because it's legal under
parity I don't know all right let's go over now to dark Sakura dark Sakura
likes to surf the interweb and she scones it up and down day in day out and
she finds at work and she finds that one website special enough to share with you
kids in a little segment we call Dark Soccer's Website of the Week, correct?
Yes. Today's website of the week is Kingdom Hearts Ultimania, which is one of
my absolute favorite Kingdom Hearts sites for a long, long time. Not only does
this place have like stories on here, it has information about final mix, images,
artwork, videos, audio, you name it, it has lyrics, translated, they have it in the kanji,
romaji, english, everything. It's really, really just an excellent site. You can get
there by going to www.kh2.co.uk. Very, very good site. Excellent forums, it's just really
top notch as far as, it's the place to go for Kingdom Hearts information.
So all those fanboys and fangirls that somebody labeled it earlier?
Place for them to convene.
Go convene!
Talk about cosplay.
Go play!
Dream worlds they want to see in a future Kingdom Hearts?
All that good stuff.
It's really, it even has, the gallery has so much in it, you can just sit there and
look at the fan art forever.
They don't have Slash do they?
Because that stuff is scary.
The Kingdom Hearts Slash.
I usually try not to look at it.
I didn't play the first game, but I read a lot of Slash thanks to my friend.
I've seen some very interesting yaoi doujinshi posted a while back, very interesting stuff.
It was very disturbing because they're children, and I was like, why am I looking at this?
You know what was better about the Slash than the first game?
Had a better camera.
Oh, that was a Kingdom Hearts joke, I get it.
Yeah, it was.
Loki speaking of trashy things
Are kids able to still pick them up those trashy trashy games the evil games that Jack Thompson says we play well the Federal Trade Commission
released some results with
Of their actual there in nationwide undercover
sting operation guests of
electronic and video game stores. They were basically checking to see if people are still
selling these games to minors. And well, actually they found that it's been a decrease.
According to the survey here, 42% of the secret shoppers, children between the ages of 13 and 16,
who attempted to buy an M-rated video game without a parent, were able to make a purchase.
However, it says in 2003, the percentage was 69%, so it's actually gone down quite a bit.
And it says now there's more stricter sales of M-rated games and only about 35% of Secret
Shoppers were able to purchase them now, so I don't know.
I bet you, you know, 35 is still kind of a high number for this stuff, you know?
I just feel like we're still going to not hear the end of this.
There's no actual laws in place for this in
most states. There's no real laws for this so
I mean it's just a recommendation. And it's all company enforced so
thirty-five percent is down that's actually pretty awesome that a company
can enforce their
their will upon their employees to make sure they check
for ID and stuff like that.
Well, one thing you wonít be needing your ID to buy anytime soon might be a UMD movie
because the rumor is these things are on their way out the door.
Rumor is that Hollywood studios and Wal-Mart are looking to drop the format that they may
not be carrying this much longer.
This is very interesting.
Paramount had a quote here, ìReleasing UMD format movies is the exception rather than
the rule.î Universal Studios, one executive over there, was quoted saying, ìI donít
Sales are near zilch. It's another Sony bomb ooh
Burn
Has anybody actually tried to watch a UMD movie cuz it's I did on the plane
I did on a plane too. I did too
I tried to watch spider-man 2 because it came with my system, and it was not fun to watch
I watched Hellboy. I saw I saw Tron. Yeah. It was fine Tron looked pretty hot
They have nice, those PSPs have nice screens. The problem is those movies are
twenty-something dollars, in some cases more expensive than what they are on DVD
and I can't play those on my DVD player. And you don't get the bonus features for the most part.
That's right, that's the problem. So the format, it was a good idea at first, I
think, but I think the problem is there's no, if there were players that supported
UMD, hell, even if they would announce that the PlayStation 3 would support the UMDs,
which, what, you just pointed, what, Loki?
Actually, there, I thought that was one of the things they're going to announce at E3,
is that there will be some sort of way to play UMD movies on TVs.
Well, it's maybe too late.
I think it's stupid.
I mean, okay, good, you can play a UMD movie on TV, okay, why do I have to buy a UMD movie
over a DVD then?
That's right.
There is no reason.
So goodbye UMDs, we hardly knew ya.
And that makes me sad and a little bit angry at times.
So I think it's time we get a little bit angsty here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Dark Sakura, do you agree?
On occasion.
My F.U. of the week would have to go toward Mt. Mike's Pizza.
It was very nice of my boss to buy our team pizza and she was very thoughtful to get vegetarian
pizza. Except that I reacted to this vegetarian pizza the way that I react to meat. My stomach
hurt like I had been doing a bajillion crunches. And yet I felt very full. I felt this way
until yesterday morning. So a big F.U. goes to notlikespizza for trying to play for me.
Loki! My F.U. goes to Best Buy and the stupid person that they have working in their camera
department in their site store guy wasn't needed asking questions I was
buying a video camera yesterday and I asked them okay what's the difference
between this camera and this other camera that was newer okay well that
didn't tell me anything you dumbass I could tell that by looking at it so
completely useless however I did find a camera after having to drive a half an
hour to the Elk Grove store so that sucked that stupid drivers my f-u goes
to male PMS because I think I've had that all weekend. I know you can't tell during
the show because I'm my peppy self, but I've had male PMS. It sucks. Not that I'm not having
woman issues, but you know that whole study that shows that men get that chemical imbalance
that makes them all moody too once every so often? I think I have that this weekend, so
Be careful around me, I'm in my brain, in my head, yes.
The area bet- nevermind, I'm not gonna go there.
The other area's just fine.
It's my brain.
As many people throw their iPods out the car window in horror at that thought, uh, eh,
they won't be missed.
I mean, shut up.
Miklataav, do you have an F.U. of the week you'd like to go?
Yeah, of course.
like Loki, my F.U. goes to the best buy, Citrus Heights, for treating me like a
criminal, for wanting to take back my 360 today because I had issues with it. And
when we were walking my new one over to the counter so they could kind of fake
bring me up to swap it out, the guy from media was like, there's another person
taking back their 360? Do they not know how to work it or something? I wanted to
punch him. And preemptive F.U. to Microsoft because I have a feeling this
one will be broken too. Then I'm going to give an F.U. to the Best
Buy at Citrus Heights too for giving me PMS. Somehow. I walk too close to a television
or something and suddenly bam. And I say F.U. to my jeans for my chromosome
patterns for giving me PMS. On the fact that I'm female.
I thought you meant like the jeans you're wearing.
No, the jeans that I'm wearing are actually quite comfortable.
They do not deserve an F.U. DJ Pooeater is so a winner in the chatroom.
He says, I get PMS every month. He's a man, he's a mini. I get PMS every month. It's the
It's a day after my wife's PMS.
That's a joke.
Get it?
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
I laughed.
Wouldn't it be the same day because she's bugging him?
No, but like he's so exhausted after helping her.
Ohhh.
Forget it.
Forget it.
Men have no idea what PMS is like.
I don't know.
You have no way of knowing what PMS is like.
I don't know.
The day that you grow a uterus and it decides to...
With the exception of the, you know, the birds and bees part that you learned about in fourth
grade and the biological element of it all, I don't know.
Some days I get pretty grumpy and irritable.
Okay, I do know that...
Ask my loved ones.
And I crave junk food too.
I go through the whole motions.
It's short of the physical aspect of...
PMS.
That.
Anyway, sorry.
Loki, please bring this back to games.
Okay.
Well, there's actually been a recall on the Pelican Power Brick battery charger.
It's basically this giant brick that you attach to your PSP that gives it more battery life.
Unfortunately, there's a little problem with it being that, well, it overheats and it's actually caused fire damage.
damage.
According to the website...
Who would have thought that something called the power brick might be dangerous?
According to the website, powerbrickrecall.net, there has actually been 143 reports of the
recalled battery charger overheating, including one report of fire damage.
No injuries have been reported.
Also that, you know, so basically what you need to do, and they give you some information
of hotlines to call, you need to send it back, um, I don't know, there's better batteries
out there to be honest, so, I don't know, anyways, yeah, so don't buy these battery
accessories, you know, for your PSP, because to be honest, it lasts long enough as it is.
Alright, so I was checking out GameTap this week and I noticed that they added a lot of
new features to GameTap because, well, I'd heard on the internet these rumors that they
were going to be adding new things, so I decided to check it out over at GameTap and it's kind
of neat because now they have all these video on demand things and do you remember when
we were interviewing that guy from GameTap here on the show a few weeks ago?
Yeah.
He kind of hinted at some of this, I think, because we asked him about if GameTap was
going to be like a television network and I think he had these bigger and better ideas
you're kind of seeing this stuff in motion now is that you can get the
videos on demand yet the music video on demand and some of their shows which
might I say are actually better than a lot of the shows I've seen on g4 in the
past you know six months you mean Star Trek and bonds I know like think no
things actually relating to games and presented by people that seem to actually
enjoy games it's something unreal there so um game tap by the way is also added
I guess neo geo stuff now because I checked out baseball stars and then they
They also have Darkstalkers, so that means Capcom's on their way in too.
And I heard some rumor they're doing a big Street Fighter thing, so I just thought I'd
drop that out there.
But what's interesting, oh, they also lowered their price.
GameTap's now only, I think, $9.95 a month.
And I hate to sound like a marketing thing, because really, you know, GameTap has its
issues.
They still need multiplayer.
That would really help them sell their things.
But I do think it's a really just neat concept idea, and I hope it's successful.
But a lot of people are saying it's doom and gloom, because, oh, price cut means they've
got to move things.
and not necessarily it could be just an incentive to get more people on you know
maybe $15 is a little too high people might go for 10 we'll see all right
Loki one game you can play on game tap is Tomb Raider but the old ones but
there's a new one coming right yeah well Tomb Raider legend right now is coming
out on PlayStation 2 Xbox Xbox 360 and PSP in May now the only thing it isn't
isn't coming out on is, you know, the Nintendo systems. No GameCube, no Nintendo DS. However,
it's possibly coming out later this year for them. And apparently, once again from IGN,
they have talked to Eidos and apparently Bill Gardner, the Eidos North America CEO and President,
the IDOS North America CEO and President
basically said Laura likes Reggie, you know
referring to Reggie over at
the Nintendo of America and basically
you know they're talking about it being
released later on possibly I don't know probably the end of the summer would be my guess
now the only thing though this was announced kind of around April Fools
so we don't know. Personally, I don't think it's gonna, because the GameCube is not really
a big system right now as far as releases go. There's like maybe two a month, and the
DS, well, you know, it's pretty good, but I don't see you being able to port this very
well over the DS, so I'm gonna call bullshit on this story to be honest. I don't think
it's coming out on the GameCube or any Nintendo system any time soon. Oh, that's my thought.
We'll see.
That's the problem with April Fool's Day, you don't know what to believe, but the Game
Cube, maybe the fact that a lot of people still own one and there isn't a lot of games
coming out for it is an incentive to put this game out on Game Cube, I don't know.
I think it'd be a waste of money.
Alright, well of course we all know one of the incentives to getting a revolution is
going to be the backwards compatibility with not only Nintendo products, but Sega and Turbo
Graphics as well, and we think we might know some of the games coming, possibly?
Well there was a wish list that was posted.
Game Daily had an article up where they put up a wish list of games.
And these were some of the ones that made the list, which are actually all games that
I own except for one, which is the last one on the list.
But the big thing about this is that there are some really good games listed on here.
Now it was posted on April 1st, so I am a little bit leery, but I'll go ahead and read
it off.
Gates of Thunder, Lords of Thunder, Blazing Lasers, Neutopia, Neutopia 2,
Ys I and II, Ys III, Wanderers from Ys, Devil's Crush, Alien Crush,
Keith Courage and the Alpha Zones, Why? Dear God, Why? Ninja Spirit,
Keith Courage was not that great, Bonk's Adventure, Bonk's Revenge, Dracula X,
Rondo of Blood, ah, sexy game, Splatterhouse, and Air Zonk, which of those
those are the ones I do not own as Arizona.
All right.
Okay, so what we have to do now to follow that up
is we have to make a wish list of our own.
And you know there's only one way we can do that, right?
Right, now are we going to be including
the games that were already on this list
if we'd really like to see them?
I think so because those are,
I mean, those are all the really good turbo graphics ones.
I think we need to let those on the list.
Because I have one I want to use.
So anyway, the way we do it around here,
if you've never heard it before,
the way we make lists is through a little segment
We call...
Listless!
Cue the game show music, because that's what it's like, one big game show.
Here's how Listless works, those of you folks listening live right now on orangelaunchdata.com
Sunday night, you have the chance to interact with this segment, you're going to help us
build the definitive list, tonight's topic.
Games we most want to see from Sega and NEC on the Nintendo revolution, besides Sonic,
because we all know Sonic would happen.
That's a given.
We got to think outside the box so games we most want to see on the revolution besides
Sonic from Sega and NEC.
So the way it works you guys, we're going to go around and give our top 3, myself, Loki
Dark Soccer and our guest Miklotov, we'll give our top 3.
Then the fun part comes, we take one off of the list, each of us, and then you guys, the
chat room, get the final say, you get two votes, a number 1 and a number 2 in what you
think should be on the wish list.
And maybe we'll send this wish list to Nintendo and Sega and NEC somehow.
We'll look in our little black book and see if we have some addresses we can send this
to.
Alright!
So, here we go.
Who wants to start us off tonight?
Dark Soccer, you want to start us off?
Sure.
Alright, what is your number 3 pick for Sega or any C game you most want?
I am making a disclaimer.
Okay.
Two of the games I would really like to see on there I'm not going to list because nobody's
heard of them.
Like Emerald Dragon and Sapphire.
Gotcha.
But I suggest people give them a try if they can.
Okay.
So my number 3 is Star Parodia, which also probably only a handful of people have heard
of.
It's a shooting game featuring a flying Bomberman, a flying PC Engine, and a Super Deformed Viper.
So it was this cute little game, like if you play as the PC Engine, which I always did,
you could shoot out CDs and cue cards as your firepower. It was really cute.
Alright, very cool.
Loki, what's your number 3?
My number 3...
I would have to say...
Splatterhouse.
That game's fun.
You gotta love a game that kind of mocks Friday the 13th
and has a guy that's main weapon is a 2x4.
Mikletov, your number 3 pick.
Um, I have a disclaimer too.
All my games are really random.
Okay.
So my number 3 would be Panic,
because that game was awesome and very scary when I was little.
on the Sega CD oh my god I first thought I'd never heard of this game and oh my
god I have heard of panic that little kid and push buttons and things and you
go to another room taking places and it's scary but I loved it okay sounds
good my number three pick would have been a splatter house was actually my
number three so I'm gonna have to choose something else I would say devil's crush
I think it's gonna be a number my number three pick because it was a badass
pinball game so I'm gonna go with the devil's crush for sure
Alright, DarkSakura, what's your number two pick?
My number two pick was a game that was on Sega CD as well, Popful Mail.
Actually, Working Designs brought it out in the US.
Really fun, cute little translation. Very, very hard to get your hands on a copy of
this now.
But it's a little side-scrolling adventure RPG.
Now I've never heard of this game, I have to admit. Did I spell it right there?
Popful? P-O-P-F-U-L and then mail as in
It was such a cute little game. I'll bring over my Sega CD one day so you can see this game.
It was one of the Working Designs projects back in the day.
You know the types of games that Working Designs brought us.
Loki, you're number two.
Um, my number two.
No, it was kind of a fun game.
Oh, Shadow Dancer.
Mm.
One of the best Shinobi games.
Shadow Dancer was excellent.
Oh, okay. All right.
Miklotov, your number two pick.
Moonwalker.
Moonwalker! I knew somebody had to say that.
Um, because that game was super cool.
Smooth criminal.
your hat. Uh, my number two would be one of the greatest and most overlooked Sega CD games
of all time. And remember that this is, you know, and we don't even know if Sega CD games
are gonna end up on Nintendo Revolution, but just the whole idea of seeing this on the
revolution would make me giggle in places I didn't even know I had. Night Trap is my
number two pick. I had What's Her Face in it. With Dana Plato. Yeah. Who? She's dead
Can you just imagine Nitra on a different strokes on the on the Nintendo revolution come on?
How ironic would that be all right number one picks guys Dark Sakura start us off
What is your number one pick for Sega or NEC game you want the Dracula X Rondo of blood?
most sexy Castlevania game in existence
All right, I'm so glad that my friend owed me money
Is that how you got it? Yeah, one of my friends who's done some translation work for us. She was in our room at AX a few years ago. She owed us $100. She came back from Japan with Dracula X.
Nice exchange. I say so.
Loki, your number one pick. You know what I really don't know why they haven't done a next gen version of this yet? Road Rash.
They did do a Road Rash. Yeah, but not next-gen.
There hasn't been anything since, like, uh... There was one on PlayStation.
Yeah, the original PlayStation, maybe... There was one on the 3DO.
I remember the 3DO one. Alright, what was Road Rash all about? I remember the name, but I remember the game.
Road Rash is basically motorcycle racing and combat. So you're, you know, riding
motorcycles and hitting people with chains and baseball bats and stuff.
Oh! I've seen the Final Fantasy VII. Okay, I have played that game before.
Alright, sounds good. Let's see, our chat room says
GK128 says Road Rash was E3, but there was one on PS2 that was canned.
So I guess they started to do one and didn't.
Miklotov, your number one pick. This is a game nobody will know,
so it should get kicked off right away. It's called Zoom.
It's on the Genesis, you know that? I know Zoom. That game is so awesome. Isn't that a puzzle game?
Yes! That game sucked! No, that game was sweet! That game was awful! It was an MTV game, wasn't it?
What? Yes, I think it was. No, you're thinking zoop. Oh, I am thinking of zoop. Okay. This is also a puzzle game
Okay, you're like this pig head thing with legs and you drew squares and you had to watch out for the scrubbing bubbles things
Okay, that's kind of cool. You're out
You're thinking that game was awful. No, this is like, okay, really old first generation Genesis game
All right, so I get I get the last say
Number one pick. I was really tempted to do toe jam and Earl
I'm sorry Chad because I like chat room is yelling out to a general but I have to do this for the simple irony if
You were a kid when this whole
Thing went down you would know why I have to say
Mortal Kombat the Genesis version has to be on the Nintendo revolution
So Nintendo finally gets some Mortal Kombat with blood in it and not sweat and really small characters. Yes
there actually was a blood kid for this SNES one that changed the
You had to have the game genie, right? So it was basically a hex crack thing.
No, it's not the same. So I want to see Mortal Kombat in full blood glory
on the revolution. I do have to say that DJ Pooh Eater labeled a game that I'd have to
make a
a modification to. This would be like my number five, I think. Alice Kidd in Shinobi World
from the Master System. Oh, that's a good one.
Or Wonder Boy in Monsterland. Alright,
Here's the list as it stands right now.
Star Parodia, Splatterhouse, Panic, Devil's Crush,
Popful Mail, Shadow Dancer, Moonwalker, Night Trap,
Dracula X, Rondo of Blood, Road Rash,
Zoom, and Mortal Kombat.
Boy, this was way more random than I thought it would be.
We're weird.
All right, but here it is.
Here's the part to get rid of the most weird stuff.
We eliminate one pick before we let the chat room vote.
So Dark Sakura, what's coming off the list?
Um, Night Trap.
Aww, you're no fun.
Cuz, Dan and I tried to play through that game, and it was so stupid.
But it's Slumber Parties, and Dana Plato, and Zombies!
You know, if I wanted to watch Stupid, I could watch, like, the Toxic Avenger movies.
Loki, what's coming off this list?
You know, I should've put Zombies Ate My Neighbors.
Zombies Ate My Neighbors was cool.
But that was on Super Nintendo too, wasn't it?
Yeah, so that's why we can't.
There's a chance.
There's a chance.
Um, Zoom, I've never heard of that game.
Aww, such a great game.
Alright, Miek Latov, what's coming off the list?
Um, just because I think my company likes to be evil,
Dracula X is gone.
Oh!
I don't think Konami would let that happen,
because we're jerks.
Alright, wow.
That's, I think that would have won.
That would have won, too.
I can't believe I didn't say Bomberman, either.
No, yeah, nobody said Bomberman
Stupids he's had Bomberman on Super Nintendo. Oh, that's true. But it was completely different on Genesis though. That's true. All right
64 is pretty fun. See you see Jamie. I won't take it off. I want to okay. Matt didn't have one taken off
So I'm gonna be fair. I'm gonna take off
Mmm, I don't know
I'm gonna take I
Actually kind of like his picks. Well, I'm gonna take off road rash because it's too much of a gray area
Because like, you know, they're kind of was an x-gen one. So but not really so and plus I didn't really
That's the same thing that Final Fantasy says it's a kitchen
All right, here it is you guys can vote for your favorites in chat room right now star Parodia
Splatterhouse panic devil's crush
Potful Mail, Shadow Dancer, Moonwalker, and Mortal Kombat. So send a private
message to Sky in the chat room with your number one and your number two picks
and we'll let you know at the end of the show who the winners are. And boy did
we end up weird. That was a really weird list. I sort of wish that now that I put Emerald
Dragon on there because Emerald Dragon was such a good game. I wish that they
would say let's bring Saturn games on because then I could say you know
freaking black matrix cuz that game would never that game will never come
out over here I think though even though our list is really random I think that's
a good thing because we're thinking of titles that a lot of people sometimes
don't think of right away when they think of Sega Genesis me everybody
thinks of Sonic but you know I think this is good but there's there's also
those some pretty you know they were pretty mainstream games on there cuz
devil's crush and shadow dancer those were really popular I remember just
sitting in the same room watching Dan play through Shadow Dancer and I was
like yeah this game is awesome because you have a dog yeah that's why I
couldn't take it off the list it's too good all right Dark Sakura is the
administrator of our mailbag and when you guys send your emails to mailbag at
orange lounge radio.com she puts on the rubber gloves because you never know
what people send us and gets in the mailbag and pulls out some letters and
reads them for us every week sometimes my hands get some spam on them too yeah
I'd I if you if you're adding orange launch radio a spam email just frickin stop. It's annoying all right hunt you down
Yeah, we'll kill you all right greater lemon juice dark Sakura. Who's in the mail bag this week I?
Have email from
Well I guess I think this is saccharina, I think but didn't sign it about
First of all, I'll just go ahead and read the email.
First things first, I played Supernova.
It was awesome.
I really enjoyed it.
The left pad was kind of sticky, but the music was awesome.
I highly recommend Seduction Vocal Mix, but yes, it was really awesome and it looked nice.
The next one is from the other Jamie, who spells the name differently.
Remember the fun last year with the Mega Man Effect, though it only could run on a Mac?
They ported it.
Oh, the Mega Man Effect thing, I remember that.
What's that?
When you would boot up a...
Check out the MySpace, there's a clip from the show on there.
MySpace slash...
MySpace.com slash...
I don't have time for MySpace.
Too bad.
There it is, that's all I'm giving you.
Jerk.
Um, our dear friend Rob with two Bs sent us an email about Sega Sammy.
I would also like to say Rob with 2 B's has a higher gamer score than anybody on my Xbox
friends list.
Congratulations my friend.
Just to go, he actually posted a bit of an article in here about Sega debuting a new
headquarters.
Sega Amusements, the US game factory that has emerged from the merger of Japanese game
giant Sega Corp and the equally powerful Sammy Corporation have held a grand opening recently
for their new 77,000 square foot sales development and game and prize warehouse facility in the
Chicago suburb of Elk Grove Village. Special guests at the event included
Sega Sami holding CEO Hajime Satomi who engineered the merger and oversee I'm
sorry and oversees the combined companies in Japan as well as local
dignitaries such as Mayor Craig Johnson. The combination has dramatically
enhanced the company's capabilities said Satomi through an interpreter. Take a
look around at what we have to offer and then think about what Sega can do in the
future so it's more Sega what can I say hopefully we'll see you some good things
come out of them I want to see more freaking planet Harrier now we also um
got an email from someone whose gamertag is L driver but IIE awesome like kill
bill yeah love it so I'm gonna go ahead and read this email out I found out
about your site slash show about three weeks ago and I've been listening ever
since. You put out great content that's not only really funny and informative
but also socially responsible and different in relation to gaming. Not to
plug another podcast but gamertag radio is also another place I hear similar
topics. As a 20-something working professional adult gay gamer or gamer
myself I was really appreciative to the segments in your past two shows about
how not all gamers are straight nerdy teenage boys. You guys also happen to be
darkly sarcastic about almost everything like me, so I find myself laughing out loud while
listening to your show in places like my subway ride to work or at my desk.
I do have one quick question for you three, who or what do you think will steal a show
at E3?
I personally think PS3 is becoming overhyped, especially in the past few weeks and that
Microsoft and or Nintendo will use E3 to surprise everyone.
What are your thoughts?
Thanks for putting out great shows and keep up the great work.
I actually got to see the videos from the Game Developers Conference, including all
the wonderful PS3 in-game shots. Ooh, does it look nice? I think the revolution will
be awesome.
I think it's going to be information overload this year. I think E3 is going to be so monumental
in a way you've never imagined. I don't think any one person can steal the show. I think
everybody is going to be constantly one-upping each other the whole day. I think if anybody,
I think Nintendo's got the biggest secret out there, and they have, they stand to either
really... Nintendo stands to either really wow us all
or really disappoint the shit out of us all so it could go either way
for me I but I think if anybody Nintendo's got the surprise
but I'm trying not to be a Nintendo fanboy but I think they've set
themselves up to either really really please or really really disappoint
this is actually my first launch E3
I don't count last year as a launch E3 because
really it was just the oh we're doing this we're doing this
DS launch one. I still don't consider that. A launch one is when we have like the major systems
coming out not just like a handheld and Dan was telling me about when um the Xbox was launching
and when everything else is coming out and I'm just like this year is going to be so humongous
on all fronts though I really do think Nintendo is going to steal the show in the end. I think
they've got something that they're not talking about that they're just going to go boom and we're
gonna see it kind of like they did with the DS like yeah that was a fun show
that was a fun one I still have my t-shirt so do I hey with the big brick
EDS I find it very hilarious that my t-shirt fit me when I got it and now
it's pajamas all right I was able to pull up mmm that um program oh the
Mega Man thing it's it's pretty funny I mean oh yeah that's great Firefox do do
do you do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
Do do do do do do do do.
Cute.
Oh yeah.
Very cute.
Yeah you better take that off the computer before Xtravr tries to go play World of Warcraft
because he's going to go, what the fuck.
Too bad you can't do the little trick where you turn the stars into chickens.
Who remembers that?
I do, I do.
That'd be a cool hack.
All right any more email?
Yes, there is more email, so, huh.
One of our listeners, Justin, has a question for us and I'll read his letter.
I noticed that Lemmings was out for the PSP, but only in the UK.
I was wondering if the UK version will play on my US PSP, and if so, what is the best
way to import this game?
Keep up the good work on the live show.
Is PSP region free?
I don't remember.
Yeah, PSP is region free.
There you go.
Import away.
Find whatever.
Make sure you check the Better Business Bureau before picking an importer.
Trust me.
And there's not, I haven't seen a lot dealing with games from Europe.
You would have to order from Amazon or something.
I know of a place but you don't like plugging places, do you?
Why not? Go ahead. NCSX actually, uh, imported
Well, yeah. NCSX is awesome. They were getting some of the, I knew that before they were getting
the Europe only Dreamcast games, too. And they have great customer service.
Yes, they do. Never buy anything from BuyRight. Or Toys and Joys.
Actually, Toys and Joys has given me nothing but good service. Really? Jerks.
I bought my, uh, my guitar controllers for, um, guitar freaks
from them for cheaper than anywhere else had them and they had just got their
shipment in and packed it up that day we caught we did a phone order hmm I got it
within like a week I have not shopped at any of those stores I've used to place
in the past called Japan video games because I went to their actual store
once and so I've been loyal ever since now we that's where I got my drum
controller from but now we just sort of take the drive to Berlin game and go to
network isn't network closed didn't they just close recently I don't think so
Cuz we were trying to go there the other day. They are closed on a weird day. I think they're closed on Tuesday
Anyway, we gotta go. Okay. Sorry
Yeah, worldwide show guys
Actually, that was the last email. Okay. All right, then send us more email more more more
We crave it mailbag orange on twitter.com. It's where to send it. All right, we will reveal the list list winner
Listless winner very soon. However, we have a couple stories real quick for you guys. Oh, what's this next week?
we will be rolling out a contest that's right we're not gonna say anything about
it but make sure that you tell everyone to tune in next Sunday because we also
of course it's going to be repeated on our podcast but we the first details
will be on our life so we're working with somebody else to do it yes it's a
big thing all right all right uh Loki you got a story for us yes I do now
Anyways, before I was playing with all this stuff here, basically we have information
and it's not really much of a surprise because we knew this was going to happen, but they're
going to be announcing DOA Extreme Beach something 2 at E3.
Now, I'm not sure if it's going to be volleyball this time because I heard basketball is in
the room or they're going to do, but basically, yes, the jiggly game will be shown at E3.
Let's go on over to another story here I have on credit cards.
Now there's this interesting article here on makezine.com on their blog over there.
It's entitled, The Future of Credit Cards, Earning Virtual Currency for Spending in the
Real World and Other World Bridging.
I'm going to make this real quick.
I'm going to sum this up.
You know how sometimes credit cards give you rewards, such as frequent flyer miles and
things of that sort for every dollar that you spend?
Well now they're thinking of, why not give in-game currency as a reward for spending
money?
That would just screw up whatever currency, whatever economy you've got going on in that
environment.
So when you use your credit card on in-game currency, you can score more in-game currency?
Essentially.
Excellent.
So just kind of interesting there, it's a very lengthy blog, I'm not going to read all
the details there, if you want to check it out for yourself, check out from March 2006
there was a blog there, but it's just now, I mean it's an old blog, but it's just now
making the rounds on the gaming blogs, makezine.com is the name of the site there, and they go
into a lot of details there, but it's certainly an interesting idea, I mean nobody's really
thought of that before, but I don't know, most MMO hardcore players I know that might
actually sign up for something like this also hate gold sellers and gill sellers or whatever
the currency is in the game you're playing.
So I don't see this working, because I think there's a conflict of interest there, but
whatever floats your boat.
Shall we reveal the winners of tonight's list list?
Please do.
All right, here they are, the winners of tonight's list list, and then we're going to open up
the Skype line.
So those of you guys who have been waiting all night to give us a call, www.orangelandtrader.com,
click on interact with us for all the details on how you can call our show.
please please call echo one two three first to test your connection and it's
an open forum for you guys whatever you guys want to talk about previous topic
on tonight's show or something new you don't think we've hit on just yet it's
an open forum because we're getting close to the end of the show here is the
winners of tonight's list list all right top three games we want to see on the
Nintendo revolution that is not Sonic from Sega or any see from the
TurboGrafx there's a lot of ties tonight we have in third place we have a tie
there for third place star Parodia and splatter house tied for third place
good job everybody second place we have a tie shadow dancer and Mortal Kombat
tied for number two good job but the number one game they want to see
moonwalker all right good job everybody thanks for voting and we'll be sending
that list to our round file no just kidding we're gonna we'll see what we
can do about passing that along hopefully hopefully we have some insider
industry people that listen to the show you should email us we'd like to talk to
you get you on the show and interview you we want some new new faces
and things on the show we haven't had an interview in a while we've been trying
to reach out to people but everybody's like wait till e3 wait till e3 so
whatever if you don't want us to wait till e3 we'll talk to you now all right
let's go to skype line hello you are on orange lounge radio hi hi who's this
Ravens dolphin hello Ravens dolphin what's on your mind buddy uh the UMD
movies yes what about them you a fan of UMD movies not at all I'm glad they're
going away. Why? Why? Because I haven't bought one since that movie. I bought one movie on
it. What was that? Evil Dead. That was about it. Well that's a good choice. You have good
taste in movies. It's all about Bruce Campbell and his chin. I suppose if you're going to
buy one UMD you might as well buy that or Tron or Evil Bill. Labyrinth. Something cool.
Starring David Bowie and his... Why the hate for the UMDs then? Were you just not impressed
with Evil Dead?
No, I was impressed with it. It's just I'm getting all my movies off BitTorrent
and I'm just encoding it on my computer.
I guess that's the realistic world of what PSP has to deal with is that
you know the kids want to hack it
and put their own movies on there so
it's a questionable legality thing there but I guess that's what people
are doing. Well the other thing too is they're also pushing these larger memory
sticks and what the hell are you going to use them for? Obviously not pictures. You're going to be ripping
DVDs or whatever to downloading great podcasts like orange lounge radio
Okay, but still though
Every week on my PSP. All right. All right. I hear you. Have you checked out olr PSP calm?
Can I plug another podcast right another site? Oh, all right. Sure
PSP drive calm it has your webs your
I've heard of that. I've seen our listing on PSP drive calm. It's a good site. I've actually used the portal. It's a nice site
yeah they have a PSP 2.0 and I just downloaded wirelessly to the PSP yeah
they were supporting podcasts before Sony was I think I think it's a good
site so yes and I see I've seen our little teeny like reduced version of our
graphic on there for PSP so I think is really cool because somebody obviously
had to take the work to do that so I really appreciate those guys so that's
awesome yeah oh I just want to say that I have two Windows computers just like
Loki uh-huh he's a big Windows supporter and I support Windows just like he does
well it's it's good to hear from a Loki fan because sometimes we get the hate
mails from the Mac users so all right have a good one okay thanks for calling
buddy hmm thanks guy not a problem take care of course if you don't know what
we're referring to their Loki has made comments about Macintosh's and he's
really sick of hearing about it too I think I'm yeah I just really I don't
don't care that's what happens when people download a show that's weeks and
weeks old let's go over to this one hello you're on orange lounge radio hey
I'm just hello hi who's this oh oh it's Ron McCallen in right now look you can
see the video of Rama there but the problem is Rama when you run in the
video it's really hard for us to hear you but there there is a little little
Zelda hat that's that's cute Rama call back turn off the video and call oh
There it is.
It went off.
There you go.
Much better.
Much better.
What's on your mind?
Hey, I want to cover a couple of things for you guys.
Okay.
Remember when you were talking about Penn & Teller's Smoke and Mirrors?
Yes, the game that was like, yeah, it ran on, I don't know.
I'm glad you called in on this.
What's up?
It seems that when I was listening to Penn Gillette's radio, his podcast, he talked about
the game.
Really?
What did he say?
Yes.
He used, basically the play of Smoke and Mirrors was to go after Janet Reno who hated violent
video games.
That's fabulous.
That's funny. I'm posting a link in the chat room now. If you scroll down you'll
find where you can download it. It's called
Penn & Teller's Real Life Games. Alright, it's 923-free-fm.com and you can
probably navigate the site from there if you're not in chat right now.
Yeah. Alright. Okay, what else, Rama? What else is on your mind?
Alright, let's go back to Catscom for a bit. Remember the awesome
Zelda skit everybody was talking about? Yes, the one I didn't see.
I'm posting a link to it right now. Oh, you can download it. Yeah, if you could scroll that all the way down
It's called katsu
2006 dash link. Okay, and that video is on the website usagi-chan three dot-com
So check that out. All right post in our forums or something so people can find that link later
Did you guys see that Zelda fan movie? It's so amazing. I heard about it
Oh, that was awesome. It missed the cut for tonight's show, but because it's not really official but it's it's interesting
It would be interesting if they actually finish it and and and release it
But don't you think Nintendo is gonna bring down the swift hammer of justice on that matter necessarily. It's just fan stuff
It's just lunch on you need to you need to come to Fana me with us bottom a 2007
She died. We'll be here. All right, if our panels go over well
Did you tell your friends in the anime community to come to our panels? I mean
Unlike they did at Katsu khan
Look, you got screwed over. Believe you me, I'm just as pissed as you are.
I had to put a dig in there somehow. It's fine. I learned a lot. I learned a lot.
I did make sure to specify that our panel is on a Saturday.
Very cool. And I met some great people at Katsukana. That's the important thing.
So, that's the important thing.
And now there's a guy out there handing out flyers for us. It's awesome.
I love our fans. They're so great.
Rama, I gotta let you go so we can get to more of our listeners, okay?
You take care.
Have a good one, buddy.
good to hear, oop, I just cut him off sorry didn't mean to alright let's go to another call here
hello you're on Orange Launch Radio hello you are on Orange Launch Radio
no they're not, hello, hi who's this
this is Xander from China, hi Xander from China what's on your mind
isn't it kinda late over there right now
or early I don't know alright fine what's on your mind, 3 in the morning
Yeah, I've been talking about Kingdom Hearts 2 since it came out on Wednesday.
You wanna talk about what? You were dropping a little bit there. What game?
Kingdom Hearts 2.
Oh, what do you want to say about Kingdom Hearts 2?
I'm like 17 hours into it right now.
Yeah?
So, yeah, obviously I'm liking it quite a bit because otherwise I wouldn't have bothered going through all the stupid cutscenes.
Mm-hmm, but um, I think that's probably one of my biggest complaints about the game is that the cutscenes are really
They're really low quality in all honesty. Most of them are really I think the cutscenes have been great so far
Well, how far are you? I'm all I've just passed Beastcast. No, I'm in that
Well, I just got into the hundred acre wood
So I'm not super far but you know far enough to get a good taste
Especially after that prologue far enough to get a good taste of what the game's all about
So yeah
The worst one for me, though, that ruined it, was the one in Mulan, when the guys, whatever his face is, is charging down the mountain with all the Heartless.
Okay, don't ruin too much, don't ruin too much.
I played that part at E3, that was pretty awesome.
I like the Mulan world.
But no, during that cutscene, in the movie, there's this really dramatic music playing as he's running down the mountain with all his thousands of soldiers and whatnot.
Uh-huh, and then there's nothing there. There's like ten heartless chasing him and
There's no music
Are we I was so pissed off our chat rooms getting a little angsty with the spoilers thing
So we got to be careful what we say about the game, but I don't I I disagree
I thought it was but see I didn't see Mulan. So maybe that's why it's different as I didn't actually see Mulan
So I liked him on this by way
Have you gotten to the Little Mermaid level yet?
That level is cracked out.
I hate their costumes.
The part that's funny about that though is playing it in Japanese, hearing them sing
Under the Sea in Japanese is just hilarious.
I can't believe it's a music game where you press one button.
Xander, any other comments on Kingdom Hearts 2?
I've got to keep it moving because we've got a lot of people trying to call in tonight,
any other comments on Kingdom Hearts 2?
I'm really enjoying it, it's very different from the first game
so you know if you didn't like the first game you might like this one
although you wouldn't understand it if you didn't finish it. I agree but Miklotov
shaking his head no
because it still has a bad camera. It's much better, much better.
Still bad. All you do is lock on to the target and the camera follows it, it's easy.
In the first game you would lock on and the camera would still go behind
smokes and mirrors and everything and it made it a pain in the ass but this one's much
better.
I actually disagree on that really the camera is actually worse than this one. I had less problems screw you people
Okay, you know what though? I'll tell you what my favorite part so far
I know I just played this part, but that I don't want to give spoilers
But the the boss fight in Beast's castle was awesome
It was awesome. The end one. Yes, don't say much more. It was awesome. Oh, man. Yeah, that was good
All right, that's all I can say. Were you watching? Yeah, I was watching it. It was okay
I had a bad camera. All right, Xander. I gotta let you go before a shame pisses me off more. Okay?
Okay. All right. Have a good one. Bye
All right. Let's go. I'll do one more call. Hello. You're on orange launch radio
Hello, can you hear me? Yes, what's on your mind?
Um
I'm in a really hacky mood. You're in a hacky mood
Yeah, I've been hacking a lot of things recently, like physically.
Who is this, by the way?
I forgot to ask who this is.
Who is this?
Oh.
NintendoManiac64.
Hello NintendoManiac64.
Have you been hacking your Nintendo, or what have you been hacking?
No, I have a 360 controller that I use for my PC.
I modded the buttons and stuff, so I can pretty much make any button layout I want.
You know, I haven't even thought about doing that.
I read that on a forum this week, somebody just casually said putting their controller
in the PC and I thought that's a really good idea I could use that for like
Final Fantasy and stuff does that work can I just plug it in and go or do I
have to hack it? You don't have to you can download the the drivers off of
Microsoft's site and I was asking the caller no that's fine that's fine but
those drivers suck I don't know they worked fine for me what did you what did you find drivers out
there you can get them off redcloud.com I'll post the link all right yeah post
the link I'll check that out because I want to use it for Final Fantasy 11 on the
Which is ironic because I want to get Final Fantasy XI on 360. I'm so sad.
Yes, we are sad. Yeah, you're doing it too.
What do you find that you're using the Xbox 360 controller for on the PC?
Are you emulating games, or what are you doing with it?
I do some of that, but not much because my computers are so much crap that I can't do much of that.
Like, pretty much the main thing I do is I play F-Zero Climax.
that's cool very cool yeah all right I did some other hacking
okay what else let's see um oh yeah I got a my standard headset mic that I'm
using right now to work with my DS oh is that why you were saying in chat earlier
in the show that you really wanted to play Metroid with somebody for voice
chat yeah I wanted to test it out gotcha you know I played my first multiplayer
Metroid last night finally I owned at it I just like to say yeah it was when you
were sleeping it was fun good you were sleeping because you had to go to best
by at 3 a.m. because you were afraid there was gonna be a huge line yeah I'm
stupid all right there's no maniac 64 I gotta let you go because we're running
really long here but have a good one okay okay all right bye-bye
all right thanks to our callers tonight for calling in and all the calls went
pretty well tonight I must say it was very good I'm sorry to those calls we
didn't get to another time perhaps we'll see all right for now though we're going
to get into the last few segments here in the show and we started off with any
last-minute stories does anybody have any last-minute stories I want to share
Dark Sakura yes remakes remakes are good things especially when it has to do with
sometimes yeah well Panzer Dragoon and Die Hard okay I've got my attention okay
um apparently there's going to be um well actually there's a little bit of talk about
them wanting to do a panzer dragoon orta remake which for anyone who knows about this in japan
it was a panzer dragoon rpg um but it's really hard to get your hands on however though for the
sega ages collection there is a panzer dragoon collection and uh die hard which was a dynamite
deka in japan um but however keep in mind these are sega ages these are meant to be
cheap the Sega Aegis 2900 is named 2900 for 2900 yen as in really cheap I'm
sorry 2500 my apologies so um don't expect them to be you know made uber
pretty all gorgeous everything but they are supposed to be retouched looking
better and so what should be a good thing because I really liked the dynamite
Deca series and Panzer Dragon was really neat so should be fun all right I
actually did find them up for a pre-order on a couple sites I like those
Sega Ages games unlike some people so well Fantasy Star 2 was just released on
the Sega Ages but we haven't seen the trend you know any translations for
these come out yet we've been basically playing them when our we have a friend
But the remakes are really nice, and of course I have the Fantasy Zone and Space Harrier remakes, which are really, really nice.
So, I can vouch for these SEGA Ages collections. Quite a bit of these have been re-released.
I also like that SEGA and Ages are, you know...
not acronyms, but when you shuffle the words, the letters around.
Anagrams?
Anagrams.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh, you're so smart.
I am.
Is that how you get jobs with video game companies?
Yes.
You're a smart feller.
All right.
Loki, anything for us last minute wise?
Yeah, the first thing I was going to mention is that the cheat device for Grand Theft Auto
Liberty City Stories is finally 1.0 now, and they added a few things.
Hover Cars, which is pretty cool, Gather Spell, which causes the objects on the screen to basically hover around some fixed gravity point or something like that and you can throw them at stuff.
They have a full-size video recorder now, and also drivable RC toys, which is pretty neat, and the gangs no longer attack you.
So, if you're interested in that, you can actually find that at maxbot.com slash GTA.
And the other thing that I saw was Earthworm Jims coming to next-gen stuff, next-gen consoles, so that's kind of cool.
And, well, that's pretty much it, lots of Oblivion sheets.
So.
Alright. Any other last minute stories? Anyone? Anyone? Anyone?
Alright, Beeler?
I don't have any really good fuzzy uh... last news story of the night so sorry to
say so that brings us to the end of the show
April Fool's Day kind of screwed everything up this week news wise so
what can you do
uh... anyway
it's the end of the show and that's no joke
let's go around and get everybody's final thought
Mikol Tov thanks for joining us even if it was for only half the show
you're welcome. I hope you have fun with your Xbox 360. I'll try. May you go through the same
hell I went through with the break breaking? I can only hope
add me to your friends list, OMG. I already did. I know you did, I'm just being stupid.
May all your camera angles be nice and joyous. Yes, may all your camera angles
not be like Kingdom Hearts, okay? Hooray. Alright. Uh, Loki, your final thought?
Um... Oh, did I let you have a final thought? I'm sorry. No. What is your
final thought? Yes. Alright, Loki, what's your final thought? My final
thought is, I may be buying a laptop this week.
My final thought is, buy an iBook, you know you
want one no I don't dark soccer your final thought I'm going to have my iMac
very soon it's two against one Loki I'm keeping my nice PC laptop yeah I like I
said on a previous episode I'm by when it comes to computers I use both and
then the next one will be my Linux box alright okay thank you guys so much for
tuning into and listening to orange lounge radio and supporting independent
radio we really appreciate it we love getting emails we love our chat room you
guys in chat room are so awesome I wish I could just reach out and give you all
a big hug or a handshake whatever whatever email we love email yes we do
we do what the mailbag so dark soccer has work to do this week I actually do
work at my job now. Alright so that's that's it we're we're done with the show
so until next week this is Sky for my co-hosts DarkSakura, Loki, special guest
Mikal Tov saying have a good week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
