Today, April 2nd, 2006. April Fools hits the web, but is Final Fantasy 13 a joke? Is the
Xbox 360 drought finally over? And are UMD movies about to meet an untimely fate?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are here gathered together to talk about video games, our favorites and sometimes our
least favorites.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the lovely co-host, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers, and also
Also in corner number two, say hello to the not-so-lovely Loki.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
Alright.
Dark Sakura.
What?
I see you eating food here.
Did you bring enough to share?
No.
What's this you're munching on?
I'm responsible for my own dinner.
Alright, what's this you're munching on?
I'm eating an organic unbleached flour mushroom leek strudel with black sesame seeds on it.
I'm not sure what to think of that.
That sounds a little...
Ew.
It's delicious!
I don't know if it's ew, but it just it sounds very intimidating
It's like it's like, you know
Those people that get married and have hyphenated last names and then their kids get married and all have like the hyphenated last names
That's what it sounds like. You just ate
Like eight of those names. It's it's very delicious
I I do a lot of my shopping now at Whole Foods markets, which is all organic food. It's expensive. It is expensive
Oh my god
but I have felt so healthy the last two months since I've started eating all organic and vegetarian and
and cut out red meat and I don't drink soda anymore.
I had a soda yesterday.
I had a diet vanilla Pepsi and it made my stomach hurt.
I still drink diet but I try very hard
not to drink regular soda.
I make my own soda now.
I buy club soda and Torani, the flavored syrup.
Oh, so kind of like Italian soda.
Yeah, I do Italian sodas.
Okay, oh, because you can get the sugar-free ones.
Those aren't so bad.
And I also make carbonated lemonade.
using club soda and lemon juice
and lime juice and Splenda. Not for me. I like ice cream tea.
That's my drink of choice. Anyway, we're starting to sound like Food Network over here. Sorry guys.
I have been all about the cooking though. I've really been...
I need Iron Chef the game. What would you recommend? Make this gaming related
somewhat. What would you recommend gamers who are typically
sitting there with a bag of Doritos playing, you know, EverQuest all night
long?
What's a good recommendation for them to like break that habit? What's something
else they could do to feed their snack addiction or what have you?
Carrots. Sliced apples.
Popcorn. You know, like some plain popcorn.
Soy nuts. They're good. Cashews.
Cashews are very good for you. They have good oils. And brown rice.
And super bacon. No super bacon.
That's bad for you. That's like a heart attack recipe right there.
Alright, let's get away from the Food Network and do a little bit of how was your gaming
week?
The part of the show where we talk about what we've been playing this week and what we've
been up to.
And I know I've got a lot, I don't know about the others, but DarkSakura, you always start
us off.
What have you been playing this week?
Well, we've had quite a bit of new gaming coming in the house.
I've actually got BeatMania, been playing the crap out of it.
I have Kingdom Hearts 2, but since I was already playing it in Japanese I've been sort of not
so much about that.
I'm going to start over on that probably within the week after I get my stupid flash
homework done.
Um, and I'm also, we, uh, Fries, of all places, is carrying import, um, PSP games.
I noticed that last time I went to Fries, for those, because we're nationwide, Fries
is a big electronics chain on the west coast, and they've started to carry limited import
games.
We bought Initial D!
Oh wow!
That's cool.
The, the new Initial D game is really, really cool, it's based off of, I think, the version
three that's out in the arcade and it's really pretty it's eurobeat fantastic
lots and lots of eurobeat but it's it's initial d I guess not much else I can
say about that they're also had out the title collection that we're sort of
considering except that it's coming out in the u.s. sort of like a no point to
that and we almost picked up a guilty gear but that's also coming out in the
u.s. so we were sort of not so much on that too but and Dan and his friend have
been playing a whole lot of burnout oh my god I'm so tired of that game
well why am I so tired of the burnout just anything over and over I'm in my
okay my computer room is on the other side of where our big TV is so I'm in
the middle of working on like my my flash homework right now is to do this
big photo slideshow so I've been trying to get my photos all together and I'm
just about to do my last little touch great and then we've also had a MAME
action going on because one of Dan's co-workers and a friend of mine George
neko boy right he and our friend Tim who is actually for anyone who's in cosplay
circles he is very well known because he does the fabulous Rick Hunter Macross
outfit. He did Ava One at Anime Expo. He's been in Japanese cosplay photos. He also
has been helping build main cabinets in my garage.
So you have more than one now? We're building George.
We haven't talked about this on the show in a while, but both Dark
Sakura and Loki have main cabinets in their house. Now Dark Sakura, you guys
took a pole position? We took a stand-up pole position. They're building this
one out of some other generic one, but it has this fabulous 1982
aren't on it and so it's it's like really super cool but they were they
were working on this all day while me and the fabulous miss Tia were running
around where where did they get the specs on how to do this like are they
doing it off a website off of just crash and burn there is a website and if you
give me just a second I can get it because um it's the one that my husband
goes to which happens to be on my favorites bar called it's a arcade
controls comm slash arcade dot HTM is basically build your own arcade
controls FAQ this is how to build your it goes a lot into the cabinets it goes
into how to build the controllers what you need for it it's really really neat
um and actually I'll talk to Dan about getting the specs on his cabinet so if
anybody else is interested all right sounds cool yeah all right Loki how was
your gaming week play any of your main cabinet now you actually built your
cabinet you didn't convert a machine you built a brand new yes and it shows we
You were roommates back when you were building that, and I just remember that was a project.
Yeah, to say the least.
Most of the project is being stored at my parents' house over in their garage because
the, like what, six other control panels that go with it, I don't have any room to store
them if I were to even build them.
But soon, as soon as we get a house, that sucker's getting built.
Someday.
Alright, how was your gaming week?
Okay, I played a lot of 360 stuff again, I think I played a little bit of Oblivion, I
played more Outfit, and I realized that game really sucks.
Really?
What?
Now this isn't really my kind of game, so I haven't really been playing a lot of it,
but I've listened to other shows that seem to really like this game, so what's your issue
with it?
It's, well my issue with it, I try to play multiplayer, and again, we're just with two
2 player split screen, which is fine. For one, the controls really suck in it. Like,
I kept calling in the destruction on demand, the big feature where you get stuff to fall
from the sky, and the stuff falling from the sky kept crushing my characters. I would aim
it further away from me, and the stupid piece of crap jeep or whatever I was calling into
battle would get caught in the wind and crush. There goes half my team. So that's actually
you can use that I guess to your advantage if you know you have stupid AI that you're
fighting against you can just call in some destruction on demand and they would drop
a jeep on the other team or something. I don't know but I didn't find it very fun at all.
I did however pick up Far Cry Instincts Predator which I've never played the original Far
Cry Instincts but from what I hear it's not very different as far as graphics and stuff.
a little bit of graphic upgrades and stuff but um...
it is pretty fun. It is kind of...
actually it's very hard
um... very frustrating
so I started to cheat
and now it's fun
I love how they put the cheats in there because cheats make it fun. It's still really
challenging but it kind of
lightens it up a little bit
so I'm kind of looking forward to that and then
played more Burnout, more
Ghost Recon
And uh, here are the cheats working that too. And what else? Me, Mike Katamari, Grand Theft Auto, Liberty City, Stories. All that fun stuff.
I played a little bit of Beatmania. Didn't like it.
Oh, why not?
The interface is too colorful and to be honest I didn't think the new controllers were that great.
And I don't know why. I mean before they seemed to be pretty good but that turntable doesn't seem- it seems to be sticky, the turntable.
and it loosens up after you play with it a bit
and I don't know it's just even new songs were kinda okay but
I just wasn't very impressed by it. It was just kinda
yay cool Beatmania anything
you know to go I'm not gonna go rush out they'll go buy it though
so. Alright. My gaming week also consisted of Beatmania
which I picked up earlier in the week so kinda funny there we've all played that
But, of course, that's not a surprise when you consider that we started as a music gaming station.
Obviously, we owe a lot to Beatmania.
I think it's very interesting, Beatmania, because when you consider it,
Beatmania is about, what, eight years old?
And this is really the first time that it's coming out in the U.S. for console.
I mean, of course, we had the hip-hop mania in the arcades a couple years ago,
but nobody really remembers that.
So, this is really the first time we've had Beatmania or 2DX on a console here.
So it's really BeatMania's first release.
It's really interesting how they've kind of thrown it all together like this blender together
of stuff from the five key world and the seven key world.
As expected, this version is much more accessible to beginners in the fact that there is no
separate mode for beginner mode, but they fuse the beginning level songs into the normal
game, which I think is good because I think you don't want to scare people off because
even though Beatmania is selling itself as bringing the arcade experience home, which
kind of is a little weird to me because there's really nothing but import machines for Beatmania.
It was kind of weird there. I think it's a good first exposure for people. I find it
...
There was a lot of the old Five Key music in there, did you notice?
Oh yeah, I noticed a lot of really old, like Hunting For You and Metal Gear. This is really,
really old songs, but I think that's cool because they picked some good stuff. They
They have a very interesting song list, I think the five key song list is actually pretty
solid.
I think they got a good mix of stuff.
Seven key, for me, could use some more recent stuff, but I think I understand why they're
doing what they're doing, because if there is to be a second mix, then they can start
dipping into the later stuff and things, you know.
Yeah.
Did you like the Moby song?
I did like the Moby song, I like the video.
I think the Timo Ma song's the best, though.
Dan and I sat there with the Moby song going, what is this?
I liked it, I think it's good. Dan and I are both like Moby, but we just didn't like that one.
Here's the interesting thing is that I notice this in a lot of reviews. BeatMania has
been getting a lot of negative reviews out there on the circuit right now
and a lot of people can't seem to
not want to compare this to Guitar Hero. Everybody's comparing this game to Guitar
Hero, which
I think is kind of funny because this game existed long before Guitar Hero
in the world scope of things but in the US scope of things since its first time
it's getting a release here
you know it's it's inevitable people are gonna compare to Guitar Hero.
It's not like actual reviewers do any research on anything.
Anyway doesn't matter so I think though there is an inevitable comparison to be
made to Guitar Hero though because what Guitar Hero did successfully
and the reason why everybody loves Guitar Hero is the song list
and yes even though they have a bunch of cover songs
They're done. Well, the cover songs are done. Well, they're pretty faithful to the originals and it really ups that fun factor
the problem with beat mania and why I don't think beat mania is gonna have that same buzz as guitar hero is now set the
Bars that a lot of these songs are not recognizable to most people
They tried a little bit with the song list that you know, you got toxic and funky town
Okay, people know those songs, but there's a lot of songs in there. They're not so recognizable. Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
That thing, I don't know, I'm spoiled by years of Japanese releases, so I do recognize all
the songs that are in there.
It's hard for me to look at this game impartially when I've been raised on the Japanese series
for years and years.
It's just weird.
I don't really know.
I think it's going to be interesting to see how the general public reacts to this.
Are they going to pick up on this game even though there aren't a lot of recognizable
songs?
I don't know.
last night including some people who don't play games a whole lot and I know
a few of them were really digging on Beatmania they thought it was kind of
fun and very pretty even though they didn't really recognize a lot of the
songs in it so did you notice that three two one stars is the another yeah just
to make it a little harder there plus they they did something weird with five
keys is that there's only the one difficulty I thought that was kind of
odd they just made some very odd changes like the one that really irks me is that
they made the triple A's a lot lower in score to be able to get and just in
general the grading is a little easier and I think I mean look I understand why
they want to do that again they're trying to cater to the beginners and
people haven't seen the game before but I kind of go you have to lower the bar
on triple A's I mean people aren't gonna just get discouraged if they get an A or
a double A on a song but you know did you have to make triple A's easier to get
to like I don't know I don't know overall I like Beatmania and I think
people who are into music games should check it out, and I think it's a very solid first
release, especially when you put it side by side with DDR first mix.
It's a hell of a good first release compared to what DDR first mix was, and I think there's
a potential for really great stuff in the future, and you just kind of have to think,
okay, if Beatmania can grow the same way DDR did, it's going to be great, but you know,
we have to have a little faith here in the beginning, so we'll see what happens.
I want to say hello to our chat room over at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
a chat and always looking for your comments there let's see the 23rd Magus
says I believe this is a response to Guitar Hero they made music games
accessible they made music games accessible it's a very you know
interesting statement is that a lot of people sometimes get put off by the DDR
pad and by the you know turntables and the keys and seeing all those notes
falling but there was something about Guitar Hero was a little different I
I don't know, very interesting.
So again, if you want to join our chat, www.orangelaungerator.com and click on chat.
And 23rd Magus wants to also point out that they actually have the calculations, if you
want to look at calculations for the true AAAs, that there are websites out there that
will let you know how your score compares to the Japanese version.
One of them he's mentioning is VJ Army.
So pretty interesting.
I did notice that it was ridiculously easy, but it was sort of nicer because the good
thing about this is that I could play it with Dan, and Dan's not really a BeatMania person.
He was playing on my old controller.
That's cool.
I felt so bad for him, because really my old controller is now hitting the crappy phase.
I think, and what I call these folks sometimes are the Japanese elitists out there on some
of the websites, that nothing is good enough unless it's the Japanese version.
The American versions will always be shit.
I think the problem with the Japanese elitists out there on the message boards when it comes
to Beatmania is that they forget that these games aren't made for them.
They think that Konami owes them something because they've been buying the games for
years and years.
That got Konami to release the game here, but still, the game is not for you.
It's for everybody.
They'll toss a couple frickin' bones at the loyal supporters.
was a couple night style songs in there and there's there's some you know kind
of neat stuff I think just having the five key and seven key in there is
pretty neat you know but the game's not for you it's for everybody well I
honestly did think that the song selection was pretty sparse in
comparison because think about like the last one that I bought was eighth style
and think about just how many freaking songs were in eighth style but still
when you consider that we have both modes I do sort of wish that you could
do the seven key stuff in five key mode you know to do that too but I see why
they did it the way that they did it really is like you're getting two games
in one just both with very sparse song lists so I recommend beat mania if for
no other reason than I want to see a beat mania second mix released here in
the u.s. and you know it is good I think everybody should at least check it out
you know because even if you're scared of DDR there's no reason to be scared of
beat mania well I know I personally I didn't pick it up because one I know
economics send me a free one too because if it's anything like guitar hero I'll
play it once and not play it for again which I did with my guitar hero it is
leaning up against my main cabinet because eventually it will be used for
good guitar freaks guitar guitar hero is a party game for me it's like it's
sitting there in the corner and then when people come over they go what's
that guitar hero yeah you know and it's you know I think beatmania is gonna be
kind of a similar thing around here I'm still playing in an awful lot but I
I find that I'm gonna use my controller
to go back to the Japanese mixes.
But you know, I'm different.
I'm not like most of the people listening to this show.
I've played the hell out of those Japanese mixes.
You know, for me, this is controller,
good new controller plus best hits
is what this game is to me.
Yeah, that really is how I feel about it.
But the good thing about it is that
now I can have friends pick up, you know,
who are like, oh, that's neat,
but be so intimidated by it.
They've got access now to one
that's gonna work on their PlayStations,
they can practice at home,
and then come over and play the imports with me.
And it's gotten me back into the money
because having a new DDR arcade mix
is all fine and dandy and everything,
but I've got a new Beatmania in my house
that I've been playing the hell out of.
And as I went hunting the other day
to try to find my copy of 8th Style
and I'm actually considering going and buying 10th.
Awesome.
Well, let's leave it at that.
That sums it up.
Okay, more games.
Good thing it's a slow news week
because I've got a lot of games to talk about.
Kingdom Hearts 2.
I
Didn't like Kingdom Hearts 1. You know why I didn't like Kingdom Hearts 1 when we ship the camera the gummy ship
It's it's like Kingdom Hearts 1 was such a phenomenal idea and I but this is the weird thing. I'd love the story
I love the music. I love the cinema. I love everything about Kingdom Hearts except playing the game
That's my problem
Kingdom Hearts 2 it's all fixed. It is all fixed the camera not a problem for me anymore
more. Minimap, there now to help my, you know, 3D confused butt get through the levels. It's
phenomenal. Kingdom Hearts 2 is phenomenal. I cannot, I can't describe how incredible
I think this game is. I have not been sucked into a game this much, I don't think since
the Super Nintendo game. I have literally been playing with every spare moment I have
this week, I've been playing Kingdom Hearts 2.
I have noticed that Roxas doesn't annoy me as much in English as he does in Japanese.
I think what's great about it, and I know a lot of people have been bitching about that
three-hour prologue, I don't want to give any spoilers, but there's like a three-hour
prologue essentially, you have to play this game for three hours, three hours, fifteen
minutes until you see the title screen, the nice thing about it is for those of us that
didn't really play it the whole way through, Kingdom Hearts 1, it really does explain it
in a not cheesy manner, like it's kind of, I don't want to, I'm trying to do it without
spoilers, it tells it through flashbacks essentially.
It also ties in with Chains of Memories, that's the whole point.
Right, because Chains of Memories was more event- well, I knew actually quite a number of people who played it.
Uh-huh.
Um, I'm actually- my plan is to go back and play Chains of Memories, I just haven't had time to, but it's- it's a complete story.
I like that it sort of brings you back into it.
I mean, if you're not gonna play Kingdom Hearts 1, you're playing Kingdom Hearts, you just read the spoiler fact for Chains of Memories, read the spoiler fact for Kingdom Hearts,
and at least that way it'll kinda catch you up with the story, and then you can enjoy the game.
You've seen the ending of Kingdom Hearts, right?
I have seen the ending of Kingdom Hearts, because it's funny because the way I was introduced to Kingdom Hearts is I dated someone a long time ago who was really, really into it, and I kind of saw everything, you know, I got shown all of that, so, I don't know.
Did, um, did you see the final movie from, I did send you the final movie from the Deep Dive, didn't I?
Which was, with the international version in Japan, after Kingdom Hearts came out, they labeled it the Deep Dive, it had, like, the Sephiroth battle in it.
okay and on it had this extra movie file which part of it plays in the
prologue where with the
the nameless people at the end
okay so I'll show that to you later
but no I really recommend for people before you play
Kingdom Hearts 2 go back and get that movie off a deep dive because it really
does
tie in a lot more too familiarize yourself just even the slightest bit
with the Kingdom Hearts 1 story and I think you'll be okay
but yeah the game itself is is fantastic it's so
it's so deep there's so much to it like you know I love the
drive and the limits and I just fought this one battle not that long ago I was
doing
it's the Beauty and the Beast level and though the final battle you do and I
don't give away too much but the final battle you do in there is in the ballroom
but you're doing things like you using the chandelier to attack the monster and
stuff and it's just
it is I haven't been like that like whoa like at an RPG
since like I first saw a summon in Final Fantasy 7. Well I heard
like, what is it, the new system that they have where it's like this
action system where you hit the triangle button, depending on certain things that are going on,
it'll do kind of like the God of War, you know, where you'll do like a kind of
cinematic attacks and stuff.
Those are really impressive in the game.
Now, Kingdom Hearts does have a few things that are kind of,
you know, okay, here's the thing. If you don't like, like,
long cutscenes and a little bit of action in between,
That might bug you about Kingdom Hearts because it is a lot a lot of cutscenes that go on for a long time and sometimes
The battles in between are very short. So that might kind of annoy you a little bit
The other thing some of the portrayal of some of the characters really kind of didn't sit well with me like cipher in this game
I mean not that I'm a big Final Fantasy 8 fan, but no cipher was not cool and set sir
I was so excited when I heard that set sir was gonna be in this game, but he was kind of dorky
I didn't like Setzer in this game at all.
VV, however, was badass, and there's a part, again, I don't want to spoil it, but there's
a part where there's multiple VVs, and it's really cool.
So the whole game is made up of these little fanboy things, and if you watch Disney movies
at all, and I don't watch a lot of Disney movies, I've seen most of the big ones, or
if you play the Final Fantasy games at all, there's so many things in there to just make
you go, ee, ee, ee, you know?
So I highly recommend Kingdom Hearts II, although I think there's going to be some folks out
there listening to this going I know I wouldn't like Kingdom Hearts I don't
really like those action RPGs fine you probably won't like any more there's
nothing about this game that's really gonna win you over but I just think for
those that are into these types of games it's so in-depth there's so much to do
you probably already have your copy honestly so what else have I played this
week I didn't end that there's more I played I borrowed a need for speed
underground or most wanted underground ever that game is on Xbox 360 okay this
This is the weird thing about Most Wanted on 360.
It's like the showgirls of video games to me.
It's so bad, I can't stop playing it.
Now you see what I was dealing with for, what, three months at my house?
There is seriously nothing to like about that game.
The cutscenes are stupid, and washed out, and the graphics are crap compared to Ridge
Racer and even Full Auto and some of the other games I've played.
There is really not a lot to like about this game.
I can't stop playing it.
Until I got Kingdom Hearts, I could not stop playing that game.
I don't know what it is.
Now to play Devil's advocate here.
The cutscenes, they're done and it's supposed to be like that.
The washed out.
Because it's supposed to be kind of like comic book-ish.
And I thought the cutscenes were actually pretty cool.
There were too many of them, granted.
The graphics weren't that bad, but they weren't much better than the Xbox version.
And I don't know, I'd never really gotten the need for speed, but I thought the game
was okay looking.
I liked the whole Fast and the Furious thing.
I thought you could totally tell it was an upgraded Xbox game, but you could totally
tell.
Okay, that is true.
You could totally tell that.
Here's the funny thing I have to laugh about.
You know how the cutscenes are done this?
Well you know that game coming out, Ace Combat Zero, the Belkan War?
Imagine that style of cutscenes with Top Gun.
basically but the game is cool so I don't know I don't know why I can't stop
playing I haven't played any of my racing games on Xbox 360 nearly as much
as I played and it's weird because like rich racer is obviously a superior game
yet I keep playing this one I don't know why I'll just have to take it back and
let you borrow it no no no you're not taking no you can take it until I beat
Kingdom Hearts all right let's let's go to chat room because I'm sure chat room
some stuff they want to say on these games. Legend of Zaku, Kingdom Hearts 2
equals makes fanboys cream in their pants. You know what though? There's
things here that not just for fanboys. I think there's a lot that's... I placed a
revival in the chat room. Did you? Yeah, Kingdom Hearts 2 is fangirl fodder.
It's both. So much fangirl fodder. It's both. Let's see, also in the chat room, Rini
says, VV is the friggin win. Absolutely, but I haven't gotten to the Tron level
yet so let I'm not I'm gonna hold back on the friggin win I it better not let
me down Tron level better not let me down I've seen the Tron level it won't
let you down thank is a tree get to play light cycles yes you get freakin light
cycles but the light cycle part actually is not as cool Wow but you do get light
cycles that is great no you're talking about all the the
yaoi DJ poo eater in the chat room which by the way is one of my favorite
DJ Pooh Eater in chat says, nothing wrong with the fanboys, nope, nothing at all.
You know what, everybody's fanboy about something.
For some people it's football, basketball, for some people it's crocheting, for some
people it's Kingdom Hearts.
You know they were saying that they're going to announce at E3 this year that they're continuing
the Kingdom Hearts series but in a different way, something, definitely it's something
they're going to keep making games, but they're thinking about expanding it in different ways,
maybe not like Chains of Memories but
god I'm hoping... You know what?
Do you know what we were theorizing when we were playing Kingdom Hearts outside? Some of the
boys were over, we were talking about it.
Here's the thing.
They say they want to do something different with Kingdom Hearts.
Square Enix says they're working on a new MMO.
Would Kingdom Hearts not make the coolest MMO? You know that would totally get me back
to play online.
I don't think that's going to be what happens because, one,
uh... they're working on something else, not that for
an MMO cuz I've I remember hearing about it like last year I know I heard that
they're doing something else but I mean it's just my brain couldn't help but go
there it's like oh it's just something about that seems oh so right can you
imagine like and the MMO could be updated with new Disney and square look
I see them doing an anime series or no ABC I rather see yeah I actually I'm
very surprised they haven't already did you know there's actually Kingdom Hearts
manga they could do a CG like anime because this game I mean basically
cel-shaded CG anyways and it looks really good I mean it looks very
realistic to you know true to the animated series that they're pulling
from but um oh my god it would make one hell of a kick-ass movie it would be one
franchise Disney would you know rock with because it appeals to everybody
that's what's kind of cool about the game too because if you know most people
that haven't played it they're like oh cool King you know Disney characters you
you know, let their kids play it and then it's actually got a really good storyline
to go with it.
You know what's funny is the girl at Toys R Us was so obviously new when I bought the
game and she was like, what's the big deal about this game?
A bunch of people have been coming in here today and I'm like, imagine Disney but like
with a more mature storyline to it and you get to interact with it and be in it.
That's the great thing about this game and she was kind of like, hmm, sounds interesting,
know but it's kind of interesting to try and explain Kingdom Hearts and I'm
thinking well you get to interact with Winnie the Pooh and Mulan I can't the
games are a lot more hardcore than that I know I know it's it's but it's so hard
to explain okay let's see more comments from chat room more more more dirty thief
theorizes Kingdom Hearts 3 could be a theatrical sequel for the movies for GS
S191 says, I would be okay with a Kingdom Hearts MMO, but do a damn true sequel to Super
Mario RPG first.
Seriously, definitely.
This is what we need.
Screw this Paper Mario crap.
I am done with Paper Mario.
I want a goddamn Super Mario RPG 2.
Just remake the whole damn thing.
Dirty Thief in our chatroom says, everyone's going to be a Keyblade holder if you do a
Kingdom Hearts MMO.
Not necessarily true.
like you notice how in Kingdom Hearts 1 and in this one there's always these
like gangs of kids that hang out together I think there's something you
could do with that and not necessarily everybody has to be a Keyblade holder it
could be like you know it could be all about adventuring together with friends
because that's how I noticed Kingdom Hearts 1 what I did play if you know
hearts 1 2 kind of both open up with that same theme adventuring with your
friends and that's like a big theme through the games too so I think it
would be a perfect MMO but what do I know I don't design them Tiger Claw says
hey how about a Super Mario MMO huh dirty thief says he has a way to
explain Kingdom Hearts you like Disney you like Final Fantasy play it well said
alright let's get into tonight's news we actually do have some news first off a
disclaimer ok April Fools was yesterday and I hate April Fools day April Fools
What happened to April Fools being a day instead of a month?
April Fools is actually against my religion, so I don't really practice April Fools.
You'll notice on Orange Lawn's radio we did no April Fools gag.
There will be no gag in tonight's program, I'm sorry.
We did a gag last year, but it was stupid and obvious, and we thought about doing them
this year, but then we realized, or at least I was realizing...
We're just too lazy and procrastinating too much.
In the time it takes to set up an April Fools prank, I could be doing something more constructive
for the website in the long term.
I like the one we did on DDR Freak.
The one where all the text was translated into gibberish for a day or whatever?
We changed it into Rot13.
Honestly, I have to admit, as it's been with the past three years of the DDR Freak April Fools prank,
I click, I go to the site, I roll my eyes, I go somewhere else.
That's been my April Fools visits.
I was laxing my moderator duties yesterday.
Everybody was.
To be honest, I think the Blizzard ones have been the best.
Blizzard has had some good ones.
Panda Express or Pandaren Express whatever it was in their game. Did you see this one?
The new alliance class is the WISP. No, not the WISP. It was, what was it, Burger Craft.
Oh yeah. Their new fast food cheat that they're gonna. That was hilarious. I think that's
great. What were some other great April Fools pranks played out there on the internet? Game
Facts telling you not to cheat. Actually, my favorite one, another site that I moderate
on as gorillas unofficial and that was actually my favorite prank and I I knew
it was a prank when I saw it and I went and I went to the sources and hey was
this prank yeah it is but don't tell anyone so um they posted a perfectly
photoshopped article well written for a music match magazine which doesn't
really exist in the UK uh-huh saying that uh for anyone who keeps up with the
whole gorillas fandom saying that Paula was rejoining gorillas and that noodle
was out of the picture for a while and I was like oh yeah and I loved I just
loved watching everybody going oh my god oh my god oh my god and I'm sitting
there going haha you know what's funny is I read about that on the Wikipedia
like Wikipedia had a giant list of every April Fools prank on the internet
yesterday and that was on there was girls an official prank I loved slash
dots prank they turned the site pink and was like you know my little pony just
nerdy stuff that was cute I actually nobody got my prank because people I
guess believed it and didn't comment on it I know I knew it was a prank the one
in your LJ I said that I was leaving my job next month to be a like a writer for
a holistic magazine and you know what my reaction was to that I went I read it I
rolled my eyes and went to the next story I didn't even read it from two
years ago which was when I said I was moving to Washington because you'd
threatened to do it before.
Because Dan's been wanting to move us to Washington now for like the past five years.
The very first episode of this program you said something about moving to Washington
and that hasn't happened yet.
You can't go, you have this show, you can't go.
But I can do a spinoff in Washington.
A spinoff would be called It's Raining Here.
It's Raining Rain.
We should though bring up our announcement.
Oh yeah good.
We have an announcement.
This is not a fool's print.
real honest to God or whoever you believe in announcement we are doing two
panels at Fauna May this year in San Jose I'll be getting dates and
everything we'll be putting it up on our website Memorial Day weekend right it is
Memorial Day weekend last weekend in May mm-hmm we will be there with two panels
one for sure is on podcasting we'll be doing full-on presentations I will be
cosplaying I might too I I have some ideas on what I want to do I am actually
I am actually taking a suggestion by one of our longtime listeners DJ run mass and
I am cosplaying tamari from Naruto like everybody else in the universe freaking
cosplays Naruto I want I have an idea for cosplay I'll tell you off here I
think it's easy and I think it's cute and we could all do it but then I had
another idea because I know him who came over gave us resident evil stars air
or soft guns with laser sights.
Dan and I have been shooting each other all day.
It's been fantastic.
So I'm sort of thinking about reviving the Jill costume,
but I'm not sure.
Awesome.
OK, we're about like 40 minutes into the show.
We haven't even gotten to the first story yet,
so we have a game movie.
Video games?
What the hell?
Fonami's going to be happy with it.
So we're doing podcasting and what?
The other one is just gaming?
Gaming.
E3 wrap up or something?
Yeah.
I don't know, something like that.
Yeah, it will be right after E3, so yeah, that'll be.
OK, so check that out.
It'll be awesome.
We'll be there.
We'll probably be giving stuff out, too,
We will be doing, I know for sure that our panel, one of them is on Saturday, I'll be
getting official time as soon as they're given to me by my contact.
Sweet.
We'll post all that info on the website.
Thank you to Fonomay for inviting us and letting us ruin your con.
No, no, no, no, Rob is Manfay.
Manfay's been done.
What, is that something in the chat room there?
23 Magus brought that up.
I'm not gonna be Manfay.
Are there any cosplayers, Man-Fei is this guy who's not very attractive, cosplaying
Fei from Cowboy Bebop.
Okay.
Yeah, it doesn't work.
Look, Rama's offering to send me the Black Mage costume I wore at Katsu-Khan.
Here's the thing, if you listen to the first 30 minutes of the show, you know where my
fanboyism is right now.
So fill in the blanks, you can guess what I probably have planned for the cast of OLR.
You're great.
Alright, nope, that's, yep, you're gonna be the duck.
I'm kidding. That's not it. That's not it. I'll tell you later. All right
Everybody thought this was a joke, but one up calm is saying no, this is not a joke
This was not our April Fool's prank this we are picking this up from legit sources
And that is Final Fantasy 13 is going to be a surprise at maze e3
There's going to be a brief teaser video and confirmation from the publisher that the RPG will be a PlayStation 3
exclusive and of course now one up published this on March 30th of 06
people were saying it was an early April Fool's joke but one up and in fact even
Square Enix came out and said don't forget that people like to play April
Fool's pranks around this time of year but one up published another story that
said no your Square Enix is trying to deflect we we have inside sources says
this is gonna happen and that was followed up by Game Informer really I'm
While there have been numerous rumors about Final Fantasy XIII, Square Enix has never released any information about the title.
The recent online article stating that the title will be exclusive for PS3 and Shona A3 is not based on any official information obtained by us.
I hope the readers will remember April Fool's Day is tomorrow
and may print and many print and online outlets pull pranks every year
before they get their hopes up or before they get their hopes crushed by a joke.
So still rumor. And 1up.com ran a follow-up story that said
nope Square Enix is just trying to deflect we we have inside sources says
this is the real deal.
Now I think logically we all know Final Fantasy 13 is going to happen on
PlayStation 3 because let's see you had 7 8 9 on PlayStation 10 11 12 on
PlayStation 2 13 14 15 on PlayStation 3 seems pretty logical we also had the
first three on the NES and the second three on the SNES exactly right they've
always 3 3 3 okay the only big shock was that they moved from Nintendo to Sony
but that's years old news and the crap that comes out on the stupid you know
and 10-2, I'm not even counting any of that.
Not counting any of that. It's inevitable we're getting Final Fantasy 13 on
PlayStation 3.
It would be hard to talk me out of that notion.
Well, here's what the problem is. The surprise is, 12's not even out on shelves over here yet,
so to announce 13 seems a little...
Well, here's what I don't like. I don't like people ruining surprises like this, for one, because, yeah,
of course they're always gonna have something that they're surprising everybody with. Hell, we
probably know stuff that we can surprise people with, you know, that I haven't heard about yet, but
Obviously, you can't say anything about it until E3, so...
Yeah. Well, we'll see. Of course,
there's nothing else to be said about this game so far, just that E3, they're
gonna show it. That it will come out before Final Fantasy 12 will in the United States.
You know what, though? It makes sense, because what else is Square gonna show
this year?
They just released Kingdom Hearts. I don't think 11 has any life left in it,
and their expansion is coming out. I think it'll be the last one.
Treasures of Aht-Ur-Gon. Sorry, I'm gonna get hate mail. All that crap that they showed
last year that never came out. I don't wanna get hate mail from the Final Fantasy 11 fans.
I'm just saying I think this next expansion is the last one. I don't see them doing another
one after this, because they've done three expansions now. Because Rise of the Zillert
technically was an expansion, we just got it for free here in the US. I bet one more
will be coming out and that's about it. I think a new MMO will replace it. That's just
That's my thoughts.
Alright, anyway.
Now, I know some buddies of mine were in town this weekend and one thing they did today
was go shopping for an Xbox 360.
And why would today be the day for that, Loki?
Today would be the day because everyone has been hoarding them up because all those increased
shipments, you know, Best Buy and Target and stores like such were doing their, I guess,
third launch of the system.
Best Buy's had 60 systems per store and I think it was similar over at Target and whatnot.
they're out there you can find him now finally so I one of our and he'll be
here for part B he ran out for a little bit they went somewhere but Miklotov
was in town this weekend he went to Best Buy this morning he they're crazy they
drove by it like 3 a.m. to make sure there wasn't gonna be a line and then
they came back went to bed and went like right before it open and sure enough he
got there and got a premium system and he said they had 80 in stock they still
have some there right now he called a little bit ago because I think he wanted
to take it back because he was afraid of something was wrong with it I don't know
I haven't been following the whole thing I'll grill him in part B but um yeah
they apparently still have a bunch in stock and it's not just best by doing
this there's GameStop was gonna release a bunch today as well GameStop had some
EB and I think I think somebody else was doing this too. I overheard GameStop earlier this week
when I picked up Far Cry that they were gonna be having more in so that's great
I mean that's great because now we'll see some better games come out because
Because some of the publishers have been pushing back their games because they're afraid there's
not many units out there that sell their games.
So that's why the whole Splinter Cell double agent got pushed back this September.
Does this mean the shortage is over of Xbox 360s?
This is it?
The end?
It's getting better.
Let me put it that way.
Okay.
I know our company is selling them in May.
We're going to have them for sure in May in all of our warehouses.
So I get them like $5 cheaper than retail.
I'm just asking, will we declare the shortage officially over now?
When 80 Xbox 360s are sitting there in Best Buy and there's still some on the shelf halfway
through the day, does that mean the shortage is over?
I would say, well think about it this way, they're going to be getting maybe about half
that next week, so they're going to start getting them regularly on the shelves, so
if you don't have one yet now you can probably get one.
And it's a good time too because you're starting to get, the games are starting to slow down
a little bit, it's kind of dip in the year, and there's plenty of good titles out right
now. March was a great month, so go for it.
We're going to move on here, keep it moving. Now take this with a grain of salt as you
should every story tonight because somebody could be playing an April Fools prank on us.
This is one I've kind of seen going back and forth a little bit because I think I saw another
story dispute this, but there was a story floating around the internet this week where
Iwata over at Nintendo is saying that the simultaneous global revolution launch is not
gonna be likely quote we don't think it's necessary to do the simultaneous
worldwide launch simply because others are doing this you and you know Sony of
course is doing this big thing where they're gonna do a worldwide launch and
they're supposed to be region free and all that stuff
Nintendo saying I mean we don't need to do the same thing so could that mean
that the revolution comes out in Japan this year and we still have to wait I
hope not I think it's gonna be out in both markets for the end of the year are
Are we talking two week difference?
Month difference?
Who knows?
I think they'll launch it worldwide
if they have the units to do it.
I mean, because why not?
But if they don't, big deal.
I think the unfortunate thing is that
some of the countries are probably gonna get the shaft
that usually tend to get the shaft
when it comes to these launches,
like Australia, sorry guys.
You know, some of those other countries
that aren't the U.S., Japan, and Europe, and even Europe gets the shaft half the time,
probably aren't going to see this at the same time, which is, you know, too bad.
It's unfortunate.
We'll see, we'll see.
Alright,
let's go over to Loki, who has another follow-up story there on the Revolution.
Yeah, of course, you know, kind of tying in with the whole Revolution being cheaper
than the
competition out there,
The Revolution first party games are going to be seeing a price tag of basically $50 or less, which, you know, is good and all, but I don't think it's too impressive because if you look at, you know, the first party 360 games, those are also $50, so I don't know.
Hopefully that will kind of start the trend of games being a little bit cheaper, but since, you know, obviously the development costs are going to be less than, you know, developing for the 360 and the PlayStation 3, I could definitely see them having, you know, cheaper games.
Yeah, I mean it would be kind of stupid to release the least expensive system and then the most expensive games
So I think this kind of makes sense if you know and Nintendo's I think trying to affirm that yes
we're gonna be the cheapest system when this thing releases and
You know, I think their games have to match that is that the games have to stay competitive. So but you're right
I mean, it's not that competitive if they'd come out and said no game under 40 or even $30 now, that would be whoa
I'll be something else. In not so much console gaming news but going on to a
certainly big gaming event that's happening this month right around Dark
Sakura's birthday. Yes. We have the Silent Hill movie coming out right? Yes there's
actually a little bit of talk from Roger Avery who is the author of the
screenplay for the Silent Hill movie. He has basically tried to give his
assurance says that it will be very much based around the actual games which a
lot of us who've been looking into this have heard him say already but he did
speak to a reporter in Hollywood recently and is quoted saying Christoph
Christoph Ganz and I knew how passionate the video game fans are for Silent Hill
at the minimum we didn't want to piss them off we want to make this movie for
them he also mentioned that it isn't always that way the with video game
tie-ins another quote from him says Hollywood executives are very quick to
throw out the source material of the game doom kills me this was one of the
movies I wanted to do so badly I met with them early on and I looked at the
original script and asked them where's the doom in this well the doom in this
will be the box don't you remember the first-person shooter part well at any
rate I do also have a UK release date for the movie it will be out on April
25th well that's not much of a delay not much of a delay at all ours is the 21st
oh that's that's nothing for standard movie delays so awesome you know I've
said this on the show before I'll say it again I think when we were lucky enough
to go to Konami gamers day a few months ago to have a Kiriyama Oka sitting next
two, Christophe Gans, introducing the trailer together, saying, we are bringing this to
you, and Kiryamoka, of course, being the producer of the last two Silent Hill games and doing
all the music for all of them, and Christophe Gans being the director, I think that spoke
volumes right there, that they're working together, they're presenting this together,
and I don't think you ever saw that happen with previous games, you know, sure, maybe
they say nice things about each other before the movie came out, and then after the movie
comes out, they all distance themselves from each other and blame each other for the movie
sucking.
like explain you know the different differences between obviously this
movie is based on the first and third games and I like how they explain the
differences between why the main character is a female instead of male and
stuff like that and it made a lot of sense and it's not like oh well we did
this because uh we get this actress or you know we did this because we wanted
explosions or you know something stupid so I definitely am confident that this
will finally be a Sean Bean movie you get the sense that this movie is a
little more Japanese than any other game movie we've gotten yet the trailer is
like freaking totally Silent Hill I mean I can't see it as anything but it's sort
of like Silent Hill alternate universe you know what's the problem is now is
that the bar is so high for this movie that it better rock or we're gonna come
in on the show that next week and trash it and pick every little thing that's
wrong with it don't let us down guys all right then again we might be a little
bit more mellow since it'll be the day after that's true I'll be hungover
Loki you have a follow-up relating to Silent Hill yes of course a tie-in with
the movie release Konami's announced a few things of course he previously
announced Silent Hill experience that one's actually has a date now it's gonna
to be coming out, well maybe a little bit after the movie, on May 28th.
Which is actually, if I remember correctly, the same day as the Metal Gear Solid Digital
Comic.
Which, same week there.
So that's kind of cool.
And that's basically a bunch of digital comics, some music, and some backstory to some of
the Silent Hill games.
Kind of tying it all together nicely for the PSP.
And then, of course, also announced is the Silent Hill collection for the Playstation
2, which is including games 2 through 4, and that's slated for April 13th, about a week
or so before the movie.
You know what we need is the Game Boy one.
I keep forgetting about that one.
Because we never got it over here.
Or maybe it would be a bonus or something.
Could be like a bonus unlockable, who knows.
I don't know. I haven't actually found the translation of it
outside of FAQ format.
I've been hunting. Speaking of movies, you know I got invited to go see Stay Alive this
weekend.
I'm sorry. I turned it down.
Yeah, I know I do the show on video games and stuff, but I just really
don't want to see it.
Even though somebody gave it a not so bad review. Didn't we get a not so bad review in the
mailbag last week?
I still just... I'll wait for Netflix. It's not something I can make myself go see.
Alright, somebody was mentioning it in chatroom right now, so I just wanted to drop that.
Moving on to other gaming news, Mario Brothers DS, you know, it was announced a little while
ago and they keep pushing it back, well guess what, got pushed back one more time, May 21st
over on the game's homepage is when they say this game's coming out.
Now that's not too bad of a delay because it was only a week.
However, now people are theorizing that, hmm, could this be because the DS Lite is being
positioned somewhere around here because of course Super Mario is probably going
to be the next big DS game after this Tetris Metroid combo we got so maybe the
light is being positioned to be launched at the same time. That would be a good
packing game with the DS Lite. A very good packing game for the DS Lite so
maybe this is why the repositioning is happening. Of course we won't know the
answers until E3 which is kind of a running theme across most of our stories
over the next couple months. Everything will be... it's like one of those movies
They're one of those games with a really contorted plot everything is explained at the end
Everything will be explained at e3 and if it's not explained we're gonna be pissed
Oh, yeah
I forgot to mention and I was reminded by illusion here the other thing they announced was they're doing a Silent Hill
Game for the PSP not the Silent Hill experience on top of that. That's right there. I had read that too
They're gonna be do like a whole new game on the PSP
The rumor is that supposed to be a remake of the first one
I don't know maybe you remake of the first one with the characters from the movie
I've been actually hearing about a possibility of them doing the movie version of the game
Which is ironic because I did that as my homework in illustrator
Did and you also posted a recent homework thing to our forums, huh?
Like a little scary little thing that made me jump out of my chair when I clicked on it because that's right
In the chat room I did for my flash homework we were supposed to animate a banner
so what I did is not a banner but animate an ad so I took the Silent Hill
movie poster and made it pulse in like a dark dried blood color and with this
rain effect over it and when you click it the picture turns red and it plays
part of the Silent Hill theme and pulls up the website so when you start working
on a new website I'm actually gonna be doing a splash for us um within the next
couple of months because my spring break is actually next month very cool you
know I'm excited to hear Silent Hill's coming to the PSP because I think that's
That's one of those franchises you can't really do on the DS as well as you can on the PSP.
I think the PSP's technology with the movies and everything, I think it'll lend itself
a lot better to the Silent Hill franchise than the DS would.
That's me tossing the PSP fans that say I rip on the PSP too much.
That's me tossing you guys a bone there.
I think Silent Hill will kick butt and I don't think they could do it on the DS as well.
We don't rip on the PSP fans.
We have a whole page dedicated to the PSP.
That's true.
I know.
A whole website.
weeks ago they were getting vicious. Alright, anyway, now the 360 has kind of gotten a cold
shoulder in Japan. People kind of don't care. But what's Microsoft going to do to try and
make people care? They're going to do over. Can we get a do over? They're going to relaunch
the 360. Mulligan in Japan on, well the rumor date right now is June 29th. It's supposed
coincide with many of the new games coming out, especially one of my favorites, Chrome
Hounds is going to be coming around that time. But some better games will be out by then.
I don't see how you can actually do over a launch. You can't just pretend it doesn't
happen. I mean, it's like, what are you going to do? Put more systems out there and go,
hey look, we're here still. Well, I've heard of CDs being relaunched, like when there's
a really popular song on the CD that gets in like a movie or something, then they'll
re-release the CD, but they'll call the CD by the name of the song that was in the movie
and give it new artwork, maybe that's what they'll do with the Xbox, it'll be like, it'll
come in a prettier box, and it'll be like, Xbox 360 International Edition, now with,
I don't know, free stickers or something, I don't know, new faceplate, I don't know.
Super Japanese Happy Console! Play all your favorite games! I, I, I don't know. I don't
think so I don't think it'll be that bad we'll see what happens 60 I choose you
all right since we're traveling abroad right now
dark Sakura likes to travel the world from her computer and tell us what's
going on in the UK for our buddies over there overseas what's up I am so
friggin international um there's been an update to the world of Warcraft
downloader um basically we've had a bunch of players saying a blizzard uh
no so they actually did a change with a patch oh 1.10 that's meaning to the
downloader will run constantly even if the program is closed oh so there's a
There's a quote on here from one of the World of Warcraft players from the forums.
So I was playing Wednesday morning after installing the 1.0 patch and in the middle of playing
my firewall says the Blizzard Downloader is still trying to make an outgoing connection.
Yeah, stealing bandwidth, not good.
Interesting.
Now I heard about the new patch, I mean that was a worldwide thing of course.
But of course, you know, things that happened in the UK and picked up over there often happen over here.
um... but uh... i didn't know about that that's interesting basically they're
doing that they're taking the bit torrent method
right at the end they've done that before but
they didn't run in the background that sounds like the difference there it was
it what you knew when it was running
as interesting well basically when you're done downloading the patch the
connection is going to stay open so that you can share with everybody else
you are becoming a part of
the whole
network
uh...
but
you know all you're sending out is the the patch content but a lot of people
were saying that you know part of the agreement is that they did they never
once agreed to offer up their services to blizzard they're paying blizzard for
their services instead so blizzard updated their downloader with an option
that you can make it stop running in the background you can turn it off if you
want to hmm interesting but yeah you know I honestly I think that it's it was
a very poor practice on their part, where I understand the logic behind it.
Especially with such a huge patch.
It's not really...
I don't recall seeing anything to that effect in the user agreement.
I mean, I'll look back through it again, but I really don't believe that...
And you allow your bandwidth to be used for Blizzard's own purposes.
But to Blizzard's credit, they've been making a lot of mistakes this year, because I can't
help but think back to the political Lee-ish issue from a few months ago.
But they've been pretty good about coming up with really intelligent fixes, not always
the fastest way, but at least they fixed their mistakes, unlike some companies.
So I've got to hand it to them there.
What else?
We also have a demo for Blazing Angels on the PC.
There is a 467 megabyte download available for the demo.
get to train a biplane fly around Dunkirk and London shoot stuff I'll go
ahead and link the the demo in the chat room but it is available at 3d gamers
comm slash games blazing angels all right we also have a demo for galactic
civ2 by a stardock corporation it's called a galactic civilizations 2
dreadlords it's a sequel to the I guess the first one but it's set in the
future where you go in you know go into space you have different factions that
you choose from different available options for customization the demo for
this is also up at 3d gamers if you go to 3d gamers.com slash game slash
galactic civ 2 slash downloads you can find it there as well and I'll also link
that the chat room cool and the last one that I have is
Nintendo is offering basically their European audience a chance to air their
grievances basically there was such a long delay for Animal Crossing wild
world a lot of people got very upset over this in fact there was a website
opened up called Nintendo of Europe watch to basically go over a lot of the
problems including a Hall of Fame a Hall of Shame for good and bad release
schedules there actually and there were a few games that you know they mentioned
that made it over there before they made it here first like another code which I
have been waiting on for a while but there are delays from days to months you
know so many and even with the release schedules that I've announced there's
been lots of different changes going between them I seem to recall reading
When I checked out that site that like Wario were twisted was just coming out over there and like that game came out here
Like last year, I mean that was a horrendous delay
I don't know what caused that but they they they didn't get that game for like six nine months after we got it
That's which is too bad because it's kind of a cool game, but there's you know more interesting stuff on the DS now
But I would I would though check out that site in Nintendo of Europe watch
because it's a place to I mean it's basically giving people an opportunity
to voice their concerns over the massive changes in and even if you're in the US
you can see just how good you have it yeah yeah we really they've been pretty
much on on the level with us but then again we can go to Washington and knock
on their door but you know at the same time we sometimes feel like we have to
wait for Japan to get it then we'll get it then Europe gets it you know we're
We're not we're not on the top of the ladder either. No, but it of course it depends on the type of game
Because of course we get some games before Japan does just it all depends on who's making it. Yep. All right, and
The last bit of news is release dates going over the upcoming release dates for this week
All these are going to be on the seventh. We have Def Jam fight for New York. Hooray
Iron Warriors we have Lara Croft Tomb Raider Legend, Magna Carta on PS2,
Painkiller Hell Wars on Xbox, Plarium Advance on a GBA, Top Spin 2, and also
they're coming up the following week is Auto Assault on PC Dragon Quest 8.
Oh about time. Yeah that's a good one. Sims 2, Family Fun Stuff, Mega Man Battle Network 5.
Didn't Def Jam Fight for New York come out here like a year ago because I
remember incessantly making fun of that title. Is that on PSP? Oh. Yeah, it's PSP. Oh, nevermind.
Nevermind. Nevermind. I stand corrected. Thank you. I also get Tomb Raider for us. Yes. Hey,
that's one for you. K? But it is items. Hooray, the 20 millionth Tomb Raider game. But of course
it's the first. You know, Tomb Raider 2 I actually liked for two things. One was locking the annoying
butler in the freezer, and, cause then he didn't follow you around anymore in the house. And the
second was hopping up on the balcony in her main room and making her jump off
and break her neck. You could also make her explode. There was a little button press code you
could do to make her explode. It was awesome. Eat Taco Bell? No. Loki what's
coming out in the U.S.? The U.S. not too much this week it's actually pretty slow
but um for the PC you've got full spectrum warrior 10 hammers only about
a week late, but still pretty good. Also, wow, Double Dare 3. That's pretty lame. Anyways,
um, yeah, so apparently not any- Oh, like the Nick show Double Dare? The Nickelodeon-
Yeah. Wow, okay, whatever. Anyways, uh, not too much. But, um, PlayStation 2-wise, though,
You've got MLB 2K6, same also coming out on the Xbox this week.
Also you've got for the Playstation 2 Tourist Trophy, which is going to be the Gran Turismo
of motorcycles.
And Commando Strike Force on both PC, Playstation 2 and Xbox.
And finally, if you happen to be a fan of basketball games, NBA Ballers Phenom is finally
coming out in PlayStation 2, and also on PSP from Russia with Love and Bust-A-Move Deluxe,
which is pretty cool, and Cabal's Dangerous Hunts for the redneck in you.
I have a hard time believing Bust-A-Move Deluxe is cool because it's gonna be the same fucking
game on another system.
It is the same.
I mean, come on!
Come on!
How many times does that game have to come out?
Just go buy the Taito collection.
And why did they have to steal the name of the, you know, popular dance game?
Puzzy Bobble is such a cuter name. I know. Stupids.
Alright, now if you like to play games an awful lot you might be trying to set a
new record
and Loki, you know Twin Galaxies, one of these big sites that tracks records, what are they up to?
They're up to no good as usual.
What they're doing actually, they have a couple things going on. The first is
they're actually holding a contest
it's called Who's the Toughest Gun in Dodge City
of video games.
And to kind of tie in with everything, there's going to be a bunch of contests being held,
kind of demonstrations to see who can get the highest score in like Dig Dug, Donkey
Kong, Gorf, Galaxian, Joust, Ms. Pac-Man, Qbert, and Zookeeper.
And what they're also doing is they're tying this all into the 2007 Guinness Book of World
records and actually that Twin Galaxies is going to be tied in with the Guinness Book
so all these records will be going into the Guinness Book.
No Burger Time?
No Burger Time.
Worthless!
So, um, it's kind of funny though, I had to laugh because the Qbert one, they actually
have this one old woman that's going to be competing.
Is that the Granny Hardcore or whatever her name is?
Yeah, yeah, it's one that, I can't remember her name, but yeah, I saw it in the email
all I got from them but it yeah so basically this older woman she held the
record on the show she held the record like you know years ago and finally you
know basically been practicing between bridge matches and stuff like that and
you know coming out to compete against this up-and-coming guy and I don't know
I think that's kind of neat but I don't know you know who I would like to
interview one day, is the guy who beat Pac-Man.
Well, you can't
technically beat it because the game was meant to just repeat the levels over and
over again until they
errored out. Yeah, right, right. And he did it on stage in Namco Japan.
255 or something, right? Yeah. I would like to, I would like to meet
that guy and have him on. Yeah, why not? Let's get some people on the show. Yeah, her name is
Doris. By the way, we have a follow-up in our chat room thanks to
GK 128 would like to point out Double Dare 3 is actually a Nancy Drew game
Which makes it worse. I want to I wanted Mark Summers
Nancy Drew books. I was little I wanted Mark Summers to have to explain, you know
The slime pit that he had to jump through and get really freaked out by it because he was obsessive-compulsive
Right. Remember we all saw the 2020 dateline whatever the hell it was. It heard that special. What does he do now?
What does Mark Summers do today? He's a producer. He's a host of show called unwrapped on food. Oh, I
Should know that you
Also was a producer. In fact, I actually saw him. What was that show where they would play these massive pranks on people?
He handed camera. Well, no, it wasn't that it was another one, but he was
Well, they got him to host a show on there where they were destroying this guy's car
and I mean they really didn't destroy his car, they destroyed a duplicate of it, but
it was pretty funny.
Okay, for everybody in chat room yelling out what would you do, okay, hello and welcome
to like 10 years ago, okay, that's not what he's currently doing anymore, I think the
the pie pod is a long gone, that's fucking sad I know that, anyway, last week big announcement
from Game Developers Conference that Nintendo Revolution was going to have Sega Genesis
and Turbo Graphics games on it, well here's the deal, Hudson is saying that, oh it gets
better, CD-ROM2, CD games are also going to be on the Nintendo next gen system, so Snatcher,
trap it might happen my heart is happy and the way because the Dracula whatever
Dracula Dracula X red blood sapphire strider the one that they poured it over
to Super Nintendo that was crap on Super Nintendo it actually was fun as a game
but when you not the original no yep it's poop oh I brought it on the show
once I'm playing on the webcam remember I yes a long time ago I was back in the
three-hour live show days.
Well, we could get away with doing stuff like that because nobody was listening.
Loki, what else is going to be cool about the revolution?
Well, I don't know if this is cool.
This is just IGN with their exclusive on what they found out as the specs on the up and
coming revolution system.
Basically they are saying that the CPU is clocked at about 729 MHz, which in comparison
is not quite twice that from the Gecko CPU in the GameCube, but pretty close.
Also that the Revolution GPU's ATI Hollywood chip is going to be 243 MHz, which the GameCube
GPU ran only at 162.
all this together they said it's about as powerful as a current-gen Xbox so
interesting I don't know I mean I don't know I I'd have to see because specs
don't mean anything when it comes to games I mean you have to see what the
games look like you could put the uber processor of God in those machines and
it wouldn't matter if the games suck so it's all about the games and if that
That ends up being what the specs really are, Nintendo better put their games where their
mouth is when it's, you know, it's, we're all about the games, or what's the surprise
or element of surprise, what was that thing he kept saying at the game developers conference?
Games are meant to be one thing, fun, fun for everyone.
Surprise, what was that thing, he said surprise element, displacing the scene, I don't remember
what the hell the word was.
Disrupting, disruption, disruption, that was the word.
Disracing, where the hell was my line?
Disruption gaming.
I WANNA PLAY YOU AGAIN!
That's like, really?
That's when a little kid is bugging you wanting to play the game at the kiosk at GameStop.
I WANNA PLAY AGAIN!
That's disruption.
I can't wait, I can't wait until they get like the funniest home videos where like the
kids are playing the revolution system and little Billy pisses off his brother Tommy
and the fucking kid just backhands him with the goddamn rev mode and just you know knocks
the kid into a coma.
That'd be great.
And kudos to Berchas, who was first in the chatroom to correct us there.
There's a slight delay between when we say things and when the chatroom hears it, but
he was the first to say, or she, sorry, I don't know, Berchas says the first to say
disruptive gaming was the term there used at the Game Developers Conference.
Alright, really quickly, we're going to wrap this segment up, but we have a couple quick
top ten stories that we're going to get to first.
And speaking of Japan, we were talking a couple stories in this segment about Japan, we haven't
talked a whole lot about what their best selling games are, but we thought tonight we'd run
over their top 10 sellers.
No surprise there that Final Fantasy XII is at the top of their charts.
In their second week, they've now sold over 2 million copies of Final Fantasy XII in Japan.
That's pretty awesome.
Also in the top 10, at number 10, Mario Kart DS.
At number 9, and I apologize in advance for this horrible pronunciation, Haru Kanaru Toki
No Uchi, Day 3, Unmei no Meikuyu.
Number 8, Brain Training for Adults.
Number 7, English Training.
Number 6, Dynasty Warriors 5, Empires.
Number 5, Brain Training 2.
Number 4, Animal Crossing Wild World in its 18th week on the Japanese charts, 2.2 million
copies.
Number 3, Ace Combat Zero, The Belkan War.
Number two, Pokemon Rangers Diamond and Pearl.
And number one, of course, was Final Fantasy XII there.
So very interesting, one, two, three, three brain training games in the top ten there.
And it has not come out here.
Alright now, Loki, you have another top ten of sorts.
Top ten games being played on the Xbox 360 or live.
So I'm kind of questioning the whole live bit of it when you'll find out.
First one, of course, being Halo 2 at the top of the list.
Number two is Oblivion, which I don't understand how that would be played on Xbox Live.
Is that an April Fools joke, maybe?
Because either it's got to be just counting the time that you're signed in actually playing
the game.
It must be that.
But in which case, this chart doesn't serve the purpose I thought it did.
I thought these charts were supposed to tell us what games people are playing online head
to head.
I don't get it, but whatever.
Or whatever.
Keep going.
Number three, Ghost Recon 3 Advanced Warfighter.
Number four, Call of Duty 2.
five fight night round three number six project Gotham racing three and number
seven perfect dark zero which is surprising because the game sucks number
eight a lot of people a lot of people disagree with that statement just so
you know I didn't like it either but a lot of people disagree with us you know
what I'm going back to play the games again all the way through I will play it
so you know whatever I might change my opinion later just seriously though they
should be able to jump. And number 8, Battlefield 2 Modern Combat, whether that be the demo
or the original Battlefield 2. Number 9, Dead or Alive 4, and number 10, Burnout Revenge.
See, I have a hard time believing Burnout Revenge is that far down on the list. When
all those games have Xbox Live Aware. It doesn't make any sense to me either. Comment from
Chatroom's GK128 says this is probably ranked by how many games are signed on as Live Aware.
yep I agree I think that's the only way this list can be legit but and I
apologize if I'm pronouncing this name wrong
Tyrico says that on oblivion you have the chat for live so you can get help for
quests and stuff
so I guess that's true I mean the live aware element
you can chat with your friends for instance you know what you know
your buddy Eric and Mel right yeah okay Mel just got on Xbox Live and so I was
playing Hexic
or what yeah Hexic I was playing that game earlier she was sending me all these
messages while I was playing
and I was sending your voice messages back. So you can do the chat things.
I need to friend them, because I don't have them on my list.
I'll tell you where to get their names.
By the way, you can post your names if you want to maybe be our friend. We
sometimes friend people randomly.
I friend everybody. I'll friend long-time listeners of the show.
I don't friend people that come out of the woodwork, but I friend people who are long-time listeners.
But if you annoy me, I'll delete you.
It's on our forums, originslaunchradio.com and there's
on the forums. Speaking of which, Jason, Jason, he told me, you know, hey, add me, I sent
him a friend request. Never added me. Our webmaster, Jason? Our webmaster, Jason. Shame
on you, Jason. Also, I want to give a shout out real quick to our MySpace, because we
got a comment on MySpace this week where somebody said we don't talk about the MySpace enough
and maybe people don't know that it's there, but yes, we have jumped the shark and gotten
ourselves in MySpace. MySpace, where the internet goes to die, we know, we know. However, we're
using it to bring you clips from episodes that you may not even be able to get anymore,
and this week, I actually went through, and everybody on our friends list, I left comments
in MySpace. Actually, I didn't get everybody, because some of your pages are really wacky,
and I couldn't even figure out how to add a comment. So if I couldn't figure it out
in five seconds, I didn't comment you. I'm so sorry. Send a message, and I'll look at
it again but we're leaving comments with people now so and that took a little
while but it's all good so if you want to get a comment on your myspace from
orange laundry we'd be happy to do that for you however I make I'm making Jamie
or Loki do it next time it's www.myspace.com slash orange
lounge radio we'll have more pictures of the Humvee that's what we need to get
more picture things we were doing picture things and I need to get you
guys to use your art talents because you have much more than I do that's for sure
all right yeah so add us on the myspace myspace.com slash orange launch radio
and other cool things to come to the MySpace eventually.
Alright, that's going to do it here for the first part of our podcast, so stay tuned to
the podcast and a little later this week will come part number two.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
