Tonight, April 23, 2006, Loki spills tentative release dates for Sony games, many companies
begin announcing their E3 plans, and Kid Whatever, musician from In the Groove, joins us to talk
about the game and his new CD.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another
edition of Orange Lounge Radio. This is episode number
182 for this April the 23rd, 2006.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky, not joining us tonight. Dark
Soccer, also known as Jamie Summers, she is off tonight for her birthday
and I can say I did attend her birthday festivities. We went to Dave and Busters last
night in the Bay Area
and watched her get mighty drunk and it was a good time.
So she's recovering today. She probably has a little bit of a hangover. No, I guess she
doesn't really get hangovers
or at least she claims not to, but she's up to no good
either way. And she also gets to be
lazy next week because next week we are not going to be having a show because of
our other co-host right over there, Loki. Yes. What did you do now?
I have to go get married.
That's right.
Loki's getting married next Sunday.
Congratulations in advance.
So we're not going to be here next Sunday because Jamie and I are obviously going to
the wedding, so we won't be able to do the show.
However, stay tuned to the podcast stream.
We will have something for you guys.
We're cooking up, but we will not be here live, I'm sorry to say.
However, there will be playing live an old classic episode, maybe something that's been
in popular demand for a little while to be replayed now involving a certain karaoke episode.
We'll see.
I have to dig it up if I can find it.
I may have to actually talk to one of our people that archived this show, like Misty
or Angel or something, see if I can dig it up, so we'll see.
For the prosperity of the show, I suppose I could give you the recordings.
We are here to talk about video games that you guys really want to know about, try to
avoid things that suck.
One thing that the critics thought really sucked was the Silent Hill movie that came
out this week.
Of course we have been talking and talking about this movie for a long time hyping this up on the show
Loki did it deliver did it disappoint? What'd you think? Well their excuse was um that they couldn't figure out what was going on the plot
I don't know. I
Seemed critics seemed pretty straightforward to me. I don't know
Yeah, see it didn't
I I think the plot was when of course we're trying to make this spoiler free
So let's be good and not spoil this for anybody because not everybody's seen this but I think the plot
It is open to interpretation, especially at the end, because there have been arguments
on LiveJournal back and forth between me and other people on what the ending really represents,
and does it mean one thing versus another thing.
I think any movie that can get you to talk about it long after you've seen it is a good
movie.
I think movies are things you should be able to talk about.
There are movies of different entertainment values.
movies like you know take Terminator okay that's just bang bang shoot him up
there's nothing to really talk about that's a different type of entertainment
yeah but you know Silent Hill was a different type of film what do you think
though overall you like it didn't like it it was okay it was okay yeah I is
cool I don't know I've really watched that many video game movies so I can't
really say if it's no better or worse than any of them but I would I would say
It's definitely we're seeing it's not bad and it's I think it's pretty good actually even for just a horror movie. It was pretty good
My whole complaint the whole movie is just towards the end. It's a little weird
It's like the second half of the second half starts to fizzle out for me to be honest
What I want to know why wasn't pyramid heads name in the closing credits because he was the fucking star of the movie
Honestly, I realized he was only in like two three scenes, but he stole the movie
He really did you anybody you didn't even have to play the games to know that that pyramid thing is
The scariest thing in the whole movie
I mean seriously cuz you know
I think a lot of you guys have heard about one scene in particular
But I won't say it to spoil it for you guys, but that's not the only like scary moment
I mean, there's another scene that's just like really freaky and I'll tell you what the sound
When pyramid head walks and the sword scraping on the ground
like it was just awesome that was pretty cool I thought that the monsters were
done very well it was very very true to you know the whole storyline so that's
good it was just it was it was well done it wasn't like some crappy you know it's
just a really crappy movie right what do you think best video game movie ever um
well I don't know I mean after all double dragon was pretty good it was it
was um so far is pretty good I wouldn't I don't know if it's gonna be the best
ever but um I liked it it was definitely a very strong start who cares if the
critics don't like it most of the critics didn't know what they were
talking about and we're comparing just saying stupid stuff granted the dialogue
sucked okay yeah the dialogue was my biggest problem with a movie we'll give
them that the plot not being able to be understood it was pretty straightforward
me I was even looking at it in a sense how how could you confuse this I didn't
know I was nearly as bad as critics me I don't I don't understand how they could
be confused at that stuff I personally think they didn't try or this didn't
care something somebody said in my life journal which you know had me thinking a
little bit was the dialogue intentionally bad to be like the games
maybe there were there were some parts that was like
huh why is why is this like
me it seemed like part of the game then there is even some things they're saying
that was like puzzle solving like the game
yeah a little bit stuff so there is it I don't think that's appropriate for a
movie I understand there's that certain fanservice to like make it feel like the
game
but come on pyramid head was fanservice okay pyramid head was not in the
original Silent Hill
but they made it work in the movie and it was phenomenal and it just makes you
want more Pyramid Head
so that was fan service I didn't need the movie to feel like the video game to
be I mean in in in a way it did feel like the game
in everything outside of dialogue like the the fog
ambience and the characters were very Silent Hill and the monsters were
awesome and you know all that stuff I think it was just
it was cool I would have liked to have seen less of
The cult stuff towards the end and more of just the beginning movie. They took the beginning the movie kind of
Doubled that that would have been a really good move. Tell me that siren thing. Isn't the freakiest thing though. I was awesome
It was cool
Yeah, it's just I don't know
All right
I think the first monsters that you see were I thought were the scariest but they're at least the creepiest
I mean, but I don't know that's just me. I and again just for my thoughts
I wasn't like OMG best movie ever and the movie wasn't without its you know, pretty big flaws
But I thought it was good and you know, it's really violent
It totally delivers on the violence and blood and gore thing and it's pretty freaky. It's a different type of scare
It's not slasher movies scary. It's like
WTF question mark exclamation point scary. That's the type of movie you're gonna get so I think it's a good time
It's where it's worth your money at least a matinee if you're too poor to do the you know
$9 $10, you know at night which oh my gosh was what like 1050 to go see the movie
I think no 1025 a ticket because we bought the fandango thing which is you know makes it even more money
Yeah, sucky. We don't even live in that expense. I mean if you if we'd seen it in San Francisco, New York City
LA would have been even more
Kind of sad. All right
Anyway, also joining us tonight. Say hello to make sure the mics on over there the 23rd magus also known as Andrew
Yeah, it's been a while. It has been a little while since you've been on the program
Not much else to say about it
Just been away for a long time. Sorry your volumes been pretty bad. I'm just suggesting on the fly there. All right
How's this? They're much better. All right, awesome. Sounds good
So you used to come on the show a lot back in the old days when we weren't doing the podcast thing when we were
Just like a live only thing. Yeah
it was big fun. It was a good time. Back when the show wasn't like kind of crappy like it
is now when it was just plain crappy back in the day. It was broke down ghetto Bamani
radio. Exactly. Well we don't do the Bamani thing. Well I mean we do. We have big music
game thing now. We actually have a special guest tonight who is a big part of music games.
Not Bamani but music games. And we still definitely do our tribute once in a while to music games
but we try to think everything. Yeah, we think as a whole.
Yeah. We're video game fans first, music games is just a subset of that.
Because if we only talked about music games, we wouldn't be able to talk about Silent Hill or
Final Fantasy or Katamari. If you're into music games, though, you should definitely pick up this
month's official PlayStation magazine. They have demos for
Rez, Amplitude, Guitar Man, and
some other game, I don't remember. Uh-huh.
Aren't all these games kinda old? Yeah, they're doing some feature on music games or something.
Somehow I think they got reprinted. I managed to pick up Rez and Guitarman.
They were marketed as used at a local GameStop.
Yes, I don't know. They've been having a lot of the
older games just suddenly popping up on shelves everywhere.
I have no idea why. You know, Rez would make a good PSP game.
It would. Alright, speaking of games, I'd like to start off the show with a little bit of
how was your gaming week? What kind of stuff have you been playing? What have you
been into? Loki, start us off.
I've been playing, well mainly today, I've been playing Mutant Storm Reloaded or whatever that is, and that game is pretty cool.
I'm trying to go through the, what was it, it's not the adventure mode, the other one.
one anyways so I was trying to get up there I'm like rank 2445 or something
now because I I actually have to play through the game I didn't realize you
get more points we played on black belt and stuff so I've been playing everything
I'm up through like oh man I want to say like 65 on yellow belt and then I'm just
starting to replay them all again on Black Belt. The difficulty gets friggin' annoying
just in some of the games. But I'm getting there, so it should turn out pretty well.
And then, I've been playing Burnout again today, and that game I really don't like the
rubber band AI. It's really pissing me off. For example, I crashed one of the cars into
the wall. And I'm in first place, about to beat everything. All of a sudden they spawn
the car in front of me on the other side of like this jump and so I crashed into
the car and then they win I'm like what the fuck was that and so it's just
ridiculous stuff like that the other thing I've been playing of course we
started doing team games in Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories and this is
where the game starts to fall apart not necessarily in the fact that team games
suck on it because team games are really fun and actually kind of made the whole
game new again, it's just that the programming that they did for the team games is so horrible
that you cannot, most of the time you can't get them to work. In fact, a lot of times
they'll spawn and you'll be a ball instead of a player, and you'll have to reboot the
whole thing, the whole thing will crash. So, you know, big fuck you to Rockstar for really
dropping a ball and programming the multiplayer in this game, it just completely makes it
unplayable sometimes. So, it's weird, because we have six players team games and it won't
work, but if you do six players just one-on-one, you know, everyone for themselves, it works
fine.
So, that doesn't make any sense at all, but, I don't know, I hope they fix this in the
next one.
Otherwise, someone's gonna need to be punched in the face.
And then, other than that, haven't really played too much else.
I tried playing a little bit more Rubble Roses XX and, I don't know, I'm gonna try playing
through the game just to get some more achievement points.
about it but you know and yeah that's pretty much it all right I've been
playing a couple games this week I checked out brain age on the DS train
your brain in minutes a day it's it's different it's not your typical kind of
game I think if you're going in expecting some type of 20 hours to be
type you know start to finish game you're gonna be a little bit
disappointed that's not the point behind brain training basically what it is is
that you've got a lot of little games like mini games
that you play and it's supposed to get you thinking it's supposed to get your
brain moving it's like brain exercises essentially
for instance one of the game is do 20 math problems as fast as you can
I know that sounds a little cheesy but it's actually kinda fun you know to like
get your brain moving and you have to be
a little bit nerdy I think to like it though because if you're just like
if you're like ew math you're probably not gonna get as big of a thrill out of it
which is cool because it recognizes your handwriting although if you have
crappy handwriting like me, you're gonna have some problems. For instances, I write
my eights. I don't write a big curve, like a big loop. I write two
little circles is how I've always written my eight. I know that makes me
sound retarded, but examine the way you write real fast. I bet you I'm not the
only one that does this. In fact, I know I'm not, because another person complained
about having the same problem. It picks up my eights zeros constantly, so I
had to force myself to write eights the way you're supposed to do it, so that was
tricky. The other problem the game has is with voice recognition there's another
game where
what you're supposed to do is that the name of a color will show up on the
screen like it'll say
red but then word will actually be written
either in the same color or a different color and you're supposed to say not the
word
but the color that the word is written in so it like messes with you a little
bit because even though it might say red
it's in black text you have to say black so you get either red
black yellow or blue well here's the thing the DS has a real hard time
recognizing
recognizing me saying blue like I'll say blue and it goes try again
blue try again blue and it still doesn't work and I'm not the only one that had
this problem my roommate had this problem I've listened to other people
review this game have the same problem
I have the fix for you this is how to get the game to recognize what you're
saying
because and I know this is gonna sound really wrong it's gonna sound really
really wrong
but it works if you don't believe me try it
instead of saying blue say brew
and it works. Just change your L's to an R
and it works. Why am I somehow not surprised? That is completely racist.
You know what? Do it. If you're having problems with the game,
recognize you saying blue. Try
brew brew brew and it'll work. It completely worked for me. It has not
misread me saying blue once yet.
ever since I started talking. I thought Phoenix Wright not recognizing objection was bad.
Exactly.
Alright, so the game is fun. It kinda reminds me of those old puzzle
books that you can get at the supermarket like games magazine I think
was one that would always have little puzzles in it
and the penny press and all those little things. If you like those types of things because
Sudoku is in the game too and you know Sudoku is really big in those magazines
I think you're really gonna like this. And I think it's just kind of a
it's really a groundbreaking game because you know it's been advertised in
Time magazine
and they're showing it on TV in these different style commercials
I think they're really trying to reach a different audience with this game so it's going to be
very interesting to see how well this game does
because they are not trying to reach your typical gamer and I'll tell you
most
typical gamers quote-unquote probably not the folks that listen to this show
but like when I say gamers like those that play like Madden and Halo shoot
em ups
exclusively that don't play a lot of their stuff probably aren't gonna like
this
this is definitely geared towards a different audience but I think it's a
good investment
twenty dollars is a pretty good price for a DS game
and you know what, eh, you get Sudoku which is you know really popular and all that
stuff even though it's a little bit overrated
it'll keep you busy for a long time or just buy it used when it
you know you'll probably see it used in a few weeks. For fifteen. Yeah.
So I got my, I would like to say I got my brain age down to 21
which is really as low as you can go as 20, but the first time I tested because it had
problems picking up blue,
I had to go BRU BRU. My brain age was like 54 or something the first time, it was kinda
sad. Anyway, heading on over to
www.orangelaundryradio.com, click on chat to hear from
our chatters. Let's see, DidYouLoseASock says
I'm dyslexic and I write all my letters backwards. The letters don't appear
backwards. I start and finish writing a letter different than normal people.
So, yeah, those of you that have a different style of writing things might be in for a
shock.
Now, I write my A's kind of funny.
I don't write my A's like most people do.
Most people do like an O with a tail.
I draw mine like a printed letter A, like an upside down E. That's how I write my A's.
And the game recognizes that, so at least I have that.
The game isn't totally stupid, but some of you guys that have weird handwriting things
are going to have some challenges there, so be careful.
Black Wolf, who also does a show over there on all games radio, Black Wolf says Sudoku
is just the side game, it's not part of the main brain age gameplay.
No, it's not a part of the main gameplay, but it does kind of fit along with that same
theme of exercise your brain, and when you go into it, it says Sudoku is a great way
to exercise the cortex part of your brain, all that stuff.
Even though it's like a side game, it fits into the same idea, so it's a little bonus.
Which makes the advertising of the game appropriate, I have that little sticker that says Sudoku
included.
Also the other game I played, this might surprise you, I love Final Fantasy XI, you know this,
I talk about it a lot on this program, I've invested far too many hours into this game,
it's an MMO that sucked away my life.
I'm going to give Final Fantasy XI on Xbox 360 a negative review.
Here's why, Final Fantasy XI on 360 is not going to work for your typical Xbox 360 gamer.
I feel like I have to give this a negative review because your typical 360 gamer is going
to get so pissed off trying to play this game because there are so many hurdles that you
have to clear.
And for a PC gamer, which is where I started the game, it's okay.
And for PlayStation 2, which didn't really have a good front end like Xbox Live, it worked
out okay to have that whole play online thing.
But for Xbox, where people are so used to being able to just go online and play right
away, this whole play online hurdle is a pain in the ass.
And I understand it's necessary to get the game to be compatible with PC and PlayStation
2.
I'm not an idiot.
I know why it's there.
It really cripples the game.
I'm telling you, you cannot turn on this game and just go and play.
It takes literally, I'm going to time it.
We're going to put a video up on the website.
I'm going to time it and show you that it takes well over a minute from the time you
turn on your Xbox for you to actually log into the game.
That is really annoying.
I'm sorry, there's no easy way to just get in there and go.
You've got to go through that ugly play online thing, which really, they need some type of
quick button or something where I just go right into Final Fantasy 11 and start
with my primary character or something. Here's the other thing I was so excited
to play Final Fantasy 11 on my HDTV because you know widescreen and don't
get me wrong the game is very very pretty and it looks very nice is very
colorful the text is blurry the text is blurry on an HDTV you cannot make out
the number of hit points my character has in the corner yes I've tried
adjusting my TV settings contrast brightness all that stuff I didn't have
to adjust it for any other Xbox game I own and even in adjusting it I can't get
it to look the way it does on my computer it's annoying I couldn't
believe it so I even though I might once in a while play Final Fantasy 11 on my
Xbox 360 and I'm kind of screwed where I can't take it back really I don't I
can't recommend this game because I think people that play Xbox 360 that want
to get into role-playing games are honestly going to want something more like Oblivion.
Yes, Andrew?
Speaking of which, how many massive RPGs does the Xbox 360 have?
I can name one, Oblivion.
That's it.
Well, no, no.
Oblivion is not a massive game.
I know.
It's just a massive RPG.
Okay, sorry.
Huge RPG, not massively multiplayer.
Just huge RPG.
Right.
Personally, I don't think the Xbox 360 caters to that type of gamer, at least not yet.
I mean, I've done a little bit of lurking on forums for the 360 version of Final Fantasy
And these people who have played the demo are just pissed off that it's not the fast
type of game that they're used to, like say Halo.
It's not what the people who would buy a 360 would typically enjoy, so the community might
take a hit on that.
And also the thing that we should all be pissed off about, other than the fact, granted it's
not $60, it's still $50, which is still way too much, the fact that they didn't do anything
with it. The graphics don't look any better, the resolutions aren't any higher, it's just
me. There are, I'll tell you some perks. You can do custom soundtracks with Xbox 360, which
is kind of neat, you know, I'll tell you. You can do custom soundtracks with the PC
too, remember? That doesn't involve hacking. It's not as seamless, it's not as seamless,
it's not as easy. Yes, you can do custom soundtracks, it's not as seamless, you know, it's any idiot
can press the guide button and get custom soundtracks from CDs they've ripped or their
computer if they took a little extra effort.
And you know the fact that you could do live chat in the whole Xbox 360
interface is
kinda neat, although I imagine most PC players are already doing Ventrilo
anyway, so it doesn't matter,
but you know that's... I think the price is actually right because
considering you get the expansion with the game
and everything, I think the price is fair. I think fifty dollars is a fair price for
the game.
I've been reading stories on the internet where people are pissed off
that there's an extra $12.95 fee to go with the game.
It's an MMO, dumbass. Seriously.
I couldn't believe it. I don't know if I was reading on Joystiq or Kotaku.
Yeah, it was just some retard that didn't realize.
It says right on the box in the upper left hand corner, required internet connection, monthly fee.
It says right on the box in small print.
Come on, dumbass. You're playing an MMO. Name me.
Come on, like you're telling me that Grand Theft Auto doesn't have, you know, that has
violence in it?
I didn't know that, it wasn't like it was on the box or anything.
You get these kind of idiots all the damn time is the problem.
Name me, name me three popular MMOs that don't charge a monthly fee.
Anarchy Online, Guild Wars, oooh, I said name three, gotcha.
I don't think Second Life counts.
I don't know, and I'm saying popular, okay?
But you know, it is very popular, but you buy merchandise there.
I am actually more thinking Anarchy Online, I don't think is as popular as some of those
others.
Yeah, Anarchy Online shows.
So, you know, just kind of saying there, there's not a lot of games that don't have a monthly
fee, MMOs.
You look at any of the big ones, World of Warcraft, I can name the third one, RuneScape.
It sucks, but it's popular.
Or Ragnarok on pirated servers, which is what most people are doing.
I guess I forgot to mention. Oh god, now the chat room is just flooding there.
Guild Wars. Yeah, I already said Guild Wars. Maplestory. Oh, I forgot about Maplestory.
Alright, so maybe there's a few. But come on, the popular ones,
World of Warcraft, Lineage, EverQuest,
Final Fantasy, they all have monthly fees. Guild Wars is probably the most popular
one that doesn't have a monthly fee.
And Guild Wars is a good game. I like Guild Wars. But anyway, I just, I can't believe that some guy
I was stupid did not think there was gonna be this extra monthly fee even
Fantasy star online on the Xbox had a monthly fee and it's a bitch to cancel might I add
They will not just stop billing you and you stop playing. It's it's pretty annoying
Anyway, so I'm sorry
I think the only way folks are gonna like this game on 360 is if they know what they're in for and there's probably Final
Fantasy 11 fans all ready to write me an angry email. Okay. Well, look I play Final Fantasy a lot, too
I knew what I was kind of in for on the Xbox, but I'm trying to look at this as a game that people who have an Xbox 360 and maybe have never played an MMO before,
because Microsoft fans really probably haven't played an MMO before.
If you're exclusively an Xbox or Xbox 360 owner, you probably haven't played an MMO before, unless you've played Phantasy Star.
But you certainly haven't played anything about Final Fantasy XI.
This is not the most user-friendly introduction of these games.
It's probably going to turn a lot of people off to it in the future.
Did you know that the day the game came out, they had a major problem as well, where the content IDs weren't working?
So you couldn't even play until like 9 o'clock Pacific Standard Time in the evening, which is like midnight East Coast time.
So that first of your 30 free days was a wash for most people.
Well, I can't exactly say that Final Fantasy XI is exactly newbie friendly. It is a very hardcore MMO to start out with.
Alright, I like this.
Chatroom comments here, BlackWolf again says, Dear Sky, your review made me a sad panda.
Love Sephiroth 420 rules.
If you think MMOs with people named Sephiroth are bad, log into Final Fantasy some time.
You'll see Sephiroth and Sephiroth, you'll see Tidus and what's, Yuna.
una, unia, unis, unilesca, uni...
Change one letter from a popular character and you got it.
Everything, everything. Alright so
sorry guys I think the only way I would recommend Final Fantasy 11 on Xbox 360 to you
is if you've played it on another system and you already know what you're in for
because you better be patient. You better make sure you have a USB keyboard.
And if you don't believe me a timed video will be coming to OLRPSP.com very
soon.
You should see the installation time, let alone...
It was an hour to install and then that doesn't even count the patching.
I remember the beta and then trying to find how to take the beta off the
hard drive. That was great. You know what though? On PC it didn't bother me because I
expect that type of thing from PC games.
That's why I think Final Fantasy 11 is a great game on PC and I think it's
passable on PlayStation 2
because PlayStation 2 doesn't have any nice Xbox Live type service
so I think people you know had to expect something like that. But Xbox 360
People are going to be in for a shock.
Okay, I'm done.
I don't want to talk about Final Fantasy XI anymore.
Andrew, what have you been playing?
How was your gaming week?
Oh, how was my gaming year?
No.
No, just this week.
All right, all right.
I've been getting into guitar here a little bit more.
I've got two more songs to go on Expert.
Just can't pass Bark of the Moon or Cowboys from Hell, but it's been a lot of progress.
I've been playing World of Warcraft, happily almost 57 Rogue on Maelstrom, doing a couple
Blackrock Depths runs, 2 of 8 on Shadowcraft, trying to get myself into high-end raiding
guild once I hit 60.
Been playing some res, trying to get into that, can't pass level 5, but the game is
just uber trippy, I'm ashamed of myself that I didn't get into it the first time it came
around.
Actually there's not much else that I can really say about how was my week, but World
World of Warcraft is awesome and is getting better all the time.
Just waiting bated breath for the expansion.
There's still a little bit of controversy about what the new Alliance race is going
to be for the expansion.
There's all sorts of camps going around.
Some people say Ogres, some people say Dranae.
I'm personally hoping for Dranae because they have more of a vendetta against the raid
boss of the expansion.
I still want the panda people.
Pandarins?
Yeah.
Pandarins probably won't make it.
I know, but I still want it.
Oh yeah.
Isn't it nice to want?
Hopefully they'll announce some NPCs, Pandarins, over in Outland.
You think we'll find out at E3?
You think Blizzard's just sitting on it for E3 now?
I know that they were definitely holding out on it until April Fool's Day so they could
unveil the fictional Alliance race as a joke, and they unveiled Wisps with Herma and Death.
But I think definitely they're going to go for an E3.
I'm expecting probably a November release for Burning Crusade.
So E3 is probably when we're going to find out about the new Alliance race.
They don't want to keep us waiting forever, I hope.
All right, well, just looking at some more comments in our chat room here over at orange
orangelandtrader.com click on chat you will bow to me says 50% of MMO names
have Sephiroth in them the other 50% have 420 in them that's very true let's
see what was who said the thing about 69 Oh DJ poo eater says 69 is always a
popular name to use as well so very what are other popular MMO names I see all
the time yeah Lego loss is not like it is always rest damn our name Lego loss
Anyway, we're going to move on, get into some gaming news this week, and first to start
off we're going to talk about release dates, right Loki?
Of course.
Loki got some more release dates he wants to share with you guys, remember that these
are all tentative, but first, if you still don't believe us on these release date things,
like two things got confirmed this week.
First off, Nintendo Power's recent issue, their cover, and what's on the cover of the
latest Nintendo Power?
Castlevania, Portrait of Whatever.
Portrait of Ruin for those people that said Orange Lounge Radio is pulling that name out
of their ass.
Nope, there it is, confirmed by Nintendo Power.
Portrait of Ruin.
And then what was the other thing?
There was the Tony Hawk game you mentioned like a month ago?
Tony Hawk Downhill Jam, it was part of the Destination PlayStation news I did on those
mini podcasts that we had, and apparently no one paid attention to any of that stuff
because they just released all that same info as new this week, including-
Or a no-name site, remember.
including was it the PSP 50 cent game, the Aragon game, let me see what was on my list
here. The Marvel Ultimate Alliance which I think at the time I was calling it Marvel
Legends, that was the working name. And what else was there? Oh, the gun for PSP. What
else do we have here? I don't know. I think that was pretty much all the major stuff that
they were talking about. Oh, Miami Vice, they were talking about that coming out. Well,
let me reaffirm a few more things since I said them before and now people are starting
to listen a little bit. Here's a few more that they still have not mentioned. Okay,
so, granted we have Tony Hawk. These are all new this week or? Well, this is stuff I said
before. Okay. Okay, so before we said Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam for the revolution, okay,
Okay well that's still coming, Marvel Ultimate Alliance is coming on the revolution probably
at launch so that should be good.
We're also having on the PSP Pimp My Ride the Game, remember I said this before, Pimp
My Ride the Game coming to the Xbox 360 and PSP among other joy and rapture.
So remember that, Pimp My Ride the Game coming, Call of Duty is going to be coming to the
PSP at some point as well and of course, you know call duty 3 on the ps3 and Xbox 360
You know, that's not a big surprise there. But I tell us the new ones already
I want to hear the new ones that you posted this week on the site. No one noticed. Okay. Well anyways
The ones I posted I'd
Start off with I toy play 3
Which is coming out. Okay, get to the good stuff
Okay, SOCOM Combined Assault, this was also announced on other sites too.
They're talking about this game coming out and that's actually supposed to be coming
out on November 15th.
Gangs of London, which is the getaway series spinoff, that's coming also on November 15th.
SOCOM Fireteam Bravo 2, also on the 15th on the PSP.
The next Ratchet and Clank game coming to the PSP, that's actually in 2007 on Valentine's
And the day after that, God of War 2 will be coming out on February 15th, which is awesome.
And there are some sports games as well, NBA 07 coming out in October on PS2.
Rogue Galaxy on October 4th.
And then if you're an ATV fan, ATV Offroad Fury 4 coming out on Playstation 2 September 27th.
and ATV Offroad Fury Pro on the PSP on October 18th, which is going to be pretty cool.
Then, from Square Enix, we have Valkyrie Profile Lenith coming out on July 19th.
Not that far away.
The week before that though, Final Fantasy VII Dirge of Service coming out in the United
States on July 12th.
And Final Fantasy XII for the United States, September 12th.
September 12th is the lucky day, right?
September 12th.
Now, but of course, release dates always subject to change, especially with Squeenix.
Yeah, so this is what is currently, stuff could move around, but this is going to be
the information everyone has right now until we hear otherwise.
Well good job, Loki, keep your ears out there for any other release dates coming up to E3.
Was it, I think in September, Lego Star Wars 2, the original trilogy is coming out.
That was the other one I thought was kind of cool.
But I'm just saying, you know, we had a lot of this stuff from Destination PlayStation.
See no one was reporting on it because no one went to Destination PlayStation.
It's only a retail only event.
Well keep your ears out there in the retail scene so we can, you know, before people catch
on that, you know, that's where we're getting our news.
Anyway, letís get into some other news tonight, talk about games that are officially announced
by the company, even though we all knew it was coming.
Guitar Hero 2 was officially announced, itís going to be coming out.
Guitar Hero 2 was announced earlier, I guess a press conference or something like that
by Red Octane, and of course thereís even a little interview that you can look at over
on IGN, they have a whole little thing going on there, and theyíre going to be able to
do the lead guitar, rhythm guitar, and bass guitar, and so they have it separated into
all those different tracks as well, and there's going to be, I guess, the multiplayer as well
where you can kind of do the separate things going on.
I'm just going to really quickly derail this train.
Before anyone starts calling this innovative, let me remind you Guitar Freaks has been doing
this for years with the whole bass track, in a way, in a way.
55 songs are supposed to be in the game, they're saying also more difficult songs for folks
that have mastered the original, and of course the multiplayer co-op, which I also hinted
at before, that will be coming as well.
No song hints, but we're imagining there's going to be a demo at E3 that ought to give
some of that away.
That and they're also saying that now that they're able, that it's had such a success
with the original, they're able to get bigger name bands now.
Before they were like, huh, so maybe a multi-platform at some point would be nice, but don't hold
your breath because that means I have to do new controllers, but we'll see. Of course
it will work with the old controller, they're not going to screw you into getting a new
controller, which is good news I'm sure. So, we shall see. I'm hoping for some Guar myself,
I would love to see that in Guitar Hero, complete with the costumed people, like, you know,
crowd surfing and all that would be hot. Loki, another confirmation of something I believe
we rumored last week, correct? Yeah, Sony's actually lowered the price of the PS2 down
to $129.99 retail.
And that's not really much of a surprise.
And it's effective as of last week, basically.
And hopefully there's going to be more price cuts coming later.
Maybe one for the 360, that was one other rumor that came out this week.
But definitely worth checking out.
Also, since the day did drop the price of that, you might be able to find the used one
for even cheaper than that. Maybe $99. So, if you still haven't gotten a PlayStation
2 or want another one, I'd probably recommend doing that. Since it seems like they're going
to be supporting PlayStation 2 for a while. Awesome. So, no $99 yet, though, huh? Give
it time. You've got probably Christmas around PS3 launch. About the time. You know what's
interesting, though? $129 is also the cost of a DS, because I lost that bet with Extifer.
was six months since we'd made a bet, and I had to buy his DS today, and that's how
much I paid for it, $129.
So, DS will cost you just as much as a Playstation.
That is until the next DS price drop, which I'm sure is maybe around the time the light
comes out?
I don't know, probably.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Big, big rumor going around this week is from a site, pro-g.co.uk, is Xbox Live Arcade going
to get MAME games as well as SEGA games, that could be very interesting.
There is a Microsoft source, but of course they can't say who, that says, quote, Xbox
Live Arcade has seen some pretty serious deal-making in this first quarter, it's been a real priority.
The deal-making has been a no-brainer for everyone we've spoken to, and aside from a
few licensing issues with existing products, Xbox Live Arcade is going to smash Nintendo's
virtual console to pieces.
Keep in mind that's coming from a Microsoft source, so it's a little bit biased.
Here the quote goes on, I think this is interesting, you've heard of MAME, right?
We're just doing a legal version of MAME, meaning that all the game owners get paid
and the users get quality product based around a community.
Imagine the biggest arcade in the world just a thousand times bigger.
It'll have as many machines as we can possibly get, all with score rankings and other community
stuff.
It's not a secret that MAME was massive for hackers of the original Xbox and the pull
and sales of retro game packs on current machines is still really high.
If this is taken and put under the right noses, it should become the biggest thing in mainstream
hardcore gamer crossover in the industry.
They're also saying that Sega is going to jump on board.
Sega games will be included in a major way.
It's a surprising addition to the deal and will include games that Nintendo will also
be selling.
The Nintendo deal, not exclusive.
Again, take that with a big grain of salt there.
The main thing is a little hard for me to get.
Like I can see maybe using some of the same code, I just couldn't see them calling it
MAME on the Xbox.
No, it's not.
Hello, they've already got arcade games on there.
They're the same thing.
I mean, look, Gauntlet, Smash TV, Robotron.
But those games take a little extra that MAME doesn't.
I mean, because those games have co-op and they have, you know, the Xbox Live achievements
and rankings and things that MAME doesn't exactly have programmed into it.
I think it'd be stupid for them to put like thousands of games on there.
I mean I just I don't because I think that's what Nintendo plans to do slowly, but surely. I don't know I
Mame doesn't seem very like a good way to do it. I
Just I think the idea is there like they're gonna be bringing more arcade games
Maybe I don't think they're gonna call I don't think it's called Mame and I'm not gonna set up under name
I don't know, but that's you know again this be I
I know what it's like and you know what it's like to be on the other side when
you're the site reporting the rumor and have everybody going, oh you guys are
live.
So I don't, you know, I don't know. I think the Sega thing is true. I don't see
why that wouldn't be true.
It makes complete sense to me. Eh, whatever. As long as they put good games on there
where, you know,
where's all my gals' kind of games? That's what we need on Xbox Live Arcade.
Problem for Microsoft though, people are still going to use MAME.
people are still going to hack their Xboxes and put MAME on there
people are still going to use MAME on their PCs most people are still going to do that
most people probably have a 360 probably own a PC
and they'll be like wow MAME on my 360 now I think I'll just play it for free
wait a minute though wait a minute because Gauntlet is still a great selling game
because many of those people are also achievement point whores
so they will buy the game to get 200 achievement points or however many they
can squeeze out of it
huh? yeah by the way
getting achievement points out of Xbox Live arcade games
it's retarded because it's freaking hard comments from our chatroom orange launch
radio click on chat point ratio sucks
Phoenix Rising says I want Neo Geo on live and also says blaster master for
live
that's a good one. Fireboma says the Simpsons arcade game is a classic
that's something that definitely should be on
Xbox Live that would be awesome. Well they're talking about the Ninja Turtles game
Maybe. Ooh, that'd be cool. We shall see.
Alright, uh, moving on, going to the next topic. Loki!
Anyways, um, I can't believe Mame
frickin' retarded. Anyways,
um, so yes, there's this whole thing
that was actually out in one of my nice retail industry magazines talking about
this
brand-new Microsoft portable system that is in the works right now.
Codename the X-Player. It's expected to
arrive in 2007, possibly something they announce at E3.
Anyways, the X-Player is in development in Redmond, Washington according to
Dean Takahashi, author of the upcoming
Spiderworks Press book, The Xbox 360 Uncloaked.
Takahashi previously wrote Inside the Xbox for Prima, basically it has good sources inside
Microsoft.
Basically they're kind of confirming the original rumor saying that Jay Allard and his team
behind Xbox Live is working on a system that will actually play games, movies, and music
basically kind of like a PSP killer. And you know, I guess we'll probably be hearing more
about this. They're talking about maybe working, that Microsoft's also working on their own
digital distribution service, code named Alexandria, which will link the ex-player with this kind
of iTunes-like store. I don't know. Interesting. But it says that Microsoft recently signed
to deal with Epic Records, which is to bring their music exclusively to Xbox Live, actually
their music videos.
I think we've been seeing that actually with the stuff that they've had on Live right now.
So it should be interesting, but this is coming straight out of, well, not a magazine most
people would be reading, but let's see here.
media retailing for all those wonderful video retailers out there sorry I have
my mic on it as I say interesting is that just another fancy name for the
origami because that's what our cat room seems to think no it's not the origami
something completely different hasn't come out yet 2007 for this and this is
something that I've heard earlier was being worked on so if you're looking for
a bomb to be dropped at e3 here it is interesting you know I find it
interesting that in every article like that it says it's going to be a PSP
killer they're gonna compete directly with Sony you notice they're not
Microsoft haven't tried to compete directly with Nintendo whether they
think Nintendo is just beneath them or just not on the league they always try
to go for the brute force approach and we'll try to help out power the other
systems because Microsoft's trying to create Trojan horse entertainment system
that's basically gonna get into your house you buy the 360 because you want
games on it, but oh look now it also records TV, oh look now I can download videos from
the internet, oh look now I can download movies from the internet, and oh look now it's the
center of my entertainment in my household.
Basically kind of what Sony's doing also except being less shady, well I don't know less shady
about it, but you know slightly less shady about it.
That's what they kind of want to do with the PSP because well the PSP UMD movies sucked
and that didn't really take off, but this whole you know e-distribution thing that they're
playing on doing with the PSP, well sure Microsoft wants to get a piece of that action, I mean
why not?
They think that they can defeat Sony in the console world, why not try to defeat them
in the handheld market, and to be honest they don't really see the Nintendo DS as a threat
because it's not playing movies or music or anything like that, so it's just a gaming
system.
Well you've got two companies who market their products as able to do everything, and they
have one apparently backwards little company that just wants to play games.
Well I'm glad it can do everything. To be honest though, it doesn't do everything very well.
It plays music. The internet browser is kinda eh.
And to be honest, it doesn't really support... Unless you're browsing olrpsp.com, which it looks
awesome on. It's a great website.
But anyways, it's just... it's not very easy to browse with, let me put it that way.
You can use it. It's great if you're... Not enough people design just for the PSP.
I think there's a lot
to be milked out at the PSP. And I think you're going to see some pretty innovative things
coming soon. Wink wink nudge nudge.
Oh yeah. Anyway, and then yeah, we have comments from our chat room. Jaded2006
says,
OLR PSP looks awesome on Firefox. Well look,
we don't design it for Firefox. Speaking of which, OLR PSP does have a brand new video
that I've uploaded.
Straight from the bachelor party is me playing
Mario Kart GP and to be honest, what you see on the video
is all I remember of it because I don't remember actually playing the game
I've just watched the videos. Gizm just asked about that in chat. That video is
up. It just went up before the show started tonight, the Mario Kart video, so
check that out.
Did you lose a sock? Comment from our chat room.
You can't have the origami in the X-player. Microsoft is backing the
origami or the UMPC so much. Why would they back both?
Because that one's a PC. This is an actual
video game console interesting
other comments in the chat room you will bow to me says fifty dollars says the
ex-playa will be the size of a fuckin brick
and a spirit snare says sixty dollars the ex-playa will be big
play on the word big there like big as in
you know yeah here's my other question is what will g4 think of this
who cares because it has explained well fire bomb it thinks it'll be the great
repetitive jokes and sarcasm for Morgan Webb and Adam Sessler trying to piss you
off more and more
until you get better just as you can stop playing. But you know what? We're complete.
You know what? I forgot who's gonna dominate the market.
The brand new, um... Phantom? No, not the Phantom.
The Phantom's gone. N-Gage 2.0? Yes, the brand new N-Gage.
And their big, their booth that's in the middle, the front of the door,
doorway there when you walk into E3. When you walk into E3 this year, if you're walking into, what,
South Hall? Is that South Hall?
Yeah. The bigger one? Right when you walk into South Hall, guess what the first booth is you're gonna see?
the pile of crap no it's a big smelly engage booth big smelly engage booth all
right I'll bring your hazmat suits oh yes Loki dark soccer and I are going to
e3 this year and we will be bringing you extensive coverage you don't even know
what we've got planned for you guys is you you're just gonna be I really hope
you guys to satisfy what we're bringing you this year we're bringing you more
than daily podcast this year let's just put it this way yeah it's gonna be great
we're excited all right moving on let's see wanted to go to this story this is
something that's been floating around the internet it originally started over
at IGN again people feel the need to put together top 10 list but this one's a
little bit funny it's a top 10 worst in-game quotes of all time before I read
any off the list what would you guys think die monster you don't belong in
this world die monster from Castlevania what do you think Loki the truck have
started the truck have started to move from Metal Gear well here it is their
top 10 shine get from Super Mario Sunshine number 9 a winner is you from
pro wrestling number 8 the Donkey Kong rap from Donkey Kong 64 number 7 you
can't give it up triumph or die from Street Fighter alpha 3 number 6 I feel
asleep from Metal Gear yeah number 5 yo gangsta get ready to gang bang from
bust a groove number 4 you were doomed as soon as you lost the ability of the
love from Castlevania symphony of the night number three Jill why don't you
the master of unlocking take this lockpick from Resident Evil number two I
am error from Zelda to the adventures of link and number one all your base are
belong to us of course what about are you enjoy is that that is not on the
list uh the what is that one game on maim sweetie of maim there's nothing
like frying over the jungle or something like that so brad or somebody was showing me that
game not that long ago i'm sure people in the chat room will light up with it or on
email but yeah there's that one too that i think about i see a notable lack of the president
has been kidnapped by ninjas are you a bad enough dude to save the president oh there
you go that's just bad dialogue i'm a bad enough dude i'm surprised that dialogue wasn't
in the silent hill movie oh there was a hole here all right Jill sandwich some
people in the chat room are saying was a better quote from Resident Evil you know
don't don't want to see you in a in a Jill sandwich all right I'm sure you
guys have plenty of additions to that list right IGN tell them you're pissed
um next story Loki yes there's a big e3 email that went out and one things on
there was something mentioning the Revolution.
And what was it, you may ask, well it's going to be a flight game put out by Hudson Soft
and of course we can only speculate what that's going to be like, but it should be fun at
least.
Of course more Revolution stuff going to be shown at E3, playable demos of Red Steel and
that type of thing, but always looking for more innovative stuff, maybe this is the next
pilot wings, now to be honest I don't remember, Hudson's off putting out pilot wings, so doubt
that. Didn't Hudson have something to do though with Smash Brothers Melee? Maybe, I want to
say. That was Hal Labs, not Hudson. Well anyways, basically they said, you know, you're going
to be taking those guys away that you've never experienced before on any home console using
the Revolutions gesture system, which I don't remember what the gesture system is, but I
I imagine it has something to do with the controller, built into their innovative controller.
Hudson's new flight game allows total plane control as players pilot their planes through
various acrobatic flight maneuvers ranging from sky artistry to bomb drops.
They should have like a paper airplane controller attachment or something. Something innovative
There is the part of the show where we would have done the mailbag, however DarkStalker
is not here.
But if you want to send us an email, just send us something over at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We also have a MySpace, and once in a while we'll get a couple emails in there on the
MySpace.
Our MySpace is located at www.myspace.com.
By the way, love in the comments you guys are leaving for us.
We have some pretty funny listeners.
We leave comments on people's journals and we have about four pictures that we cycle
through.
We're trying to add a couple more to be original, but some people have actually been parodying
those pictures and then reposting them back on our MySpace, which has been pretty funny,
so we appreciate that sense of humor.
I'm going to read a message I got here, and I'm not sure the guy's real name, it's Classy
Plastic Lumber, Plastic Lumber is his display name right now.
You guys rock!
But yeah, I've been listening to your show since the PSP got the RSS feature, and I'm
just now trying to listen in live.
I have the Java chat working well, and I'm still working on the live stream, so hopefully
I'll listen in on Sunday, and you should see me in to chat.
And he gives his nickname there, and let me see, did he make it in to chat?
He did not make it in to chat, so unfortunately he failed.
So here's a little help on how to listen to our show live, for those of you guys that
want to do so.
Head on over to www.orangehonortrader.com, and there's actually a little picture with
the Live 365 logo and if you click on that on Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard
Time that's how you can tune into us live.
Keep in mind we actually go live at 5.30 and we can only have 50 slots for people to listen
live.
We only have 50 slots and that's been filling up lately so we're looking at alternatives
on how we can get more slots without having to pay an assload so that's going to be coming
soon hopefully but for right now you want to get in there 5.30 if you're a
diehard 5.30 is really the best time to get in there because that's when we go
live and Dark Sakura prepares a 30-minute pre-show playlist some type of
theme there for you guys to enjoy tonight it was bootylicious music it
was pretty good there was some like old-school 90s rap in there so you can
listen to that and then we're live and we were here from 6 o'clock till about
8 o'clock 830 whenever we finish and then we do a bonus live show called the
after birth which is just it's insanity we don't even really talk about games we
just talk about it's dick and fart jokes and other fun stuff whatever we feel
like so tune in for that it's a good time all right so again if you want to
send us an actual email it's mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and maybe we'll
read some of those on whatever we do next week because I think we're gonna do
like a mini show or something even though we won't be here live and then
definitely we'll get all caught up on that when we come back I want to say May
May 1st is that show? No, I guess it's going to be the one right before E3, May 7th is when we'll be back, it'll be our big E3 preview show, so look forward to that.
Moving on, let's go back over to Loki, who is going to tell us about a very popular series getting a sequel.
Yes, Command & Conquer 3, it's Hiberian Wars.
It's been officially announced by EA.
And basically, you know, kind of picking up where the last game left off.
It takes place in 2047, and will feature the latest in RTS technology.
Also featuring the GDI, the Brotherhood of Nod.
Just looks pretty cool, and I'm a huge Command & Conquer fan.
I really hope they bring it over to the 360.
Especially Red Alert. I love Red Alert.
Anyways, so that should be coming soon. Hopefully we'll see that at E3.
Hope I get to check it out.
It looks pretty cool.
Alright. Oh, it's coming out in 2007 for Windows PC.
Look for that Command & Conquer fan. That's a series I just couldn't get into.
I understand why people love it. It's just a certain genre of game I don't really play.
You know what though, I loved it for a different reason other than the fact that I loved it
because you can customize it because you can actually mod it using this thing called the
rules.ini file and I can make my own custom troops that were really powerful and stuff
and just completely cheat in the game.
But it made it fun because you could do that, you could send that file to somebody else,
play online, and play with those customized troops.
I thought that was really cool, the whole customization part of it, but eh.
Here's another game people are looking forward to, another highly anticipated sequel, Ridge
Racer 7.
It actually seems a little early for this to me because Ridge Racer 6 hasn't been out
very long, but Namco Bandai did announce Ridge Racer 7.
Here's the kind of catch.
It's going to be developed as a banner title for the PlayStation 3.
This was from Famitsu Magazine, so they have some very sexy screenshots there of Ridge
Racer 7.
Now the question is going to be what's going to look better Ridge Racer 6 or Ridge Racer
7?
Because you know...
7 looks a lot better.
I've seen some screenshots of just one of the cars that they showed.
I couldn't tell that that wasn't a real car.
I mean it looked Project Gotham Racing 3-ish.
You know I mean just that much better.
And that's pretty bad if that's a first gen game and they're already doing what Project
Gotham did.
Easy.
I don't know, we'll see. I think it's going to be awesome and I'm looking forward to it.
I didn't see... I loved Ridge Racer 6. Granted they haven't changed anything since Ridge
Racer 4, or even maybe before that, but so what? You know, it's still the same game,
it's good, it's fun. Burnout, they haven't changed anything in Burnout except for the
cars that have bad AI. Not my favorite racer on the 360, but a solid one. And a long, you
respected series. It sort of makes sense that Namco is going full circle with Ridge Racer 7
being a launch title for the PS3. If you think about it, on the PS1, Ridge Racer is a launch
title there, so maybe they're just trying to reconnect to the Sony crowd. Ridge Racer is a
launch title for the PSP as well. All good points. Ridge Racer 7, if you don't agree with our
opinions, you want to judge for yourself, you're going to get your shot E3 in a couple weeks,
even if you aren't going, you know the media will get to the internet somehow. Now, we don't know
if it's going to be a playable title, because we really don't know the status of PlayStation 3
still for sure uh... but there will definitely at least be a trailer and
they're saying it's called Ridge Racer Vision 2010
so check that out that'll be just a couple weeks
we're like what two weeks away? By the way if you do own Ridge Racer 6 for the
360
I swear to god you gotta constantly watch that marketplace
there was more cars to download they they literally have over like sixty
downloads for Ridge Racer 6
and most of them are free
all the cars are free i've downloaded like threesome cars for the saying
i mean it's excellent you really need to check it out if you haven't yet
and by god by now it should be used for pretty cheap i mean it was one large
cells that no one like
it's definitely one of the many guessing no one liked it
okay it was at the very bottom of the list as far as popularity go i thought
uh... i thought and three was the least i don't know and three i think that even
it was number one in japan well number one launch out of japan but interesting
In the United States, it just bombed, which I don't understand, it didn't look bad.
It wasn't like, you know, I thought it was a pretty good game, but it's fine.
It's a solid game, let's put it that way.
Alright, speaking about E3 coming up in a couple weeks, Loki, news is starting to get
out, who's showing what, huge emails went out to the attendees this week, right?
Yes, of course, and they have the big, you know, kind of like showing, basically advertising
some of the new properties that we're going to see there this year.
Some basic ones I've got to mention, Elvion, which is one of the 360 games that looked
really sweet using the Unreal 3 engine, which is interesting.
Desperate Housewives the game, which we mentioned on a different show, which I don't know how
that's going to translate into a game.
One that I thought was kind of funny, Diet Queen, where you had to try dieting, one of
those educational games I guess.
Okay.
Or diet trying.
This one's interesting though.
They're actually creating video game tycoon where you get to be a video game design company
so that one's kind of neat.
That's cute.
Some other things, Bomberman X0.
Oh wait.
We talked about that before.
OG!
Where did I hear that one already?
Rengoku 2.
Yeah we talked about that too.
Funny.
Silent Hill fans will be interested to know that there's going to be a mobile version
coming to cell phones.
Same with Hellboy.
No they won't because cell phone games suck.
Well tell that to the people that own the N-Gage.
Okay.
Cell phone games suck get a real system
Super Pac-Man as being released by Namco which you know, no surprise there. Of course, um, they're also working on Dragon Spirit
Which should be interesting and Snoopy and the Red Baron because it's got me
The only decent cell phone game I've ever played is Sudoku and that's because it's so doku
It's hard to fuck that this one sound kind of interesting when I read the little thing on it r2 beat
being developed by this company called seed 9 entertainment and it's gonna
combine it's an online rhythm action racing game so I guess that's good it's
basically this is kind of combining both music beat and extreme speed so it
sounds like if I don't know amp was amplitude or whatever was a racing game
I don't know, it might be kind of neat.
King of Fighters 2006 coming from SNK and a whole bunch of Metal Slug crap, including
the Metal Slug collection, which, you know, I thought they were all the same anyways,
but yeah.
That's basically it.
Alright, things to look forward to at E3.
Expect a full report on the Diet Revolution, what was that called?
Diet Girl.
Diet Girl.
Oh, can't wait to play that.
Yes.
I don't know that can be maybe my subtitle on the show in the future
If you'd rather not hear about new stuff
But you're still living in the retro gaming phase and you'll be happy to know or if you just you bought
Oblivion for the 360 and just loved it and you want to know a little more about this series history head on over to
The elder Scrolls calm because you know what the original Elder Scrolls arena game
game, free download! Enjoy! It's free! Check it out! We like the word free. So what if
the game is years old, you know? Respect the roots, just like Rockstar has Grand Theft
Auto 1 and 2 free downloads, and I think there was another game too that they put out. I
also have Star Siege Tribes out for free. You can't beat free. Exactly. Alright, Loki.
Now if you don't like your gaming free, but you like to spend a little more money, you
You might be able to buy a super special upgrade coming to the 360 soon, right?
Or rumor it anyway.
Yeah, like a $100 HD DVD drive that'll be external.
Cost about $100.
Supposed to be shown at E3.
Why?
This is interesting to me because didn't HD DVD players just come out for $1,000?
And now they're saying it's only going to be $100?
That was blurry, I thought.
But yeah, I don't understand why they're releasing this.
For one, I don't understand why they're releasing it as an external drive, because that would look ugly as hell on a 360.
But, I don't think it has the bandwidth through USB to do it, so I don't know how they're planning on pulling across.
Unless it's gonna, you know, kinda slap on top maybe where the hard drive goes or something to run it SATA or something.
I don't know. But, also kinda related in the same article, they're talking about 100GB hard drive is supposed to be shown at E3 as well.
as well, no price and date available and also the premium pack will be dropped $100 to $299
retail in October and the core system will be $80 less, which is the other story.
I could see that happening because they got to compete with the PS3 when it comes out,
but I don't know about, I don't believe the $100 mark for the system.
A hundred dollars seems really, really low.
I would have to see, we'd have to see about that because that's kind of, I don't know.
That's going to really screw all those other HD DVD stand-alone players, but then again
maybe that's Microsoft once, maybe they're willing to take a hit on it so people get
that gaming system, and as you say, the Trojan horse in their living room, which I've not
really heard you say that before, but I really like that because it's true.
Another Xbox story sure to piss off people that bought their Xbox's launch week.
Yeah, well, this isn't really... they shouldn't be too pissed off about it.
The CPU is getting upgraded. Basically all they're doing is they're
making the same CPU.
It's a bit smaller so it's going to take less power, less heat.
That's about it. Although, they're really having many issues with the CPU overheating.
That was never the problem. It was the GPU overheating.
Oh, really? I was just going to say, trust me, those Xbox 360's had problems.
If you don't believe me, go back and listen to the show when I bought my Xbox 360 the same week.
Well, all you have to know is it's not going to make your Xbox 360 any faster, so if you
bought it in launch day, whatever, and it's still working, not to worry, and it's not
really expected it's going to cause any compatibility issues, but then again, I've seen them screw
up smaller things, so.
Although hopeful models, hopeful modders might find a way to overclock it with that more
thermally efficient CPU you think they haven't done it yet they might I don't
think so we shall see well one thing hackers love to do is install Linux on
everything now they don't have to because there's a system coming out just
for them this is coming from Linux devices calm a Linux based handheld
gaming platform that runs native and emulated games as shipping in the US
Game Park's GP2X is powered by a pair of ARM processors, has an open source API and development
tools, and can run thousands of classic console video games, online retailer Dynamism.
The GP2X was originally known as the GPX2.
It's got 64 megs of RAM, flash, expandable via an SD card slot, 3.5-inch QVGA LCD monitor
that supports 170,000 colors, 4-way controller and a small thumb joystick on the left, I.O.
ports include stereo headphone jack, USB 2.0, and TV out.
And of course, people are loading that crap up with emulators, kind of interesting.
Would anything like this ever make it big?
No, why not?
this is like total I mean this sounds great it's a total geek thing but hey
it plays thousands of games on it it plays thousands of games it's great but
but where's the challenge of putting Linux on that I mean get this 170 to 200
dollars for this thing is that not cheaper isn't the PSP 199 still I can't
remember what I'm 40 yeah it's about this thing is as much as a PSP and it's
It's just made for developing.
I don't know.
Interesting.
I'm going to try to see if we can get one of these people on the show.
I want to know more about this.
I know that the GPE 2X or whatever, the original one, they're developing for it right now.
They have a lot of homebrew stuff on there.
Comments from our chat room.
As long as you're ready to dot com, click on chat.
Phoenix Rising says, Linux is still too obscure for it to sell.
GK128 says you can put a different Linux distro on. That's the challenge.
True. He's got a point. He does have a point.
Moving on.
Loki, also a challenge. If you're a Duke Nukem fan,
convincing yourself that forever will be out any day now can sometimes be a real
challenge. I'm gonna laugh
if they have this at E3, to be honest, but no, actually
basically there's an article that I think even came out last week
about how
George Broussard is basically sick of Duke Nukem Forever and he's
you know from 3D Realms basically saying you know it's taken so long to actually
develop the game
just right now you know the problem is when they show it off
you know people are gonna be like eh whatever but they just want to finish it
they want to get it done get it out there and try to recover some of that
many many dollars spent on developing it. So if this play can work on the sequel that is apparently
they were talking about working on. I can't believe they're talking about a sequel for
Duke Nukem Forever, I mean... It's called Duke Nukem, no, really. No, really what they
should do is change the name of Duke Nukem Forever. Change it to something else. Yeah,
Duke Nukem Forever isn't coming out, but... It's, uh, Luke... Duke Nukem 3. Luke, Sock
It To Em Forever. I mean, honestly, I think what they should do is they should develop
the game and just release all the partial games that they had, like the one on the Quake
2 engine, the one on the unreal engine.
Just scrap the name and call it Duke Nukem 4, that's all you gotta do.
I don't know, we'll see.
Do you want to be the first person in the world to play the Nintendo Revolution?
I bet you do, you little fanboys and girls.
Well here's the deal, Nintendo and AOL.com are teaming up and they're going to be having
a contest.
One lucky Nintendo fan gets to go to Los Angeles, touch and play with the revolution before
the conference and then present the machine to the world a few hours later
at the Nintendo conference. By the way, you're going to the Nintendo conference, aren't you, Loki?
Maybe. I hate you. I hate you. How did you get in?
I've got connections. Oh, you little bitch. I'm not going. Dark Soccer's not going, but
Loki is going to the Nintendo conference
and we'll let you know firsthand what happens. But you are not the... you're not going to be
the second person in the world to play the thing either, right? I'll beat people up, but will people...
Well, they're going to be having the black-eyed peace there to, you know, distract people so I can play
you the console, so... But I'm gonna definitely get to play before E3.
Here's the funny thing. Three finalists are gonna be chosen by entries that are
given on AOL's website,
but only one person is going to be selected once they're all out there to
actually do it.
Wouldn't that suck to be one of the other two? But they all get to go to E3 anyway, huh?
What cares? They get to go...
It's... So what? I was the first to play in the world. Whatever. I mean, it's no big deal.
Yeah, get out of my way. I want to play.
Well, I guess I wasn't really the first non-Konami employee to play the supernova in the United
States, so that was kind of cool.
Yeah.
You know, it's just like Final Fantasy XI this week.
I was the first person to get Corsair!
Well, I was the first person to get laid tonight, so, you know.
Is there any quests involved with that?
Yeah, there's big quests and the whole thing.
So it's like everybody puppet master now?
Everybody just has to be first!
Everybody just wants to be first!
It's like I'm looking for a white mage, but all we have is blue mage and corsair and puppet master
I mean
I'm sorry. It's just that 360 thing just could have been better
So anyway if you want to enter AOL, I think you have to be on AOL to do it so hope you're there
Anyway, but Rob, how will I ever find a CD to sign up for AOL?
I don't know, maybe go to AOL.com?
You have any other release dates for us?
I slotted us some time to talk about release dates,
but I don't know if you have your list or whatever.
What's coming up this week?
The Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories moved dates.
It moved to June 6th, and then they dropped the price again to $19.99 retail.
Oh, I'm being corrected by our chatroom.
it's not AOL only, it is open to non-AOL members as well.
GK128 said it first, thank you guys.
I should go sign up for that and see if I can win it.
I know, maybe I should go sign up too.
I just don't want to get AOL crap.
Well, then again, I already get it.
How worse could it be?
Because I had AOL for two weeks
because I bought it for a trip.
Just don't, I don't want to, I feel dirty.
You don't leave AOL ever.
No, um, but next week, um, or actually I should say this week, um, great stuff coming out.
Finally, finally, Advent Children is finally coming out.
Is it finally here?
Finally.
They're advertising it on TV so you can go pick it up.
You might even be able to find it in the stores now if you're listening to the podcast because
people like Breaking Street Date.
But definitely go check it out if you haven't seen it yet, although you probably have on
the internet, but now's your chance to get a nice English copy of it. Go check it out
now. Also, coming out this week I have Outrun 2006 Coast to Coast, which is going to be
pretty fun. Also Rampage World Tour, Rampage Total Destruction coming out, which isn't really
any different than the last few Rampage games. And then Win Back 2, Project Poseidon is coming
out. Not too much buzz on that but that's still good. Ace Combat Zero, The Belkan War.
If you're a, you know, flight sim fan you're gonna love that. And I believe that was all
the big stuff. I was really looking for Grand Theft Auto but they had to move it. Hopefully
they're either working on multiplayer or fixing multiplayer because their multiplayer sucked.
god damn lazy programmers
snow wondered that is what's going to take
you know take two down
uh... we're gonna go to a break here pretty soon but first i want to mention the
chat room you know that whole a l l conversation now they're talking about
other like old school
networks like uh... compu serve and somebody brought up prodigy i was on
prodigy years ago copy sir prodigy jeannie
jeannie all my god jeannie and then uh... what's the other big one delphi and i
But there's another huge one I'm leaving out that people were saying in the chat
room.
Maybe not CompuServe.
Maybe. If you go all the way back to Commodore 64, there was one that was
before AOL, because AOL bought them out.
Quark, do you want to say what it was called? I used to freaking go on a bulletin board
which had internet access. BBS's were hardcore. I used to do BBS's like in the Sacramento area
like hardcore. Grab the
California Computer News, a little free publication that was out there,
have the BBS list in the back and you can, you know, find a bunch of stuff on there.
Remember back in the day, you know, those you guys used to call into BBS is
probably if you're more like our age, like in your twenties, although I imagine there's
some teens that remember this too.
Like, it wasn't about the size of your internet penis,
but it was about how much of the sis-ops
ass you kissed to get access points. It was for more time with door games.
So you could play Legend of the Red Dragon and The Pit
and uh... without trade wars two thousand two and all those games it was
all about downloading registered
uh... shareware programs at twenty four hundred beef burden of fifty six uh...
kbps and also
and basically uh... you know using that wonderful c batch protocol the download
everything in your you know telnet thick fifty six k you're kidding ninety six
hundred baud
yet we were lucky i want i want i want an orange lounge radio bbs
That's what I want. Can we have that? Can we make that happen? Can't you do it through
Telnet now, or something?
I'm gonna talk to our webmaster. I hope he's listening. Why would we run a BBS? Because I wanna...
Because it's a BBS! Because it's a BBS, dude!
You can play Legend of the Red Dragon in the pit.
We have the technology. Yes, we have the technology. We can build it.
My mother would never let me get a second phone line to run a BBS when I was a kid.
I want one now do something on the website that look like a bbs. No, I want a bbs
I want message boards and everything. Let's just make a mud and call that a day
Fuck a mud. I want to bbs. All right. I played muds for like two weeks and then I was like, oh my god
Two weeks. Oh my god. You're like uber hardcore
I know I was like it's an I was like after two weeks
I was like, this is the nerdiest i've ever been in my entire life
And that's saying quite a bit
That makes me feel nerdier than usual.
All right.
Anyway, we'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio
right after this little break.
Kid Whatever, one of the artists from In the Groove,
is going to be with us in part B. So definitely, definitely
stay tuned.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights
and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion
of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks for watching!
