Tonight, April 30th, 2006, we talk about the new PSP firmware.
What are we all assuming Microsoft might show at E3?
And we get excited about Luminous 2 News!
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that video game podcast dedicated to what gamers really want to know.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always in that corner over there, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, what up?
How you doing?
I've just been going wee all day. I'm so happy.
Alright, you're just in a good mood.
Yeah.
Alright, and not here tonight. Don't say hello to Loki because he's not here.
He who is about to die.
That's right, he's getting married which means his soul is forever gone.
Hey, I still have my soul and I'm married, but I married a gamer.
Alright, so in all seriousness, congratulations to Matt and Ellie who are tying the knot on Sunday night.
Yay!
on Saturday this week, so not joining us tonight is the chat room and the skype line, it's
just us.
Oh darn.
So we're not calling this an official episode, this is a mini episode.
I like episodelet.
An a little episodelet?
I like that name too, we'll call it an episodelet.
Like a nugget.
Yes, a little episodelet.
That's kind of gross, it's a nugget.
So this is our little episodelet for this April 29th, 2006.
There will be no Part B this week, so please don't be looking for it.
We're only going to do about half a show tonight.
It's been kind of a slow news week, too, all things considered.
I guarantee you Wednesday, where's Part B?
Yeah, I know.
They'll be posting, where's Part B?
There's no Part B this week.
I'll put up a picture of a face sticking out of tongue and go, there's your Part B.
No, but we'll be back, of course, next week with a huge E3 preview show, everything we
We can't wait to do it, E3.
And of course, we'll be back the week after that as well.
We're not going to be taking any shows off during E3.
In fact, you get bonus shows.
Here's the deal.
We're actually going to be doing podcasts each day of the show, like we did last year.
However, we're going to be working with our partner, AllGames.com, to produce these shows.
They're actually going to be letting us use their studios over at the Arena Interactive
Lounge to be taping the shows, so it's going to be pretty cool.
So you'll actually be able to hear us taping all this live on AllGames.com, 6.30-ish each
day of the show.
I'm saying 6.30-ish because we're going to be the first show on right after the expo
is over.
So we may end up getting to start a little early and we may end up having to start a
little late.
All technical things aside, but the goal time is 6.30-ish.
I may find John Cena again this year and stalk him.
I didn't know he was an E3 team.
He was there last year.
He's a wrestler.
Are you gonna stalk celebrities, C-list celebrities?
I might bump into a few more celebrities, who knows?
Like I bumped into Kojima the year before, and I bumped into Miyamoto last year, and
this is literal.
I think the best celebrity I met last year was probably Togo, who did the music in, well,
some of the music in BB&A 2D action.
A certain other famous person who I wanted to talk to was off talking to somebody else
while we were doing an interview that never happened.
Also regarding the E3
Outpost, you can actually come see us in person if you want. It's a
open invite party. You don't have to be an E3 attendee to go.
It's E3outpost.com if you want the details on that.
Who doesn't want to meet us? We're gonna be there and
Scott Rubin, the infamous G4 guy, is gonna be there.
I think Gamer Andy is doing something as well if you guys read his blog.
so he's gonna be doing something as well. So it should be a good time. It's just gonna be an internet
celebrity fest. It's gonna be a podcast orgy.
Yes it is. Yes, with no nudity though. No. Because we don't need any of that. None of the naked, but
you know, people wanna bring me chocolate. We can have a chocolate podcast orgy, that'll be fun.
Chocolate podcast orgy. Alright. That's it, anyone who comes and meets me has to bring me dark chocolate.
Or a dollar. Or a dollar. Alright, let's cut the crap and get to
how our gaming week was. Dark Sockro. You cut the crap?
Bye everybody!
Oh, I guess that's it for the show!
No.
How was your gaming week, DarkSaga?
Um, I played a buttload of Ragnarok yesterday.
And I played a buttload of Ragnarok today.
Instead of doing the rest of my homework today,
I played a buttload of Ragnarok!
I'm so responsible.
The thing is that it was due two weeks ago.
Um, no.
I tried to play some Kingdom Hearts last weekend,
because I wasn't here last week,
Because one of my really good friends and a listener of ours Disney Punk 10 came up to hang out
for my birthday week, which was a
drunken and
More drunken good times. I talked to I talked about Dave and Busters on last week's show is good times
Yeah, I actually did not get as insanely drunk this year as I did the year before because now I'm grown up
up you'll never be a grown-up you still you still you still play games games are
for kids hey obviously I'm joking I wasn't playing with my dolls yeah oh you
know though I found out a piece of it oh yeah so Silent Hill three times I went
on last Friday oh we didn't get to hear your feedback on the movie obviously you
liked it oh yeah I went Friday and then I went
against Sunday and then I went Wednesday and I drug Julie with me is it possible
to see a movie too much no I'm gonna go again hopefully before we go to e3 and I
think I'm gonna see it while I'm at e3 because I'm one of the DDR freak
moderators as from South America and he hasn't this not opening there for a
while so we're gonna probably bring him to see it at some point that's cool but
I
Forgot oh, yes, I know oh my god red pyramid. I was like you could kill me. I'd die happy I
Thought that they actually got like an actual actor to play him in the janitor cuz like he moves so
Fluidly, it's just like oh, yeah, I could watch that for hours
Somebody at the I was I was out at the club last night and some of us were talking about
Silent Hill the movie and somebody called him triangle head that made me
laugh because I think it's exactly exactly where my mind went to this is
how we know we're both dorks cuz my mind went exactly triangle man triangle man
you know and if you catch that reference you too my friend is a live journal icon
where I had had pyramid head as triangle man and what was the guy in the second
game James mm-hmm as person man all right games gaming okay yeah um I I hit
level 43 for my job class which means I have seven more stupid job levels to go
or you that you are a certified dork hey I'm not the one who was on this is your
gaming week not my gaming week okay drama no this is definitely an off
night for us um but yeah and then I am I worked on something I'm doing for
Kingdom Hearts fan art opportunity with a friend so I've actually been sort of
artsy gamey sort of trying to get back into my old you know nerd hobbies but
school sort of kicking my ass but I think I'm doing a flashlight based off a
video game I'm just not sure if I'm gonna do Silent Hill like I've done all
my other homework I might just do something about a guardian legend
tribute page in Flash, that would rock. Though it has to be a digital poem. So I think I'm
just gonna do like some like really stupid poem that have like art that has nothing to
do with it, like half of those do. Alright. Hooray for Flash, Nott. Anything else? Who
wants to do my Flash homework for me? Not me, my gaming week, I played Final Fantasy
11 a little bit, actually more than a little bit, I played a lot, like Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, I played a lot of Final Fantasy XI, so I'm kind of like on a little mini
break, I'm taking a little mini vacation from it, but otherwise, the only really new game
I played was Project Gotham Racing 3, which isn't really a new game because it was an
Xbox 360 launch title, but Loki let me borrow it, and so it's about like the 50th racing
game I played on the 360.
Download the Speed Pack.
I forgot to mention Dan downloaded the Speed Pack.
Doesn't that cost points?
Yeah, however, the cars that are in it are so worth it. One of them is the EVO 8MR.
Maybe. I don't know. I don't know how I feel about this game still.
I like the game. I think it's pretty. I think it's got a great interface.
And I think it's a very fluid interface and it's great to get into.
But the racing itself, I found you have to use different tactics in this game than you do in other types of games like Ridge Racer.
And that kind of threw me at first.
It depends on your car too.
Yeah, and I understand why is that it's not a game about like drifting. It's more of like a street race type thing
It's it's just a different style of
Racing but it really threw me having played all these other racing games where you know
Release the gas while you turn then hit the gas so you kind of do that drifting
You're not really I mean you can do that in Project Gotham, but I slam into walls every time
So you have to really alter the strategy
I had to read up on game facts how to do a frickin turn right in that game
My suggestion is actually to do the in-car play of you. Mm-hmm when you're playing it actually does make a difference
I you know what maybe I get a little motion sick sometimes too because that view makes me all like weird
I get all the more perfect
I know it's pretty low as a flaw being that I'm a Lancer freak since I drive a Lancer
They did the interior for the evo 9 inside the evo 8mr. Wow, that's nerdy. That is nerdy pretty awesome. You know that though
I like that you can test drive all the cars though, even the expensive ones.
You can go to the expensive ones and do the test drive so you can see how they play.
It's a fun game and I will probably play more of it.
I just was a little like, whoa, this is a little bit different, but I love that it's
so fluid.
It is definitely one of the better racing games on 360.
I was kind of surprised because I didn't think it would be the type of game I like, but I
really enjoyed it.
for all these people that like to loop racing games in one big pile and call
them all just like racing games you know like they're all the same you need to
play this then play something like with guns like full auto or burnout something
where destruction is the main factor and then play something like initial well I
know initial D is not on 360 but maybe something like Ridge Racer where it's
more about drifting and you'll see like the big differences between these racing
games. I would have to loop the Project Gotham series in with like the Grand
Turismo series. It plays similarly. More on the realistic side of
of car motion than... Probably fair to say that Project Gotham was probably
designed as a
direct competitor. So, anyway. That was pretty much my game of the week. I didn't play a whole
lot besides that. I've been doing my brain training every day though.
I'm getting good. I hadn't yet to purchase that. I feel that I don't need it.
Oh, I think you need to be doing the little quiz on mine and then we'll see
how old your brain is and then that might
Might change your mind. My brain is 50 million years old.
No, that's a bad, you want to get it down. One. You want your brain age 20 is the lowest you can go.
I'm 21 now. I'm 21 now. I'm working on it.
How about some gaming news? Big news in the gaming industry. Huge,
huge news in the gaming industry this week from Sony.
Sony has upgraded their PSP Flash
firmware, I'm sorry, their PSP firmware to 2.70
to include flash support.
However, I hear it sucks. I hear the flash support
really stinks on this.
Did they say what flash supports? Is it Flash 8?
No, they just say the the release notes say now you can play Macromedia flash
content but here's the thing
you're not really supposed to save the content, like you can't play content that
was saved
although supposedly people have found a way around that like you access it from
your browser
but there's no way to like launch just like, let's say you want to download
Homestar Runner movies and watch them at your convenience,
you can't really do that. It doesn't really work that way. And they say that
Flash games
run like, I was reading web forms, Flash games run like two frames a second, like
they're horrible.
So the Flash support is there but needs a little bit of improvement.
I can work around that. Yeah, we'll see. Who knows, we might be seeing our own content in
Flash.
Possibly, although I don't know, we may want to wait till this gets better
because this, from what I'm hearing, the feedback, not worth the upgrade.
the feedback I'm hearing on the forums is that this is not worth the upgrade right now
I wouldn't mind testing it. I really would not mind designing something and testing it out
Well you still have my PSP so I guess you could do that
Yes I do. It will be coming with us to E3
Alright. Sounds good. Yeah there's plenty of reasons why everybody should bring their PSPs to E3
My husband still has not got me my PSP
Really?
Because I think we're getting a camcorder
Well you need to get a PSP out of that too
Let's see what else has been added in the PSP 2.7 upgrade
UMD video L and R button has been added because you can disable the
channel skip feature with the L and R buttons.
I've done this before like it's too easy to accidentally knock those buttons or
hit them.
So you can disable that.
AAC is now playable on the PSP as well which is a very popular
iTunes and Apple codec so that's pretty cool.
So if you want to check that out all you have to do is just on your PSP you can
update the firmware. Keep in mind
for those you guys that like to do controversial things on your PSP which
involve downgrading your firmware
2.7 will lock all that out because obviously they fixed all those loopholes
so
something to consider before you do this. Where one loophole
closes another one opens. That is very true. Speaking of Sony
rumor is that Sony is going to keep their mouth shut when it comes to the
price
of the PlayStation 3 at this year's E3.
Reports are saying on CNN
is that Sony is not going to talk about the price of their console until the end of
the summer
at the earliest. Now, of course, the only time when this can really be confirmed
is E3,
but I would say perhaps I think there's actually truth in this.
I think maybe they will keep quiet about the price.
I think they just want to show the goods, and I think this whole
Blu-ray kind of factor will probably determine. I mean, because we still really
don't know, like,
Are the games gonna be Blu-ray? I mean, they say it is.
Is it movies? I mean, are we still... I mean, certainly websites out there are talking
about one way or the other, but we still really don't know what Sony's plan
really is for that. So I think until that's been established, it's really hard to
get the price. So we'll see.
I mean, I could be wrong. I'd like them to release the price, and I think I'm
pretty sure it's going to be
$399 to be competitive with the Xbox 360, even though rumor is they're gonna drop
price.
but I don't think we'll know for sure till end of summer it seems
it seems fair. That was pretty much as much as the PlayStation was
the PS2 was released for when it came out. And wasn't the PlayStation 1 about that
much when it came out too?
Maybe at least $2.99? No, yeah it was around $2.99 if I remember correctly because I
I didn't have one I was there when someone bought one because it lived in my dorm room
he didn't have a TV. But
well the the price of a dollar's gone you know different directions since then so
Alright, one other thing that we can expect on Sony is a very popular franchise's sequel,
correct?
Lumines2.
Awesome.
It sounds like there was a mention into this video.
They were saying that it's probably going to be officially revealed over at E3.
They made a mention of Lumines2 is coming out, so maybe we'll see that at E3.
I think there's some early screenshots that have leaked of Luminous 2, so I'm pretty sure
we're going to see some of that at E3, that would be pretty awesome, at least I hope so.
I want a playable demo at E3, I don't want no movie.
I want a playable demo, and I want it to have music that was as good as the first one.
Absolutely, yeah, that's one.
And plus, the other question about Luminous 2 is, what exactly are they going to change?
Because there's...
Why change anything?
It's good.
Yeah, but then, you know, what makes me have to own Luminous 2 if I own Luminous 1 and
it's the same game?
New music!
music worth special art new unlockable content there's got to be something
there's gonna there's gotta be foreign even like a couple new blocks but just
don't make the same mistakes the Tetris franchise did I mean I guess at the same
time Tetris DS is still Tetris right it'll be luminous with like Sony
characters we'll see other huge huge huge news in the gaming industry this
week from Microsoft and Microsoft has said that they are going to be
previewing E3 well actually they haven't said this is just a rumor but you know
Microsoft you know they're gonna show Halo 3 because they've got to derail the
Thunder from whatever Sony's gonna bring whatever Nintendo is gonna break they've
got to derail the Thunder so Halo 3 they are saying is going to be previewed at
the conference rumor has it it's a two minute video nothing playable yet kids
Sorry, but a video will still be enough to kind of get that just get that cravens in for
Make sure that you bring Kleenex. Mm-hmm to wipe the drool
Yeah that in it, you know that the fanboys are going to be having over the game
Absolutely. So check that out. That's gonna be a good one at e3
Jamie another franchise with a sequel that which could be shown at e3
This is some pretty cool news. Looks like Red Octane and Harmonics are looking for
indie musicians to put their stuff in Guitar Hero 2. There is a contest at
BeAGuitarHero.com so musicians can send in their own hard rock heavy metal
stuff that features a lead guitar over you know as an mp3 format over the
internet for them to review. Guitar Hero 2 was announced actually this month
saying there'd be new play modes, a new track list, 40 license, 15 unlockable, independent,
and of course, Gibson's got support in this one again.
But I think that the contest is really neat because it's gonna, you know, we were introduced
to a lot more, there, I would say there's actually more bands local to, I guess, this
whole area, but it introduced people to a lot more bands, you know, I just think that
that was a really, a really neat thing.
I think it was really cool of Red Octane to put all those independent bands right alongside
the classic hits, you know, and the fact that they kept Freezepop made me giddy too, because
you know I love me some Freezepop.
So I hope they come back for the sequel, they better.
There was that news, though, about the Hidden Track.
That's true, I remember reading something about that, that there's a Hidden Track.
So it was actually posted up on our website, one, and you know, I just had a brain fart
and forgot the name of it, but it's triple something.
It's another indie band. It's not a song that I recognized as a classic rock song.
It sounds more like progressive rock.
Yeah, it was put up on Kotaku. There's a video there.
The song is called...
Oh, poo.
Now, it's not something you can access, though.
You have to use codes.
Well, not like up, up, down, down, left, right codes. You have to use like a...
Triplet.
Yeah.
Triplet's the name of the song.
What's a code thing on PlayStation called?
CodeShark, GameShark, CodeBreaker, whatever, one of those things.
Pro Action Replay, but I did, even though the video is not the greatest,
this song is freaking hard. There's no way I'd ever be able to play that one, but
it's an expert level song.
Why did they take it out, I wonder? I think just because the style of the song doesn't
necessarily fit
the styles of the rest of the game. I mean, then again, we've got Freeze Pop in there, so
hello? But it is very, very, you know, progressive
rock. I mean, it's a good song. It's a really good song.
But what happens is that the song Guitar Hero in the game,
it actually replaces it. It's not gonna
corrupt your shapefile or anything. You can just reset the game, but when
you put in the code, when you pull up the song list, Triplet will be
selectable.
And it is pretty vicious. It is vicious.
Well, check that out. Well, Kotaku has a little more details in the actual
codes that you need.
They have the codes up, and they also have a video of someone playing it. Awesome.
Moving on to more news about the PSP, LocoRoco has a demo that's downloadable in Japan.
So you can check that out at www.jp.PlayStation.com.
Now you actually have to navigate a little ways to get there.
Loki said he would try and get this on OLRPSP.com though for you guys this week because apparently
even though the demo is only available in Japan right now, it works on the US PSP is
what he said.
So if you don't mind reading a little bit of Japanese,
you can play a demo of LocoRoco, a new PSP game.
Awesome.
Speaking of traveling the world, DarkSakura
likes to once in a while snoop in on new sites
from around the world and pick up stuff from the UK.
So DarkSakura, and of course, news over there,
effects, what goes on over here, et cetera, et cetera.
What'd you pick up from the globe this week?
Well, it looks like CDV's putting up their lineup at E3.
The game's coming out.
Warfront the Turning Point which is World War 2 real-time strategy there's
also War Leaders Clash of Nations and then their first DS game Panzer Tactics
DS which is World War 2 again turn-based strategy Pacific Storm which is sort of
turn-based and real-time then again it's more World War 2 it sounds like they're
sort of stuck in the 1940s there for a bit also there will be Heroes of
Annihilated Empires the open beta has actually just launched for that one and
Darkstar one which is a sci-fi action game about a pilot trying to solve a
mystery hmm sounds pretty cool I mean I'll definitely look up you know
anything I mean I personally am not into the strategy games but I love anything
historical so I always go buy some of those even even if I don't care about
about the game itself I go to to look and see how accurate are they you know
look at the demos I think that's pretty cool cool I like games that teach you
something yeah and it kind of reminds me of you really got a kick out that story
a while back remember the MMO that had the crucified guy yeah yeah well guess
what hmm there's gonna be a Marvel action RPG that makes me happy awesome
it actually says it's gonna have more than the standard X-Men franchise that
we typically see as of late. Activision and Raven are gonna put this out on
damn near everything so I'm sure if you've got the system it'll play it you
know short of like the PC Engine or something. So it's going to be called
Marvel Ultimate Alliance it will be out actually on the next-gen and current
gen ones including the handheld PC and more than 20 playable Marvel characters
with a like spider-man Wolverine blade Captain America supposed to be out in
the fall basically it's supposed to be the usual you know not just the fate of
the earth but the entire Marvel Universe thing choose your own adventure oh no I
push the red button the world explodes type of thing it's got a new combat
system you have air combat ground underwater you have power charging melee
weapons you have not only are you going to be able to choose your characters you
actually will make your team a different Marvel characters you will have
different things to represent them it's supposed to be really customizable it's
it's as far as your actions actually determine the app that you know how the
game goes. I think sort of fable, you know, in that respect. And, of course, I have the
release dates for this month. Actually, there's not really any days left for
this month, so I will give the ones for the first week of May. How does that sound?
Okay. We have coming out on the first Beetle King, we have, okay, I've never
heard of this, but Goo Goo Noggett on DS. No, Goo Goo Goo Goo Noggett is what it
says me and my Katamari on the fifth coming on PSP Metroid Prime Hunters on
the DS Sam could museum 50th anniversary on the GameCube Pac-man world 3 on the
various collection of random systems Rainbow Islands revolution I thought
that would make you happy maybe I'm from the DS well no because I thought that
you'd liked oh is it is it it's just like that for real I think it is oh my
gosh okay now I am excited well it's just because I knew that you were a big
Big Bubble Bobble fan. Yeah, I didn't know I didn't realize it would be the same thing. That's cool. Yeah
Um, I actually just pulling this up on Eurogamer and it is Bubble Bobble Rainbow Islands. Very cool
Yeah, see I love Rainbow Islands. That was a great game
We have Rogue Galaxy on the ps2 and Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter
Coming out. All right. They actually get brain age on the 19th
It's fun, check out last week's show if you want my review.
Coming back stateside, not a whole lot shaking up the industry this week as far as release
dates go.
Probably because of the upcoming E3, there's not a very big calendar, probably until we
get into June.
However, there are a couple games to look out for.
PlayStation 2 has Gallop Racer 2006 on May 2nd, not Xbox 360, Xbox 360 doesn't really
have anything coming until the end of this month.
The next big release scheduled is Rockstar Games Table Tennis on May 22nd.
However, if you're a PC gamer, this is a good week for you guys.
You guys are getting Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter on May 2nd, and then you're also
getting Desperados 2 as well on May 2nd.
Over on the DS, you are getting Top Gun on May 1st, and Game Boy Advance Dr. Sudoku,
if you really want it, May 1st.
Top Gun?
Does that mean you're going to have the really hard part where you have to, you know, fuel
It is for real Top Gun based on the old movie, if you can believe it.
Actually, I'm thinking of the old Top Gun Nintendo game.
That game pissed me off so much, because I could never land. I'd crash.
I wonder how similar it is to the old NES one. I might have to check that out.
I haven't seen, really, the only...
We need more games, I think, that played like that, like After Burner.
We need a new After Burner. Except I think I'm going to get the Sega Ages.
Well, you got a new Outrun, so you never know.
Actually, we did pick up Outrun 2006.
How is it?
it actually is pretty cool and Dan gets I was making pizza the other day and
Dan's like my girlfriend keeps getting pissed off at me I was like yeah and
your wife's gonna get screaming about it but not it and I thought it was pretty
cool he showed me the little demo mode and it played with like a remix of
magical sound shower which made me all happy because that's my favorite Outrun
song hmm moving on to a follow-up story but this is a follow-up of something
like months old I think we talked about this and I don't even know if we talked
about it on a podcast it might have been one of our live shows I wouldn't call
the following up as much as a we caught up to it kind of well this is the thing
is that there was an article in the mercury I believe it was the San Jose
mercury news that published this it was in the section there it was talking
about a follow-up to the EA spouse you might remember this she had a live
journal and the live journal had talked about all the you know over time things
and shady stuff that was going on at Electronic Arts well she's been revealed
and her name is Erin Hoffman and her husband was Leander Hastie and he was
working on Battle for Middle Earth for Electronic Arts and she's the one that
posted the story and he is not working at EA anymore obviously he's a game
designer over at Playable Productions and kind of interesting I guess what
happened is that he was part of this class action lawsuit about the unpaid
overtime against EA so then they took their story public finally so very
interesting while the legal proceedings are going on they actually advise not to
go public with identity or any type of information because it could hurt the
case I'm not sure I have to be honest I can't remember if it was settled already
or not I think at the time that we read the article they were actually in the
Right, right, right, no, definitely at the time the article first came out, it wasn't.
So I'm just trying to read over it real quick here.
Well I know from having friends who have sued the facilities that they work for, they're
advised not to have any contact with, that is if they've left the company, not to have
any contact with anybody who still works there and not to really reveal the details going
until after it's been settled so I would think that that's been why it's so long
giving that name out hmm well there you have it a little follow-up kind of
always fun to learn the identities of secret people we have our own secret
identities here at Orange Lawns Radio as well we are very angsty people sometimes
we get really mad and ticked off and that's why we have this segment on the
show called the FUs of the week where we have the chance to spread a little hate
to all the kids of America, right Jamie?
Grr, argh.
Well, I wouldn't say this is so much of an F.U. as it was an almost F.U.
because this was really the only thing that got me at all frustrated this week
is on my way here, I'm driving along in my lane
and some guy in a truck decides that he wants to be in my lane
lane and that he'll conveniently not see me so he's pulling into my lane I'm
beeping like you stay out of my lane I'm driving here and so he ends up I slow
way down you know but I can't really break his his car right behind me so I'm
slowing way down to try to get behind this guy and he ends up just swinging on
in and smack in the side at the front side of my car and I actually had
started to steer away at that point you know so I was all you know you knocked
my window in my rearview mirror just pulled inside rolled down my window popped it back
out and he eventually like you know hours later pulled over you know and I was like
dude you are giving me your registration right now and he gets this look on his face like
oh shit so um because you know anyone who messes with my car gets the wrath of sakura
brought down upon them I love my car just to tell everybody I love my car a whole lot
So I'm looking at the side of the car and there's oil all over the side and I'm like, oh god
Oh god
Oh that says I took out my little hand wipes and start wiping the oil off to see what the damage looks like
There's no damage. My car is fine. I
Go look at his car. His truck is fine
I was like dude, you are so lucky your car's filthy and he's like what I was like put your registration back in your car
I don't need it. You didn't hurt my car your car. So greasy my car slid right off it
And I showed him and he's like, whoa, your car doesn't look like it's damaged at all.
I was like, it's not.
I didn't really care if maybe reverse damage had been done.
He was like, don't worry about it, just go on.
He's like, OK.
But I mean, it was just like, didn't you see me?
He's like, oh, no, no, I didn't.
I was like, did you look in your rear view mirror?
And he actually went, uh, this is my piece of advice.
Look out for Lancers! If you hit one, you die!
End of story.
Especially if it's my Lancer.
I don't really have a whole lot of FUs this week.
I'm really not that angsty about a lot of things.
So I would just say FU to, in general, a lack of sleep.
I could step on your foot for you.
No, thank you. FU, Jamie.
FU right back, Ralph!
I haven't been getting a lot of sleep this week.
So FU did that.
Oh, I know! I got a good one.
FU did the fact that I am traveling to LA next week for my day job
so I'm flying down there and coming back Friday and then
I drive back down on Monday for E3. We'll have a caravan though.
Which I still don't have my confirmation for either. My emails are being ignored
at this point. Isn't that interesting? I still think you should follow my advice.
Maybe I'll have to be reporting from the front door because they won't let me in.
We'll see. However you're in and Matt's in but
me no love for Rob. I see how it is.
We'll give you a taser. Well I'll just have to hack things like my DS
because apparently you can hack your DS like you can make it look like a DS
light.
If that's what you, I mean you can't obviously make the shell of it look like
a DS light but
you can make the screen a lot brighter like a DS light. There is some hacks.
It's a hacked firmware that you can
put out there and get on there and it actually was a story that
originally broke over on the forums over at GBADEV.com so it actually came
originally from a Spanish board is where this came from so kind of interesting
and there's pictures that prove it that show that it got brighter so if you're
interested in that check that out I remember when the afterburner came out
on the GBA I still have I still have mine a GBA with an afterburner I have
I have the afterburner in my GBA, except I loaned my GBA out to a friend who was game-less, sadly.
My GBA is pink.
Mine is virginal white.
I actually own a pink video game system.
That's my one requisite girly thing.
There you go.
By the way, just a quick follow-up, so if you're writing emails right now, you can cut that out.
I did find the quick follow-up there to the EA Spouse story.
There were indeed, those lawsuits were indeed already settled.
It was actually three class-action lawsuits and it was already or they actually weren't settled they
Know they won settlements in three class-action lawsuits the developers did so there it is
All right
Dark Sakura is not going to be reading any mail
But she does have a few words of advice for those you guys that want to send in mail for next week's show
um yeah send more of it you know I understand I've got three weeks worth of
email that's come through that I've replied to as many of them as I could
within the limited scope of my homework beating me over the head with a sledge
hammer but I'm gonna start fresh if you've got I promise I will read emails
next week yeah and also send me good ones also we get a lot of story
suggestions on like Myspace and the emails and I get them in my box too and
trust me we have our pulse on like almost every blog and site out there we
check a ton of them daily and we even get some press releases of our own once
in a while and you know we get really lucky we might break a story not that we
don't appreciate it please understand but also you know we really want to hear
your opinions and your thoughts on things that's what we're really after
Also, make sure that if you have an email address that in any way remotely resembles anything spam,
when you send us an email in the subject line, make sure you put OLR and then your subject.
That way, even if it comes into the spam folder, I at least see that we have OLR in the title and I can check it.
Anything that has a spam thing on it, I instantly delete it.
I'm sorry, I check the email for us at various locations.
I do not want to run the risk of infecting systems
that are not my property.
If I infect my own system, I can fix it.
Maybe you should be doing work at work.
I never said I was at work.
I'm just teasing you.
I'm a good girl and I do my job.
All right, guess what?
Koei has revealed their E3 lineup,
And in that lineup, Guitaro Man Live is coming to the PSP in America, that's going to be shown at E3.
I love Koei.
It's exciting news indeed, don't you think?
I love Koei.
I know, I love him too for that.
Koei is another one of my favorite companies that not many people, you know, think of.
I'm very happy to hear that.
Now if they'll just bring us another KO Flying Squadron, oh yeah, I'll be happy.
Well, I'm trying to remember the other stuff they have coming to E3.
They also announced some other things that are supposed to be coming to E3.
Dynasty Warriors.
Yeah, they're doing Dynasty Warriors.
Okay.
Alright, well then let's go over now to DarkSakura to talk about how she likes to surf the internet.
You know, sometimes when she's at work.
Not at work.
Sometimes when she's at friends' houses.
And she finds great websites to share with you guys in her Website of the Week.
I actually didn't find this one on my own.
This one was given to us in the middle of my Flash class.
And I figured Flash pisses me off so much. I'm sure we have many other listeners who are just as pissed off by Flash as I am.
It does not, by the way, piss me off as much as Illustrator does.
So, this site is called actionscript.org.
For anyone who has to deal with a lot of in-depth Flash stuff, by now you are familiar with how frustrating working with scripts can be.
Programming in your stop here, play, and then stop on frame, kiss my butt, so this is the perfect site.
perfect site it has not only does it have tutorials on how to set up a lot of
your different flash actions also outlined from beginning to advanced
level it has your actual scripts that you need to make all this stuff work and
working examples some of these are also listed with movie files to go along with
them to show you how to do it cool very cool site not only that it's also
available in I believe Japanese Dutch French Russian and Serbian for anybody
that needs those Serbians. Sometimes you need to read your sights in Serbians. Who knows,
it could be from that area of the world. That's right. You provide a world-class service to
our listeners. Of course I do. Moving on, we've got one last story for you guys tonight,
unless you have any last minute stories. I don't have anything. Do you have any last
minute stories? Nothing video game related, but this is just nerd happy. Ok, what? I found
out that the movie theater at Arden Fair Mall is playing Spaceballs next week.
They do cult movies every Thursday. They're playing Spaceballs. We need
Spaceballs the game. I kind of want to go to that except I'm gonna be out of town
which makes me sad. I'm going to I'm going to Fandango my tickets. I will
dance the Fandango with my credit card. Well we've got one last story for you
guys tonight and it's it's huge I mean this is huge news absolutely big huge
news that just shook the game industry like crazy this week and I mean because
who doesn't love Indiana Jones? I love Indiana Jones. And Indiana Jones is
another one of those movies that was... I know they're actually doing Temple of
Doom. All right well here it is I mean just had people talking this week Lucas
Arts is supposedly going to be showing an Indiana Jones game at E3 2006 and all
that's that's about all we know we know Lucas Arts is doing it and they're
They're supposedly showing it at E3, but there's not a lot.
Now, this would make sense because they're supposedly in Indiana Jones movie, new one
coming on the way too.
Harrison Ford is too old for this stuff.
Yes, but Sean Connery is rumored to be reprising his role, which might be cool.
I love Sean Connery!
I know, who doesn't love Sean Connery?
He could be a quadruple amputee and he would still be hot.
Alright.
Well, I think that's about all the stories this week.
Yeah, I can't think of anything else.
I can't really think of anything else either, so I guess that's it. We're done with the show so
Thanks for tuning in and tuning in to our special show this week really appreciate it
And now it's time to go around and get our final thoughts dark soccer your final thought I
want chocolate
And my final thought is I want pizza. Let's get pizza. I think that's a good idea have chocolate after oh great idea
How about chocolate-covered pizza?
Maybe not all right well
Well I guess that's going to do it for another week of Orange on the Radio.
Thank you so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent radio even on weeks
when we're not fully staffed.
Really appreciate it.
We love you guys!
Don't forget to check out our big preview show next week for E3 and don't forget to
come by the E3 Outpost and check that out as well.
Remember, chocolate and a dollar.
Oh!
By the way, I forgot, Nintendo renamed their revolution to the Wii.
See you next week!
Weeeeeeeeee!
Weeeeeeeeeeeee!
Okay, look.
We thought it might be a little fun because
we know that all the other game podcasts that you
listen to are probably gonna talk and talk
and talk and talk about the Wii thing this week.
So we thought it might be fun to
you know, avoid the pink elephant in the room
for a little while, but
how can we forget that Nintendo
has renamed the revolution to
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
I don't need to say much more
more about it okay you read about it on every freaking gaming site out there
you've heard about it
all your friends are probably been bitching about it I know seriously with
the internet is bitching about you want to know what what I don't care what they
name it as long as I get my Zelda crack
exactly can in fact can I read a passage from my life journal that would explain
exactly how I feel I really should have posted this avoid the email part
I should have been remember the live journalist for email all of live
Journal is emo. And MySpace is where the internet goes to die. Oh, but we have a MySpace, so
don't forget to add us over there. Yeah, but we don't die there, we just sort of work like
zombies. Alright, look, I'm gonna read a little passage from my Live Journal that I think
explains exactly how I feel about this whole thing. Remember that's WII we, and I didn't
cross post this to the Stuff Blog because I'm lazy. Here it is. Dear gaming community,
they could have called it the Nintendo Poopmonger, and as long as there's a sexy Zelda game on
it or an innovative Mario title or some kwaii animal crossing game or hopefully a new innovative
franchise, y'all will be anxious to play it.
Remember Nintendo is not after your business so much this time and while yes I agree they
need it to be successful, remember the fact stated above that you'll play a good game
regardless of the name of the system it's on.
This whole Wii thing is highly symbolic of the push Nintendo is trying to make to break
the gamer stereotypes and get this thing playable by anyone.
It's a weird name but honestly you had to expect something like this from
Nintendo.
Let's wait and see how good the games are. P.S.
while you yes you can say we is stupid because come play with my we we haha
it's just as easy to make fun of a sex box or a gay stations.
Potty brains can ruin anything trust me I know.
You know what when I first saw it though and if there hadn't been a pronunciation
guide with it I was thinking
Well, maybe they... Why? I was thinking why, because that actually would make sense in my head.
Because why is like yay in Japanese.
W-A-I. I thought that if they were going to spell it, it would be why.
But we... I'd be like, it's cute! It's why!
You know, I get what they're doing. I don't hate the name so much.
We had the Pico, remember? But that was for kids. It's weird, yeah, but Nintendo isn't...
Nintendo's trying to reach a broad audience. They want that buzzword, that easy word this time,
because they're not trying to reach just gamers. They want everybody.
They want Oprah to come out and talk about her Wii.
Wii! I've been calling it the Nintendo Wii!
And all those potty jokes and things, Nintendo I think hopes to transcend that.
If they can get the name Wii out there, then I'm going to go home and play with my Wii
is not going to have the same connotation that it does today.
Nintendo can get over that, then they've been truly successful. If they can't, they're doomed.
We've actually been having a bit of discussion about this on one of the moderator boards
I'm on, about how... it's just been back and forth, like, we've all decided, though, that
they had to have been on heroin when they came up with the name.
I don't think so. It seems like something to me, and I'm speculating here, it seems
like something that kind of Nintendo Japan probably came up with, and once they kind
of gave their reasons, America was like, okay, we can do that.
And I realized, everybody's like, why didn't you just keep the revolution?
Why didn't you just keep the revolution?
Do you know how difficult that might be to pronounce for some people outside the US?
You might as well call it the Nintendo prel, some of you guys will get that joke, but I
think they wanted something very simplistic.
That's the whole thing they're going for, and revolution also has a negative context
in some places, take the game Dance Dance Revolution, they don't call it that in Europe
because of the term Revolution, I don't know, somebody gets offended by it.
They call it Dancing Stage, which is a completely different name.
So I think Revolution wouldn't have worked worldwide.
And I don't think there's been a console that's changed their name from country to country
in a while.
I mean, yes, we had Famicom, NES, Mega Drive, Genesis, but in the past few years, ever since
the PlayStation era, it hasn't really been called different names in different countries.
always been the same. So I just think Revolution, while it might be appropriate of what Nintendo's
going after, I don't think it was an appropriate name for a console. I don't think it would have
worked. So we all knew something different was coming. I think Wii was just a little bit surprising
to some people. But let Nintendo put their money where their mouth is, let's see some of the games,
and that's really what it's all about, right? Who cares what the system is called? It doesn't matter.
remember we had the Pico we had a system named after food I mean if you're
seriously not gonna buy this because you don't want a Wii in your house I don't
mind having a Wii in my house then Nintendo would that make the following
suggestions to you and it based on a recent rebuttal argument that was made
on some websites out there don't fly Virgin Atlantic don't drink naked juice
don't go to Yahoo or Google because those are all silly names too so I think
In the world of advertising, being that that's part of what I am in school, you have to do
something that's going to be easily memorable, something that people are going to talk about
and is immediately catching.
Well, we've got all three of that already.
How can you forget we?
And then everybody is talking about it because it's like, oh my god, weee!
Seriously?
And then, on top of that, it's easy.
there it's we so Nintendo did a very
risky ballsy thing with this and I'm not
trying to say that oh I'm not I may be a
little bit of a Nintendo fanboy but I'm
just a gaming fanboy I like all the
systems and you know I think Nintendo's
just taking a big risk with this I think
it's a it's an interesting choice but
it's a risky choice and they're taking a
big risk with this but nobody said that
this next-gen console war is gonna be an
easy fight right they can change their
mine too. I don't think they will. I know the internet is convinced there's been
stories that
well the Wii's not trademarked so it's not the real name and all this other
conspiracy theories. Guys, I don't really see that happening.
It's the name of the console so enjoy it. Although I do have to say that I think
Sony has really had the best idea overall
with keeping a single name and just adding a number.
But you know what?
If I'm in Nintendo shoes I can say that...
it's the same thing, it's the same old thing, it's just another fricking game
thing, it's another game system.
Nintendo doesn't want that this time. Nintendo wants something
bigger than your typical game system.
But, in the end? It's a game system. True.
You're not gonna escape the fact that they are still marketing games.
They're not trying to market to non-gamers, they're
trying to make non-gamers
into gamers. And so they're trying to convert the masses.
Just remember as you post to message forums you're
angst about how much you hate the name Wii. Please remember
the golden rule of gaming. It's not the system, it's the games that are on it.
Right, the system is only as good as the games that are on it. So
you know what? If there's good games on this you'll be proud to be a Wii owner.
But in the meantime... Some people have always wanted a Wii.
But in the meantime, oh my god, and now for the real outro
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at
www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next week!
