Tonight, April 16th, 2006, PlayStation 2 considers a price drop, Xbox Live plans another free
weekend, and a little story from some no-name website about Konami releases brings that
site a lot of attention this week hello everybody out there welcome to orange
lounge radio what gamers really want to know this is episode number 181 for this
April the 16th 2006 my name is Rob Roberts but you might know me as sky
joining me as always say hello to the lovely dark Sakura Jamie Summers hey how
How are you doing?
I always forget that you turn this thing off for me, so I will repeat, yo, what up?
How are you doing?
Feeling better this week?
I am feeling better.
It was very weird.
I couldn't move.
Last week?
Last week.
I literally couldn't move, so I had to give blood.
You made quite the turnaround because you were out rocking out last night, right?
I started feeling better by Monday, then Tuesday I felt a lot better, and Wednesday I was back
at work.
I even did my show on Tuesday, even though I said I wasn't gonna.
Did you hear me joking in the last podcast that you were playing hooky so you could stay home and play Kingdom Hearts 2?
You're not far off. No, I'm kidding. I actually did play a whole lot of Kingdom Hearts.
You know, it was kind of one of those things when I was sick when I was a kid.
My mom used to say, you're faking it so you can stay home and play video games.
It's like, no, but as long as I'm gonna be home, I might as well make some good use of my time.
People in the chatroom are saying I sound all stuffed up.
That's slightly true because you notice springtime, and I have allergies, but it went in fact
I was actually up until 4 30 a.m.. Because I went to see the most amazing live band ever
Which was baby land I finally get to see baby land live
I'm so happy because all the other bands were like suck suck more suck, and then the Mormons and this Ninja Academy
8-bit was cool. We went outside
outside, um, for, uh, I, cause I went with a guano girl and she went to go, uh, have
a smoke and we were outside, while, while we were outside, this is video game related
by the way, I hear this bass line, cause they're sort of like kind of weird rap, you know,
group, but they're wearing hazmat suits too, but I hear this bass line that sounds familiar
and it turns out that it's the Zelda music as a bass line.
That's cool.
It was pretty cool, I mean, I wouldn't listen to 8-Bit all the time, but their music was
pretty cool.
you get them on the show at some point?
Maybe, but Babyland owned the stage.
I was bouncing and jumping, and we get out of there
at like 1.30.
I get home at 3.30, and of course I date my LiveJournal.
Like a true addict.
Like a true addict.
I have photos.
I will be sharing photos with our chat room tonight.
But it was probably the best time, I think,
I've ever had at a live show.
And so as a result, I'm kind of in grog mode today.
We went to our Easter brunch that Dan and a bunch of us
do every Easter.
Happy Easter to our listeners, by the way,
if you celebrate it.
If not, happy Sunday.
Easter is a brunch day.
And over there is Loki, who's just waiting
to make a comment.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki, also here.
Hi, I was gonna say Rabbit and Ham Day.
All right.
Anyway, usually we start off the show
doing a little bit of how was your gaming week,
But there's just one story that really caught our attention this week that we have to talk
about this first thing.
It's just such an interesting story that we have to kick off the show with this tonight.
And so we're going to head over to GameSpot because GameSpot ran an article this week
that I thought was very interesting.
Leaked Konami Schedule Reveals New DS Castlevania and PSP Silent Hill?
The source is self-styled online radio station, Orange Lounge Radio.
The official story, apparently Konami reps had not returned requests for comment on this.
Ooh, sounds pretty interesting.
I'm calling April Fools!
I think they're lying.
They're absolutely lying.
Let's see, what they heard, I'm not going to read the whole thing, if you want to check
it out you can go over to GameSpot.com.
Given that its primary focus is Konami's beat-matching series of games such as the popular games
Dance Dance Revolution and Beatmania, there's no question Orange Lounge Radio has its collective
eye on Konami.
So despite the site's low profile, people took notice this week when it crowed that
it had uncovered a slew of unannounced games and ship dates courtesy of a leaked list Konami
had sent to retailers.
So that's the first small correction we need to make, right?
Wasn't this a distributor thing or a retailer thing?
What was this?
It was both.
Huh?
They basically send it to anybody who sells games, we'd probably get some sort of information
like this.
Very interesting.
Blah, blah, blah.
They talk about the titles that this website decided to announce, DDR Supernova is going
to happen on September 13th, Dance Dance Revolution Universe on October 11th, DDR Ultra Mix 4
on November 14th, Castlevania Portrait of Ruin on November 15th.
By the way, that's Portrait of Ruin and then PSP Silent Hill Original Sin on October 18th.
Although very interesting because I seem to recall this website had a giant disclaimer
that said all these dates are subject to change as release dates always do.
And then of course two new Death Junior games, but people don't seem to care as much about
those.
And then I thought this was interesting too.
This list also promises a potentially very lucrative tie-in for Konami.
According to Orange Launch Radio, the list has Karaoke Revolution American Idol arriving
in stores on November 15th.
If true, the game would be the second one based on the mega-popular television series
after Codemaster's dismally-reviewed 2003 game.
Never mind that Konami already announced back in October that they were going to do the
American Idol franchise, I know because we covered it on this program, but you know,
it still is a rumor.
It's a dirty rumor.
Who actually listens to us?
I forgot. Nobody knows of Orange Lawn's Radio. They've been low-key for the past few years.
Alright. No, seriously, I'm picking on these guys over at GameSpot, but I think, actually, this is one of the more well-written articles on the whole thing.
I wonder what that hunk of plastic on my mantle is.
What?
The podcast award.
Oh, oh yeah, yeah. Never mind the podcast award. Never mind that we've actually been doing this for the past, you know, four years almost.
Next month it'll have been four years that we've been doing Orange Lawn's Radio.
But somehow, that whole time, we've managed to be low-key.
So our long-time fans, you know, you've been a part of something for a long time.
I've always been low-key.
Yeah, you've always been low-key.
You know, I'm short, so I'm pretty low to the ground.
No, we don't have delusions of grandeur.
We know that this site has always been an underground, independent thing.
So we're saying this very tongue-in-cheek about this whole underground thing.
We know that, you know, we got a lot of attention this week.
But the question is, did we really deserve it?
I mean, were any of these titles really a surprise to anybody?
No.
I mean, Castlevania was such a kick-ass game on the DS.
Of course there was going to be another DS game coming.
The Silent Hill remake has been running...
That was a rumor. Like, we covered that three weeks ago.
They talked about, well, they were going to make, other than, you know,
the Silent Hill experience, they were going to be doing a PSP game anyway.
So it's like, okay.
Okay, and there was a speculation given from some other commentary about
them remaking based on the movie
Remaking the first game based on the movie and of course DDR is going to have home release
They're not gonna release it at home. I'm sorry never mind the fact that when they were advertising supernova
They said that it's gonna have some connectivity to home versions
Duh, I mean obviously there's got to be a new home version coming out, so I don't know
Do we really deserve all this notoriety?
Why do people care so much about this story?
Because people like release dates.
Even though release dates are always subject to change.
Exactly, they're always subject to change.
So by the time we get down to it, well, to be honest, the DDR releases I'm not too surprised
on because they release DDR about the same time every year.
You get the Xbox version sometime in November, usually the first half, and the PS2 version
sometime in september
so it's it's the same time every year
well i found the whole fall out over the story very fascinating i think the part
that fascinated me most wasn't the notoriety itself because i understand
people care about silent hill in castlevania
and ddr they've got all three of them have very rabid fan bases but what
surprised me
was the reaction on the internet out there to these stories it's really funny
because when ddr freaked bamani style those sites picked up the story
it was reported as fact
but when other sites bigger name sites pick this up it was reported as
rumor which I thought was very very interesting and you bring up a good
point
are people just upset that we beat them to it? I don't know
but now remind us Loki where did this come from it's just a list that goes out
this
came in okay this information got sent to our buyer
the person that you know maintains our item database
this was sent to us and entered into our item database
I merely get a report every now and then when
they change dates. It's basically a date change report
and I notice Bomberman Act Zero, Xbox 360 and PSP. I'm like, hey, I didn't know that was on the PSP.
So I really quickly, I'm like, oh wait, Konami's putting that out? I didn't know that.
So I just, you know, real quickly looked in there and I'm like, okay, let's see what
we got for the rest of the year here. All of a sudden I see all of Konami's games on there. I'm like,
well, hey, this is interesting. Usually though, when I see stuff like this, for example, I've been
saying karaoke revolution country. We saw this before
um, you know, Konami gamers day and usually I don't
try to go out and post this stuff because I don't really find the announcement
of release dates that important. For example, there's games like
commando strike force. It's been delayed by a whole friggin year.
This game was slated for 2004 and
or 2005 and it finally came out, you know, just last week or so.
So, I don't know, release dates to me are not really a big deal, but
I just thought it was interesting because there's a lot of these games that we knew
were coming out anyways
and now that we had dates, it's kinda making it more official. Also kinda gives you an
idea what they're gonna be showing at
E3 this year. Wait, hold on, I thought you were gonna say some more stuff. Hold that
thought for a minute though.
No. Because, okay, here's the interesting thing because
what I thought was interesting about the reaction is that people didn't believe
it when it was on our site,
But, when somebody else, one of the big name sites reported it, then it was validated.
It was true.
Guess what guys?
Those big sites all copied from our list and here's the proof.
The proof is that when these websites ran a story that said Konami leaked information
or whatever, they listed the same dates we did.
But what we didn't tell you was, Loki only posted the games he thought you'd want to
know about, right?
Exactly.
A website that would have found this about Konami games would have picked up the other
Lower name titles that maybe we didn't think you originally wanted to know about but now after all this fear
We we guess you do want to know about yeah, so Loki. What are some other?
Konami games that were on this list
for example
Rengoku 2 you know it's really sad as I actually played Rengoku last e3
I actually brought it with me on my PSP, and I love this game except
But it was really boring.
But for whatever reason, Rengoku 2 is coming out on July 12th, that's what it's slated
for right now.
About the same time I...
No, actually I think Rengoku came out later than that last year.
Anyways.
Yeah, okay game I guess.
God damn screensaver.
I fucking hate these stupid...
That's why you turn them off.
But I like the fishies.
Anyways, on top of that, we've also got...
Let's see here, if you're a Yu-Gi-Oh fan there's going to be lots of stuff for you. You got
Yu-Gi-Oh GX Tag Force coming out on the PSP, that's on November 15th. Xialin Showdown,
which is apparently based on some anime show that's I think on the WB or whatever, coming
out on Playstation 2, Xbox, PSP, and I think DS. And that one's coming out on November
15th. Um, online chess kingdoms, PSP. I am so looking forward to that! Uh, also November
15th. Um. Nerd. Winx Club quest for codex. We are the Winx, we are the Winx. God, I hate
the Winx. That was last year's E3 for me, standing in Konami's booth jamming to that
Winx song. That you know that song? Frightens me? It's stuck in my head from last year's
C3 being at that booth. It's an infectious song, don't ask me.
Yeah, well anyways, Winx Club Quest for Codex, that's going to be coming out, looks like
October 25th, along with Steel Horizon on the PSP, which I believe is a naval warfare
game. Then there's a Marvel trading card game, to be honest I don't...
Is this all Konami? It's all Konami.
Dang. Marvel trading card games coming out on the
PSP, and I want to say the DS, so that should be interesting. I guess they're trying to,
You know, I guess since Yu-Gi-Oh is popular, we're trying some other stuff here.
And I want to say, I think, you know, Gradius Collections coming out next month, June 14th,
but I knew that for a while, Demon Chaos coming out next month, Lunar Knights Vampire Hunt
is going to be coming out November 15th.
And I think that's about it.
Wake me up when we get a Goemon game.
Now what I think is interesting about this is that if anybody from Konami is listening
and is ticked off about this, please don't be.
We're just repeating information that's already been put out there into the retailers
and we figure well since retailers know about this, maybe the gamers want to know about
this too.
It's the same thing like when other websites post a goddamn list from GameStop.
Those are internal lists that they actually scan in and throw online, so I don't feel
too bad to be honest.
And to lessen the blow a little bit, do you have anything from another game company that
people might want to know about?
Hell yeah, we do.
Anyways, no.
Let's take a look-see here, some stuff maybe later on this year.
For example, there was some games, actually they announced Open Season I think this week
as well, that was one of the ones that's going to be based on I think a DreamWorks movie
or something like that, some animated movie about animals getting back at hunters or something.
But that's coming out in the fall.
I do have, what was it, oh what was a really cool one here.
Oh here's one.
Nintendo DS.
SNK vs. Capcom Card Fighter.
It's going to be coming out on, looks like October 2nd.
Hey, that's awesome.
Because I have that on Neo Geo pocket color five years ago.
Can I see the big list here?
Because I remember there were some games on here I thought were very very interesting.
I remember seeing distinctly when I looked at this Disgaea 2, I want to say that was
August, let's see PS2, Disgaea 2, August 30th, I had a guy that used to buy thousands of
these things, Cartoon Network Racing, October 18th, hey there's Dance Factory, that game's
been delayed forever, yeah it sucked, a game based on the movie Cars, is that what that
is on June 7th there um yeah that that's no what was that Naruto I bet a lot of
our listeners that like anime one about that they actually are bringing out the
because I I've known about this for a little while they're bringing out one of
the last Naruto games Naruto ultimate ninja that's coming out June 21st what
was a really cool funny one I saw here and the people might not know about you
ps2 Yakuza is coming out September 13th I know that was one that was pretty cool
I'm trying to think of some really cool stuff.
What's coming out way later in the year there?
I wish this was in order here.
Oh, there's a bunch of 360 games.
Dead Rising, I think the date's wrong on that though.
I think it got postponed, we haven't updated it yet.
Over-G Fighters, that looks kind of cool.
Over-G Fighters is June 8th there?
Yeah, June 8th, that's...
Splinter Cell, Double Agent?
I remember.
Yeah, they got postponed a while back because they didn't think there was enough systems
out there.
Snoopy vs. the Red Baron going on October, or not October, August 16th.
We covered that one.
Yeah, I know.
Alright, so there you have it.
There's, and this stuff is all, you know, subject to change, I mean, a lot of stuff
they announce way in advance and gets pushed back and back and back and back and, yeah.
But I don't know, there's some good stuff.
Mega Man ZX coming out September 13th on the Game Boy Advance.
So yeah, lots of exciting stuff.
More of course coming from E3, granted we might see stuff at E3 that wasn't on the Konami
list.
Oh, absolutely.
I'm sure there will be.
For example, we don't have any Revolution or
PS3 titles in here yet. And there was nothing on a Metal Gear 4, right?
Which, you know, we know Konami's planning but they don't have a date for it yet
obviously. Exactly. So
lots of stuff coming and, you know,
one, I'll just keep an eye out on these dates, you know, if we see anything good
I'll definitely
you know, keep guys up to date on this stuff. Alright, sounds great.
Our Skype line is open if anyone wants to give us a call.
most specifically about this topic here is what we want you guys's feedback on
kinda what do you think about this whole
news story do you think we're full of crap
uh... which i hope by this point you don't but if you do it and say so will
you know offer our witty retorts
uh... do you think that did we really three
i hope i don't think we don't think we don't like free three to be honest if
anything this
who out there i mean other than probably a size actually no goes the e three
looking
to see what Konami is putting out. I mean I know everybody's interested in all the companies
and stuff, but I mean the big focus this year is going to be PS3 Revolution. I think the
fact that we put out the dates, maybe if anything, kind of helped. I don't know. It's only two
weeks away. I mean it's like, you know, it's not a huge spoiler.
Alright, so no calls coming out on the Skype line right now, but our chat room is kind
of a buzz here over at www.orangelandtrady.com, click on chat.
We have Rama says Naruto GameCube sucks, Naruto PS2 owns, or I should say pwns so to speak.
Dark Knight wants to know, oh my god they are going to port the Neo Geo Pocket game,
I wonder if that's in reference to the Capcom SNK card game there.
Naruto 2 is coming out on GameCube October 18th, oh it should be fun.
So you guys, if you guys want to comment on there, www.orangelaungeradio.com and click
on chat.
Here's one I was interested in.
September 13th, only a couple days after my birthday, Power Stone Collection for the PSP.
Here's another thing you might not have known.
Test Drive Unlimited, you know the 360 games, actually coming out on the current gen stuff
as well.
They're reporting it to PSP, PS2, Xbox.
Awesome.
Alright, sounds pretty good.
All right, well since it looks like people are being shy in our chat room right now
I want not want to give us a call
We'll we'll open up skype line a little later for other topics if you guys want to call in and talk about that
But for now, we'll go ahead and move on and talk about our gaming week how we usually start off the show
Dark Sakura, what have you been playing this week Kingdom Hearts and lots of it. Oh
My god, I played just like I was so in a hurry to get past all the rocks
Roxas crap that when I did I just was her like okay that's a relief and then
I played like for hours and I got past the space paranoid part earlier in the
week I waited on that said that Dan could see it because he he's also a big
Tron fan and then I did the thousand heartless battle today I hear that's a
fun part of the game it actually is but it's a pain in the ass cuz what's his
face the guitar boy he's he's a pain in the ass to beat but yeah I had a I've
been playing a lot of that and not really much else just because you know
it puts me back in couch potato mode and I played like a little bit of Ragnarok
was like I don't really feel like trying to get to level 50 today so that's
really been about all I've been playing is lots and lots and lots and lots and
lots and lots of Kingdom Hearts all right I hear it's I hear it's a very
time consuming game.
I haven't touched my copy in a week, I feel bad, but I need to get back into that because
it was a really fun game.
You're playing that dirty Final Fantasy 11.
I have been playing that dirty Final Fantasy 11.
Since Dark Soccer threw it over to me, I'll talk about my game of the week.
I've been playing that dirty, dirty Final Fantasy 11 in preparation for the Xbox version
and the new expansion that's coming out this week.
Pretty excited about that.
I did switch servers a while ago, trying out a new server.
I'm playing on seraph is the server I'm playing on and I am not sky on seraph
I picked a different name because you know, I just wanted I wanted some anonymity on playing Final Fantasy 11
But there is a sky on there, but she's it's a she and it's not me
I have a different name on there
But I ran into a lot of really nice people on that server and and some people that are helping me level my way to
Level 30 so I can get some of those advanced jobs because I kind of want to be a puppet master in Final Fantasy 11
That'll rock as far as other games. I've been playing a whole lot of new stuff
I ordered Beatmania 2DX night style
Like last week and I finally got it this week
so I've been playing a little bit of that beat mania's release here in the USA really got me back into playing that and
Outside of that. I also decided to download mutant storm reloaded the game on xbox live arcade after seeing it at Loki's house the other day and
It's it's interesting because it's very similar geometry wars, but it's not it's like the stages aren't all that same square
and it's it's a pretty game but not in the same way it's it's very sci-fi
looking and like you know pulsing cells and all that kind of look and it's
pretty fun I I think geometry wars is a little more fast-paced and really you
have to be a lot quicker the mutant storm but mutant storm is a fun game but
what I think kind of hurts mutant storm is that geometry war is only five bucks
mutant storm is all is ten bucks so you know there you have it however mutant
Storm to give it a little credit. It does have some additional modes, it has a two-player
mode which Geometry Wars doesn't, but you can't do it on Xbox Live, so keep that in
mind. And so it's got a little bit more to it, but I don't know if it's $5 worth when
you consider that such a great game like Geometry Wars is only $5. And that pretty much does
it for my gaming week. I mean Final Fantasy XI eats up a lot of my time. I have other
games that I'm waiting to try, like Spike brought some games that he wanted me to try
out and I got a copy of Oblivion but for the computer and I want to be checking
that out pretty soon as well so one of my friends let me borrow his copy of
Oblivion so I'll be good I wanted to add something what's that I really really
hate the little mermaid levels I heard the little mermaid levels are I hope
this is a spoiler but I heard they're a little bit beat matching yeah it's like
you have to hit the button on the fourth beat you know to trigger whatever but
The first one sucks, and then I went back and listened to it again in Japanese and the Japanese version sucks, too
There's only like two good songs in the whole undersea part
Mini me 283 says I love that penny arcade comic about Kingdom Hearts 2. I didn't I unfortunately didn't see that one
I was hoping maybe you'd seen it. Yes. I have it's Winnie the Pooh merging with Sephiroth. Oh wait
I didn't see that I did yeah, I did see that. Oh, it's funny
So Sepiros in this one too?
Yeah and he's not what's-his-face anymore.
Lance Bass from NSYNC? Yeah, but
whoever is Aerith sounds like she's stoned.
Uh, Manus Avari from American Beauty. She sucks. I don't like her in that.
And she's gonna be her in Advent Children. I would have rather had Mandy Moore in
that saying something.
But she's like, oh, I'm on drugs.
Want to get high?
Loki, what have you been playing this week?
Well, I've been playing Mutant Storm Reloaded. I played that last night.
And that was fun.
I'm getting tangled here.
And I was also playing more Oblivion.
And that's really cool.
And I'm cheating. That's even better.
I did an item dupe.
So I have all the Uber stuff now.
stuff now. It was kind of neat though, I got this really magic enhanced katana and I took
off someone's head with it and it was cool. I tried to kill a horse and people didn't
like that very much. But, what else? I played Realm of Roses XX and...
I had been playing with the photo taking mode?
No, I did create a character though and it looked pretty cool.
You don't get much to start off with, but it's really neat how they do the different...
how customizable it is. I did make a character that looked like
Ms. Swan from Mad TV. I was gonna say you were telling me about Ms. Swan. I wish you could have seen this.
That was hilarious.
Actually, the Ms. Swan character,
all you have to do is basically take the default character that they give you and
just make her fat and she looks like Ms. Swan.
so I don't know and then
what else did I do I actually apparently
I played Mario Kart GP I can't tell you anything about it
because I don't remember yes Loki's bachelor party was last night and as
part of it he got to go to golf land to play some drunken miniature golf and some
drunken Mario Kart I was there
I filmed it and I think it's going to be going up on the website at some point or
maybe the MySpace or something I don't know
We'll have to put it somewhere on one of those sites so we still need more people on our myspace
So maybe we ought to put it over there. We'll put it on both put it on YouTube. It's
The whole
Drunken a-hole from no-name site plays Mario Kart drunk
It was great. I think the best part was you know how Mario Kart arcade will take your picture
Before you start playing the picture that you did was so friggin hilarious. I can't even describe it
you guys are gonna have to wait for the video it's great I'm converting the
video tonight Jeremy Todd one says put it on olrpsp.com so yeah we're definitely
going to be doing that yeah the 23rd magus says we need a drunk show I hate
to tell you but probably not gonna happen for a little while gonna be
somewhere during our next three-day weekend yeah oh yeah next the next
three-day weekend is Memorial Day weekend at Fauna me yeah we're doing the
panels at Fauna Mae so we'd love to meet some of our listeners. Yeah, and like like
the last really bad drunk show I did get very sick. There will probably be some
drinking at E3 Outpost because I know we're supposed to be doing that with the
folks over at AllGames.com. They've got the little E3Outpost.com and
they're supposed to have a bar so that might be a good time. That makes me a
happy bunny. Yes, yeah, we'll see. The whole thing is, I don't know, last night was
pretty bad I mean it was really bad I mean it's always your bachelor party you
were supposed to I don't remember half of it I guess that's supposed to happen
but luckily even though I can't remember it we do have it on video and I'm not
sure I don't think obviously I want to put the the Mario Kart thing because I
watched that today for the first time and I laughed my ass off I thought it
was hilarious the face that I made was great oh you're so funny I know that was
yelling at the volcano because it could
yeah mil foolily says and I totally
butchered that name sorry says that we
should put it on wiki quote
unfortunately I think Matt's wiki quote
got VFD'd today I don't think it's
there anymore so sadness but no more
wiki quote for us now if somebody wanted
to create one under orange lounge radio
they might be able to get away with it
this time I don't know we'll see
yeah we're we're too busy converting
videos to our ourselves on wiki but we
We know you guys love the wiki.
Then of course, I did play more Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories, so it's all good.
Awesome.
Alright, let's get into some news from a bunch of no-name websites out there that we want
to share with you guys.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm totally kidding.
And I thought we'd start it off with this story tonight because I think this is very
interesting and it's kind of a follow-up to this whole fallout that we were talking about
earlier.
as people reacted to our news as, who are these guys?
This story comes from gamedaily.com.
No one watches online video game TV and basically it's this report that was done by Forrester
Research and the report found that 25% of online households have expressed interest
in podcasting but only 2% have experimented with audio downloads and only 1% of households
actually got a podcast onto a player.
So podcasting is still kind of a very niche thing and they're saying that, you know, when
you consider that PodNova has 55,000 different podcasts available out there, it's still not
really catching on.
I still say it's too new.
I realize podcasting, you know, it's a very trendy thing in the nerd culture right now.
I think it's still going to be a little while before we see this catch on.
I think video casting, honestly, is where it's at and I'd love to do a video thing someday,
but we have our own internal things to work out first before we do that, but I think until
it gets to the video level, that's when it's going to really be able to compete with cable
and satellite and all that good stuff, and it's starting to happen to some extent, but
even the video casts that are available out there, most of them, about half of them, are
pretty much shows or forms of shows that you can already find out there on the TV, so I
think that's probably why this hasn't really caught on just yet so something
to think about their online video game TV do you guys listen to any other
podcast besides this one maybe that's our have time yeah I even listen to this
one maybe that's part of it I listen to a couple but I wish I could listen to
more but I don't like listening to my own voice so I don't listen to our
podcast okay it's just I've just always been like it is a little weird hey no
no not your voice I'm saying it's a little weird to hear yourself back well
you know you're way too but no no uh I just kind of get weirded out by that but
I just never have any time you know I've downloaded a few podcasts from you know
for people I've actually met like at the podcast Awards mm-hmm and I've listened
to a few others you know I try to check out the ones that are out there but I
can't really dedicate any real time to it since I'm in school we have some
comments in the chatroom or in the loungeradio.com, click on chat.
VxjasonXV says, video casting is for porn.
Gives a little salute, a mode icon, yeah, there you go.
Rama says, bring back the OLR webcam.
Maybe, well, maybe, I don't know, we'll see.
And some other folks in chat are talking about some of the other shows that they
listen to.
Some folks that listen to shows over at allgames.com or
shows that are affiliated with all games, such as Video Game Show.
Some folks saying they listen to Dignation, DreamStation CC, I know they sent us something
a while ago, we played around Christmas time.
So very interesting.
I think Overnight Scape was one of the ones I was listening to off and on, because I met
the guy who runs it.
He interviewed me at the podcast.
I remember, I actually heard that, it was pretty cool.
Alright, and you had an interview on the All Games podcast, didn't you, on Friday?
Yeah, All Games Interactive.
Yeah.
Good time?
Sure.
Sure. I was like in such a
rush that day. I don't remember what I was doing.
I don't know. That's alright.
Let's move on to another story. Let's go over to
Dark Sakura. Got any news on the
classic gaming consoles? I have something about the PS2.
Classic enough. It's gonna be classic pretty soon. Seriously, it's alright.
I can't believe I've had my Japanese PS2 for like
ever. I have a first model one and it still works.
That's, a lot of people... How's that for defeating the odds? Mine still works too, but I don't have a
first
gen. I got mine a couple years after it was out. I bought my Japanese PlayStation 2
pretty much just for Beatmania.
I picked up a couple other games, but pretty much that's the only one that gets
played on it.
Well, there's actually reporting from CNN Money,
from Chris Morris at CNN Money, stating
that the PlayStation 2's price is going to drop.
Um, right now it's at $149,
um, but now that the Xbox 360 is really
staying there, um, it looks like, uh,
they're gonna be dropping the price by about 20 bucks. Very cool. So,
you know, in light of all these new systems coming out, they're gonna be a little more
expensive. I think it's,
you know, formulaic almost that these old consoles drop in price a little bit.
So, some folks who still don't have a PS2 will be very happy. It's $20 though. I mean,
if they really wanted to make it, they've already made back their money
they should drop that thing to 99 and clear them out.
They just sell a hell of a lot of games that way. I heard a rumor that they're
actually talking to
99 later. Maybe 99 will come at Christmas when PS3 is already out.
I mean who out there is going, damn I'd buy that PS2
if it were only twenty dollars cheaper. Every dollar counts though if you're trying to
budget out. You know not everybody is
in the games enough to wanna buy a GameCube,
a PlayStation 2, and an Xbox. Never mind the DS, the PSP, and all that other stuff
too. You know, not everybody is
sick like we are and buys all those systems. Not everybody can afford it.
I mean, I budget for those types of expenses but, you know,
not everybody can do that. So, every
every penny counts. A penny saved is a penny earned?
I don't know, whatever. A penny saved is
a penny that you already earned a penny set aside
a dollar saved is when you should send to me it
that's a phrase that I've never been able to to get behind
just because a penny saved is a penny earned but you've already earned it
so you didn't earn it twice what's up with that pennies aren't worth anything
anyway
could you get behind the dollar saved as a dollar you should send to
orange launch radio I already says in my intro to pump up the volume to send me a
dollar
Two people have sent me a dollar.
For real? I didn't know that.
Two people have mailed me a dollar bill.
Where's the cut?
Where's our cut?
It was invested into the show to give me beer.
Oh, okay. Fair enough.
That increases my entertainment value.
Loki, for those folks...
That bottle of fat tire that's in my fridge.
Loki, for those folks who are ready to graduate to the Playstation 3
and can't freaking wait for it, what's the latest on Playstation 3?
Well, you'll get to play it at E3 this year, which is awesome.
Except you gotta wait in line.
A long line.
A very, very, very, very, very, very long line.
So basically, yeah it will be there, but it's gonna be pretty much like the PSP was when
they first showed that a couple years ago.
Long line.
You know, Sony and Nintendo love to do the, you know, long line to play something.
I'm sure this year Nintendo's gonna have a long line to play The Revolution.
a big surprise you know hopefully there will be some actual games there it gives
it that exclusive club feeling to it in a way you know like yeah I got to see
the ps3 83 and you didn't you know one of those things like I didn't I don't
wait in line for Zelda last year I know I'm crazy but I I just felt my three
hours I was waiting I could have waited in line to see Zelda or I could have
actually taken time to really look at some of the things in Kenshi a hall and
there's some pretty you know good gems down there every year so I'm saying if
rumor or fact on this PS3 thing? I guess we don't really know until E3, right?
I'm gonna say probably fact, because it makes perfect sense.
I mean, look at last year, they even went a step further at Microsoft's booth and they
said,
hey, you gotta be pressed in order to play the 360,
bitch. So just because you deem it fact, then it must be fact, right?
I'm speculating. I'm pulling that completely out of my ass.
You might remember a classic video game. We're jumping from classic to new, but
This is classic out of this world. You remember this game out of this world. It was released in 1991
I want to say it came out on the Sega Genesis was one of the systems. It was on this was a game
I never really got into but I know it has a really cult following to the game and
It was a really nice-looking game and used 3d polygon like really before it was because I mean this was 91
And we didn't really have PlayStation and things until super Nintendo baby. Yeah, super Nintendo had it too
Well, a brand new version of this was released, and you can get this at www.AnotherWorld.fr.
By the way, Another World is what they called this game outside the US, so if you are one
of our outside the United States listeners, you know this game as Another World.
So check out www.AnotherWorld.fr, you can download a shareware demo and unlock it for
only 7 euros.
It's only about $8.50 in US dollars, so check it out.
If you're a fan of this game, you still love this game, it's a high resolution version,
and the screenshot that I see here on this site, it makes it look very pretty, so definitely
worth checking out if you have fond memories of this game.
I think that's kind of a neat concept, too, to re-release your old game with a high res...
Of course, I guess this has been done a million times before with Namco games and other collections.
How about the whole Sega Ages?
I guess this isn't really a new thing to do, but I don't know.
Something about this game in particular, seeing as it was more of a small title, it's kind
of interesting to see this get re-released.
Where the hell's my remade friggin' blaster master?
You will get your remade blaster master when Jamie and I get our remade guardian legend.
Thank you very much.
Drive-thru.
Hello!
Borderbun!
Or was it borderbun?
Broderbun?
Broderbun?
Buh-buh-buh-buh.
Ugh-buh.
Borderbuns?
Border...
Burntbuns?
Well-formed squishybuns?
Do they even exist anymore?
You know what else they made?
No.
The print shop.
Remember the print shop?
No.
on the dot matrix printers and it would take like an hour to print your damn
banners that was you had the green and white paper wasn't that them I'm pretty
sure that was that shit do you know what sucks is that my old computer lab at my
college had dot matrix printers with the green and white paper comments from the
chat room www.orangeonstray.com click on chat lots of celebration around
blaster master 23rd magus would like you to know Broderbund also did where in the
World is Carmen Sandiego, which is another big title.
Yes they did.
Moving on to another story, let's head on over to Loki.
Yes, we have some news on the Xbox Live Arcade game.
Actually I have this game, yet have never played it.
Got it for free with one of those 12 month kits.
They get the headset and all that stuff and they give you Bank Shot Billiards 2.
Anyways, Bankshot Billiards 2 is now getting a new update to make it 3D.
This is news actually that was posted via Major Nelson on his wonderful podcast.
You know what's interesting is I tried to download the demo of Bankshot Billiards 2
and when I try to run it, it connects to try to get the update and then says it cannot
download the update in this time and kicks me out.
So I tried to download the demo to see this 3D-ness and it booted me out.
I also thought was very interesting 1200 points for that sucker that's 15 bucks
if you want to play that game it's not that good of a game really probably not
it didn't look it didn't look like it was something I had to own but a lot of
my friends list is playing it so I'm like what am I missing out on and I like
Yahoo pool I don't like billiards games I only have this on my 360 because it's
free that is it all right you guys like to send us emails once in a while over
www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com, you can send your emails to Mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com and when you do so DarkSakura will dig through the email
and pull out some of her favorites and scold them on air.
I have to wear a hazmat suit lately. And last week we didn't really, DarkSakura
wasn't here so we did some MySpace messages because people have been sending
us messages on MySpace so we did a couple of those but we need to catch up
on some emails so let's have DarkSakura get on the suit, dig in the mailbag, pull
out some hopefully not anthrax what you get um anthrax bring the noise um we have one from blaze
uh hey sky loki and dark sakura why is my name not first i mean gee watch it after hearing the
discussion about kingdom hearts 2 and the extremely slight chance of an mmorpg i started thinking
about it in order to avoid having everyone as a keyblade holder thus resulting in no bad guy
characters perhaps a movie could introduce an evil keyblade allowing for
a balance of characters just a thought also I don't know if anyone still cares
anymore but Microsoft is seriously sending out their Xbox Live diamond cards
as fast as they were putting out the Xbox 360s sky by the way absolutely love
need for speed most wanted on my Xbox 360 how dare you bash it I I didn't
hold on I I may have bashed it and said how horrible looking it is but I also
said I couldn't stop playing it for like a whole week and I think that says
something that you can have a good sometimes there's it's it's the reason
why when games are reviewed by people there's that fun factor that contributes
really big to it that's outside of graphics outside of sound side of all
that crap there's fun factor and for whatever reason and I still can't put my
finger on it I found that game to be so much fun on the subject of eating
healthy while gaming I will take a six-pack of propel water I used to drink
this stuff all the time and drink that instead of a bunch of soda as always I
love the show keep up the good work that was good but it got to be a little too
sugary for me when I started cutting out a lot of sugar so now I'm drinking
oxygen water which gives you very clean breath that sounds like a way to rip you
off at the store it actually was cheaper than the other waters which is why I
bought it all right fair enough what else do we have um well um did you
already cover the MySpace message from Joey? Yes, that was last week. Well fine then. Sorry,
I'm stealing my thunder. Well look, you weren't here. Hey, I'm kidding. Yeah, I was in a coma.
I was dead at the time. You're gonna be back in a coma if you don't start reading some
more email messages. Hey, this is rude to point. Better watch out or I'll like kick
you from chat okay um got one from Robert M this is hey a lot of Rob's
involved with orange launch radio I noticed we have Rob way I'm a Rob now we
have Rob am all right hey again I didn't think you'd read my question on your
show let alone when there are two weeks worth of nails to go through thanks
again I've gone ahead and picked up beat mania and have two observations and two
questions about it. 1. Despite being a hopeless, hopeless novice right now, I really prefer
7-Key, the 2DX mode over 5-Key. The latter seems to only have 3 level 1 songs while 7-Key
seems to have a better variety of songs suited for all skill levels. 2. You mentioned the
overly colorful and technotrippy interface. To me, what it reminded me of most was Amplitude.
Although Harmonic's name doesn't appear on the game, I'm wondering how much involvement
the team had on this one. Zero. It's all Konami. Konami made this game the very first Beat
Mania was in 98 and I want to say the first 2DX was 2000 or 2001, don't quote me on that,
but somewhere in that area. Actually no wait, Beat Mania was probably 97 because DDR first
came out in 98. Beat Mania was 97. Needless to say, they're old. The emulator that was
the thing at the time was bm98 that's right that's right okay i still have bm98 why it sucks
no it doesn't because it has all of the all of the neat like the person who did the um
the metal gear music all right with the oh no the truck has started to move all right
speaking of amplitude and sort of of frequency is it possible to use the beat media controller with
those games i haven't really tried it but it seems to make sense doing so um i don't know i don't
think it works because I don't it those seven buttons on your 2d x controller
are not like circle square remapped it's a completely different signals I don't
think it works I I think they should I think harmonic should have released a
controller for those games I think it would have been a lot of fun but the
last one finally which of the songs on beat me in the u.s. would you most like
to see on TDR supernovas eventual console port just curious mr. T and one
of the club mixes of 20 November would be my pick I hate 20 November yeah no
So somebody in chat wanted me to say that earlier.
20 November's okay, but it's not as great
as people say it is.
Bad Boy Bass, hello, I love that song.
I'm really not very excited about many of the things
that are in BeatMania that aren't already on DVR.
There's stuff from like 8th Style I'd still like to see.
So, like I still wanna be able to play,
crap, now I forgot the name of the song.
that's right it was it was the um
I'm really mad at myself now for forgetting the name of the song cuz it
was the one that I was play
all the time the kind of a
Caribbean sounding one I want monkey dance
spunk spooky no no
that did neither of those sound alright forget it forget it neither
those sound anything remotely like that I'm okay we also have one from
I guess it's...
Our love?
You know, I've been wondering something for a little while now.
I have been listening to you guys and Gal for about a year now as a podcast.
On a consistent basis, you guys seem to bring your classic and more often than not obscure games from the past.
Which I love, by the way.
So my question is this. When are you going to do a strictly classic gaming episode?
I believe I remember that being suggested in passing on a show right before you changed to the new format.
I kind of miss DarkSakura's tips section when I hear the music for the mailbag, but oh well.
Um, I would speculate we'll probably do that if there's going to be a show where we want,
we can't be here again. Like, uh, a couple months ago, Loki had to fill in a couple weeks.
Uh, if we have time to pre-tape in advance, we'll probably do a classic game show next time
we're all not gonna be here. But honestly, because of E3 and everything, none of us can really afford
to all of us be gone.
I know, are you out next week, Dark Soccer, for birthday?
Yeah, I'm gonna be in a coma.
And then you're out in two weeks for wedding, right?
Yes, so are you.
But is the wedding on Sunday or Saturday?
Yes.
Oh, I thought it was Saturday this whole time.
Oh, it's Sunday.
Oh, crap.
Then maybe there'll be one coming up sooner than later.
We'll podcast your wedding.
Probably the day of Loki's wedding.
I joked about that, but yeah.
We need to plan on that.
probably the day of Loki's wedding since we can't do a show live maybe we'll do
that that's a good idea well maybe we can invite some other folks talk about
it too be fun well um there's also another bit on this when we mentioned
captain and he brought up kid video I used to watch kid video religiously when
I was what seven so yeah I know kid video is about a little garage band
they get sucked into an animated world it had the little pixie girl who would
sneeze and it was really crazy yeah I remember kid video do you remember kid
video no I've never played that game it's not a game oh so you're not even
paying attention that's correct I also have one from Mike G first off I'd like
to say that your guys's show is so awesome and I think you I think you guys
for bringing updates every week even if it's games that you don't like but let
me get out right to the point okay um first of all punctuation there is not a
single punctuation point except at the very end of this email I just thought
I'd point that out and I'm a grammar nerd yes you are so let me see if I can
I'm good at interpreting that stuff okay okay let me get right to the point I was
I was listening to your podcast last week while you had the guy from Konami.
Well my question is, I hear everybody talking about DDR Supernova, but for some reason it's
like they skipped flor- flor- dia?
I guess it's flor- flor- flor- Florida.
Florida.
But it said flor-dia.
Alright.
We have no release date or anything.
If you guys can give me a link or even some kind of update, I would be really grateful
because I know a lot of people out there that don't know either and you guys wouldn't just
be helping me but many people, thanks and keep up the good work on Miles Radio for Life.
You guys will get it.
I mean, every state's going to have it.
I think it wants to know when Supernova's coming out in Florida.
Supernova's coming out in Florida when Supernova comes out for everybody.
And I guess the rumor was that they were taking orders for the first 50 machines and then
it closed.
I don't really know how much to really credit all that, but I would say it was supposed
to be out this month, right?
So any day now, really, we should start seeing these machines pop up.
I don't think it'll really spread like wildfire till over the summer so you have
to wait till summer for your local arcade to get this
but if you live near a big city with a big arcade
that has had Xtreme and the other DDR games
this one will be coming as well just give it time
but yeah we don't keep tabs on every arcade in the country so we can't ask
don't be afraid to ask your local arcade it's a good way to show
that you support it too. DDR Freak. DDR Freak has a locations listing
That's true too. Anything that's put up there, being a moderator there,
we regularly verify those to make sure
that, you know, ratings, location, everything is there. Just use DDR Freaks.
Exactly. Location listing. I also, though, like the idea just to ask the arcade operator
because that shows that there's interest in the game and they're more likely to
order it.
It's very powerful. So get all your friends together and ask. Don't be afraid.
Couple more emails. Alrighty. Another one from Robert M.
I just listened to part A of the podcast
And I'd be genuinely surprised if the majority of those 50 launch titles
weren't the NES, Genesis, TurboGrafx-16 downloadables.
Uh, also, I think he'll found out in part B. I kinda corrected myself there.
Yeah. Well, I figured I'd go ahead and address this. Um, hopefully we'll see as many as six full retail
available titles to go with those.
Just out of curiosity and to compare how many Xbox arcade launch games were there.
Um, there's a question.
I'm sorry, I was reading chat. What was it?
How many Xbox Live Arcade games were there at one point?
Like 20?
No, not that many. Maybe 10.
10?
The first week that Xbox was out, probably about 10. I really don't know.
I'd say 10 to 15. I can't remember exactly. I bought a lot of them, but not all of them.
I think there was about 10. Ask Major Nelson, he'd know.
You say that and I keep thinking of I Dream of Jeannie.
Sorry.
The last one says, hey guys doing a great job with the podcast.
My favorite thing to do after work is to play World of Warcraft while listening to the show.
Right on. Alright, that's so cool. Speaking of World of Warcraft, did you...
Alright, sorry. Okay, sorry. Go ahead.
I saw the most effed up video this week and it was...
Lord of the Rings? No, no, the people crashing the funeral party.
Like, somebody in real life passed away, and they were holding an online funeral service
for this, I think it was a she, that passed away.
And since it was on a PVP server, these guys had posted about it on a forum, and what happened
is that, I think it was a Horde character, well a bunch of this whole big group on the
Alliance side came to the funeral and killed them all.
That's horrible!
Part of me is like, that is so wrong, but there's another half of me like the same half
that really likes South Park and that fucked up stuff that goes, you know, like, and I
know it's really wrong, but that's, let me put it this way, it goes to show why I hate
the PVP servers on World of Warcraft.
Sorry to this guy if you're a PVP player, whatever floats your boat, I personally hate
the PVP servers.
I had bad experience with the PVP, but anyway.
Can I finish my email now?
Yes you may, sorry.
Thank you, Rob!
Although this isn't exactly headline news like the Red Steel screenshots drool, I work
for Philips and they're working on this new technology which sounds like something I've
only dreamed about.
Imagine feeling the rush of wind when jumping out of your plane in Metal Gear Solid 3 or
having your sofa rumble and all the lights in your room flicker red when Sephiroth appears
in the flames in Final Fantasy VII.
This could be really cheesy, but if the technology is really good and becomes widespread, and
developers start creating games with this in mind, along with how excited I am about
the innovative revolution, the next few years could be huge for gaming, and where it's headed.
I gave a link to ambx.com, there's some video on the site that gives you an idea of the
lighting effects we're talking about, lightning strikes, and all the lights in the rooms flicker,
a plane flies by and creates a rush of wind, sure it's from dinky fans, but still.
And this isn't just for gaming, suppose it's for movies, music, PC versions of games are
supposed to already be released this year, and console versions next.
Look for this at E3.
Think this will catch on?
If not this, then technology like this revolution seems to be a step in that direction.
Keep up the good work.
If you use this, you can refer to me as Bear Who Drive...
Bear Who Drive Car.
I'm sorry, I actually didn't see that until the very end.
My apologies.
Um, P.S.
I'm not a Nintendo fanboy, but it's ridiculous how much I want a goddamn DS Lite.
I also agree with Sky, Final Fantasy XI is going to die shortly after Xbox 360 has released this expansion.
I did say, I said that, I guess I must have.
I don't think it's gonna die, I just think it's gonna, I actually think it's gonna...
Oh, I remember what it was. The comment was that I said the third expansion is gonna be the last one,
probably, and then it will start to die off.
I don't think it'll be shortly, but I think, you know, in the next couple years...
There will always be crazies that play Final Fantasy XI, probably I'll be one of them.
Just like there's crazies that still play EverQuest, and you know I use that term
endearingly, but I think the popularity,
you'll see server consolidations in a good two years.
So, the other thing I want to comment on that, the whole
room lighting thing, that technology's actually been around a while.
On the Commodore 64, I remember this, there used to be a program
where you could have the Commodore 64 control the lights in your house
for like when you're away on vacation or whatever, you could have the Commodore 64
regulating the lights in your house. So it's not this huge... Uh, I think this is a little something different.
Well, no, I know, but I know it's a completely, but they're saying that, you
know, you want to change the lights red for when Sephiroth comes in, all this other
like lighting effects you can do in your house, right? No, it'd be more like an
interactive station.
Alright. But, um, they actually, there were things very similar to that, the
previous E3s, like the,
what was it called, the ass kicker or something?
that that thing that you put under your chair and it makes and you feel the bass
in your butt or something
I got I thought that thing was kinda cool but you know like it
especially for the music games or for some the effects in the games
you know I I think though that
having something immersive like that is gonna be pricey but I think it really
would enhance the
experience be interesting alright
Is that it? Alright. You know what, with all that we're just one step closer to the
holodeck
from Star Trek. That's where gaming will be in 50 years. It'll be the holodeck.
You know, I had this conversation with somebody like a year and a half ago.
We were doing our big Trekkie nerd discussion and we were talking about how holodecks are
like
the Nintendo of the future. Pretty much. Someday we'll do this show in a
in a holodeck form. It'll be amazing. You could, you know, sit on our laps during the
show. No, please don't. That's violating us.
Anyway, moving on, I think we have a contest to settle, do we not?
Perhaps.
That's right.
We have a little giveaway that we did last week, and that was with 24.
We said we were going to give away a prize pack.
We said you had to email us, jack24 at orangelaunchradio.com, with two people that had died during season
five.
We're going to pick ourselves a winner right now.
MarkSakura, give me a number.
That many times nine.
Something between one and that many times nine.
Four.
Four.
You always keep them low.
Let's do this.
One, two, three, four.
Here's our winner.
Our winner is...
Oh, I have to verify that they got two characters right here.
Yes, they said David Palmer and Edgar Stiles.
Those are indeed two people that died this season.
So say congratulations, everybody, to MiniMe283 won the 24th contest.
One of our chatters.
Yes, one of our chatters. I like it when the chatty people win. Good job!
He was actually, I think, eating right now.
So he's away and didn't even hear that.
Yeah. Alright, well...
That would be mini food.
Alright, so DarkSucker, you remember what they're going to win in that prize pack?
Will I forward this to myself here?
Oh, I'm sorry. It was the game and the shirt, right? Yeah, a bunch of stuff.
That'll be good times.
So big thanks to our buddies over at 2K Games that are hooking us up with these prize packs.
Appreciate it.
It's awesome. People like to win free stuff. They like to win free stuff so much
that we're going to give away something else right now.
We're going to give away also a copy of
Amped 3
for the 360. That's right, for the Xbox 360.
And you've played this game a lot, Loki, right? What do you do in this game?
Well, it's a basic snowboarding game. It's really... what kind of sets it apart is the way they kind of do the storyline.
It's done with like sock puppets and just weird... it's just very trippy. Very punkish. So definitely worth checking out.
And yeah, really cool game. A lot of people kind of skimmed over it and now it's only $39.99 I think out there in stores.
so if you can find a used copy that's even better
so check it out. Alright let's give that one away right now we're gonna do
Loki give me a number between one and that many times 10
okay let's go with
14. Alright let's see
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,
13, 14 and
Is that the same person that won last? No, I don't think that is. I think this is a different person.
So I think this one wins. This goes to MikeG1amp3.
Good job. Excellent. Congratulations to you, my friend.
You're a winner. Thank you to everybody that participated,
and we'll be doing more giveaways in the future, of course.
Alright, let's move on to our next story, and that comes courtesy of me,
Final Fantasy XI, you know I've been playing the crap out of that game lately
and I thought this is very interesting the new expansion Treasures of Ot Urgen
comes out
on April 18th although I have a feeling that's the ship day meaning it'll
probably really be on shelves the 19th
yeah here's the thing even if you buy it on the 19th
you can't actually play it until the 20th of April
because the reason why they're doing this is because the game will be out in all
territories until that time so essentially they're
giving everybody the shot at starting at the same time
secretly I think there's also a 420 reference to be made in there
but regardless even if you buy this expansion realize you can't use it
until April 20th is when they'll actually turn it on so kinda interesting
I like that idea though keeps things fair yes April 20th where the secret
secret character
junkie will be available that's right junkie whore will be an unlockable job
class in the new Final Fantasy I'll be great
and they'll all be Mithras
Imagine that, they'll all be Mithras.
I thought they'd be Taro.
I would play a Taro junkie whore.
I think that would be fun, actually.
It'd be a good time.
All right, Loki, what do you got?
I've got some info about the IEMA and VSDA merging.
And of course, I always hear about the VSDA,
just job-related stuff.
The Interactive Air Team Merchants Association,
basically the VSDA of video games, and the VSDA,
the Video Software Dealers Association, who basically represent all the mass merchants,
video specialty stores, etc. Well, now they're combined, so it's going to be one place for
all the interactive software sales and stuff. And basically, they have to say, by coming
together in one organization, the retailers, distributors of DVDs and video games will increase
their collective power and the benefit from business acumen and product knowledge of one
another. And that's basically quoted from the chairman, VSDA chairman Bob Geisman. So,
I think that's pretty cool. That means I might have to go to VSDA this year. I don't know,
they always throw a really cool show down in Vegas. So, right about the same time as
the porno convention. Right next door.
What do you think the long-term effects of this will be on the game industry?
That's good. You're gonna see, definitely
you know, the IEMA
and VSDA are gonna be, you know, ones saying
you know, hell no, we don't want these stupid video game laws, you know,
ones that they're trying to pass limiting the sales of this stuff.
It's definitely, you know, gonna be easier to go up against people that try to
propose this kind of stuff.
which is always good, I think, you know, let the parents regulate what
their kids play. So, always a good thing.
Alright, let's go on to our next story,
Dark Sakura! Some people are a little too into this guitar hero, aren't they?
Yeah, they've been taking hacksaws to it. I mean, sorry, they were hacking
into the controller. They were hacksawing it with a hacksaw? It got hacksawed hardcore.
No, they have actually, a group of
students at University of California decided to
try to turn the Guitar Hero peripheral into
a real instrument. They've mapped different WAV files into the controller's
buttons so that you press the button and it will start playing the loop.
And so you, because you've mapped the different sounds, you can sort of play
different stuff on it. It's more like,
well, I don't know, like... It's a MIDI sequencer. Yeah,
that's what I was about to say. But,
but I mean, even Red Octane's kinda,
you know thinks it's pretty cool there's a quote here that says
we in harmonics both very much I'm sorry are both very much encouraged by this
type of fandom
having a game that a community like this thrives around is a great achievement
but it's the community that keeps it going they're awesome so
I thought that was actually a quote from Jon Tam I like that they endorse the
hacking that's pretty cool of them
you know well you know how I honestly think that
we're gonna see more new innovation based on the fan community
you know because I really see that a lot of
game companies are not going to be as willing to experiment in depth
but when it comes from the fans they see that there's a type of interest in this
type of thing that
it might turn on a few light bulbs and have the hamster wheels moving
Alright, moving on to another story
there's this new Spike Lee movie The Inside Man and
Inside the inside man. There's actually a scene and this is a story. This is a news article coming from joystick.com
That actually there's a scene an inside man that uses grand theft auto or a not the actual game
But a grand theft auto like game
To do this very violent scene where I guess some guy gets a hand grenade in his mouth or something is the scene there
in the game
But it's in the movie, because they're trying to depict video games as violent.
And Spike Lee is hoping that this scene doesn't actually get done in a future game.
He explains,
I just hope people understand that that is an absolute statement about my horror at how
violent these games that young kids play are, and also the infatuation with violence and
gangster rap among the black community.
It's not a real game, but not that far-fetched from the games that are being sold.
It's my thought that Spike Lee has decided to believe everything he sees on TV.
You know what?
That's not violent enough.
I'm not satisfied.
You want to see more?
You want to see more violent stuff?
Hell yeah.
Alright, might I also point out Spike Lee has brought to you many different films out
there.
Trying to think of some of these that are R-rated movies that he's done.
What is Do the Right Thing R-rated?
I think so.
see yeah USA that was an r-rated movie and let's see how about Malcolm X was
that rated R as well I wouldn't doubt it uh actually was pg-13 still not
appropriate for children under 13 though you get the idea here I'm just kind of
trying to be a smartass on this one you know Hollywood puts out the violent
stuff too so I don't really get it it seems like it's the pot calling the
Kettle Black, which is probably a really bad analogy to use in that scenario, but...
You know what? I believe this is the way we should eliminate, um, contestants from American
Idol. But... I think they need to have Battle Royale.
America does not like your singing, therefore we will take off your head.
You know what MMO we need? Battle Royale. The MMO.
That would actually be a lot of fun. I want a game that's just shoving grenades
in people's mouths. It'd just be a big PVP.
Maybe that could be like the game, you know how, uh, people always make games to answer
Wait a second! Wait a second!
What? I do remember a game where you shove grenades in people's mouths. What?
Blaster Master! That fucking frog had it coming to him and he tossed grenades in his mouth!
Fuck that! Spike Lee, you were beat by it quite a long time.
But that's when you hit pause while it's exploding and then you wait like six seconds
and unpause and it'll kill him.
Exactly, but still it's been done.
Yes. Blaster Master did it. You know I think somebody should make a game that's
like kaboom, but instead it's just a giant mouth that's catching all these grenades falling
from the sky? That'd be great! What a perfect response to this article. And send it, send
a nice little care package over to Spike Lee and say, with love, the gaming community.
Loki. Speaking of movies soon to be made. Yes, they're making a movie for Cold Fear.
Basically, a press release put out by Dark Works S.A., the leading French video game
developer, although I thought Ubisoft was the leading French video game developer, but
I could be wrong, that they are, I don't know, they're putting out another movie that's going
to probably be crap.
Are they making it in French?
Or what?
I don't know, to be honest.
I see video game movie for a game that I haven't played
you know
I don't know
although it should be noted that Darkworks
they
did previously release Alone in the Dark The New Nightmare
which if I remember correctly I think that one sucked
I think that was the last one that came out
well moving on to a title that everybody recognizes uh... at least
quite a few million of them this week
what game would that be? Dark Soccer?
that would be a skies voice the game yeah right
actually a kingdom hearts to hit two point five million uh...
it's actually approaching ten million uh... in the world
it's pretty cool huh
wow that's a lot of uh... sales but yeah but for japan and north america top two
point five million that's one point two million for japan since uh...
december twenty second one point three million in north america since uh... the
twenty eighth of uh... last month
uh...
this series worldwide has hit 8.5 million
with the European release they're expecting it to top 10
10 million and actually
the numbers are well-deserved it really is a very well done game
very cool this game might sell that many copies
probably not but Metroid Prime 3 is going to be the flagship title for
Nintendo Revolution
what? well that's what they're saying Nintendo is going to be showing this
fully playable at the E3 Expo.
Now I'm wondering if it's not Metroid Prime 3 on GameCube but with
revolution enhancements
sorta like they're saying is going to happen with or that would have to be
happening with Zelda.
I think that's a little more along the lines of what's really going on is that
Metroid Prime 3 is probably a GameCube game but
with revolution aspect to it. So that should be very interesting because
this game kind of... Metroid Prime 3. Huh? Prime 3. Right.
That's what I said. You said Hunters. Did I? Oh, I'm sorry. Metroid Prime 3.
My bad. So Metroid Prime 3 is going to be shown at E3.
And this kind of came out of nowhere a little bit because I think the focus has
been on the Metroid DS game that people sort of forgot that, oh yeah,
I guess they could do another sequel to Metroid Prime if they wanted to, huh?
So, be very interesting to see how that goes. They could do billions of sequels. They could do billions
among billions. So we'll see what happens. That should be an exciting time. I really
liked Metroid Prime 2 at last year's E3, but I never really...
I mean, it's just my GameCube. I have to be honest, I don't play it so much because
there's not a lot of new titles to get really excited about on GameCube anymore.
Maybe with the Zelda, we'll see. One more story for this segment, Loki.
Yes, you know when you thought that
you couldn't whore Burger King enough in 360 games,
well you're wrong. They're gonna actually make their own
Xbox 360 games. That's right,
Burger King is going to be making
games for the 360 and Xbox. I guess they will be Xbox games that will be fully
compatible with the 360 that will be gonna be selling for three dollars and sixty
nine cents.
I'm sure these will be
top-shelf games. You'll be buying them with your Angus
cheesy bacon
steak burger, which I might add by the way isn't very good.
Not a very good game. They do have three games that are going to be coming out
very appropriately deemed action,
fighting and racing. The action game, they're comparing it to
Halo or Destroy All Humans
which, okay. Which will probably turn out more like Wolfenstein 3D, but yeah.
The fighting game is supposed to be combining elements of Street Fighter
and moral combat.
That's excellent.
Who's the king gonna fight? We all know the king would be, who's gonna fight?
I don't know, who cares?
the evil, he could fight, he could beat the shit out of Hamburglar and Ronald McDonald
I don't know, they might have problems with that.
And racing is basically gonna be combining
or they said it's very comparable to Need for Speed
or Forza, which I had to laugh. They do have some
or I should say Kotaku posted some
screenshots or I guess, I don't know
Internal documents or something? Something like that of
concept art I guess. I heard they've gotten a little bit of hot water
yeah yeah but the screenshots are hilarious
there's like one that's looking like the Kings trying to like give a hamburger to
some prostitute
and there's another one where... Is that for real? Come on, this shit has joke written all
over it like
a commercial or something marketing campaign. Well
I don't know but you know it'd be interesting to try out, let me put it that way
I don't know what kind of achievement points I can get for the Burger King games.
Because that's really what I'm concerned about.
Alright, looking in the chat room for some comments there.
Psycoon suggests World of Burger Craft.
That might be fun.
Ota G says Burger Combat!
Plays a little music behind that I'm sure.
DJ Poo Eater says Clerk Killer.
So the King could be fighting all the Burger King employees.
employees that might be exciting who knows oh you know what how about the BK
kids club remember the BK kids club that's who the king needs to regulate on
that would be fun that'd be kick-ass all right we're gonna go to a break here
we'll be back a little later on with more of orange lounge radio orange
lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the world
twice a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's
Orange Lounge Radio.
