Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly To listen to the first half of this episode visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
Alright, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is April 23rd, 2006, our show for tonight, episode number 182.
Kid Whatever from In The Groove is going to be here in just a little bit.
But first, we've got some more news to get to, and Loki's going to start us off with Nintendo Revolution.
Yes, go Revolution.
Anyways, one of the games that's...
Some form of it's coming to the Revolution.
At least that's the rumor according to Famitsu Magazine.
It would be Knights.
Yes, Sega's Knights is going to be making an appearance on the Revolution.
It'll definitely be interesting to play that with the Revolution controller.
Don't know if it's going to be a new game.
Don't know if it's going to be a port.
Do know it's going to be coming.
Squee.
A lot of fans very excited about that.
I think they should make a new game.
I think it'd be cool because it's flying around stuff and I'd really work with the remote.
Or controller.
We want to keep calling it a remote because it looks like a remote but it's a damn controller.
Alright.
also a very popular series coming back officially announced this week on the Xbox 360 Fantasy Star Universe is going to be coming out well we all knew it was coming but Sega has now officially announced it there's going to be an epic story a single player adventure there's going to be of course the online mode as well real time battles where players choose their own strategies kind of different than most MMOs Fantasy Star is like an action based MMO a little more so especially than any other and
Not entirely quite MMOs, more like a Guild Wars type MMO, Instanced Dungeons.
It's basically Diablo 2 in 3D, but don't tell a Phantasy Star fan that, because they might resent that.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Diablo 2 is a great game, but that's really what I felt.
When I first played Phantasy Star Online, I was like, this is Diablo 2 in space 3D.
Seriously, that's what it felt like to me.
I don't know, maybe I'm just weird.
Let's see, what's the release date for this?
I'm trying to see.
It was somewhere on here.
Maybe it's not on here, and we just announced it a couple weeks ago, right?
It's in September, isn't it?
We announced it a few weeks ago, and I don't have it in front of me.
Otherwise, I would tell you.
That's right.
Let me do a find for the word September.
No, it's not showing up, so much for that.
So no official release date yet, although it's September.
Hold on.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Nope, that didn't come up either.
So they didn't announce the official release date.
But that's on PlayStation 2.
That's the only thing that they had announced on currently.
But I'd imagine it's coming out at the same time.
Makes sense.
But it's coming out on Xbox 360, which is a little bit of a, oh, hey, cool.
It's coming out there too.
So a lot of folks will be picking it out there.
Hopefully not as tricky to get signed up and play as it is with Final Fantasy XI.
Yeah.
I remember Phantasy Star was kind of...
Easy on the original Xbox to sign up and play, so I don't see why the Phantasy Star universe wouldn't be any different.
Alright, moving on, I also have a story here.
This ran on Kotaku.
Apparently there is a lot of buzz around the internet this week about a new Kid Icarus game that's supposed to be happening.
Because there's this artwork circulating around on the internet, and they're going, OMG, finally, Kid Icarus on the revolution, is it finally going to happen?
It is.
I guess it was actually published on a Korean game site that said that this was supposed to be happening.
Well, guess what, guys?
It actually... We lie to you!
Somebody got it from a DeviantArt website.
Some guy made this on DeviantArt, and Kotaku actually links the dude's DeviantArt page, and there it is.
There's the concept art for Kid Icarus Revolution.
So it's not this guy's fault, it's the Korean website's fault that sort of perpetuated the rumor, but...
There are some fools right now who just need to be smacked straight off the face of the internet.
You know what, though?
Come on.
Can you blame them?
Kid Icarus?
Kid Icarus is a beloved... It's a beloved Nintendo franchise for the past, what, 20 years now?
That still has never really seen anything next-gen.
Didn't they have something on Game Boy or something?
They had a Game Boy release.
That's a minor release, too.
It wasn't even a major deal.
So we're left hanging here, guys.
Why is it?
I don't understand why Nintendo does not want to touch this franchise again.
It doesn't make sense to me.
Maybe they think they can't do it justice.
I mean, they have... Wait, what about this flight game that they're doing with Hudson?
You think they might have a cameo?
No.
It's a little far-fetched, but... It is.
Way too far-fetched.
When they're talking about bombing runs and stuff, I don't think you're going to have Kid Icarus doing bombing runs.
No thanks.
I don't know.
The BOA Network had a lot of range when you upgraded it a lot.
All right.
I posted the link there to the DVR on our page because some folks in chat were asking for it.
So if you want to join our chat room, if you're listening live on Sunday night, www.orangelawntradio.com.
Click on chat.
But our chat room is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
You can just pop in there any time.
And there's some lurkers.
Magus, you lurk in there a little bit, don't you?
All the time.
In fact, I'm in there right now.
You are, even though you're here.
I'm just watching myself do nothing.
That's all right.
You're logging what people say about you in chat on what a horrible job you're doing tonight.
I'm teasing.
You're doing great.
And you've told no really bad jokes tonight, which I appreciate, might I say.
Give it time.
Give it time.
We still have half the show to do.
All right, Loki, some Xbox Live news.
Yes, lots of fun stuff.
But first off, demos.
Tiger Woods...
And finally, getting the demo on Xbox Live, as well as Amp 3, the game we gave away last week.
So definitely check those out if you haven't yet.
Of course, the Speed Pack's up there for Project Gotham Racing 3, as well as the more co-op stuff and new cameo downloads as well.
And lots of stuff going to be coming, especially E3 week.
Talking about a demo for FIFA World Series.
Cup Soccer 06, and more stuff like that.
MotoGP 06, or 2006 is supposed to be coming too.
Which looked really cool.
Alright, excellent.
So keep your eyes out on Xbox Live for that and plenty more demos.
We're hoping a lot of good stuff during E3.
It's just me though, does the marketplace need a facelift pretty bad?
It's starting to get a little, it's just too much there.
They need more user, it's not a user friendly system to me.
Custom Gamer Picks
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We're going to have to filter that.
That's true, because you could just put a big pair of titties right there as your gamer picture and there's no screening process.
They're probably going to have to...
Filter and approve every single custom avatar.
People putting offensive things like, you know, who knows.
The postage stamps a while back.
Remember that?
People were putting like Hitler and things on postage stamps and there was a big no-no.
So I think they might be opening up a huge can of worms we're not prepared for.
Oh yeah, and I think the Ghost Recon Vance Warfighter demo was on there too.
I think that came out a few weeks ago though.
I think there's an offline one now that's available.
I think there was an online one, now there's an offline one.
I think.
Don't quote me on that.
Just going off what I read.
I have to admit, I don't follow a whole lot of the news of that series.
I kind of just go online and try to be surprised when I see stuff.
Yep, GK128 in chat agrees with me.
The new demo is one player, as opposed to multiplayer.
I don't like those multiplayer demos.
I think it's kind of cool, but you should have a demo that you get to pick whether it's multiplayer or not.
It's just my thought.
Alright, well it's been a little while since we've had an interview on the show, right Loki?
A little bit, yeah.
Alright, and we haven't really talked enough about music games tonight, so we should bring on somebody to talk about music games tonight, right Loki?
Hell yeah.
All right, well, we have another special guest on tonight's program, and that person is Kid Whatever.
Music game fans recognize the name Kid Whatever from his contributions to the In the Groove series of games.
If you watch the anime convention circuit, you may have also heard the buzz around his live appearance at SakuraCon last month.
He has a new CD out called Hi, I'm Sorry I'm Late.
I brought some records, and he's here with us tonight to talk about his recent accomplishments.
Kid Whatever, are you there?
I'm here.
How's it going?
Hey, pretty good.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
How you doing?
Thanks.
I'm tired.
Tired?
What have you been up to?
I've been exhausted.
Non-stop stuff pretty much for the last month or so.
Ever since getting ready for SakuraCon and playing up there, and then came home, got my album released, and then we shot a music video last week, which we just finished.
So it's just been non-stop work, work, work.
Awesome.
Can we check out that music video on your website, kidwhatever.com?
You can, yep.
Awesome.
Well, first, I've got to go back to the past and kind of set the stage here for those that may not recognize your name.
You're involved with the dance game In The Groove, right?
That is correct.
And how did you get hooked up with the In The Groove project?
Kyle Ward, the main music producer, who I'm sure you guys are familiar with, he and I go way, way, way back to just being 19, 20-year-old DDR brats.
Yeah.
When he got hooked up in the game, he just asked me if I wanted to take a shot at making a song for it, and I made While the Record Spins, and they put that on the test machine up in Seattle, and everybody loved it, so just kept going.
We just ran with it.
Now, While the Record Spins isn't really credited to Kid Whatever, though, right?
So you use multiple... Yeah, I have used a few different names for the game.
It's just, you know, if I want to explore a different kind of sound or something, I'll just...
It's purposefully to confuse you.
Well, it worked.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, I noticed now you said in there that you and Kyle met through DDR.
So you guys were a fan of music games before In the Groove?
Oh, yeah.
Way back.
Yep.
So what do you think about all that?
I know this is a touchy subject, but I'm kind of curious what you think about all that controversy going back and forth.
Is it just stay far away from it or...
As far as what the... Like, you know, the whole DDR in the groove.
You know, it kind of polarizes the fan base and all that stuff.
Lawsuit and all that stuff.
I don't really know any details about the lawsuits.
I can't really talk about that.
But, you know, there's room for both games, honestly.
I love them both.
They both are good in different ways.
So I don't really see the point of
You know, DDR versus In The Groove.
I think there's room for both games.
Love them both.
Embrace them.
There you go.
Well, obviously people in the community feel the same because In The Groove 3 was announced not that long ago, right?
Uh, you know, I don't know.
I'm pretty sure they had announced it at some arcade thing that they were going to do In The Groove 3, so...
There's a couple things that I've done.
I want to do some more but we haven't really had much time to talk with that.
Kyle and I have both been very busy with a lot of other things so hopefully pretty soon we'll get a chance to meet up and talk about that stuff.
Everything's still in the very early stages then?
I don't know, as far as my contribution, yeah.
Okay, okay.
Well, now, outside of the In The Groove series, you played SakuraCon recently, and there was like, what, 2,000 people there?
How did you get involved with that?
A friend mentioned that SakuraCon was going on, and they were going to have a dance, and I just decided I wanted to DJ at it, and it was just pestering everybody I knew until I finally got to go up there and meet with them, and
They said, yeah, and they let me do it, and it was just awesome.
It was so great.
I've never played for that big of a crowd.
You know, when I do shows here in Portland at home, there's maybe 50, maybe 100 people, and that was just incredible to see 2,000 people dancing to my stuff.
It was great.
So do you plan on doing more of these anime shows in the future?
Like, is this going to be maybe a thing for you, traveling the convention circuit, or...?
I don't know yet.
I'd like to.
I just don't really, like this one being here in the northwest, I was able to make connections pretty easily.
But outside of that, I don't really know anybody, so...
I don't know, if you're out there, send me an email and let's talk about it.
I'd love to play more of them.
Alright, awesome.
Well, let's give them a sample right now of whatever it sounds like.
We're going to play a track.
This song was included in In The Groove 1, which is available right now for PlayStation 2, as well as still some arcades out there that haven't upgraded to In The Groove 2 yet.
But I believe this song carried over into In The Groove 2.
And then now this is out on PC as well, right?
In The Groove?
Or it's coming out or just came out?
I'm not sure.
I think it came out.
I think it just recently came out.
Well, here it is, one of the tracks from the games.
I think I like that sound by Kid Whatever here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
I think I like how that sounds!
Yeah!
I think I like how that sounds!
Yeah!
I think I like how that sounds!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
I think I like how that sounds!
Yeah!
I think I like how that sounds!
Yeah!
I think I like how that sounds!
DarkSakura
DJ Ranma
I think I like that sound
Right on.
You have a new CD out called Hi, I'm Sorry I'm Late.
I brought some records.
First, I have to know, where's the title come from?
It's a very unique title.
The title came from... I feel like I should have had an album out a long time ago.
And there's been a couple of plans in the works to put out like in the groove soundtrack CDs or CDs with my songs that are in the game.
And all of those have fallen through repeatedly.
So I finally decided, you know what, I'm just going to do it myself.
So it's an apology, and I hope everybody will forgive me for not having something out sooner, and we can rock out together.
Awesome.
Now I was going to ask, do you think that the success of your songs in the In The Groove game is what enabled you to put together this CD?
I think I probably would have done it anyway, even if it wasn't for the video game.
What types of ways have you been marketing this CD out there?
Mostly just word of mouth.
That's really all I can do at this point.
It's hard.
It's really difficult when there's so many people who are making electronic music and putting it on the internet that people just kind of have stopped paying attention.
So just word of mouth, message boards, email lists, just telling everybody that I possibly can, hey, come check out my stuff.
And we just made a music video, so hopefully that'll help a little bit too What's the music video for?
It's for the song Disco Express And how did you come up with the concept for the music video?
What'd you guys do for it?
I had me and about four friends over here And we just decided to basically make jackasses out of ourselves That's the way to do it, fun
There was definitely an idea and it all kind of came together at the last minute.
I think we spent five days on it total from concept to final edit.
Yeah, you should check it out.
It's on my website at kidwhatever.com Pretty much non-stop Tetris BS.
Right on it.
It's the first time since I was like 9 or 10 that Tetris has taken over my life.
So I've been hanging out on the internet a little bit, hanging out down at Backspace, a little internet cafe here in Portland, and kicking everybody's ass.
Alright, so are you willing to give out your friend code over on kidwhatever.com?
Oh yeah, I should totally put that up.
Alright, right on.
Check that out.
Anything else, any other projects or live shows coming up soon that you want to plug?
Nothing yet, just trying to plan a couple things.
Probably going to have a CD launch party here next month in Portland, but it's still too early to say.
But I definitely want to DJ and want to book some more gigs, so just keep watching on my website and I'll announce stuff as soon as I've got it all sorted out.
Alright, awesome.
So keep an eye on Kid Whatever over at www.kidwhatever.com.
Hey, thanks so much for being on the program tonight.
We really appreciate it.
No problem.
Thanks for having me on, Rob.
Alright, best of luck to you with your CD.
Thanks.
That was awesome.
I'm glad he can come on.
Anyways, the next story we have is coming from... It's actually talking about the Major League Gaming finally coming to the USA Network, which is interesting because I've never heard of Major League Gaming, but it should be cool.
Anyways, Wall Street Journal was reporting that they basically have signed a deal to do a series of seven hour-long shows that are going to be airing on Saturday morning starting this fall.
Featuring competitions between gamers ranging from really serious games from Halo 2 and Super Smash Bros.
That should be interesting because I remember they tried something like this with Arena on G4.
I don't know, it was an okay show, but I don't know.
Well, you see, the problem with that show is that it was on G4.
Have you watched G4 lately?
No, actually no.
It was old school G4.
It was okay.
It was actually one of the better shows on the network probably.
Like most things on G4, it kind of went downhill as time went on.
I sat today.
I actually flipped to G4 to see if there was anything on.
I flipped ahead seven hours in advance.
I would have had to wait seven hours before I actually saw any programming that had anything to do with games.
That's how bad it's gotten.
Or is it Star Trek 2.0 all day?
Star Trek Next Generation, Fastlane, Brainiac, Banzai.
You know what they should do during E3?
Forget protesting outside the convention center.
People should be protesting outside G4's booth.
Bring back gaming television.
That's what people should be doing.
And it's all in the same patterns MTV.
You know, if G4's booth... Same exact patterns.
Yeah, but at least MTV stuff, they kind of have, you know,
Some music related stuff.
It's sort of music related.
They'll have music artists doing shows and stuff like that.
This has nothing to do with anything.
This is Star Trek.
I have a word of advice, kiddies.
If G4's booth is in the same place it was at last year, you don't have to have a badge to get there.
because it's in the lobby and it's even before the place where you pick up your badge holders.
So you could go and if you wanted to, I don't know, protest, hold up a few signs where the cameras are, let them know what you think, what's going on.
You could be there.
Rabble, rabble, rabble.
Exactly.
If you want to cause some rabble, just saying, not that I'm encouraging it, but I'm just saying.
If you wanted to exercise your free speech and protest right and gather right, you could do it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Anyway, moving on to another story here.
The official Nintendo magazine might be hinting a little bit at when they're going to be actually putting out the Nintendo Revolution.
An upcoming issue of the official Nintendo magazine divulges info on Sega's upcoming Revolution games.
The article also promises a look at Activision's big project, which I assume is probably the Tony Hawk game, and Ubisoft's groundbreaking revolution title.
Another page seems to hint at the finalized date of the release for the revolution, 27th of October.
This, of course, would line up with the whole we're going to launch before Thanksgiving comment, although that should be more of a duh because
Of course, your console's got to launch before Thanksgiving if you want it to be successful.
So, 27th of October, sound reasonable?
Sound a little early?
What do you think?
Sounds about right.
We'll see.
Time will tell.
Otherwise, this is just kind of another big question mark.
Loki, what else you got?
Ah, yes.
Gotta love when people cause violence over video games.
Um, actually, in, uh, Nagasaki, um,
They basically had two teenage brothers fighting over a video game console.
One of them ended up dead.
Two enter, one leaves with the console.
But anyway, seriously enough, close to midnight, apparently two siblings, one 13-year-old and one 15-year-old, fought at home about putting away the video game console.
Young brother was punched and kicked repeatedly until he was unconscious and died later in the hospital.
First World of Warcraft and now video game consoles When will the tragedy end?
Where was their parents?
I'm just waiting for the revolution to come out When you actually will be able to use the revmotes to beat them into submission There can be only one
You know, stories about stupid people like that that kill other people over gaming systems make us really mad and get us angsty and that means it's time to bring on the anthem for the FUs of the week.
DarkSakura no esta aqui tonight so Loki, you gotta start us off tonight.
I dislike Rockstar and their lack of programming ability in Grand Theft Auto or at least lazy programming that's in there I shouldn't have to find out later, six months later while enjoying the really wonderful single player game in Grand Theft Auto that the multiplayer does not work correctly especially the multiplayer in teams because you don't want to try it out that fucking sucks and really more attention should be brought to this type of thing because we've seen it with San Andreas and how they left in the hot coffee stuff
And now they're just leaving out parts of code for, you know, the multiplayer.
Fucking release complete games.
Stop patching your games.
Stop releasing, you know, stuff that's not finished and not working.
I'm sick and tired of goddamn game publishers out there just dropping the ball on the stuff saying, Hey, you know what?
Who cares?
We'll fix it later.
My AFU of the week goes to the cunt that broke into my car sometime over the week and that's the third time now since I've lived in this apartment complex my car has been broken into.
The good news is that this time the alarm scared him off because the first time I was like, okay, whatever, cars get broken into.
The second time I was like, okay, I'm getting an alarm on this fucker, seriously.
This time...
They broke the window and that was it.
They didn't even bother to take the radio or anything because the alarm obviously scared them off.
So I hope you learned your lesson, you stupid thief.
Why do people feel the need to steal things from out of my car right in front of my own damn house?
It's not like I live in that ghetto of an area.
It's actually kind of nice over here.
It's just the problem is the other side of the freeway is where the ghetto is.
So I think they all come over here to break into our cars.
And seriously, I call the apartment complex to kind of complain, like what the hell is security doing?
And they're just like...
Well, it's just part of living in Sacramento.
It's like, okay, I've lived in Sacramento, bitch, my whole life.
And I've never had my car broken into until I lived here.
So, needless to say, Orange Lounge Radio Studio 4 in October because I'll be moving out of this place.
Thank you very much.
And it's a good thing they haven't broken in here yet.
Try to steal something.
Like the equipment.
Can you imagine if the Orange Lounge Radio equipment got stolen?
Wouldn't that be something else?
Andrew, you're FU of the week.
All right.
This has been holding out for a long time.
Well, maybe a week.
Maybe a week.
That's a long time.
Okay.
FU to these...
Just masses of people who are just overreacting.
Now, if you go to GameFacts.com, you'll notice that Cinez kind of changed the logo, changed the design of the site around to match more with their sister site of GameSpot.
Now, we have all sorts of people on the forum.
Did they really?
I haven't seen yet.
Oh, I'm going to look.
Yeah, they are changing things around like that.
And they have a nice little GameSpot logo piggybacking on the GameFacts logo.
and for such a minor cosmetic change, people are freaking out left and right, saying that, uh, basically... It's just because it's another reminder that they sold out to the man.
Well, it was that or have the site go under, but there are just people just freaking out over this, over what's just a cosmetic change, saying, soul, a site is gone, and now that the administrators are offering add-on premium services...
They say, oh my god, now the entire site is going to pay.
Seriously, fucking chill out.
What is there is gonna be free.
What is new might be paid.
Okay, I have to play Devil's Advocate for a minute here.
I'm saying I personally feel this way.
Here's Devil's Advocate.
Because this is mostly a user content site, is that why people are maybe a little miffed at this whole thing with the GameSpot logo?
Because I wrote that back.
I don't want GameSpot's name attached to it.
Only because they can't read.
All of the user-submitted stuff is copyrighted by that user.
GameSpot CNET has to talk to them.
and have them sell their FAQ to CNET for them to have it on a premium contest system.
They gave it, but they still have the copyright over it.
Everything that is free will stay free.
So people just need to shut the fuck up.
It's just a cosmetic chain.
It's nothing more than that.
Seriously.
Chill.
Alright, you can address those cards and letters too.
What's your name over on the GameFAQ forum?
The 23rd Megas.
There you go.
Are you a mod over there?
I applied to be a mod, got rejected, had sort of a user map issue.
Why did they reject you?
I had a user map issue.
I was sort of logging in from work and my user map was huge.
I didn't think it was exactly secure.
Oh, please.
At least that was the reason they gave you that.
Would it help if we wrote a letter endorsing you?
No.
Would that help?
No.
Oh, that might hurt you, because we're a no-name site?
Why would you want to mod GameFAQs, to be honest?
I don't know.
I've been there for, like, five years.
They have pretty big message forums, and, you know, you might make friends there.
Yeah, but the message forums is, like... That's almost, like, MySpace-ish.
They're...
Okay, okay, okay.
There are parts that are pretty goddamn dumb, but you can find little nuggets of intelligence there somewhere.
You know what?
I bet people try to find a game on there that's like really old school, like on an Atari 20s.
Like, hey, let's all go meet on the Keystone Capers forums.
People do that.
I have done that.
I have a secret board.
Well, it's not so secret anymore, but I don't want to say it on the air.
But people have done that.
I think I know what it is because you told me before.
I told you.
I'll be nice.
I'm not telling anyone else.
I'll be nice.
But seriously, you can find some intelligence on there.
Obviously, not as often on places like Random Insanity, but occasionally on current events on some of the secret boards, you can find a lot of good content.
All right.
But people are just freaking out over nothing, I think.
All right, there you have it.
All right, views of the week, boys and girls.
Take them or leave them.
Moving on.
There's another list.
I brought a top 10 list.
Now I've got a top 100 list coming from Next Generation Reports.
That's next-gen.biz.
Develop Magazine mentioned what the top 100 development studios are.
Man, did they list them all.
It starts off with 100 is Hudson, 99 Magic Pockets, and all the way through.
Let's see.
Finally, we get to the top 10.
at some point here, and let me see if I can get to the top 10 real quickly here.
10.
Sony London Studios 9.
Traveler's Tales 8.
EA Redwood Shores 7.
Polyphony Digital 6.
Ubisoft Montreal 5.
Nintendo 4.
Maxis 3.
Konami Core 2.
Pandemic Studios 1.
EA Canada
was named as the number one development studio.
What the criteria were, I'm not quite sure here.
Let me see if I can check that out here on the beginning of the articles.
I'm very curious.
How did they determine what was the 100 here?
Let's see.
It's saying that Develop is a definitive success game studio.
It's ranked in terms of their UK sales.
Interesting.
All right.
I'll check that out if you want to.
That's from Develop Magazine.
Lists always sure to cause controversy there.
Comments from our chatroom.
HitStun says, no treasure, that list fails.
Point taken.
Alright.
Moving on.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Another list.
This time it's a good list.
It's a list of the games that Capcom's going to have playable at E3.
Goody goody.
Starting off with PlayStation 2, we have Okami.
Finally, which I think was playable last year too.
Yeah, I want to say it was shown last year too.
God Hand, which looks pretty cool.
Street Fighter Alpha Anthology.
Yeah, another collection.
On the 360, Lost Planet and Dead Rising.
Hell yeah, Dead Rising is going to be awesome.
PSP, Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins and Monster Hunter Freedom.
Surprisingly missing would be the
Powerstone Collection, and the Capcom Classic Collection Reloaded, and the Capcom Puzzle Collection.
DS, Mega Man ZX, and Game Boy Advance, Mega Man Battle Network 6, Psybeast Gregor, and Psybeast Falzar are the two games that they're going to have for that.
Comments from our chatroom over at OrangeSoundsRadio.com.
I like this nickname, Control-Alt-Effed.
says, Capcom, home to the endless Mega Man game sequels.
And DJ PooEater follows up with Mega Man XXX.
That's true.
Capcom has done a lot of Mega Man.
Where the hell is my Mega Man Legends sequels?
Yeah, seriously.
That was a good series.
That would be, you know, hey, if you don't want to continue it on with the, you know, PS2 or whatever, PSP,
Bring it on the revolution or something.
Hell, remake the first game.
Make it bigger.
Actually, I've heard rumors that ZX is going to have a couple of ties to the Legend series.
I'm not sure if those are confirmed or not.
No, Mega Man Z was last year's DS title.
I think it was just another side-scroller game.
Dance Cook in our chatroom says, Needs more Phoenix Wright.
Yes.
Actually, they are translating the Phoenix Wright sequels.
but for mobile phone however it would not be too hard for people who are into say ROM hacking to take the translated scripts for the mobile versions and insert them into the Japanese GBA games so we'll have to see how that turns out well that's a lot of game I never got into Phoenix Wright Phoenix Wright they're just sold out right now that's all they're making more
Did I mention that they were making the tentative date for the DDR Mario Mix was in May, May 17th?
What, for the new Mario Mix?
Well, it's not new, but it's being brought back out because it's been sold out since October.
Yeah, I think you said May 17th or something.
I don't know where the hell you got that from, though.
I think Roz in chat is pissed because I called her Dance Cook.
Look, you changed your nickname.
That's what I'm going to credit your comments to, so just be careful.
If you change your nickname to I'm Stupid, I'm going to say, Hey, I'm Stupid in chat says this.
All right.
Something I ought to try.
Unless you change your nickname to something derogatory about myself or Loki or DarkSakura, then I just won't read your damn comments at all.
Damn it.
So, got you there.
Moving on, another story here.
Movie, movie, movie madness tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
Of course, we talked about Silent Hill in the first half, and Roger Avery played a big part of the Silent Hill script there.
Guess what?
He's also going to be writing Driver.
And not only is he writing it, he's directing it.
This, of course, Driver, the big Atari franchise, which I remember most of all from Driver 3 because it was so god-awful.
And I'm kind of surprised that they're actually making a movie out of this, but whatever.
I hope they do.
I hope the actors have bad AIs.
They're like, can't figure their way around walls, you know, having trouble.
Lots of polygon clipping in the movie?
Shooting through cars, you know.
That'll be fun.
What do you think?
Will the connection to Silent Hill, which was a pretty good gaming movie, you think that's going to help this, or nothing is going to save this franchise?
I think, to be honest, okay, he's a good writer, and it should be good.
I don't know, I have to admit, even though I like Silent Hill, the dialogue...
Well, neither did Fast and the Furious and it sold.
TheWheelMan
Exactly.
Like this title coming to Japanese arcades.
Basically, part of Japanese biggest English school, Nova, they basically teamed up with Konami to bring this English learning game that's going to be coming to arcades.
Titled Study Abroad by Gaming.
So it's going to be really interesting.
Basically a bunch of mini-games that are going to be taking you through language exercises and stuff like that.
To be honest, I wouldn't think of learning another language as my preferred arcade game when I go to an arcade, but then again...
I'm not Japanese.
I hope I'm not the only one who just sees the irony in that.
A company in the past known for very bad translations of games, say, I Feel Asleep, is teaching Japanese kids to learn English.
How's that gonna work?
The truck have started to move.
Are you in joy?
I hope they've really put some polish into it, because I think Konami's gonna need it in this case.
Sqeenix
Square Enix, and Taito, of course, they've been coming together lately.
They're also going to be launching a music and film enterprise.
What happens is that they came together with Faith Inc., which is a digital content solutions provider, and they're going to be coming together to form Brave Inc.,
They're going to be investing a total of 80 million yen in the startup, 10% coming from Squeenix, 30% from Taito, and Faith going to contribute the other 60% there.
Brave is going to be working with ringtones, downloadable karaoke tracks.
They're also going to work with music and movie studios to produce and fund their own projects and develop...
Develop user communities around those movies and recording artists.
The new company will start up operations at the end of the month, and all the earnings will be reported under Faith Inc.
So kind of interesting there that they're going to be working a little more with music and film, so possible tie-ins to later Squeenix titles.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Kind of a little blip, but that might turn into something big a little later on, so I thought we'd mention it.
Loki, another movie piece.
Yes.
Now, Silent Hill came out this week in the theaters, but that's not the only movie that came out that was Silent Hill.
Silent Hill No Escape has actually been developed for a while now.
It's an all-CG movie that's been done by a fan.
I actually got to watch a little bit of this, and it's actually pretty good.
It's Pyramid Head in it.
I haven't gotten that far yet.
So, I don't know.
Thumb wavering down.
Better be.
But anyways, it's definitely worth checking out.
It's free.
If you're interested in checking out, they actually have a torrent for the DVD image so you can burn it to a DVD and watch it.
and it's it's a long movie it's about two hours long um some of the animation is a little rough but it's definitely Silent Hill so check it out noescape.rateofinjury.com and check it out there um they have a torrent um he's talking about actually that's not like using the game to make movies right or what do they call it red versus blue stuff no this is a
A total CG movie that's been done.
That's pretty hardcore.
Talk about a lot of time going into it.
Definitely worth checking out.
Granted, it may not be the greatest movie, but it's still worth checking out.
Definitely look into that.
YouWillBowToMe wants to know, is the dialogue better in this?
It's actually, from what I've seen so far, it's been silent.
Oh, so it's not just a clever name.
It's actually kind of a silent movie.
But I think there is dialogue later on.
But it is kind of very creepy-ish.
I mean, you've got to check it out.
All right.
Some would say this woman is part CG, but Angelina Jolie has signed on to star as Lara Croft in Tomb Raider 3.
That baby fat she's gonna get after having the kid.
And she's gonna get back into those tights and sign up for Tomb Raider 3.
A little bit surprising is Tomb Raider 2 didn't do super good.
I mean, it did okay.
It didn't do super good.
So, a little surprising, but it's happening.
And that is the sound of them jumping on the bandwagon.
Let the franchise die, please.
I thought that was the sound of 14 and 15-year-old boys everywhere.
Give the fans what we've been asking for.
Hard R, Tomb Raider, lots of nudity.
Bring it.
Do it.
You already know she'll do topless.
She'll do topless.
She'll do full frontal, too.
That's right.
Gia.
Go ahead, Gia.
Will she do full frontal after she's had the baby, though?
I don't know.
I don't know if you want to see that.
That's all right.
That's why CG was invented.
SioRam says let her die, she already died in one of her games.
I think more than one game, to be honest.
Yeah, but in the whole game it consisted of flashbacks.
At least from what I understand, I've never played that piece of crap.
Color of Sakura Sky, since when has a video game movie ever been good?
Silent Hill.
Silent Hill?
Silent Hill was good, I wouldn't say it was great, but it was good.
If you're going to ask me when has a video game movie ever been great, I'll probably say, I'll have to really rack my brain on that one if I can even think of one, but Silent Hill was good, I just don't know about, you know, great.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki.
Yes.
As I mentioned earlier, one of the games coming to the Revolution is Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
And actually, not only the Revolution, but pretty much every other system out there.
One of the things, though, if you did happen to pick up the May issue of Game Informer, you actually got to see some pictures of it.
And it looks pretty cool.
They've got some of the characters they featured previously.
Spider-Man, Wolverine, Captain America, Thor, Doctor Strange, and Ghost Rider, and Silver Surfer and Letra are going to be some of the playable characters.
Basically, this game is going to kind of be very similar to the X-Men Legends franchise, except this time, of course, spanning a little bit beyond the X-Men series.
So we're talking Dungeon Crawler here?
So, yeah, basically.
And it looks pretty cool.
It's kind of cel-shaded.
I don't know.
It should be very similar to the other games.
The other games were pretty good, so worth checking out.
Might be at E3.
Uh, let's see, one more thing.
I don't know if this will be at E3.
It seems a little early for this.
But, LucasArts is developing a game based around Darth Vader.
Hmm, that should be interesting there.
Uh, they're going to be, uh, let's see, uh, what's going on here?
A Star Wars game.
Uh, they outlined a new storyline that delved deeper into Darth Vader's history.
So maybe, uh, to explain a little bit about what happened in that gap there between 3 and 4.
No!
Will there be a scene with... No!
No!
Press the A button to shout NO!
God, we're stupid.
Alright.
LucasArts just needs to make another Samamax game that I'll buy from him.
How about they go back to some of that old school PC stuff?
How about Lume 2, bitch?
They're working on a new Indiana Jones game.
Fine.
I'm sorry, there's a new Indiana Jones movie, right?
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Indiana Jones again was pretty cool.
All right, we're going to head on over to our Skype line where we are taking your calls.
And to call into the Skype line, just call username OrangeLoungeRadio for more information.
www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Click on Interact With Us.
That's how you can do it.
Also, we've got our number back up.
It hasn't been working for the past couple weeks, but it's working again.
You should be able to give it a call.
916-226-9067 Please keep in mind that is not a toll-free call.
It is a long-distance call for the majority of you unless by some reason you happen to live in the same town we do.
Let's go to our first call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey.
Hi, who's this?
This is Did You Lose a Sock.
Hello, Did You Lose a Sock.
I did not lose a sock, but what are you calling in about tonight?
About the...
The sequel to the greatest game ever was released this week.
You guys really haven't talked about it much on the show, and I think a lot of people don't really know anything about it, so if I could do a short little spiel about the game and my experience with it, if that's alright with you.
I love the Mother series, go for it, show's all yours.
Okay, well, for people that don't know, Mother 3 is obviously the sequel to Mother 2, which is better known as Earthbound Outside of Japan.
That was an RPG for the Super NES, recently made famous by the
Star, Ness, appearing in both Super Smash Bros.
Mother 3 was in development for about 8 years.
It was even cancelled once and then revived.
Mother 3 was finally released on the 20th, 3 days ago in Japan on the Game Boy Advance.
I got to play a small portion of the game, but I really didn't want to spoil anything for me because I'm still praying that it's going to come out outside of Japan, which...
I don't know if that's ever going to happen, but I'm just hoping they'll say something at E3.
Fans of the original won't be disappointed because Mother 3 and Mother 2 Earthbound are connected to each other as much as two Final Fantasy games.
So new characters, a new world, but a lot of familiar stuff.
But I'm not surprised about this because Mother 1 was...
not connected to Mother 2 at all.
Probably the most interesting thing about Mother 3 was the beat rhythm.
The most important thing about Mother 3 and a lot of you beat rhythm game enthusiasts would like is the battle system.
It has this weird music combo thing where
The battle system is really music-oriented, so each character has a musical... They don't attack with a musical instrument, but it makes a musical instrument sound.
When the main character attacks, it sounds like a saxophone.
But if you actually attack on the beat of the battle music, you get a music combo.
But there's no visuals, there's...
to make you aware of this.
It's all audio, so you kind of got to tap along with the music or something.
I don't know how to explain it.
I only got to play it for a little bit.
Well, I'm going to have to check it out at some point.
And I know some folks in chat room are plugging this website, www.starmen.net, which I know is a huge Earthbound community.
I want to say we used to have a bunch of them that used to listen to this show a while back.
We did.
What the hell happened to them?
I don't even remember.
Well, see if I support their crappy game if they're going to abandon us.
No, I'm kidding.
I love Earthbound.
Nothing's going to change that.
Actually, Starman.net had a long-standing petition to bring Mother 3 into the U.S.
Yeah, I'm sure there's petitions out there, right?
I signed that petition a long time ago.
I'm a huge member of Starman.net, and if anybody wants to know anything about any of the Mother games, just check it out, Starman.net.
Tell those kids at Starman.net to come back.
We miss them.
Alright, well thank you for reminding us about Mother 3.
I should be slapped in the face for forgetting about that.
I apologize.
Alright, have a good one.
Bye-bye.
Andrew, get away.
I didn't mean that literally.
Can't slap me in the face literally.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, Sky.
It's Raven's Dolphin.
Hello, Raven's Dolphin.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
My PSP died.
I dropped it.
Well, that'll happen if you drop expensive equipment.
It may not work anymore.
What happened?
Well, the dog knocked it off my TV.
Are you going to make the dog get a job to pay for it?
No, I got a warranty for it, so I'll get a new one.
Oh, you got one of those comparable warranty plans?
You got it.
I never buy that shit, but then again, I don't have a dog.
Yeah, I know.
And then I was in Mac Hell for the last week or so.
What have you been playing on your PSP lately before it got broke?
Dexter.
Dexter.
TigerClaw in chatroom wants to know, the question is, what the fuck was the PSP doing on top of the TV?
Good question.
I have no idea.
Clean your room, you messy son of a bitch.
Clean it.
Okay, I'll clean it more.
Alright, I appreciate it.
And punish the dog.
Shame on the dog for doing that.
I will.
No food for a week.
No, I'm kidding.
Don't do that.
I'm totally kidding.
Your dog meant well, but dogs do that sometimes.
Can I say one more thing?
Of course.
I do have a DS, so I do love that too.
All right.
Well, that's good to know.
I love my PSP and my DS.
I do games on the DS, and I do my PSP for everything else, like websites and emulators and things like that.
It's a good time.
But I like my PSP more.
Well, that's just fine.
Luminous is a great game.
I'll tell you that.
Still is, years later.
Weren't they doing a sequel to Luminous?
I would never have met Orange Lounge if it wasn't for my PSP.
Luminous 2 on PS2 and PSP.
Because of olrpsp.com?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Download the new one if you haven't yet, and that way you'll fit on your 32-meg card a lot better.
I can't wait to see Loki drunk in DDR.
Well, we're going to get him drunk again at E3 just for the purpose of recording hilarious videos.
So, you know, that'll be at the E3 Outpost, everybody.
E3Outpost.com.
We'll be there live in person.
All right, Raven's Dolphin, we've got to let you go so we can get some more calls, okay?
Thank you for talking to me.
Bye.
Yeah, of course.
Bye-bye.
Let's go over to this call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, can you hear me?
Yes, I can.
Who is this?
This is Nintendo Maniac 64.
What is on your mind, Nintendo Maniac 64?
Okay, I've been trying to, wanting to tell Loki this one thing that's just driving me nuts.
Okay, what?
Um, it was a while back, maybe like three weeks ago, he was talking about how Full Auto didn't have deathmatch or something like that.
Mm-hmm.
Well, and this was even longer ago, that I told him about Rush 2049, how it was another game with guns and cars and stuff like that.
Well, apparently he didn't realize that I was talking about it had a deathmatch mode.
Okay.
Yeah, and if you're looking for, like, a car shooter with, like, deathmatch things, like, you should, like, look into that, except it doesn't have online, but, uh,
It does have 4 player multiplayer, which is really cool, and you can get it on 5 systems, all 4 current gen ones, including Dreamcast.
You can get it on GameCube, PS2, and Xbox in Midway or K-Charge 3, and you can even get it on the N64 if you have an old console for retro's sake.
Cool.
You do that tomorrow, Loki.
You do it tomorrow.
That's your assignment for this week.
I'll just wait for Twisted Metal.
No wedding for you.
For PS3.
Alright, that'll be cool.
Nintendo Maniac, do you have to prove us wrong on anything else tonight?
Actually, I'm curious about this.
Loki.
I just said Loki.
I meant Sky.
Oh, hooray.
What?
You have a 360, correct?
Yes.
Is it a core or a premium?
I bought a core, but I bought the hard drive separate because I bought it when they were still going crazy about Xbox 360s and they were so hard to find that I just allowed myself to get raped financially and I bought a core and bought the hard drive separately because the core was all I could get at Best Buy.
They were out of premiums.
Okay, so does this mean you have corded controllers?
Yes, all my controllers are corded.
Okay.
I have three corded controllers.
And actually... I said this earlier today.
Do you know if it would even be possible to charge an Xbox 360 controller off a PSP?
No, you can't.
You don't have to charge the corded ones at all.
Those are just USB.
They plug right in.
Yeah, I know.
I meant the wireless.
Oh, the wireless.
I don't know if I don't use those.
No, you would not be able to because the PSP port does not put the right output for
USB, and besides, you'd have to have some sort of converter cable to do that anyway.
Well, I mean, if you have the converter.
Why would you want to do that anyways, though?
Because you can!
Why do people install Linux on things?
Well, here's the thing.
If you don't have the... Just keep... If you're really that hard-pressed to charge the battery, just keep the damn battery case that it comes with and put two AA batteries in there.
I mean, it'll work just the same.
Otherwise, you can find any other USB port and...
In your house, on your computer, on your PlayStation 2 or whatever, and charge your batteries that way.
Well, the thing is, if you're charged on the PSP, then you can basically still have a wireless controller.
You can go all through your house with you.
I don't know why.
For some reason, it's not clicking for me.
I don't understand why you want to do that.
But because you can't.
Because you can't?
Wait, was that a question to me?
Yes, why would you want to do that?
Well, then you can go the 11 feet into the kitchen that your Xbox 360 port's not going to let you go to.
But then the signal's not going to reach, so what good does it do?
It's not going to reach 11 feet.
Let me put it this way.
Most people don't play 11 feet away from their TV.
It's just retarded first off because you're not going to be able to see your TV.
Especially if you're playing Final Fantasy XI.
Assuming they even wanted to do that.
Hey, my uncle's couch is like...
DarkSakura,
and then put it out the extra, you know, six feet or whatever.
Those corded cables are long enough anyways.
I don't really think you're going to need to go that far.
I mean, granted, I'm sure if you've had other, you know, console systems that work, you know, with wireless controllers, then you're going to have to be in the same situation anyways.
Just either sit closer to the TV or just wait for some time to, you know, freaking charge those things or buy a goddamn quick charge kit and do it in like a couple hours.
That's
The best way to do it.
15 feet away.
How big is the TV?
I'm not sure, but it's pretty big.
It's for the porn.
Let me put it this way.
Even if Jamie's TV, and Jamie's TV is pretty huge, I wouldn't sit 15 feet away from that thing.
She's got her couches right next to that TV, too.
There's not a lot of space.
Let me put it this way.
When I'm sitting in a movie theater, I'm not even probably sitting that much further than 15 feet away, and that's a pretty damn large screen.
If it were anything smaller than that, I would not be sitting 15 feet away.
All right.
Too Much Anger, Nintendo Maniac, good luck with your quest to charge the 360 controller using all sorts of household devices.
I wish you luck, okay?
Good luck with that.
It's not going to work, though.
Have a good one.
Rush 2049.
All right.
Yeah, we got him for that.
Bye.
I love our listeners.
One more.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
Can you hear me?
Yes, I can.
I can.
This is Zand from East Berlin.
Hi Xander from East Berlin, what's on your mind?
I don't think East Berlin exists anymore, does it?
I don't think so, you really fucked that up, but that's alright, what's on your mind?
I don't know if you reported on this earlier or not, but did you hear what the Katamari guy said about the Revmote earlier this week?
We didn't report on it, so why don't you put on your OLR reporter hat and tell us about it.
Okay, hold on, I gotta search for it here.
Um, it might be under my, uh, homework.
It might be under the shotgun shell, seeing as you're, uh, you know, in East Berlin.
East side!
Yeah.
Um, okay.
So, basically, um, and I'll have the exact quote with me right here.
Um, but basically he said, like, Nintendo's putting too much focus on the, more or less he said that Nintendo's putting too much focus on the, uh,
controller, and he just didn't really understand what exactly they're trying to do with it, and was kind of criticizing their strategy with it, you know, in a way.
I don't, you know, I'd get the exact quote if I had it in front of me, but I don't.
So basically the Katamari guy called Iwata a big smelly douche, correct?
No, not really.
That's how I interpret it.
That's just how Joystick is reporting it.
Okay.
What do you think?
Is this earth-changing news?
Katamari was done anyway.
I don't think any of us expected it to be on the Revolution.
No, but he could have done something new.
I think it would have been a good console if he did something new.
He needs to go back to designing his playground equipment and leave the video game world.
I want the Death Traps for Children playground equipment.
That would be awesome.
The one with the razor blade at the bottom of the slide?
Yep.
Somebody should show him Saw right before he has to do his playground design.
Silent Hill, the playground.
Alright.
What the fuck?
What the hell is that?
Now, now.
None of that during the show.
No fapping while you're on the line.
Come on.
That's disgusting.
Alright, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Reject false icons.
Alright, thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
Have a good one.
Goddammit, Jamie's having an influence on America.
Did you hear that?
Reject false icons.
All right, moving on.
Sorry we didn't get to all the calls.
Try again next week.
You can also leave us voicemails.
We'll be playing voicemails later on.
916-226-9067.
Remember, that's a toll call.
Or you can always leave us a message there on Orange Lounge Radio, our Skype name.
Loki, any last-minute stories tonight?
Just one.
So what is the next homebrew game coming to the PSP, you may ask?
Well, StarCraft.
They're working on porting over StarCraft.
What?
And apparently, not much has been done so far, but it's still early.
StarCraft PSP 1.2a has been released, and, well, not too much done yet, just doing some of the basic stuff, proof concept crap.
But anyways, that's something fun.
Alright, that's it?
You always have a ton of last minute stories, that's it?
It's been slow.
I've been filtering through stuff I don't want to talk about because it's retarded.
I don't like hearing people's opinions on crap.
Rumors that we think is going to happen on E3.
What we think is going to be coming out.
Yada, yada, yada.
You know, completely obvious shit.
The revolution will have games.
I mean, you know, stuff like that.
It's just... Are you getting a little bitter at the lack of news weeks before E3 here?
It is.
You know, I've been really slow.
All right.
But I've been really busy.
All right.
Before we get to tonight's last story, I have to do an apology.
So cue the sad music.
I apologize for pronouncing your name wrong and horribly butchering it earlier, but this is why I will forever be on amateur internet radio.
Please don't mispronounce City by calling him Bukkake.
GameLoft has teamed up with Paris Hilton Entertainment Inc.
to develop, publish, and distribute a line of cell phone games based on Paris Hilton.
The bigger question we should be asking is why is there a Paris Hilton Entertainment Inc.?
That surprised me.
Paris Hilton has a quote on this, the story originally coming from Kotaku, and they ran a quote here.
Quote, I'm excited to collaborate with GameLoft to bring the Paris Hilton brand and the glamour of young Hollywood.
Okay, there's nothing glamorous about her.
to the cell phones of all my fans around the world.
My phone has become an all-in-one entertainment device and mobile... Sorry, because I can't help but think about that list that got leaked and all the topless photos of her on the phone.
Yeah.
Definitely a one-stop entertainment stop.
And mobile games are an integral part of that.
Mobile gaming is really hot right now, and I'm excited to be a part of this project.
Well, that's... She doesn't use the word integral.
Some publicist put that out.
Mobile games are an integral part of that.
Yeah, she did not use that word.
Unless there's a game that features a target over her, I ain't playing it.
Integral, that...
That right there is... That's a grown-up word.
That's over her limit of syllables per word.
Now, of course, that makes our chatroom go wild.
Popanda21, I love the simple life.
Did you lose a sock?
I'm a slut.
The game.
You will bow to me.
Peter Jackson's One Night in Paris.
The actual quote's probably like, talkie device, play game.
DJ Poo Eater, Paris Hilton the Whore, MMORPG.
I'd hit it.
You know what?
Paris Hilton, mobile phone gaming, these two shitty things deserve each other.
Honestly.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the next N-Gage.
You bought an N-Gage, didn't you?
That's the question we have to ask Paris Hilton.
Do you think Paris Hilton will be at E3?
And then we could ask her?
Maybe.
We need to somehow make that happen.
Because there's a lot I want to ask her.
And only a couple of it has to do with video games.
But I know you want to hear it anyway, come on.
I wonder who's going to be at the Nintendo thing.
I don't think so.
I think this was at the Paramount, I think.
Oh, okay.
Never mind.
Wherever the hell that is.
Alright, forget it.
Oh, DJ PooEater says, here's the question I could ask her.
What the shit are you doing at E3, you smelly dog-carrying poo-face?
That's exactly what I'd ask.
What the shit?
We might... Eloquent.
We might ask the same of Sinbad as well.
What the shit are you doing at E3?
That's a great question.
I should have user-submitted questions.
This is what we'll do.
Listen to the show Wednesday, and we'll tell you what celebrities are at E3, and if we can run into them Thursday, we'll ask them questions.
Okay, we can guarantee these two.
Sinbad, because he's there every year.
I don't know why.
And Gary Coleman usually is there in some form.
Wait, user-submitted questions.
We are guaranteed your ass is kicked out of E3.
That's why we won't ask any of them until Friday.
Good plan.
All right.
That's it.
That's the show.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Andrew, thank you so much for being here.
Long time no see.
Don't be a stranger.
Oh, yeah.
Your final thought, please.
Toasters for life.
Loki, your final thought.
I have so much work to do.
And my final thought is, please, won't anybody think of the children?
That's it.
Have a great night.
And remember, if you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, please do us a big favor.
Tell somebody about us because that is how we spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're just some no-name little indie site doing a show here we've been doing for almost four years now.
And it's all word of mouth, baby.
So if you could just tell somebody you love or tell somebody you hate about our show and get them to listen, that's all the payment we need.
We appreciate it.
And remember, until we sell out, which should be happening pretty soon.
And spread that video like wildfire.
Oh, yeah.
Have a good one.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
