Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 181 for this April the 16th of 2006.
Pretty exciting first half there. Lots of news from some
no-name site you've probably never heard of before and some other fun stuff in there too.
Kingdom Hearts 2, Metroid Prime 3, all that good stuff. But now
we're gonna start off this half of the show first by saying hello to Spike
who's joining us for this half of the show. Whoa. Deja-fu.
Hey! How you doing? Doing pretty good. Weren't you just here a week ago and then
like two weeks before that?
You're becoming quite the little regular on our program. It's awesome.
You guys are so cool.
Oh, but you're cool, Spike. That's why we like having you on the show.
Well, thank you. First off, tell us how your gaming week was. What'd you play this week?
This week I spent some more time with the first Kingdom Hearts, finishing it up
so I can start the second one, which I've finally acquired.
Spent a little bit of time with Final Fantasy XI.
Same old as it's been the last few weeks now.
Very cool.
Uh, you also brought some games for me to play, but I haven't gotten a chance to play
them yet. What did you bring for me to play?
uh... gosh i brought
the gameboy advance version of space channel five
which just sounds god-awful in concept but we'll see
it's it's simon says committees what can be said about that okay
uh... i brought along the britain of course for the p s one it's a classic
that i've seen before but it is a classic
yeah it's it's a pretty common one but
on the off chance uh...
the main one that i was excited to bring to you was primal image which we talked
about last week. That's right, Primal Image was the Pokemon Snap with super models, right?
Oh yeah, except I played it again, I mean they don't really look like super models.
Just people. Super market models. Super whores. Yes. Alright. Sounds awesome. Alright, one
system that is getting a lot of attention lately with all the things you can do with
it is the Nintendo DS, and we thought we'd start this segment of the show off with some
hacking news. Loki, what's going on with Nintendo DS, hack-wise?
Well, hack-wise, you know, they've done some really cool things like
at E3 last year they have this thing called the DS Download Station
and you can actually download, you know, demos of games
to your DS and these have actually started to roll out into stores now
and, you know, you might see them at a local Best Buy or
You know, that type of thing. The only thing is, if you don't have one nearby, what are
you to do? What are you to do? Well, build your own. That's right. Actually, plans were
put up on the internet on how to build your own DS station. And they have the files out
there to do it and a whole tutorial. It's pretty simple. You just basically need to
get an RT2500 based Wi-Fi card in your computer, or sometimes your laptop will have one too
because you can do the PCMI card, and can I do it on my Apple? You might be able to,
I'm not sure. I'll have to try it. I'm not sure. But they have a whole list of stuff
that's available to basically do this. And all the demos that they have on here, which
I'm sure I don't know how they got the demos off the demo station, but they're all the
ones that are currently out there now, brain training and all that fun stuff, so if you
really want to do it, I wanted to get this done on my laptop so we could actually do
it in the studio, maybe for next week, but uh...
Isn't it just a matter of time before they figure out a way to beam the games over, not
just the demo, but possibly the whole freaking games?
I'm not sure if they can store that much on there.
Ah, okay.
But still, it's interesting.
And apparently, though, if you do have a Game Boy Advance flash cart, you can record the
games to that, and there's a way around where you can actually play them off of that, too.
Nintendo's probably a little irked at this news, probably.
For those folks who maybe live in a remote part, I think what would be very interesting
is using this in other countries.
I think some folks who are in other countries, like Japan, the UK, who might not be seeing
these games for a little while otherwise and even the demos can play these long
before they're released in those in that well not Japan so much maybe the UK
released in that country yeah I think that's pretty cool or the other thing is
maybe modified to put homebrew on there to play homebrew games that you can
transfer via Wi-Fi without having to have all this fancy stuff that might be
an idea comment from our chat room over at orangelanatrader.com click on chat
gamerdude1212 says Nintendo hates all this piracy stuff I don't doubt it
I don't doubt it at all, I'm sure they do. Most companies do hate it.
So, it's probably not going to be an issue later because think about it
the Virtual Console, the fact that the Revolution
is going to have Wi-Fi, the fact that it's going to be able to hook up to the DS
you'll probably be able to download these for free off of the DS
or the Revolution anyways, so what's the big deal? How cool would that be anyway to
you know go to Nintendo.com and download something that you can beam
forget this whole store, why not bypass the kiosks in stores?
and be able to download demos to your DS
just like you can on Xbox Live, but you do it through your computer. I think they
should be endorsing this stuff, not turning their back on it.
But, yeah, whatever. What do I know?
I do know this, Xbox Live is going to be doing another free week,
but it's during the week of E3. This time it's not just, I don't think it's just
one weekend. I think it's actually doing a whole week. No, I'm sorry, it is just one
weekend.
But the weekend that they're gonna be doing this is May 8th.
no it is it is a full week because running through May 15th
and it's going to be sponsored by
well I'm not sure I thought I saw the name of the sponsor there
I thought
not FIFA, well FIFA World Cup Soccer 2006 might hit the marketplace during that
same week
it wasn't FIFA it was a shoe brand that was
doing it I can't remember
I'm trying to see if I can find it here. Adidas.
Adidas, that's it. They're doing it. I knew I could find it, yay!
Adidas all day I dream about.
Sorry, I can't help, my mind just can't help but go there.
Good idea, bad idea to do this during the week of E3.
Because most of the hardcore gamers will be either at E3
or glued to their computers reading updates on E3.
So is this a smart thing to do?
you know, announce a new game or something, and be like, Hey! Right now you can go play a demo
on Xbox Live Arcade. That would be very cool. You think they would actually do that?
Play the demos that they're playing at E3? Download them right now? No way.
Why not? Because they just don't do that. Or maybe limited ones.
Maybe, but what is is there anything so wrong with putting those demos out there
on Xbox Live for everybody to play?
Is it just because the games are usually half finished or what? There is actually one
out on
Xbox Live now the Tomb Raider one right well there's doing there's they have
several of those things I think it would be a good idea but not like have it be
like a specific download like you have a certain amount of points you can
download it something like that I mean how cool would that be that this is the
closest you can get to e3 you know right here you live and play the same demo
they're all playing at e3 right now I think they'll be great publicity stunt
Especially since, bless their hearts, they decided to not give everybody who works for
anyone who sells video games passes.
So it is going to reduce the amount of people who are going to be able to go to E3.
Somehow this no-name site got in, though, which is amazing.
We actually report.
I know.
We're a legitimate business, believe it or not.
We don't work in the garden section at Walmart.
Exactly.
One thing that I could see turning a lot of prospective developers away from that, though,
is that the average E3 demo is nowhere near as polished as a demo you might get on a demo
disk.
And a lot of people who are casually downloading off the marketplace might be using this as,
you know, is this my final decision on purchasing this game?
And that would definitely scare a lot of people away.
You play a demo of an unfinished game.
It's not very good.
You don't come back to it six months later when it's really ready to be played.
I guess that's a very good point and it makes me think about, you know, the Tomb Raider.
I completely judge my opinion of the Tomb Raider game based on the demo, there's no
way in hell I'm buying the game, I didn't enjoy the demo at all.
That's just my personal opinion, I understand a lot of people are liking the game, but I
found it to be really frickin' boring.
But I guess you're right, but I think about some of the really creative E3 demos I've
seen, like remember the Weheart Katamari demo last year?
It was specifically made for E3, and like the king would be talking about E3.
It was great, who wouldn't want to play that?
I mean, it was awesome. But I do get that point of the half-finished demos.
You make an even better point, though. Maybe developers should be making
specific demos to be downloaded for this free weekend
that would target them and make them feel like they're a part of something.
I think a lot of gamers would really go for,
oh, this developer is targeting me. I want to play this.
You know what? We need to start an Xbox development company. Right now.
I have a better idea. Green Lounge Gaming. How about this?
What?
How about we sell 360 games with hamburgers?
Ah, I love this idea.
I love this idea.
Can any of us cook?
Oh, how about this?
No, I got it.
Excuse me.
Xbox Live with Super Bacon.
OK, my stomach is just turned really awfully now.
I feel nauseous.
I feel nauseous too, but now I want Super Bacon.
All right, anyway, moving on.
One Xbox Live, or one Xbox title, I should say,
general has been turning heads is oblivion right low-key oblivion has
been turning heads and it's been selling and selling and selling I want to say
2.5 million that's a lot of copies a lot of copies no I think selling these nude
patch oh yeah is that all there is to say it's just sold a lot no not at all
I'm just bullshitting no no basically you know it's got a really good score
I don't know a lot of magazines that reviewed it
They've sold over 100 or 1.7 million units of oblivion for the PC and the 360
since they've shipped
from watch and
Just you know, it's been on the covers of magazines. It's just really good. It's basically it's ended world hunger
It's basically accounted for it found Osama bin Laden. It's amazing
It was it accounted for 13% of all PC game sales in the first week since it was released and by the way the other
87% was World of Warcraft amazingly
Go figure
You know what I want to know what where the hell is my free feel, I don't know
I
Like comments in our chairman see now now they're taking this orange launch radio pack in games concept really far
And I like this concept idea from Jeremy Todd one push-button receive bacon
That's a great game concept. Hey Jeremy Todd. You know how to program games. We need to get them on our staff
Can you program I think you know?
I think we should do all of our games in Commodore 64 basic because I know how to program in Commodore 64 basic
Is there a way we spikes doing this you me you yep?
Let's program some games in Commodore 64 basic and somehow find somebody to port them to the Xbox 360
I'll be awesome.
You have banana, throw YN question mark.
You have bacon, eat YN.
Syntax error, ready.
Speaking of Xbox Live, Saints Row is going to be having a very large demo going to the
Xbox Live Marketplace.
The game is going to be released the third quarter of this year.
Saints Row, though, we don't know much about multiplayer in this game.
There are going to be some multiplayer modes and multiplayer maps.
Basically it's kind of like Grand Theft Auto.
I don't know, you get the same impression for this game, Loki?
The Saints Row?
Yeah.
It's kinda...
It was supposed to be the Grand Theft Auto killer that never freaking came out.
Gotcha.
Well, it's on its way, and it's supposedly going to have multiplayer, so there's supposed
to be a very large demo coming to Xbox Live.
They just don't say when, just sometime before release.
You know what I say?
To hell with Satan's Row.
It's all about Crackdown.
Crackdown is going to be awesome.
If you've gotten this month's official Xbox magazine, they have a trailer for Crackdown.
It's like Grand Theft Auto with basically a super human as the lead in it, so you can
throw cars at people.
Nothing says, give me my money, bitch, than throwing a fucking car into your head.
That takes me back to Nark.
Very good.
The chat room is still talking about this game thing.
You know that we did have somebody make Orange Lounge Radio the game already.
That was Illusion.
One of our fans actually made that and it's in the forums.
But now people want to take this to the next level.
DJ Pooh Eater says that he knows the Flash programming.
I know Dark Soccer knows that too.
Maybe we could have them team up.
I know how to do ads.
Open up the programming.
And I know how to do slideshows.
Well, maybe you could do the art and you could do the programming.
I'm halfway through my flash semester. You can make an awesome opening cinema.
There you go. There you go. I love this idea.
Can I do it for my homework? Sure.
If I get school credit for it, okay. I'll allow it.
Check that out on the forums. I think Illusion still has that up. I'm supposed to
put it on our MySpace or our website as well though. I
totally forgot. I forgot to send them a private message saying we can move it and
suck our home bandwidth away.
uh... they get it it's it's fabulous it's a text adventure
it's the most fun you'll ever have
playing orange lawns radio the game you had me at text adventure
i'm invincible
every time i type in an attack nothing will happen SPOILER
oh my god spoilers i can't believe you ruined the orange lawns radio
game for everybody i didn't say what happened i just said i'm invincible
and you know what happens on page two ninety
Jamie kills Dumbledore, it's amazing!
That's not a spoiler!
I didn't say what happens in the game, I just said I'm invincible.
Alright, Aerith died.
And I cheered!
I still have my memory card saved. Okay, you've told this story five times on the show.
More than that,
but I still think... It's like one of her crowning moments. It's something I'm very proud of.
I still have my file. You should sell that card on eBay, that memory card. Hell no!
Jamie saved game at dead era no no this memory card is special I buy it it's my first memory
card I ever had it's an off-brand one it has a tech it has a Sakura sticker on it and it
has all of my old Tekken 3 save files and bust to move so yeah that's that memory card
is special to me. Oh, and my Symphony of the Night files with 210%. Dork. Alright. Dark
Sakura likes to travel the world from her computer because she has buddies over in the
UK and she doesn't want them to feel left out. So she serves some of the UK news sites
to find out what's going on in gaming in the UK. What's going on in gaming. But of course,
you know, what goes on over there often affects what happens over here so we don't like to
think of it as necessarily UK only news it's just news from the UK nice
disclaimer you're welcome I find out you have to use them quite frequently with
you hey what's that supposed to mean nothing
heart yeah yeah yeah you need to just be nice to me because I hurt heart don't
make heart signs at me that's not gonna make me it's the olr gang sign a little
heart I think this should be the official olr gang sign make a heart with
your hands. If you don't know how to do it, we'll take a picture. You're retarded then.
There is a pic- SHUT UP! There is a picture of you.
Doing that? Doing hearts. Sweet. From the club. Sweet.
I'll put it up online. Alright, anyway, you can't use- You also look really silly in that picture too.
You can't use- No. I'm gonna do Brazil news now.
No. Um, I-
It's a Polish developer called, uh, Nebris, I guess is how it's pronounced.
They're working on a film noir inspired game for the revolution
called Sadness, which I automatically want to play it because it's very emo and goth.
But they are basing it off of movies like Sin City,
and they're saying the whole game is going to be done in black and white.
It's set before World War, we don't get any of the
depression, prohibition stuff, but you
get to complain about different things.
Sin City the game what?
It's based off of movies like Sin City.
Do we get chicks with guns? Because that was the best part of Sin City was chicks with guns.
Well seeing as how this is pre World War era
I don't think that's going to be very likely.
How about chicks with sword? There was a chick with a sword that was pretty hot in that movie.
I haven't seen Sin City. Spoiler!
You haven't seen Sin City. What is your problem?
need to go out right away and see this movie. I have something called a life
and I've had the movie since it came out on DVD. I feel Sin City was slightly overrated
but it's it's worth seeing. It's worth your time
on a rainy day. I have this thing that's called life
where I go to school. Next time you're sick with whatever plague you catch next okay on the
couch
instead of Kingdom Hearts 2 put that down and watch Sin City for a little bit.
I will if my husband makes me. Alright.
I still have to watch Uzumaki. Really weird Japanese movie.
That's a great film. UK News. Okay, oh yeah.
Um, Battle Royale 3, no. Ace Combat on PSP.
Ace Combat X, Skies of Deception. And I think it is X and not X, because they haven't
gone up to,
you know, past, what, five.
So, uh, it's going to be on the PSP.
Um, it's a combination campaign-based, uh,
single-player plane thingy with
Wireless multiplayer and speaking of numbers. I have not played one ace combat game. I have ace combat for okay
I
Actually, I've wasn't the first one on Super Famicom. I
Have not played one ace combat game original PlayStation. That's right. No, it's another game. I'm thinking of I'm thinking of
Anyway, it doesn't matter. It's not top gun. I don't care
Dude, Top Gun was awesome.
Top Gun's coming out for the DS.
Fuck yeah!
For me.
Fuck yeah!
But is it going to be incredibly difficult to land?
No, how hard is it going to be to refuel your damn plane?
Ugh.
Don't remind me.
Nightmares.
Famitsu stated that Namco said that Skies of Deception will feature an original storyline
all told through CG.
be a pilot in the Griffis squadron of the Federal Republic of Aurelia. You have
four planes the F-14D Super Tomcat, Tornado F-3, F-2A, and MIG-31 Foxhound.
Foxhound. You know what they need to tie it in with? Ace Combat 6 Oblivion. Shut up.
so it's actually slated to be out um
this fall in Japan hot
guess what what MMOs oh goody another crack for me to get it to to
Pirates of the Caribbean who I think is gonna be kinda key I already played
puzzle pirates
you know what yeah
um I used to build and build and build oh sorry
you were fussing at me for not doing the stupid thing
and I change stuff and then you decide to change subject and what the fuck?
sorry miss dark sakura
damn straight so
as I was saying before Rob so rudely interrupted me
what were you saying anyway? You were talking about Pirates of the Caribbean you better go
Disney
We love Disney
They announced the PC MMO Pirates of the Caribbean online will be there to show at e3
But not on stores until 2007 it was supposed to launch with the next film coming out dead man's chest
In the summer, but it's gonna be later
um the speculation is that'll be out with the third film you can create your
own pirate and interact with the characters from the movies hundreds of
customizations available buried treasure scary pirates and a subscription scary
pirates too you know why I want to get this game the day it comes out so I can
have a character named R. I want a character named Grarg. Nice one, R. Our Buffy fans will
know this. Yes, unfortunately they will. I'm going to actually hunt this one down to check
out at E3. And last but not least, everybody's favorite part, release dates. Because release
states make for the happy um I was since I didn't get to mention anything that
came out last week and the only thing really worth mentioning is a Dragon
Quest journey of the Chris King Daxter Megaman battle network 5 that's about it
um coming up though this upcoming week on the 20th we have Final Fantasy 11
treasures of art or blah art organ our that's why I'm calling it our gurg 99
Nights on Xbox 360 Desperados to Cooper's Revenge Dragon Ball Z shin
budokai electroplankton woohoo more from a fantasy 11 than you can shake a stick
at on the 21st and actually to correct myself the Desperados Dragon Ball Z
electroplankton those are all in the 21st you also have iron warriors rogue
Trooper SOCOM 3. We have Spell Force 2 Shadow Wars on the PC, State of Emergency 2, Tamagotchi!
When is Tamagotchi going to freaking die? I mean, they made up for it with-
Give one to me, I manage to kill them all the time.
They made up for it with Digimon, I actually have one of the old original Digimon, it's
great. Um, and yeah, also on the 21st Tetris DS, for the DS.
Imagine that.
oh what a shock and then I'm also Jamie's birthday game
celebrated worldwide alright
Loki there's nothing coming out this week
not except for Final Fantasy 11 both on 360 and the expansion on PlayStation 2
and in the PC. But other than that really there is nothing coming out this week
no other games that are worth a damn
oh actually I should take that back there's gonna be
was a dream falls coming out on the xbox this week
I'm mother that there's nothing slow newsweek Tokyo extreme racer drift
I that's it alright tell us about another MMO Loki we had a dark soccer
talking about
puzzle pirates to I'm sick
higher its I never mind you are the addict a puzzle higher
I it was a fun game I would like to know I I I'm that they have actually
announced the MMO last year at E3.
Oh, okay. They gave out these stupid gold coins that you would get
to go have special access to
the show floor or something
this year. So yeah, we knew it was coming.
Anyways, what we didn't know was coming though was this game coming from Acclaim
who's doing a martial arts MMO. That's right,
martial arts MMO. No one cares. Anyways, it's going to be called Nine Dragons, being developed
by Indie21. And it's supposed to be to put gamers in their own kung fu fighting online
game. Sounds kind of like Matrix Online to me, because that game is all kung fu. Anyways,
Anyways, um, it's currently being planned to be released later this year, so look for
that.
First off, why are there so many MMOs?
I mean, cause you may, cause not only do you get the sucker to buy the game at first, but
then you get them to pay for it every month, that's why.
Because we keep buying them?
I guess.
Where's my blaster master MMO?
Alright. You might remember one very popular MMO started on a Dreamcast,
on the Dreamcast, that was Phantasy Star. Although I don't know if I'd call Phantasy
Star so much an MMO
as it is like a multiplayer experience. It's a multiplayer
repetitive action game. Yes. Which I actually still occasionally play.
Alright. A story from
Retro Gaming has been circulating the
blogs, video game stuff out there this week. It's games that defined
the Dreamcast. So I thought maybe we could nerd out a little bit and talk
about the Dreamcast for a minute.
What do you think are some games that defined the Dreamcast?
Since you mentioned Phantasy Star Universe, I'd like to mention that Phantasy Star
Universe is supposed to be coming out on October 25th.
One of the ones I forgot to mention. Is that from your little list there? Yeah.
Alright, there you go.
Um, Blue Stinger.
Because, and I'm referring specifically to the Japanese version because the U.S.
version was ass.
As in not even a nice one as more like a stinky unwashed ass.
Thank you for that visual.
The Japanese one had these really massive camera angles, just cinematic, and even though
the gameplay was pretty beat thingy with stick, lightsaber, run up a tower, blah blah blah,
the camera angles I thought were just so neat.
It was such a different experience playing that as opposed to a lot of the stuff that
was on the PlayStation because you know you scroll out too far on PlayStation it would
just completely look crap but it's kept such a good look I mean it made it difficult to
play in places but you know I actually liked Boostinger. I traded my copy of the Dragon
Ball GT game. Alright. Which at the time was stupid because it was going for 150 bucks
on eBay. Oh we all make mistakes. Loki, Spike, any defining Dreamcast games for you? Power
Powerstone, Crazy Taxi, and Jet Set Radio.
That's another, um, crap, Evolution, actually, I thought, because it brought out, actually
Grandia 2 was also another good one.
Space Channel 5.
Space Channel 5.
Spike, anything that comes to mind for you?
So Project Justice definitely comes to mind.
Amen!
Japanese one with the little board game.
Yes! That was so much fun and you could customize your character.
You know what though, I have to admit, I was a little upset that we didn't have
another school life mode like the Japanese PlayStation games.
Yeah, the second rival school that they did,
the Shiri to Justice Gakuen that they did, I actually, I paid 90 bucks to
import that thing.
Me too! Because I had such a hard time finding it, and
I loved playing through the high school mode, and I got wished happy birthday by Batsu.
Aww, see, I was always trying to get Nagare to fall in love with me.
I never did.
But it's the game that gave us the, uh...
You could play as, uh...
Ran?
As Ran, as, uh...
Nagare, and...
But, uh...
But, uh...
Moru, Justice Gakuen, gave us, um...
Zaki, who was...
The sex.
I actually...
One of my first pieces of fan art that ever got published by another site
was one of the big rival schools websites took a fan art I did of Zaki
you're listening to the geeky Dreamcast gamer podcast and of course we've got to
mention DDR second mix club version all right that was my first DDR that I owned
extrovert wants to participate in tonight's show by naming I guess
something a Dreamcast game I'm surprised that you didn't name it but Sonic
adventure right okay yeah and extra brings extra brings the show to a
screeching halt no I'm kidding no no Sonic Adventure was fun it is it's I
liked it actually one of my favorite games ever was was the berserk game
cuz we got it though before the anime came out over here and I was like when I
I found out that one of my favorite voice actors was Gatsu's voice.
I was like, okay, I'm importing this crap.
And so I went and found it for 20 bucks.
So now I have both versions of it.
But yeah.
And then I fell in love with the anime, but I'd still need to get the manga because it's
really messed up.
The manga is much better.
But it was a very good game.
Can I do another couple of Dreamcast games?
All right, real quick, then we gotta move on.
So like, we've got Ikaruga.
Yes.
The Dreamcast Direct version of Vampire Chronicles, much better than the Chaos Tower BS super
long load time PSP version.
There was also the For Matching Service series of Street Fighter games.
Yes, which, you know, SNK vs. Capcom 2, you know, because the game was meant to run on
a Naomi board.
Guilty Gear X.
Guilty Gear X, absolutely, although, you know.
Virtual On.
Oh yes.
And if you've got the twin sticks, oh yeah.
I bought the little Saturn adapter so I could use my Saturn twin sticks.
Ah, I still need Saturn twin sticks.
Alright, nerds, we gotta...
Did you ever have Dreamcast sex?
Alright, stop it.
Nerds, we gotta get to the chat room feedback here.
Dark Knight says SNK vs. Capcom 2.
Hitstun says Metropolis Street Racer.
Tigerclaw says don't forget Crazy Taxi on the Dreamcast.
And let's see, Amplitude says MVC 2.
Lots and lots of good choices.
GS-191 hit the nail on the head, C-Man.
The original story named these games, Soul Calibur, Shenmue, Jet Grind Radio, Space Channel
5, Crazy Taxi, Virtua Tennis and Tennis 2K2, Skies of Arcadia, the both Power Stone games,
both Sonic Adventure games, Samba de Amigo, hello, we started as a music thing, we should
have known about that one, Virtua Fighter, Echo the Dolphin, Defender of the Future,
Choo Choo Rocket, Phantasy Star Online, Street Fighter III Third Strike, Ikaruga, and import
games like Rez.
There was Rez.
Good stuff.
Alright, that was our Dreamcast geeky moment.
Enjoy.
Actually, I do have one of the crappiest games ever for Dreamcast.
Shenmue?
No, it was import only super producers.
Where you managed the career of a pop idol.
You know what my favorite Dreamcast game is?
DC-ness.
Definitely.
You know what else game came out, was the roommate 2-1-3 or something, where you play
as some guy's roommate?
I thought of a really, really good one.
I thought of a really weird one.
What, what, what?
The Typing of the Dead.
Typing of the Dead!
Yay!
Yay, I win!
I get to participate in the geeky chat.
It also has spawned some of the best cosplay ever.
I plan on eventually doing some cosplay once people kind of forget about that game.
Alright, we really, really gotta move on, I'm sorry, alright.
Some people are saying that the Xbox 360 is kind of a new version of the Dreamcast, I
don't know, take it or leave it, but what's going on with Burnout on the Xbox 360, Loki?
They finally, finally fixed it.
So now I can play the damn car I downloaded off the Xbox 360 kiosk months ago.
Stupid bastards, teasing me at the damn car that I'd be able to play when I get the game
and couldn't play it for months.
Anyways, but, they did add some new cars to download as well online so you can get a bunch
of cars that they've hoarded out from different sponsors.
And one of the updates, well other than the cars, the kiosks working now, you cannot spam
your recommended clips to people on your recent players list.
In other words people that you just played in games you can't go hey look at my clip that I made that sucks
I just want to get achievements so there
I'm sure people are excited about that, but the burnout the burnout cars look pretty cool
They've got a spike TV car
They've actually got
yellow card car
uh...
it's like it
don't dole be car if you ever wanted to drive a shitty band now's your chance
i was sitting here like what's yellow card
thank you rob you're welcome
i did check it out a little bit
uh... or try to but the only thing i don't like it you have to unlock the
cars in the game
so picasa alright
go check that out
downloaded enjoy it
Uh, one person that will probably not be playing, yes?
The chat room just made me happy because they remembered Rod Caliber.
Dorks.
We're done with Dreamcast, we're done with Grant.
I know, but it has a special place in my heart.
We can never be done with Dreamcast.
One person that never touched a Dreamcast, you can be certain, is Jack Thompson, and
what's Jack up to this week, DarkSakura?
Jacky-poo is being a poopyhead.
Um, oh, I'm sorry, professionalism, right?
Um, well, he's filed suit against the Florida Bar Association.
So, basically, as reported by a Daily Business Review, also reposted with Game Politics,
who are heroes.
We love them.
Yeah, he's filed a million dollar federal lawsuit against the Florida Bar saying that
the organization is harassing him by investigating his baseless complaints.
One million dollars!
But, and I love what Game Politics commented on this, just a quote.
We're glad someone enjoys what Jack does, but we've reread the First Amendment umpteen
times and still can't find the right to annoy people.
Amen.
I love this post in our forums, if I could read this from our forums.
This is from one of my, I love this listener, he makes a lot of great posts on our forums
here.
The Ichiban Crush.
He posted the bunny picture on my MySpace.
We love our listeners, and this guy is just living proof.
I love this post he made.
Regarding Jacky Poo, I actually hope no one makes a game to his description.
This is a follow-up to last week's story where we talked about the whole Jack Thompson hates
Joystick and all that.
Because with his last modest proposal, what did he do?
Back out of his promise of donating $10,000 to charity when someone called his bluff.
Oh, and let's not even get into the hissy-fitsy targeted towards everyone who pointed out
Jack's lack of credibility or paid the fee on his behalf.
Why are we even giving a shit about this parasitic, ambulance chasing, morally bankrupted, failure
of a lawyer and human being anymore?
In the grand scheme of things, has he made an ounce of influence in the way we as gamers
or the game industry does its thing?
No, not at all.
What we have here is an over glorified internet troll.
Nothing more, nothing less.
His own actions weaken any and all chance for these holy crusades coming through.
This isn't even about fundamentalist antics anymore because it seems even those guys are
laughing at him.
So no, I wouldn't give him what he wants.
people to cry wolf about to the authorities it's trolls bait folks don't
bite love it love it should we even be reporting on him anymore I don't know I
feel like we have an obligation to but at the same time I totally get the
village idiot perspective I'm sick you know I'm really sick of everything
having to do with his name coming up you know we dealt with him what in the mid
90s over the whole cop killer thing mm-hmm you know for iced tea and now
Now we're dealing with him over video games.
See I would love to start like this big thing like podcasts against reporting on Jack Thompson.
I think it would be a great thing but then by doing that you would be reporting on it.
So I can't, I'm stuck.
I don't know what to do.
Podcasts against Jackie Poo.
But the thing is though is that I don't see, you know of course people are going to complain
about him because he's displayed this utter lack of professionalism in all of his dealings
with everybody.
People have reposted emails where he has just completely gone to name calling and finger
pointing like a freaking schoolyard bully.
That's all he is, an overblown bully.
All he's trying to do is keep his name in the spotlight.
This isn't about helping families.
This isn't about cleaning up America.
This is about keeping money in his pocket and the spotlight on him.
One thing though that I guess is a good thing that comes from all this reporting on this
guy is it really does bring the game community together in really interesting ways.
Take that whole pixelante thing, the flowers for Jack, at least there's that good, that
little silver lining that comes out of it as it brings people together out of their
hatred for this guy.
Well, what he needs to also keep in mind that the majority of people who buy video games
are in our age group, the people in this room.
We are the ones who are paying for these games.
you're the ones who are doing a lot of the playing and true yeah a lot of you
know you know teenagers and you know younger kids are playing games but
we're the ones who've been keeping the industry going we were there from the
beginning you know you know if he's and like I've brought up before there has
been so much concrete proof to refute everything he's saying and he just
refuses to accept the fact as fact I honestly I'm sick of him I'm sick of how
utterly stupid he is. He's proof
that one can have a college education and still be retarded.
You can address those cards and letters to
DarkSakura. Please do. If he emails anybody, email me. I will tell you
exactly what I think about you.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if anybody wants to comment. Oh yeah, absolutely.
Alright, well guess what? The US isn't the only place where video games are
investigated.
Japan's National Police Agency is currently investigating the effects
playing video games and watching anime has on children.
This is being led by a former deputy governor of Tokyo, Yutaka Takahana.
These guys met on April 10th in Tokyo to discuss violent video games and sexual content on
the internet.
Previously, though, there really hasn't been a whole lot of controversy in Japan regarding
the in-game violence, but this current generation of games, of course, Grand Theft Auto and
and so on sort of brings us back to the spotlight there.
Also it should be pointed out the sale of Grand Theft Auto 3 was actually banned from
being sold to anyone under the age of 18 in two separate Japanese prefectures and so on
so they're just doing this study here I guess seeing if maybe they need to be a little more
tighter on this stuff in Japan.
I don't know.
That'll happen.
does it's just warp our sense of what kind of women we can achieve you know
and women you know don't have breasts that are that big at least not that many
of them all right and also tentacle rape is not good all this stuff about the
laws and the people that keep talking about this stuff it just makes me angry
I don't know about you guys but I get a little bit angry when I think about this
stuff and so that's why we have a segment here on orange lounge radio
Dedicated to getting a little bit of this angst out of the system out of our system
And it's called the F use of the week. Are you ready to get angsty boys and girls?
more owl
Dark Sakura
F you to whatever that fatigue shit. I had was earlier in the week because it sucked
I actually like being able to get out of bed and do stuff, and I hate missing the show,
so yeah, just F you to whatever has caused the weird random fatigue I had.
LOKI F you to the metal alcohol that I drank last
night, because that sucked, and F you to certain sites that report certain stories without
that report certain stories without citing certain references.
Thank you.
Spike! Do you have any FUs?
FU to cellular phones that don't work.
That would make me angry too.
My FU this week goes to Loki for not singing karaoke last night,
despite how drunk we got him.
You'll have to kill me for this, you big pussy.
Will you sing when you die?
die? Maybe. He'll sing when he's dead. Loki! Sing to us a little bit about the Nintendo
DS's other news. The DS is getting a TV... No, I said sing! I'm just kidding, go ahead.
The DS is getting a TV tuner. A TV tuner the size of an Xbox. No, the TV tuner is ginormous.
And yeah, it's not very portable, but if you're interested, it is available.
And apparently, well, I don't know.
It's being reported by Famitsu Magazine, they have a picture of it, and it literally is
bigger than a DS.
And we're talking old DS, wow.
And apparently, you know, if it's like any of the other TV tuners out there, probably
doesn't get very good reception.
Alright, so why would anybody want to buy this?
Because people like their TV on the go. I don't know.
Fair enough. Alright, also coming to the DS,
Sudoku Gridmaster. Nintendo recently announced that they're going to be putting
this out.
It's gonna have over 400 puzzles and use the DS's touchscreen and handwriting
recognition software.
You'll have practice mode, easy mode, normal, and hard mode.
The game is supposed to come out June 26. What I'm not sure of though is if that
means Japan
or the US. And I'm thinking, come on, another freaking Sudoku game?
I think the only way this game would sell is if they made it look like
Tetris DS. Like put
16-bit Nintendo characters in it. Oh it's Mario presents Sudoku! And then it
would sell
like freaking crazy. What do you want to bet?
Just put Link on it, put Zelda's face on it, do something,
and people will eat that shit up. It's the Legend of Sudoku.
That's the Legend of Sudoku. Dun dun! I'm going to name my firstborn Sudoku.
Why? I'm not. But I am naming my-
when I have a son I'm naming him Richter, after Richter Belmont.
Because you're a geek. Can you pronounce it like the bad English dub?
Richter! Richter! Where you have to wipe out your eye every time you talk to Maria.
Thank you for knowing where I was going with that. Before Doc Sakura coughs up a lung there
with uh the uh reactor thing the grudge is like two years old now stop all right although
they do make a reference to the grudge in scary movie 4 which came out on friday yes
but i heard it sucks uh loki it was funny i don't know you heard wrong well it's a matter
of everyone's opinion what did it get on the tomato meter that's what i want to know no
i really have no interest in seeing it all right uh loki more ds new mario brothers what's
happening with that yeah they're going to be having some of the mini games in mario
brothers. Very similar to what you saw in Super Mario 64 for the DS. To be honest, I
think I played the minigames more than I actually played the games. But this time around, you'll
actually be able to play the multiplayer, which is pretty sweet. So, some minigame action
for you to be shared with friends. That's gonna be fun. Can't wait. It's gonna be fun-tastic.
Fun-tastic. Another friend code for you to have to manage with your friends. That should
be a lot of fun. Well, I don't know if it's over the internet. I don't think it's through
their wifi service. I think it's just local. Oh. Lame. Alright. DarkSakura likes to surf
the internet up and down researching Dreamcast games, but once in a while she comes on another
website that she wants to share with all of you guys. It's DarkSakura's website of the
week. And where should the kids be pointing their browsers to this week, DarkSakura? This
This is a site that's had me mesmerized for about 3 hours as a few people online.
Ron was one of them.
Can attest too because I kept linking pictures.
Snopes.com.
S-N-O-P-E-S.com.
It's basically an urban legends reference page.
It's fabulous.
In fact, someone on my... and I knew about this site for a while, but someone actually
linked a picture of the world's largest rabbit, who was like as big as a dog.
a golden retriever and and it's real and there's lots of interesting pictures in
here like the Cyclops cat and a twin well a two-headed baby it actually was
like a head and half of a body attached to her head they actually had the other
twin removed but yeah I mean some of this is you know there's the fake ones
on here it's basically any urban legend that's been reported and they investigate
it and let you know if it's real or not I love this site because I get those
crappy forwards from co-workers all the time of these totally untrue things and
what I'll do is I'll go on to Snopes.com and find the little article and I'll
just copy paste the link in an email back and I always reply to all. Good but
I'm just for a little overview the hottest 25 urban legends as of this week
is there's one about gas there's the giant rabbit one about Bill Gates doing
Microsoft and AOL giveaway and about the brown recluse spider the effects of the
brown recluse all right so check it out it should be required reading for
anybody who wants to send a forward email and for the for the sake of the
chat room I am going to link the giant rabbit story all right there you go
otherwise you'll have to beg for it in the forums I forgot to mention when
we're talking about useless games and stuff that's coming out this week brain
Age is actually coming out this week. Oh, is it? Yeah. Oh, I told it's this week. I believe so cool
Well so much for useless games coming. I really want that one. It's still not a game. I want to check it out anyway
One game I've always been meaning to check out that I seem to never get around to is Civilization 4
Well, there's actually a past see what I'm waiting for is I'm waiting for like the ultimate Civ 4
Compilation to come out for 20 bucks in like a year because that's what always happens with civilization games
But anyway, if you're a rabid Civilization fan who's getting your fix right now, there's
a brand new patch that just came out, and it's circulating on the internet.
And part of it is just a patch to up your game to 1.61, you know, bug fixes, tweaks,
all that fun stuff.
However, the other part of this is very cool.
It's a software development kit, and what it'll do is it'll let programmers basically
mess with the inner functions and make user-created mods.
So I think that's very cool is that Civ 4 is really embracing the mod community.
And I remember them saying they were going to do this when the game first launched but
they're really putting it out there where anybody can make their own Civ 4 scenarios.
I think that's very cool.
And I know we've had folks email us in the past wanting to know more about these types
of games that you can mod and all that good stuff.
So this is a good one right here, Civilization 4, make your own scenarios.
It is down to $30 if you want to pick up the game, down from I think $50 when it first
came out.
$9.99, or as I call it, $30.
Moving on.
Loki!
Yes.
What's making a comeback?
Hopefully not a wee bull, but, Alone in the Dark.
I mean, I remember they were showing some pictures of Alone in the Dark, the new one,
and they're actually kind of pretty cool and they have some screenshots up right now.
But 1UP is reporting that Alone in the Dark will rear its head on next-gen consoles very
soon.
probably will see at E3, maybe. But we'll have to wait, they're going to be showing
it in I think the next electronic gaming monthly. So, should be interesting.
Are you Alone in the Dark? Yes, and I'm playing a crappy video game called Alone in the Dark.
If I remember correctly, I did read a little bit about this.
Just teasing, I'm teasing, I'm teasing. It's actually supposed to be set in Central
Park in New York and something about um I don't remember now but um some
paranormal of course violent paranormal hobos horrible movies being made who is
responsible I want to see typing of the dead make a comeback sudoku of the dead
one more major story for you guys tonight that comes from dark soccer then
We're going to open up our Skype line over at www.orangelonitrader.com, click on interact
with us.
But Arch Soccer has a little bit of a follow-up.
We talked about this title, I think, previously, but now we've got a little more news on it.
There's actually Guitar Man on the PSP.
Basically there is a, on the Japanese Playstation site, there is a product posting announcing
a second Guitar Man, of course, published by Koei.
Koei gave us Keio Flying Squadron, I like them.
Um, but as Guitar Man Live for the PSP,
um, follow up to the first Guitar Man that was on PlayStation 2,
um, there's supposed to- there's speculation that there's gonna be demos at E3.
Hopefully, that will be true. I will be
living at wherever that is. Um,
but, uh, the, uh,
There's very few details out on it right now, although there's a new feature that's being advertised
That has network play
But not online compatible and you can compete head-to-head or cooperative in duet mode
It's supposed to be a bit more balanced the music and vocals are provided by actual Japanese pop stars, so
Maybe it'll be someone that we've heard of over here.
It'll be cool, I think it's going to be pretty cool. I'm looking forward to it.
Alright, sounds good. Our skype line is open over at www.orangelaunchradio.com
Click on interact with us
so let's pick up some calls. Hello, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Sweet, I'm the first one on, it's Ranma. Hi Ranma, what's on your mind?
Not much, I want to cover a couple of things and I'm on my way out of here.
I want to talk about the Xbox emulator and I can explain better why it was taking it
so long to convert games and make them more compatible and stuff.
Oh yeah, what is up with that?
On the 360, very few games are compatible.
What's up with that?
You know, from my knowledge, working with computers and technology, it's like this.
Xbox is Pentium 3, and Xbox 360 is like a core cell processor or something like that.
Basically, the emulator has to convert the coding and stuff, so it'll work.
As for the graphics processor, that part really doesn't matter per se,
because even though it's optimized for NVIDIA,
it's still like a generic graphics, it'll still work on the quote-unquote new ATI graphics chipset or whatever.
It's not optimized for NVIDIA, it's built by NVIDIA.
it's a little different but it'll still work regardless even on those games they're
saying they'll work
on that chipset it'll work on others as well
I still think it's fucked that you can play Barbie and not DDR I mean fuck that
I agree I mean I understand why because you know they get one game to work and
usually about 10 games are very similar to that but still
it's messed up it's wrong it's wrong
Know I know
All right, anything else Rana? How goes your training against Jack Thompson? I got 51 odds on you to kick his ass. Oh
No, he's kind of old and broken. Yeah, we wouldn't we won't get win in a fight now
We wouldn't know we don't want to get sued over, you know threatening to fight him or whatever
It's not a threaten to fight
I'm just speculating that if there was if I had to defend myself if a rabid Jack Thompson came to Sacramento
Sacramento and wanted to beat me up or give me rabies then I would win in a fight. He's coming right for us. Ah
Jamie you didn't hear last week's um
Show did you I was sort of dead. Well, I basically told Jack to bring it on. That's all yes
I called Jack out. I said I said bring it bitch. I said bring it
We would own him so I know I know physically I said we could have a war of words
I said I would be cordial to him and let him have his say but then he would have to listen to everything I have
to say in return you know what though that wouldn't be fair because well we
would just completely decimate him I know you cannot have a battle of wits
against an unarmed opponent point taken all right Rama we got to get some more
calls but thank you so much for the call no problem love it love you guys bye
some folks in the chat room are asking did we SSJ 100 Matt wants to know did we
do peep jousting this year that's actually something that happened on the
old show vanilla sky my one of my spin-off shows we did not do peep
jousting this morning and for those that don't know what peep jousting is that is
when you on Easter actually you can do this any day take some marshmallow peeps
but it's easiest around Easter take some marshmallow peeps and stick some
toothpicks in them and then put them in the microwave and watch them get really
really really big and then at one point one peep has to slaughter the other
mercifully no word with the toothpick and it's beautiful to watch because
those things get huge and then you eat them if you're feeling the best part is
after incredibly nasty slightly after Easter going and buying the old peeps
that no one wants you get like packages of those that's what I need to do
tomorrow I need to go to Target and for friggin day oh my god I get such good
candy deals at Target I mean I'm I'm gaining weight and everything so I
probably shouldn't but Oh peeps peeps are so good marshmallows are so gross
they're like diabetes waiting to happen I think we should have a gang of peeps
versus a gang of circus peanuts and we'll see who wins the nuts or the
grand theft candy coming to an orange lounge near you can we go to another
call please beat it in the background while you make this that might be fun
let's go to another call hi you're on orange lounge radio hey hi who's this
this is did you lose a sock did you lose a sock welcome to orange lounge radio I
don't recognize that name it's very cool a longtime podcast listener first time
listening live. Very cool, well welcome. Welcome to the madness. Thank you, appreciate it.
I just wanted to call in and say awesome show, loved it, and that I think it's stupid that
people think Mac gaming is going to die. That Mac gaming is going to die? Oh because of
the whole dual booth thing? Yeah I think people are stupid thinking that it will die, I don't
think it will
I don't think it will you know what Commodore 64 gaming is still not dead in
many ways so
Mac gaming will never die either you know there's there's rabid fans for
everything and
I don't think the dual boot thing is gonna take off right away
it's gonna be a little while I think there's still be some good stuff on Mac
yeah with the with the switch to the Intel processor
I think actually porting games will make it a lot easier so
I think we're gonna see more games on the Mac
Very, uh, we'll see what happens.
I hope so. Alright, anything else? Mr. Sock?
Oh, keep up the good work. Alright. Thank you very much. We appreciate the ego boost call
once in a while.
Okay. Alright, have a good one. We like new people.
Love it when new people call in the show. Alright, let's go to another call here.
We'll go over
here. Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Hey, what's up?
Hi, who's this? Uh, this is Hitstun. Hi, Hitstun. What's on your mind?
mine hello um yeah I got a couple things I want to go over here okay I want to
throw out idea I noticed earlier today about well earlier this week about how
Walmart dictates the contents of games like I posted this up well I saw was
posted on the forums too but like they can dictate things like I know it's cool
I know what article you're talking about and for some reason yeah yeah for some
reason it didn't make this week's show roll but I do remember reading something
on it like Walmart is when a double-a title comes out Walmart supposedly gets
to review the title before it's released yeah I you know why I don't I think one
reason we kind of didn't originally intend on covering it is because I don't
know if I believe it um well I can explain okay go for it it's like they
only have so much shelf space like they only have room for so many adventure
games, so many RPGs, so many strategy games, whatever.
And if something isn't popular enough,
they're not going to have the room to carry it.
So I had an idea.
There should be an independent publisher that's
like Cafe Press.
You know how Cafe Press does like t-shirts and coffee
mugs and stuff, or whoever.
Right.
You send them a design and they make it.
Someone should do that for video games.
That's my idea.
Stamp your video game on a 360?
Yeah, exactly.
Anyone who wants to publish their game
should be able to send it to this company and have people order it from this site and
get copies of it.
I think I blowed this whole thing wide open.
Look, people out there wanting to start a business, you need to give Hitstun a call.
He's got a good idea here.
Now I'm hoping, here's the problem though, would these games break after I put them through
the wash one time?
Because that's what happens to all that shit I buy from Cafe E-Press, is they fucking break
one time after the wash.
Touche.
I don't know about that, Vee.
I still have a copy of that Bimani t-shirt. You must hand wash that baby or listen
Here is why Walmart knew how they dictate games. Okay, so you have this game coming out called. Halo 3
Yeah, does it have hunting deer in it?
It doesn't we don't want to carry it. I
Don't buy music at Walmart because I don't agree with this
I just I really don't shop at Walmart in general because I'm such a target whore for one and I just think Walmart is nasty
I mean, I don't know about the Walmart's in your neck of the woods, but around here. They're nasty
You walk in and it smells like dirt. I mean you live in Alabama Walmart's the primary source of entertainment. I
Know I understand I understand that in some areas Walmart's only option. I'm not joking, but you guys have online
Yeah, it's a nice independent stores here. All right. Well, that's good. Like here to call this area and one more thing
Hmm, I I need to pwn you guys a Tetris DS any of you with Tetris DS
Like listen in the chat or I know sky you got it. I
Take you out. Let's let's plan it some more make a thread in the forums and we'll plan a night. All right. Yeah
I mean
Yeah, whatever. I'm not like unbeatable or anything, but and I gotta take you guys out. It'll be fun
We like to we like to show our listeners just how bad at video games
We really are so but I know you guys can turn around and kill me Mario
Well, we'll dish it out at some point start a thread in the forums. We'll try to make it happen
All right. All right. Have a good one, buddy
Bye. Bye. Okay. Okay, Rhonda saying he heard heard my accent. I
Don't have an accent since I moved to California talking about Walmart nonetheless. That's one more art
All right. Thank you guys so much for calling in on the Skype line tonight
we appreciate it, but we gotta get to the last minute stories. Does anybody have a
last minute story they'd like to share?
Yeah, Project Gotham 3 is getting an update on Xbox Live.
Basic stuff that they're going to be adding, one of them is
the ability to lock the host car and host car class.
So again, just what kind of car class you're racing as. Also,
added wheel support for some of these brand new
steer wheels out there being put out by like uh... mad cats and
and stuff like that uh... also
finally
uh... they're going to be doing
spectator mode
uh... so i know that
fear coming through the three sixty supposed to be shown at e3 it's
supposed to be a story i think one up was talking about uh... are going to be
putting out there is one of the biggest pc games comes to the three sixty one
that on your list
maybe
uh... and then also um... credit for the recent stories has been delayed to the
end of may supposedly
i hope that's not true because
that games awesome
i hope it has all my co or online multiplayer someone fucking kick
everybody's ass
everybody's ass
ever heard of one of the videos that we had me drunk
hey how about a game of you know uh... credit auto right now michael fucking
kick your ass
even if i have drunk
There were 5,400 World of Warcraft players banned.
Oh my gosh, what did they do?
Basically, they were trying to clamp down on gold farming and cheating.
And funeral party raiding.
10,700 accounts were suspended for participating in activities that violate the game's terms of use,
including using third-party programs to farm gold and items.
According to Blizzard, and I quote, such actions can severely impact the economy of a realm
and the overall game enjoyment for all players.
And selling World of Warcraft content such as gold items and characters can result in
permanent ban of the involved accounts.
If you want to cheat like that, you better go play Oblivion.
However, a new patch, 1.10.1, is released.
The Jagged Obsidian Shield is now bind on equipped, and the Titanic Leggings pattern
and will now drop slightly less frequently,
which is obviously, you know,
it's gonna make, you know, the item a bit more.
You know the amazing Extrofer hit 60
on his character on World of Warcraft this week.
Dear God, I'm still level seven.
I haven't even reviewed my account.
And I was like, what are you gonna do now?
And he's like, I'm gonna go on raids,
and I'm gonna do all this fun stuff with my character
that they wouldn't let me do before,
because I wasn't 60, and I come in the next day,
and I notice there's an experience bar
at the bottom of the screen.
I'm like, you're not playing your character.
like yeah I got bored so I'm leveling my alt a little bit more news 1.11 is
coming out soon which is basically made specific there'll be a talent review
patch is going to introduce a new 40 man raid dungeon the necropolis of Naxxramas
and which is home to the dreaded lich unpronounceable name insert here all
There's also a little bit more. Capcom's gonna be loading us with stuff at E3 and you know what, I hate Firefox all of a sudden.
What, did it do a crash on you?
Yes!
Oh no!
So let's see if I can get around this.
I can do a story-
Just go ahead and leave it off of there.
Alright, I can do a fill in real quick if you get to bring it up.
Nah, I'm not even gonna bother with it.
Alright.
Go Nintendo has an interesting little quote from Ubisoft Montreal CEO's Yanis Mallet.
I can say definitely as any other developer. We are looking at this magical platform, and we want to be a part of the adventure
I'm pretty sure we'll see other revolution games from Ubisoft and some of them
I'm sure will be made from Montreal, so he's quoting there that the revolution is a
magical platform, it's full of
Magic and they're going to make magic games
She can play as fairies and magic!
Can I get a puppy?
You can do anything on the magic of Nintendo!
That's it.
That's pretty much going to do it for tonight's show.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off?
I want a rabbit that's as big as a dog.
My final thought is, I want a dog that's as big as a rabbit.
Spike.
Die, monster.
You don't belong in this world.
And...
It was not by my hand that I was given flesh.
Nerds!
Nerds!
Loki.
Um...
Well...
Ooh, video.
We'll have to...
I'm really trying to get this on the website.
Alright.
You do that, Mr. Loki.
Alright, that's going to do it for another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading us, checking us out, tuning in live, breaking
some record numbers for us listening live tonight.
I really, really appreciate that you guys.
Again, all we ask if you enjoy the show, we do it for free, just tell a friend, tell somebody
you know about Orange Lounge Radio because that's really the best way for us to advertise
because we don't have any big sites backing us and we don't have those ads and things
so unless Loki can manage to leak some more release dates we don't get
attention very often so we need you guys to help us out
Dark Sakura? I almost forgot reject false icons
oh there you go and on that note that's gonna do it
have a good week we'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production
for more information on our live and podcast programs
Visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week!
