Today, April 9th, 2006, new screenshots from the revolution hit the internet, Xbox Live
prepares for lots of new arcade games, and which Japanese company might be finding itself
in big trouble this tax season.
Hello everybody out there in the podcast universe or the live streaming radio
universe you are listening to
Orange Lounge Radio episode number one hundred and eighty
for April the ninth two thousand six. How you guys doing out there? My name is Rob Roberts
you might know me as Sky.
Not with us tonight is Dark Sakura also known as Jamie Summers. She's sick. She
She has Asian bird flu, I think.
She has a really high fever or something, so she had to call in tonight.
So we hope you feel better soon, DarkSakura, if you're out there listening.
Secretly though, I think she's just like, you know how when a really popular video game
would come out, you'd stay at home, call in sick and play hooky to play that game?
I think Kingdom Hearts 2 did that to her.
I think she called in sick to stay home and play Kingdom Hearts 2.
No, of course I'm teasing.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
You know, what's funny is I feel like I'm actually Jamie right now because
Because you're sitting in a chair with a laptop
Yeah, I know cuz you got your new laptop, didn't you? Yeah, so this is weird and you did not buy a Mac
I did not buy a Mac despite the advice of our listeners. I don't like honestly you got to compare the specs and
Then you see clearly that you know the way to go
Is the way I did. Well, I'm not a fan of Gateway. How's that feel?
I'm not a fan of gateway either to be honest, but you know what this computer is at the right price and have the right specs
To me gateway is merely the case. It's in so all right, whatever all right
Well say helping us out tonight since we're one person short
So we had to call on someone at the last minute and always prepared to lend a hand say hello to spike
Hello, how you doing? I'm doing very good good good to hear it
Alright, he's feeling a little pressure a little bit because we literally asked him
about oh an hour ago, hey can you sit in and be a host tonight on a radio program on the
internet?
But you've done this before, you've been here before.
It's always good times.
Alright, yeah you know a lot about games, I know you don't really lead it on very much,
you know a lot about games, you really do.
What was that Japanese game you're saying you're going to bring me next week that was
some PS2 launch title?
Primal Image.
Okay, let me set up the story a little bit.
We were at Walmart last night for some ungodly, I hate Walmart, I don't know why I was there,
But we were at Walmart last night, and I was talking about, oh, Rumble Roses XX, because
we saw it there, and I said pretty much the only reason that you would want to get Rumble
Roses XX is for the photo-taking mode of where you can take dirty pictures of all the wrestlers.
It's like, you know, I don't know, it's the best feature of the game, because the game
itself is very slow and boring.
But you said it reminded you of this game, my description.
It's basically Pokemon Snap with half-naked virtual models, and they go around doing their
various poses as you circle around them, taking photos, and you get bonus points for the sort
of more suggestive photos you take.
Very fun.
But they did not release this game in the US?
Sadly, no.
Gee, I wonder why.
Alright.
Well, maybe, I'll be, hopefully Spike will bring a copy of that for me next week so I
take a look at it cuz I really want to play that game and check out cuz I love
Pokemon snap so I don't see why I wouldn't love this game I mean Pokemon
snap was one of the reasons to own a 64 like like those like the greatest games
you have Mario 64 Mario Kart 64 and then Pokemon snap is where it's at I
don't care what you haters say and mischief makers I know I never played
that what is that oh you've got drop jaw what is mischief makers I've never heard
of this I've heard of mischief makers it's not as bad as it sounds what is it
Tell me, what is this game? What are you doing it?
If I remember correctly, it's based off an anime, I want to say.
No, don't look like that. It's not like that. It's a good game.
It's not a... It's an anime game.
Alright.
Alright, we're going to go around and start this show off as we usually do with a little bit of How Was Your Gaming Week,
where we go around and check in and see what we've been playing this week and what we like and what we hate.
Loki, what have you been playing this week?
I've been playing Far Cry Instincts Predator, and that game's pretty, I don't know, long.
It's a fun game, you know, but then again, it's one of those games, like achievement-wise,
if you're going for achievement points in this game, might as well spend your time elsewhere
because to beat the game, you get 10 points, and you have to beat it in every single difficulty
through both the Instinct storyline and the Evolution storyline, and then do a bunch of
shit where some of those xbox live arcade games are like you press the L trigger you
get 20 points that would be hilarious to have like a game with a thousand achievements in
each one's a point you know like pushing direction up pushing direction down that would be hilarious
but no unfortunately can you imagine if DDR comes out for the xbox 360 what the achievement
points for that are gonna be like that's gonna be cake it's gonna be serious cake but um
You played with a mat instead of a controller. You get 500 points.
Oh my gods, you beat Max Limited!
Go outside!
Now, um...
I don't know, so that game's kind of fun.
I did get Rumble Roses XX. I did not buy Rumble Roses XX, just to make that clear.
I would not spend money on that game, unfortunately, but
I did get it. I haven't played it, though, yet, because I, you know, got a laptop and
haven't had a chance to waste time on it in that game.
it looked interesting, I guess. Right now I've gotten pretty much every game for March
except for Blazing Angels, and that's the only one I don't have yet. But I'm not really
going to be buying games until June now, because I don't like Tomb Raider. I don't really care
for Top Spin. Battlefield 2, I've never played it, don't really care. And the stuff in May,
X-Men 3, maybe Time Shift, and MotoGP 2006 moved, and Rockstar's Table Tennis, no thank
you.
I don't know, I have to admit, my interest has somewhat peaked at Rockstar Table Tennis,
I must say.
I've been playing, of course, more Grand Theft Auto, Liberty City Stories.
It's just fun.
I've been six months, I mean, now it doesn't get old.
It's just really fun.
The multiplayer is the best part, and I hope the god that it has the multiplayer when it
it comes out on the PlayStation 2 version. Instincts tell me, though, no. It's not gonna.
All right. Anything else? That's it. All right. Spike, my friend, what have you been playing
this week? I've been playing a lot of Final Fantasy 12 or 11. Oh my god. You're just,
you're too eager for the 12, aren't you? I am. I want to play it so badly, which is a
marked change from how I felt initially, but now all my time with 11 has me really excited
about that same base gameplay, but with a story!
See? That's what I'm telling people! To really appreciate the Final Fantasy XII demo, you
must have had some exposure to XI. Yeah, it's true. I definitely agree with you now. I'm
also replaying Kingdom Hearts, the first game, to get ready for the second one, and... Is
this because you're poor and you'll have to wait until it's a $20 game? That's almost
exactly what I... I'm just giving you a hard time. But yeah, I put in 17 hours over that
last week. Dang! And I forgot how much I hated the camera, but I really like everything else
about the game. That perfectly sums up my review of Kingdom Hearts, the first one. Hate
the camera, love everything else. So yeah, that's my week in gaming. Awesome. Let's see
what I've been playing this week. I just picked up Top Spin 2, the tennis game on the Xbox
360, which was the only Xbox 360 game I played at last year's E3, so I think it has somewhat
sentimental value to me, because it was the only game that had no lines last year at E3.
I think, no, I actually played it, instead of playing it at the Microsoft booth, I played
it at 2K Games' booth, and there wasn't nearly as many people there, because they were kind
of in a different spot.
So I got to play Top Spin 2, and I don't think I've played this game thoroughly enough to
give it a good review yet.
I did notice, like, my first impressions were character creation, whoa, like, okay, it's
right up there with Oblivion, okay?
You know how Oblivion will let you totally customize everything?
The only thing that Topspin 2 is missing is Night Elves, okay?
Otherwise, it's just his throw, and that would be pretty badass if he could be a Night
Elf tennis player, I must say.
Now, I saw something with Oblivion, someone made Chuck Norris.
Oh, I read about that on the internet.
Young Chuck Norris thing, it's hilarious.
What exactly did they do with that?
There was a skit that they did on Saturday Night Live, Young Chuck Norris, and the whole
song that goes along with that and he kicked and he punched and it's really funny, you
gotta check it out, I think it's on YouTube and they really, just using the normal character
creation, they made it really look like Chuck Norris and it was hilarious because he was
beating up the shop owner and it went through basically everything that was on the Saturday
Night Live music video, they just kind of recreated it in oblivion and it was pretty
funny.
Awesome.
Besides the character creation, then I started doing career mode a little bit, but I found
that I kind of sucked at the game because I didn't know what I was doing.
I didn't think the game had a very friendly tutorial mode or anything.
There was really nothing to tell me, press A to do a light bounce, press X to do a slice
and all that stuff.
I would like a tennis game that's built for the retarded tennis player like myself who
who is too fat to play real tennis, who might be able to benefit from knowing what a slice
really is, assuming maybe I haven't played tennis before.
I know what it is, but I would have liked something that really started me from an amateur
level, whereas the game threw me right in there and expected me to know stuff.
Even in the first training, it's like, okay, you've got to serve ten balls, and you're
like, okay, what the hell am I doing?
It didn't really explain it for me, so I actually had to open the instruction manual and read
it.
to do that with games. Extraction manuals are dated things. I don't ever read instruction
manuals with games, ever. I don't need them, usually, but I needed it for this. That made
me a little sad. But the graphics are really pretty, and I played a tournament in a Japanese
cup or something, and it was all decorated, very Japanese style, totally stereotypical,
but it was cool. Besides that, I've been playing Holdovers from last week, Beatmania, Kingdom
Hearts 2, and I downloaded Feeding Frenzy, which is an Xbox Live Arcade title, which
I guess came out a couple weeks ago, because I wanted a new arcade game, and Street Fighter
2 is still not available.
What the hell's with that?
I don't know.
Well, they had major lag problems that they had to fix.
A friend of a friend mentioned that there's major lag issues going on, and that's, I don't
think, supposed to be very well known, but there were lag problems to the extreme, so.
So it's supposed to be coming out, I think, at the end of this month.
That's what they say.
I think we have a story on it later.
Then again, they said that last month too.
That's very true.
So I don't trust them until the damn thing's on the marketplace.
So I downloaded Feeding Frenzy instead because I remember this game because I've played a
game at Dave and Buster's that's just like it, except it gives you tickets when you do
really well.
And to be honest, I think I prefer this game when it gives you tickets.
Because this game was kind of junky, like it's really boring and you do the same thing
over and over.
sat there for like two hours just to play this game until I died I beat the
game the very first time I ever played it and got something like 75 achievement
points for doing so like it was it was cake and I think it's because geometry
wars I and I really suck at geometry wars but it has me skilled enough to
dodge things really well using the analog stick like using my sprite to
dodge things and that's pretty much all feeding frenzy is is a poor man's
Geometry Wars with no shooter so no it's just I here's the thing I don't like
about these some of these trackball because that game is way better with the
trackball than it is a controller I didn't mind the controller because I am
the game's okay I do like the fact that saves your progress so because the game
is kind of crappy I wouldn't want to have to go back and replay the whole
game the thing though I don't like about it is it all these web games are getting
You know poured over there just flash games. Yep, and let me take a moment to introduce the chat room over at
www.orangelaundrydo.com click on chat. We do tape live every Sunday night to provide linear listener interaction
We're one of the few podcasts that allow this. It's awesome. We love doing this
And you guys get your input gk 128 says in the chat room feeding frenzy free on the PC
$10 on Xbox Live Arcade and you know what you're absolutely right. I'm a consumer whore. There's absolutely no
No reason I should have paid for this except for the fact that as opposed to sitting in
my little office chair and playing on the PC little screen, I like being able to plop
my butt on the couch, have my cup of tea or whatever I'm drinking that night, and play
on the HDTV.
There's something to be said about that.
That's why I plan to get Final Fantasy XI in a couple weeks, which makes absolutely
no sense because I already have it on the PC, but I'm just that lazy where I want to
plop on the couch and not have to move or anything and lay down and you know
all that stuff just make sure you buy USB mouse and keyboard because well X
defers upgrading so I think I'm gonna steal that one and use it as the Xbox
thingy okay I'm just saying though make sure cuz yeah no there is no way in hell
I would play and I would advise anybody out there it's gonna get into Final
Fantasy 11 on Xbox 360 do yourself a favor buy a USB keyboard and a USB mouse
because you will be a sad sad person otherwise
actually you might be able to fake it without the mouse
you could probably do it without the keyboard
yeah the mouse because I remember I didn't really use the mouse at all
during the game so keyboard's fine especially with all the shortcuts and
everything so that's
not a problem and honestly I already have a USB mouse that I use on my laptop
and it's wireless so why not just take it and use it on the 360 that's what I plan on doing
and the keyboard's good anyways because you can actually use it in other games like for
example putting in cheat codes in Far Cry and Stinks
it makes it a lot easier with the keyboard. There you go.
Alright, let's see other comments in our chat room. VXJsonXV says
Street Fighter 2 is now on GameTap.
That's right, GameTap did a big update this week and I forgot that's another game I've
been playing.
Magic Sword is now on GameTap.
Hello, like one of my favorite Capcom games ever.
That's the greatest news I've heard all day. There you go. Hopefully I made
someone else's week there.
For GameTap's $10 a month thingy, you can do the Magic Sword.
And I think they added a whole bunch of other Capcom stuff.
Knights of the Round, I think, was on there too.
Any word on Black Tiger?
No, but VX JasonXV stays on top of that stuff
more than I do, so he will probably be able to say.
He did tell me King's Quest is on the way though.
He saw in some movie thing on GameTap TV
that King's Quest is coming,
and to which I said something about, oh, it's about time.
Let's see, other questions.
I noticed our chat room is playing Mario Kart DS tonight,
so if you're trying to find friends for DS
you're listening live, go to orangehonoredradio.com and click on chat and you can find some folks
to play Mario Kart DS with.
I do see a lot of agreements for Mischief Makers, Hitstun in our chatroom says, Mischief
Makers fucking owns, and I quote, so somebody knew what you were talking about, Spirit Snare
agrees Mischief Makers was indeed awesome.
That's because you guys have the best listeners.
We do, we seriously do.
I love our listeners, they're so awesome, we've got a full chatroom tonight, I demanded
last week that more people visit our MySpace and it worked we've like doubled
our numbers on MySpace and people are actually leaving us comments now it's
awesome I love you guys for doing that if you want to visit myspace.com slash
orange launch radio all one word so hurry before they take MySpace down
because of all the you know controversial things that go on there
like the scary old men that search out 17 year olds all right oh yeah VXJXV
That's Xbox Live, isn't it?
No.
Remember the story from the, what was it, Philadelphia or Pittsburgh News that said
the Nintendo DS is the new stalker system.
Your little girl might go on PictoChat and get raped.
I mean, seriously.
What the hell was that?
That news is like two months old.
I would love to do that, just like, you know, do a little skit or something, like doing
PictoChat and says, I'm going to rape you, and then have like a picture to go with it.
Just save these ideas for OLR TV before you know who steals it.
But wait, I was going to say, the videos, speaking of which, you updated OLR PSP.com
with videos, right?
Yeah, that was fun.
Including something that we purposefully cut out of last week's show because it didn't
make the podcast because I had the giggles a little too much going into one segment,
but Dark Sakura had a lot to do with that.
So you tape the whole thing and put a video of it on OLRPSP.com.
That was fun.
So, more videos to come in the future.
Yeah, more videos to come in the future, we can't say too much yet, but yeah, and I'm
trying to, well, the whole video thing was kind of an experiment because the PSP itself
doesn't like downloading the videos, it thinks it's a webpage.
It's kind of retarded when you think of it because you have to save the link as, so I
got to put some different instructions on there and, you know, work at it that way,
but...
because we've got something big planned yeah that's all I have to say we got
something big planned for like a month it's gonna be huge yeah huge all right
let's get into some news and we'll start it off tonight with Loki and I got some
news over there on the revolution oh yeah they've actually had some
screenshots of Red Steel one of the games is coming to the revolution leaked
to the internet they're actually out of the new issue of Game Informer the May
issue. And you know what? I'm starting to think here that the Revolution might be as
powerful as some of these other systems out there. Especially the next gen stuff. The
pictures look really good actually. And what's interesting is how they describe what you
use the Revolution controller for. For example, the way you hold the controller is actually
the way you hold the gun in the game. So if you want to go gangster and you hold the gun
sideways, your character in game will do that as well.
The other thing which is kind of neat is when you're lobbing grenades you actually use the
controller like you're throwing a grenade or if you want to roll one on the ground ever
so slightly you can do that too which is really neat and use it also as a sword in the game.
But by the screenshots so far I would say this looks pretty on par with even stuff like
Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter, and even the Rainbow Six Vegas, it looks really good.
I'm really shocked, especially since they're saying, you know, that the specs aren't that
great and stuff.
I think it looks really good.
This is a great comment from our chat room right here.
Ota G says, specs don't make a game look good, developers make games look good.
Exactly, and here's the thing too, and a lot of people, when they're looking at these,
they're saying well you know what just because the specs aren't as powerful
because they're not going HD they can use that extra you know
processing power to make it look even better so
Nintendo can't you do a little HD
well they're doing 480p so that's
something. Does that mean widescreen? That's progressive scan. I know it means progressive scan
does that mean I get widescreen too? I think so
so it's something and you know what
Don't know they can always they can change that later. Maybe I don't know but um
Yeah, I don't know. It just looks really good really good
All right now spike. I saw these pictures in your life journal. What do you think of Red Steel? I'm really impressed
I as many others I was really excited about the revolution for the gameplay innovation
I had my my hopes set on maybe we'd see games eventually that looked like Resident Evil 4
I'm already like wow, this is this is past that and I'm really impressed. I'm really happy
The only issue I have with this and in looking at the pictures, I mean the game looks pretty hot
Don't get me wrong and I'm really glad to see that Nintendo, you know, even if this is leaked out
I'm glad to see we're finally seeing something on the revolution
My only hesitation is that I think a gun game using that controller is like the most cliche thing
You could possibly do although I agree with you. It is a game being produced by Ubisoft
First off, that's kind of expected, I'd think, from them.
But that says to me an even deeper message about developers are taking this very seriously.
They're not just making $10 shovelware ports for the revolution, they're actually coming
up with ideas, and even if they're cliche ideas, they're still putting real resources
behind them.
VXJ6V in chat says cliche but it makes sense
I suppose I mean I just I just hope that you I want to see more like the like the
demo with the chopping the vegetables thing now that was
unique are you looking forward to the next Nintendogs
if it's if it's like the DS one I
I really hope they expand on it they announce they announce 50 launch titles
for real 50 launch titles 20 of which are going to be
put out by Nintendo.
Where did you get this?
I haven't heard of this.
I don't remember where I read that.
Well, then I have to take it with a grain of salt if you cannot cite a fact, of course.
But if that's the case, you will see these innovative things, but still though, the thing
about the revolution is they're trying to get away from Nintendo being looked at as
a kid's system, a system that's meant for little kids and that's it.
that's what Microsoft and Sony want you to believe is that the system is meant for younger
crowd when this is...
Well, something tells me this little game with the gun thing is going to dispel that
pretty quick.
Well, I don't know, but it just looks good.
That's all I got to say.
Besides, a Nintendo fanboy's answer to whenever a Microsoft or Sony fanboy presents them with
that is Resident Evil 4, which usually is a GameCube fanboy's answer to everything.
somebody tries to doggone into Resident Evil 4, bitch. Resident Evil 4. Resident Evil 4,
bitch. That's great. I've said that exactly, actually. Have you really? I have. I think
everybody should use that in a sentence today. Challenge yourself to tell a friend, Resident
Evil 4, bitch. Snakes on a plane. Shut up. Snakes on a Resident Evil 4. Ah, anyway, if
you're a Nintendo DS fanboy, there's some good news in your future. The Nintendo DS
download stations are making their way around the country, you can actually locate one near
you on Nintendo.com and the Spring 2006 demo series has Mario Kart DS, Tetris DS, Meteos,
Metroid Prime Hunters, Pokemon Trozy, and it also has a preview of Brain Age, Train
Your Brain in Minutes a Day, that game, which I'm really looking forward to trying out.
Even if it does have Sudoku in it, which I'm a little tired of, I think the rest of it
will be pretty cool.
So I'm really looking forward to that.
So I want to try this demo, and True Swing Golf is also another demo in there.
Now, I did a quick search in our area, and it looks like GameCrazy is the chain that's
going to be carrying this a lot.
And GameCrazy is the one that's in Hollywood Video, right?
Some Hollywood Videos.
Some Hollywood Videos have them, but not all.
But the one nearest me has one, and they have a download station, supposedly.
Best Buys are also going to be a huge chain that has them.
again that's just in my area who knows where they are near you
head on over to nintendo.com slash ds download station all one word
to locate a ds download station near you
and all you gotta do you go into download play and they'll all come up right on
there and you choose what you want to download
and here's my tip I learned this at E3 when they did something similar
all you have to do close your ds put it in sleep mode
you can take the ds home with you as long as you don't turn it off demo is still there
Did that with the polarium demo last year for e3 Jesus why that game was awful
Sorry, I liked it enough to buy it
The only game I think I hated more than that was sprung. Otherwise, I thought polarium was a waste of my time
Even now now, what about ping pals? Oh, that's
That's not even a game that that just burns in hell
I gotta love that you gotta wonder if they were developing that game before I think so
I think that was before pictochat was announced and then then when pictochat was announced to be included. They were like, ah fuck
So that's why it's a bargain bin title now
Seriously, you probably find that game for like five dollars
It's not even worth that maybe 99 cents
Like if you can find that game at 99 cent clearance Center or the 98 cent store or whatever then maybe it might be worth
A look but otherwise that game is of the Dollar Tree special
Speaking of the DS, when do the pretty new ones come out, Loki?
Hopefully soon, and the estimated data is gonna be around the same time that, you know,
Mario, or the new Super Mario Brothers is coming out.
Anyways, according to the latest issue of EGM, they're reporting May.
And I think we reported May a while back to, I don't remember what the source was from,
but it looks like it's gonna be May.
I mean, it makes sense, it's right when this brand new game comes in and it would be a
really good packing game, so yeah, I think that's when it's going to happen sometime
mid-May.
Didn't we kind of talk about that last week, like theories were around on the internet
saying that it's possible that the DS Lite, well first Mario Brothers was pushed back,
but then I read that that was actually wrong, it got pushed back up.
It was a week.
They were kind of like...
They've been volleying back and forth.
Yeah.
been with the dates, but now it's back to the 15th, so we totally reported a false story
last week, our bad, but it's back now and maybe for the DS Lite to come out at the same
time.
They would have to announce that, that would have to be like a big surprise thing at E3,
like the DS Lite is coming out and it's on store shelves right now.
Is that feasible?
They could do that?
Pull a Sega Saturn?
They could.
I'm trying to think, yeah, that would actually be the Monday-Tuesday after E3, so yeah, that
makes sense.
There you go.
Alright, moving on, I've got a story for you guys in regards to Mario as well.
There's new postage stamps coming out in Japan that feature the Mario Brothers sprites, and
It's 80 yen to get a 10 stamp sheet, I'm sorry, no it's 80 yen is the value of the stamps
and there's 10 of them, so it would be 800 yen to get one of these sheets.
And there are stamps and they have things like the Cheep Cheeps, Mario, a Koopa, and
then that horrible, horrible sprite of the princess.
It always looked to me like the princess had a bucktooth in that sprite.
I don't know if it's just me, but that's always the way I saw it, it looked like she had funky
teeth.
She was like Princess White Trash, I don't know.
But check that out if you're in Japan, or if you're not in Japan, check out eBay because
I'm sure a lot of these are going to show up for collectors that want to get this stuff.
Super Mario Brothers stamps.
Also in Revolution News, Zookeeper is going to be coming out for the revolution.
Why?
This was from an interview in Nintendo Power, I believe, is where this is from.
And the article mentions that the game is also heading to the Xbox 360.
We're assuming the Xbox Arcade?
Yeah, probably.
Okay, first off, Zookeeper's already on the Xbox Live Arcade except it's called Bejeweled
or Jewel Quest.
Or Zuma, isn't it?
No, Zuma's totally different.
It's either Bejeweled or Jewel Quest, the game's already on there.
So it seems kind of pointless why they would take this on Xbox Live, however, this is why
I think this story is relevant, is that they say it's coming to the revolution.
I cannot fathom that they would release this game as a $39, $49 title.
And without some really frickin' incredible bells and whistles, this game is not worth
it.
Like, I'd rather see real animals falling down, not these tiles.
As a DS launch title, it was okay.
But for a revolution title...
It wasn't even a launch title, and it wasn't a very good title.
It's gonna be poopy.
However, what this makes me think, Nintendo Revolution's gonna have a service very similar
to Xbox Live Arcade.
Yeah, of course, everybody's gonna have a service just like that.
Well, I think this kind of just kind of confirms that, and I bet you these old classic titles
are probably fitting into that same scheme.
So not only are you going to be able to download classic titles, but probably these other games
as well, all on the revolution.
I couldn't cite you as a specific source, but I'm pretty sure Iwata-san said something
like that at a game developer's conference.
Oh, probably.
Yeah, he said something about, like, they were going to make titles that were going
to be distributed via the virtual conference.
And I thought I dreamt up this little theory all by myself.
Oh well.
Oh well.
Rain on my parade.
See if I care.
Well anyways, zookeepers coming to both those systems and we do not care here at Orange
Launch Radio.
Loki, I'm so glad we gave you this story tonight.
There's something going on in the Apple world, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Well you know what?
Gaming.
It's not really been a strong thing on the Apple
and now with the Intel chips and the Intel Macs out there.
Basically, Apple, their response to gaming on the Mac
is use Windows.
That's right, because the Mac is useless.
So you have to use Windows.
Anyway, so you can use this program called bootcamp.
They'll let you install Windows XP
without moving your Mac data.
and basically what it'll do is basically a dual boot
in the beginning and you can run Windows XP and it'll run a lot of stuff on there
that's for sure
a lot of games, I can't remember
basically saying
but just a lot of the major games out there right now so
definitely worth checking out if you want to play some games on a Mac
you know what you can already play World of Warcraft on a Mac
which is usually real games but not final fantasy no you can't no
so here here's the thing okay
first off
max do to do something on my i book i have made cds and dvds faster and
prettier than i have on the bc and all that other stuff like how to make a
cd prettier just with all the pretty stuff that apple makes for it to pretty
fire cds like done it
pretty sound I don't know I'm thinking more DVDs okay like pretty menus and
pretty things that I just could not do on the PC
they were just too weird for me you couldn't do
or PC couldn't do look shut up it doesn't matter
my point is my I love my Mac don't get mad at me
get mad at freaking Apple they're the ones saying use Windows so
you know that's that's not stupid that's smart
because now people are gonna go you mean I could do both on one system
that's smart good if you want to get a computer that's pretty
you know then that way you can run Windows and do stuff on Windows
and how is that not the perfect solution it's pretty and
it's pretty and it does everything you need to do you know
that's just like that's just stupid
okay but whatever okay if if you're really confident that Mac OS X or
whatever is great for you know doing your video and
audio or whatever and to be honest it's only better for print media
okay then great use your Mac
OS X for that and then use Windows for everything else
meanwhile I'll use Windows for everything because well it can do
everything that Mac OS X can so
there, you're a jerk
let's move on to another story and this is interesting we always love gaming and
politics stories
uh... there is a conservative political website out there
uh... that was actually defending gaming this week which i thought was very
interesting is national review dot com is the name of the site
and it makes a very interesting bullet points here uh... he kind of
this person who wrote this is adam
fear or
who wrote this story and made some interesting bullet points there
uh... of all the games that were reviewed by the e s r b in two thousand
five
less than thirteen percent were rated mature or adults only
Over 80 percent were either E or T.
Every important social indicator has been improving in recent years, even as
video game use among youths have increased.
Aggregate violent crime by juveniles fell 43 percent between
1995 and 2004.
A quick glance at the back of any game box provides parents with plenty of
information to make decisions for their families. With most new video games
costing between forty and sixty dollars, it's likely
that adults will need to be present when their kids purchase games so kind of
interesting they're coming from a conservative blog
which i don't know kind of is trying to set the stage that makes it look like
liberals are for these gaming restrictions and conservatives are
against them but i don't really believe that because
i live
traditionally vote usually liberal not a hundred percent time usually liberal
and uh... i certainly don't support it i think it's a lack of education on most
politicians and let's not forget to in order for these laws to pass most of the
time in the states and everything it's got to have bipartisan support because
usually you don't pass with just one side of the house but that's just my
wonder how many of these you know actual lawmakers out there are just bored out
of their mind and they just want to go home so they're gonna agree to whatever
you put in front of them no idea but yeah it's kind of it's like another one
of these bills, fine. Just do it. I want to go home and screw a hooker. That's what politicians
do.
Yeah, speaking of M-rated games in which you might be screwing hookers, Loki, there's some
interesting statistics out there this week on M-rated games?
Yes, because Harvard, you know, because they have nothing better to do than, you know,
polls and studies, they found out that an average M-rated game has 104 violent deaths
per hour. Not any of the games I play because there's way more than that, but in your average
game, you know, 104. And basically, you know, the report's conclusion was, parents and physicians
should recognize that the popular M-rated video games contain a wide range of unlabeled
content. No, actually, I think most of the content's labeled on the back there in that
little label that says M, and may expose children and adolescents to messages that may negatively
influence their perceptions attitudes and behaviors
uh... no
i think that it clearly says you know rated m for violence it doesn't say
rated m for
her for violent you know that's permitted me or our whatever
it's stupid only one hundred waste why are they wasting our money on doing
studies like this it means seriously
i could look at a game government that's pretty violent you know what the games
called i'm gonna kill your fucking mother you know i probably know you
probably can guess, hmm, it's pretty violent, you know, instead of, you know, Happy Puppy
Fun Time is not going to have, you know, freaking violent deaths in it. So, seriously, what's
the big deal? Why are they doing studies on this? It's like R-rated movies are bad, okay,
because they have R-rated content. Well, M-rated games are going to have bad content in them
as well, so it makes perfect sense.
Well, my thought is only 104? That's child's play. That's a low score. Haven't you ever
played Smash TV, do you know how many violent deaths occur in the scope of like two minutes
when I'm playing Smash TV? Like you tear through just people among people. Have they seen games
like Dynasty Warriors and 99 Nights and stuff like that? I mean, seriously, you're killing
thousands of people in like minutes. I would like to know what games were sampled. I mean,
I don't know and I don't really care. All I know is like, were you playing a game like,
I don't know like I hate to use this as an example but Driver 3
where like when I play I aim for the people and that's how I play Driver 3
I
purposely try to run over as many people as I can. Shouldn't it be like trying to find a cure for cancer or something other
than doing you know stupid
research like this? I mean what's this actually proof? Wow we knew what we already knew.
Great. Give me my A. You know seriously.
I don't know. That's great. I'm going over to the chat room www.orangelaunchradio.com
click on chat. I think this is very funny.
Dark Tetsuya was responding to all the informations on the back of the box thing from the conservative
blog and he says, yeah, but parents would actually have to check the back of the box.
Oh, that's right.
All the effort to rotate the box, why was I even thinking that, because parents don't
have that kind of energy, let alone to watch kids and monitor what they do.
This is what I think is great.
Can I tell a story about my childhood and my mother from my childhood?
Go ahead.
Okay, here we go.
When I was a kid, my mom would spend like literally an hour at the video store reading
the back of every single box of every movie that's new that week, right?
She's in the store, she's going, do I want to rent this one?
Or do I want to rent the, oh this one sounds violent, I don't know if I want to get that
one.
Or this might be, you know, she'll spend like an hour reading the back of every box.
And then like I'll, you know, take a game that I want to rent, I'll walk up to her and
I'll be like, can I rent this?
And she'll ask me, what's it about?
It's about fun.
Puppies I
Mean, I can I rent Mortal Kombat 2. What's it about?
People playing together
Okay, I mean seriously yet in the same score
I mean, I love my mom to give me in the same
So she would spend like an hour reading the back of all the movie boxes and you know
She'd have to ask me what the game's about
You know, I was thinking like games like Smash TV
How many people you think you get you kill in that game, you know in an average minute?
it. Probably about 104. Probably in a minute. I go more like 300. Are you playing two player
or one player? Yeah, it depends. And somebody in the chat room, Dark Knight mentioned the
sequel Total Carnage, which is probably twice as bad. Exactly, and here's another thing
too. If you're counting violent deaths, say I'm playing a Star Wars game or something
like that and I destroy, you know, like the Death Star or something. How many millions
of people are in the death star I mean that's really gonna throw the
statistic you know out there so I don't know does the AT-ST account for 30
deaths I think that's a good question and it should if it doesn't oh I'm so
glad to know I'm not alone Fireoboma in our chat room says that's the exact same
thing my parents did Skye so I'm not alone in the world good to know moving
to show that there is violence, nudity or whatever else is in the game because it doesn't
go into as much details as you might have thought.
Kimberly Thompson was the study's author and she is concerned that parents might take
this as a sign that the game is just peachy for kids saying that parents should not interpret
the absence of a content descriptor to mean the absence of content.
The study found that 80% of M-rated games included sex, violence, profanity, gambling
or drug and alcohol use, none of which was described on the labels.
This was ran by Reuters. You know, Super Mario Bros. 3 contains gambling as well
because you can yell... It's true.
You know, get your power-ups, you have to match them, and that's like a slot machine.
Would you like to play a game of Lucky Hit? I don't...
I mean, come on, why wasn't that rated M?
Um, you know, here's another thing too. I was wondering, maybe we should
change our ranking system to NP for mature rated games, not PG for kids.
I like that better.
Seriously, what do we need to have?
Like a person's decapitated head, you know, that says,
this may contain violence.
Well, I didn't know.
I couldn't tell that the decapitated head
meant violence.
I didn't know.
Maybe that's what we need to do is
start putting little pictures on the thing.
Like, you know, a little decapitated head may contain
violence.
A pair of titties may contain nudity.
Like, just write fuck on the box, you know,
might contain profanity.
Can you imagine what the cover of Grand Theft Auto would look like?
You know what I'm gonna say.
Seriously though, this is why we have to put on like, you know, spray paint bottles, do not eat.
I mean, just because people out there are that fucking retarded that they can't figure this stuff out.
Seriously, if you're that dumb, you know, that you can't understand what the words mean,
maybe you shouldn't be playing games, maybe you should learn how to read instead.
Fireboma would like to point out that Kingdom Hearts 2 has blood in it, maybe it should
be rated M for Slash.
Dark Knight is suggesting some other family friendly games that parents could buy here.
Mary-Kate and Ashley get a clue, that might be a good one for parents to play, that would
be really good.
And then of course now they're talking about Super Mario Brothers hacks because somebody
said Super Titty Brothers which I guess was really a hack that was out there and now they're
talking about all the other hacks super porno brothers out there lame everybody
and their mother did a Super Mario Brothers hack speaking of hacks we have
a story on our old buddy Jackie poo right Loki yes Jackie poo and his modest
proposal a modest proposal part two basically he I don't know what he has
against joystick and why he's reading so much of this website because they'll
report on him I guess you know but anyways he says hey how about a video
game depicting killing of people who run joystick better I bet they'd be real
interested in doing something about a certain game then maybe they would feel
how cops and women feel about Grand Theft Auto oh but that would require
some actual thought and I forgot you're all gamers so joystick is running them
contest now to design a game and stuff and it's to be honest it's real stupid
and yes joystick I love that response joysticks response is to run a contest
encouraging the deaths of joystick bloggers horrifically and the best one
will win a prize or whatever it is I mean that's great I don't understand
what this guy's problem is I mean seriously why is he going out to gaming
blogs I mean that's like because thousands of people rejoicing I rejoiced
you read joystick, you read joystick, you spike your joystick, that's 3 out of 3 right there, 100% of gamers read joystick
100% of us don't care what he says either
I know
I mean, doesn't he understand that that's
See, did you like how I ran that study? That's what other people do
I said 100% of gamers read joystick, because we all do, so that's 100%
You know, that should be our new tagline, 100% of gamers listen to Orange Lounge Radio
Wouldn't that be great?
You know, I'm sorry, but Jackie Pooh needs to seriously, he needs to do something. He needs to get a hobby.
And cause this whole, you know, holy crusade that he's going on is just ridiculous.
I mean, he's like the freaking Batman of the legal world.
I mean he will not stop until he gets revenge with the people who killed people because
they played Grand Theft Auto or something.
Raven's Dolphin in chat says Orange Lounge Radio is next for Jack.
Look out.
You know what?
Hey, here it is right there on the table.
If Jackie Poo wants to come on this show and have a professional interview, as long as
he's prepared to answer the difficult questions, because we don't BS around, I will treat him
with respect and dignity at least for those few minutes that we're having the
interview he is welcome to come on the program and I'll give him a fair shot to
explain his case to gamers but you know what if he starts making fun of us and
saying gamers are you know they're all losers and have no life I'm gonna bring
it right back okay but I am I'm willing to stick out the olive branch if he will
treat us with respect I will treat him with respect and invite him on this
program for a once-in-a-lifetime chance interview with the esteemed host of
Orange Lawn for you.
It's like, seriously, how old is he?
I mean, he's resorting to name calling.
I mean, God, get out of the elementary school, you know, frame of mind here, you know, conduct
yourself like a lawyer and not like a little kid.
Okay, here's the deal, VX JasonXV says in chat, Sky, what happens if he doesn't show
you the same amount of respect?
Then I will do the complete opposite of what I teach to people every day.
I teach customer service for a living and I tell people, take the high road.
No matter what the customers do to you, you take the high road.
However, in this regard, if he takes the low road, I'm going to be right there with him.
I'm going to get ghetto.
Okay?
Just call me the fucking limbo master because I can go lower than he can.
Exactly.
Anyway, now of course the chat room is trying to start a fight there.
Send him an email.
Tell him I said hugs and kisses.
Hey, we contributed to those flowers.
He's just so stupid.
He's getting way too much attention.
Seriously, he's like a little spoiled brat kid.
What else is the gaming community doing in response to Jack's latest tirades and such?
Well, they are wiping their ass with his name, literally.
That's mature.
Yes, in fact, if you want to buy some Jack Thompson toilet paper, they have it available
on jinx.com.
It's only $5.95 for a roll.
The question is, is it two ply or one ply?
That's a lot for a roll of toilet paper.
I mean, you know how, $5.95 at Target will get you like a 12 pack at least of toilet
paper.
That's not a lot of ass to wipe there with the Jack Thompson toilet paper for $5.95.
But every time you used the bathroom, you'd come out smiling.
That's worth something.
Maybe I already do that.
You know what, in case if that's not enough, they also have RIAA toilet paper too, so.
Oh goody!
get a discount if I order them both I don't know I don't condone buying this
because it looks like singleply and not very comfortable and our chat room is
making all sorts of sophomoric comments I'm not gonna read out loud because and
out first grade humor level but it is really we're not it's really I'm not
supposed to encourage it any further it's really funny though so if you're
not in chat right now while you're missing out all right you know that
talking about our old buddy Jackie poo always puts us in a mood right Loki yes
a mood so we have to get moody here and get a little angsty and give out our F
use of the week
Yes, it's time for the FUs of the week.
Loki, why don't you start us off tonight, since Dark Sakura is absent.
FU to whatever made Jamie sick!
Yes, and fuck you to my old- I know this is typical of laptops, but my freakin', like,
crotch is on fire from this stupid laptop, because this thing is so damn hot, it's just
not even funny
could somebody please wiki quote that my crotch is on fire from this laptop
that would be awesome thank you
they're gonna take me down to my page anyways
your wiki quote thing got queued for deletion didn't it
yeah it's because somebody out there is bitter
it's not me i didn't do it yes i know it wasn't you
save the wiki quote page actually somebody suggested to move it to an orange lounge radio
wiki quote page and i like that idea because i want to get quoted once in a while too
i say some pretty profound things in the show once in a while
don't i?
don't i?
yes okay but um save the wiki quote all right anyway
yeah that typical fuck you the slow drivers because they're out there they're out there
in numbers it seems like every time i'm trying to go someplace you know and get there in a timely
matter there's always someone that has to drive 30 miles an hour while you know sticking their
hand out the window protein it's like a fucking wing or something that they're flying a plane
with their hand i'm like fucking drive instead of playing with your goddamn arm so you know that's
Alright, Spike, do you have any FUs you want to give out, or are you in a good, happy,
huggy, tree-hugging mood?
The only FU that I can really think of is it's really minor.
I'm really bothered by the edits that Square Enix made to Kingdom Hearts 2 for a US release,
and they were talking in the chatroom about it, and you know, it's not really a big deal,
and that's absolutely correct.
But it still seems pointless to me to change guns to not look so realistic in Kingdom Hearts.
Do that because Kingdom Hearts they think is more of a kid's game because of the Disney
element?
I would expect so.
I read on, I think it was Kotaku, but don't quote me on that, that it actually helped
them to get a younger rating by changing the guns to look more cartoony, but it bothers
me that such a little thing could make such a big difference, you know? We can't, like,
stop, you know, 187 from, you know, people killing people, but Kingdom Hearts better
take out that gun, or they're gonna have a higher rating. That's ridiculous! Agreed.
Pointless edits. At least release a more adult version as well, or something. I don't know.
Humor me. Make me able to order it off your website or something if you don't want to
be that many copies but but it isn't a big deal so it's not really an f you
it's more of a screw-off but like buzz off bugger off bugger off all right my
f you goes to Konami this week and I realized that this show you know like if
it weren't for DDR we probably be doing this show but I'm seriously Konami fuck
you this week you know why because you are also in the business of making slot
machines and those slot machines stole $60 for me at the casino the other night
so F you you makers of one-armed bandits that steal my money and don't give me
any back although I could definitely go for a Suikoden slot machine yeah how
about a rumble roses slot machine you know what maybe maybe that's a future
list list we need to do a slot machine we'd like to see Konami make this Konami
do the fortune cookie one that one is hilarious it's the most racist slot
machine I've ever seen the fortune cookie and like you play it and if you
get all the fortune cookies then the guy who runs the you know Chinese restaurant
comes up and goes this is mr. lucky's Chinese I'm like it's the most racist
thing I've ever seen in my life one of them and I'm just like is that Konami
that made that I don't know oh no if you win on my money I have no money to buy
rice it's horrible it's horrible I'm saying I'm not making this up go to a
casino if you're over 18 21 whatever the age is in your state go to a casino and
check out that fortune cookie machine it's it's been like actually play it for
a little bit it's bad anyway moving on Loki there is a sequel being made
finally after many failed attempts all a game that I love exactly pilot wings it
makes sense they're gonna put one on the revolution but that's basically rumored
according to EGM on the latest issue. They had it in their rumors section, so it makes
sense. I would think so, especially with the remote, the rev-mote or whatever and the way
you would be able to use that in the game. It sounds like it would be gimmicky enough
to where they would do that. Besides, they have like how many first party games coming
out, you know, lots of them. So you gotta have a Mario Brothers game, you gotta have
have a Zelda game which you know you sort of have Twilight Princess I guess
that kind of counts you know and you would have maybe a Smash Brothers and
maybe Metroid and pilot wings trying to think what else
Pokemon? Pokemon beatdown! I still have a hard time believing that all these games
are gonna be out at launch unless you mean by at launch like the first six
months that I would believe but 50 games like the week the system comes out hell
know hell no why do you think that if anything the first party games will be
there cuz obviously they've been working on those the longest if Nintendo has 20
first party games out on launch day I will do something crazy give me
something to do I will do it well let me see I can't afford it all I can't
remember is 20 20 games or 20 percent of the 50 game oh that's so yeah that's a
little bit now we're changing our story aren't we a little bit I remember the
number 50 50 games but 20% of them how about $50 for 20 games that will be
available in the first month I think that's more realistic I don't know let
we'll just see it at e3 I guess so I'm seeing if the chat room has any
suggestions on what I could do like as a dare if they do if they release 20 games
at launch let's see rub myself in $340 worth of puddin says DJ poo eater how
about this maybe I won't go for $340 however if Nintendo puts out 20 games on
the launch day has to be on the day otherwise it doesn't count if Nintendo
puts out 20 days I will get a six-pack of those jello puddin things and rub it
all over myself live on air can we yeah should we take photos awesome take video
All right, you can do it you do a video and put it on a lot of our PS PS account
But remember Nintendo has to release 20 games on the launch day and it's not gonna happen
So I can feel comfortable saying that
All right
To which our chat room is having a little bit of a scary scary thought there. What did dark Tetsuya have a better idea?
What is it would you say spike in the chat room Oh dark Tetsuya asks, will you go straight if I would go straight?
You know, I think the person I'm seeing will have a big problem with that if I went straight suddenly over a stupid bet
So I think he'd laugh. I can't promise you 50 jello shots
I'll die
No, we'll do it we'll do a pudding we'll do Rob's put an adventure and put it on our PSP if remember
It's got to be 20 games
19 doesn't work
21 maybe I'll get seven
10 packs that rub them all over me. Well wouldn't 20% of 50 be 10 anyways? I'll even do tapioca.
What? Wouldn't 20% of 50 be 10 anyways? Yeah. So how about 10 games? It would make for compelling
radio. I don't know. See, 10 might be realistic to me. How many did they have on GameCube
at launch? They only had like 4 or 5. On the day the system came out, they only had a few.
No, I'm only gonna do 20 cuz I would talk to Jamie. Maybe she'll do it for 10
But I only end of 64. They only have three. I mean three games. I won't I won't do it for 10. Not that yeah
I didn't know I with the video going on all our PSP dot-com and every that's too embarrassing. I can't take that risk
Okay, but what I know 20 is not gonna happen
Moving on oh
This is great radio tonight Jamie's not here to keep us in line. So we're being naughty. Um
Um, Xbox 360 got a new demo this week.
It's the demo for Tomb Raider Legend.
It hit the store and it was on Tuesday, April 4th is when that demo went to the store.
The marketplace.
I keep saying the store, but the marketplace.
I actually went and I downloaded it and it sucked.
I didn't like it at all.
It's pretty, but not pretty enough.
I thought the frame rate was not where it should be for a next gen system.
I felt the gameplay feels about ten years old like an old Tomb Raider game
and I was bored and I didn't even finish the demo. I thought it was
craptacular.
Didn't like it.
Not gonna buy the game.
And I thought the controls were crap too.
It doesn't feel fluid to me.
Unless
something big changes between this demo and the final release
I am no way interested in Tomb Raider Legends.
I watched someone play the game and I did like some of the details that they
hadn't, like the water effects look pretty cool. I thought the water effects were crap! Did you get to a point where you were like
behind the waterfall and the camera would get behind the waterfall? It looked like crap.
It looked like a bunch of snow, like white snow on the screen. No, I didn't see that. But anyways,
I did like the smoke coming out of the guns, even though it looked kind of blocky,
but still kind of neat, and
the voice acting, I guess, was okay, but I don't like Tomb Raider, period, and so
the last Tomb Raider game I played was Tomb Raider 2, and even that, I missed Tomb
Raider 2 playing this demo. I'm sorry I just really didn't like this game. To be honest
Tomb Raider is like less tomb raiding and more I don't know what. And in this game I
think it's a lot of flashbacks. I mean they've been doing this thing with the last few games.
Let's just flashback to different times. Didn't they like kill her off in one of them? I mean
seriously so all these games have to be flashbacks now because they've killed her off. I don't
Gizm in our chat room says Baa on the Tomb Raider hate I like the demo hate to
each their own I'm sure there's people to disagree with me in fact I know there
are in reading some websites and things there's people that disagree with me I
didn't like it I just didn't get what the big deal is didn't sell me on it
sorry maybe it's just not my kind of game I don't know I'm not I'm not huge on
the platformers anymore like I used to like like crash bandicoot and Spyro and
those type of games but I don't know how huge it but that's not true because like
Mario I still like and those types of things so I don't I don't know what
Tomb Raider's problem is but it just I didn't like it sorry moving on to
another story Loki lots of stuff going on with oblivion this week right lots of
controversy and things yeah lots of stuff is more like it they had this
stupid I don't even know why the hell anyone buy this but they had the stupid
thing that they put on the marketplace. It's a horse armor pack. And I remember talking
about this a while back when they announced this. And it's basically, just like it sounds,
horse armor. But it's not different stats or anything, right? I guess your horse is
armored now, a little bit. Here's the thing. It costs you money, first off, 200 Microsoft
points, which is I think about 3 bucks, and you have to buy the armor in the game. You
don't just get the armor it just makes it available for purchase so oh see you
don't even get the armored on your horse automatically you still have to work for
it in the game yeah that's crappy and to be honest it looks stupid all right so
basically I'm paying two dollars for a graphic file that's probably you know
400 pixels by 400 pixels that's gonna be laid around my horse and they in a
shapely way that's what I'm paying for well I'm paying for a sprite you're not
paying for a sprite you're paying for a polygon model though sorry but still
yeah and see the same difference um I don't know I think it's stupid then
again I know enough people obsessed with oblivion that they're probably excited
about this I wouldn't buy it I'm not buying it and tell you why because one
One, it looks stupid, two, there's no need to have horse armor anyways.
You don't have to ride a horse from town to town because you can automatically travel
from town to town.
Just go, okay, I want to go to this town, boop, load, there, you're at the town.
I mean, you don't have to ride a horse anywhere, it's not required, so who cares?
And besides, I heard there's a part in the game where you can actually get a horse that
is armored or like undead or something and it basically can't be hurt anyways.
so what's the point in getting horse armor? Anyways.
You know what though, for all of this common sense...
And you're not going to show it to any of your friends anyways, because the game's not
on live, so... who cares? For all of this common sense though, there
was, I saw on LiveJournal at least, at least 20 people who had talked about purchasing
this pack as a positive thing, as buying upgrades for so small amounts of money being a good
thing in the direction that gaming is going. Well the next download that they have, when
I'm not too proud of this either. They're having a patch, they're going to fix all the
infinite money glitches, which sucks, and I personally think they should leave those
in there because I like cheating, and they're going to add new quests though, but you still
got to pay for that.
Yeah, here's the deal. If you don't like it, don't buy it, and then they won't try to sell
it anymore. I don't like it because I don't get Halo, well, it's tough, because Halo was
even weirder because the maps were free, but you could buy them three months in advance
for so much amount of money. That was always kind of weird to me too. But a lot of things
on the original Xbox, you would be free. Like additional maps and things on different games
and costumes and things. The only things that I remember paying for would be songs and DDR,
which to me is a little different because you're really adding to the game by getting
brand new songs to play and step charts and everything. Maybe people would disagree with
me and say that's the place.
What they did for this is because cameo they have the new costume things and that's what they charge for their costume
So they took it as an example to charge that for it
Well, that's kind of crappy too
Cameos retarded in the fact that you can download costumes that do nothing other than reskin the character
But you can dress like killer instinct characters
Who
cares
Who cares that doesn't make cameo better including nothing would like or get better. Yes
Well, that's kind of cool, but I still not gonna pay for that
I'm not gonna pay for that
Horse armor
Seriously, I don't know
Why would you need horse armor? Anyways, I have hard enough time killing somebody. That's a human let alone a horse
worse. What else have they modded in Oblivion lately? Other things that they've modded in
Oblivion. Well, like most things that have to do with the PC, they have released the
topless mod. That's right, your Oblivion characters, or female characters, can go wild. And they
They have this patch out there, apparently all they've done is removed the clothing.
This skin was already in there, so I guess you can kind of almost say, oh noes!
It's you know, hot coffee mod type thing, without sex.
But yeah, pretty much there's really nasty, ugly people, because of course any character
you generate with the character generator is ugly, that are naked.
So really nasty, ugly, naked people.
Enjoy
Why is it whenever there's a game that comes out somebody finds out a way to make the lead character naked
I mean always without fail you want to hear something funny. This is a great story. I don't know
This is about Tomb Raider. Okay, and about how it might be delayed
Apparently and this is way here. There is a certain scene in the game where
I'm not sure if it's Laura Croft or if it's one of the other like sub characters that's in there
Um, they're wearing these like evening gowns or whatever and apparently the way the physics
in the game work, certain characters pop out during the game and that would be a bad thing
being that this game is almost gold and the fact that I think it's rated teen if I remember
correctly.
So popping out would not be good.
Uh, Gissom says OMG I need the PC version now.
Fap fap fap.
laser123454321 says girls gone wild in oblivion
fireboma says you can be like that guy who is wanking off to world of warcraft
oblivion I think it's great that they have a PC mod thing so you can actually
mod
PC versions but that's another thing too is then why would I want to buy the
horse armor mod for the PC
if I can just mod it for free
alright moving on we're gonna go to another story here and it's
actually a contest that's right we are giving away some prize packs from 24 the
game we were kind enough to get passed along some prize packs for 24 the game
we're gonna give it away on tonight's program and all you have to do is send
us an email the email is Jack 24 at orange lounge radio.com that's all one
for Jack24 at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
The prize pack includes a copy of the game,
a CTU T-shirt or a You Don't Know Jack T-shirt,
a 24 mouse pad, a 24 coffee mug,
and a 24 key chain all comes with this.
All you have to do, send us an email,
Jack24 at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
And if you've been watching the show 24 this season,
you know that the body count
has been through the roof this season.
It's almost annoying how many people have died,
like tons of people's favorites have died.
All you have to do, do a little research, and hopefully you're a fan of the show and
you already know, tell me any two people that have died this season, any two people that
have died this season on the show, and that will qualify you to win the 24 prize pack,
copy of the game, CTU t-shirt or you don't know Jack t-shirt, 24 mouse pad, 24 coffee
mug, and a 24 keychain.
That's Jack24 at OrangeOnTrader.com.
Any two people that have died in season five of 24.
Random extra number one and random extra number two, that doesn't count.
You have to give me names of like actual characters, okay?
Main characters.
Or even supplemental characters will work,
because main characters is a little vague.
So it's gotta be somebody that has a name.
Let's put it that way.
So random extra, like if you saw the episode
where people were dropping like flies at CTU,
then work, unless you can name me specific people
that were involved in that.
Good luck.
Excellent.
Good luck.
By the way, in segment B, we're gonna give away
an Amped 3 prize pack, so stay tuned.
It's awesome.
It's a great game.
Alright, moving on, let's go to another story.
We have an open letter from Sony Online Entertainment to PC Gamer Magazine.
This was kind of interesting.
Sony Online Entertainment actually wrote to the magazine.
You may remember that PC Gamer Magazine said they were no longer going to accept ads from
Gil sellers and gold sellers and other types of currency sellers.
They were not going to put this in their magazine.
And Sony Online Entertainment wrote this letter and Joystick is actually where I got a copy
of this letter from.
You can check it out over there.
In this letter, they were saying that these companies that sell these and the farmers
that usually accompany their services have been as much of an issue for our company as
they are for your readers, the people who play online games.
Over the last few years, the problems associated with the secondary market have impacted Sony
Online Entertainment greatly, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, gold farmers are evil, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
But this is the part of the letter I think that's interesting.
We have taken substantial steps towards solving these and other problems, as well as balancing
the desires of those who wish to engage in legitimate real money transactions by launching
station exchange in EverQuest 2.
We will continue to develop innovative solutions in the future."
So in other words what they're saying is that selling things for money is bad unless
it's us doing it, right?
It's bad, okay?
As long as we get a cut, it's good.
Does anything strike somebody funny there about that?
Isn't there a weird inconsistency there?
I mean, couldn't they have just left that part out in their little letter, the little
plug for their service for selling things for who?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Just my thought.
Questions on the 24 contest coming from the chat room.
Firebooma asks, does it have to be from this season?
Yes, they have to be from season 5 for the 24th contest, jack24 at ownersonstrator.com.
News story, Loki, IGN, what did they report this week?
Reported stuff that I reported weeks ago, basically saying that Tony Hawk's Downhill
Jam is going to be a Revolution launch title.
I reported this back when we had the activation, or not the activation, the Activision list
from the PlayStation, or Destination PlayStation event.
So blow me IGN, I reported that weeks ago, where were you?
Maybe you're the source, or something, I don't know.
Well, it'd be surprising to me since they didn't mention the source, so yeah, it could
possibly be.
But hey, what do you expect, another launch game, Tony Hawk, cool.
One more story for you guys, this segment of the program and it has to do with, who
doesn't love Bob Ross?
I love Bob Ross, I remember Bob Ross from when I was a kid, I mean who doesn't love
a white man with an afro, come on, unless he's Napoleon Dynamite.
Bob Ross was awesome.
Bob Ross was totally awesome and Bob Ross is actually getting his own video game and
far too late if you ask me.
Many people said, This is an April Fools joke, you people are full of shit. No,
they are not full of shit.
This was not an April Fools joke.
IGN is funny enough where we are getting this story from, they actually contacted these
folks directly at the Bob Ross Foundation, I believe its called, whoever owns the
rights to him now. They contacted him and they said the press release is not a joke,
but the side effect of people thinking it might help us get noticed. But they really
are going to make a game for the DS and the revolution to teach you how to paint your
own happy little trees. I am so excited. I can't draw for shit, but I will pick up these
games. Why don't they release this for the PC too? I mean, using a stylus or something?
tablet things, because I know Jamie bought one of those, and she paid good money for
those tablets, and I don't think enough people own those, but I think it's a good idea, but
yeah, who knows?
My question is, is this the next logical evolution of a Mario Paint type game?
That's a very good question.
I mean, we haven't seen Mario Paint on any system lately, and I'm kind of surprised we
haven't seen it on the DS yet.
Mario Paint seemed like a totally logical idea for the DS especially with the whole dual screen thing
I mean you could be painting on the bottom screen and then like the upper screen can be showing like coordinated music or animation
I mean, let's face it Mario Paint for the Super Nintendo
It kind of sucked
I mean a lot of us have fond memories of it and created the end like the things that were in Nintendo Power
Like I remember Nintendo Power had the little guide and you could create, you know your own little things from it
like the musics and the animations like it would show you how to do it step by
step but in the big scope of things I mean you could only really do like nine
frames of a small animation that's really shitty I mean it's we have fond
memories of it but it's it really wasn't that great okay but now I think a game
like that could be pretty awesome especially with hello Wi-Fi I could beam
things you know across this could be like the evolution of PictoChat and
and maybe a way to commercialize Pictochat and get a little money off it
because think about Mario Paint
could be like something you could chat with people online or I wonder if
they're gonna include Pictochat as part of the revolution
possibly over the internet who knows
but then are we going to get close to a Picto rape that we're talking about
earlier oh you mean like
well no because you know Nintendo would say everybody has to be on the friends
list
they have to be your friends list people that's so like did you know in
Metroid you can't voice chat with people unless they're your friends list people
Oh. Yeah. So that whole, like, ooh, voice chat. I have maybe, like, two people on my
Metroid friends list, and I haven't really played Metroid lately because of all these
other damn games that have come out, so.
It's a wonder if Bob Ross and his happy little trees, they'll probably be M-rated, you know,
and...
Yeah, because of the fact that I might be able to paint a penis or a vagina in this
game, which is likely to be the first thing many of you try to paint if you're given a
like...
Would it be a happy little vagina?
be a very happy little penis or vagina. Does this game have to be rated M because of what
you can do with your imagination? I don't know. Can you imagine some parent suing Bob
Ross Foundation or whatever for this horrible, horrific game? My kid painted a penis! And
on that note, I think we're going to go ahead and go to our break. So stay tuned, we'll
We'll come back at you a little later with Part B of tonight's show.
