Tonight, August 1st, 2010, a big MMO plans a free-to-play model, Valve accidentally
bans 12,000 players, and the creator of Ultima wins $28 million from his former company.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that program dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours here at All Games Radio, where we tape live
every Sunday night, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
Boy, we say a lot in this intro.
The consoling voice over there in the corner, also joining us over the next few hours, Dark
Sakura, Jamie Summers.
We're also into game and meat, because elk is really tasty.
I didn't know you were dining on meat this week.
Every so often I dine on the meat, but I do not necessarily chow on the cow, and I definitely
don't dine on the swine.
Chow on the cow and dine on the swine, alright.
Remember, I got that from Danielle back in the day.
Oh my gosh.
Yep.
Wow.
I don't chow on cow and I don't dine on swine.
She was crazier than Sarah Palin.
Alright.
Um.
Look.
Let me, let me move on to introducing guests, on to happier topics.
Let's talk about Loki is not here tonight.
Loki's not here, because this is the day that we knew was going to be coming for some time.
Loki's going to be out for a few shows, because Loki, Miss Loki, went into labor this morning
at 11 a.m.
That's all we know.
We don't have a lot of updates other than that.
The baby is not here, or at least the arrival has not been announced on Facebook, but if
I were Loki, I would not be running to Facebook to announce the birth first thing.
My guess is that they do have a tiny one right now, who is currently doing a lot of sleeping,
as is mommy.
So during sleep time, we should start seeing the messages, because the, the, the body goes
through quite a lot of hell in childbirth.
So uh.
Yeah.
Being born is hard work.
It's a lot of pushing.
Alright, uh, we're going to, uh, so we do have some guests here, because this all happened
this morning, we weren't really prepared to have another co-host come in.
We are going to have something a little more permanent, um, well, not, not permanent, because
obviously Loki's not being replaced.
God, no, he'll come back, uh, but you know, for about the next month or so, while Loki's
off being a daddy, uh, we'll have a more long-term co-host next week, uh, but for now, we have
some special guests.
I have a co-host, Rob.
What's that?
Where is it?
Ah, how your co-host fails.
Alright.
Next guest is turned for me.
Okay, the batteries are dying on the Dalek, that ought to tell you something.
No, it's not dying.
It needs to exterminate itself.
We do have some guests here in studio tonight.
Let's say hello first to, uh, and I, I've met both of these guests for the first and
second time tonight, so I apologize if I'm mispronouncing you, but you're Mila?
Myla.
Myla.
Myla Minoke.
How are you, Myla Minoke?
I am doing very well, my sir, and I'm glad to be your guest on the show.
We don't, wait, we're not hearing you at all, and I'm trying to figure out why.
Turn my mic.
See, Rob, you were afraid that my mic was going to be crappy.
What is going on?
Is this, is the switch on?
That's always a common mistake.
Yes.
Hello out there in Disneyland.
Much better.
Hello.
Yes.
First, first rule of radio, turn your mic on.
Yeah, turn my mic on.
So, yes.
Let's try this from the top.
Myla.
Hi there.
How are you?
I'm doing fantastic.
Um, I'm actually, I was actually turned onto the show by our wonderful, uh, intern, Dronami,
and I am, I guess I'm the sub-intern, I guess I count, as the sub-intern.
You're the intern's intern.
You're the, you're the intern's gopher.
Yeah, I'm the gopher.
You're the gopher.
Aw, dammit.
Now you, but you have a lot in common gaming-wise with intern Drew, right?
Yes.
What, you're, you, you described yourself to me as like a budget gamer.
That's the type of video games you're into?
Yes.
Um, if it costs less than ten bucks, I've usually either played it, played it or bought
it.
So.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm usually very much on the budget gaming.
So much so that my MMO of choice is RuneScape.
Why?
Cause it's free.
We have news about a free MMO tonight, a new one going free.
So we'll talk about that a little later.
Very much.
But also we had a very interesting, um, meeting you and I did.
Yeah.
Thanks to a particular somebody else in this room.
So let's get to him and then talk about the meeting.
Okay.
So let's introduce somebody else.
So we also have joining us tonight, Gary.
Yes.
Yep.
That's me.
How you doing, Gary?
Um, all right.
Glad to be here.
Yes.
He's a friend of Punk Night.
Yeah.
Everybody is so like, like randomly connected to OLR somehow.
I've got to forget this.
You might know me as Mindstorm or SMF 2045 online.
Okay.
Either one of those.
Right on.
Um.
That'd be smf.
Getting back.
Yeah.
Whatever.
It's an acronym.
I'll explain later.
I know.
But, um, trying to get back into console gaming after hiatus of several years, um, need to
get caught up.
He plays a lot of D&D.
I'm hoping we can talk about something you're into tonight.
Now, yeah, you, you confessed to me before the show that you're just, you're just kind
of here for the atmosphere tonight cause you don't really play a lot of console games or
PC games.
Right?
You play games.
Not entirely true.
Okay.
Okay.
I, well, I got the impression you're more of a games that involve more than six sides
on my dice.
Yes.
I'm a tabletop gamer.
Nothing wrong with that.
But thanks to Dark, Dark Sakura, I picked up SimCity 3 and when I get a, when I get a chance
to play it, I love it.
SimCity?
Sims 3.
Sims 3.
Sims 3.
Yes.
There was a SimCity 3.
I know.
But you mod them.
No, I left off SimCity a long time ago.
I just downloaded boob sliders.
Well, I do.
This isn't the first time I've met Gary.
The first time I met Gary was at Jamie's rock band party.
Oh yes.
Rock band.
The beer potluck.
Oh yes.
That was technically the beer potluck.
I don't remember the beer potluck.
When was that?
Your mic is dying.
I don't know.
Ouch.
My ears.
Jamie.
Okay.
So everyone was, I told everyone to bring beer so we could have a beer potluck and Gary
brought meat which was almost as good.
Yeah, because I don't drink.
No.
But, but, you know, we finally, I still have one Guinness left from that time, Rob.
One Guinness.
And I'm gonna drink the fuck out of that Guinness.
And you'll be able to skip a meal when you do because Guinness is liquid bread.
Oh, yummy.
But, but that's gonna be my celebration for being off Vicodin because my hand is fucked
up even more now.
Aw.
And by the way, thanks for the peach beer.
It was delicious.
Yes.
I couldn't.
You remember I couldn't drink the, the peach Lombek.
Oh yeah.
I gave it to her.
Nice.
It was wonderful.
I loved it.
Yeah.
So, um, so now for the story.
Yay.
Oh, story time?
Yes.
This is how we met.
Ashley.
Uh, Myla.
Yeah.
We, we skip names all the time.
So anyway, um, Gary tells me that on our way to Shule downtown that we're picking up somebody.
So I instantly am pounced, hugged by this person and I'm like, okay, hi, you're fun.
I instantly like you.
And then we, she's talking about playing DDR and I said, Oh yeah, I used to moderate on
DDR freak.
It was dark Sakura.
And she's like from orange lounge, you know, drew a funny small world in it.
So we both called him and left him.
Um, what the fuck voice messages?
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Is tonight on OLR like Jew party?
Is that what this is tonight?
What's the matter?
I don't count.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I thought, Oh, I thought you.
Oh, okay.
Is it the people in this room are only half true.
There's only half Jewish.
Yeah.
I'm Jewish by proxy.
Okay.
All right.
So we have Jew, Jew by proxy, Jew in training and not Jew.
Okay.
And gay.
The short, the short word for not Jew is goi.
Well, welcome, welcome to the world.
Here's your Yiddish lesson.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, welcome to the world of oppressive of oppressed peoples.
Yes.
But, but I love, I love the Jewish people.
I would say I'm a, I'm a, like, I'm not a fag hag, but I'm a, I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew hag.
I don't know.
What would you call it?
Like a, like somebody who likes to hang out.
You're a goi toy.
A goi toy.
There you go.
All right.
Don't mind us.
We're geeks, we're gamers and we're fun.
And, and very silly.
Honestly, guys, this is one of those weeks where I don't know why we're doing a show
tonight.
Like, why not?
I think it's because we need, we need this, Rob, for some reason, guys, like we decided
to do the, the trial Facebook ad campaign this week, which I'll talk about in a minute.
It's not, it's not a big deal, but you know, we're, we're trying to get word out there
more about the show.
And so we probably have some brand new people listening for the first time tonight.
We're sorry.
And I'm thinking to myself, apologies in advance, please go back in the archives and listen
like three 74 was a good show.
I'm glad that you have these numbers memorized because I sure as hell don't.
Hey, how do you know it's not going to be a good show tonight?
No, it'll be fine.
We're all like, and that being really fun, especially when we're completely just thrown
off our patterns.
Yeah.
Random is hilarious.
I think all of us tonight kind of collected, well, I can't speak for the guests, but I
know Jamie and I just kind of don't give a fuck tonight.
At least I don't.
I, you guys have me on the show, so I know you don't give a fuck.
You guys have me on the show, so it's proof you don't give a fuck.
I gave a fuck, but I don't remember who I gave it to.
Probably Dan.
That's dangerous.
But yeah, there was, um, we should probably get into the how was our weekend day and shit
because there was some stuff.
Well, technically it's how was your gaming week is how we start off.
But I know, I know you're dying to talk about why you're off.
I really don't have an excuse.
I'm just, I'm on the rag.
I'm on man rag tonight.
I don't know what you'd call that.
I have some Vagisil if you need it.
I don't need that.
That's for damn sure.
I just need some freshening, Rob.
Do you feel not so fresh?
We could get you a douche.
You know how, you're a douche.
Your face is a douche.
Ow.
You know how.
I'll friend your butt.
I know you, I know you know what I'm talking about.
You know how like, somebody will just tell you good morning and you'll want to be like,
why are you looking at me like that?
Although that makes it sound like it's about my relationship, but it's really, it's not
like my relationship is awesome.
I think Alan is the best thing ever, but I think everything else, everything else.
I want him to be my gay boyfriend.
But you're already, you can't have him, he's mine.
All right.
All right.
Well, anyhow, so, so I'm just, I don't know, I'm just being a bitch tonight.
What's, what's your excuse, DarkSaga?
Well, um, and I'm, I'm going to go into details, kind of details about this, just because it's
something that people, especially gamers with, who are stereotypically lazy gamers who eat
Cheetos and all kinds of crap, need to be freaking aware.
We don't know any of those, as I need chips during the show.
S-T-F-U.
Rob, you're eating something kind of healthy.
Kind of.
I had a banana for breakfast anyway.
My husband, Dan, age 34, went into the hospital Tuesday morning at a quarter after three for
congestive heart failure.
My husband is 34 years old.
This is something that you could die from or suffer massive damage to your other organs.
Eventually he was coughing up blood and feeling really short of breath.
He didn't have any of the pain or numbness, so thankfully his heart was in good shape.
Um, but he's, he went in early Tuesday morning and got to leave Friday afternoon or actually
more like Friday evening and, um, his blood pressure was super high.
Thankfully after numerous ultrasounds and x-rays and what give you rays and tests and
things and prodding, lots of prodding, um, he, um, they determined that all the rest
of him worked just fine and he didn't damage his organs and he could come home, but he's
on blood pressure medication now, quite a bit of it and, um, low sodium diet.
And this is just a word of warning, you know, Dan said that, you know, I'd been harping
on him, you've heard me harp on him, you know, people have been telling him and he just was
not ready to believe it until it finally happened to him.
And I warn everybody out there, and we've got someone in the room who's been through
the same, similar.
Yeah, mine wasn't quite as serious, but President's Day weekend this year actually, um, I was
at a game convention and I felt really sick, uh, to the point where I got stuck in the
lobby of the convention, uh, and paramedics came because I felt faint, didn't feel like
I could get up, um, missed a day at the convention because I was convalescing, managed to drive
back to Sacramento, but then that week, um, when I was going to bed one night, I started
feeling dizzy, my heart was racing and I thought I was going to black out, so I called 911.
They took me to the hospital and they told me that I had, I forget the exact medical
name, but it was basically a viral infection of the lining of my heart, but it gave me
very, very, very similar symptoms to congestive heart failure to the point where they gave
me a pamphlet on congestive heart failure, what to eat, what not to eat, how to take
care of yourself.
So I can relate to Dan's situation and I definitely feel for you, this is scary and thank God
you're getting through it.
Let this be a warning to everybody.
Mike.
I am talking on my mic.
It's, it's...
LA!
Your connection at the base is...
Okay, I'm holding it in.
I'm holding it in.
Yeah, I can hear you.
Okay.
Well, of course you can hear me.
Well, I mean through your mic.
Okay.
Anyway, um, let this be a warning to everybody that, you know, don't think this can't happen
to me.
I really, and, and I know, and again, it's like with Dan's situation, he wasn't ready
to change until he got slapped in the face with it.
Yeah.
I, I really warn everybody not to get to that point.
So, and you know, in my show Solidarity for Dance, since he's got to be restrictive, I'm
going back fully into my 70 to 80% raw food.
Um, I am going to stick with it.
I've bought dance pads so we can play DDR at home.
Nice.
Yeah, this, let this be a lesson.
Get this, get this.
I mean, you know, we used to, we've got tons of dance pads, but I found, um, uh, not Cobalt
Flux.
What are the other ones called?
Ignitions.
Ignition pads.
Three of them for, um, for $6 at the thrift store.
I don't know if they work, but they were in good shape.
I'm going to clean the crap out of them and I'm gonna make Dan play some Boom Boom Dollar
with me.
Yay.
Shoot.
But, um, that sounds awesome.
But that's what my week's been.
So really, um, as far as going into gaming, I ain't played shit except for Ragnarok Online,
which I'm playing again.
And really I played that because it's so freaking, it was so mindless that I could just play
in and not have to think because I wasn't able to sleep.
I went that first day on an hour and a half of sleep and did not go to bed until something
like I took, yeah, a little nap, which is my hour and a half of sleep.
And then I was up until like three in the morning and I was up again at nine the next
day.
And I just, it's been, I slept really funny.
And I've spent, I've never been so freaked out in my life, even though I knew he was
in good hands, you know, and this is the other thing too.
And you know, I know I'm probably going into a bit of personal detail, but I don't care.
I have a microphone and I'm going to use it.
Tonight's the feel good episode of OLR everybody.
Don't make me bust out the booze, Hila.
At any rate, um, the, uh, the way things were going, you know, Dan and I were talking about,
you know, we've been talking about having a kid, me and Dan, I know I've been forthcoming
on this, on the show.
Cause I'm going to totally get Matt to do a nursery.
Oh, mini Sakura.
Yay.
Is this a tangent where I can mention that Matt's nursery was actually on Game Informer,
which I guess is that a big blog or magazine?
I'm going to be honest.
Game Informer is the one that's the GameStop one.
Yes.
Okay.
So he was on that, but it had nothing to do with OLR.
They found his pictures on Flickr.
So just a heads up to everybody and not to get too tangenty from Dark Sakura's important
story, but, um, be careful what you put up on the internet.
I mean, obviously who cares about this?
This is a good thing for Matt cause it's kind of cute that people care, but be careful.
I will shove that iPhone sideways.
Yeah.
Sounds good to me.
Here's the thing, but whatever you put on like Flickr, public Facebook, public Twitter
can be picked up by like anybody.
However, you can, um, you can copyright the photos and then they have to pay you.
But in this case it's good news, but you just, you just gotta be careful what you put up
on the internet.
Just if it hadn't been good news, you know, you want to be, you want to be careful.
Yeah.
Just be careful what you say on your Facebook accounts.
People have gotten fired from jobs because they said something their bosses didn't like.
That's why mine is fully blocked and I don't allow, I really don't allow photo tagging.
You know, if someone's tagged my stuff, I go look it up and I'll look at the stuff I
tagged myself.
Hate that Facebook does not let you approve what you get tagged in.
But nobody can see, nobody can see my stuff.
Okay.
Nobody who's not a friend of yours.
Yeah, exactly.
All right.
And I don't allow friend to friend viewing.
Mm hmm.
Understood.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry Jamie.
Back to your traumatic week.
Yes.
So please share with us.
Anyway.
Well, you know, Dan and I were talking about having a kid and now I totally don't want
to really do it until I'm sure he's going to stick with, with this as much as I would
like when I want to make sure that, you know, and, and we were actually, the ironic thing
is that we were talking about that Tuesday, um, Monday during the day is, you know, how,
and I wasn't so much worried about him dying.
I was worried about him not being able to keep up with a kid, you know, cause Dan's
a big guy and now I'm actually worried about maybe, you know, him dying and I'm, you know,
I'm 30, I'm, I'll say right now, I'm 34 years old, you know, Dan and I are coming up on
our fifth anniversary on September 1st.
We've been together for almost 14 years as of January and you know, I've never thought
for an instant I was ever going to have to be without him.
So it was, you know, and not that I'm saying that I'm one of those, oh, I'll die if you
die, you know, or I can't go without you, I can't do anything by myself.
You know, I'm not that one of those type of, of people.
I would be okay.
I would be incredibly depressed, but I would be okay.
It's just that it's something that no one ever thinks about.
So I also say, you know, uh, people out there, if you have a significant other or someone
in your family that is at risk, you need to sit down and have the talk with them because
when they think it can't happen, it does.
And so, you know, even though we're being one of those game podcasts, yet another one
that doesn't actually seem to talk about games for 30 minutes, this is important because,
you know, if you are, you know, sitting there and you're, you're down in Doritos and maybe
you're a little bit fluffy, you know, chances are me too.
I think it's, you know, when it happens to all of us, I'm, I'm feeling a little fluffy
right now.
In fact, my grandpa, my grandma's got a refrigerator magnet says, I'm not fat, I'm fluffy, fluffy.
It's something that it's something to watch out for.
If you spend lots of time sitting, you know, I used to work in an office and, you know,
play games, didn't get much exercise.
It was a wake up call early this year.
Even if you're not, well, I don't know about that.
I don't know if I go that far, but I still want to borrow your Wii Fit.
Even if you're not fluffy, it just, you know, take time to just kind of evaluate, you know,
am I going outside enough, am I walking, am I maybe eating not so good as I could be?
The straight Cheetos diet is not necessarily good for him.
And this is, this is going to be our big thing is watch the refined carbohydrates, you know,
watch the processed foods.
Seriously, what, even if it says low sodium on the can, no, no, no, no, no, no.
If it's canned, it's got sodium in it.
It's not, yeah.
Almost all the processed soups have tons of sodium on them.
Like Dan's limited to 2000 calories, not calories, 2000 milligrams a day of sodium.
They put me on a low sodium diet too.
I can't eat anything in the canned soup aisle anymore.
It's way too salty.
I'm going to, even though dark soccer is giving you great advice and these are all important
things that you should consider, like I'm going to give you like a diet so easy anybody
can do it.
Like seriously, you don't have to, you don't even have to look at the back of a package.
This is it.
This is the diet.
This is the diet.
This is how it works.
It's called don't eat shit.
Well, yeah, that's a given, but you'd be surprised how hard that is sometimes.
You'd be surprised how much shit you're eating and I'm honest, I eat a lot of shit and I
really need to cut back on that.
I'm not, I don't, that was just mean.
I don't mean actual poop shit.
I mean crappy food, like McDonald's, Burger King, all that fast food crap.
You know, everybody knows you're not stupid people.
You know how to download a podcast on the internet.
You're not dumb.
You know what's good for you and what's not good for you and it's okay to indulge once
in a while.
God, I don't know where I would be in this world without chicken McNuggets, but you don't
order the 20 pack of chicken McNuggets and you don't do it every day for one person.
Get a happy meal.
Yeah.
You know, that's this.
You know, the other bit of advice I have with this, and Dan is thankfully learning this
now is just the eat when you're hungry, stop when you're not, not when you're full, when
you're not hungry.
And you also need to make sure you eat at regular intervals, breakfast, lunch, dinner,
and maybe a small snack in between, but don't eat super late and stuff like that.
I eat it eight times a day.
Yes, that's good if you eat small meals a day.
But I eat about 100 to 200 calories a pop.
There you go.
That's a small meal.
But as long as I stick with my mostly raw food, I don't have to track what I eat.
The one problem is that I don't get enough sodium.
Irony.
You have the opposite problem.
I have the opposite problem, yep.
Interesting.
Because I eat mostly fruits and vegetables and they're raw and processed.
If they're processed, it's because I threw them in my blender.
But I know you eat beef occasionally.
Sometimes.
Occasionally.
Sometimes.
So anyway, um, we're going to get back in the games here, but, um, just, uh, you know,
also I, this is important to say, there's nothing wrong if you are a little fluffy.
Everybody's a little fluffy.
It's in, it's fine.
It's American.
Somebody just...
Love yourself the way you are, but make sure that you pay attention to your health.
Just be fluffy and healthy.
Yeah.
You know, as one last little tangent, I was reading an article, something about, um, six
months ago, I think, that was about, um, comparing skinny people to technically overweight people
and how, um, a good number of people are, that are overweight are technically, um, in
better shape than the skinny people that was talking about actually, um, what they were
calling, um, low weight obesity, meaning that they had a higher range of, uh, fat to muscle
ratio than these other people did.
Never heard of that.
Low weight obesity.
Low weight obesity.
Let's go to our chat room.
You guys chat.orangelaungeradio.com where we like to leave, uh, leave, read comments.
See, I told you I'm out of it tonight.
As we do tape live on Sunday nights at all games radio, uh, Burr first comment tonight
in our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com says, his diet plan is to play so much.
Wow.
You don't have time to eat shit.
Um, that's half true, but you'd be surprised how much shit you eat while you're sitting
there in front of a computer playing games, usually because it's convenient and convenient
food, convenient food is usually shitty food.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to get on the health kick, but it is important.
Obviously bring it up once in a while.
And that when it hits you in the face like that is sort of like the best thing you can
do is share it with other people so that they learn from your issues.
True.
True.
No.
And we do reach a wide audience on this show.
So if we can save one other person from having to go to the hospital, then I was 20.
Your mic again.
Your mic's mad at you.
Okay.
Clearly.
I was, I was mad.
I got over being worried.
I was mad because honestly, who does he have to blame for, for what happened to him, himself?
When my genes get snug, who do I have to blame for that?
Well, it's okay.
Sometimes I have, you know, PMS to blame for that, but usually it's, it's me.
You know, we have to be responsible for ourselves.
Nothing.
Like all those morons out there who are out there suing McDonald's and shit because, oh
I ate your hamburgers and I got overweight, man.
Well, don't eat the damn food, stupid.
End of story.
You know?
So anyway, I'm sorry for going off that.
So how about my games, Rob?
How about your games?
You already mentioned games.
You didn't play a lot.
But Star Trek Online episode two came out, which I got, I, you know, my hand has been
killing me because, oh, on top of all this crap with Dan, my hand's infected.
When I move my finger, it squishes.
Ew.
That's not good.
That's really gross.
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
Anyway, so I couldn't really do much, but I did get to explore my ship.
They've expanded the ships.
I have an engineering deck.
I have captain's quarters.
I have a sick bay and a lounge and a ready room on my bridge.
See, I got to get into this online Star Trek.
This just sounds awesome.
It's beautiful.
But, so I didn't really get to do much except talk to my fleet mates and run around my ship
like a crazy person.
But it was really cool.
In Star Trek Online, do you ever get to eject the warp core breach or the warp core because
of a breach or whatever?
No.
Really?
But my friend told me today that they're going to be doing on-ship missions.
Yay.
So maybe you do have a warp core breach.
I meant eject the warp core.
Of course my mind goes to the drink automatically, but yeah, eject the warp core because of a
breach.
Because that was like every episode of Star Trek.
They had to eject the warp core.
You know, I did find that the warp core breach was a legitimate drink from the show and he
pulled it out in the same bowl and everything.
Cork did.
Good times.
Anyway.
All right.
Is that it for your gaming week?
Oh yeah, Dan's buddy Will started Crackdown 2, so we just kept making fun of the boss.
Going, shut up, dude.
We know.
So anyway.
My gaming week, you know, obviously I play a lot of Warcraft, as a chatter earlier said,
but yourself.
Our little raid group finally cleared the Trial of the Champion on 10man, which yes
I know is like behind where most guilds are at right now, but we just started raiding
like last month.
So shut up.
We're awesome.
So that was fun.
And other than that though, I've been trying to play games other than WoW, but I didn't
have a lot of success this week.
I did play some Game Room.
I played Frostbite on Game Room, which just came out.
That's an old, old, old school Atari 2600 game that I remember from when I was a kid.
We used to stay up and play that for hours.
And it's still kind of cool.
Although I think a lot of you that don't get the classic gaming thing will not get this
either, so I don't expect everybody to run out and download it.
But the cool thing about Game Room, again, you can demo everything for 10 minutes, which
is more than enough time to figure out if you like an old school arcade game or not.
I've also been playing more Puzzle Quest II.
I started the whole dang game over just so I could play as an assassin, because it seems
like it's so much easier to just cut through things left and right, or I should say poison
them to death, overload them with poison, as an assassin.
Before I was playing the paladin-y type of class, it was more of a defender, and it's
just like the matches went on forever.
But as an assassin, I'm just like cutting people left and right.
It's awesome.
And this time, I hope to not miss any side quests like I did the first time.
You know, that reminds me of when you were going around saying, bitch, I cut you.
Yeah, it's kind of like that, but now I'm Puzzle Quest.
New games this week.
I did check out just the demo for Hydro Thunder Hurricane, because I wanted to see, and Jamie's
yelling, it's awesome.
I actually didn't really agree with her.
I was just kind of like, eh, it's okay.
There's something about playing that game in a big old cabinet at the arcade with other
people that was much more fun to me than sitting at home in my chair playing it on my Xbox
controller.
I don't know.
I just wasn't feeling it.
The graphics didn't do it for me either.
It's just something about it.
Like I feel like it wasn't awesome.
But you know, again, I'm only playing a demo.
I'm not trying to review the whole game.
I'm just saying, was I sold on the game based on what I played?
Nah.
So I ended up passing on the full version.
You guys, Jamie's yelling.
She bought the full version, but she is not in a mic right now, so we can't hear her.
We can't hear you.
Let's see.
So what else did I play this week?
Sadly, I didn't play Starcraft 2, although it seems like everybody's been playing that
because I haven't picked it up yet.
It's too much money right now.
It seems to be all of it, most of you guys are talking about Starcraft 2, DC Universe.
DC Universe I'm excited about.
There's that new trailer out for DC Universe that looked pretty hot.
Do I have to interrupt?
What?
Dan got Starcraft 2 and it's gorgeous and the collection edition comes with all the
old versions.
And we did get Hydra Thunder Hurricane, except I can't play it right now.
And he loves it.
But he loved the old one too.
Really?
I don't know.
Maybe I was just in a bad mood.
You'll have to see the new levels.
The level in, I think it's in Turkey.
That's gorgeous.
There was some interesting mechanics with it.
Like I didn't like hate it, but I just was, you know, there's so much other games to play
right now that I wasn't like, ah, I want to drop 15 bucks on this, especially knowing
that the Castlevania game's out next week.
And I know I'm going to want that just based on what games I've liked historically.
The problem I think with the game so far is the way you unlock, is the way that you unlock
the levels because you have to keep playing and keep playing and earn credits and then
you unlock the levels and it's not as cool.
Um, other games I've been playing this week, uh, on the PC, I actually bought a game on
Steam called Rhythm Zone.
Uh, it was a $9 game that is basically Guitar Hero for your computer, but you use the keys
to play.
I believe you can plug in USB devices, but going to be honest, didn't really look into
that.
Uh, I just played it with a keyboard.
The thing about the game is that yes, it has a library of songs that it comes with, but
it also will make a note chart to any MP3 on your drive.
As you can possibly imagine, if you've ever played one of those DDR games that makes up
the steps to the music as it goes along, uh, usually the note patterns that show up kind
of blow and it's just like, let's bang on random keys to my MP3 collection.
That's really a more appropriate title for the game.
Um, the game is just a straight up jack of Guitar Hero, really doesn't add anything new
to the mix except for, ooh, I can bang random keys to my MP3s.
Um, also for some inexplicable reason, the screen likes to slowly rotate to the left
and to the right.
I don't know why, but suddenly like, you know, you're doing, like imagine if you were playing
Guitar Hero and then just suddenly the whole screen started to rotate to the left like
45 degrees.
You'd be like, what in the fuck, what kind of fuckery is this going on right now?
And that's kind of exactly what was going on in Rhythm Zone.
So um, I really didn't like it, I'm sorry to say.
So I would say keep your $9 and just play more Alien Swarm, honestly.
Um, as much as I love Misa music games, and I guess the one nice thing I could say about
it is that it does seem like they have saved room to expand the game later on, so as long
as they don't make me pay for any of those expansions, because $9 is already too much
for what I got, that might be redeeming, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
Yes, that's Rhythm Zone on Steam.
Not a fan.
Okay.
Uh, let's see, that otherwise is pretty much it, especially as far as new stuff goes, didn't
really play a whole lot of other new stuff.
So I'm going to turn it over to Myla, have you been playing anything this week, New World?
Not only am I playing, have I been playing something, but I am playing something currently,
RuneScape, it's my new crack, well it's my old crack, I've been a member of this wonderful
game for, wow, since 1998.
We're not hearing you very well, make sure that mic's good, there you go.
Is it up?
Yay, yay, it's up.
Um, I've been playing RuneScape since 1998, I was a member, er, not a member, but a free
player back when the wilderness was PvP, what a concept, um, and then they switched it over
to PvP servers, which just made a lot of us just very unhappy.
Um, but then they released, about a year ago, they released the engineering skill, which
is what I'm working on right now, and it just, it brings a whole new level to the game.
It's, you know, originally RuneScape was, you know, something you played on the weekends
when you're bored and didn't have really anything to do, and, you know, you do one skill and
then you do another skill, and it's just kinda, you know, kinda monotonous kind of stuff and
it's really fun and, but now that the engineering skill's out, it's amazing because you can
use your regular skills that you get naturally through the game as a window into the new
skill, which is great, because, um, you use your magic skill for your magic-based attacks
just like you would in a regular game, but you also use your crafting skill to make new
armor, and you jump into the dungeoneering levels with no equipment.
You build your own equipment, you build your own things, everything that you do in the
dungeoneering is based off your regular stats.
And it's amazing because it really, you know, for those people like me who spent the, you
know, umpteenth million plus hours of, uh, of, you know, doing the skills, it actually
is a benefit because now I can, you know, waltz into a dungeon, beat a whole bunch of
bad guys, level up my armor, and keep going.
The only bad part I find with the skill is that when you, because it's one to four players,
it's one to four player group teams, you know, like a raiding party.
When you're soloing, it's a little more difficult, but you get more of the feel of the skill.
When you're doing the four member parties, especially in the earlier levels, it really
feels like you're just running in a dungeon, wasting everything, and keep going.
You know, you're maybe at the boss for like maybe, you know, fifteen seconds.
That sounds like playing a PSO back in the day.
But you know, as you go down into the levels, you know, the skill increases.
But therein lies the problem.
Whenever you start a dungeoneering level, it takes how many people are going in, and
then from there, it determines which level you start in.
So if you've been soloing for a long time, you'll be at like level fourteen, and you
know, the dungeons will be really harder, but if you don't do a lot of the four mans
or three mans, you'll be stuck at like the first couple of levels, and you'll be going,
where's the challenge?
What's going on?
Everything's easy!
What the hell?
So it's a little different, but it's really fun.
It's really, really fun.
Now RuneScape's been around since ninety-eight?
Yes.
Oh my gosh.
It's been around forever.
Have they done like major makeovers to it since then?
It's one of those things, RuneScape, it's been slowly evolving over the years, you know.
They'll release a patch here, a patch there.
Dungeoneering's really the first full world patch and update that they've done in literally
years.
You know what's funny is that a lot of people are talking Starcraft 2 this week, and what's
funny about Starcraft 2 is that it's an upgrade to a game that is about ten years old, what
Starcraft 1 came out what, ninety-nine?
Yeah.
And there were still people playing that, well there were people still playing it today
probably that haven't got the new one.
But people are still playing Diablo.
Oh yeah, I mean that's just as old too, so I mean, it's kind of funny to think, are you
playing RuneScape right now?
Yeah, I'm playing RuneScape right now and I'm just about to die.
But the good news is if you die in the Dungeoneering skill, they just pop you back to the homeworld.
You know, the only thing that death in Dungeoneering really accomplishes is, yes, you get a sucky
score at the end.
That's about all it does.
Now there's some folks in chat, I see DrewNami's in chat and he's saying RuneScape with kind
of one of those like, you know, whatever faces.
I don't think he's a fan of RuneScape, but it's free, right?
It's free.
That's one of the big puzzles.
Is it better than Yaris?
It's got to be better than Yaris.
Alright.
Rob, my cat's stinky butt is better than Yaris.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom says, Starcraft 2 is a huge graphical upgrade.
It's no longer the pixelated graphics.
Everything is all 3D graphics.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Oh no, all the cinematic areas are in game, are real time.
No, no, and I understand that, but my point was is that, you know, RuneScape, yeah, it's
from 98 and people are still playing it today, which might seem weird, but I was just saying
like, Starcraft was out only one year later than that and hell, people are still playing
that.
I've been playing Ragnarok online since 97.
Oh my, is that game really that old?
Pretty old.
I can double check.
Because I knew it was out in Korea before that and I was playing on the Japanese servers
for a little while.
Interesting.
And then I was playing on the open beta for IRO.
Old games.
Alright, Mila.
Still playing it too.
Anything else you want to give a shout out to in a game you released here?
Well, hey Drew, other than that, nah, not really.
I'm literally in the middle of a dungeon right now and I'm kind of milling through it, so.
Alright, we'll try not to suck up all our bandwidth.
Alright.
I won't.
I know.
I won't.
Gary, now I know you said beforehand you weren't too much of a console or, well no, now you
might be a PC gamer, I'm here.
Well, I used to be console, I grew up with an 8 and 16 bit Nintendo, Final Fantasy, original
Final Fantasy, awesome.
I have a Playstation 2 that hasn't seen much use lately, more as a DVD player than a game
console.
But I get back into it and I picked up a couple of computer games and I always actively look
for interesting looking computer games.
I'm seriously looking at Batman Arkham Asylum.
That game is great.
Okay, another recommendation.
The reviews seem to be glowing all around, so it's probably something I'm going to have
to pick up.
If you like the Batman universe, it's, you know, they've got a lot of the voice actors
from the animated series and, you know, it's good.
Well, I'm watching the DC Universe Online trailer and it looks pretty awesome, at least
what they put together here.
It was very epic.
I did watch that earlier this week.
I'm really jazzed about DC Universe Online, I think it's going to be great.
The graphics look pretty crazy and awesome.
Yeah, I think my favorite part of that whole trailer was the part where Joker's about to
shoot the bazooka and Harley's literally holding him on the side of the building.
Yeah, I saw that.
Probably trying to drag him back.
Good times.
If you want to comment on anything we're talking about tonight, chat.orangeloungeradio.com is
the place to be or on the Game Surge Network, we are in channel Orange Lounge.
We don't use the regular all games chat room.
I don't know why.
It's just we always had a separate room and that way when we have a separate room, we're
in control and have ops and all that stuff.
We're just control freaks.
Alright, um, let's see, so, um, I was going to ask you about tabletop games.
I know we don't talk a lot about tabletop games, but briefly, what types of tabletop
games do you play?
Um, Dungeons and Dragons, 4th edition, okay, okay, stop with the booze, stop with the booze.
It's not bad.
You can do anything, just about anything in 4th edition you can do into previous ones.
I'm clueless when it comes to this stuff because I haven't played D&D in a while.
Why, I played a little bit like two years ago, but that maybe lasted a month.
Why are people so mad about 4th edition?
Because it's a genre shift.
Previous editions of D&D were high fantasy, lots of powerful spells.
You got them fairly early on in your character's career.
4th edition, you aren't flying until you're in the teen levels.
The teleportation is line of sight, very short distances, um, but you know, that's, it's
not bad.
It's, you just gotta give it a try.
The teleporting in previous editions, especially in 3rd, was crazy.
It got to the point where a party would teleport, would scry, teleport, and kill the main boss
and that was your whole campaign in the teen levels, and of course 3.5 D&D tended to break,
the entire system broke around 16th to 18th level, um, because they just hadn't, it was
a design thing.
Yeah, what it kind of reminded me of was the difference between, you know, wow in the early
levels is, you know, kind of alright, you know, you're not, you know, you don't have
a lot of things, but you can still, you know, level up pretty quickly.
You know, with 4th ed, it almost reminds me of the first couple levels of Final Fantasy
11.
Until you get to 10, you're crap.
Yeah.
One of the big misconceptions about 4th edition is it's, it's like a, it's an MMO on tabletop.
No it's not an MMO on tabletop.
Yes, they share terminology with World of Warcraft.
It makes it convenient, but you can still do, this is not a ding on, on computer console
games, but you can still do more because you have a living person who can keep making up
the story.
You're only limited by your imagination.
Yes, exactly.
Whereas, you know.
And a good DM knows what rules to edit.
That's right.
Well yes, and you know, house rules in a, in a home game is the name of the game.
So I mean, you can change the system to a point, if there's something that somebody
wants to do.
You know, it's just, it depends on what you like.
I mean, people who don't like 4th edition go play Pathfinder, that's fine.
No problem there.
I'm glad Taizo was around to put out an alternative for the folks that didn't like the genre shift.
But I enjoy 4th.
I'm hoping that they'll license or put out a computer game based on the 4th edition rules
but I know Wizards of the Coast was having some issues with Atari as their game publisher.
I don't know if those got worked out yet or not.
But I like 4th edition, I also like hero games, superheroes, champions.
I play champions.
Champions is fun but it's a very, very hidden numbers heavy game.
I'm not a math guy so I need a character generator to keep the stuff straight but eh.
You know, I haven't played the champions online MMO, I'm told it's very different in its mechanics
and they just licensed, actually they bought the champions name from hero games and then
licensed it back to them.
It's an interesting arrangement.
Ooh, amazing.
Yep, I talked to Steve Long, one of the hero lead designers at length, well actually not
at length briefly, at the last convention I was at, I think that was Kublai Khan or
Dunder Khan in February and he explained how that worked out, it's kind of interesting.
But yeah, they got 6th edition hero now is the current edition of that and I have yet
to play it but I'm looking forward to doing something different than D&D very soon.
I've been playing Dungeons and Dragons since 3rd edition came out, pretty much uninterrupted
straight.
Wow.
Dedication.
You kind of get tired of it after a little while.
I just, it's the fantasy thing, I'm ready for a genre shift myself.
I want to do a nice steampunk game.
Let me get to some comments from our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrategy.com, without turning
into a tabletop gaming show, although it is important, you know, a lot of computer games
we play today are inspired, like champions online is a perfect example, directly inspired
by the tabletop universe.
Well without D&D you wouldn't have World of Warcraft.
No way.
Or probably even stuff like Final Fantasy.
Nope.
Let's see, comments from our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrategy.com, Shauran says that's not why 4th edition
isn't as good.
It's not as good because there's next to no customization.
That's not true.
Oh boy.
Alright.
How about we save the debate for another time.
Alright, yes.
Monty Boggs says, none of my group wants to spend money on the new books, so we haven't
upgraded.
Shauran clarified though, at least in terms of skills and multi-classing.
That's also...
No fan of the Flames.
I will leave it at this, I still love 2nd edition for a reason.
Take your THAC0 and shove it.
Yes I have.
Hey, I can calculate my THAC0 in my sleep, sir.
THAC0 and low saving throws, high attack rolls, yes.
Camara says, the 4th edition book talked down to me like I was a child.
This is what the dice looks like, this is how you roll it.
Yeah, that's a problem I've always had with Wizards of the Coast.
They don't write very well.
The game books aren't written very flavorfully.
We miss you TSR.
Yeah, well actually, that's one thing I like about White Wolf.
At least the old World of Darkness, the vampire, the werewolf books were written very flavorfully.
You actually could feel the world when you were reading it.
Yeah, and then they switched to New World and there was much sighing and...
We won't talk about New World.
We don't talk about New World.
Gnashing of teeth.
We don't talk about New World of Darkness.
It's a scientist left in the closet.
We just made GFD happy because we're talking about New World of Darkness.
I'm pleasantly surprised at what a warm reception the tabletop chat is getting from our chat
room.
It seems to have a tabletop corner or something in the future, I don't know.
Alright.
I'll do it.
Yeah, TSR is dead.
They died of their own money grubbing but unfortunately it looks like Wizards of the
Coast might be going the same way.
Eh, that's life.
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping here so we can get to the video game news
of the week.
Housekeeping going on here at Orange Lounge Radio.
I mentioned a Facebook ad campaign earlier and just to tell you guys what's going on,
it doesn't really directly affect the show but we decided to try a little something something.
We don't make any money doing OLR.
I want to make that very clear.
We don't have ads during the show.
We don't have any on the site.
Money?
Really?
I know.
We don't make, we haven't for eight years made money doing OLR.
So the only exception would be like donations which we, we don't actively solicit them at
all.
We don't have like a PayPal link or anything but you know, folks in the past have donated
generously to the show and you know, that's kept us definitely going via bandwidth, time,
whatever it is.
Not necessarily just money.
But we decided what the hell, let's take you know, ten bucks.
We can find ten bucks and see what happens if we throw it into a Facebook ad campaign.
And so thanks to any of you new guys we got from that.
I know it, it, you know, it got us a little bit of extra exposure so we're thinking about
doing more stuff like that in the future.
I don't know.
Exposure, exposure, exposure.
We'll see.
So maybe more of that in the future.
I don't know.
But do join our Facebook community if you're not already on there, www.facebook.com slash
Orange Lounge Radio.
We're also on Twitter.
We'll be taking Twitter topics later.
We're also on Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Alright.
So, that's all I have for Housekeeping tonight.
So why don't we get into some actual gaming news?
Yay!
We're going to start off tonight with a story on Starcraft 2.
Starcraft 2 obviously is the big thing in gaming this week, although I personally have
not played it.
You've definitely heard some comments from chatters and Jamie watching Dan play and some
other stuff.
Exactly how big was Starcraft 2?
Well, according to a report at vgcharts.com, Starcraft 2 sold 1.8 million copies on day
one.
That's not counting Korea, just so you know.
That's not counting Korea?
Not counting Korea.
Okay.
So, 1.8 million on the first day.
That's Americas and Europe.
Keep in mind though, I want to say, didn't World of Warcraft sell a little more?
It's for, not original wow, but like Wrath of the Lich King sold what, like 2.8 I think
on day one?
Yeah.
Do you have some other numbers for context of that?
I want to say World of Warcraft Wrath of the Lich King, yeah.
It's here later in the story, 2.8 million units on day one as well, and that's another
Blizzard game.
But here's the difference.
With an MMO, especially one like wow, there's this huge need to be the first person on the
server at level 80, you know what I mean?
So there's a lot of people who want to go out and get it right away.
Starcraft 2 I think is a little different because I don't think everybody needs to jump
on board with that.
You can jump in right away, but you know I was lining up, well I didn't actually, I didn't
line up for Wrath of the Lich King, I just went and got it the next day.
But there's a lot of people I think that are just kind of chilling with Starcraft 2, like
they don't have to get it right now.
Yeah.
They can wait a little bit, or at least for a price drop, but then again, with Blizzard,
good luck.
Yeah.
Good luck on that.
They're still charging 20 bucks for Diablo 2.
Yeah, I never heard anyone stressing over missing a raid in anything but World of Warcraft.
Yeah, as far as the original Starcraft goes, I actually got my copy from a friend who actually
bet me money for whether or not I could beat him at Starcraft.
And I didn't know the game, so he's like, here you borrow my copy.
And then I played Zerg and whipped him good, so that teaches him.
I'm watching the trailer for Starcraft 2, Wings of Liberty, Ghosts of the Past.
Looks intriguing.
Wow, that's an interesting monster.
Hurry for the Zerg.
Hurry for the Zerg.
I don't know how I feel about this whole splitting it up into three games, though, because really,
you know, I don't know.
It's...
Well, even for splitting it up into three games, you know, they still gave some outrageous
additions to some of the other, you know, like the Zerg, like the Protoss, you know,
the exploding Zerglings I absolutely love.
I don't know enough about the Starcraft universe to even profess to say, oh, this is a good
idea or no, but I kind of think, like, okay, kind of going from that wow fanboy perspective
of maybe these are more like expansion packs.
These future releases are kind of like expansion packs in a way, but they're also standal...
Because, like, I could totally just skip this game and buy the Zerg game, right?
Because the next one's the Zerg game.
And then I could just...
Oh, the next one is the Zerg.
I believe the next one's the Zerg game.
And then I could just Zerg all night and all day.
All day.
And still do multiplayer like everyone else, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Very much so.
It's a strange experiment they're trying, and it's getting them a lot of crap.
You know, there's a lot of people really pooping on Starcraft 2 because of the whole lack of
land support, but that's...
I hate to say it.
I think it's more of a vocal minority than anything else.
Yeah.
I don't think it's anything to take.
Yeah.
The...
Some of the, you know, looking at all the additions of what they made from the original
game to the new game, it really makes each of the races a little more versatile.
Because with the original Zergs, you really only had one option.
Zerg Rush.
That was it.
That was the only way to really make a dent into the opposing sides and to really thrive
was just Zerg Rush.
And that was really your only tactic.
With the new additions that they have, like the Explodes, Zerg lingo boom, is...
It makes for a really interesting new way of playing for those people who are just used
to one style for, you know, for, you know, the individuals like the Protoss, like the
Terrans.
Well, stepping away a little bit from the gameplay for a minute here to talk numbers
again, because I think this is very interesting and could be very telling for the future.
Now again, this report on VGcharts.com is estimating that 31% of those units were sold
on Battle.net.
Meaning that about a third was all digital distribution directly through Battle.net.
That could be very...
It's almost a telling sign of where GameStop's gonna be in 10 years.
So do you think DVDs, games on DVD, CD are gonna be obsolete and you just download it
in the future?
How long do you think it's gonna take, because obviously it is gonna happen.
Well, have CDs gone obsolete yet?
No, not yet.
They've had unexpected longevity somehow.
They've been punched and kicked and throttled and had their hair pulled.
Pretty much.
But they're not dead yet.
And I think...
They're not dead yet.
CDs are...
They're not getting better though.
CDs are kind of where, right now, I think you can kind of look to that to see a little
bit about where gaming's going.
Well, here's my parallel.
Newspapers and online.
Yes.
Super circulation is down so far, so fast.
Newsweek is up for sale.
But they're not all dead yet.
No, they're not all dead yet.
And major dailies are hurting, like the Washington Post and the New York Times, but they're not
gone.
So we'll see what form they take.
The iPad might have something to say about what form they take in the future.
We'll see how that goes.
Or the Amazon Kindle.
The Kindle, yes.
And also Sony has another e-reader.
I forgot what it was called.
Sony's e-reader's actually really, really nice.
Okay.
I've never seen it, so I don't know anything about it.
One of my friends in my class has one.
Okay.
Which she reads books under the table during class.
My mom has a Kindle and swears by it.
I have the Kindle app on my iPhone, and I absolutely love it.
And keep in mind, I'm trying to go into publication for my field when I'm out of school.
And thankfully, there's jobs out there for online publication as well as print publications.
Besides just blogging.
If you know how to do them both, you're in a good place.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, definitely.
And I've thankfully been printed before.
Yay.
Ooh.
Right here.
La-di-da.
All right.
I hate to do this, but I have actually breaking news, a special report we have to go to.
Live, late breaking news, you guys.
Very important.
There's just been a post on Facebook.
Joshua Hunter was born at 5.14 PM.
Yay.
So congratulations to Loki.
And there was much rejoicing.
Yay.
Congratulations.
And I actually think I just saw something in the orange lounge from Kitsune.
Yeah, that's how I knew to look.
So yeah.
Because they're able to refresh a little faster.
Okay.
I'm just making sure you're watching.
Oh, it's so cute.
I know, right?
So there you go.
Look at that little one.
Wow.
She couldn't have waited one more hour to have the baby during OLR.
Now it's a Bobby Black Wolf baby.
I'm sorry.
Babies wait for no one.
I'm kidding.
I'm sure Nellie's like, get this child out of me.
There it is.
That's my impression of Nellie in childbirth.
The baby kind of looks like Nellie.
Really?
Yeah.
He does.
I think he's got, though, you see that turn of his mouth?
Yeah.
That's totally Loki.
You can definitely see.
But he's got, I think he's got Nellie's nose.
So there you go.
All right.
Sorry to interrupt the show, but that was definitely worth interrupting a show for.
I wonder if they're going to have a bris for him, and then I feel really sorry.
Final Fantasy VII victory dance.
Wow, that brings back memories.
I know.
I should have found that music.
All right.
Well, any more baby news we get during the show, we'll bring to you, okay?
Yay.
All right.
He's so pretty.
And he's got red hair.
Yeah.
We're just glad that Starcraft didn't lay an egg.
Oh.
Ouch.
Where's my?
Yeah.
Too soon.
All right.
Moving on.
Where's my rimshot?
Wow.
Drew Nami's like, how long before he's eating super bacon?
Too soon, you guys.
Good God.
Be happy for 24 hours.
All right.
I know Act F has a point there.
It's the first, the first OLR baby.
Well, I can, I can, I gave a congratulations to his sperm and Nellie's hard work.
Loki and Nellie were only dating when the show started.
All right.
Seriously.
Who did all the work?
That's not, I'm not saying you're wrong.
I'm not saying you're wrong.
You know, I was, there's actually, there's a comedian I like called Henry Cho, who's
a Korean guy from Tennessee, so he sounds totally Tennessee.
I just want to remind the new listeners, last week we talked about games, the week before
we had a lot of game content.
Now there's a baby.
Normally we talk about games, we swear.
But, but I like it how he came home and the house was a mess, he asked his wife, he's
like, man, the house is a mess.
What'd you do?
Well, let's see, today I made a lung.
When you make body parts, let me know.
So.
All right.
Can I talk Starcraft 2?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Go ahead.
All right.
Starcraft 2.
One thing that is supposedly, I guess, coming to Starcraft 2 in the future, I guess it was
supposed to be there when it launched, but it didn't make it, is chat rooms.
That's right.
You were supposed to have chat rooms in Starcraft 2.
It's not there yet, but it's going to be added in a later patch, and that is per a forum
post from one of the community managers over at Blizzard.
The chat room is going to be, quote, based around groups where you will be able to join
public channels that are based around your interests.
Sounds like it's going to be like AOL.
Yay.
No.
I'm kidding.
Is that a good thing?
I don't think so.
There will be private chat rooms as well if you are so inclined, or you could always use
real ID if you don't mind your last name being plastered all over the internet.
Yay.
There you go.
Which is why I use an alias.
There you go.
I tried, but Blizzard just took it right off my credit card and was like, oh hey, this
must be your name.
Aw.
All right.
Man, I know.
Anyhow, that's in the future for Starcraft 2.
DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Baby.
I knew this was going to happen.
He's obsessed.
Thank you, everybody.
We'll see you next week.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no.
The little bombs started ticking really hardcore.
Anyway.
Aw.
Did you feel a Twitter in your, or Twitter.
Did you feel a Twitter in your uterus?
Well, I was actually thinking of Kathy Griffin, so was it a Twitter in the twat?
Oh, too soon.
Ouch.
Where is that rim shot?
Rob's got the sad trombone.
No, no, no.
I got it right here.
I just did.
Uh.
Anyway.
Keep going?
Anyway, remember we were talking a while back about the R4 being banned, being that that's
the little memory card reader thing for the Nintendo DS so that you could play ROMs, or
copies of games, or bootleg games.
Um.
Bootleg?
So, there has, well, I've got a Ninja Pass, so I don't want to talk, but anyway, I really
got it for all my imports.
It's not mine, officer.
I swear.
But anyway, anyway, they actually, there's been released, they were banned in the UK,
and now there's a bit more information that's put out about it.
They basically said that it was actually related to a number of different devices that were
sold by Playables, which is the company that they banned was Playables Limited.
There are, the devices are defined, and this is a quote, enabled Nintendo DS users to play
unlawful copies of Nintendo DS games with which they have downloaded using the internet.
Ooh, naughty, naughty.
That's what Nintendo means about game copiers.
But the things that really make it illegal, and this is actually on the list are the R4
DS, M3 DS, DS1 Supercard, DSTT, DS Linker, Ace Card, Cyclo DS, Evolution, N5, and EZ
devices.
You didn't mention the Ninja Pass.
So all the fun stuff.
They didn't mention the Ninja Pass, so I'm cool.
Yeah, they always make the good stuff illegal.
But all of these are ones that use the micro SD flash card.
And the argument though, well basically, Nintendo's claim was that it was in violation of the
Copyright Designs and Patents Act of 1998 in the UK.
And the argument that Playables put up was basically that it was to play homebrew games.
Basically the whole big thing is that the device circumvents Nintendo's machine.
Any of the programming built into it that's there on purpose.
And so basically, all of these things, the different encryptions, different things that
Nintendo built into the hardware to protect from being able to use bootlegs and whatnot.
The device is supposed to counteract them.
So that's a big thing that Nintendo's got a bug up their butt about.
And according to Nintendo, they've seized more than 165,000 game copiers that were intended
for Playables.
And so basically, that was the whole deal about it.
Even though there's a bunch of other cool things you can do with them, the whole big
thing has to do with circumventing their hardware.
I get that and all, but doesn't this seem a little throwing out the baby with the bath
water to you?
No pun intended.
Because this is where...
They're saying that since you can use this device to pirate games, it shouldn't be out
there on the market.
But I can use my computer to pirate games, does that mean my computer should be banned?
I mean, it's more about what you use it for.
And the good thing about the R4 is that it does open it up to homebrew.
Now of course, I can see both sides of it.
There's a lot of people that can sit there and go, okay, you know damn well there's plenty
of people that buy those R4s that aren't using it for homebrew.
They are using it for the malicious purpose.
So it's tough.
It's like, where do you draw the line?
I don't know.
That's a tough call, because with the gaming community, that kind of stuff is really hard
to call.
Because you've got the regular honest gamers who actually buy their stuff, and they don't
get access to this because just a bunch of people decided, oh, we're going to steal games.
So it's not fair to both the legitimate players, as well as the guys who are doing the stuff.
So it's, you know, either way, it's a bad deal.
You see, if Nintendo would open up the DS to homebrew, not that I see them ever doing
that, but if they were to do something like that, you know, this cart wouldn't really
have a lot of leg to stand on, because its only purpose would be for something shady.
But I get it, Nintendo doesn't want to open that up, because then, you know, there's going
to be all sorts of scary homebrew.
Well there would be homebrew to play, you know, Sony PS1 games on your DS, or something
like that, you know what I mean?
Which would just be horrible!
I know, right?
How many people originally bought a PSP to play the NES emulator that was out at the
time?
Well, I didn't buy one, but yeah.
And that's another thing, like, games that strictly come out for the PSP.
Like Dissidia, or Birth by Sleep.
You know, both of those games that just came out for the PSP, you know, if it wasn't for
emulators, most of us wouldn't be able to play those games.
Because we're not going to plunker down $120 just to buy a console for a game for two games
that we're going to play.
It's just ridiculous.
So it's part of the reason why I didn't play Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories, is because
I didn't own a DS.
Yeah, but at the same time, emulators, especially to play current games, are like super duper
illegal and just as bad as what they're banning.
I mean, at least know what, you know, that it is what it is.
Well, at least with the R4 and those devices, they are contingent on you having the system.
Mm-hmm.
True.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Was there more you wanted to say there, Jamie?
I thought I heard you turning it up.
No, it was just quoting other cases in Europe that were, you know, had to do with reel-to-reel
tape copiers, but said that this was far worse because it did actually go right on the edge
of copyright infringement.
All right, well look, if you want something for free, here's something new that's going
to be for free that doesn't involve questionable legality things.
This is a totally legit thing.
EverQuest 2 is soon going to have a free model.
What?
Yeah, EverQuest 2 is getting EverQuest 2 extended.
Now here's the thing though, this is not like when Lords of the Ring, or was it, yeah, Lords
of the Rings opened up, no, D&D opened up to free-to-play.
Maybe Lords of the Ring did too, I can't remember.
Yeah, DDO opened up to win free, but there's, you know, you still have to, certain things
you still have to pay for in the game, but yeah.
And that's something, somewhat what's going to happen here too, but EverQuest 2 is getting
a free-to-play version, so there's going to be, EverQuest 2 will still exist as it does
today, but they're going to launch, kind of next door, EverQuest 2 extended, so it's kind
of like a parallel universe, if you will.
It's going to use a web-based application, there will be free and there will be optional
paid memberships, you can buy equipment in the game, but you still get access to all
the zones that you have right now, there's this whole FAQ up on the website, they do
plan to launch this in mid-August, but it's interesting because they show all these different
types of plans.
You can get a free plan for bronze, what they call the bronze level is free, there's a silver
plan that's a $10 one-time purchase that gets you more character slots, more, let's see,
I'm trying to see what else, you get more spells opened up, you get more bag slots and
so forth, more, you do get limits on your coins, but that goes up at the silver level,
or you can pay $15 a month for the gold level, which gets you, I imagine, pretty much everything
you get with EverQuest 2, or if you want, you can plunk down $200 for a full year.
You've got to be really dedicated for that, but $200 across a year is $18 a month, but
that's like the Uber access where you have unlimited everything.
Interesting tactic.
I don't know if there'll be a lot of platinum and gold players on there, because I think
they would be all in regular EverQuest, but I bet you'd get a lot of bronze and maybe
even some silvers.
And that isn't going to cross over with the regular EverQuest 2, that's going to be its
own separate thing.
That's what they're saying now, but my curiosity is, well then what if one population starts
to really off-balance the other, is there a possibility they might merge them later
on?
I was reading on this thing about if you've already got an existing subscription for EverQuest,
then you basically get a gold account.
Okay, that's what I figured, is that if you're already paying them $15 a month, that's probably
what the regular ones are paying them.
Interesting though, that not only have they launched, and maybe this is the unreported
part of the story, is that not only have they launched a free, but they've also launched
a pay us more version with that platinum tier.
Is it more expensive than the regular games monthly subscription?
I think the regular games monthly is the same as that gold, $15 a month, at least that's
like the average MMO subscription, but $200 a year, I mean that's not as terrible as it
sounds because you have to divide 200 by 12, so it's about what, maybe 18 a month?
So it's not terrible.
You know, how you were saying with the going to free to play, I, when I actually had the
power on my computer to do it, I used to play this game Cartoon Network's Fusion Fall.
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
We're big fans of Robot Unicorn Attack here, so yeah, definitely play those games.
The Cartoon Network Universe MMO, originally when it first came out, you would have the
future levels, which was like about five sections of the world, and you know, a couple of quests
and things like that, and then in order to go to the past, was a whole new world.
It was a totally expanded world, and that was like 15 a month, and now, I think it was
back in April, they went completely free to play, and they're, they literally skyrocketed
their membership because they finally went free to play, because a lot of us who really
enjoyed the game were pissed that it, that most of the game cost you money, because you
know, me being a poor gamer, you know?
I am totally against paying any sort of money for a game.
Okay, within ten dollars.
Well, there's a lot of people listening that are probably in the same boat you are, but
there's a shout out coming here from GioVedea in our chatroom at chat.orangelandraday.com.
Fusion Fall is amazing, VidPower in our chatroom says those old Cartoon Network Toonami Flash
games were great, Dark Tetsuya says an Adult Swim needs an MMO.
Yeah, well, Fusion Fall is close enough to an Adult Swim MMO, because the graphics of
the game really remind me of this wonderful artist called Bleedman, who's on DeviantArt,
and look him up, he's awesome.
It's like making the cartoony, you know, like Dexter, not so cartoony, like he actually
has a body, and hands, and arms, what a concept.
Very cool.
Yay.
DarkSakura, what do you got next for us?
Well, we have some other stuff.
For fans of Force Unleashed, well, Force Unleashed 2 has been in development, except the executive
producer quit.
Oh no.
Hayden Blackman resigned from LucasArts after being with them for thirteen years, and he
just said it was time to go.
He was like, I am not putting Jar Jar Binks in my game, F you.
Well, as a quote, while the decision to leave LucasArts did not happen overnight or come
easily, I really feel that now is the best time for me to move on and explore new creative
challenges, and look forward to the next phase of my career, meaning, god, I hate this place,
I want to quit.
I know, like, totally reading through the lines, there's huge drama that went down that
you're never going to know about.
Yeah.
And LucasArts is saying that his departure is not going to affect the game's development
at all.
Yeah.
No, it won't affect the quality at all.
No.
Well, you never know.
I mean, I know we're sitting here kind of poking fun, but it could get better.
Who knows?
And of course, you know, LucasArts left the dry.
We are extremely grateful for his many contributions, fully support him in his new endeavors, and
wish him all the best in the future.
Because we're a company in California, and you're not allowed to say really anything
bad about your previous employees, including the reasons why they left.
By the way, I had a friend that worked at LucasArts, and she totally got me in the Skywalker
Ranch.
Whoa.
You've been doing this on the show before.
I'm always trying.
Didn't you have George Lucas walk right by, and you said something about you want to fling
your sandwich at him?
I was in meatloaf-looking distance of George Lucas.
I've heard this story on the show before.
I wanted my money back.
Thank God for your self-restraint.
What a concept.
Anyhow, moving on to non-Star Wars-related news, but certainly another series has a lot
of fans.
Halo.
Of course, Halo Reach is on its way out a little later this year.
What's very interesting, though, is that it was announced this week that Bungie, and this
was in an interview they had with Xbox 360 achievements, the website, talking about the
community director at Bungie, Brian Gerard, is saying that in Halo Reach, they're going
to be doing something a little differently for you folks who like to quit your games
early.
Quote, I think one of the new things people will be excited about, too, is how we're going
to be able to penalize people who are habitually quitting out of games, which isn't exactly
cheating, but it creates a really negative experience for everybody else in the game.
So they're going to penalize rage quitting?
Yes.
Nice.
We actually have new tools now to detect that, and eventually, people who do this habitually
will actually be penalized.
We want to be able to remove them from the population so they can't make everyone else
keep having a bad time.
Now, of course, they don't elaborate on what exactly they're doing, but doesn't that sound
to me like if you rage quit too much, you're going to get banished to Rage Quit Island,
where you will play with nothing but other rage quitters?
And not be allowed to rage quit.
That sounds kind of amazing, actually.
They should make them do Battle Royale.
For real.
But at the same time, okay, they say they're going to be able to tell the difference between
a rage quit and a disconnect.
Well, let me tell you this.
In Final Fantasy XI, my version of rage quit was to go turn off the cable modem.
So how would they know that that was, how did they know that that's me rage quitting
and not a disconnect?
Like, you know, I get, like, backing out of a match and all that, or quitting or whatever,
but how do they know the difference between that and a legitimate drop of the connection?
Well, you know those wonderful ninja mods.
You never know where they are.
Maybe it could be the timing of it, too.
Like if you are habitually always quitting when a certain circumstance is met, then that's
when you get banished to Rage Quit Island or something.
Like if, hmm, you're down and you always seem to lose your connection one minute before
the match is over, you're probably going to get targeted for exile, is my thought.
Well, how do you know when somebody quits because they're, just because they're pissed
and if somebody quits because they have a real emergency happening?
I mean, obviously, that would be kind of rare, you'd hope, but, you know.
Well, now they do use the word habitual, so you would probably have to do it more than
once, for sure.
Okay.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says, maybe someone with high pings lagging out and disconnecting.
Ah, maybe kind of seeing, like, oh, the pings suddenly get slower and slower.
That's a legitimate disconnect where somebody who just had a really good connection and
suddenly, oop, it's gone, maybe a little less.
I'd be very curious to see how this all plays out, how they're going to treat that.
But I love the idea of making all the rage quitters play together on their own little
island where they can all rage quit and, you know, go after themselves.
It's like trapping a bunch of trolls on a single island.
Exactly.
They kill each other.
Wow.
That's amazing.
I love the idea of Xbox Live being like the continent of awesome people and then trolls
banished to their own island.
Sounds great to me.
I wish you could do that on every single island.
If they're trolls, they need to be banished to their own bridge.
To go live under?
As long as the bridge doesn't connect to anything, sure, I'm all for that.
All right.
We're going to move on to Dark Sakura with some gaming news, then we're going to get
into release dates in just a little bit here.
Of course, the moment Rob says that, I dropped chips on the floor.
I'm sorry, Dark Sakura.
Well, you didn't make me drop the chips.
That's right.
You're just clumsy.
My hand is broken.
Knock it off.
She has an excuse.
Use your good hand.
God gave you two.
I need to go take some more Vicodin.
Aw.
Okay, Valve made a whoops.
They banned 12,000 legitimate Modern Warfare 2 players.
Basically the software that's in Steamworks to get the cheaters went on an extermination
rampage and banned 12,000 players over the last two weeks.
Basically what happened is that, and this is a quote from the email that was sent out
by Gabe Newell, who's the Valve president, the problem was that Steam would fail a signature
check between the disk version of a DLL and a latent memory version.
So basically they said, you know, our bad, sorry.
Whoops.
I like that he's angst.
I apologize for any frustration or angst at me that's caused you.
Haven't I ever seen angst in a professional shooter?
Can you all turn your caps lock off now?
I know, right?
So he's also promised a giftable copy of Left 4 Dead 2 to all of those affected, as well
as a copy for themselves.
So if I get accidentally banned from a Steam game, I'm going to get two free copies of
a game.
One is giftable.
Right.
That's basically two free copies, right?
One for you and one for someone you really like.
Yeah.
So hey, any of you that's been affected by this, gimme.
Right?
That's kind of where I'm at too, I'm like, you know, I have Left 4 Dead 1, but not 2.
Well, I think why they're giving Left 4 Dead 2 out is because, you know, when you get banned
from a game like Modern Warfare 2, you know, the only compensation you can get is to go
around kiddling a bunch of zombies is compensation, you know?
It's a fair trade.
Well also, playing a big hairy biker.
Exactly.
Besides the also obvious part that it's also their game, you know, it is Val's game.
It's kind of one that they can give away.
It actually is kind of impressive that they instead didn't go, oh, well, whoops, we'll
give you a copy of what's what's what's cheaper Left 4 Dead 1, you know, or something magical
unicorn fart.
Yeah, exactly.
Magical.
Well, I don't think that was a valve game.
So you can have a free copy of Alien Swarm.
Yeah, Alien Swarm.
Oh, wait, everybody's getting that free.
So have we talked already about the wonderfulness that is Portal 2?
Uh, on this show we have, but did you watch all the, um, while I'm firing up release dates?
Tech demonstrations?
Wow!
I know, right?
I love the slippery thing.
The what?
The slippery goo?
Yes, the goo.
I love the goo.
And the bouncy goo?
I love the bouncy goo.
That was so great.
I was I was very much pleased with with the entire concept of Portal.
Um, you know, the fact that they changed the the, oh, and I died.
Oh, well.
Are you still playing RuneScape?
Yes, I'm still playing RuneScape.
I'm still playing RuneScape.
The zombie just killed me.
You're worse than Loki in Magic Robot Unicorn.
He plays Magic Robot Unicorn.
He denies that he does it too, but he does.
But um, but yeah, I the only, you know, grief I kind of have was the fact that they're using
the, they're theoretically using the same protagonist, but she looks nothing like the
original game.
Did they put a picture of her?
Um, they did, but they didn't.
It's like, um, they had in the picture of her.
Well, I saw the one that was in Game Informer, um, the different, uh,
Well, you know, she's also supposed to be, the actual person is supposed to be showing
up in, um, Half Life 3.
We also might've set off an LOL, Accidental False Alarm in chat.
Uh, Thamster says, wait, is that out now?
No, no, no, no, it's not.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's a 2011.
No, no, no, no, nope.
But there are some sexy demos on YouTube if you want to go check it out.
Uh, let's go to release dates, travel around the world and talk about games that are going
to be coming out.
Yeah.
Portal 2 will not be on the list this week, but maybe some other stuff.
So I'm going to start with the US tonight.
We're going to shake things up a little bit because obviously Loki's not here.
So I'm going to cover US tonight and, uh, pronounce things correctly for once.
I hope.
Uh, Monster Rancher DS is out this week.
It's going to cost you 30 bucks if you want that on the DS.
Sing it.
Family Hits.
That's right.
Cause you know, you want to sing songs from Beauty and the Beast and the Little Mermaid
all from Disney coming out on the DS and I'm sorry, the PlayStation three and the Wii
this week.
You know what's interesting though?
The PS3 one is cheaper.
Oh, because the Wii one comes with the mic.
I get it.
Uh, Gary, I know this, this is going to be the one to get you back into console games.
You ready?
Dora the Explorer.
Dora's big first adventure on the DS.
Oh, whatever.
30 bucks.
Oh no.
I know.
If I wanted to get another console, I'd get a PS3.
No.
Junior classic books and fairy tales, $20 on the Nintendo DS.
This is basically you're paying for 130 bucks that are pretty much in the public domain
or were really cheap to license, but if you want that, hey, have fun with it.
So, uh, uh, quite a barrage of some more wireless controllers and accessories also out this
week.
And, uh, I think we might've hit on most of the games.
Yeah.
I think it's kind of a slow week in game release world.
I'm trying to see if there's anything else this week.
Well, there's nothing in the budget.
They got anything good in the budget Ben?
Uh, well, this new game on the Xbox 360 is only $30.
It's a role playing game.
And for an Xbox 360 game, that's something it's a auger rest war and it's comes out on
the fifth record of auger rest record of auger rest war familiar, like a certain, uh, war.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Could be inspired.
I was going to tell you record of us were started off from a Japanese tabletop game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I knew that.
And if I had a bootleg of the legend of Kristinia, which was supposed to be like the original
sequel and they showed a bunch of guys at the convention playing it, why am I not surprised?
That's all I have for the U S this week.
Well, like I said, the UK is looking pretty bare, nothing until next week.
So I'm going to do Japan.
Yay.
Sorry to take your pronunciation away from you, Rob.
It's really fine.
Put all that anime pronunciation skill to the test.
Well, um, we've got a few things that don't really particularly have a date on it, but
they're for PC and Mac.
We have Arma two operation arrowhead, a battle versus chess city of heroes going rogue elemental
war of magic, cannon Lynch two mafia two.
Um, going to, um, the PSP, I'm going to, um, there's assassin creed, assassin's creed bloodlines
from, uh, Ubi the best.
So it's a basically re-released there's Hayari Kami three, um, which is another re-release
and the Oretachi no sab, uh, the Oretachi no sabage versus, um, which is also coming
out on the Nintendo DS, we have battle spirits, digital starter.
And this is a game that I totally want to play is, um, Chokowai Hanashi DS, which, uh,
it means like super scary stories.
It's all, um, ghost tales is what they are.
Um, and then also we have heart catch pre-care, um, a shadow collection.
So there's also jewel pet, Maho no, oh, hey, I day is Shawnee, a bozo and I'm sorry.
I saw both.
Sorry.
I said that.
Oh, good.
Okay.
Well, you know, I just read too fast.
And then we have Mamegoma Kawaii Gaibai, um, oh no, I'm thinking Oppai, Oppai means boobs.
Um, Tetris party premium also on, um, August 5th.
Wait, there's a game about boobs coming out?
No, it's Ipai and I thought I was thinking Oppai, which is.
Surprises you.
Yeah.
PlayStation two, we have J league winning 11, 2010 club championship and persona three,
uh, FES, which is a PlayStation, the best to re-release persona four, also PlayStation
two, the best.
And then Shin Sangokumusou four empires, which is also a re-release, of course, Madden NFL
11 is also on the list, so the persona games were really good.
I really liked them.
Believe it or not.
We have sports fans that listen to the show who want their roster update for the year.
Just like DDR fans with their song, like who in Japan likes American football anyway, on
the way we have Tetris party premium and twinkle queen.
Also, um, arcade shooter, twinkle queen, let me look this up.
I think I met a drag queen like that once.
Ooh.
It looks pretty.
Isn't that a game right up your alley?
No, I'm looking at screen captures of it.
Oh, it's a fighting game.
Oh, it's an all girl fighting game.
Oh, sweet.
Oh, wow.
You have my attention.
Sort of like the OSCO 120% back in the day.
Been there, done that.
How many all chick fighting games have we seen at this point?
Anyway, they are not going to sleep with you when you beat the game, just so you know.
A few, um, um, you know, undated things that I just think is funny is gun blade, New York
and LA machine guns arcade pack, which I would totally get.
Love you.
Sega, um, colds, gym, dance, workout, and I know, right.
And Lucha Libre, triple a heroes, Dell ring.
And um, that was the one they were plugging at, uh, E3 and Disney guilty party.
I know what game that is, but that's just a funny way of phrasing it.
That Disney guilty party.
Who's guilty of stealing the cookies that like clue and it kind of is like a who done
a game.
There were so many characters.
The only thing, uh, it's like an original Disney game.
It's not like Ariel and beauty of the beast and stuff.
The only Disney game that I'm actually looking forward to that they were, um, that they were
plugging in E3 really, really bad was Epic Mickey.
That looks amazing.
Epic Mickey does look Epic, but I got to give a shout out to Tron because I don't stand
for movies very often, but I will be there day one Tron 3D and I'm going to have the
biggest fanboy boner in the galaxy.
Oh yeah.
Gamers unite!
We'll have to just have a party of it, then you know they're going to sell so many tie
in games with that.
It's going to be ridiculous.
If it's a good movie.
I had a light second game on my phone.
Yeah.
Anyway, back to the Japanese list, um, PlayStation 3, Assassin's Creed II special edition and
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11, why?
And then finally for Xbox 360 we have Assassin's Creed II special edition platinum collection.
Magna Carta 2, which I know is pretty big, and it's a platinum collection, and that would
be all.
That's everything.
A lot of those were budget-binned games or re-releases, which I really like.
Yeah, Magna Carta 2 is a re-release.
Yeah, Japan seems to be doing a lot of price reductions this time of year.
Don't know what the occasion is, but hey, I'll take any excuse.
Yeah, so will I.
Yeah, somebody's got some serious rage against Mickey on the chat room.
That would actually be Drunami.
Some folks in our chat room are asking, uh, where is, where was it here, I'm going back
to our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, and I think the whole twinkle queen brought
this up.
Frisbee's asking, where the fuck is the RuPaul's Drag Race game?
I think we talked about that on a previous edition of OLR.
Frisbee is saying, or RuPaul's Mario Kart slash Diddy Kong Racing, I really do want
RuPaul to have a video game of some sort.
Like if Project Runway can have a freaking game, or what, The Bachelor had a game come
out last week or this week or something, I mean, come on.
This bitch needs a game.
Exactly.
Come on.
Exactly.
Who would, I mean, come on chat room, which would you rather play?
The Bachelor or RuPaul's Drag Race?
Even, look, even you guys who have no interest in drag whatsoever, completely secure your
masculinity and your love of women, I think you would play RuPaul's Drag Race versus The
Bachelor.
Absolutely.
And why do you say this?
Because it's awesome.
Because The Bachelor is gayer than RuPaul's Drag Race.
It really is.
I won't argue with that.
You know what?
Okay.
This is my thing.
Is it when I saw, when I see my husband spend hours customizing wrestling characters, like
they're dressed up dolls.
It's Barbie.
Yeah.
It's Barbie for men.
I was like, yeah, men really like to do this too.
Well, wrestling is just soap opera for men.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Men need their stories.
Very bad soap opera.
I loved it.
And speaking of the whole rage quitting thing for Halo, I just rage created RuneScape because
I was sick of dying.
I died twice.
You need to get banished to a rage quit island.
Oh, actually, don't get me started on the fact that, you know, I started the game day
one in RuneScape, you know, had to fend for myself, had to learn how to use all my skills
on my own, then about, you know, two years after I started playing, they introduced New
Byland.
Oi!
New Byland.
They basically show you-
There really is a place called New Byland.
Yeah.
They basically show you how to get to fifth level.
They walk you through it tutorial style on how to crab-
The little hand come out of the monitor.
Exactly.
Come with me.
It's like that stupid Milo thing they were showing at E3 last year.
Like come with me.
Yeah.
They were probably gonna listen to many of those people.
It reminded me of that annoying paperclip guy on Word.
Oh, God.
Let me turn the thing off.
I just caught a pepper in my wound.
Every work computer I ever log into for the first time, I'm always like, okay, first thing's
first.
Launch Word.
Kill that office assistant.
Right click, disable.
Kill the paperclip.
Euthanize the paperclip.
Or the wizard or whatever form it happens to take.
That thing is so bloody annoying.
Do you know how many people I've seen in my professional career that like to have Mr.
Paperclip up all day long, but they don't like, you know how in Word you can actually
change it.
So you can change it.
Clippy.
That's what it's name was.
You have Clippy, but you also have the little kitty.
Yeah.
And I can't tell you how many I've seen that just like to leave the cat up on their desk
all day, like a little virtual Tamagotchi kitty pet running around their desktop.
And I'm like, but hey, look, I'm all about whatever makes you happy, but at the same
time don't complain about your system being slow when you have Miss Kitty running around
chasing yarn.
Yep.
Yep.
Yes.
Clippy must die.
My word for the whole thing is why?
Because not a question.
Because they need their hands held.
Not a question.
Just why.
Hold on.
Dark Tetsuya is making the project journey game for OLR, right?
Can we have a level where like Dark Sakura shoots paperclips?
I think that would be appropriate.
She can euthanize Mr. Paperclip.
That would be great.
Just making that request.
That's not gory enough.
That guy needs to die horribly.
Well, then a paperclip can just attack her hand if she loses.
Rob, the giant paperclip, but when you shoot him, he leads kittens.
I was thinking just Mr. Paperclip could melt into slag slowly and painfully, but okay,
fine.
Okay.
Well, Rob, can I do a story?
Yes, you may.
Okay.
Guess what?
What?
Disney acquired Playdom.
What does that mean?
Well, Playdom does sorority life, Rob.
My favorite Facebook game.
I so quit that really fast.
What?
I played, I seriously played sorority life religiously for like a month and then I got,
don't judge me.
I see you judging him.
You totally were just judging me right there.
Did you see that look?
That was the look of judgment.
He was judging.
Chips.
That's right.
Oh.
I need to grab the chips because this is just entertaining now.
I was playing, look, but do you know why I was playing sorority life?
Because there was a dress up character mode and I was the fiercest diva on the block.
I was.
I got nothing.
I got nothing.
And uh, she would, she would beat bitches down with her purse cause that's just sorority
life.
But here's what started frustrating me about sorority life.
They implemented, and I cannot believe we are giving this any FaceTime on the show,
but I really want to reiterate this week.
I don't give a fuck.
All right.
All right.
So anyway, so sorority life.
Whatever floats your boat, man.
Whatever sinks your battleship.
Yes, that too.
Sorority life.
I, I played it for like a month and uh, I quit finally because I got really irritated
that whenever you log in, for some reason it would instantly put you up to the top of
other people's list of who wants to beat down this bitch.
And so like I would log in and within three seconds I would be out of energy because I
would basically get gang raped by all these blonde bitches the minute I log in.
So sorority life needed to give me at least like two minutes to bank my money or something,
but I didn't do that.
And that's my complaint with sorority life and I've totally wasted two minutes of your
life.
You're never going to get back.
Can I, can I keep going?
Yes.
Well play them also uses, um, social city also has, sorry, social city and market street.
You know, those are their other kind of big ones, but um, but Disney, Disney acquired
them.
It, it now has sorority life, so maybe we'll get, you know, princess sorority life.
Now that would bring me back.
I would play that.
Okay.
Just real quick.
I would like to see Belle give everyone the smack down.
She's the brainy woman.
Tiana being the new girl on the block is not old and aged like Belle, so she will beat
you all down.
There's Jasmine who probably has her whole.
Jasmine will just whine.
She'll just, you know, sic her tiger on people.
I want to have a tiger.
I want to be a princess with a tiger, Rob, not with a frog.
I thought you wanted a princess with a pony.
No tiger or a goat.
Wow.
Yeah, I'm, I'm officially decreeing the, the wah wah sound to SSJ Matt for a Facebook game,
getting FaceTime on the show.
Who would have thunk it?
Yeah.
He gets the wah wah sound.
I see what you did there.
I've, I've, um, I've bitched about how much I hate Farmville.
Oh God.
Don't get me started.
I'm playing hotel city and I actually like it.
You say that like it's supposed to make it better.
Like it's okay.
All right.
Anyhow.
Uh, hey, now how about a real game?
I like this.
This is awesome.
This game is called, there's an old school game, pengo K pengo was, let me see if I can
find some music from pengo cause pink pengo was pretty Epic.
Uh, back in the day it was this game where you would play a penguin and you walked around,
um, a maze and you could push ice blocks freaking hard too, but it's a lot of fun.
I don't, I don't remember what it's inspired by, but let's see.
Here's a, here's some of pengo.
So yeah, then you push these little ice blocks around and smoosh the guys in the stage.
It's a lot of fun.
It's cute.
It looks like pac man with a penguin and there's no dots either.
What are those green things trying to chase you?
The green things are, I guess trying to eat you.
I don't know.
Okay.
We recognize the music too.
Yeah.
That became later on.
I know I've heard it before.
What game was it in?
What other game was in?
DDR.
Oh, raver's choice.
Oh wow.
Well there anyway.
That's not the point.
The point is it's coming out on the PSP.
Yay.
Um, no, wait, no, I take that back.
It's actually, I'm sorry, no, this is something completely different.
I'm sorry.
It looked like a PSP screenshot at first.
It's actually an arcade game.
Uh, it's coming out in, uh, arcades in Japan.
It's going to be an eight player version, eight player, simultaneous penguins running
around the screen.
Yay.
It's not a graphical upgrade at all.
It's still, it's old school.
Hey, it's all about the gameplay.
So there you go.
That's really it.
That's all there is to say.
It's getting a new eight player version.
It's an upgrade there and uh, yeah, I'm, I'm all about checking that out when that comes
out.
That's going to be cute.
Uh, there's, they've really only teased it with one screenshot.
They really haven't said a lot else.
Uh, but apparently more information will come out on club Sega on August 6th.
That'd be pretty cool.
Yay.
Woo.
No, no, no.
That's speaking of classic games.
Speaking of Sega, I need to enlist the aid of the chat room because I used to know the
name of this game and for the life of me, I forgot about it.
Um, it's a Sega Saturn game that was visual, not visual.
It was audio only and you grew seeds with it.
A K the game came with a packet of seeds.
I've only seen it once in my life and I do not remember the name of it.
So if anyone can find the name of the game for me, please do.
So what?
It was like music to grow seeds by you'd have to, you would control the sound output from
it or something.
It was one of those bizarre games.
This guy's noted for super bizarre games.
Anyway, okay, continue Rob.
Okay, we're going to get into the classic game of the week as if that wasn't obscure
enough for you.
Now's the part of the show.
Dark Soccer likes to dig through the gaming vault and find a game that she says, hey,
you little children, babies of the world, including the new one born tonight.
Listen, babies, you should be, uh, schooled on these old games.
When I was your age, I played these games, right?
Dark Sakura.
Right.
You weren't really a baby.
You were probably like 15 when this particular game came out, but Hey, how old were you?
Um, I would have been, um, 20.
Oh wow.
No, no, I take that back.
I would have been 19.
All right.
Well enough talk about what you age you would have been.
Let's talk about what the game is.
What games did you pick for the folks tonight?
Guardian heroes.
Guardian heroes.
Um, if you will play the music, please, that's the character select.
I love Saturn music.
Anyway, yeah, the game came out on the Sega Saturn in 1996.
Actually it was kind of funny because this came out before it did in Japan.
It came out January 25th in America, January 26th in Japan, which I think might've actually
if, if I'm doing my no, cause then I was like, I'm trying to think about, you know, across
time zones if that would've been right, but no, I think Japan's a day ahead of us.
Yeah, it sounds right.
Yeah.
Um, anyway, um, it came out on the Sega Saturn and it was, um, kind of like what Golden Axe
was, um, sort of 2d side scrolling, beat them up, kind of punching things, you know, using
magic and swords and stuff.
Um, there was a sequel that came out in 2004 for the Game Boy Advance that was advanced
guardian heroes, but it's sort of a, an RPG touch to the beat them up, the genre.
As you can, those of us in here can tell on Bob's computer.
Oh, I like it.
I very much like it.
It's kind of got the, the, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles feel, you know, street fighter
2.
No, it's not a fighting game.
It's, it's a beat them up, sort of like how, uh, um, Final Fight and you know, Double Dragon.
Except this one has magic and swords, magic and swords, but there's no blood.
Anyway, um, going forward, um, it had a versus mode for you to pick up to six different characters
and compete with the main characters.
You get unlockable monsters, bosses, and civilians with the time to battle or to death.
You get experience points through each scene and you can customize your characters with,
um, six different attributes.
You have strength, vitality, intelligence, mentality, agility, and luck.
Um, it's actually luck is good for, um, the spell casters.
Anyway, um, there is of course the story mode.
Um, you can actually take different paths along the story.
So you've got different endings, different bosses, different levels.
You can, I mean basically it has a ton of replayability just because you can really
keep going.
In fact, this is one thing, and this is one thing that I know my husband loves about this,
is that, um, there's a path that will lead to gold and silver from Gunstar Heroes.
So that's pretty cool.
And keep in mind, this was put up by Treasure.
So it gets the, oh my God, Treasure Award too.
Um, and, uh, of course the gold and silver, um, as the final boss uses the, the gem power
like you did in Gunstar Heroes.
Um, you really can, um, it has multiple levels in the game.
You usually only have three planes of battle, the four, the mid, and the back.
Um, and you can switch them out in sequence.
Um, and there's also the shoulder buttons will make you move back and forth.
You also have eva- evasive moves, and, um, you also have, uh, um, like if you get surrounded
you can change your planes.
You can move to a foreground or background and whatnot.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, with the games you have Samuel Hahn, um, who is, uh, just a physical powerhouse type
of guy.
You have Randy M. Green, who, um, has some spells, uh, they're elemental magic.
Um, Jinjiro Ibushi, who is, um, more moving attacks.
Uh, Nicole Neal, who has different magic.
And Serena Corsair, who's supposed to be, um, just a knight.
Pretty, pretty well-rounded.
Um, so yeah, it's, it's the big game, it's, uh, a real- and also good luck freaking finding
it.
Now, in Japan it was common as derp.
I mean, super common.
In the U.S., not so much because, um, they really didn't release very many copies over
here and of course we didn't, um, you know, they, they released plenty of, uh, advanced
Guardian Heroes.
But the Saturn one in the U.S., pretty hard to find and it's got really crappy Americanized
artwork on the cover.
Makes me kinda sick, but apart from that, though, I mean, it's a pretty, pretty damn
good game.
Alright.
I'll leave the cover in the chatroom.
There it is, folks, for the Sega Saturn, your classic game of the week, Guardian Heroes.
Kind of a neat little, uh, combination there.
I like it when genres collide.
Well, and, and on top of that, it's treasure.
Is there a treasure game you haven't done at this point as a classic game of the week?
Well, I haven't done, like, Chameleon Twist or, um...
So that you, you guys can guess what'll be done for the...
I have, well, no, I might have to eventually do that.
Have I done, um, Silhouette Mirage?
I think I have done Silhouette Mirage.
You have to check the wiki.
I can't remember.
I have to look.
I mean, over, over 125 classic games of the week at this point.
Crazy.
Alright.
Anyhow, uh, we're gonna go ahead and take a break, but we'll be back.
I have done it.
There is plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio to come.
We're gonna talk about Microsoft Kinect in the next segment.
We're gonna talk about Silent Hill and a new comic book, apparently, coming out.
And yes, believe it or not, more Facebook games.
We have to talk about Zynga tonight.
I know.
I know.
Don't tune out.
I promise you.
Rob.
It's gonna be lol-tastic.
We're gonna be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
Hello, everybody, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are taping live on this August 1st of 2010 here at Orange Lounge Radio headquarters,
live at allgames.com.
And today is actually a very special day in OLR history.
Loki is not here tonight because his baby boy was just born earlier this evening at
five, about five o'clock.
Joshua is the boy's name, in case you were wondering, and you didn't hear earlier in
the show.
So we won't have Loki.
We anticipate he'll be out about a month.
So I mean, I don't know.
Knowing him, he might try to come back next week, but hopefully he'll take some time off
to go be with the baby and his wife during this very awesome time.
So in the meantime, we have guests galore.
So we have a couple joining us in the studio tonight, so welcome back.
I hope you guys are having fun so far.
I'm having a blast.
Mila and Gary are here.
Yay.
I'm having an absolute blast.
Awesome.
This is so much fun.
Now I know why Drew comes.
He comes all the way through.
That's the best part.
We haven't even gotten emails or tweets.
We got Twitters to get to it a little bit.
But wait, there's more.
But wait, there's more.
In fact, you only got about five more minutes to get Twitter topics in.
I have not been able to do any plugs on Twitter tonight because I've been so busy.
So I don't know if we're going to have anything waiting for us there, but I'll look.
We have spam in French.
We get spam in French all the time.
I know.
I was just laughing because I can read it.
They think the show is based out of Quebec or something.
I don't know.
All right, let's get to some rapid, rapid news, some quick news that we like to go over
very quickly before we get to the Twitter topics tonight.
I'll start tonight since we don't have Loki.
We have some news about some Call of Duty, I guess, special edition games.
These are black ops.
There's going to be a prestige edition for 150 bucks and a hardened edition for 80 bucks.
I guess these are some rumors picked up.
It was on buy.com, but the listing was since pulled.
I can tell you this, though, the rumblings around and people that I know and, you know,
I got friends in low places and so forth.
Orange on Trady wants to tell you guys this is true.
These are happening, but I mean, also, that's kind of like telling you like rain will eventually
fall from the sky next month.
Of course, there's going to be limited editions of these huge games.
Shouldn't be a huge surprise.
Activision hasn't officially announced it yet, but they will prestige for 150 bucks,
hardened edition for $80.
Couldn't tell you what's in those.
Although we're hearing possibly like something about maybe a little car.
I don't know.
Take that with what you will.
This is one that Activision will talk about.
It is DJ Tiesto is actually joining DJ Hero 2.
He's actually going to be in the game as a playable character, and he's going to be doing
two new mixes in the game.
I think that's kind of rad.
No news yet as to exactly what he's doing, but there was a little video that was released,
so I'm not sure what this video shows us.
I think it just shows him in game, and it might be like playing one of his mixes here,
but they did release a little clip here from DJ Hero 2.
I'm trying to get a little more of it here in studio, but the first one was really awesome.
Oh, I love DJ Hero 1.
I'm a DJ.
Play for so many people.
I'm very lucky that I have that opportunity.
Nah, I don't want to hear the whole interview.
I was hoping to hear more of his music.
He'll be part of DJ Hero Gamers.
Alright, he'll be in DJ Hero, hooray for him.
Alright, also Kmart.
Wow, this is like three shows in a row we've actually had a Kmart story.
I don't get this.
When did Kmart become relevant?
I don't understand.
This is so weird.
Well, you know they've done the whole rebranding thing, so perhaps.
Well, they're really trying to appeal to the gamers, and this is a pretty big one.
This is a great way to appeal to gamers.
Sell stuff cheap.
The Wii console, down to $179.99 this week.
What is it?
A whole $20 off, but hey, that's 10% of the cost, so hard to complain about that.
By the way, the deal runs out tomorrow, so you better hurry up and get on that.
Aw, damn.
It just came right around the corner from my house.
Both the white and the black Wiis, just so you know.
I have no money, no.
Well, how about some other stuff?
How about it?
Yeah.
This makes me particularly happy.
In the rock band, we have Blondie.
Yay!
Ooh.
There's already a little Blondie in there, but I'm never gonna say no to more Blondie.
And also a group that I like, Family Force 5.
Money?
So, actually, so with this upcoming pack that's gonna be out on August 3rd, we have Rapture
for Blondie, Jesus Freak DC Talk, whatever, The Perfect Crime number 2, The Decemberists,
I Only Want You, Eagles of Death Metal, Saturday Morning Eels, Love Addict Family Force 5,
Sturm and Drang, KMFDM, and Bulletproof LaRue.
Shut up.
What, in rock band?
Mm-hmm.
We're getting Bulletproof?
Yeah.
I love that song.
Even though it's way overplayed on the radio right now.
Yay!
I loved it like nine months ago.
Awesome.
I'm getting DC Talk.
That's funny.
Oh, come on.
Let's give him a break.
ASRB has Fatal Labyrinth, which was a Sega Genesis game.
It's supposed to be set up on, well, it's on the PC downloads, but it's also gonna be
available for Wii, for the Virtual Console, and Mac, PS3, Xbox 360.
It's in the Genesis collection thingy.
Yes it is.
Don't bother.
In the Sonic Ultimate Genesis collection.
I mean, get the Sonic collection.
It's great, but don't bother with a $5 standalone release when you get that collection for $20.
It's great.
Mm-hmm.
And you get, like, tons of stuff right now.
Sometimes it is worth it to pay more.
And that game kind of blows.
I mean, I hate to say it, but it's kind of like somebody decided to port, I don't know
if you guys know Rogue, the old-ass game from, like, years and years ago.
Somebody decided to port Rogue to the Sega Genesis, and that's kind of what you got.
And Rogue is more fun.
Well, um, now also in other news, there is a mandatory update for PS3 firmware 3.41.
So it's gonna add in a You May Like section to the PlayStation Store.
And really, that's about it.
There's nothing else.
But it's mandatory.
That's like how Twitter now shows me people I ought to be following.
I don't give a crap.
Anyway.
I know, I'm like, a lot of these people I'm not following for a reason, just so you know.
All right, let's go to Twitter topics and visit the Tweeter and see who's sending us
messages.
Not a lot, because I forgot to put the call out on Twitter earlier this evening, because
I was kind of, you know, I had a lot going on.
You know, stuff and things and such as.
But we did, that did not stop some tweets from coming in, and we're very excited that
at least a handful of tweets are coming in.
First one from Tiger Claw, because he always will dig up a story that we somehow overlook.
And this is definitely one that I think is interesting, that we did overlook, and it
comes from the International Business Times that he's actually linking us to.
China is actually pushing a real name system for online games, and that starts today, August
1st.
You're gonna have to register using your real name if you want to play an online game.
This is like real ID gone wrong.
Really wrong.
That comes from the Ministry of Culture.
It was announced on June 22nd, and it's part of a nationwide campaign to improve management
of the virtual gaming industry and protect the minor from unwholesome content.
Well, you do realize this is China, right?
Yeah, I know, it's different.
It's obviously a lot different than real ID.
Well, they have some serious issues with people not managing their time well on these MMOs,
right?
So, I don't know.
I mean, but then again, we have some people with issues not managing their time well in
America as well, so it just seems to be a lot worse.
Some of the stories you hear are really, really scary over there.
I don't know what they're talking about, Shifty Eyes, Shifty Eyes.
But anyhow, how would you like it if they stepped in and said, hey, everybody's gonna
have to play online games with their real name.
Do not want.
Do not want.
Good luck with that, China.
All right, next up though, speaking of China, how about Chinatown?
Matt, sj100matt on Twitter actually wanted to link us to this.
He kind of wanted to give a shout out to one of his local arcades.
I've heard of this place, but I've never been, and he was very proud that Kotaku had featured
it this week, because you know, they're one of the big boy gaming blogs, and so they feature
stuff once in a while.
And they are talking about the Chinatown Fair Video Arcade.
It is located on Mott Street in New York City's Chinatown.
Apparently, it is also this environment that LGBT youth can just kind of be themselves.
Oh yeah, I read about that.
Kind of interesting that it's gaming and LGBT colliding, although I thought it was really
cool when I went to that place in Portland.
They had like an LGBT night once a month, which I thought was kind of fun.
All the gay gamers can get together.
You know, I really feel that they need to include the asexual on that list too.
Well there's a big old long string of alphabet soup, but you know, at some point it gets
too big.
You know what I mean?
But anyway, let's see, what else do I want to say?
They wrote this nice little article on it that talked about, you know, that basically
it's a very diverse place and all the customers are very valued.
As they should be, that's just good customer service folks.
So a quote from one of the patrons of the place, we get all sorts.
We got dudes that go to raves, we got anime nerds, otaku, we get professional players.
So it just sounds like this hodgepodge of just go play and have fun.
That's what video games should be about anyway.
It shouldn't even be about LGBT or raevars or otaku or whatever.
Just have fun.
Don't be a dick.
Yeah, exactly.
We got enough clicks in the real world.
Always remember rule one, don't be a dick.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Don't be a dick.
And don't bring your click into the virtual world.
And then lastly, Dark Tetsuya on the tweeters wants us to plug his latest retro review for
Mega Man on the site.
It's actually pretty awesome, so go check that out at orangeslunchradio.com.
Whole little, I don't want to say expose on Mega Man, but it's a nice little retrospective.
The original Mega Man games, I remember those very fondly.
They were awesome.
Oh man, you got to see some of the new ones, because the new ones are, they invoke the
old ones very well.
It's very cool.
Very, very cool.
All right, let's get back into some other news here.
I'm going to start off with a story on Kinect.
Kinect, of course, being the motion control device coming out from Microsoft.
We announced last week that it was going to be $150, although, obviously, speculation
had run rampant on that for a while.
It's coming with Kinect Adventures.
And of course, they got a lot of shit for that.
Well, I guess they came out this week.
It was the marketing manager, Brett Siddons.
He's the marketing manager for Microsoft Kinect.
He was at an event in the UK for Amazon.
He says that the Kinect is, quote, very competitively priced.
Now, since he was in the UK, he was talking about UK pricing.
But you know what?
It's all the same deal at the end of the day.
He's basically saying that the navigation controller is going to be an extra $30 on
top of the $100 bundle.
At least that is the Sony, you know, way of looking at things.
So I think we talked a little bit about price chart last week anyway that showed everything
kind of all in a row there.
And yeah, if you want to get the whole deal for PlayStation Move, it's a little bit more
expensive than Kinect, especially when it's two people.
So anyway, Microsoft is basically trying to say, hey, if you want two people to have fun,
you only need one Kinect, whereas with all these other systems, you need two of everything.
And we kind of knew they'd go this way.
And I think as we talked about last week a little bit, it's kind of like, well, but your
console then offsets the price of a Wii and it's really all about the games at the end
of the day, honestly.
I mean, you can charge plenty for this system as long as you have the games to back it up.
But if Dance Central is going to be your only good game, I don't know if it's worth the
time.
Of all the E3 games that I saw for the Kinect, the one that I really would love to go over
to a friend's house and play because I do not own a 360, God forbid, is the Children
of Eden.
Looks amazing.
It does look great.
It's too bad they didn't have a playable one on the show floor, so we don't know enough
about it.
If you can't imagine it's going to be Rez using your body, that's cool enough for me.
Yeah, that just looks absolutely amazing.
And so.
It'll be great.
All right.
Dr. Sakura, what do you got for us?
Stuff.
Well, this is actually pretty cool.
Silent Hill 8, the guy who's writing it, Tom Waltz, is also working on a comic book crossover
called Silent Hill Past Life.
But in 1867, and it was about an outlaw called Jebediah Foster, who meets a widow that changes
his ways.
And they move to Silent Hill to escape the Wild West.
But of course Silent Hill screws him over.
But it's that the game is going to feature a character from the comic, although the game
is in modern times.
So hey, I hope that they do better trailers out there for Silent Hill 8, and I really
need to sit down and watch it.
They showed a little bit at E3.
It looked all right.
I like that you have to put in your birthday.
Because it's restricted content, young lady.
I know.
All right.
Well, while she's watching that, I have to bring this up.
I apologize in advance, but let's all poke a little fun at Zynga this week.
Because they did something where they're getting a lot of shit for it.
So if you don't like Zynga, you can kind of like jump on the bandwagon with this.
It'll be fun.
Okay, here's the deal.
Zynga has this game on Facebook.
It's called Street Racing.
And they announced, with really no rhyme or reason, that they are shutting the game down
tomorrow, August 2nd.
I don't know what Street Racing is.
I've never played it.
I'm just going to guess it's Farmville with Cars.
Okay?
That's just my guess.
Or maybe it's like Mafia Wars, but with street cars.
Maybe it's like Fast and the Furious.
I don't know.
Regardless, whatever the reason, this game is being shut down tomorrow.
No rhyme or reason why they're doing it.
Now, if you know Zynga, part of the way they make money is that they try to get you to
buy shit in game with, you know, they pop up all these things about, you know, what
you can get for, you know, extra money.
If you give them money, you can get this in game.
And so a lot of people are wondering, well, if I paid money for Street Racing, which,
believe it or not, a lot of people did, what's going to happen?
Well, Zynga came out this week and said, quote, as an acknowledgement of the inconvenience
these changes may have caused, we have offered credits to all players who have made a purchase
in the last 90 days.
All right.
So these players will receive a credit for the exact amounts of their purchases, plus
an additional hundred units of premium currency in any of Zynga's nine most popular games.
So in other words, if you bought stuff, they're not going to refund you.
They're just going to let you have credits for other games.
What if I don't want those other games?
Although we can kind of sit here and kind of point and laugh and haha at Zynga and who
bought that shit anyway, it does kind of lead to this scary precedent.
For example, right now you can buy things in World of Warcraft, right?
And what if in World of Warcraft you buy, I don't know, like a pet?
What's going to happen when World of Warcraft goes away?
You lose that pet, which, you know, duh, you should know that games don't last forever
and so forth.
But it should be something you think about before you get these, you know, untangible
items.
Correct?
So this serves as a little bit of a lesson.
If ever this game decides to shut its doors, it's gone.
You know, there is a members runescape as well as a freerunscape.
Yes, I'm going back on a kick for about two seconds.
But if you run out of membership money and it boots you back into free world, you keep
all your stuff.
You just can't use anything.
So you keep all your members' stuff that you, you know, bought or acquired or whatever,
but it just stays in your bank and pretty much useless until you get more money.
So you don't lose it.
You don't lose it, which, you know, the whole thing that they're shutting it down, you know,
it's for no rhyme or reason, nothing.
They're not saying why Street Racer got shut down.
I'm wondering if it has to do with the fact that street racing is kind of like a, you
know, borderline legality type of thing, and maybe they're getting in shit because they're
promoting something that's, you know, kind of illegal in a way.
I wonder if that's, that's probably what it's about.
Anyhow, let's see.
Where are we at?
Comments in chatroom chat.orangelandtrady.com.
Bonds 006 says, but Neopets, Petpet, they live, I hope.
Neopets is another one of those sites that might go away someday.
Hitstun, if ever Xbox live goes offline, you can't play any of the Xbox live indie games
you bought.
Good point.
I mean, original Xbox was just shut down a couple months ago.
Does that mean in about five years, the Xbox we have now is also going to get shut down
and then all these indie games go wrong?
It's kind of funny because a lot of people were giving crap to on live.
The new service that's out to let you play games like through the streaming service.
Like you're going to buy this game for $50, but it's really only guaranteed to work for
three years.
Then they might pull the plug on, on live.
Whereas if you go to the store and buy a game for $50, you pretty much have it quote unquote
forever.
Just things to think about.
I don't know one way or the other.
It's kind of almost reminds me of the old school Nintendo, how they would, you know,
every time a new console would come out, you can't use the old school games in the new
console.
So it's like you just, you know, plunker down 15 bucks to buy that really awesome version
of Zelda.
That won't go in your Super Nintendo.
Yeah, nothing was backward compatible.
That's why I kind of stuck to the PlayStation series so I can play my old PlayStation games
on the PS2.
I guess they're all backward compatible with the PS3 too.
PS1 is, but you, and this is what doesn't make sense about Sony.
It depends what console you got and how early you bought a PS3 if you can backwards compatible
or can't.
I think she can, but I can't.
I can because I got, we have a first release PS3.
They took out a lot of the extra bells and whistles with later releases.
So if I bought a PS3 now I wouldn't be able to, he probably couldn't do jack shit.
No sir, not unless you got really lucky in finding a used one and a lot of people jack
up the prices of those that are backwards compatible.
Thanks.
You know what's extra funny is that usually Dan and I wait until second releases come
out for when we get stuff because we're usually not initial adopters of consoles and phones
and stuff, but we got this right away and we sort of got a reward because our Discover
card gave us back a hundred bucks.
So would a new PS3 let you play a PS2 game?
Cause I know they still sell PS2 games.
Nope.
However, I think I've got an extra PS2 you could probably borrow.
But you can play, you can play PS1 games.
And imports, right?
Import PS1 games.
Uh, no.
The region locks are still in place for PS1 and PS2, but it's region free for the new
games.
That's right.
PS3 games are region free.
Yeah.
Which is interesting, but you might remember like Loki imported a, uh, uh, racing game
that he thought was awful, but he imported it.
So the, and the exciting thing is if BeatMania 2DX ever comes out on the PlayStation 3, you
know, that was a, I know that was the game that made me buy a Japanese PlayStation 2
so I could play it.
Same here.
That's how obsessed with this music game series I was.
If they do release that on PS3 in the future, which I hope they will, it's going to break
down that, that border essentially.
And if I want to just import it from a Japanese retailer, I'll be able to play it on my PS3.
I won't have to spend another $400 on an extra place to, and yes, I spent like 400 bucks
on a Japanese PS2 just so I could play the stupid game.
Yeah, we, we did ours too.
I know.
Yeah.
A lot of people did.
It wasn't just me.
I still have my old clunker at home.
My wonderful, the original PS2 box.
Props to those PS2s for holding up after all those years, cause I believe we heard a Bobby
on the show right before us talking about his Xbox 360 red ringed.
One of my friends just sent me a text over the weekend, my 360 red ringed frown face.
They don't build them like they used to.
No they don't.
My PS2 is still up and going because I don't use it that much, mostly for DVDs, but yeah,
it still works.
I'm not, I'm not real confident about Sony optical drives.
Just bad experiences, but we'll see how long it lasts.
So far, so good.
Breslull's in our chat and says, I still want to get a JPS2.
Well, the good news is it's really cheap now.
You probably get it for only about a hundred now, maybe 120, 150 for Japanese PlayStation
2.
Yes.
But keep in mind, if you import a console from Japan, it's only going to play the Japanese
games.
So there's gotta be something out there that you can't get here.
Like dating Sims.
All right, let's go to our mailbag.
Let's see if some of the faces have changed in our mailbag.
We're talking about some things never change.
Let's see about the emails.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com if you want to send us an email.
I think we've got quite a few this week, right, Jamie?
Uh, a few more, yeah.
Hello, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican, except in Arizona, act daft.
First of all, very late congrats on your eighth anniversary.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you, sir.
Now that I said that, I want to comment on some stuff you talked about on your last show.
First about the Kinect and the move.
You asked people if they're going to buy either of them.
I'll probably get the Kinect later when it gets cheaper because I don't really, because
I really want to try both Dance Central and Dance Master, and probably other games that
Microsoft may release in the future.
And Kinect does really look awesome.
But the move, first of all, I don't own a PS3 yet.
So before I get the move, I need a really good reason to get a PS3, which right now
is nothing.
Granted, there are a few PS3 exclusive games I do want, but they don't justify a reason
to get the console.
So before Sony tries to sell me a peripheral for any game at all, they should be working
on selling me the console itself, because like Loki said, the move is just going to
be the Wii with pretty graphics.
And I already have a Wii that I barely use.
I consider that their, excuse me, that their biggest problem and why the move may fail.
And the PlayStation Network in Mexico and other Latin American countries sucks.
Seriously, little to no content at all, and they want me to pay for a Plus service too?
Yeah, right.
Wow, this is a long email.
Another thing that you discussed was controllers versus keyboards and mouse.
I really think it comes down to what you're playing and how you're playing.
For first person shooters, sure, keyboard and mouse are way better because of precision
and other stuff, but for platformers or action games, I prefer controllers since it will
give more comfort and allow you to do more stuff like jumping and attacking.
I'm going to put two games as an example, Mirrors Edge and Psychonauts.
Mirrors Edge, while you can play with a keyboard and mouse just fine, there are a lot of button
combinations that are easier to do with a controller, and with Psychonauts, the game was designed
for consoles, so the keyboard controls are just plain awkward.
There are games that are easier with keyboard and mouse like Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead,
not to mention point and click adventures, western RPGs, strategy games, or MMOs.
So I think you just need to learn both ways of controlling games and get the hang of both.
There's no better way of playing games in general, just a more comfortable way to play
certain games, which I agree with, by the way.
So that's all I want to say, thanks for reading, until next time, PS, sorry my lack of articles
on the OLR main page, but no internet at home makes it difficult to do so, PSS, suck at
Arizona and your racist laws.
Deft is kabrown.
Um, well, I think, especially the keyboard mouse part, I think a lot of the debate usually
is around first person shooters, but definitely you bring up a good point about, you know,
it really depends on the type of game you're playing, absolutely, is that keyboard mouse
ain't gonna cut it, I think, as well for a game like Psychonauts, but for me, I don't
know if it's because, I don't even know how to explain it.
Like I used to play Quake just fine with keyboard and mouse, but some of these new games are
just too many buttons, where, I know, I know, but yet when I hold a controller in my hand,
it makes sense.
I can't explain it, I don't expect anyone else to understand it, just the way it is
for me.
I'll tell you what's funny is that when I was playing PSO, I could not, I mean you can
play it with a keyboard, it just was much more comfortable with a controller.
But Final Fantasy XI, everyone was saying, why aren't you playing with a keyboard, why
aren't you using a keyboard, why aren't you using a keyboard, I'm like, because I can
do just fine with my controller.
I wanted one for World of Warcraft, I hate playing World of Warcraft because I hate playing
it on the keyboard.
What about Star Trek Online, isn't that all keyboard?
It is, but for some reason, it's, when you get into space combat, it really helps to
have a mouse.
Interesting.
Because you can rotate your camera with it, as well as do direct targeting.
As well as the difference between, you know, even different versions of the same game,
like the different Wii versus, you know, PlayStation versions.
Like I played the original PlayStation 2 version of Okami, yay!
Fun game.
And then I played the Wii re-release, and surprisingly, I liked the PlayStation 1 better.
Because the Wii remote, I don't know what it was, it just felt more clunky.
You know what I mean?
It felt like it was rushed, it felt like it was, you know, it was, they were just trying
to hurry it out as fast as they could, and they didn't bother with the calibration that
they needed to make it good.
With PlayStation 2, you don't have that problem.
You do not have that problem with Okami.
So.
How about the next email?
We're fond of calling it the Wii-mote.
Instead of Wii remote, we call it the Wii-mote.
Wii-mote?
Wii-mote?
Ok.
I don't know this.
I don't own one.
Good morning, everyone.
This is Jeet.
It's the other Swede.
Writing in once again.
This time I'd like to comment a bit on the discussion that was brought forth last time
concerning the accuracy and comfort when it comes to controllers.
Now I could start a five page rant about why a mouse and keyboard is far superior to any
console controllers, but I won't.
The reason is that I am very biased, and due to that bias, I can't objectively say that
a mouse is better.
It's only a personal preference embedded in me during my childhood thanks to my uncle
who introduced me to PC gaming.
It's simple, whatever controller you like, be it an Xbox 360 controller, PlayStation
Move, or mouse, it's only the best peripheral for you personally, not the whole world and
everyone in it.
Thank you.
To sum it up, the discussion of what control method is the quote best is pointless since
it all comes down to what you are skilled at using or prefer.
P.S. note that I didn't apologize for any spelling errors this time.
That's because I realized it's rude for someone who grew up with English as their primary
language to come into the minor flaws of someone who learned it as a second language.
Let's see you typing a letter to me in Swedish without grammatical errors in it.
I still love you, even you Dark Sakura.
Aww.
Anyway, if I know someone's typing from another country, I don't give them a hard time.
If I know.
If I don't, I'm sorry.
P.S.S.
Thanks for reading my letter and I hope your hand is feeling better.
Thank you, but it's not.
Drew Nami in our chatroom at chat.orangetownstrader.com says, IKEA controller for the Swedish email.
There you go.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
And yeah, apparently it's international email night at Orange Island Radio, but hey, that's
awesome to know that we have listeners all over the globe.
That's so awesome.
Alright.
Next email.
Hey Orange Lounge.
Long time listener.
First time responder.
Oooh.
We got the cliche.
Love it.
As for the move, personally I think it will be the better motion control option.
Yes, the price point is high, but I think it will be the most accurate on the most powerful
system of the three.
I saw some great screen tests demonstrating its abilities and I think it could be a hardcore
alternative to the Wii.
That's the main reason I have avoided the Wii.
It lacks the hardcore devotions.
No five.
Just playing devil's advocate to your email, I kind of get that perspective and that's
why a lot of people have avoided the Wii, but what about games like Brawl and Metroid
Other M and some of these other kind of like, and GoldenEye, some of these are the cool
things that are on the Wii, I mean is that not hardcore enough?
No more heroes?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know, it's kind of like, it feels like there's some cool stuff on the
Wii, I mean granted maybe not as much, and yeah, Wii kind of made some errors when it
comes to not being online, I think that's one of their biggest flaws is that the multiplayer
online is just a joke, you know, compared to what else is out there.
I agree.
But appreciate the perspective.
We have two more emails to go.
No!
Too bad!
Hello, OLR, I have been listening for about three months and I love the show, although
I must admit that I'm not a music game person myself, I'd much rather RPGs but teach their
own.
I'm dropping this to you for three reasons.
First I was wondering what job Loki has that he's able to play Xbox at work.
Would love that job.
Second, he's not using any periods by the way.
Oh, that's why you sound like an auctioneer.
Yes.
Second is I was wondering if there was a way to get the livestream via mobile platform,
i.e. a moto-droid.
Third, is actually two things in the first letting, being that Dark Soccer is a fiend
for grammar, spelling, and punctuation, I thought it might interest her to know that
this site has lasted, has several, lastly I wonder what point during this email she
stops reading this and starts to have convulsions.
As I've written this without punctuation and have made several misspellings and several
grammatical errors on purpose, not that I don't like her or anything, I just thought
that it might get a giggle, good times all and keep up the good work.
I had to figure, I figured by then it was, hey you did, you did use a punctuation mark.
You gotta laugh out of me anytime somebody writes in to give Dark Soccer some shit, I
love it.
No, I'm laughing at this because I realized by that point that it was on purpose.
So this is a punctuation troll.
Wow, we have our first grammar troll on Orange Lounge Radio, that's awesome.
You get a gold star.
You totally get a gold star.
And this is from Kane I Am, I didn't sign it but I'm taking it from the email.
Kane I Am, you get a gold star for being the first grammar troll at Orange Lounge Radio.
And the subject of the subject is Wee Yay Wahoo.
Please, that is not encouraging others to copy what this gentleman has done.
Yeah, because if you do it the first time, you're clever, anyone who does it the second
time is stupid.
Alright, what was the real question here though?
There was something in there I actually wanted to answer that had come up in there.
Oh, Loki's Job.
He works for a game distributor.
So he actually, like he's kind of the middle man between gaming companies and the actual
stores.
Yeah.
Because it's very hard for a gaming company to manage all these stores directly, so they
use distributors to kind of be the middle men.
And that's basically what he does, he works for the distributor.
And then there was something right after that about...
About being able to listen to us on mobile, because he's got a Moto Droid 3rd.
Okay, I...
Sorry, a Moto Droid.
We have, well I know that for iPhone we use apps.
There's an all games app on the iPhone supposedly, but I guess it disappeared this week, so I
don't know what's going on there.
That's a Scott question, not a Rob question, so I don't know.
But I will say this, any program that can use Shoutcast can listen to the all game stream.
You just have to get the link for the Shoutcast feed, it's a little silly for me to yell it
out here.
I think Pandora has a...
Go to all...
Well Pandora's...
Does it have Shoutcast mode in it though?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But most mobile phones have some type of Shoutcast tuner app, I mean anything that's like, listen
to thousands of internet radio stations, it's probably a Shoutcast app.
And if you go to allgames.com you can get the link to listen to all games radio.
Yeah.
Pretty easy.
Okay, and then the grammar thing.
Which I'm laughing, I'm actually laughing, because I realized it was on purpose.
How funny, Tiger...
I'm sorry, I have to say this, Tigercall on our chatroom is saying since the all games
app isn't up right now, you can get the Video Game Outsiders iPhone app, because they're
another show on the network, they do Tuesdays here.
And I guess their app does it.
That's cool.
So, I guess a backup.
Okay, and the last one.
Greetings OLR, Rini here.
I will soon be the proud owner of a new Beatles Rock Band limited edition bundle that I scored
for 20 bucks.
Wow.
I have not owned a Rock Band game until now, so I was wondering if you and the listeners
could give any advice on what I should know about keeping my gear in great condition.
I would say, sanitize it if other people play it.
Especially if they have greasy fingers.
Or liquor is being mixed with those controllers.
Seriously.
Yes, those monitor wipes that you can use to clean your computer screen, those might
be good for it.
Alcohol prep pads, yo.
Because alcohol just dries.
Clorox wipes are like the greatest invention ever.
Yeah, but you gotta be careful with those.
That's true, you don't want to bleach your controllers like a sister.
The horrible thing is, when you said, you know, if alcohol is being mixed with us drinks,
I got this horrible mental image of a Rock Band controller mixing a giant vat of alcohol.
I wouldn't use it for that purpose.
You must hate your Rock Band if you're doing that, wow.
And also, when you store them, make sure that you don't have them stacked up haphazardly.
We usually stand ours up on end and put them in a corner to where they won't really fall
on each other.
If you really want to take good care of them, and this is the way to do it, just go get
one of those big plastic storage tubs at Target.
It would cost you only a couple bucks.
IKEA would have them too, any place ought to have it.
You can just get a big storage tub and put your drum kit and your guitar in there, and
then that way it won't get a crap ton of dust on it, it won't be left out to be kicked and
pushed around and fall over.
With all my Baymani stuff, we would typically just put them back in the box.
That's dedication.
I don't know if, especially I think the guitar is in pieces in the Rock Band box, I want
to say.
I don't know if I'd want to put it back together.
We can do that with our Rock Band ones, but for the ones that we could, we would do that.
Plastic tubs, if you have the space for it, would be great.
Of course I will be getting Rock Band, Rock Band 2, and Lego Rock Band very soon, so please
kindly randomly blurt out any good download content songs.
Thanks.
P.S.
Give Dark Sakura more ginger ale, dude.
Don't stop believin'.
Is really all you need.
Skullcrusher Mountain.
Definitely look for the free stuff on the marketplace.
Jonathan Coulton stuff.
It's really about what type of music you're into.
And Stephen Colbert.
Lady Gaga.
Blah.
Blah yourself.
Haters.
Haters.
Haters.
We're not...
Haters gonna hate, Rob.
Haters gonna hate.
That's right.
Oh boy.
That's it.
You can't...
Stop the hate.
That's right.
I have actually said this, Rob, and I made this statement clear when we went out to Vick's
Ice Cream downtown, that I do not dislike Lady Gaga.
I dislike the radio versions of her songs, but every time I've heard piano versions,
I've really liked them.
Okay.
Okay.
So, it's...
No one-ker.
I thought you just disliked the performance art aspects of her videos.
Videos get you...
Well, I don't like her videos, but I mean, I like the video for Alejandro.
I don't like the videos, but the songs are pretty awesome.
I like video games.
All right, let's...
Yes, let's go on.
I also like Angst.
What a perfect segue into our FUs of the week.
Yay.
And now, for those new to Orange Lounge Radio, this is the part of the show where we just
say a big FU to whatever we're going to say an FU to all week, Dark Soccer.
FU to the hole in my hand, and to my husband's blood pressure.
We're going to beat you, butthead, okay.
I'm going to give an FU to all the sand in my hypothetical vagina that I apparently have
today.
I just...
Are you feeling a little gritty and not so fresh?
Yes.
I have to say a big FU to any gaming company who is willing to charge multiple dollars
for copies of games that I already own.
Yes, I'm talking to you, PlayStation.
Okay, the biggest FU, well, general FUs all around to...
Let's see, the list is long and distinguished.
We'll keep it short.
Fox News, Sarah Palin, Meg Whitman, boo!
Carly Fiona?
Oh God, no.
I thought you were keeping it short.
Yeah, yeah, I am keeping it short.
And the whole Republican Party, go rot, FU.
That won't generate any emails tonight.
By the way, by the way, by the way, Rob, as an official woman, you can have an honorary
veg.
Oh yay, just I've always wanted...
You can keep it.
These things are nothing but trouble.
So you don't have to have a hypothetical one, you can have an honorary one.
I don't want one.
What's the difference?
I...
They're both non-existent.
Send it back, return to sender.
The warranty experience, sorry.
Do not want.
Rob's pet vag.
My little vag.
Hmm, there's a product idea for Hasbro.
What?
Imagine vagina.
All right, anyhow, let's move on.
Loki is in our chat room right now, he's in the chat, he joined on the hospital Wi-Fi.
He's in chat right now.
Woot for free Wi-Fi, I second that.
I don't know if he's listening or what, I just sent him a private message if I can call
him, but I don't know if he can see, he probably can't hear.
Free slow Wi-Fi, that's what you get when it's free Wi-Fi, it's slow Wi-Fi.
I don't know, so we'll see if we can call him or not, we'll see.
But for now we're gonna keep on moving with the news.
Ah, let's see, Metroid Other M, now here's a Wii game that's gonna be pretty hardcore
for that person earlier, but yeah, I'm excited about this game, I'm finally gonna dust off
the Wii after like six months of not playing it.
This is kind of an interesting mode they're putting in the game, it's gonna be a theater
mode in Metroid Other M. That's right, if you wanna just watch the movie Metroid Other
M, you can do that.
That's right, there's a theater mode according to one of the designers at Nintendo, Yoshio
Sakamoto, there's a theater mode that lets you view all of the cutscenes linked together
seamlessly as a single movie.
We placed just as much weight on enjoying the story as we did on the action aspects
of the game, but it's hard to fully communicate a storyline in a video game with just one
playthrough.
At the same time though, it's asking a lot of players to beat the game twice to get it
all, so that's where the idea for that mode came from.
It lets you make a lot of discoveries, things you missed, or dialogue that makes more sense
in retrospect.
I hope it helps people understand the story better.
Interesting approach.
Nice!
That almost kind of reminds me of Final Fantasy X, they had the theater that was in Luka that
you could go to and buy the individual cutscenes, which was really nice when you wanted to look
at them all together.
Yeah, and I was gonna say, people have been kind of doing this whole cutscene movie thing
for years, like I'm pretty sure I could probably go on YouTube and just see nothing but cutscenes
from some of the more recent Final Fantasy games, get a pretty good sense of what the
story's all about.
So, kind of interesting that the game is now officially endorsing that idea, but I like
his reasoning behind it.
He's just kind of like, you know what, you shouldn't have to beat the game twice to get
everything.
And you might kind of go, it's Nintendo Easy Mode, just hit the button or whatever, but
you know, I'll give him a little credit.
I think something as epic as Metroid is worthy of a theater mode.
So is it cheating if you watch the whole movie first and then you play the game?
Yes, but in my opinion that's no worse than going on the internet and reading the entire
FAQ before you play the game.
Good point.
Yeah, true.
I mean, is it really any worse?
So, I'm okay with it.
Let's see, Tigerclaw says, now the question is how long is the theater mode?
Usually cutscenes, when you add them all together, they aren't usually an hour.
They're saying two hours.
Two hours is divided into chapters just like a DVD.
It's not just the cutscenes, there's actually prerecorded gameplay that will be intertwined
with it.
Although, I guess at one point they wanted to actually have recorded bits of you playing
the game that would then go into theater mode, but it's too big of a pain in the ass, basically,
and I'll tell you why.
It's because there's no decent storage on the Wii.
Even though it's not what they're saying, I'm totally filling in the gaps there and
making it up, it's got to be the reason.
You can't store that information.
But it is watching an actual movie.
Pretty much.
That's kind of cool.
That's nice.
I mean, how many people are perfectly content?
DarkSakura comes in here and a lot of her gaming weeks usually are, I watched Dan play
blank.
There's a lot of people that game by watching other people game.
Well, yeah, I mean, part of it for me is that he'll play a lot of single player stuff and
loves to just, you know, completely dominate the front room.
So usually if I'm out there and he's playing something, it's just me watching him play
something.
Especially now since I had my hand surgery.
You know, I really get a lot of enjoyment out of just sitting down watching him play.
Like I could sit and watch him play Grand Theft Horse for a while because it was very
cinematic.
Isn't watching games boring?
No.
No.
It's like watching a movie.
Actually, I have a DVD that's all the cut scenes of Final Fantasy X-2.
Alan will watch me PVP and wow and he enjoys it.
Of course, he likes to play backseat driver too, but that's okay.
It's fun.
I like doing that.
It's cool.
Alright, um, Dark Sakura, one more story and then I've got one more story as well and then
we're going to get to the phones, 877 game OLR in just a moment.
It's kind of funny because this is something I downloaded and never got a chance to play.
I was actually sitting here trying to play it.
Um, it was the Gorillaz Escape to Plastic Beach, which is on iPad and iPhone.
Oh, nice.
And, uh.
Good band.
What's that about?
Well, it's basically, it's them trying to get to the Plastic Beach and, like, you either
play, you play Murdock who flies on a Doom Glider and, um, he's trying to keep 2D from
escaping.
Nice.
You know, so it's, uh, it's only $1.99 and, um, you can get it as a browser game too.
So, uh, it's pretty cute.
Like, here, let me, let me start it up again.
I know this is fantastic cause you won't probably be able to hear it very well, but, um.
It seems interesting to me though.
I mean, usually these are the type of things you put out before an album comes out to kind
of raise awareness about it.
So it's a little weird that this is coming out now.
Is this picking up?
Very quietly.
Most of our listeners probably won't be able to hear it very well.
Headphone people will probably be able to hear it okay, but speaker people probably
not.
Yeah.
I'm trying to let you hear the beginning of it.
It's loading.
It's just beep, beep, boops.
Oh, we can hear it there a little bit.
I need to get away.
Oh, I'm so British.
He's left a key in your car.
Catch me if you can.
Oh, are you running a Monty Python skit on your iPhone?
That's what it sounds like a little bit, doesn't it?
So cute.
It is actually the actual voice actors and everything.
Nice.
Making more money off the characters, but hey, you know what?
If they can have Britney Spears apps and sing along to Lady Tap Tap Bieber or whatever those
games are.
She's such a cute little girl.
Who?
Justine Bieber.
That's awesome.
I was like, who are you talking about?
Britney Spears?
She's not a little girl anymore.
No, Justine Bieber.
Oh, Justine Bieber.
Okay.
She's the cutest little lesbian, I swear.
I'm a big Gorillaz fan, so this is so cute, but man, though looking at the iPad version
though, I'd really love to play the iPad one.
It looks like fun.
It looks very much like a Murdoch is Doom Glider.
One more story for you guys about a guy who now will have plenty of money to develop games
on the iPad.
If he chooses to Richard Garriott, he is the guy that made Ultima many, many years
ago.
Remember Ultima?
It was epic epicness.
It was an awesome, awesome.
I know I spent a lot of time playing Ultima Exodus.
He made a game a little less successful called Tabula Rasa a couple of years ago.
Remember that?
Well, Tabula Rasa closed of course, and NCsoft was the company behind Tabula Rasa and Richard
Garriott was not happy with the way things went.
In fact, he sued NCsoft for fraud, breach of contract, misrepresentation because he's
saying he didn't voluntarily leave the company as NCsoft claimed.
Ooh.
Well, here's the deal.
Apparently, it came out today that out of the 47 million that Richard Garriott was
seeking, he was actually awarded $28 million.
Touching.
Yikes.
So, there you go.
Apparently, they did find that there was some misrepresentation going on there and some
contracts were breached and so forth.
Very unfortunate.
You know what's unfortunate?
That was that NCsoft makes a lot of... I hope they have good insurance, like legal
insurance or something because they make a lot of MMOs and hopefully this won't hit them
in the pockets really hard because they've got a lot of stuff under development at NCsoft
right now.
This is going to suck that they're going to have to pay this guy out $28 million because
they screwed up some things.
Tabula Rasa was an interesting game.
It's kind of a bummer.
It got kind of a crappy break.
I don't know.
It shouldn't... Maybe they just didn't promote it well enough.
I don't know.
Nothing was able to beat WoW at that time.
I don't know.
But, there it is.
All right.
We are going to go ahead and open up the Skype line if you want to give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype is ORANGELOUNGERADIO.
Go ahead and give us a call and we'll take a few calls before we end the show, close
up shop tonight, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username is ORANGELOUNGERADIO.
I was hoping Loki would call us but I guess his Wi-Fi at the hospital is not so great.
He's not getting the private messages but that's okay.
He's got better things to do than talk to us, honestly.
I know we're his friends and everything but he's got more important stuff tonight.
It's all good.
It's all good.
We should try to take the mics on the road and go see the baby.
That would be fun.
That would be absolutely cute.
At the same time, everybody probably wants to be left the fuck alone right now.
Keep in mind, for the next month, all this baby is going to be able to see is blur, blur,
blur.
Ooh, red.
But you like blur.
They're a great band.
Yeah.
Dork.
We got a phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Rama back from Otacon 2010.
Hey, Rama.
What's up?
Sup.
How you doing?
Hey.
I'm doing good.
I'm a little tired but, eh, it's a con.
What do you expect?
You didn't get confunk, did you?
Cons are always exhausting.
No, wait, wait.
Just so you know, the term confunk is officially dead.
It's been replaced with hobo.
What?
What?
Okay.
Haven't heard that before.
Hobo.
Horrific otaku body odor.
Hobo.
Oh, god.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
A similar thing happens at game conventions, too.
No, no, no.
Confunk, but keep in mind, confunk also, though, encompasses con disease.
Ooh.
Well, that's just...
Well, that's...
Which was coined here in California...
Well, that's just...
Which was coined here in California...
...to replace the con in your pocket.
...to replace the con in California as the Dorbola.
Because remember, we can track it back to Doreen.
I remember that, yes.
Anyway...
We got married!
I know, I know.
She and Simon got married.
How was the con, Rama?
It was good, despite some of the couple of things that happened this weekend.
I had fun, my staff had fun, and I saw an ITG3 machine there.
What?
Wait, wait, wait.
They made an in-the-groove 3?
What?
There was an in-the-groove 3 machine there.
It wasn't on, so I don't know what was on it.
My game reporter, I'll have to ask her what was on the machine.
Didn't they get, like, sued to all hell?
And they can't make any more?
Was there a third mix officially?
I don't know.
I think it was in process before it got shut down, so, you know, maybe someone snuck it
out and threw it onto a machine or something.
I do have a picture of the unit, though.
A purposefully leaked prototype.
You said unit.
His son in chat says ITG3 is a mod of ITG2.
That wouldn't surprise me either, actually.
That makes sense.
Yeah, and oddly enough, there was no DDR machines there.
It was just that one ITG machine and two pump-it-up Pro2 machines.
Interesting.
Yeah, very.
What else in the gaming world?
Well, I didn't cover too much of the gaming because I was more covering it than I could
tell you about gaming cosplays.
I can tell you this much.
Every year when a Final Fantasy game comes out, everybody and their mother does cosplays,
and for the longest time, the big cosplay was always Final Fantasy VII.
I can tell you this right now.
There was about 12 to 13 Final Fantasy cosplayers, 6 to 7 of them were from XIII.
Wow.
Well, XIII's very cosplayable.
You know what I mean?
It is, but I don't think it really went over well with a lot of the fans, because from
when I talk to a lot of people, at first they love XIII, they're like, what the shit is
this?
Eh.
Hmm.
Eh.
I don't know, I still like XIII, I don't know what y'all's problem is, but whatever.
I enjoy XIII too, you know.
The battle system just kinda threw me.
That's probably what it is.
Gotcha.
Someone was supposed to lend me their copy.
I keep forgetting, I'm sorry.
You have to text me right before a show one night when I'm not in the bay.
Let's see, what else do I want to ask you about the con?
Well quickly, any really cool events, even anime style or whatever, what were some memorable
moments of the con?
Okay, my best memorable moment was the concert I went to this afternoon.
It was a Japanese hip-hop group called Homemade Kazoku.
The best way I could describe them is, if you remember hip-hop rap music from the 80s
when it was good, that'd take it to the next level.
I see.
Okay.
Are they as good as Dragon Ash?
Honestly, I think they're better than Dragon Ash.
Really?
Oh, snap.
And generally when a lot of Japanese artists come over, you know, they always have a little
bit of trouble speaking English to the fans, they were speaking in pure, 100% English.
No stuttering, no rough edges, it was just straight, clearly right across the board.
I've been to a lot of J-Rock, J-Pop concerts at Otakano, the conventions.
At this concert, everybody was on their feet going nuts.
I've never seen a crowd this wild.
Awesome.
Well, Rama, we got to wrap up so we can get more calls.
Do you have anything else you want to say about the con?
There was a fire at the convention center.
What?
Yes.
Did somebody say fire?
Oh, no.
So what'd you set on fire, Rama?
Rob?
What?
You're a dick.
You know what?
I know.
Okay, like, not everybody gets that joke, Rama.
All right, well, tell us about the fire real quick.
I was over in the Hilton doing a press conference with H&E Hotel, a Japanese fashion designer.
I found out from my staffers that a grease fire broke out in the concession stand, which
is downstairs, where the dealer's room is, they had to evacuate the entire convention
center.
What a con-runner.
At least it wasn't snowing outside.
And talking to some people, I kind of figured out who started the grease fire, and I think
only me and Jamie will catch this joke as I post a link to the complex in the chat room.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I like what Amaze Satsuma says in our chat room.
Con's on fire.
Nice.
I like that.
I can be the theme song for when your con gets set on fire.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to bring up on you now so we can take more calls, but have a good night.
Good night.
Bye.
All right.
Dude, fuck GameStop.
We're going to take another call real quick, and then I want to know more about why you're
angry.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Kane IM.
I'm sorry, what was that?
It's Kane IM.
This is Kane IM.
Kane IM.
You're a female.
I got it.
What's up, Kane IM?
Not much.
Actually, I did find a way to run the live show off my phone, so I do appreciate your
guys' help.
Oh, he's the same guy who emailed in about getting the...
Yeah.
Okay.
What did you end up using?
It was a shoutcast program.
I did a little bit of searching online.
I'm glad you were able to find something.
I wanted to know if you guys had any suggestions on how to get an IRC program for my phone.
An IRC program for your phone.
So that I could join in on the chat.
I know that there is one for iPhone.
I don't know about the joint.
I hate to say iPhone again, but again, that All Games app, whenever it comes back, because
I imagine its disappearance is only temporary, you can get an IRC.
The joint has a browser, right?
Do you have a PSP?
Yes.
Okay.
If you have a PSP...
Yeah.
If you have a PSP.com, then you can do the chat and the stream all from the PSP.
Oh, no, wait.
Unfortunately, I'm a truck driver, and Wi-Fi is kind of scarce.
Oh, and you know what?
I lied anyway, because the chat room on the PSP is totally separate.
It's a junk.
It's all filled with spammers, too.
It's junk.
It used to be awesome.
Oh, hard.
Gosh, I'm trying to think of IRC that you could do on a Black Bear, or no, you have
an M-Droid, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
I'm opening up to our own chatters right now to see if they have any suggestions at
chat.orangelandraday.com.
I guess just try to search for something IRC, because with any IRC client, you should be
able to connect to the Game Surge Network, which is the network we're on, and then it's
just channel Orange Lounge.
Any IRC client can get to our room.
We use, here in studio, we use M-I-R-C.
So yeah, and this toy guy in our chat says, IRC is IRC is IRC, right?
And yes, that's correct.
Yeah.
So unfortunately, I don't know what IRC clients exist on that platform, but you have to run
a search and maybe Google can tell you.
All right, thanks.
All right, well, good luck to you, and well, hey, any games that you've been playing while
you've been out on the road?
I just got Naughty Bear, and my one sinful pleasure is Harvest Moon.
How do you like Naughty Bear?
Because I really want to play it.
I would picture manhunt with teddy bears.
That's about all it is.
Now see, it's-
It's good for a giggle.
Here's the thing, though.
It sounds awesome, and I remember when we were looking at the previews here in studio,
we were so excited and everything else, but I've heard the game is real shit.
Like it's getting terrible reviews, so I'm kind of, you know, not the reviewers necessarily
know everything, but it did kind of give me pause.
I was like, wow, this game is doing really bad in the reviews.
Can you see that?
Why that's happening?
Or do you think it's totally unfounded?
The controls are a bit clunky, the camera doesn't seem to want to want to cooperate
with you.
I mean, I would wait if you really want to play it until either someone else plays it,
or we play it bargain based.
I can, maybe I'll do that bargain basement then.
All right, it's too bad they can't get some of those basic things right.
It's like they don't even play the game or something.
I don't know.
Well then, in about, you know, a couple of months I might just pick it up.
Oh yeah, I thought you were an Xbox owner.
It's only on 3-
That doesn't mean I can't go over to somebody's house and play.
That's usually where I get all my gaming experiences.
I usually have some- I know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who owns a 360.
There you go.
There you go.
All right, well K9M, we're going to let you get back to your thing, but thanks so much
for the call.
And good luck with the mobile phone quest.
We appreciate you trying so hard.
All right, no problem.
You guys try and keep, you know, doing what you're doing and take it easy.
Well thank you very much.
Keep on trucking.
All right.
Bye.
I've always wanted to say that to a truck driver.
All right.
All right, anyhow, let's see, I'm looking at chat and some folks clarifying some things
about the OLR PSP and Hitstun is saying, OLR PSP's chat is a shout box, not an IRC chat.
And that is correct.
There is no IRC clients that work on PSP right now.
Loki tried to get that to happen and he couldn't, because you're absolutely right.
There's nothing that works right now.
So there it is.
Oh, we can do at least one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Orange Radio.
Who's this?
Yeah, hello there.
Yo, hello.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Who's this?
This is that one, Aki Ripper from Sweden.
Aki Ripper.
From PlayStarts F2.
From Sweden.
It's the other Swede.
It's another Battle of the Swedes night.
I love it.
We had our emailer.
Aki Ripper.
No, there's always room for at least two Swedish people.
You know what?
If a third Swedish person wanted to listen, I would welcome them too.
What is on your mind?
Well, I will...
And if there were four, we could make our own version of Abba.
All right, Aki Ripper, what's on your mind?
Yo.
What the funk.
Damn it.
What's on your mind?
Hello?
Yeah.
Hello?
What's on your mind?
Well, I ramble on the network one time and, well, Star Wars 2 could be wonderful if I could
play it.
Oh, no.
What's going on?
Did they lock Sweden out?
No, no.
The thing is that I can't play it due to the thing that Battle of the Swedes refused to
accept that I have tapped in my key in Battle of the Swedes and said it's listed.
But when I launch a game and say like, no, you do not have a stock FT associated with
your Battle of the account.
Like it's all listed there, but the game refuses to say no, yes, or something.
We have an angry, angry Swede on the show tonight.
You hear that anger in his voice.
I don't...
I'm quite pissed in that regard since, well, I, well, around, well, 900 Swedish crowns
and that, which is like, I'm going to be a rough, how much, by the way, is the collector's
edition in, anyway, it's the collector's edition.
$99.
How much, how much you pay it, pay it in, and they can do it out, but it's somewhere
around, well, somewhere around 90 bucks or even less.
Wow.
Well, here's, here's a suggestion, I don't even know if this works, you probably already
done this.
Have you logged onto the web portal, going onto battle.net on the web and making sure
that the game is associated there?
Yeah, well there, it's listed there.
And well, the thing is that, well, I've, and here's the other thing though, the, the work
around that I'm trying to do is, well, change password.
If it weren't for the following fact that I had forgotten my like hidden question, hidden,
that's my, that's my problem, that's my problem.
So and I've, and well, I've tried for, tried to, for, tried calling the, calling Blizzard
about it, but here's the other thing though, trying to call the Blizzard line around these
parts, around these seems quite hard.
And the irony is that I've managed to, managed to call the US one when I had problems with
the, you know, when I had problems with my, at the time when I was playing World of Warcraft
on US, on US servers, then I got straight along.
And now it's like, yeah, you're out of luck or something.
Oh, well anyway.
Has your WoW account been inactive for some time?
My WoW account, my, both of my WoW accounts have been inactive for like a one of a year.
Did you have an authenticator on that account?
No, I did not because I, because the authenticator, when I played the, the authenticator wasn't
released yet.
It is possible, and I don't know, but it's possible that your account got hacked because
I have heard of people that even though they had inactive Warcraft accounts, that some
people would go in there and like reactivate them to get access to the characters.
It's crazy, crazy stuff.
Just hypothesizing that that could be what's screwing with you over there.
So definitely, uh, you're going to have to keep on Blizzard and, and I guess, well, I
will have to call them or, or in something because, well, uh, but, but, but my, one of
the problems that I have also is that, well, if I remember right, to be able to identify,
well, I'm have to go find, the problem is also is that I need to find like a scanner
or a scanner because I need to scan in my passport or something, uh, to send a, well,
to a basic way, like maybe in a file and send it to them and say that, yes, this is me of
sorts.
What a pain.
Or are you just going to have to give them the angry Swede?
Sounds like this angry Swede is quite justified in his anger.
Yes.
I, I, I wish you the best.
I wish there was a magic wand.
In that regard, I am quite pissed and also because, well, and also because, well, uh,
Starcraft 2, and here's the other thing though, in a kind of way, I already know what happens
in, because also the thing is, so, uh, playing Starcraft, I wasn't that hyped for Starcraft
2 in a kind of way anyway, since, uh, the thing that I did is that since I got the collector's
edition, you have this like special DVD of sorts when you get all the, uh, the, uh, video
frequencies from the game and I'm like, yeah, let's watch this.
So yeah, you just got spoiled the whole game.
Well, here's the other thing though, uh, and even more fun is that, well, if I, and especially
actually in a kind of way, since I'm like one of those players that played through the
first Starcraft game, we're playing like code power overwhelming, yes, please.
Which was that, well, god mode activated.
Oh well.
Okay.
Ripper.
I wish I could fix it for you, but it sounds like you're just going to have to keep on
Blizzard customer support, but do let us know what happens.
Okay, buddy.
Yeah, well, I'll keep you updated.
All right.
I hope he can get to the zerging soon.
All right.
Hang in there.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right.
Poor guy.
But Hey, tough lesson for everybody learned.
Learn it.
Okay.
Ripper's expense.
Learn at the expense of the Swedes.
Don't forget your security question because that sucks when that happens.
You got to be very careful with that stuff, so make sure you will be able to remember
it later on or else you're going to have all those problems that Aki Ripper was talking
about there.
All right.
Well, that is going to do it for Orange Laundria's phone calls tonight.
We're going to close up the Skypline.
I don't know.
Usually Loki is the collector of last minute stories.
I don't know if Dark Sakura pulled anything.
I did.
You did?
Well, Dark Sakura, what do you have for last minute stories tonight?
The Canadians are luring game developers out of Alabama.
I didn't realize there was like this whole avalanche of game developers in Alabama in
the first place.
Well, the province of Newfoundland and Labrador paid $300,000 to a Huntsville, Alabama video
game development company so it could set up a studio in Canada.
It's Bit Trap Studios Canada is doing a multiplayer online games and wants some help.
I see.
They're hoping that it will infuse $1.6 million into the local economy.
I see.
I knew those Canadians were up to no good.
It's an economic war that they're declaring.
I see.
But that was like jazz.
Time to start pouring your maple syrup down the sewers.
Like, dude, I'm from Alabama, so it was cool.
I'm just, obviously I'm teasing, come on.
We like our neighbors to the north really.
Usually.
Usually.
Most days.
Most days.
All right.
Anything else?
Was that it?
Nope.
All right.
No, that was not it or no, there's nothing else?
No, there's nothing else.
All right.
I'm being a jerk.
All right.
That's going to do it for Orange Laundry tonight.
It's about time for us to go around and wrap everything up and put the nail in the coffin
of the show.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thought, but first I have to thank our
guests for being here tonight because they did great work.
Really did good work tonight.
Really appreciate it.
So, Gary, thank you so much for being here tonight.
You're welcome.
It was a pleasure.
Glad to be here.
I hope the show has inspired you to get up in console and PC gaming.
I saw you were doing the Dungeons and Dragons download.
Yeah, but I'm also thinking about what console I should buy, so.
Oh, tough decision.
Tough decision.
Yes, it is.
Let me help you after the show.
All right.
So, do come back and let us know what you end up getting and what PC games you do end
up getting into.
Oh, I'd love to come back.
All right.
Please do.
Also, Myla, thank you so much for being on the show tonight.
No problem.
Appreciate it.
And a shout out to my lovelies in the chat rooms who actually know who I am.
We love the chatters.
Appreciate them.
So, yeah.
Go RuneScape.
Okay.
I'm done.
And Myla, keep enjoying your 12-year-old game.
I know.
It's great.
I know.
No, no.
No gaming reports.
So, between you and Drunami, I think we'll be pretty covered.
So, come on back sometime.
Yup.
Yup.
Yup.
With this economy, you need it.
DarkSakura, I'm going to ask for your final thought tonight.
What is your final thought?
Ow.
Poor thing.
DarkSakura deserves our full sympathy.
It's been a rough week.
Sympathy.
I want a cookie.
You need a hug.
And a cookie.
And a cookie.
And a pony.
And a dinner.
I need to give our guests their final thought, too.
Gary, do you have a final thought tonight?
Um, it's been too long since I've done any console game or any computer game and I need
back into it.
It looks like things have taken quantum leaps from the last time I did this seriously.
I saw the screenshots of Arkham Asylum and was blown away, so.
I'm glad we could inspire you.
Yup.
Uh, Myla, do you have a final thought tonight?
DC Online.
Wow.
Oh yeah.
You're totally going to be there, too.
Can't wait.
Uh, and my final thought is, I think Pinkberry would make it all better.
Yeah.
I've never been there.
It's really good.
But sadly, it's Sunday and they're not going to be open.
But anyway, tomorrow.
Aw.
Alright, that's it, guys.
Have a wonderful week.
We will be back here next week to do it all over again.
Unfortunately, Loki's going to be out for a little while longer.
But hey, DarkSakura and I are perfectly capable of holding down the fort, so tune in next
week to see what the antics bring and- I got duct tape.
We're going to have a co-host next week to fill in for Loki, so more on that next week.
We'll see you next week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, I almost forgot.
If you did enjoy our show, please tell two people about the show.
Help us spread the word because we're not a multi-million dollar organization.
You know, we're excited when we have $10 in the budget to spend on a Facebook ad.
So we really, really can use your guys' help in helping us spread the word of Orange Lounge
Radio.
That's all we ask.
Alright?
So we'll see you next week.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
