2010, a new drawing tablet is announced for the Wii, Goldeneye is set to get Golden Wii accessories, and could a recent PC cult classic be coming to Xbox Live and PSN?
Hello my friends on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We like to think of ourselves as the place where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome co-host.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Dan's 3 Bean Salad is amazing and you should have some.
I may have to a little later when I'm finished downing these yummy parmesan garlic and herb pita chips that I managed to eat the entire bag over the course of a week.
We should totally take a picture of you modeling them, Rob.
Perhaps I will in a moment.
Maybe later.
Then the whole chat can see my Journey shirt.
I actually just realized that my phone is in the bedroom and I'm too lazy to go get it.
I'm not, I'm not, because I've had a change of heart.
Mm-hmm.
We can talk about that later, but I want to introduce because he's back.
We've missed him.
He's been gone for a few weeks, but he is back in the house tonight.
Say hello to Loki.
Hello.
Techmaster Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
Tell us about the baby.
We all want to know.
He's not doing much.
He just pretty much sleeps and poops and eats and that's about it.
He's awake every now and then for a few hours, but we've been trying to get him to sleep a little bit better at night.
He looks like it's kind of funny at night.
He, I guess, doesn't sleep too deeply.
And it looks like he makes all these like kind of arm and leg movements.
So it looks like he's fighting somebody in his sleep.
And it's kind of funny.
Hopefully it's not his father.
No, he's just like, and like kicking his legs up and stuff.
Interesting.
Has he resisted the swaddling?
He doesn't like to be swaddled, really.
Neither did Becky's son.
They always say that babies should be swaddled when they're really young.
I've seen more babies than not just completely hate it.
It's so weird that everybody has babies now.
He liked it at first.
It's just I think he gets hot.
He takes after me, so we run really warm.
It's not fun to have a tight blanket on you when you're really hot.
There was one picture of him that I have to say.
He looked like a little monkey.
He does look like a little monkey.
He also looks like... Oh, what's his name?
One of the kids from Malcolm in the Middle.
Wow.
Dewey.
He looks like Dewey from Malcolm in the Mill.
Let's go to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com where our chatters can chat with us live as we do tape Sunday nights at All Games Radio.
www.allgames.com is where you can listen to our show live.
We do tape 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at All Games Radio.
But if you want to chat live during the show, you've got to go to a different website, chat.orangeloungeradio.com and, you know, that's
That's our thing, where every gamer has a voice.
You know, yeah, we talk about news, but I'm sure most of you that go to the trouble to download gaming blogs, or download gaming podcasts, probably also read gaming blogs.
So I know you get your news from there, but we talk about it with you guys and get some different perspectives.
But tonight, it's a lot of questions about Loki.
ToyGak says, holy shit, I missed you.
I don't know if he's talking about the show in general or Loki or both or what, but there you go.
Spazinator says, you were gone.
LOL, JK.
DJ Dark Knight says, where's our cigars?
I don't know.
Is that a tradition people still do anymore?
I didn't think... I don't know.
I thought after all the whole, like, smoking kills stuff, you know, and they really frown on smoking in general.
They don't do the cigars so much anymore.
I've seen candy cigars, but not the real ones.
Yeah, I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf, the man who does the show before us here at All Games Radio, has a great question.
Does he appreciate the nursery?
He doesn't really use the nursery yet because he's still sleeping in our room in a little portable crib.
He will eventually use the nursery.
No, not yet.
He does not appreciate the nursery yet.
I don't think he can even see the nursery yet.
He really only can see about 8 to 12 inches in front of him because his eyes aren't fully developed yet.
He can see red though.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Just like, goes crazy.
So, yeah, I'm sure he will appreciate it later on.
He's just, he's a little young right now.
Were you here the week we talked about how your pictures got on a gaming blog?
Or was that the night Josh was born?
I think that was the week that Josh was born.
Yeah, your pictures made it onto what?
Game Informer or something?
Some pretty big magazine.
And we were kind of like laughing because it had nothing to do with the fact that you're here on Orange Launch Radio, which, you know, it's fine.
Nobody listens to the show except the few faithful folks we've had over the years.
But you just cracked me up because they found your photos on Flickr and thought it made for a good story.
But I think that just goes to show, yeah, sure, a lot of people may have thought of doing a Mario-themed nursery for their babies, but Matt took the full...
Thanks for watching!
He'll never realize what cool parents he has doing his room in the video game theme.
Because by the time he's a teenager, well, obviously the room will be changed by the time he's a teenager, but by the time he's like, you know, it's time for that nursery theme to be changed, he'll probably be like, man, video games are lame.
All my dad does is talk about video games.
No, he won't do that.
I'm just messing.
Alright, look, I... Maybe spoil, because you're like, oh, and they're like, oh man, I really wish I had like a Wii 2 or something.
Be like, ah, I already got that.
I bought that for myself.
But hey, you can use it if you want, you know.
He'll never get to play them because his dad will always be using it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, what a weekend I've had.
I'm hanging in there.
Tell us about it, because your weekend and my weekend were very similar.
Yes, we had a road trip up to Reno because the Rocky Horror Troupe that Rob is a part of was doing a Rocky Horror performance for about...
3,500 people, we think?
The number is still debated.
Like, I've heard everywhere from 2,000 to 6,800.
And they do it in an arena.
It's definitely the largest showing they do regularly in the country.
I think there was once a large, large, large show in LA.
But, I mean, this is the largest regular show they do where it's literally thousands of people.
And honestly, at that point, 2,500, 6,800 looks all the same to me.
It's a shit ton of people all to be in one place.
That earns the Saturn bone.
I know, and I was worried that you were going to get that whole associated response thing with Reno, so that next time I said, hey, let's go to Reno, you'd just think about barfing, and you'd be like, no, I don't want to go.
Yeah, and I started to feel kind of fluish and crappy during the car ride up, and I'm like, all right, three-hour car ride, change in elevation, I just feel kind of icky, hit the buffet, and now my stomach was like, that was a bad plan.
That was your first mistake.
Yeah.
You didn't condition yourself with enough junk food beforehand, see.
You can't go to really anywhere in Nevada and not have a buffet at some point.
Unless you live there.
I'm sure we have plenty of listeners in Las Vegas.
In fact, I know we do.
That are probably listening to this going, I'm sick of fucking hearing about buffets.
They suck.
They're terrible.
They can shut up because they have Krispy Kreme, and Krispy Kreme is awesome, and I wish we still had it here.
Instead, it's going to be what?
What were they turning into?
A Chick-fil-A?
A Panera Bread.
Panera, screw it.
Put it back to being a Krispy Kreme again.
I didn't care less about Panera.
That building's been empty for like three years.
I mean, it's been a very long time.
It's longer than three years.
It's been very long.
Finally, they're putting a Panera bread in there, which I like Panera bread.
I think they're really good.
Good, healthy place to eat.
I don't like them because they're egg sandwiches.
They don't scramble their eggs.
They just kind of fry it and then you get like chunks of...
If it's egg salad, it shouldn't be.
Or did you just say egg or egg salad?
No, like they're breakfast sandwiches with eggs on them.
By the way, once in a while, we do stop talking about food and start talking about video games.
Just want you to know, it's not a Food Network podcast.
It's a game podcast.
It's just, it's very, if they had scrambled their eggs, it'd be an even distribution between the yolk and the white.
And the problem is, when you fry it like that, you get these big chunks of yolk and it doesn't taste very good.
Plus, they don't season anything and it's terrible.
Really wish it was a Krispy Kreme again.
Next time, if you really want, Loki, one of these nights, when I come back from the Bay Area, I'll have to do it when Jamie's not looking, because she'll be mad, but I'll sneak you some Krispy Kremes.
Awesome.
From the Bay Area, because they still have them there.
You know what?
I want one Krispy Kreme in particular.
Which one?
That's the...
As much as I like them, my favorite to this day is still the Eclair.
Because I do love the custard.
Well, I might have to think about doing that.
Is there one on the way home for me?
I think there is.
I don't think I have to go too far.
You should just take me to the Bay Area.
You should just take you?
Just take me there.
There's one near me in Daly City.
I don't know where you would stay for the night.
I mean, you can't sleep in the bed.
I'll walk the streets.
What?
Okay.
You're going to lonely roam the streets?
I'll be driving around singing Journey songs.
Actdeft in our chatroom says, it isn't OLR without Orange Lounge Foodio.
Don't you know it?
Monty Boggs says, I click off once they stop talking about food.
Jim Sally says, Krispy Kreme buffet would be heaven.
DarkSakura.com
It's dumb.
It's because they figured out that website, you know, this is whyyou'refat.com or something like that.
And people are like, oh, look, that's really bad for you.
Let's make a burger out of it or something.
And we get publication, you know, because people talk about it and how crazy it is and stuff like that.
It's ridiculous.
It's a trend that I wish would go away.
There was an episode of the Boondocks on Cartoon Network specifically about the grandpa opening up a soul food restaurant with the Luther.
Wow.
Huh.
Ah.
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, I tried to get Rob to order one.
He was like, no.
Even when he described it, I was like, oh, it was a deep fried ham and cheese sandwich?
It's thick sourdough toast with ham and Swiss, and then it's dipped in sort of a sweet batter, deep fried, and then served with strawberry jam and powdered sugar.
It's ham and cheese French toast with crap on it.
Well, see, there's a lot of things I don't like about that.
I don't like crap on my French toast other than, you know, maybe powdered sugar.
And I really don't like powdered sugar if I can get it without it.
I don't really care for jams and jellies and stuff like that.
And also, I hate Swiss.
He's quite a picky eater.
I am a picky eater.
Swiss is one of the lowest sodium cheeses.
And just also random, you know where I saw that on the menu?
Bennegan's.
Yes, there are still Bennegan's.
What they need to do is they need to take a burger, bread it in the pub.
Is that what it's called?
Crumbled bacon and then fry that.
I've seen it.
I've never been there.
Didn't we go at California Extreme?
No, we went to IHOP.
DarkSakura.com
Okay, this, I found, the company that I work at that I'm about to get laid off of, I found my boss's Facebook page.
My first boss, who hired me.
And I'm looking at his photos of him with... And he was Carol Channing?
You were hired by Carol Channing?
Do you like raspberries?
It's... It's... Hired!
But he's the world's biggest Anne Margaret fan.
And he also has met lots of... He's gone to her house.
Wow.
Got tons of photos, you know.
He and his partner have, you know, met, you know, her and her husband and gone to shows and sat in box seats.
But I'm also looking at his other photos of other celebrities that he's met.
And there's, like, him and Carol Channing and Bo Derek.
And that's pretty cool.
He's gonna be really sad in about ten years when all his favorite celebrities die.
Wish I had pictures with all the celebrities I've met.
DarkSakura.com
How was your gaming week?
Or two weeks, if you wish.
I really didn't play much of anything.
I played a little pinball.
And mostly I watched Dan scream at his Nintendo emulator.
Well, today I watched him yell at Rad Bracer.
But I wanted to hear the music in it.
The do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
The one that was used in the Strong Bad anime one.
Anyway, and then Dan played some Turbo Outrun and Outrunners.
It was old school racing to hear it.
Fuck it and turn it off.
And I found my Ninja Pass, but I couldn't find my micro SD card.
I think those are pretty cheap to come by.
Yeah, I ordered one for five bucks.
But the whole reason I wanted it is because since I'm going back to the gym, my favorite thing to do is to go, well, back in the day it was go on the elliptical and play Pokemans.
So now it's going to be, I guess, play whatever game I happen to have on me.
And I wanted to find some of those SNES ROM conversions for the DSi.
Nice.
And then I can play lots and lots of Seiken 3.
Because that's been the game I've really been wanting to get into playing.
Or just Final Fantasy 6, 3, whatever you want to call it.
But I have a new game that I'm going to be playing.
What's that?
Thank you to a lack of forgetfulness.
Finally, after like a month, I finally remember to bring Dark Sakura.
Final Fantasy 13.
Yeah, I really should finish that game.
I'll be playing the crap out of this.
And I start school next week, too.
Good times.
You're going to be busy.
And Tuesday is old school DDR night at our Vigil.
Yes.
I'm going to go.
I don't know if I'll actually play Ditter, but I'll definitely play some 2DX.
And if they ever fix their freaking Technica machine, I'll play that too.
I'm going to play DDR.
Alright.
Maybe I'll play one round of DDR.
That would be fun.
I haven't done that in forever, but I'm almost afraid to try again.
Just because last night... It's because I still think... It's humbling.
You're going to have to go down to five footers to get yourself back into it.
I've been playing sixes and sevens, and it's been fine for me.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DanSansRevolution Preview Party
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Dvrx said Dave and Buster's in town.
I had to laugh.
Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt because you mentioned Mel B. I had to laugh because I've been seeing this on my release list and I finally found the box art for it.
They have a game coming out in the week called Get Fit with Mel B.
I'm the runner up on Dancing with the Stars, but some asshole on the internet doesn't know who I am.
At any rate, Dan and I are having our fifth wedding anniversary.
Oh.
And we were going to get folks together on the day before because we can't do the $40 free play thing all day thing on our actual anniversary.
So we were going to go and hit up Dave and Buster's and have like a big party with whoever wants to show up.
What day is this?
The 31st.
August 31st.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then you are officially one of the chosen people at that point, right?
Yes, I'm officially one of the chosen people.
Congrats in advance.
All right.
Well, somehow we completely deviated from the talk of video games.
What did we hit on in there?
Jews, Spice Girls?
No, but anyway.
Alright, Loki!
I haven't been playing a whole lot.
You got a good excuse.
I'm trying to think back to what I played at the hospital on the DS.
I don't even know if I played anything on the DS.
I played a little bit more of Spirit Tracks.
That game's okay.
Some of the Zelda games on the DS, I just don't go through them very quickly, but...
It's alright.
Then mainly the only thing I've been playing since I got back to work has been the Grand Theft Auto Lost and Damned.
Yes, we've gone back to Lost and Damned now because they were kind of craving the open world Grand Theft Auto deathmatch things and since you can't really do that in the Battle of the Gate Tony...
We're playing Lost in Damage.
It's actually a little bit more fun.
It's a little less serious because I'm not really trying to get up on the leaderboards for that.
I kind of want to go back to the Battle of Gay Tony so I can actually get to the top of the leaderboards because I kind of stopped at rank 59.
But then on top of all that, I've been working still on working on my mods and stuff for Grand Theft Auto because I have a really big one in the works right now that's going to be completely stuff that's never been done before on the console version.
and thankfully I upgraded my computer to Windows 7 64-bit and added another 4 gigs of RAM so now it runs smoothly and I can actually run Grand Theft Auto without having it crash after 5 minutes.
There was something weird with the installation or something on XP so now it's really stable which is great and I can actually work on it.
Lots of baby jokes in the chat room.
Spazinator wants to know if you've been playing Babymaker Extreme.
Nope.
Frisbee says, Loki has been playing lots of Imagine Babies.
Uh, no.
It's just, uh... Just been playing reality babies.
Just been playing washing the bottles.
Changing the diapers.
Good times.
Fun stuff like that.
No, really, it's because now...
with the sleep schedule and everything, and we have to get up a lot of times.
You know, I kind of have to stick to the old person schedule where, you know, I have to go to bed at 9 o'clock at night.
Yeah.
Well, it's been 11, okay?
11 o'clock at night is really what we've been sticking to.
But sometimes 9 o'clock at night or 10, between 9 and 11, because I have to get up in the morning, like at 5 in the morning, you know, with the babies.
So...
Outro Outro Outro Outro
I don't think anyone's surprised that you haven't been able to play a whole lot lately.
We'll get into things I shouldn't be playing a little bit later.
Yeah, just lots of stuff to be doing.
But I've been mainly just working on the Grand Theft Auto stuff because that's what I play at work.
And it's going to be so fun once we get all the mod things done.
DarkSakura, you missed something you want to talk about in your week?
I played Star Trek Online.
Of course, you always do.
Anything exciting going on there?
Dabo!
The implemented Dabo.
So you can gamble for Latinum.
And they have HoloLita and they got Chase Masterton to do her voice.
Wow.
So...
I played the Castlevania Harmony of Schadenfreude or whatever the 360 version is No, I'm joking about the name The multiplayer one I played the demo of that Didn't like it Don't know why
Playing as Alucard, upscaled HD graphics, Castlevania, gave it two rounds.
It's weird.
Wasn't feeling it.
It's weird.
It doesn't feel like other Castlevania games.
And I think, I hear that that game really shines on its best when it's multiplayer, which, you know, no big surprise there.
Most games are better when it's multiplayer.
But yeah, playing it normal is really strange.
Like the whole, especially the way the whole map's zoomed out in the beginning is just kind of a weird, weird feeling.
Yeah.
and some Puzzle Quest 2.
Still working on that.
Can only play that for maybe 30-45 minutes at a time because when you get to the lower levels, I'm almost at the max level.
I'm level 43 out of 50.
You have to play so much freaking Bejeweled just to clear a room.
It kind of becomes a grind.
And of course, World of Warcraft.
Got some accomplishments done in that.
What are your biggest accomplishments in World of Warcraft so far?
50 mounts.
and I finally grinded all five cities in Argent Tournament so I got my super hella exalted Argent champion with cheesecake achievement.
Did Blizzard actually mail you a cheesecake?
I hope so.
Because all those dailies, never again.
I wanted to die.
Man!
Thank you for watching!
that would be a great idea for an MMO but you know there'd be people that would exploit the hell out of that so they'd have to think of funny ways to put caps on it but it's kind of like one of those loyalty programs like what Square Enix sends out what like iPhones or no iPod Touches or whatever if you're like a uber platinum bought every game we ever put out member or whatever but yeah anyhow
And our guild is now 6-12 of ICC.
Yes.
Same guild I'm in, of course.
We got down Rotface and... Festergut.
Festergut.
And we're working on Valthyria, Dreamwalker, Healy, Dragon.
Which probably was not the best idea for the next boss fight.
Which I don't like that fight at all.
But yeah.
So, I don't know.
We're going back in tomorrow, so maybe we'll do the Blood Princes.
Was that what it is?
The Blood Queen?
The Princes?
Whatever they're called?
Princes and then Queen is after them.
Yeah, we gotta do that whole thing.
Anyway.
Wow, wow, wow.
I've been playing a lot of WoW too, of course.
All the same things he's been talking about.
Well, actually, no, because my accomplishments, I don't have nearly the same stuff.
I haven't done the Uber stuff.
I have...
Alan's really good at focusing on one character, and I've got, I've started to develop, you know, as the wait continues on for Cataclysm, Altaholism, and, you know, I've been leveling a Shaman, which has been fun, and I've been slowly working on my Warrior, who has lulled at, like, 76 for the past, like, four months, she's up to, like, 78 now, so I'll probably get her over the hill to 80 at some point, then I'll have another 80, woo!
Outside of that though, another Blizzard game I've been playing a lot of.
I finally played StarCraft 2, which is old news to a lot of you guys.
Those of you that are huge fans of StarCraft bought this game the day it came out, I'm sure.
But you might remember I was very apprehensive about getting into StarCraft because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
Multiplayer, not so noob friendly.
They've done some things.
There's this whole practice league you can do for a little while.
You can slow down the game a lot.
There are some things they've done to help it be a little bit easier.
At the end of the day, when you try to play a human opponent, it's tough.
and uh playing though against like the computer AI depending on how you do it is is is cool um like you know a friend of mine from the WoW Guild and I were playing online the other night and we were playing two versus two but we would slow down the game and we played very easy computer and it was almost too easy like we whooped it like three times so we said let's step it up to easy and still we were able to conquer it you know a little more difficult but not not too bad so but then we played
Thank you for watching!
And I know the speed thing will come with time.
Yeah, so multiplayer's been a very interesting experience.
But campaign's really cool.
Very animated, very cool little decks that you go through on the ship to kind of... Well, you don't start there.
You actually start in a different area.
But you move on to the ship, and you can kind of buy enhancements and things, which are really cool.
So I like what they did there.
Here's where things get weird, I think, with StarCraft, is that...
StarCraft Games StarCraft Games
But my question is, in the next game, okay, there's going to be a Zerg campaign.
All right, I get that.
That'll be cool because I'll actually get to learn how to play Zerg because that's the other problem I have with multiplayer right now is that being that I am new to StarCraft, I didn't really get into the first game.
I don't know what I'm doing when I play Zerg or Protoss.
I mean, yeah, I know they have a lot of the similar stuff, but I don't...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Probably a little early for me to be saying something like that because I haven't played the second game.
But I just kind of look at it and go, what are they going to add that's going to make it worth all that money?
Because I don't see that changing a whole lot.
I think I recall the Blizzard developers saying last year that when they announced that they were doing three separate releases, that the campaigns, the story modes for each game is going to be anywhere from 25 to 40 hours, whatever is considered a full game length.
Because in StarCraft 1, all three campaigns together made up the game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I'm not going to be pleased.
If you don't care about lore, really, and you're just in it for the multiplayer and the maps, 30 hours of campaign, even if it's like, ooh, let's go into the heart of the politics of the Zerg, it's like, yeah, I don't care.
That's 30 hours I could be working on my ranking in League mode, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So it's going to be very interesting to see how they justify it.
I think it's going to be tough.
But, you know, I don't know, Blizzard, clearly they know what they're doing.
They have much success on the PC, and I'm really excited for Diablo 3, and obviously the new WoW expansion.
But at this point, I kind of look at it and go, I don't know if this was the best decision.
I mean, from a money-making perspective, it was, but...
They might do $60, $45, $45.
They might take it down a notch on the prize for the latter two.
I wonder if they're going to do the other two as expansions to the first one.
So you have to buy the first game.
Oh, wow.
That would be, I could see that.
If the second and third games were just expansions to the first game, that I get.
But that's not the way Blizzard's talking.
So I don't know.
All right, anyhow, we're going to get into some gaming news here now that we're done with our gaming week.
But first, some housekeeping.
Not a whole lot of housekeeping I want to share tonight, actually.
Just, you know, please join our Facebook if you haven't already.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio is where our Facebook can be found.
We're also on Twitter at Twitter.com slash OLR.
We're going to be taking your Twitter topics later on, so if you want to send us some of those, that would be great.
And, of course, you can always email us at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We'll get to reading your emails a little later in the show.
otherwise um not a lot of uh show no i mean we had last week off i don't see us having another show off until probably i know halloween is on a sunday this year right so there probably is not gonna be a message about that you did but i think it was when i was really intoxicated in reno that's something to discuss later
Yes, how I drank so much in Reno that I actually fell out of the bed.
Oh, no, I meant Halloween, but... Oh, I just made that up.
It's really funny, huh?
Rob fell out of the bed.
All right.
Yeah, we'll talk Halloween later.
But otherwise, we're set for a little while.
All right.
Or I don't know about Labor Day weekend because that's going to be tough because three-day weekend.
We'll see.
Drunk show?
That might be an idea, actually.
We haven't done that in a long, long time.
No, we haven't.
I doubt Loki would be participating in that.
Yeah, I don't think I could.
Does Dan drink at all?
Can Dan drink?
He's not big on it.
You know what we should do?
We should do the marathon episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes.
Because there's nothing on on All Games Radio after us.
And we should just honestly see and I don't know how the listeners will feel about this.
We should honestly just see We do the regular show.
Do the regular show and then just go as long as we possibly can.
P.S.
Even then, I don't think we'd hit it in just 24 hours.
We'd have to go take some serious time.
We'll add Gaming Podcast in front of that.
The longest episode of the official gaming podcast of the universe.
I'm looking at the chat room.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com Breakman in our chat room, just for the record, says, Falling out of the bed is way better than falling off the toilet.
Haven't done that.
Let's see.
The chatroom says, ooh, drunk show.
And of course, as always, we would drink responsibly.
If we do have a drunk show, then somebody else is going to have to drive me here.
I don't know how I'll do that, or I'll have to sleep on the vault floor like Jamie's other houseguests do.
We'll figure that out.
TigerClaw says, so it'll be like an afterbirth XXL.
Yeah, something like that.
SSJ100Matt says we should invite Irene and Extifer for this.
We definitely should try to get other people here if we do that.
so we may maybe I'm on to something because we don't I don't have any I'm not going out of town for Labor Day I usually do but I'm not this year that's actually in two weeks I don't have a lot of time I plan on sitting on my ass so maybe I don't know are you available to come up here we need to figure something out I was gonna say if you're staying at home for Labor Day weekend I'm coming up here then so maybe we'll do that and you know I was thinking about going down there but if people feel like crashing so we can sleep in cycles we've got the futon mattresses in the vault I can make it into a bed a comfortable little bed
We have comfortable couches.
We'll figure something out.
That's in two weeks though.
I just realized like, oh crap, that's in two weeks.
So next week we'll have an answer on what's going to happen in two weeks.
All right.
In the meantime, how about some actual bonafide gaming news?
Loki, I know you've missed the gaming news, right?
How are you doing?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't understand in the back how that's really going to work.
It seems a little awkward to me, but I guess we'll see.
And apparently this is coming from an unnamed source, according to Eurogamer.
And...
They were super flimsy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Guess what, Sony?
Apparently people do like to buy physical copies of their games.
Who would have thought?
So, I don't know.
It would be interesting to see if this really does anything.
I think they really should just stick with putting at least a second analog stick on there.
Because the actual PSP phone thing had this touch panel that kind of replaced the analog sticks.
And you could kind of use it like the analog sticks.
It was almost like a strip.
which is an interesting idea I guess but
I don't know.
Hopefully the system will do a lot better than the last PSP.
Oh, well, the PSP Go did terribly, yes.
You're not talking about the original PSP.
I'm talking about the original PSP.
It's not done well recently.
Well, compared to the DS, but it's done better than a lot of systems do, I would think.
What other systems are we talking about out there?
The Lynx, the Game Gear, the Gamescom, the... What was that shitty little thing they showed off at E3 a few years ago that was a portable device?
The Gizmodo?
The Gizmodo, the N-Gage.
It's been better than all of those.
I like the little guitar game on the Gizmodo, though.
Barely, though.
Gizmondo, that was it.
That's it.
Gizmondo.
Oh, Gizmodo's a gaming blog.
Or something like that.
Gizmondo, yes.
It's a dumb name for a device anyway.
It's like Gizmondo.
Uh-huh.
Whatever.
But yeah, it's just... I don't know.
I don't see them doing too much...
Stuff that's very different than the last PSP.
I think that the system's okay.
They just have to make a few enhancements to it and hopefully they'll learn from their mistakes.
And I hope for their sake that it's a little more secure as far as cracking it goes.
Now, wait, what adds value to these rumors?
Because rumors can, you know, kind of come from anywhere.
Like, I could say, oh, the next PSP is going to double as a cigarette lighter.
Woo-hoo!
You know, there you go.
But, you know, cut, print, run with it.
PSP to have cigarette lighter.
But what adds this any value, what they're saying here?
Um...
Honestly, don't know.
So, I guess we don't really know.
I mean, for all we know, this could be some sort of analyst talking about the system.
I don't know.
Let's see here.
It's according to three separate development sources that have seen the new PSP.
and they're saying that it's gonna have a touch sensitive area on the back of the unit behind the screen which is weird if you think about it I mean that's just awkward I mean if I'm gonna control a game and the touch screen's on the back unless it like flips over or something so you can do like touch screen type games like the DS or something but I don't know
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandre.com, Odd1 says, I hope they keep the online functionality of the device.
Podcasting, decent web browsing.
Shit was kind of cash, you know?
And SD cards, yeah.
I kind of agree.
PSP's biggest strength wasn't necessarily the games that were on it, but the fact it was kind of an all-in-one type of thing.
I mean, minus the phone, but you don't need a phone there.
They had their advantage definitely there, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and that's about it that's all you really need to do as far as controls go because the control system you know scheme is pretty much the same thing that's on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 and it works well you don't need to add some touch screens to it hell if you want to make the screen a touch screen or something that's fine you know so you can type and stuff a lot easier than you know the phone dialing type thing that they had going with it
that would be fine if you just make the screen a touch screen for that kind of stuff because people dig that and if you want the control scheme for different casual games that would be fine but I don't think they really need to reinvent the controls for the system itself it's pretty good
Alright, well we'll see what happens.
I would imagine if there is going to be a new PSP, probably not going to hear anything about it until next year's E3.
They're saying it's expected to launch at the end of 2011.
Makes sense because you have the 3DS coming out in the beginning of 2011.
We'll see what happens.
Maybe it'll do 3D on top of all that.
Doubt it.
We'll see.
Alright, by the way, before I get into my next story, I do want to bring this up, because somebody in chat had actually talked about, let's see, it was a little while ago here, but talking about the gaming marathon, or the marathon we were talking about doing over Labor Day weekend, TigerClaw in our chatroom says, seems like a good idea for those of us in the West Coast, or for those in the West Coast, but for the East Coast, it would be enormously late for us.
I actually got a message right after that from Bobby Blackwolf, who does the show before us, telling us he's actually going to be out Labor Day weekend.
so that means there's going to be no programming on All Games Radio at all on Sunday because DragonCon is that same weekend and PAX so we'd only be going up against PAX and DragonCon just that?
I think there's a lot of people listening to our show though that aren't able to afford to fly out to Seattle or Atlanta so I'm sure there'll be an audience for it if we want to do it so we'll see we'll have to see what happens
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Except it's Goldeneye with Daniel Craig, which is a little weird, but it is still somewhat of the same game that you should know of before.
Well, what's pretty cool is that when the game comes out, they're going to be releasing a bundle that actually comes with a classic controller.
So if you want to spend $70, or $69.99 to be exact... It's actually a classic controller pro, by the way.
Oh, that's right, because they have the... What's the difference?
A classic controller pro... It's got the little grippies on it.
Yeah, there's a little bit of extra stuff.
But also, not just the fact that it's pro, but it's gold.
Get it?
Golden eye?
Gold?
Golden Wii.
Ha!
Wii is golden.
Golden Wii.
So if you want to get a golden controller... Well, there isn't actually a golden Wii.
Just a golden classic controller pro for your white Wii or your black Wii.
Does it tell you to drink more water if you buy it?
I don't... Sorry.
Don't lick it.
Alright.
Don't lick the golden Wii.
No release date announced outside the United States, so if you're in another country, you may not be getting this at all, but you know what?
Usually it's the other countries that get all those games.
Not the games, the different colors and things for their systems before we do, so you can wait on this one.
I don't know, it sounds cool.
I already have a classic controller.
I mean, I might not be pro with grippy things, but I don't think I need a second one.
Heck, my Wii still isn't even hooked up, although, shit, Metroid's out.
Today?
Was it today or next week?
It's next week.
Well, actually, no, I take it back.
It's not next week.
It's the week after next.
Or wait, no, it is next week.
It has to be next week.
It was last week, August.
I keep forgetting.
The intro to that, the little trailer that was up is gorgeous.
It looks awesome Hope that Oddjob isn't so much of a cheap bitch
I actually played as Oddjob, and he was an awesomely cheap bitch.
Awesome.
Dan and I watched this video that's like the top ten dick moves to pull in a game, and one of them is playing Oddjob in Deathmatch and Goldeneye.
Okay, now, I don't remember why.
Why is he a cheap bitch?
Because he's short.
It's like when he's right up on you, you can't shoot him.
You have to aim low to shoot.
But the hat toss thing is the best thing ever.
It really is.
There's a shoe, honestly.
Can I interject something real quick?
Absolutely.
When we were in Reno at the hotel, I noticed that the direct-to-your-room streaming for video games is N64 games, which is just so backwards and weird to me.
I don't know why.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So like too many people can't play it at once?
Since I'm on eBay right now, they do sell those systems sometimes.
I don't remember what they're called, but they're really expensive and they have like a bunch of different 64 games in there that they can stream.
Just while Loki's looking at that, in our chatroom at chat.orange.com, some of the chatters are talking about Netflix on the Wii and a lot of folks using the Wii for Netflix.
Isn't that the LodgeNet Nintendo 64?
Yes.
Yeah, that's it.
Wow.
That the Wii is a good bedroom gaming console and that a lot of people can get Netflix in their bedroom with that.
You do need a disc for that.
There's no Netflix channel at this time, but some folks kind of talking about that.
Looking at a comment from Odd1 in chat asking, does Goldeneye have online play?
I believe it does.
I believe the new one on the Wii will have online play, but no voice chat.
You just have to double opt in with your 45 digit friend code.
Pretty much.
Kind of what you're used to in the games.
Yeah, I love that.
No voice chat, despite the fact we made this accessory that we don't really use at all.
Go Nintendo.
Awesome.
Alright, so going on, DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
Well, you know what's better than a Nintendo 64?
Lots of things, actually.
Peanut Butter's better than a Nintendo 64.
Mario Kart 64 was fucking awesome.
Dreamcast!
Peanut Butter is awesome.
Dreamcast is pretty awesome.
Guess what?
They're still making games.
I had these coconut M&M's today that were delicious.
I had mocha M&M's.
They were actually better than a Dreamcast.
I have Mocha M&M's and they're pretty damn good.
I mean, you can't lick a Dreamcast, but... Well, you could, but it wouldn't be very tasty.
Avoid the warranty on that.
Unless you're Jessica Chopin.
Anyway.
Is that who licks the PSP?
Red Spot Games, you know, they put out The Last Hope and Wind and Water Puzzle Battles and Rush Rush Rally Racing.
They're doing more Dreamcast games.
They want to do more and more and they're actually trying to see if companies will release their games on the Dreamcast.
so they've got another release planned for next year but to supplement any losses they've actually to supplement their costs they're actually reproducing games for WiiWare and Xbox Live Arcade too
Yeah, I was going to say they should talk to Sega since they're going to be doing those Dreamcast games on live already.
Yeah, when?
Soon.
Oh, that's right.
They did have Crazy Tax 83, so it's happening.
Well, and the guy behind it, he totally wants Sega to start producing for the Dreamcast again, which I kind of think isn't going to happen.
What could possibly make you think that?
Maybe because they've said themselves the Dreamcast is over.
Yeah.
Also, yeah, who's going to produce new Dreamcast hardware?
How long is it before the patents are up on those things and then all the, you know, Korean and Chinese knockoff systems can come out like the Nintendos?
The patents are up on the old school Nintendos and you see all these new Nintendos coming out that are, you know, they don't have the blow on the cartridge problem or any of that stuff.
I mean, it's all kind of different now.
I want the Famicom Disk System personally.
I think there's one out there that plays NES and Genesis games.
I want to say I saw.
I have something that'll do that.
I have an NES and I have a Genesis.
They have a Genesis one.
And I have a PC.
The portable Genesis one.
They have, of course, a portable Nintendo one.
I have a portable Genesis.
It's called a Nomad.
I want to say it's about 20 years.
Because I have a feeling the Super Nintendo one's going to lapse really soon.
It already has.
They have Super Nintendo systems out there.
Do they really?
Yeah.
Wow.
Hurry up and give me my new duo LTs and I'll be happy.
But it would be interesting, I mean, not to deviate too much from the topic at hand, but even if Sega didn't want to do the Dreamcast themselves, license, you know, before the patent lapses, if they're just going to sit on it, let someone else develop a Dreamcast.
I honestly think the Dreamcast games are still pretty solid.
You're cut out for some reason.
Okay.
I think the Dreamcast games are still pretty solid.
I mean, I've gone back and wanted to play stuff up.
I was talking to Dan today about
because, well, you know, I'm still kind of hot.
I think you're cut out again.
I'm holding the thing in.
I'm telling you, we're not hearing you.
Well, I'm still wanting to play Sonic Colors when it comes out.
So I've been like, let's play Sonic Adventure.
So.
All right.
Well, we'll see how successful this venture is.
It was also really easy to pirate Dreamcast games, so we'll have to see how successful this venture is.
And hey, even if you couldn't get the game to burn right, you'd always get a great soundtrack.
True.
And those games that that company's putting out, they are out there.
For piracy reasons.
Why am I not surprised?
I just run them on my cabinet at home because I have a Dreamcast simulator on there.
So, you know, Fresh Rush Rally or whatever is pretty awesome.
And I don't know where to buy that game.
Not that I would anyways.
It's like 40 bucks.
40 bucks for a Dreamcast game?
Nowadays?
No.
Anyhow, so it's kind of funny.
Apparently, Microsoft got this great idea, excellent idea, that they're going to digitally distribute review copies of Halo Reach to the press or press people or whomever they have that they're distributing this to.
and it's available in a games on demand format through live in fact some people found it actually on the marketplace for 99,999 Microsoft points which is just you know it's just that's not showing up at the console right that's some website trick actually showing it showing up on the website
and you know obviously even if you did have the $1,250 to purchase the game it would let you purchase the game unfortunately though even though it did come up on there someone found a way to download it and then people found a way to crack it and now it's leaked out there thanks to Microsoft
GameTutorial.com GameTutorial.com GameTutorial.com
They originally downloaded it and then they're like, ha ha, we have it, we're not going to share it with anybody.
And somehow their copy leaked out to somebody else that was less scrupulous than they were and sent it out to the community and everybody figured out how to crack it immediately.
That website got it legitimately?
No, they found a way to hack the live server or whatever to download it without actually having to have the code and stuff.
So they did that and...
Yeah, so it's not too good for Microsoft.
And of course, they're investigating how people are able to get this.
Once it's on the internet, it's out there.
That's a really bad one to lose, too.
I mean, I'm surprised that they didn't test this on not so much of a AAA title.
They did it with Crackdown 2, apparently.
It's on there like that.
But it didn't matter with Crackdown 2, because that got leaked out a week or two before it was actually released.
This has been leaked out, what, three weeks before it comes out?
And the format that they've broken down to now, because Games on Demand packages are basically how you install a game onto your hard drive or something like that.
It's that format.
or if you download it from their service it's the same format but you're just downloading it and it's signed to your console but consoles out there that are hacked with JTAG basically they can run pretty much anything and there's a program out there to convert the games on demand packages to ISO or like a disk format and then you just dump all the files on there so that's what they basically did after they cracked the file that was on there.
It's interesting.
Go ahead.
Sorry.
Monty Boggs in our chatroom at chat.org.com says Bungie will ban Hammer.
Actually, kind of an interesting point.
I mean, because this is all being done digitally and these copies are signed, isn't there a way that Microsoft could ban Hammer all the consoles that have this?
Well, yes and no, because yes, they could ban them if they were dumb enough to take them online, but these copies that are out there right now are used on JTAG systems, which are not used for online play.
JTAG systems would get banned anyways if you connected live after about four hours or so.
You would get your console banned.
um so these systems are just meant for playing so what they're doing now is to play online is they're using tunneling services to use system like over the internet to play other people so that's how they're getting around it so they don't care that they can't connect the live because they're gonna oh they use like a like a warp pipe style thing yes exactly so they're using tunneling services um to basically play online and stuff like that so that's not a big deal and also you know they're not really missing out on anything if there's download content because
Is this why we see less and less games supporting System Link?
My mind goes to StarCraft 2 and the LAN thing.
Well, the LAN thing, that's something different.
I think the reason why consoles don't use System Link nowadays is because the games are so sophisticated that they have trouble running them as a server and also running the game at the same time.
It's just not easy for them to do it.
They have to program it efficiently enough to where they can do that.
I wish Grand Theft Auto was System Link because...
We would still be playing our mod game because we wouldn't have to update anything.
So we could have been doing that, but we had to play over live.
Red Dead Redemption was system link, and that's awesome because our internet connection at work sucks.
And so a lot of times we get disconnected from live.
So system link is definitely the way to go.
And also we used to play Saints Row 2, which was a good backup game.
If our live ever went down, we could just play a system link game of that.
and of course Call of Duty and Halo is always supported systemically because of the land play and stuff like that so they're not going to just take it out because of piracy but yeah it kind of sucks they tried to bypass it but unfortunately there's no way around it
I don't know.
All right.
But yeah, I mean, it's tragic, but, you know, that sort of thing happens.
What's also funny, though, actually kind of tying in with the hacking stuff, there was a USB mod chip announced actually for the PlayStation 3 that's going to be released next week.
And apparently this chip kind of works like...
I guess a tool that they have for actual PlayStation repair and stuff like that.
It puts the system into a developer's mode where you can run unsigned code.
And apparently this chip or whatever, the USB card, can be updated.
You can update the firmware on it so that it can never really be locked out from the system.
And also you're going to be able to dump games to your hard drive and run them straight off your hard drive like you could with the PlayStation 2 HD loader and stuff like that.
That's something that would be interesting.
It's called the PS Jailbreak, even though I don't really think it's a jailbreak.
But that will be coming out next week, which will be interesting.
Now, what about – I saw this story on some websites, and the story said, well, we don't know what's going on because they're just showing this running on a debug system, which is they're showing a feature that isn't new for a debug system.
Well, that was that one video that was from –
Don't remember if it was osmodchips.com or something like that.
It's one of the stores that's selling them online.
They were showing it running on their debug system.
But the thing is, the company or whomever that made these chips sent it out to a bunch of different sites to review and test out and stuff like that.
And there were other people that do not have debug systems that were running it and doing the same thing.
Can't Sony patch this out in minutes?
No, because it's the same tool that they use to fix their consoles, so they can't really patch it out because it would fuck up, I think, developer consoles or something like that.
Or if they did, basically what they would have to do is ban a certain USB ID or something like that so that it would detect, okay, this is this card, so we're going to make it so that you can't run this anymore.
but all they can do is they update the firmware on that card and they can change that ID or whatever.
They say that there's no way to ban it and I'd be willing to bet though that
They may patch it and they may fix it again.
It's just like with the PSP or the DS or the Wii or anything.
They put out patches that fix things and fix loopholes, but it may be too hard.
And on the other thing too, what this is supposed to do is it will also disable forced updates, forced system updates.
So, for example, newer software that comes out has the newer system versions and stuff like that.
and you can actually disable it from updating your system so if you're playing offline that won't even be an issue.
I don't know.
It'll be interesting to watch because now the one console system that was the most secure has now just been cracked wide open so it'll be interesting to see.
VidPower in our chatroom says, what is with the term jailbreaking being used for everything that involves hacking?
The iPhones use that term too.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's a clever term and it caught on.
It's a buzzword.
It's trendy.
It kind of makes sense for the iPhone, but it's trendy, so everyone wants to use it now.
I'm thinking about jailbreaking my phone just so I can downgrade the stupid OS.
I hate iOS 4 on a 3G.
Supposedly there's a patch coming, but we'll be waiting, what, two months?
Actually, I just updated the patch on my 3GS, and I've noticed it running a little bit better.
3GSs are different though I know, but I'm saying that could have been it could have included some fixes I'm not going to hold my breath
Diablo 2 Diablo 3 Diablo 4
Torchlight originally they wanted to put Torchlight on Xbox Live Arcade but they actually I guess kind of held off for whatever reason didn't end up doing it but now they're apparently putting serious effort into actually making a console version of Torchlight and it was announced at Gamescom by the Runix CEO Max Schaefer quote we're trying we're talking to Sony and Microsoft and we hope to get that done quickly they want to have it available by the holidays
Just so you know, this game's actually already moved about 750,000 units, so it's already almost sold close to a million, which isn't bad for a game like this that's been mostly digital distribution.
I know I got it on one of those crazy Steam sales, and I'm sure a lot of you guys did as well.
Get it that way.
Piracy apparently has been an issue with this game, unfortunately.
So they can't track how many illegal copies are going on out there.
But seeing as Torchlight 2 is going to be multiplayer, and especially if this does go to Xbox Live and so forth, they'll have that to think about.
They'll be able to track that a little better.
There's also a Torchlight MMO happening at some point.
So we'll see.
It'll be interesting, though, if Torchlight goes to Xbox Live and PSN because it's only single player.
One of its biggest drawbacks is there isn't really multiplayer in it.
That's why they're doing Torchlight 2.
And a lot of the games on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network really thrive on a multiplayer environment.
Not all of them.
Like, what, Mega Man 9 isn't really multiplayer?
There's other stuff out there that doesn't have to be multiplayer.
But...
It would be very cool to have a Diablo-style game on Xbox Live, I think.
I don't know.
What do you think?
You're a fan of Torchlight, right, Alan?
What do you think of this game moving to the consoles?
Whatever will help it get a larger audience so that if the MMO does come out, it'll succeed, then I'm all for it.
All right.
Let's move on to some more gaming news, then we'll get to some release dates, DarkSakura.
Well, you know how some places have these archaic laws on their books?
Like, in Alabama, it's illegal to walk around with an ice cream cone in your back pocket.
Did you hear that?
Now I want to go and just do it.
I don't know if you can walk around with an ice cream cone in your backpack.
It would crunch.
It's possible, but it'd get soggy.
Well, the city of Beacon, New York has one that says that there can't be pinball tables.
They're illegal there.
And now they're enforcing it.
They've shut down a...
They shut down a retro arcade.
And, you know, them darn kids.
You might have to switch mics.
The Mayor of Beacon said it was about noise.
That people complained about the noise and blah blah blah blah blah.
And so they said we'll just use this law as a convenient excuse to enforce the noise thing.
Which is bull.
I mean seriously?
Noise?
Noise?
I would actually like to see what other businesses are around the people that supposedly complained.
So... I'd like to... You know, I think it was on CNN or one of the news channels.
They were actually showing this place, and it actually looked kind of cool.
And I'm thinking, like, I've never heard of this town until this happened, but...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, he's shooting himself in the foot.
And the guy's saying, oh, we tried to help them save their business and find them other locations and use decibel tests to be objective and blah, blah, blah.
It's just crap.
That's unfortunate.
Yeah.
The loudest thing that happens when I play pinball is when I miss and I go, god damn it!
And I'm just yelling at the table.
Do you think maybe that's what happened there?
Was just an outbreak of people saying, god damn it, shit!
Yeah.
If they had good carpeting, it would have totally muted the noise.
There used to be that, there was a little tiny arcade out in Roseville called Supercade years and years ago run by this old gentleman that sadly he got put out of business.
But he was in the middle of a strip mall.
He had tons of pinball games and arcade games and he never got noise complaints or what have you.
There's people that own retro arcade tables and have them out in the Galleria in a hallway.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
So in the Danos.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, let's start to travel the world and take a look at some release dates.
And hopefully these games will not be banned in your local city.
Yes, not a whole lot coming out this week, but there's some pretty good stuff.
Let's just start with the stuff.
Not necessarily good stuff.
Martian Panic from Zoo Games.
It's a generic arcade shooter game available with a neon green shotgun or by itself.
It does, of course, on the Wii.
Nancy Drew, Secrets Can Kill 2010.
Coming out on PC.
Um, Elemental War of Magic on PC as well from Stardock.
Um, oh god, I forgot this was coming out.
Uh, because someone thought it was a great idea to put Grease the Musical, um, or like the sing-along version of it, I guess, in theaters, there's Grease the Video Game coming out on Wii and DS, where you can sing and dance with the cast of Grease in their cartoony form.
Fun.
Um,
this is pretty cool Gunblade NYC and LA Machine Guns a game I seriously played tons of back in QZAR days coming to the Wii as well for a wonderful $30 retail price just like that House of Dead 2 and 3 collection it should be pretty fun gotta go back and play Ghost Squad some more man that's some fun stuff Elemental War of Magic the limited edition will also be coming out this week as well
Mafia 2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and PC this week.
That game from 2K.
Harvest Moon Grand Bazaar on DS this week.
Here's a game for Rob.
Hello Kitty Online coming out on PC this week.
Wait, I thought this had been out for a while.
Well, apparently it's a disc version of the game.
It might have been just digital before.
NHL 2K11 on the Wii coming out this week.
Ivy the Kiwi on DS and Wii this week.
The Bachelor, The Video Game
Thanks for watching!
Um, yeah, The Bachelor video game is eventually going to come out at some point, then making way for probably more crappier games.
Oh, actually, no, it's making way for more crappier games like Survivor and Minute to Win It.
And pretty much any game show that's on TV now is going to have a game based on it.
And it's going to be on the Wii.
because that's what they do.
Battlefield Bad Company 2, the Ultimate Edition, re-released with a bunch of download content and fun download content for Battlefield 1943 as well.
Or 1942, I don't remember which game it is.
Anyways, that's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Ghost Pirate of Vuju Island Camp Rock The Final Jam
Ace Combat, Joint Assault on PSP, Valkyria Chronicles 2 on PSP as well.
A game called Cosmos Chaos on the DS.
Of course, the big one this week, Metroid Other M coming out on the Wii.
And...
And I believe that's it.
Oh, no, there's a couple other crappy games here at the very end.
Farmtopia on the DS, my first dollhouse on the DS, and Prison Tycoon Alcatraz on PC.
Prison Tycoon Alcatraz, wow.
Chat.orange.com, more comments from the chat room.
Breakman in our chat says, yay, Amazing Race.
Wait, what's the Amazing Race?
It's a TV show here, and I thought they had it in other countries, maybe not.
DarkSakura.com
It's a show.
And let's see.
Chat.orangesauce.com, more comments.
Where's the mole game?
Asks Frisbee.
Excellent question.
That was the best reality show they ever did.
Monty Boggs says, how come Big Brother Wii doesn't sound appealing to me?
Ha ha ha.
Because you're not trashy.
They still may do that.
I mean, if you think about it.
If the Survivor game sells, why not?
They had, was it America's Top...
Do they have America's Top Model?
I think they do.
They had America's Top Model and... What other crappy games did they have?
Wipeout, they had a thing for that.
I get Minute to Win It because they're just going to do Wii versions of all those stupid games they play on that show.
Let's go to Target, the game, and buy paper cups and ping pong balls.
It's like...
Pay somebody a million dollars to do the tricks I'm surprised they don't have a home game yet I believe it's coming out If it's not already out
It's not hard to do a home version a minute to win it.
Go to the dollar store.
Exactly.
Dollar store the game.
SSG100 Matt says, Robin Allen should be on The Amazing Race.
Them or Robin Jamie?
Actually, I don't know how Allen feels about being on network TV like The Amazing Race, but I gotta say me and my friend Victoria have been talking about it for at least two years.
How badly we need to go on The Amazing Race.
And I don't drive and there's usually, you know, you have to get into like a Jeep and one person does something while the other person drives and I couldn't do that.
My favorite task I ever saw in The Amazing Race was when they were in Thailand and they had to get in these taxis but they're karaoke taxis and they actually had to sing Thai karaoke songs from point A to point B or whatever but they were actually singing with women in the backseat but they were actually female impersonators and some of the teams didn't even catch on to it that they were singing with Taiwan Asian female impersonators.
Was there like a bro team asking for their number?
I think there was you know if there was they showed it on TV but the challenge cracked me up because it was I do for Xenocore they do need a supermarket sweep game I thought there was one a while ago a supermarket sweep game like on PC or something yeah yeah
I love that game.
Watching that on, what was it, Lifetime?
Also, Press Your Luck.
There is a Press Your Luck game on Wii.
And I think there's another one coming out this year, too.
Yeah, there's Press Your Luck, A Price is Right.
There's a new Wheel of Fortune game, New Jeopardy.
A lot of those games, a lot of those game shows are actually out.
I don't know how good they are, but I seem to remember X-Link called into the show some time ago, and he's told me about it since then, that the Press Your Luck game is surprisingly not bad.
I mean,
You get what you pay for, right?
I mean, if you buy a Press Your Luck game, you know exactly what game you're buying.
It's not a big surprise.
So it's just, you know, is it responsive?
Do the questions repeat after playing it three times?
That's all you really need, right?
You know what you're buying when you buy the Press Your Luck home game.
Alright, let's get to the Japanese release dates.
Enough about game shows.
I could talk all day about game shows.
I love game shows.
But let me get to some, in fact, I would love to see the Sherry Shepard version of the newlywed game because you know she's going to make a great host, I think.
I was going to comment about the American Next Top Model game.
Didn't sell well because no matter what you did, Tyra got a better score than you and then she yelled at you.
So that didn't sell well.
So here's a question, though.
What would happen if you had Tyra play the America's Top Model game?
Now, would it go into an infinite loop like, you know, the Tic-Tac-Toe game in War Games?
You know, would it do that?
If she still had her show, she would have used this opportunity to see, now me, and here's my game.
I had so much fun recording this.
I had so much fun doing my game because, you know, the Tyra show really was the Tyra show.
It was about Tyra.
Like she could have on these like starving, she'd be doing a whole show on anorexia and bulimia and one time she'd be like, I just, I remember this one time when I was at a restaurant and I didn't want to eat what was in front of me and I found that to be so hard.
Yeah, I cried that I had the salad and it was very devastating to me emotionally.
Yeah.
Let's go to Japanese release dates.
Kane and Lynch 2 Dog Days comes out on the 26th on the Xbox 360.
Hip hip hooray.
That is a Japanese release, so I don't know if they fully localized it or what, but that is coming out.
They're actually played by dogs now.
Now that I buy.
That would make the Kane and Lynch series like ten times better.
If it was like a buddy dog movie.
A gritty crime drama with canines, dogs, you know.
Hold down R2 to scoot your butt, you know.
Alright, on the Playstation 3, Kane and Lynch 2 Dog Day is also coming out over there No word if you can, you know, press R3 to poop Agarest Senkei Zero, Compile Heart Selection comes out as well I don't know if this is, I'm imagining it's some type of compilation It's the record of the Agarest Wars, I believe Or at least maybe a sequel to it, the one where you can breed It is a prelude to Agarest Zenki, so it is actually a prequel Okay, so it's a prequel to the breeding game Yes, so there you go You have to breed to create the new game, yeah
That has something in common with the dog game then.
Let's see, moving to... Man, Nintendogs would be so much cooler if they gave the dogs guns.
Don't you think?
Would they have a game like that?
I forget.
This got brought up at my work the other day too.
Someone said, it would be even cooler if dogs had guns on their back.
Yeah, but they've done that.
It's metal...
Metal Max or something is what it's called like Metal Saga was what it came out over here and they have like you know literally dogs with artillery cannons on their back like ridiculous stuff it's awesome coming out on the Wii in Japan oh I talked about this last week but this is the week it's coming out on the 26th Twinkle Queen comes out on the Nintendo Wii what kind of game do you think Twinkle Queen is Alan?
I don't know but I'm still waiting for my royalty check
I think it's Twinkle Starsprites.
So is Carmen Sandiego coming back?
I don't think it's those type of PC games.
I don't think of laid back and tea drinker as the same.
I think of, you know, tight assed and, you know, ramrod straight back tea drinker being proper.
Character themes and other background music will be imported from the originals and rearranged for Twinkle Queen.
A maximum of four players can play the game at a time.
So I love it.
It's PC games, but it's coming out on the Wii.
So go figure.
I'm looking at the screenshots and I don't see Carmen Sandiego, but I do see a lot of scantily clad women.
Oh, that's Katamari Damacy.
That's the queen from Katamari Damacy.
She's there.
I think you'd be laid back if your tea was laced with something.
Isn't that the queen from Katamari Damacy?
Yes, it is.
Is this a Romco Bandai game?
Is it?
No, it's from Milestone.
Maybe they licensed it or something.
I swear that looks like the queen from Katamari no Ashi.
No, she's wearing a kimono.
So was it a fighting game?
It's probably something behind her head.
Interesting.
That's not her.
Oh, well.
That picture.
Chicks beating each other up.
I mean, you know, we haven't seen that before.
Well, actually we have.
Nah, it's a joke.
You've seen it tons of times, that's why I'm joking.
Alright, anyhow, moving on to the handhelds.
There's nothing on PlayStation 2, just so you know.
On the Sony PSP, Ace Combat Joint Assault, Hakioki Zusoruku Portable comes out this week from Idea Factory.
I don't know what this game is.
This is an adventure game that...
Mon Huniki, Poka Poka, Ailu Mura Poka Poka
That's coming out from Capcom.
I'm trying to see what game it is, if it's something we would know here.
You guys recognize this game?
They look like the characters from Animal Crossing, don't they?
Hold on, hold on.
This is like a PSP version of Animal Crossing.
No, it's not.
It's the little, I think, ASCII cat people.
They kind of look like Doraemon, a little bit.
A little bit.
But no, they have ears.
Interesting.
Interesting.
quickly on the DS sorry I'm taking a long time here I want to get through this quickly on the Nintendo DS nothing really notable that comes out this week unfortunately so just want to make sure I got them all so there you go those are your Japanese release dates let's go to jolly old England and talk about their releases DarkSakura
Well, on the 24th, we have Grease for Wii and DS.
The 24th, we also have Gunblade New York and LA Machine Guns Arcade, which, dude, I'm a big fan of Gunblade New York, for the record.
We also have Ivy the Kiwi.
It's got a question mark at the end, so it's Ivy the Kiwi?
What's going on here?
You have cut out yet again.
Jeez!
Live radio, folks.
We have Ivy the Kiwi.
Kiwi.
Shank.
And on the 25th, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
And Shank again on Xbox 360.
On the 27th, Mafia 2 for PC, PS3, and 360.
Alright.
That's it.
A few more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
Sony has been ordered to pay 5 million yen to a former Sony employee who is named Hiro Kume.
And he invented, I guess, a small optical pickup that was used to read and write discs in the PlayStation 2 and the original PlayStation.
of course he felt that Sony didn't recognize his contributions and he took them to court and he won so that's not bad and it roughly translates to about $60,000 is what he won and he says I thank the court for identifying some of my contributions to the company but the company should have appreciated my contributions when I was an employee
Ouch, scathing a little bit.
Speaking of lawsuits, this guy, Craig Smallwood apparently is his name, sued the makers of Lineage.
He wants basically them to fess up to the fact that their game is too damn addicting, in so many words.
He says that Lineage 2 specifically is so addicting that he is, quote, unable to function independently in usual daily activities such as getting up, getting undressed, bathing, or communicating with family and friends.
Apparently he played the game for 20,000 hours.
between 2004 and 2009 that's like literally half of every single day playing Lineage 2 hmm apparently it's negligence and gross negligence there we know it's interesting Bobby was talking about this story on his show too and he found through some other resources I guess that the guy was actually running a gold farming service in this game and that's because you'll notice it says he played for 20,000 hours between 2004 and 2009 doesn't really point out why he stopped
So is he really addicted to the game, or is he just a jilted gold farmer?
I don't know.
Yeah, it seems like a combination of, I don't know, OCD that could be a legitimate situation that he was in, but also he had, I guess from when we were listening to Bobby Blackwolf's show, he had three accounts that he was using to gold farm.
Maybe he realized that his return on investment was so much better the more
I have to play 12 hours a day because then I'll make $100 this week.
That could be it.
Let's just assume that wasn't even all a factor.
Let's just assume that's off the table for a minute here We're just talking about somebody suing the makers of the game they've become addicted to because their game is too addicting I mean, really?
Does that mean I can sue McDonald's because I'm addicted to Chicken McNuggets and they made me fat?
They've tried, people have tried Really?
What a country
I know, it's ridiculous.
The whole thing is coming down to lack of self-control.
I love Star Trek Online.
You know how much I love the damn game.
Guess who doesn't stay logged into it for more than two hours at a time?
That would be me.
Even if my friends in the UK are on, I log off.
As much as I love talking to them.
You know, when I was playing Ragnarok, maybe I would leave it on to vend, but I would walk away from my computer.
You know, it's addiction.
Well, not really addiction.
There's no...
Now the only thing that I could remotely say that this has any kind of physical effect is, this is getting into a little bit of chemical psychology, is what stimulates the pleasure centers of the brain.
And that does become addicting.
You know, for example, love has the same effect in the brain that cocaine can.
You know.
And that's the only way I can see any kind of addiction possibly forming.
But that's where the self-control comes in.
It may be hard, but you have to take some time for yourself.
Get away from the game.
I don't know what Lineage 2 has in place.
It's not a game I've played.
I don't think it's as popular.
I played it at E3 a few years ago and have a can of Coke in my vault.
Oh, was that the game that gave away the soda?
Hold on.
This was years ago.
I think I remember it now.
It wasn't a bad game.
I haven't.
It's way more popular in Asia than it is here.
In fact, when I say way more popular, I mean like, you know, WoW is the US game, obviously.
Lineage and Lineage 2 are like twice that, what it is here.
Yeah, I recognize the art style on this can, the character creation, yeah.
But Lineage is a huge game over there.
And obviously, I believe this gentleman lives in Hawaii.
So Hawaii kind of gets a little bit of a blending of both cultures a lot of times.
So Lineage probably has a pretty good fan base there.
I mean, certainly has its players here in the continental US too.
But I don't know.
It's just...
A lot of other games I've played, like WoW, you know, and, you know, I joke that I'm addicted to WoW, but at the end of the day, like, for instance, Alan and I went to Reno this weekend, and we walked away, and believe it or not, we're okay.
We're gonna run our daily the minute we get home.
There have been times in WoW where it's like, you know, maybe midnight, 1am, I've done my daily and my daily rep whatever BS, and I'm not tired yet, but I'm just on my mount doing laps around Dalaran, and I'm not really playing.
I'm like, what am I doing right now?
I'm in WoW.
I have nothing to do.
I should just log off.
And I've had moments where I just have to make myself sign off because I'm not playing.
Because I've done that, but it's because I'm chatting with people.
I'll be running laps in Dalaran, but I'm also chatting.
Well, I'll be reading trade or whatever, but it's like, yeah.
There's nothing morally redeeming about trade chat.
Yeah, it's like 4chan, but in WoW.
Pretty much.
But WoW, when you log in... Well, I don't remember if WoW has it when you log in, but at least I know some of the tip screens say... Loading screen, yeah.
Some of the loading screens will say, remember to take everything in moderation, including Warcraft.
I remember that.
Final Fantasy XI had a disclaimer.
You had to click every time.
Don't forget your friends, family, or work.
You know, this whole little spiel.
Every two or three hours?
No, every time you logged into the game, you had to click it.
Yeah, I remember that.
But, I mean...
It really does come back.
I can be on AIM and get caught up in a conversation with somebody.
That's one thing.
I could be online reading news articles and get caught up in reading.
Or I do it with Wikipedia all the damn time.
But the whole thing is to catch yourself, to make reminders.
When you notice the time...
Then, oh crap, I've gone on too long.
You know, I'll have to check this later.
You know, I don't really think, I think that maybe going like an hour or two over when you decided, you know, that you wanted to stop.
That's kind of understandable.
Getting caught up is human nature, but to make a habit of it and to play to the exclusion of all else, that's when it gets unhealthy.
Well, again, I don't know if he's going to be very successful suing the makers of the game because he couldn't control himself.
I just think it would set a horrific precedence.
We could sue anything that had a negative effect on us.
You have to have some self-control.
It's just kind of sad that the judge wouldn't throw it out, but nope, the judge actually is allowing the case to proceed.
That should be interesting.
You know why I would think it would be a good idea to let a case like that proceed?
So he's struck down.
Setting legal precedence.
I can see that.
Let's see.
Xenocor in our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com says, Lineage 2 is an Unreal Engine converted grinding piece of shit.
Or POS.
I'm assuming meaning piece of shit.
TigerClaw says, You know, StarCraft 2 can be quite addicting.
The other night I was playing it late at night and by the time I stopped it was like 5am in the morning.
Yeah, a lot of video games.
I mean, StarCraft I've heard of tons of addictions.
Well,
you know addictions of varying degrees stories of that but there's I'm sure there's lots of video games even Jamie has talked about when you were in high school or college you stayed out for a week to play Final Fantasy 6 granted I did have the flu legitimately but all I did was play Final Fantasy it was Final Fantasy 3 6 over in Japan that's the only game I've ever you know played while I was that sick
I played a lot of Final Fantasy 7 when I was supposed to be in college.
I'd skip class from time to time to watch Sailor Moon or play Toshinden.
I mean, and when my friend had his, he had a Saturn before everybody else because he imported it.
And I stayed up all night playing the damn Gundam game and King of Fighters.
But that's one time, you know.
DarkSakura, what should the kids be worshipping this week?
The game is called Recca.
And this game was made for the Summer Carnival in 1992.
It's a very limited printing of it, but it's amazing for a NES game.
This is some music.
So you see, it's got a pretty rad soundtrack for a NES game.
All I hear are the bullets.
I've got the soundtrack to this.
But now, the game itself is probably one of the, I would say, earlier games that could be considered bullet hell.
Really, I think it could be.
I mean, you see who in the chatroom got freaking excited was one of our bullet hell fans.
Um...
But RECCA is pretty damn hardcore.
I mean, we've got ROMs of it.
You can actually buy... Let me get the site again.
I think it was reccanes.net You can buy reproduction cartridges to play on US systems.
Which is pretty cool.
But the game, what makes it really special is that it is one of the...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It looks really amazing.
The framerate for a NES game, even on the YouTube, it's blazing fast.
I'm really impressed by this.
It really does play that fast.
The game itself was published by Naxxast Soft, that's N-A-X-A-T, in 1992, like I said, for the Summer Carnival.
It is a side-scroller.
It has...
Yeah, and, um...
And the soundtrack for it is freaking amazing.
The other things that you have with this, too, is that instead of having bombs, that when you stop shooting, you can build up a power surge and deflect incoming fire.
And then if you charge a long time, then it'll clear the screen the way a bomb would do.
It's really hard to do that, though, because you can see how fast the enemies come at you.
And look at the effects in the background.
I mean, that's very, you know, looks almost Mode 7-ish, I should say.
And this was before there was such a thing as Mode 7.
It has a normal score attack and time attack.
It's single player only.
Um...
The game is cool.
You've got five primary weapons and then five optional weapons.
So you get different power-ups and you can shoot different ways.
It's just really, really amazing.
But it's the typical story, you have to fight off the aliens, blah blah, save the Earth.
and I think that Rekka is just a freaking cool name for a game that needs a blazing fire.
But the official name is Legend Consumer Series Summer Carnival 92 Rekka.
and good luck freaking finding it.
I just even love that idea of flying up the tunnel and then flying back down.
You just don't see that in a lot of shooters, at least that I can think of.
In fact, shooters are almost always ship is on the bottom and you're moving your way up.
Or you're fully side.
You rarely ever see it the other way around where you're flying at the top of the screen and you're moving down.
You know the only other game that I've seen some kind of innovation for the standard side-scrolling shooter was that same Gundam game that was on the Saturn back in the day when it came out.
Because you had three planes.
You were in the middle ground, but you had foreground and background enemies to fight too.
And now this here is stationary.
Not just that as a non-standard shooter, but I always think of, of course, this game.
We never talk enough about it here on Orange Lines Radio.
One of the most underrated NES games they ever made, The Guardian Legend, was half shooter and a decent shooter at that, and then half Zelda-ish game.
In fact, if we do end up doing our little Labor Day marathon, I think we should just play the shit out of that game and beat it.
Dude, I'm all for it.
I'm all for it.
But yeah, see that right there, though, is an example of the charging move.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Hitstun in our chatroom is saying that Legend Consumer Series only applies to the soundtrack.
It's just Summer Carnival 92, Rekka.
Cut out.
What?
The soundtrack is worth having.
I found it actually to download somewhere.
So, speaking of the soundtrack, go get it.
The music is really sweet.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Rekka, or if you want Summer Carnival 92 Rekka, for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Good luck finding that, although it does sound like you can get the reproduced cartridges, if nothing else.
Yeah.
Somebody get me one.
That's going to do it for Part A here at Orange Lounge Radio, but we're not done yet.
We've got more news coming up in Part B. We're going to talk a little bit about Rock Band 3.
Talk a little bit about Dance Central, too.
Lots of music game news.
We're going to talk about a new drawing tablet on the Wii.
Talk, of course, a little bit about Doctor Who.
And more hacking news.
And also, ways to cut the lines at PAX.
I'm very interested to see what the chatters think about this story.
We're going to be getting to this, your emails, your Twitter topics, and much more, your phone calls when we come back here at the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, August the 22nd of 2010, where we are taping live the 378th episode of our show.
Yeah, it's been about eight and a half years.
So there you go.
Thanks for watching!
Ticket Spitters, you know, gambling for kids.
I did see a smaller arcade that I never got a chance to actually go into that had a lot of Capcom stuff, like they had MVC2.
Yeah, I remember when we were looking in there, you're like, no, that's my kind of arcade.
Yeah, well, it's like my, you know, I've got 10 bucks.
Is it going to last longer on slots or on arcade games?
So arcade games won.
Ray Ayanami says we should have gone to Atlantis.
What do they have there?
Oh, they probably have really... The problem with a lot of those huge, huge ones, they're not downtown.
So they take, you know... The downtown ones are much easier because they're all kind of in the same city block.
You don't have to get in the car and go, whatever.
Anything else interesting in Reno that you came across?
The fact that it's kind of... I don't want... How can I say this without sounding pretentious?
Just Reno is...
Kind of low budget.
I mean, that's kind of the point.
If you can afford to go to Vegas, you just go to Vegas.
So Reno's really kind of watered down.
We had a hilariously awful dining experience there, which I thought was funny, considering it's this amazing sort of, you know, the El Dorado, Silver Legacy, Circus Circus, it's all one big mall.
They're all connected.
You can just stay in that facility.
So it was after Rocky, and it was around 11.30.
We were all starving and exhausted.
So we sat down, took it, not even kidding, not kidding, 30 minutes for her to take our order, another 35 for our food to arrive.
So we were at the table for about an hour before any food showed up, and I had joked that when we got our receipt for the tip section, we should write in the margin, we put your tip in that slot machine and you should go get it.
Very nice.
I've taken something from my best friend.
She leaves two cents.
Yeah, I've done that before.
I once was in, I think it was in Olive Garden, which is why I don't like going there, where the friend and I that I was with, we left like seven cents.
It was a very specific amount of change to where they knew it was deliberate.
Well, you know, it was hard though in that case.
I really don't like doing that unless it really is clearly this wait person's fault.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So just bear with us.
This is what happens when you tape a show live.
So we're going to disconnect right now.
Ha ha, the live listeners can't hear us right now.
Are there any live listeners you want to talk smack about while we're doing this?
Smack, smack, smack, smack.
All right, let's reconnect.
All right, so we're reconnected, so we'll see if that hopefully helps the problem.
I don't know, but everything otherwise looks good on our end, so it could be on the all games end as well.
I don't know, so we'll see.
Anyhow, let's move on to some rapid fire news and all the quick little things that, you know, if we had a five hour show we could talk more about.
Loki?
Let's start us off.
Let's see.
So, there's some interesting stuff here.
We'll start with, of course, something from Dragon Quest IX.
And there was something you mentioned, Robin.
I don't think it was Dragon Quest.
It was...
Thanks for watching!
Well, anyways, apparently Dragon Quest... I guess this is... Yeah, Dragon Quest IX, there's something you can purchase, I guess.
It's Poof Poof, or Puff Puff.
I guess Puff Puff Performance is a quest you can unlock.
and um apparently Puff Puff is uh interesting because obviously this is an E10 game there is no sex involved but uh Puff Puff I guess is coming I read this it's uh
Pafu Pafu
Funny enough, it's not really her breasts rubbing against his face, but it's two slimes against his face, but still.
Kind of scandalous.
A little bit.
A little bit.
Is that really the sound that makes?
Pafu, pafu?
Is that what they say?
You should ask Victoria.
I don't know.
Jamie, could you come over here for a minute?
Sure.
We have an experiment we need to try.
Okay, we're going to put the microphone right there.
Very Pufu Pufu like.
Boobs, what do you have to say?
They don't say anything.
I see.
They just sit there and look pretty.
Apparently it's in the game and it's funny.
They had a funny video of it as well online and it's very filled with innuendo.
But E10, so it'd be different if it was a mature raid game.
Um...
Red Faction Battlegrounds has been announced for Xbox Live Arcade and the PlayStation Network by THQ Digital.
It is going to be a prequel to Red Faction Armageddon.
And if, I should say, if THQ has it their way, they want to put the game out for free or close to free as possible.
Perhaps as a pre-order incentive for ordering Red Faction Armageddon.
So that sounds kind of cool.
And is expected to come out sometime in 2011.
Probably three or four months before the game is released.
Or Red Faction Armageddon is released.
So that's interesting.
And then finally, if you're a fan of music games, and who isn't, there is a brand new browser-based music game you can check out called Instant Jam.
It comes from Instant Action.
And it's a game that looks very similar to, say, like a Guitar Hero game.
One of those games where you have the no highway and the different things coming down.
Apparently it supports your own music library and it also supports keyboard or USB guitar controllers and allows for in-game music purchases as well through Amazon or iTunes.
I guess it's a version of download content.
There is a beta currently available through Facebook and versions playable through the website and elsewhere will be rolled out soon.
Well, let's move on with some other stories here.
And I want to talk about Speaking Music Games.
Dance Central has some new songs announced for it.
Ten more songs announced this week.
Nelly Furtado with Maneater, Basement Jax with Rendezvous, Benny Benassi with Satisfaction, Nina Sky with Move Ya Body, Cascada with Evacuate the Dance Floor, Pitbull with I Know You Want Me, Calle Ocho.
Is that that?
I know you want me.
I know I want ya.
Sounds like Strong Bad singing.
Fanny Pack with Hey... Too bad it's not the Fanny Pack song.
Camel Toe, but it's Hey Mami.
Mami?
M-A-M-I.
Yeah, Mami.
Mami?
Mami is M-O-M-M-Y.
Depends on if it's a name.
Whatever.
Or another language.
Rihanna has Ponda Replay, Cool and the Gang, Jungle Boogie, Technotronic with Pump Up the Jam, and Kylie Minogue with Can't Get You Out of My Head.
That was a fun song when it was in DDR like years and years ago.
I likes Kylie.
It's cool.
I was going to say there was some other songs as well I can confirm that are going to be in the game.
In fact, I'm looking...
Oh, is that the whole lyric spill thing that happened?
No, no, not even.
More scandalous than that.
No, this is wonderful people that shouldn't be in places that they are.
Are they naughty people that have already gotten copies of the game somehow?
They're naughty people that have gotten copies of the beta that's on PartnerNet.
Oh no!
Of course, they can't play anything because it requires a Kinect camera, but it doesn't mean that they won't know what songs are on there.
And included in there, I'm not sure if these have been already announced, Lady Gaga's Poker Face.
Yeah, it was in the demo.
Lips Inc., Mouth to Mouth, M.I.A., Arlor, No Doubt, Rocksteady, Bell Biv, The Vogue, Poison, and BC Boy's Body Move in the Fat Boy Slim remix.
A few of those were already out there, but I don't remember the MIA song being announced.
That's news to me.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, we'll see what the song list looks like anyway.
I'm sure not too much longer we'll have the full song list announced.
I'll probably give you about 10 songs a week until it's all out there.
Anyhow, how about Toy Story 3?
Yeah, it's not just a movie.
It's a game as well.
The game is out there.
It's on the Wii, I'm sure.
It's also on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3.
In fact, the PlayStation 3 is taking the opportunity of having this unique hybrid premium edition.
So there is actually a new version out there of Toy Story 3 bundled with the original Toy Story movie on a single Blu-ray disc for $64.99 So it's interesting that it's not just like a combo pack but it's actually both things were put onto one disc for $65 Interesting
but sadly it's not both Toy Story and Toy Story 2 otherwise that would be a really killer deal but what about Toy Story 2?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
you can't type in your own stuff you have to use the pre-selected phrases and things that have been selected for you well one of the other things you can do in the game is that you can pick your own car number because of course you're playing race cars so you can have whatever car number you want except for 69 you cannot be car 69 in the cars MMO can you be car 420?
no because the cars only have two digits but you could be car 54 and you could be like where are you?
old joke
So it had the dude that played Herman Munster.
Yep, it did.
There you go.
So yeah, when you're selecting, apparently when you're in the game selecting the number for your car, if you go like, you select each digit one at a time.
So if you select, you know, four, five, seven, then you see one through nine is the next digit.
But when you select six, it only goes zero through eight.
So interesting, huh?
DarkSakura
Well, how about something different, something in the Squeenix direction?
Remember we talked about Gun Loco?
Well, it turns out it's a game about a planet full of criminals.
They're all crazy.
Crazy, crazy, crazy criminals with guns.
And the world's sort of like an earthish ruin type place.
And there's different factions and they're always fightin'.
So it looks completely hilarious.
I think I would really, really like to play it.
All the characters were done by Kenny Wong and basically made toys of everything and then they scanned them into the game.
So that's how the design come about.
So that's pretty cool.
And then for Rock Band, we have the Disturbed Pack.
That's going to be on August 24th, a couple days from now.
The Disturbed Pack has Another Way to Die, Asylum, and The Animal.
And then there's Universal Motown Republic Rock Pack, which is Crash Kings, Mountain Man, The Veer Union Seasons, and We Are the Fallen, Bury Me Alive.
They're also, only one of those is available in Lego Rock Band And that is the Vera Union Seasons And lastly, the big Horkin grocery store chain in England called Tesco You've heard of them, I'm sure No, because they don't have them here Actually, they do Do they?
There's a company called Fresh and Easy That's a Tesco chain in the United States
Oh.
Still, I don't think I've ever been one, but okay.
Tiara told me about them.
Let's just be opening a couple in Sacramento.
But anyway, it's like a big grocery store chain.
Anyway, they are now going to be buying used games.
You will be paid in credit, and then you can buy whatever you need in the grocery store.
So basically they're saying, like for Red Dead Redemption, you'll get a 19-pound trade-in.
Mario Kart for Wii gets 19 pounds.
FIFA 2010 gets 12 pounds, that type of thing.
and then they're going to resell the stores at other outlets and already about 60 Tesco stores accept them
Everybody wants a piece of that industry.
I guess so.
Now when someone says they have to pick between video games and food, if money's hurting, they can literally... They can literally do that.
If I like, I had to give up, you know, Red Dead Redemption, but I got some Top Ramen.
There you go.
Awesome.
All right, let's get into some Twitter topics tonight.
Every week you guys submit us topics at www.twitter.com slash OLR, and we pick a few of our favorite topics and read through them here on the show.
And...
Sadly, I seem to be without my music tonight.
What did I do?
I broke it all.
Well, I guess Twitter topic's canceled because I don't have a theme song.
I blame Rob.
I blame Rob.
Live radio.
You just want to sing the theme song tonight?
Oh, thank God we're all saved.
All right.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Let's see who tweeted us this week here.
Redertainment sends us a tweet.
It says, You mean a game so bad that it's kind of good?
Actually, I'll say this.
There really was.
There was a Rocky Horror Show game.
There was two of them.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There was a CD-ROM based one in the mid-90s for one of the big UK revivals.
Back when full motion video was in every CD-ROM game, they actually had a Rocky Horror Show game there.
But it was released, I think, exclusively in the UK.
So I never played it.
I don't know if people out there did.
But that would be it.
What about a game so bad it's kind of good?
How about not taking the question so literally and a game so bad it's kind of good?
I think about Loki and how he talks about Driver 3 all the time, that it's so terrible that it's actually kind of fun.
Earth Defense Force 2017.
It's a very terrible game, but it's very fun.
I think back in the day for me it was Abydox.
I don't know if I can think of one that I really go, gosh, that game is so bad, but I love it for some reason.
Anything come to your mind, Alan, to think of?
I'm not sure if I'm thinking of terrible or just really difficult, but Battletoads?
I thought of one.
I thought of one.
A game that we actually played on end because it was so awful.
What's that?
Toshinden 3.
It had the butt monkey in it.
Seriously, it had this, like a baboon, so it had the big exposed butt.
And it would fly its butt at people.
And then there was this one guy who his taunt was shooting people.
He could just take damage off by taunting.
Just shoot, bang.
And it was so bad, and the voice acting was so horrible.
And even to this day, when I'm hanging out with Mystique and we see a monkey, we'll go, butt monkey dance, butt monkey dance.
Because he'd dance when he won.
TigerClaw, leave it to him to have the Google Foo skills to find more information.
The Rocky Interactive Horror Show game was released in March-April 1999 for the PC by OnlinePLC.
Similarly to the earlier CRL game, the player plays as Brad or Janet and must rescue their partner from the castle.
Unlike the older computer game, its gameplay was more puzzle-oriented and benefited from the added detail, graphics, and live video sequences that the PC could provide.
Was Frankenfurter in it though?
Because if Frankenfurter's not in it, I mean Tim Curry single-handedly makes that movie.
He does.
The screams of thousands of people when Frankenfurter first shows up in the movie tell me so.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's see other tweets that we have.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Tigerclaw sends us a link about an Italian city that's pissed at Gran Turismo 5.
Now why would you be angry at Gran Turismo 5?
Well, apparently Siena is a city in Tuscany, Italy.
They're very unhappy that one of their, I guess, famous roads, the Piazza del Campo, is actually a race course in Gran Turismo 5's kart mode.
They want it removed in the game.
It's not that the road is in the game or the structures or what have you.
It's also...
I'm trying to see what it is here.
Sorry, when we get things from Twitter, we haven't had a chance to look at them in advance or whatever.
I guess because it's also partially a horse race.
Oh, I see.
The Piazza del Campo is also the name of a famous horse racing track.
So I guess they don't want people to kind of get confused over what's going on there.
So they've sent out a, quote, diplomatic request to Sony to resolve the matter.
This game's coming out very soon, though, so I don't know if it's going to be able to be fixed unless they patch it out because that's how they fix everything these days, right?
Let's see.
I'll read this one too from Tiger Claw.
We give everybody at least two tweets.
So Tiger Claw sends us this tweet.
Disney Online hits a traffic high with 36 million monthly visitors.
Wow.
And they're not... How much are on Facebook?
How much of that's on Facebook?
They don't really get their users through Facebook, do they?
But they do Club Penguin.
You've seen those Club Penguin cards at Target and all those other stores.
That's probably their biggest game there.
They also have Toontown Online, Disney Fairies, Pixie Hollow.
I didn't even know there was a Disney Fairies, Pixie Hollow.
There you go.
So lots and lots of games that Disney has.
They've hit quite a milestone there.
Never played one of them.
I love penguins, too.
I don't know why I've never played Club Penguin, but I just haven't.
DJ Blaziken sends us a variety of stories.
Some of them we're going to be talking about earlier or later.
But this one I don't think goes on our show roll.
This has to do with other Blizzard stuff.
Big things planned for Diablo 3 at this year's BlizzCon.
Apparently there is big Diablo 3 news coming out at BlizzCon this year.
It's going to be split into three games.
No, let's hope not.
I guess this is coming out of Gamescom.
It's the game's director, Jay Wilson, saying, quote, I can say that this BlizzCon, in terms of Diablo news, will be the biggest one that we've ever had.
Well, it's probably because that's the game they're going to focus most on.
Because by that point, we ought to know the release date for Cataclysm.
And it'll be out either just before or just after.
Did they even have BlizzCon back in the Diablo 2 days?
No, they didn't.
Of course it's going to be the one they've had the most Diablo days.
I don't know what the hell that means.
and I'm sure they're going to reveal another playable class in the game.
They say there's only going to be one more, a fifth class, and they've announced all the others.
Cheerleader.
Let's hope.
Maybe they'll release a peripheral for the keyboard like they had on WeCheer.
That would be great.
We'll see what happens.
Yo, what's really interesting though about that is that, you know, with StarCraft 2 having had the digital distribution day one, I bet Diablo 3 is going to have that too.
So I wonder if it's really going to have that big midnight launch or what have you.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Anyhow.
Oh dear, we're getting linked to this by Actdeft, and I just see furries in the title, so I'm worried about this.
He links this to a story from Kotaku that says, Microsoft Kinect supports furries, and it's got a video on it.
Do I want to see this?
We know what you're thinking.
Will Microsoft Kinect read your body when fully encased in a fursuit?
And again, this is coming from Kotaku, I guess.
Yes, and sure enough, somebody is dancing there in a full kitty costume there to Dance Central.
Thank you, Actdeft, for wasting 30 seconds of my life.
I will never be able to get back.
So at DragonCon over Labor Day weekend, they can, you know, they can yiff in the privacy of their hotel rooms or they can get their gaga on.
Yo, Bobby's going to DragonCon.
Bobby, I would like to request... I hope he's still listening.
Bobby, I would really like to request a full furry report on the furry scene at DragonCon.
Sound good?
Bring some Purell.
I'd say bring the candle, I saw.
Dark Kasuke sends us a tweet on Twitter saying that Star Wars Clone Wars open beta open today.
Really?
I did not know that.
A lot of these big games coming out the Christmas season, I guess, are having their betas open up.
What I want to know, when's the DC Universe one open up?
That's the one I really want to play.
Really bad.
And lastly, Alex P. Carson tweets us saying, Does anybody know the official name of the Super Mario version of M.I.A.
Paper Planes that was on the Afterbirth a while back?
Ooh, that's making me think.
There's a website that has tons of chiptunes, and I can't think of the name of it right now, but hopefully somebody in chat will remember.
And we found it on there, and I bet if you search for Paper Planes, you could find it.
There's some huge chiptunes website, and I can't remember the name of it.
Like, it totally escapes me right now.
Somebody in chat will remember what it is.
It's like it's just a bunch of homegrown stuff.
And if you like that, you'll probably like a lot of the stuff that's on there.
So hopefully somebody in chat will shout it out here soon.
If not, I'll Google it in a minute.
I'll find it.
Let me Google that for you.
All right, that's going to do it for Twitter topics tonight.
If you want to send us tweets in the future, twitter.com slash OLR.
In the meantime, while I try to figure out what song that was, Loki.
Yes, this week both the Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock tracklist and Rock Band 3 tracklist were revealed.
And it's interesting because there's definitely a lot of stuff to go over.
so let's start off with Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock and there's going to be 93 tracks I'm not going to go through all of these but some of the ones I thought were interesting Rush 2112 they have all 7 parts of it that's kind of neat I guess let's see what were some of the ones that stood out to me Rammstein they've got a song from them looks like Wade Mann's Heil
Let's see here.
REM, Losing My Religion, Queen, Bohemian Rhapsody.
Of course, both games have that.
It's an awesome song.
By the way, there was a Queen slot machine that I played in Reno and it's the most amazing gambling device I've ever played.
The bonus round, it lets me pick a Queen song and then the game plays itself for free for like a minute while I sit there and listen to Radio Gaga.
It's amazing.
That's cool.
Let's see, what other songs on here?
they've got like actually a bunch of just a bunch of everything there's just about one song from each artist on here some of the ones I actually recognize let's see of course you know they have Deep Purple Burn the Creedence Clearwater Revival Fortunate Son which was a download content from Rock Band 2 Foreigner feels like the first time um
By the way, did you see that video where they confessed up that the Rock Band 3 leak was real, basically?
Yeah, they have the Rock Band full tracklist behind them.
Yeah, that was funny.
Anyway, so yeah, lots of stuff.
The list is out there.
Definitely worth checking out because it looks pretty cool.
And then, of course, Rock Band 3.
We've got... Let's see here.
Lots of things from there.
Their track list is a little bit smaller, but of course you get all the download content from Rock Band 2 and all the tracks from that and anything else you pretty much have bought.
Um...
So, starting off with that, they have Amy Winehouse in Rehab, but I didn't really think of that as a rock song, but okay.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Leonard Skinner, Free Bird Marilyn Manson, The Beautiful People Ozzy Osbourne, Crazy Train I know they had another Rammstein song on here, Du Host Not Pussy Is it in German?
If it's in German that would be great I have to sort of digress
Why not?
That's what we do here on the show.
One of the E3 trips, all the DDR Freak moderators got together and went to the Korean karaoke place and Doohast was on there and we were all singing Doohast in our worst Rammstein German voices.
Doohast mich!
You know.
All that.
It was great.
Nice.
um no please don't stand so close to me they also had uh i hate this song uh smash mouth walking on the sun uh the sounds living in america at least it's not that hey now you're an all-star oh i think that's already in there i think that was in lego rock band i hate that song um
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, I need to know.
Curse of Fears, Everybody Wants to Rule the World.
Lots of cool stuff.
I'm just looking forward to actually being able to play a lot of these songs with the keyboard, which would be really sweet.
I really hope they go back and add keyboard support for some of the old classic download songs.
Yeah, I don't know if they're gonna, but it would be neat.
They really need to, just saying.
Of course, they have Deep Purple, Smoke on the Water.
Probably the better Deep Purple song, if you ask me.
All right.
By the way, just to answer that tweet from a few minutes ago, finally found the answer there.
We're using my Google Foo, and the listener's in chat room and found it already, but just for anybody else who's listening, the artist's name is CSLSX, and the website I was trying to think of, 8-Bit Collective, which is actually a really good website for a bunch of chiptunes.
It's 8, the number 8, not spelled out, actually the number 8, bc.org, and you can get all these NES chiptunes.
Actually, that was the worst possible clip of the song I could play for you guys, but it's not bad.
Go check it out.
THQ is putting out a new game tablet for the Wii.
It's called U-Draw.
It's a 4x6 inch tablet and it's going to be coming out for the Wii.
It will be coming out for $70 and it comes with U-Draw Studio.
It's a drawing, coloring, and art based video game.
Which I think is kind of cool.
It's Mario Paint basically.
And how long have we been saying they need to do Mario Paint on the Wii?
THQ is kind of doing it the way it ought to be done and what I love too is that one of the promotional shots here for the game is somebody who has drawn wait for it I'm trying to bring it up here in studio they've actually drawn on the screen oh damn it's a unicorn somebody drew a unicorn I was going to say a butt but unicorn works too I'm wondering if there wouldn't be some way that they're going to make an adapter to use it on the PC or something because it's definitely cheaper than buying just use a bluetooth adapter
In the end though, I mean, I paid $400 for my tablet and I can use Photoshop.
But Jamie, can you draw that bitch in Unicorn?
I could draw that Unicorn right now.
And I just got a hate on Apple a little bit, but the fact that the Wii has a proper tablet means that it's more of an iPad than the iPad is.
There you go.
I'm drawing a Unicorn right now.
Yay.
Um...
Actually, you know what?
We've been needing new album art for Orange Lounge Radio.
And I'm still waiting on this picture.
Well, I think it should be... You took one of me like years ago.
Anyway, I think we should just have a giant unicorn in the album art.
Speaking of unicorns, and I know I'm a little bit behind in times because I used to check their YouTube feed every now and then.
They have a new Charlie the Unicorn.
Except it's not Charlie the Unicorn, it's...
Charlie T Unicron and it's like these remixed versions of the Charlie Unicorn episodes and it was hilarious because they burned down the forest
Candy Mountain.
All right, anyway.
Some other games that are coming out.
That's not the only game coming out is the Mario Paint-ish clone.
UDraw will also be getting launch games Pictionary, because, you know, we've got to have more of the board games on the Wii, and Dude's Big Adventure.
That's D-O-O-D, like doodle.
Dude.
Dude's Big Adventure.
It's a world where coloring books come to life.
Apparently it's heavily inspired by the game Drawn to Life, which was also a THQ game, so they're just kind of getting themselves there.
I'm sure the next Drawn to Life game will support this as well.
We'll see.
There's your damn unicorn.
Yay!
I can't hold the pen very well to... I can't hold my stylus very well to control my... Can you put a picture of that up on OrangeLaunchRadio.com?
Sure.
Alright, awesome.
I'll try to make it look better.
Okay.
Awesome.
So yeah, UDraw.
I don't know.
Is anyone in here interested in UDraw?
I guess DarkSakura made a pretty good case for it if it would work on the PC.
Nope.
Yeah, I'm not really interested either.
But I do want an iPad.
I think a lot of dinner parties have ended in divorce due to bad rounds of Pictionary.
And I'm glad that that experience can now come to the Wii.
To a whole new generation.
Yeah.
That'll be fun.
DarkSakura, I hate to tear you away from unicorn drawing, but there is more gaming news to be talked about tonight, correct?
The Doctor!
Doctor Who, there's going to be a third game.
Ooh.
Well, a third episode of Doctor Who, the adventure games.
this one's called TARDIS and you get to fly the TARDIS it'll be out on the 27th of August and the whole thing is that you have to explore the entire TARDIS and the TARDIS is freaking big remember, it's bigger on the inside and then you can fly the TARDIS so that's pretty cool you know, it's basically overcoming 40 years of what's it like to pilot the TARDIS in one game
Although really, the TARDIS is meant to be piloted by six people.
It should be a bullet hell game featuring the TARDIS.
The TARDIS can't shoot anything.
That sounds retardous.
Anyway, this one's featuring the 11th Doctor being Matt Smith and Amy Pond played by Karen Gillan, so pretty cool.
and it's free for all you people in the UK.
That's the best part.
Oh yeah, don't we have to pay for it though?
Because the Brits get it subsidized with their television tax or whatever but we have to actually pay for it, huh?
Yeah, we don't have TV tax.
I mean, great that we don't have TV tax.
Although Comcast kind of sends me a TV tax bill every month, but I guess that's a whole other issue.
You know I am going to be ditching cable TV though.
Well, with an HD receiver, I can just go get a good HD antenna for $50 and I can get my basic channels, which is all I watch on cable.
So why am I bothering?
Although I will say cable internet is where it's at.
My internet with them has actually gotten way faster recently.
Now I'm getting about...
I forgot the sparkles.
I did notice a shit ton of new HD channels.
I watched six hours of Ninja Warrior straight one of these days because I had to wake up with Joshua.
He didn't want to go to sleep and I couldn't change it.
He didn't want to watch Ninja Warrior.
I watched Ninja Warrior.
I watched like three seasons of it.
out over here, but
now not so much just because I don't think I have the Japanese one to compare it to anymore the Japanese Iron Chef with the food TV Julie Chan is a judge a lot on Iron Chef America and I love Julie Chan just saying
Wait, what are we talking about now?
You're ditching cable.
The Doctor Who game.
That was it.
We got to the end of it.
So it's all you, Loki.
I'm sorry.
It was all these different tangents and I forgot which one.
I see you shopping on eBay over there.
It's all good.
Yeah, I know.
I don't even know what I'm looking for.
I'm just looking.
Because that's what I do.
One of the things that's kind of funny, we were talking a little bit about different systems being hacked.
Well, something else that Microsoft had hoped wouldn't have been hacked, but it was, was the brand new Xbox 360 system, the S Slim, whatever the hell you want to call it.
Apparently, the mod chip creation group Team Executor has been working closely with Team Jungle, who has created dry firmwares for the original Xbox 360 systems, and Commodore Forever, also responsible for firmwares for those systems and hacking DVD drives.
and now they have figured out a way to be able to patch the DVD-ROM on those new Slim systems to play backups.
So yes, they have now created a new hacked firmware for that.
They just keep trying, but they find ways around it.
But again, if you go online with it, baninated, right?
Um, I'm not sure, because I would assume, yes, eventually you'll probably get banned, but the newer firmwares nowadays, they have Light Touch and stuff like that, are apparently really stealthy, like, it's very hard to detect them, so...
Maybe?
I don't know.
I would assume eventually, yes.
But then again, I have a system at my work that was supposed to be modded, and it hasn't been banned at all.
Then again, we've not played one burned game on it.
We just actually... It's funny, I bought it to replace another modded system, and that's when we decided, hey, you know what?
Let's just play some normal Grand Theft Auto games instead of the modded ones.
We will be playing the modded ones again, but we're not modifying our drive firmware.
We're just doing disk swaps so that...
Even if they did detect that we were playing a modded game, when they look at the system, the drive's not modded.
They can't ban me!
Well, they can, but I would have a fighting chance.
Alright.
You haven't had the opportunity to play around with one of the new 360 models, right?
I don't really care.
I mean, it's neat that they changed the way it looks, and I like how it makes little noises and stuff when you click on the buttons.
And apparently there's some way... Now they're going to have the new sim system with the Halo stuff, and it's going to have some different sound effects for that.
That's kind of neat.
But, yeah, I mean...
I don't know.
It's like I wouldn't need one of these.
But I don't know.
If someone gives one to me, I'm not going to turn down.
All right.
Well, do you like to cut in line at big trade shows?
Or I guess not necessarily a trade show, but big conventions and have everybody hate you?
Well, here you have your opportunity if you are a member of the Gun Club.
It's Electronic Arts, one of their little promotional clubs.
They actually are running a promotion right now where you got an email And if you want, you can skip the line to see Dead Space 2 at Penny Arcade Expo If you have a copy of the email That's right, you can skip the line with a printout of the email And Penny Arcade Expo is coming up in a couple weeks That same Labor Day weekend that we're thinking of doing a long show And there you go, you print out the email Now, why hasn't somebody just put the email online And then you just mass print it and then go Maybe there's like a barcode on it or something we're not seeing, I don't know
Probably.
No, I don't think that's the case at all.
I think it's just people don't want to do that so that, you know, the line for that is really long.
Well, it's going to have the same line anyway, you know.
Exactly.
And you know what?
And it does suck, but then again, it's their booth space that they paid for.
They can do whatever the hell they want.
It's a strange precedent to be setting.
The only weird oddity about it for me is that, and I made a big mistake calling it a trade show earlier because it's not, but PAX is more of a convention.
And I always thought one of the things that was supposed to kind of separate it is that everybody was on equal footing.
Media doesn't get special treatment there.
You're not supposed to be doing all these media appointments and things.
That's what E3 is for, even though, especially the years that E3 went...
Thanks for watching!
But of course, you know, again, it's this company, their email list, they can do what they want.
They're just trying to pimp the service, the gun club.
They're trying to pimp it to make it have some value so that people can sign up for it.
I don't remember if it costs anything.
I think it's just, I know you, like, for example, if you buy that Battlefield Ultimate, you know, Battlefield Bad Company 2 Ultimate Edition or whatever, you get membership into the gun club.
I don't remember if it costs anything initially to sign up or whatever.
But you get, like, you know, into the Medal of Honor beta early and stuff like that.
So it's little tidbits of that kind of thing that are supposed to... I guess they're making it worthwhile.
But I don't know.
Like I said, they're a booth.
They can do whatever the hell they want.
Toagak in our chatroom at chat.orange.com says, I like the whole we don't care if you are media stuff.
Believe it or not, me too.
And I wish they did the same thing at E3.
I know that sounds weird because I can get media credentials for E3, but I kind of like it when everybody's on the same footing.
But E3, you can't...
I can't see E3 anymore without planning it out six months in advance.
Even if you do get media credentials, it still doesn't matter because they basically look at you, they're like, oh, well, you're not IGN or 1UP or whatever, so we don't know who you are, so we don't care.
So it doesn't matter.
It's because a lot of the marketing people behind video games don't play video games and know nothing about video games.
There's so many of them out there that just don't
They don't even know the product that they're selling.
Oh yeah, I know that.
I deal with a lot of corporate sales reps from these companies that are talking about the games coming out, and I start asking them questions about stuff, and they're like, I don't know, I don't play games.
It's like, you know, you don't even know your own product?
I mean, come on.
It's pretty astounding.
Kind of sad, though.
But...
We just have to support those companies that, you know, know what they're doing.
Just like Konami, they don't like to invite us anymore to things.
But I understand they're not in San Francisco anymore.
But so what?
You know, you can at least send the damn invite and if we can't make it, that's not a big deal.
The DDR thing was public and I thought that was great.
Yeah.
That was a great way to do it.
Exactly.
Let all the people who really want to see it go see it.
Alright, anyhow, let's open up the mailbag.
Yay!
Every week you guys send us emails here at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com We select a few of our favorites and read them here on air.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com Looks like our mailbag's very full from having a week off.
I'm not reading all of them.
Don't be butthurt if you don't get your email read.
Basically, if it was one asking us to advertise usernames or asking us about advertising or asking us about those types of things, we'll be replying to you offline.
Okay.
First one up.
I can't say anything.
Haseo, Sumi, Ragawa, Hay, or Plissken as it was in my last email.
Yes, it's a Metal Gear Solid reference.
If Rob still hates Justin Bieber, have him watch this.
Whatever.
I'm sorry.
It's a video that I haven't pulled up.
Oh, everybody's... It's probably him getting hit with a water bottle.
Oh.
I saw the keyboard cat version of that.
Yeah.
And DarkSakura, if you still love Doctor Who, I have a video for you.
And I pulled it up and I'll watch it later.
It's the Mighty Morphin Dalek Rangers.
And on to non-Bieber stuff, um, okay, I tried to download a shady copy of Bleach Heat The Soul 6 for a Japanese game site, but for some reason it keeps saying corrupted or unsupported data.
Any suggestions?
Punctuation?
Um, no, I'm kidding.
Um, I would say, um, check your region.
What?
What was the question?
It downloaded a copy of Bleach Hate the Soul 6 from a Japanese game site.
But it says corrupted or unsupported data.
Is that through an emulator or through a console?
It didn't say.
He downloaded it?
Give us more details, dude.
You get what you pay for.
Redownload it.
I don't know.
If it's a PC game, then it sounds like it's just a corrupted download and you have to redownload it.
If you're downloading a pirated version of a game of some sort, perhaps you need to burn it at a lower speed.
If you're pirating a current game, I don't think we can really help you.
You're not supposed to be doing that naughty-naughty.
If this is a game I don't recognize from like 10, 15 years ago, they don't make anymore.
It's relatively new.
It's Bleach.
Well then, we can't help you.
I think it's a PC game.
It sounds like it's a PC game.
If you bought it legitimately, then call the people who made the game.
They can answer.
He said shady.
Naughty, naughty.
And third, I would like to thank Rob for his advice on an earlier episode.
What you said helped.
I told my friend, but not family for certain reasons.
And I'm currently dating someone.
Once again, thanks.
Oh, I'm glad to hear things worked out.
I remember that email.
So, good.
I'm really, really glad to hear it.
And thank you, DarkSakura, for reading my email.
And if you didn't, what the hell?
Well, fine.
Thank you.
Thanks, as always, your loyal listener, Haseo Sumirogawa.
Well, I'm very glad.
I hope my headache hasn't made me too grumpy when reading it.
Oh, good lord.
Long email!
Helping Ake Ripper.
Might be the longest mail in OLR history.
I don't know, it might be.
Good morning everyone, this is the other Swede, Jiditz, writing in.
I usually rant about something or comment on things that were brought up during the last live show, but not this time.
During episode 376, which is the show before the previous one, Ake Ripper called in and told us of his angst and how Blizzard had wronged him.
seeing as that episode went up kind of late I didn't have time to listen to the episode before the next one aired and couldn't share my knowledge and experience when it comes to activating and playing Starcraft 2 all that is about to change so hold on to your socks and put your pants back on because it's what?
because it's time for a story of epic proportions fills the brim with angst I have to put my pants back on?
yeah because Rob's been sitting here pantsless the whole time I'm comfortable
Twas the morning of the 27th of July and the first thing I heard was the blaring of my alarm clock proclaiming it was the time for me to get up had approached.
Excuse me.
Didn't mean to do that.
Whatever.
With slow steps, I went up to the kitchen to prepare my breakfast, which on this specific day consists of two slices of toast and a cup of coffee.
The perfect combination of breakfast items, if you ask me.
After gulping down my coffee, I went to feed Gullen, my polar bear cub, and then... Polar...
Oh my god, get to the point.
Like, I appreciated the storytelling, but... Hold on.
And then proceeded to get ready to leave the house.
Now, you may think I went up early to stand in line to get my copy of StarCraft II, but you were sorely mistaken.
You see, during the summer break, I managed to acquire an ingrown nail on my big toe on both my feet.
Ow.
This made walking overall quite painful, so I promptly got in touch with my doctor, who had a spot open during the 27th of July, StarCraft II day.
After a swift drive to the doctor's office and later an extra 20 minutes of waiting, I finally get placed atop one of those odd beds they have at the hospital and the doctor arrives.
Oh lord.
Jamie Summers is not your LiveJournal client?
No, I'm not.
And I feel really bad about your ingrown toenails, dude.
You know what?
Get a live journal.
I think Alan's making a really good point there.
I feel like an ass now, I'm sorry, that was really mean.
No, I mean, I'm just, I'm not trying to be rude, but it's a three hour show, not ten.
We could read this email during the Labor Day show.
I'm gonna read what I want to read out of it.
Fine.
After all the crap with the doctor, paraphrasing of course,
I wondered how I could get the damn game.
I thought I could get it at home, so I went home.
I'm paraphrasing now, okay?
Thank you.
He turned it on, started Firefox, pulled out the credit card, and then Blizzard wanted him to pay 60 euros, which is about 589.80 Swedish kronor, which is 77 bucks for the digital purpose.
At the local store, it's 399 kronor, which is 52 dollars.
So, um, to buy a physical copy, it cost him 20 bucks cheaper to go get the physical copy.
So he did that.
Um, blah blah blah blah blah.
Gonna install it, gonna play, no.
Okay, now this is where I'm gonna read the email again, because I'm pretty down into it now.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
I emailed Blizzard support explaining my problem, what I had tried, and that I would love some information on what I was doing wrong.
Within six hours, I'd gotten a reply that said they had fixed the problem, and the following attempt to play StarCraft II was successful, and it was beautiful.
Alright, story time is over, but this email isn't, so straighten up your backs and get ready for GDOT's indie game of the century.
There's codes.
There's codes.
Oh, sweet, codes?
Oh, are we supposed to read the entire email and then let the codes for the reward?
Oops, I've been giving this guy a hard time.
ToyGakInChatRoom says, Control-F, point.
My friend who happens to be the developer finishes Xbox indie game Seaside Racing a couple weeks ago and is now up for sale on Xbox Live Marketplace for only 80 Microsoft points.
Seaside Racing is a stylistic physics-based kart racer made by a single person and this currently features three maps, Xbox avatar implementation, and up to 8-player multiplayer.
There's trailers up here.
I'll link it in the chat room.
He has four codes to give away.
So we are going to be giving away codes later on.
Maybe we'll post them on Twitter and Facebook to some fans later in the week.
I will actually save this email then.
But I might keep a code for myself.
I'll play it.
Big thanks to DarkSakura for reading this long email.
Um, kind of.
Oops.
It's actually just over a thousand words and thanks to the rest of our crew.
I promise my next email won't be this long.
P.S.S.
The polar bear wasn't real.
This is Jeedit signing off.
To tell you a story, Jeedit, I would have believed the polar bear and I'll tell you why.
When Lord Byron, you know, the poet, went to college, he was not allowed to have a dog.
The rules were no dogs allowed on campus.
But it did not say anything about a bear.
So he had a pet bear.
I think when he went to Cambridge.
True story.
True facts.
So the polar bear could have been possible.
I wanted to know what kind of toothpaste he used.
I could have used what type of magazines in the doctor's office.
I just don't think your email was detailed enough.
I couldn't really get a sense of the situation.
And dire urgency.
Okay.
I moved it to the inbox.
I'm glad to hear that emailing Blizzard support was a great option.
I just want to say though, like you could have condensed that down to Twitter size.
Tell Ake Ripper to email them.
Move to inbox.
Here's some codes.
Just saying.
No, I'm giving this poor guy a hard time.
I'm sorry.
We do appreciate the email.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I paraphrased.
I promise.
I did read it and it was entertaining.
That's true.
I want a polar bear now.
That's going to replace the pony.
You know when I go to a restaurant and someone says, is there anything else you'd like?
I say, a pony.
Now I'm going to say a polar bear.
Thank you.
Yeah, because one time you ended up getting a coney.
When you asked for a pony, the waitress brought you a coney dog.
And I laughed.
I took it home to Dan, though, and he ate it.
And you totally felt guilty.
Like, the waitress was going to take it back going, oh, you were trying to be funny.
Oh, I see.
People usually do laugh.
Yeah.
Blame the Sonic intercom speaker.
By the way, one of the Sonics in Roseville closed, just so you know.
I know the one that was built into the... What's up with that?
Where was the other one?
There's one over on, I mean, I'm sure our international listeners, especially those like in Sweden and Mexico really appreciate this talk, but I think it's over on like Paradise Grove or whatever that street's called.
You know what I'm talking about?
Off 65?
No.
Go up 65 and there's like a Pleasant Grove.
That's it.
Pleasant Grove.
I think I've been to that one.
That's where it is.
Over by Walmart.
by Walmart.
We went there once.
I think it was the first day you ever met Alan.
Yes, it was.
And we had tater tots and it was magical.
Next up!
Hey guys, this is... I'm not going to read your name.
Sorry, dude.
I don't care if you put your name in there.
I'm not reading it.
Kidwhatever.
It's been a while since I've talked to you.
I'm not sure if you've kept up on the money-related music activities I've been doing, but I have some new releases on Discord Music that I think you'll want to post about.
So please get back to me with an email address where I can send you some press material.
Pimp my music.
Send them here.
You have to email him to do that.
He's probably not actually listening to the show.
Was he on it?
Didn't we have him on years and years ago?
Yeah, but he's probably listening.
Well, hi.
Well, dude, if you're listening, email.
Troy, just sent a simple message.
Dan plus OLR equals awesome.
Let's not inflate Dan's ego too much.
He's not here anyway, so I ain't gonna tell him.
Stop it!
I'm trying to keep him in his place.
And you are inflating his ego.
We need some DanSucks emails, is what we need.
We need him to get some hate mail.
No, because then I'll cry.
Everybody gets hate mail.
I married him.
Only I'm allowed to say he sucks.
You know what?
I'm going to write an email to the show right now.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Ooh, this is cool.
It's from Roboba.
And it's actually someone I'm a fan of.
Writer Peter David posted on his blog that he is writing the Tron comic book.
I'm not sure if it will be released as a graphic novel.
It probably will as it catches up on the story behind Tron Legacy.
I'm not a fanboy much, but I am a Tron fanboy.
I actually like Peter David and I've read some of his Star Trek novels.
And I think he wrote the novelization for Iron Man.
So it was... I like his writing a lot, so...
Tron 3D Preview
I didn't quite make that noise, but close.
Is that it for emails?
No.
No.
Like I said, we have a bunch, and I'm only reading a few.
All right.
Another one from Robaba.
Now that Microsoft announced Windows Phone 7, a near random thought came to mind.
Is Game Room meant for the mobile phone?
It also has a heavy emphasis on games in your live account.
I think they are smart to do this, since games would be one of the few things to rope people in.
You know, they actually...
What was Microsoft's, the Zune?
Weren't they supposed to have had Zune integration for Xbox Live?
Indie games, I think it was a rumor a while back that X and A would play on the Zune too.
Remember that thing at E3 where we sat on the big floor with the subwoofer built into it?
Oh, yes.
And it vibrated your butt every time the bass would go loud?
Yes.
And they had the phone integration thing and people pulling them around?
Oh, sort of.
For their big pitch?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't remember what it was called, but I guess Microsoft released a smartphone that came and went in like three months.
I posted it out on my Facebook.
Remember that?
Is that this Windows phone?
It had a very specific brand name, like a Zune, obviously, but that's their music player.
But there was a Microsoft phone...
that was out for two months.
I'd never even heard of it.
And they're like, oh, this is... Oh, the kin.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
I remember this.
Like, they had the girl on Facebook going around and meeting people and people were like, who the fuck are you?
Yeah.
Anyway.
Ooh, a hard question.
Okay.
Yay.
Wheel of Morality, turn, turn, turn, tell us the lesson that we should learn.
and today's moral is early to rise and early to bed may make a man wise but socially dead.
Read the damn email.
And as long as I've got some good time out of it I'm fine paying that.
Now I won't lie and say I haven't gotten some games by other means either.
Now to my problem I've recently bought a PS3 and am appalled that there isn't fire and blood protesting at these $60 price points for games.
As game companies whine when their games don't make tons of profit.
You know as well as I do that when Steam puts a game up for 50% off sale, it sells like hotcakes and the developer makes money.
Has there been any PS3 game developers that put their game up for 40 to 50 bucks?
I wonder if they would sell more and thus make more.
3D.GameHeroes was $39.99 maybe $49.99 but it was in that price range you talk about there I believe in America it sold $150k which isn't terrible but I don't know if it'll have a sequel
Actually for an Atlus game that's really good.
But it also came out around the same time as Lost Planet 2, Escape 3, Red Dead Redemption, Split Second Blur.
And that is also one game.
And I can't think of a whole lot that were cheaper.
I guess Super Street Fighter 2 was cheaper.
Yes.
It was also an upgrade to a game that you'd already paid $60 for before.
Well, now he's saying, I've included a link to the new PS3 USB hack that might be real.
Of course, we covered it earlier.
And to be truthful, at $60 a game, it is a little tempting.
What do you guys think about it?
Your loyal turtle in Philly?
Serious turtle.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
10-15 years ago without inflation.
So by the time the PlayStation 1, PlayStation 2 era came around, they actually dropped in price quite a bit.
But now they're slowly climbing back up to where they used to be.
Not that I'm necessarily saying it's justified, because you're right.
There's a lot of crap out there for $60 that really shouldn't be.
But again, what was I saying about the marketing people behind video games earlier?
That many of them... They don't play games.
Oh yeah, they don't play the games.
So everything to them is gold.
I think that gaming fandom at large, or at least this is how the corporations have kind of treated gaming fandom, is that they're very fickle and they have a very short attention span.
Once a game is older than three months, no one cares.
Like remember when I said buy StarCraft 2 six months after it comes out?
and it's like well no one's everyone's gonna have moved on by then you have to charge your 60 bucks because once the game is three months old if you haven't made your money back by then it's paying for hype no one's gonna care it's kind of like a movie though right movies are very similar if you don't make your box office back in several weeks then direct to DVD when everyone else buys it it becomes a cool hit yeah
so I think it has a lot to do with the analysts and like their margins of if this game doesn't sell this much past six weeks or whatever their benchmark is then yeah so they charge you 60 bucks for it people who don't play video games are ruining the gaming industry alright I have one last email
Are you ready?
Yes.
From Butcher.
Yo guys, I just recently got hooked on your show and I was very sad to not hear your angelic, LOL, voices last week.
Anyway, I'm emailing you wondering if you have any good PSP titles that you could suggest to me and other listeners as I am slowly getting tired of Monster Hunter 2, Dissidia, and Fireteam Bravo.
Two thirds, I guess?
Um...
I'll honestly go for almost anything aside from sports games, ew.
Thanks, and may the flying spaghetti monster bless you, Pro Butcher, a.k.a.
Raw Men.
Somebody.
Raw Men.
All hail his noodley goodness.
What was I going to say?
If you like Dissida, Final Fantasy 1 and 2 remakes are excellent on the PSP.
Going back to really old games, I think Luminous, the old puzzler, and its sequel, I think the sequel's good.
Some of the best puzzle games they ever put out on the PSP almost was like a reason to own the system.
I liked Every Extend Extra, which was another Mr. Gucci game.
I liked Papa Lacrosse for a good RPG.
Mm-hmm.
Loco Roco is a cutesy game if you like cutesy games um there's you know PSP has quite a few little highlights in there and a lot of the ports are surprisingly not bad like little big planet on PSP pretty good uh you might like 30 second game heroes since I was talking about the 3d dot game heroes the 30 second or half minute hero or whatever it's called is pretty good too it's fun
Kingdom Hearts PSP
And there should be more stuff coming out, I think, in the fourth quarter, of course.
If you like music games, DJ Max is out there.
And I like Rock Band Unplugged, but not everybody liked that.
But if you like your 2DX type games, DJ Max is a good alternative.
I think that's it for music games.
Yeah.
Alf in our chatroom is suggesting Hatsune Miku Project Diva.
I forgot about that one.
Good call.
Some of the PSP collections are really good too.
The Gradius collection was pretty awesome.
There's some pretty good collections of games.
Isn't there a Mega Man collection on PSP as well?
It's pretty cool.
No, there wasn't a Mega Man collection.
But there's Mega Man... Mega Man X remade to 3D.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
They also have the powered up Mega Man that was like the super deformed Mega Man 1.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Is that it for emails?
I thought there was a last minute.
You want me to refresh the inbox?
I think one more email.
It was from you.
Oh, okay.
You said you were sending it, Rob.
So I'm not checking it.
You're not going to read it?
I think you should read it.
I'm just so upset.
Fine.
I feel like... She's taking away my voice, everybody.
That does not fit with the theme of the show.
I know, this is a show where every gamer has a voice and I am not being heard.
Especially since you are a super game analyst.
I know, I'm a video game analyst.
DarkSakura just read it and she wants to die.
What's it say, DarkSakura?
I hate you all so much.
I want you all to get the hot shotgun bullets to die.
I wrote Dan sucks, LOL, but I spelled sucks, S-U-X, because I know she loves that.
That sounds like proper English to me.
I mean, sucks.
That's how it turns out on my phone when I text people.
Alright.
Ow.
You see this?
It's mine now.
No, it's landed in my yard.
It's mine now.
This is my... What the hell is it, Alan?
Thank you.
You're sleeping on the couch.
Alright.
This is definitely the time of the show.
I approve of Alan.
Thank you so much.
This is definitely the part of the show where we're going to get angsty with a segment we call the FUs of the Week.
F you to my head hurting.
And Rob.
You stink.
You sucks.
Loki.
I guess F you to lack of sleep.
The baby doesn't know better.
He just doesn't know what night and day is yet.
He also had trouble pooping.
Hopefully he is past that now because I hate trying to make him poop.
It's difficult.
Well, it's not difficult, but it's got to be embarrassing for him, but he doesn't know anything yet.
Tell Nelly to stop eating onions.
That has nothing to do with him not pooping.
You know, I'm really curious.
Eating onions will give babies constipation.
She doesn't breastfeed enough.
Are we going to get poop stories every week on OLR now?
That would be great.
Sure, I can tell you poop stories.
See, because he's constipated, so he can't go.
Is he still green?
You have to take...
Yeah, it's great.
So he has to have little suppositories put up there, and that doesn't really stay up there, but it triggers him to poop.
But he, this morning, he pooped like three times, so he's fine.
Congratulations.
Alright.
It's good for him, but he still grunts all night long and does his kung fu, so I don't know.
See, that's quite good for having him watch Ninja Warriors.
Alan, do you have any FUs?
Hopefully they don't involve poop.
His first word should be Hadouken.
Street fighter.
FU to salmonella, E. coli, and other invisible poop that hides in your food and makes you sick when you go on vacation.
Bad eggs?
Bad chicken, I think.
Maybe it was a bad egg.
I won $400 playing craps.
How did you do?
Dynafire.
No, I'm happy for my friends, but I'm sad for me.
That's what's really important, right?
Just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the Skype line.
We're going to take your phone calls.
Oh, God.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Don't sound too excited there.
So I have some news about Super Street Fighter 4.
Of course, the arcade version has a few empty slots available for some new characters.
And that's what they're going to get.
They're going to get some new characters that are going to be, I guess, exclusive to the arcade, at least for right now.
Of course, it doesn't say exactly what characters those are going to be.
I guess that is yet to be determined.
But there will be some new characters coming.
I wouldn't mind...
Rolento.
Also, what's her name?
Alima?
Alima?
Alina?
Alina.
Yeah, Alima's your Warcraft character.
Yeah, from the kick character from Street Fighter 3 was awesome.
Yeah.
Her.
Might get to see it.
Who knows?
DarkSakura, I know you're a Capcom fangirl too.
Any extra characters for Street Fighter 4?
That I want to see?
Yeah.
Well, in the arcade version, I would love to have Sakura if there was another arcade version.
But... Well, she'd be in there because it's all the regular characters.
But I'm saying for an arcade version, I would want Sakura.
Right.
And other than that, I'd say Ibuki.
Because I was a big Ibuki player.
Or maybe Karin.
Alrighty.
I got one more story for you guys.
Oh, I know, I know, I know.
Who would be great?
Nope, too late.
You know who would be great?
Alright, who?
Rainbow Mika.
BOMB
How much did it cost to make?
Is that profits?
So then it made less than it cost?
I believe they're saying that, yes.
But here's the thing, too.
I should say this.
Technically, it's not a video game movie.
It's a comic book movie.
But it's still got the whole video game tie-in.
But I mean, this is the really sad part, is that...
The movie Gamer with Gerard Butler made $11.8 million.
It made more money than Scott Pilgrim's first movie.
But that's a generic action movie with Gerard Butler.
I mean, this movie didn't have a lot of big names in it.
I mean, Michael Cera, yay?
I don't know.
That and people have really terrible tastes.
I mean, Vampire Sucks being number two and...
Not to say that The Expendables is a bad movie, but see, that's once again a generic action movie.
I mean, if you like action movies, you go see that.
It's going to be awesome.
Whereas, this is basically, you know, some guy that's falling in love with a woman and he has to fight her exes.
I mean, that's...
That's like, what was it?
That's almost like, was it my super ex-girlfriend or something like that?
Which was also lousy, but yeah.
I mean, that's the kind of vibe that that sends off.
I mean, granted, it was an awesome movie, but not a lot of people really get that kind of stuff.
I mean, they're not us.
Well, for what it's worth, it made more money than The Wizard, which made $4.2 million its opening weekend back in 1989.
And Alone in the Dark did better than a New Evil movie.
Oh, I hope so.
And Double Dragon with Scott Wolfe only made $2.6 million its opening weekend.
So at least it did better than that.
And Scott Wolfe is not like people reminding him about that movie.
So you really liked Scott Pilgrim, right, Loki?
I loved it.
What did you like about it?
I'd go see it again.
I just like the whole vibe of it.
There's a lot of in-jokes, I guess, if you're a gamer.
A lot of things and references that you catch.
I like the characters in it.
Like I said, one of my favorite characters was Wallace in there because he was just...
Cracking all sorts of comments and stuff throughout the movie.
But see, one of the things that bugged me about the movie is that characters like him, they just kind of disappear.
There's a lot not resolved, I feel like.
I feel like they tried to cram too much with six comic books into one movie.
But I mean, how else are you going to do it?
I don't really know how else they would have done it.
They did it with Watchmen, and Watchmen worked.
True.
What did you think of the movie, Alan?
I liked how the video game fandom meta stuff was put in.
As far as the actual story, I didn't care for it.
I thought it was kind of creepy and sexist.
Because I'm all, I don't know, I'm too serious about that kind of stuff.
Because you're a lesbian.
They glossed over some of the characters, like the twins, for example.
They kind of glossed over who they even were.
We just knew they were twins, she dated them at some point, and they had a battle, and that was it.
I mean, don't even know why...
I kind of think they should have just cut that scene out of the movie and just had her have five exes.
You know what I mean?
And so they could develop something else.
It just seemed a little strange.
But part of what I really liked about it, and I think I liked it more than Alan did, although I did have some problems with it, including an unlikable main character.
I thought that it was so random in some parts that I couldn't help but laugh my ass off.
TheVeganPolice What the hell was that?
That was funny.
Yeah, telekinesis.
It was great.
I just liked all the different random things in there.
For example, at the end where he's complaining, he's like, I can't believe you did that.
It took me two hours!
Two hours to look up all their information and contact numbers.
It was funny.
The League of Evil Exes.
See, I thought for sure that he'd become part of the League of the Evil Exes at the end of the movie.
Oh my god, spoiler!
I said I thought that he would.
I didn't say he actually did.
Alright, anyhow.
It was okay.
No, I'd say I liked it.
I think I liked...
The direction and the ambience of the movie and just the whole like, you know, just turning my brain off and enjoying it.
It's like a video game.
You know, I liked it for that reason.
I'd see it again, just especially because like DarkSakura still hasn't seen it.
She's like, I want to go.
Seriously, you need to check out the PlayStation Network game.
It is awesome.
I bet it makes a really good video game.
Ironically, awesome game.
And it's by that guy who remember when we were doing.
I've been playing with the avatar creator on the website though, that's pretty fun
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Please call Echo 123 first.
And I think in the newer versions of Skype they actually say make a test call.
Do not skip that step.
It's very important because a lot of our crap calls come in because you didn't test your connection and then we know.
or you can always use the trusty old regular telephone and you don't have to screw around with that too much.
1-877-GAME-OLR Meanwhile, while we wait for some calls to come in, are there any last minute stories?
Yeah, Just Dance 2 just announced the track list for that.
Some songs that they have in there that you can dance to, I guess.
I'm getting hammered with calls.
We better go to the calls.
We'll come back to that.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Kine.
Not too much.
I was calling in about the Poof Poof reference in Dragon Quest IX.
The reference in 3D.GameHeroes is actually from a previous Dragon Quest off of the NES.
I was titled Dragon Warriors here in the States Yeah, and I can't remember which one it was But I think it was the first Dragon Warrior that came out
I don't... I didn't even catch that as being an original Dragon Warrior reference.
I just thought it was funny, because don't they do this whole thing where they put, like, in 3D.GameHeroes, it's been a couple months since I played it, but don't they do this whole, like, little switcheroo thing where it ends up, it's her dad giving the, you know, massage or whatever they play it off as to get you ready?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And if I remember right, that's also the inside joke.
There's a lot of Dragon Quest and Zelda references inside of that game.
In the first round, you can go in the back and there's this line that says, From Dragon Quest 3.
So, that's all in.
No, I appreciate it.
In fact, it's kind of funny to know that now that that actually was from another game.
It was kind of another little reference and not just something they made up, but I like that 3D.GameHeroes, man.
If you played, especially if you actually grew up with the 8 and 16-bit games, even if you didn't, if you have an appreciation for them, but especially if you did grow up with them, I think it's just a hilarious video game because it's made by nerds like you and me, clearly.
Yeah, it was
Definitely more two-source people that grew up, you know, in this 8 and 16-bit era.
Um, oh yeah, that was the other thing.
I demand a Commodore 64 episode.
Oh my god Oh my god
Alright, well, kind, thank you so much for the call and have fun with 3D.GameHeroes.
It's a great value.
Alright, thank you.
Alright, later.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you'd like to give us a call or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Butcher, either on email or DarkKisuke on Twitter.
Butcher or DarkKisuke on Twitter.
What's on your mind?
I just want to make this quick.
I'm going to thank you guys for giving me PSP game suggestions earlier.
Oh, this was your email.
Okay, yes.
And that's about it right now, but I had something else and it completely skipped my mind.
Uh-oh.
See, this happens to us a lot when we do live radio is that we're actually doing a show and then we forget what we wanted to talk about.
But that's why we always write things down before we do the show.
But even then, it sometimes doesn't help us.
But okay, so you were asking for the PSP games?
Yeah, that was me.
Did any of those sound interesting to you?
You think you might actually go out and pick any of those up?
Yeah, once I actually get a job, I'm probably going to go out and hunt down a few Final Fantasy games.
You know, unfortunately, that is the problem a lot of people are having right now in this economy.
It's kind of ironic because we got that email about the high prices of games too.
And it's just, you know, in this economy, it's so hard to kind of afford a lot of that.
And a couple weeks ago here on the show, it was about three weeks ago now, we had that gal, and I'm so sorry, I forgot her name.
What was her, I remember her real name, but she went by something else here on the show.
The gal who sat here the night Loki had the baby.
Oh, Ashley.
No.
I forgot what her...
I forgot what her online name was, but Ashley.
Alright, well anyway, good luck with the PSP and let us know if you do find some good games to pass along to the listeners.
Let us know, alright?
Yeah, sure thing.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Oh, yeah, go ahead.
I want to talk about FU to you for getting my name wrong earlier on Twitter.
It's not DarkKisuke.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's it.
I do my best.
At least I read it.
Alright.
Take care, bye.
I try my best.
It's not spelled out phonetically.
I'm probably not going to get it.
We're getting a lot of calls tonight, but this is awesome.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
Oh, it's Xenocore.
Hey, how you doing?
A little delay there.
That's all right.
Hey, no problem, man.
It's been a long time.
I know it has.
How are you doing, Xenocore?
Well, I've moved five states, managed to secure a job after three attempts and many layoffs, and now I'm working for Dell.
Well, congratulations.
Doing army support.
Wait, you moved from where to where?
You were in, what, Virginia before?
No, I was in Sebastian, Florida.
Now I'm in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Oh, wow, okay, that's quite a move, going from the east to the midwest.
Wow, alright, well, how are you liking Oklahoma?
I've been there once, I was 17 years old.
It's pretty much like living on a space colony as close as you can imagine.
There's little things to do here and there of everything, but you try to go outside the perimeter and there's nothing but wasteland.
Yeah, it's kind of isolated.
That's pretty much where it's at.
Well, what's on your mind tonight?
Not much, not much.
I'm actually getting ready to restart my show, and I've been writing for the Electric Sisterhood magazine in the meantime.
I have heard they launched a magazine and it's not an e-zine, right?
It's an actual, tangible paper magazine, right?
You can get it in either form.
They got it in PDF as well as print.
Wow, that's good for them.
That can't be an easy venture for them.
And I always seem to run into Ninja Sister at trade shows, and I think she's adorable.
I really like her.
She's been on some of the OLR special shows, so she's great.
Yeah, we're pimping everything out on landofesh.com now.
Oh, very nice.
Oh, I didn't know there was a whole new website.
We'll go check that out.
Absolutely.
What kind of articles are you writing over there?
well the last one I did was a review on how the marketing departments of all these games seem to love to play with the words and tell us what game is and it's actually not that like how I got pissed off with Demon's Souls I wrote all about it in there very interesting because we were just talking earlier about and I apologize this might not have been what you wanted to call in about but we were talking a minute ago about how like it seems like a lot of marketing departments don't actually play video games at all
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Not much, not much.
I did see Scott Pilgrim, but actually I just recently saw it today and I was quite happy.
I started Facebooking all over the place for it.
But the one thing that surprised me that I haven't seen before was the voice of reason and the guiding light in the entire show was Scott's roommate.
and this is the best possible example I've seen of just a normal person who just happens to like guys too that's treated with a little bit more respect than I've seen in other mediums.
I think things are getting better lately.
I kind of agree with that.
It was pretty cool the way that it was just like the cool gay friend and that's just the way it was.
But I think it also shows like...
I kind of go back to the original comics, and from what I've read on the original comics is that that character was inspired by a real-life interaction that the author of the comics had with a former roommate of his.
I think it just kind of goes to show that the younger generation, especially, you know, like, and when I say that, God, I make myself sound so old, but just, you know, even folks that are like 10, 15 years younger than us, like, it's just not even an issue anymore.
And if you look at the people who do have an issue with, you know...
same-sex relations and what have you.
It's almost always old fuddy-duddies.
I don't know why they're so threatened, but it's just comforting to know that especially a lot of the folks that listen to this show, it's just whatever.
It's just not even a big deal.
I think it's great because that's the way it should be.
It's just people like who they like.
I don't even think you should have to be gay or straight.
Just be nice.
all we need and I have one gaming accomplishment I gotta share before I go I managed to find a working version of Escape from the Planet of Robot Monsters and I got to the last dude and lost all the rest of my credits there it was epic, I loved it
Thanks for watching!
Like whether on PSN or Xbox Live or whatever.
At least the newer ones from like the late 90s and such.
That's all I got.
Keep gaming alive.
Excellent job, guys.
I'll talk to you in the future.
Thank you so much for the phone call.
I appreciate it, buddy.
Have a good one.
All right, guys.
All right.
Later.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
We can take some more calls.
877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
and we'll take some more calls.
It looks like things finally slowed up here for a minute.
We can get back to the Just Dance 2 story if you want.
Sure.
Some of the songs in there, including some of the really annoying songs, they've got, let's see here, Kesha with Tick Tock, Outkast with Hey Ya.
I was just thinking there's not enough gutter trash on the Wii.
Exactly.
The Pussycat Dolls, When I Grow Up,
I don't recognize a lot of these songs.
Avril Lavigne, Girlfriend.
Let's see here.
Bonnie M, Rasputin.
Cher, the Shoop Shoop song.
Donna Summer's Hot Stuff.
This game sounds more and more like a 70s disco with each song that you read.
Ike and Tina Turner, Proud Mary.
Wow.
All right, look, we're going to go to a phone call to save this.
It does have Justice with D-A-N-C-E, and that song is awesome.
Well, that song is awesome.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma.
How's everyone doing tonight?
I am great.
How are you?
I'm good.
Before we continue, Loki, congratulations.
Thank you.
I saw Scott Pilgrim vs. the World on Saturday.
I enjoyed the movie, but...
The only issue that I had, maybe because it's my ginormous ego and my portrayal and my odd views of the world, I just didn't like how Scott Pilgrim was portrayed as this socially inept, awkward geek.
Maybe it's because of the people that I've run with throughout the years.
I've never come across anybody as bad as him.
I can see that.
Yeah.
To me... Isn't that kind of just what Michael Cera is in every movie he's in?
Michael Cera needs to be shot.
Jesse Heinsberg should have been in that movie.
He was the kid from Zombie World.
I mean, Zombieland, I'm sorry.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I know, but... You know, what's funny is people think that Michael Sher was in Zombieland because they keep mistaking both guys together.
I'm like, no, that's two separate people.
But did you like him otherwise besides the whole main character, which is funny enough was one of the big problems I had with the movie.
Did you kind of like everything else about it?
Yeah, I did.
I even had to convince my best friend to watch the movie.
So maybe her view will be a little bit different if she watches it.
Yeah, it's kind of a bummer that it's doing so terribly at the box office because I feel like people will never try to do another movie like it.
Why do you think the movie's bombing so terribly?
Simply put, it went up against The Expendables and Julia Roberts.
That's the only reason why it tanked out.
Now, if it was out during an off-season, it would have done good.
Because personally, when I saw the poster, I'm like, hmm, maybe.
And I keep hearing about it.
I'm like, okay, I'll go see this.
Then The Expendables happens to show up.
I'm like, this is my 80s childhood right here.
80s childhood versus...
geekdom geek fandom versus 80s childhood yeah exactly and I'm asking people give me faith in the movie don't give me reasons to see it just give me faith in it unfortunately there was no faith for me with the Expendables it's like wow everything I don't like about 80s movies in one movie I'm like there's the perfect movie for me to not see hmm at least that's how I felt about it but you know
I picked up another DJ Hero turntable controller for $20 and I'm looking forward to DJ Hero 2.
Yeah, now's a good time to get a turntable controller if you have any interest in DJ Hero 2 because you could probably get the turntable by itself and then DJ Hero 2 by itself for much cheaper than the combo.
Maybe because I think it was only on sale with Best Buy and Kmart.
for like two weeks only and now I've been checking prices like it's back at the regular price and my turntable control was on back order for about a week and a half Tekken 6 is on sale for 10 bucks at Best Buy much better than 60 if you have the $20 coupon card which you can print out alright Ranma we're going to let you go so we can try and get at least one more call in here before we sign off for the night but thanks so much for your call okay buddy
Not a problem.
Luigi, out of here.
Alright, bye.
Take care.
Let's see.
One more call here I'm going to try to get to tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is DJ Blaziken.
DJ Blaziken.
What is on your mind?
Not much other than some possible new games for Butcher to pick up when he gets some cash.
Actually, these games went down to like $10.
Okay.
and they are Twisted Metal.
I think they even dropped... I think it's Buzz Quiz World for $7.99 on PSN.
And then... Oh yeah, Beats.
Which I also have a review for.
Which, it's kind of like...
If you were to take Beatmania and just have three lines, that's what beats is.
But the cool thing is, it's kind of like Stepmania or ITG, where you could use your own music and it goes off your memory card.
Your whole music library that you've done there.
I think is actually a lot better, and it makes its own patterns too based on the MP3s you're playing, but you're not hitting buttons at random like flailing on your keyboard in time to the music.
Audio Surf, the game's kind of different.
It's like a puzzle game mixed with music, mixed with action.
I don't know, it's different, so it works for me.
But, I mean, is this other game you're talking about button flailing or what?
Okay, actually, but this one, though, it uses all four of the external circle square buttons on your PSP.
But the cool thing is, well, here's the only jip with it.
I tried to play along with some of my DDR soundtrack songs.
It won't work with them.
It doesn't work with anything under two or three minutes.
Oh, that's weird.
I hate to say it, but for all you B-Money fans who wanted to use your B-Money soundtracks for beats, you're out of luck.
That is kind of weird that it won't work for such short songs.
I wonder if that has to do with some type of scoring algorithm or... I can't even think of achievements.
It's a scoring system, but yet it'll work with stuff like the initial B soundtrack, which I have.
The only B-Money song I have on there from that
which I think everyone knows Night of Fire of course you know a lot of the old DDR songs and I mean old old old DDR songs came from a series in Japan called Dance Mania X not to be confused with Dance Maniacs or just the Dance Mania albums and if you can go to those albums you can find a lot of longer versions of old school Bomani songs because they were all trimmed down from CD cuts that were three or four minutes long
Wow, I had no clue of that.
There you go, you learn something new every day.
Alright.
Yeah, Dance Mania.
I do have one.
Go ahead.
And so, basically, I was just wondering, what the heck else, you know, oh yeah, even though it's import only, but I say it's worth it if you love racing games, love stuff like Ridge Racer, but might be starting to get tired of it, but also loves anime.
Okay.
Initial D, Street Stage or PSP which I don't know where else to get that because nowhere sells it here in America well if it's not something you can get on the Playstation store you have to kind of go the harder routes of trying to find, fish up a copy on Ebay or Amazon or one of those but the internet really
So... Alright, well, anything else on your mind, buddy, before we let you go?
Hey, um, I got a little question for you on this actor of... Like, I saw something, it was back on the old All Games, and it said a little thing on your profile, like you had some previous college and high school broadcasting experience.
Yes.
And I got asked this, too.
Um, what got you interested in broadcasting?
That's a really good question.
Um...
That's because Rob is a big attention whore.
Not kidding.
Partially.
Seriously?
Here's the thing.
When I was in college... You know you're giving a hard time.
No, I know.
But no, part of it is I'm an attention whore.
I do.
I like the getting the... Like, for instance, last night at the Rocky thing that I was doing, I got to lead, you know, 4,000, some odd, give or take a few thousand, in doing the time warp.
And that felt awesome.
Like, just, you know, like all the people doing, you know, what I'm telling them to do is just kind of cool.
Like, you know, it was cool.
But to be honest, where that all comes from, I got into radio in college because I actually originally was studying to do computer science because I'm a nerd, I thought I'd like computers, but for me, it wasn't for me.
I didn't like it.
It's for other people, but not for me.
I actually had a really bad professor that I think kind of just turned me off to the whole thing.
But I switched to studying television.
I was actually wanting to be – for a little bit, I wanted to be a weatherman, and then I was going to be a broadcast journalist, and I actually interned for a little while at a CBS station up where I went to school.
But I found that the television industry, from my perspective, from doing all that – again, for me, obviously there's people that are into it, but for me –
Too competitive and too cutthroat.
And, you know, kind of the same thing with radio to some extent.
But when I was doing college radio, I kind of got to do things on my own terms.
And, you know, it didn't matter if no one was listening.
Even if one person was listening, it was hilarious and got to have fun doing it.
So when internet radio came about, it seemed like a real natural progression.
Although, to be fair, I think without Travis having kind of helped me make that transition, he's the host of Under Station Alive, I don't know if I would have gotten into internet radio as quickly as I did.
I think I would have gotten here eventually but I don't think I would have gotten into it as quickly as I did outside of school but if I actually wanted to go way way back and I don't think I've talked about this a lot on the show but way back in high school a friend of mine used to have a public access show we actually did on the local television station so I actually had a TV show for about two years my good friend in high school and I actually produced this show that we did it had nothing to do with video games it was more like a little comedy show that we did just because we could but
It was great.
It was great.
and my mother has them somewhere, although I don't know where they are.
And the tape's probably melted by now.
YouTube.
Nope, nope.
I will not let them out because I do not want them on YouTube because unfortunately now that I do have this show, I think if people were to see that, I just... It's... No.
And granted, it would be a pain in the ass to rip that from videotape right now.
Yeah, but unfortunately if it fell in the wrong hands, it would be done sooner than I would like it to happen.
I'm not...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had a substitute teacher one day in a physics class and he came in and he was actually trying to do his little like promotional thing like you know because the public access station was kind of hurting for more volunteers and so forth and he was actually showing us a video that he did like a music video and my friend and I looked at each other and thought this is so like
Actually, that is correct.
You guys are kind of my inspiration.
I've listened to you guys since... That's amazing.
Thank God.
What was it?
Episode 50.
Back on the old Live 365 station, which I did mention in a Beatmania review for KIOS91.5.
Wow.
In Omaha.
Wow.
And I actually mentioned your guys' old Bimani Moore show.
Awesome.
Because, of course, I was reviewing Beatmania, so I figured, you know what, if you like...
you know, the stuff that you hear at the clubs during the rave period or the stuff that you might have heard way back when on Orange Lounge Radio B-Money Moore Show you'll love this game woohoo!
well thank you for the plug I appreciate it that is awesome yeah, and so but I just hope I'm on K-I-O-S dot org live stream and 91.5 K-I-O-S for Omaha listeners if there are any besides me um Jackson Studio One is the show that I'm gonna be on um
and then a few other broadcasting students.
I'm getting the first show October 7th.
Well, best of luck to you.
That is awesome.
But I laugh because when people tell me that, I think back to the video I saw in high school and I go, I hope people aren't saying I was inspired by Orange Lounge Radio because they thought this show was so terrible and ghetto.
I can see that.
But even if that's the reason, then more power to you.
I don't even care.
I think it's great.
Actually, I had somebody tell me to my face that they got into public access because they thought my old TV show, they said, it was so terrible and so awful that you guys really inspired me to do this.
And I was like, oh, thank you.
Alright, buddy, we've got to let you go.
The call's going on.
Alright, peace out.
Your show rocks.
Thank you.
You rock.
Have a good one.
Bye.
Bye.
That's awesome.
That is really the ultimate compliment.
It really is.
And I think we'll end on that note.
So thank you guys very much for the calls.
I'm so sorry to those who didn't get through.
But hey, we'll be back next week.
So please send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com or Twitter.com slash OLR.
We would really, really appreciate it.
Alright.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the first few songs from Michael Jackson that will be in the game.
Of course, Bad, Beat It, Billie Jean, The Earth Song, The Girl Is Mine, Who Is It, and Workin' Day and Night.
Workin' Day and Night is the only one I don't recognize.
I'm sure I've heard it, I just don't recognize it by the title.
Um, yeah, so that's it, and they have some really stupid looking, you know how they do those lifestyle shots where they have, like, someone playing the game, and they show, like, you know, what it looks like on screen?
This guy looks like a douche, so.
I don't know if I want to play this game, because I don't want to be that douchey guy.
I kind of am curious, just, I'm curious just to see what it is.
I might play it once in a dark room when nobody can see me.
And then I was going to mention there's a game called MiniTroid that is, I don't know if it's out yet or it's possibly being worked on, but it's basically a remake or demake of Metroid 2, but it's a browser game and it's really cute looking.
It's kind of small, but I don't think it's been released yet, but it is coming.
IndieGames.com
I hate it when I have to find something and it's like four links in.
It's really annoying.
It's alright.
Well, speaking of annoying, I also saw that apparently they're going to be selling some Empire Strikes Back furniture for home.
Yeah, like I'm going to buy that shit.
Can we stop getting all this crap in home and start getting a use for the clubs?
Just throwing that out there.
I have to bring that out.
Every time home gets brought up, I'm going to knock the clubs.
That's it.
That's all I have to talk about.
All right.
Let's go ahead and start to wrap up the show then.
We're going to be on out of here for the night.
Really appreciate you guys joining us though after our brief little hiatus or what have you.
We're going to wrap up, get everybody's final thought.
I'm assuming you had no more last minute stories.
No, I'm just dealing with some hate in the chat room.
I'm dealing with it.
I know, because I'm trying to do a show.
Yeah, Alan?
Because I'm a big City of Heroes fan, there's a second expansion, Going Rogue, available in stores last week on Tuesday.
You can get it at Best Buy for $29.95.
It is not an upgrade, so you can buy the new game as it is, just for that price, and it comes with a free month.
And it lets you do a character that you can switch sides and become a villain or a mercenary, and there's a whole new world in there to explore.
Very cool.
I haven't checked it out yet, though.
Yeah, you gotta check that out.
You're a big City Heroes fan, I know.
Yeah, I played it from launch for about three years, took some time off, and then came back.
And then you went to go play WoW with your boyfriend.
Yeah, and I won WoW.
Sucker.
Alright.
Anyhow, I think it's about time we go around and give everybody's final thoughts.
So, well, Alan, I will start with you, and thank you very much for being here tonight, and I hope you had fun, and come back again.
I'm sure you will.
Yes.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Not really.
I feel icky.
I'm sorry.
Feel better.
DarkSakura, I hate to interrupt you.
I know you're working busy over there, but do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Don't be a hater.
Actually, I saw a license plate today that was really funny.
It was, you know how you can put symbols in the California license plate now?
They had the little hand, like, making the stop sign.
It said, stop, and then haters.
So it looked like it said, stop, haters.
It was funny.
That's great.
All right, my final thought tonight is, I don't know, I am excited to work a short work week next week.
Yay, short work weeks.
Loki, I'll give you the final thought tonight.
It's your first show back, so...
I'm tired and I'm trying to get another, or not another, but I'm trying to still get an Xbox 360 dev kit.
And I have like two people that are possibly going to sell one to me.
So I'm just waiting for them to respond back.
All right.
Well, you have a wonderful night, everybody.
Thank you so much for downloading and listening to our show, whether it be live or whether it be via podcast.
We really appreciate it.
All we ask you guys, we don't have any advertising.
Just tell two people about our show.
Help us spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio and yeah, that's really all we ask you guys.
Just help us spread the word because we can't really pay for a lot of advertising except maybe like a $10 Facebook ad here and there.
So we really appreciate it, you guys.
Leave us a nice iTunes review if you would or whatever you can do.
Help us spread the word.
We'll be back here to do it all again next week.
We really appreciate it, you guys.
Have an awesome, awesome week.
Play some games and we'll be back next week to do it all again.
Good night.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
