tonight, August 29th, 2010, could Sony soon adopt the controversial online pass, two retail
chains jump in the used video game market, and an upcoming MMO plans to penalize players
that play too much. Orange Lounge Radio. Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome
to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game show where every gamer has a voice.
We do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, 6 o'clock pacific,
9 o'clock eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be
joining over the next few hours with my awesome co-hosts, always here every week, say hello
to the one and only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers. I hope I'm always here, it's my house. Well,
there have been times where you haven't been here, and those are the awkward shows. The
awkward shows where Dan's like, are they gonna run off with the vault? Well, there's also
been about, you know, six different studios in OLR's history, we tend to bounce around
like a, I don't know, homeless college kid. This one's my favorite. Well, of course, yeah,
cause you just have to roll out of bed and into the studio, this is my least favorite
cause I have to drive out here. At least I like you. Alright. I liked your garage too.
It was nice. It was hot. Yes. Alright, also say hello to Tech Master Loki. Hello. We used
to tape the show at his house too, when it was my house too. Yes. Remember that? Years
ago. Yes. Years ago. I was like probably the second place we ever did the show. That was,
imagine if OLR was your life. That was pretty much that apartment. Good times, good times.
How have you been doing, Loki? How's the baby? How's life? Um, fine. Just, you know, I don't
get a lot of sleep. Of course, that's what they say. Yep, so. You seem to be doing okay
though. You seem to be awake enough, but if you don't... Well, I can thank, you know,
playing Final Fantasy XI for early hours in the morning, you know, to thank for that since,
you know, that kind of got me accustomed to, you know, being able to operate without that
much sleep. Well, if you nod off during the show, we'll know what's going on, right? Yeah,
you're boring me. Well, let's hope not. We also have our chat room to gauge us. Chat.orangeloungeradio.com,
the always present fourth guest on the show, especially when there isn't actually a fourth
guest here in studio tonight, as there is not tonight. It's the first show in a while
that I can remember where it's just the three of us. Doing it the way we've done it for
many, many years now. Anyhow, we're going to get into gaming news, but we always like
to start off the show with a little bit of, how was your gaming week? So, how was your
gaming week, DarkSakura? Um, it was fairly old school. I don't know if the pile of Master
System games is still out in the front room, because I've gotten used to it out there,
but Dan was playing some Alex Kidd in Shinobi World and Zillion, a lot of Zillion, and we
played a couple things together. What ever happened to the Alex Kidd games? It kind of
disappeared. He did them on Genesis. I remember when I was growing up, I sort of saw Alex
Kidd as sort of like Sega's Mario, because keep in mind, Sonic didn't show up until the
Genesis. But Sega got Sonic and that went away. And then they had a Master System version
of Sonic. That only came out in Brazil. And that was also after the Genesis version was
out, because remember Blast Processing was the secret to Sonic, remember that? So there
wasn't, yeah, I mean, yeah, there was a Sonic on the Master System, but it was a little
bit, you know, not, it was way after the fact. So I sort of saw, back in the day, Alex Kidd
as the Mario on Sega's system. I mean, I don't know, in my young mind, that's kind of what
I saw. So it's odd to me that Alex Kidd kind of disappeared, save for the, doesn't he make
cameos in some of the Sega sports games and things like that? That's really it. I think.
You know, one game that I forgot that we had that is actually kind of cool, the only reason
we really have this is because it was an oddity in printing. We have Monopoly. Wow. As a monopoly,
but they actually did M-O-N-O, space, capital P-O-L-Y. Awesome. So we have Monopoly. Monopoly.
Nice. And, but Dan didn't actually have the Master System, he was using the power-based
converter on the Genesis. And then I played some Star Trek online today. I made an Andorian
chick just because. And I really haven't, I was given a game on Steam. And one of our
listeners sent me something fantastic. And I put it over here, because I've been waiting
for Dan to get off the old school kick so I could play Final Fantasy 13. Thank you.
Gave me Rival School's drama album. Wait, from a listener? Yeah. Wow. And it was addressed
to Sakura Kasugano. Do you know what listener sent that to you? I'm trying to remember that
I've got the box right here, but he didn't put the name on it. It's just his real name.
I don't know who that is, but I know where that city and state is. I know exactly where
that is. Yeah. Just outside the big city there. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. But it's really cool.
I love it. And I can understand about half of it. But I mean, I'm a big, I'm a big...
This one's actually the first one, the Shiritz Justice Kakuen. So. Wow. I'm pretty happy.
This has been like the year of getting strange packages in the mail from listeners. Because
I didn't... Loki, you got like a full freaking Xbox from a listener, didn't you? Yeah, J-Tech
system. And you never figured out who sent that to you? Nope. DarkSakura just... Send
me one!...forgot the guy's online name and doesn't want to say his real name. Yeah, I'm
like that. I got... I'm going to say, thank you, Fred. Civ 4 I got from X-Link and I got
the same Steam game you did, so. Oh, that was... Okay. Because yeah, I've been meaning
to try it out. It's just... I started school last week. Yeah. So, of course, there goes...
I play Peggle at Fuddruckers. When they ruin my order! Let me go into our chatroom at chat.orangeslaunceready.com.
DarkKisuke is in chat trying to take responsibility for sending it to you, but said JK. Let's
see. DarkTetsuya says, I do know what my favorite Sega Master Sister game is. Toss-up between
the Ghostbusters port and Astro Warrior. Was the Ghostbusters port on Sega Master System
the same one that was on like Commodore 64 and the computers back in the early 80s? Or
is that a different Ghostbusters game? Because I love the one that was on Commodore 64. The
one that had like... There was the Gatekeeper and the Keymaster and you didn't... When they
joined up, the game was over. Unless you had so many points, then you could climb the tower.
Ah, forget it. Forget it. Are you the Gatekeeper? So this is the last semester of school for
you, right? You graduate this year? Well, not forever the last semester. We've been
in school since the show started. Well, you know why? And I've got to say this. There's
nothing wrong with always wanting to enrich the mind. I spent way too much time doing
what everyone else said that I should do instead of doing what I love. And now I just said,
fuck it. I'm doing what I love. And I'm going to graduate with my AA. And I'm going to do
a year of the rest of my gen ed for... I'm actually kind of thinking of not going to
Sac State, maybe going to UC Davis. You know, it'll be a drive, but I might get a better
education out of it. So you'd say the life lesson you learned is that you should go to
school to study what you love? Yeah. Can I major in pornography in college? Rob. What?
My point is, is that when you find something that you can make a living out of that you
love, go for it. I also love food, but I can't cook. So I'm, I don't know what you can do.
You could actually take journalism classes and be a food critic. That's a really, ooh,
that's now that's a good idea. And then have like... Aren't all food critics fat? Like
I've never known. I mean, don't take offense if you're a food critic. I've never known
any, but... You can have high metabolism or actually you may be healthy. But they're all
pompous asses. At least that's what I've gathered from watching Iron Chef. Actually on Iron
Chef America, Julie Chen is a food critic and she's my hero. So I... We should do like
a one off side podcast that's called Fat Butt. And talk about all the food we love that makes
our butts fat. That's what Alan calls me actually. So I could be the host, Fat Butt. He shouldn't
call you Fat Bump. He should call you Plus Booty. I'm not going to get into it. Actually
my nickname is Fat Kitty. I'm just going to get into that. I'm going to get a text message
in five, four, three, stop talking! Alright, anyhow. If that's it for Dark Soccer's gaming
week, Loki, how was your gaming week? It was okay. Didn't really play a lot except for
on Friday where we did this kind of company sales team building thing where we went to
Dave and Buster's and played some games. The whole team building portion of that event
was kind of dumb because they have this arcade full of wonderful games and they put you on
all the really crappy games. Except for say, Rallying Classic, which is better known as
Daytona sans license. And that was fun. But the person, they had us split up in the groups
and stuff of four. So we were all teams of four. And the guy that was in charge of our
three teams of four was an idiot. And instead of putting three people up each round to have
them go head to head against each team, they just had each team compete against themselves.
And because of that and his horrible score keeping, we ended up near last place because
he was a clean idiot. Not that it matters because it was just for fun, but whatever.
It's still a waste of time. I did though play some arcade games. I got to play the Rambo
shooting game, which is kind of funny. They had that at Golf Land too. Did you play the
Terminator one? Because that one's actually really fun. No, I did walk past it a bunch
of times and that looked really cool. And it's hard! But I just didn't get a chance
to do that. There's so many pretty games there. But I actually played some DDR. I played DDRX.
And I, because I wasn't really familiar with the machine, I got stuck doing singles beginner.
Like one credit. And it was really annoying. And it was really strange. And I don't know
if the timing's different on beginner mode or something like that. But for some reason
I did horribly in beginner mode. But then when I actually played normal games and even
on doubles and stuff I did a lot better. How that works is beyond me, but that's what happened.
So I played some doubles on that. I don't really care for the new stage that they have.
It looks really cheap because it's all one single sheet of metal that they have in there
instead of all the little panels, which are really cool looking. But yeah, whatever. And
the spacing's a little different. But that's minor. Let's see, what else? I played a game
called Tank Tank Tank, which is kind of fun. Which mission did you do? Did you do the giant
monster mission? Well we just played versus, so. Ah, no. Next time you play that you have
to do co-op and play against the giant bees. And the giant squid. And then the building
mecha. But you were telling me about this game. This game is so much fun! It's tank
versus bees. That's strange. Well, you can either choose versus or two tanks versus two
other tanks. Or you can go against the evil robot hordes. And so you get these big missiles
with granny faces on them. They're so fantastic. These are pretty fucking terrible. I call
them mecha bees. Tank Tank Tank was pretty fun. And there was some other game that we
played. It was kind of like Trackmania, the arcade game almost. And that was alright.
What else did I play there? That was about it. I just played a lot of DDR. I'm not very
in shape anymore. And it's been a while since I played DDR. But I actually did play A on
doubles on, I guess it's called Expert now, which is like an 11 footer. And I passed it,
oh my god, I felt like crap afterwards. Of course, now that I think of it, I don't think
there's ever been a time that I played A on doubles on heavy or whatever that I actually
didn't feel like crap afterwards. So that's fine. Did you go right into playing a hard
song? Well no, that was my last song. I actually played... Still, just in one game, you played,
you know, wow. You ever heard of a warm up? I did play warm up stuff. I did, it was really
tiring me out though because I'm not used to it anymore. So I was playing, you know,
some of the new songs that were in there were kind of dumb, so I didn't really care for
the new DDRX songs, I guess. I played, actually a few times I played Hysteria because I liked
one of the patterns for, I guess it was the, I don't even know what they call it now, the
second setting. It would have been Trick, I don't remember. Yeah, they changed them
all just to change them. It's just annoying. Whatever. Red difficulty, right? Yes, the
medium difficulty. I liked the double pattern for that, so that was fun. And then I was
trying to remember like, I remember there was, you know, 20 November I know if you play
that on I think heavy and little that like makes no notes for like quite a while, that
would have been fun. Also, there's another one that was like that. Anyway, so played
a few rounds of that and that was fun. And then of course, you know, Redemption stuff
played some Deal or No Deal because, I mean, that game was super easy. But yeah, so now
it was funny because I had a bunch of Dave and Buster power cards from like back when
we went to our first E3, like when we went to Irvine, you know, and went to that Dave
and Buster's. I had a card from that. I had one. Wow, that was a long time ago. I had
one from when we went to Milpitas one time and then so I combined that together with
one that they gave us to use during this competition. Then I got another one from them later on.
So I have like a bunch of credits at Dave and Buster's right now. I just haven't gotten
a chance to use them. But it's not bad. It's a small one compared to the other ones. They
even said, though, like because the people are reps at Dave and Buster's, they said it's
one of the, I think it's the smallest one that they have. Which is kind of lame, but
whatever. It's nice to at least have one. They should put another one in Folsom, though.
I definitely agree that because there's nothing in Folsom. And it's kind of weird that they
put Dave and Buster's like right next to Golf Land and right down the street from, you know,
John's Incredible Pizza. You know, all these different like fun land places. It's weird.
They're right there. And then of course, other than that, Grand Theft Auto, Lost in Damned
has been playing a lot more of that. And that's still fun. Working on mod stuff. It's kind
of annoying, though, because the, I'm sure not a lot of people are familiar with the
Grand Theft Auto console modding community. But they're very, I don't know, very, I don't
know what the word would be for it. They're dicks, I guess. It's because they figure out
something and then they kind of hold it above everybody's head. Well, I figured out something,
so I posted about it because, you know, it's it's kind of cool. I thought I'd share something.
And so now they're saying, oh, well, we're going to, you know, we did the same thing
and and, you know, we're not going to tell you guys how to do it until a while from now.
So I posted in that same thread how to do it. And they went and deleted my post. I'm
like, you motherfuckers. So I got to release something. Wait, what is this? It's modding
the game. I know how to I figured out how to change the maps and actually I figured
out how to change work. Different cars spawn and stuff like that. It's all your own website.
It's all within the law. I don't even give a crap. I just I'm OK. You just I do post
an Orange Lounge radio story. It's really easy. I'll send you the PDF the deep man made.
You post a new story to orange launch radio dot com. Title of story. What's the name of
this website? The Seven Sins Fuck Seven Sins and then post the your your acts and all.
It's there's it's like high school drama. It's so it's probably a bunch of high school
or it's sad. It's really sad. But it the only thing I have a problem with, though, is someone
claiming credit to something that I figured out a long time ago. And there's even a post
that's like weeks old that's on that damn website. But, you know, of course, it's a
few pages back. So people don't realize it. Would you would you like to give out a hack
right now? So you you have patent pending? No, I already I already have a YouTube video
out there of it. And so I'm all set. I've got my bases covered. But it's just that,
you know, these days, Loki has dibs. It's just like they sent me a private message that
says, don't worry, we'll give you you know, we're crediting you for indirectly, you know,
coming up with this idea. I'm like indirectly. I directly came up with this fucking idea.
Stupid indirectly inspired you to come up with this idea. Basically, I walked you through
it. Whatever this guys sound. It's dumb. I don't mean to be little kids, you know, whatever.
It's just it's it's frustrating. I don't really care that, you know, I just have problems
people taking credit for something I came up with. The whole point was I was just trying
to give them an idea because all the stuff that they have out there right now, hacks
is just people editing like the lines for the handling of the cars and stuff like that.
So, oh, look, this car is fast. Oh, look, this car, you know, crashes through things.
Oh, this one flies. Big fucking whoop. All right. I got I got to take a sidetrack here
to read some of the chat comments because they've been accumulating here. Spazinator
PSN is talking about that tank, tank, tank game. Says when you beat tank, tank, tank
and watch the credits, it says tanks for playing. Yep. Get it? See, remember earlier I was talking
about food and porn and all that and what we should major in in school. Satellite Minded
in Chat says Rob should combine food and porn and make a living from that. And Rama follows
that up with a website called www dot food porn daily dot com, which I'd never heard
of. But, yeah, I'm all you do is you click on pictures of food like this one is mac and
cheese with bacon and chicken. Mm hmm. Then I click it again. Mm hmm. Pork chops with
parsley. Yum. And it's still food porn. Mm hmm. Salmon sliders. What about this is why
you're fat. A lot of that stuff makes me ill. But this this is this is like classy porn.
Like this is more like this is the difference between an escort. Yes. And, uh, 20 buck prostitute.
This is like Cinemax right here. The food porn daily is like Cinemax. And this is why
you're fat dot com is like hustler. That's that's basically the difference between the
two. There you go. All right. Anyhow, anything else for your gaming week, Loki? Sorry. No,
that's really it. I'm just glad, though, my dev kids coming next week. So, uh, I'm excited
to see you how that kind of works out for you. Curious what that well, how that plays
or whatever. We'll see. All right. Let's see my gaming week. I've been playing. Oh, fine.
Not my gaming. It's just a story real quick. And it's funny. Yes. I experienced on my way
over to the show today what I would consider white trash karaoke. Literally, my neighbor
across the street. I don't know if they dug out a karaoke machine or whatever, but there
was some really obnoxious loud music blaring from their garage. I thought it was like a
country western band or something practicing. No, it's this fat chick out there just saying
some really horrible song. Please tell me she's singing like, you know, cash or something.
No, wake up in the morning feeling like today. It's like some country western song. God.
But it was awful. I'm like, why would you blast that? Seriously? I thought they were
having like a party or something, but no, it's just this one one chick apparently wanting
to annoy the wants to be famous. Um, let's see. Well, I actually will start off. I have
a completely like doesn't have anything to do a gaming story, but I had a very strange
weekend. Okay. Um, I was actually supposed to be going to L.A. this weekend, but I didn't
end up going. And part of the reason why I didn't end up going is that I was scheduled
to take a flight on JetBlue from Sacramento to Long Beach because that's, you know, probably
one of the easiest ways to get to L.A. And JetBlue is a fine airline. You can watch TV
in the back seats and everything. Um, so we get to the airport, we're sitting there waiting
for our flight to go and suddenly they come on the intercom and say, um, well, uh, your
plane had to do a evacuate. There was an emergency. The brakes caught fire and, uh, they, and
sure enough, we're looking out the window and there's this plane sitting there on the
runway and the slides are all inflated and all these people are standing out kind of
looking. And yeah, if you heard about that, cause it was kind of a big deal. It was on
like CNN and stuff. Yeah. I was supposed to be on that plane. So I was sitting there in
the terminal while that plane was landing, waiting to board it. Uh, so yeah, that was
kind of a day ruiner. We tried to catch another flight that was seven hours later in Oakland,
but we were like, okay, well at least we'll still get to go to L.A. at some point. And
then, uh, yeah, that flight ended up getting delayed for about three and a half hours cause
the whole system was backed up. And that's about the point where we said fuck it because
a, we could have just driven there faster. B, we were going to lose our rental car and
all this other stuff and it was kind of annoying. So, uh, kind of a bummer. But yeah, just a
completely random story cause you know, it's, it's not every day that you're sitting right
in front of national news unfolding before your eyes. But one kind of cool thing that
did happen, I was posting about it on Twitter and uh, one of my friends actually took pictures
of the whole thing unfolding and uh, the associated press contacted us cause they saw me on Twitter
and actually bought her picture to use on their story. That's pretty cool. Yeah. How
much did they pay her? $75. Oh, she should have. She was thinking she probably could
have gotten more, but at the same time when you're, you don't like at a moment like that,
you're not thinking like, Oh, I want to take a picture so I can sell it. You know, and
it was more one of those, I think it was more of a novelty thing, right? Like how many people
can say they've sold the pictures of the associated price, right? You know, not every, that, that's
not an everyday occurrence. So, you know, I think she did it more for the novelty of
it than for the actual money. And I can't say I blame her. I would have done the same
thing. I took pictures too on Twitter. It's just that iPhone pictures don't have nearly
the detail that she actually took them on a real camera. That's why they wanted her
pictures cause not a lot of people had that. So yeah, kind of a weird weekend. So, um,
let's see. Monty Boggs in our chat room says stuff like that happens in airlines bitch
about how not enough people are flying. You know what though? Not to get too far off topic
of the topic of games, except that I was supposed to be playing a bunch of them this weekend
and didn't get to because of this. Um, Monty Boggs, the thing is though that every time
something like this happens, like, okay, the SAC airport is not that big of an airport,
but this was, I'm sure on the news wherever it is you live. I know this was on the news
in like Connecticut. It was on CNN. It was on MSNBC. Nobody died. Nobody was severely
hurt. Like a few people were taken to the hospital, but it's because a lot of whiplash
type conditions because of the breaking of the plane. And apparently people got rug burns
from sliding down those inflatable slides. And those are the injuries that people had.
So it's unfortunate and it sucks, but I've seen car accidents that were tons worse, you
know, and you don't hear about every single car accident. So I still think flying is pretty
safe all things considered. I'm just, I'm glad the brakes decided to go when they did
and not an hour later cause I would prefer to just have stayed at home all weekend and
not be in the hospital in Long Beach being treated for burns cause I had to take a trip
down the slide. However, if I did have to go down the slide, I'd at least grab a beer
first like that guy did. All right. Beer is great. Let me talk about actual games. I just,
I had to talk about that cause national news being right in front of me doesn't happen
every day. All right. So, um, games. I've been playing Warcraft, of course, still working
on my characters. We're about halfway through Icecrown Citadel, which is cool. And the whole
guild's gearing up and it's cool, but Cataclysm really needs to be out like now. Like I'm
ready for it. I think we all are. Uh, been playing more Starcraft 2. I've been trying
to, just trying to go after some of the achievements a little bit and just playing, kind of playing
the campaign a little bit here and there. I'm pressing very slowly through that game,
but considering I didn't even want to play it at first, I'm surprisingly having a really
good time with that. I do have a couple of new games I want to talk about this week.
First off, out on PlayStation Network this week was an adaptation of Pressure Luck. This
game has already come out on the PC and the Wii and I think there's an iPhone version
as well, but it came out on PlayStation Network this week and it was really the first chance
I had to check it out. You know, I have the DVD game from a few years ago, which I believe
Jamie actually gave me as a gift a couple years ago. I have that. That's really the
only version of the game I have to compare it to, which you can't compare a video game
to a DVD game. Sorry. I never really played the Wii game. I've only heard about it. And
I've only really heard about the PC game as well. So I haven't really played them. The
PlayStation one, it's okay. Like there's some really cool things and then there's some really
not so cool things that really detract from it. And some of the cool things what I like
is that, you know, they give it the look and feel of Pressure Luck. When the thing starts,
you know, it's like, these players are about to play a game that could be the biggest game
of their lives as they're about to press the whole spiel they would say in the beginning
and it looks like the show and it's really cute. And then when you're actually playing
the board sequences, it's a lot of fun. Like, you know, your character's actually going
big bucks, big bucks, no whammies, you know, they're actually saying it and then and the
whammy animations are actually really well done. That's actually probably the best thing
about the adaptation. I saw some on the trailer. Yeah, the whammy there. There's new stuff
like there's you know how they would always be like pop culture tie ins. Like I always
remember the little whammy that was like boy George that would sing Do you do you really
want to wear me? I don't know why I remember this stuff from when I was like seven. Okay.
But now they have like an American Idol whammy and some of these other like pop culture references
and that's really cool. But unfortunately, with these really high points, there's also
a lot of like clunk. Like, just the interface feels very clunky. The shell around the game
itself feels very rushed and just not flashy at all like a game show should be. It feels
very Facebook game to me. The avatar designer is very disappointing, especially considering
that you're playing on a PlayStation. Why can't you just bring in my avatar from home?
You know, has this whole system built into it and maybe that's a Sony restriction. I
don't know. But it seems a little weird that you can't play with your actual avatars. I
tried to play the game online could never find a room full of people to play it with
so didn't really get to test that. And I think the questions in the game are really weird.
Like it's just only like there's no right. You would think if I'm press your luck on
the PlayStation three, I would try to ask a lot of pop culture questions or questions
geared towards 20 and 30 somethings. But there's just a lot of like weird off the wall ancient
history and obscure sports questions that seem to show up in there and it's kind of
like what? Did they just go to a trivia book and yank all this shit out? Like I don't know.
Probably what they did. And there's a really weird, like the single player mode is like
playing through 16 episodes and your goal is to try and win each episode. But the computer
opponents have these different quirks. So yeah, weird. But at the end of the day, the
game is only $10. So here's my thought. If you're bringing people over and you want to
have laughs and you have three controllers and you want to have a fun little night, this
makes for a good board game substitute. I don't think there's any substitute for an
awesome board game like clue or monopoly or catan or something like that. But this is
a fun little alternative. You know, I don't think it's anything I would take too seriously
beyond that. That's, that's basically it for pressure luck. Another game I've been playing
this week is Laura Croft and the Guardian of light, which is one of the new games that's
on Xbox 360. And I just want to give disclosure a front here. A friend of mine actually worked
on this game. So you may want to take what I'm about to say with a grain of salt, but
I assure you that bears nothing on my opinion of this game. And if I may say so, it was
covered in last month's retro gamer. Was it? But it's not a retro game. It just came out
this week. Oh, it must be because of the tomb Raider history or whatever, maybe. And, and
there is a certain kind of like retro ish feeling about this game. But, um, as far as
the game goes, you know, I still, I, I paid the 15 bucks for it. I played through the
demo and, uh, I gotta say it is awesome. I think it is one of the better Xbox live arcade
games to come out in a long time. It, here's the thing. It doesn't really feel like tomb
Raider at all to me. And I think that's why they're not calling it tomb Raider. They're
calling it this Laura Croft game, but I would honestly call it like gauntlet legends is
what it feels like more to me. It's more of, and it's very arcade feely with the score
and you know, kind of the, the way the maps are in the isometric, but it's, it's, um,
it's a good time. Uh, I played through with Alan for about three hours on Friday night.
We were just kind of going through the different levels and the, the co-op is a lot of fun.
Like some of the puzzles are really cool. Like there's all these different mechanics.
Like one of you plays as Laura Croft and she has a grappling hook that she can grab, um,
like little, um, I dunno, like little chains with, she can grab them and then grapple over
to them. And then, um, you can also play as Totek who is like a, um, Aztec warrior and
he can use a shield to either block projectiles or he can use the shield and hold it up. And
then Laura can jump on his shield or he can throw spears that then Laura can jump on.
So you really have to work together in order to be able to solve these different puzzles.
And it actually made for a lot of fun. Um, and we were kind of, you know, every level
in that game, it seems to end with this big climactic scene. Like for instance, the end
of the first level, you think you're at the end and then all of a sudden the walls start
to move and they, they start to move in and it's going to push you over into the pit of
spikes if you don't think quickly and you really have to work together. Like you have
to jump up, then you have to have Totek throw a spear. You jump on the spear, jump up, use
your grappling hook to grab Totek, bring him up. I mean, it's, it sounds complicated the
way I'm saying it, but it's, it's all very fluid and, and the way it plays out, it, it
executes a lot of fun. And you know, Alan and I are kind of yelling back and forth at
each other like, no, no, no, do this, do this, this, you know, and we actually fell on the
spikes and died one time cause we didn't have it together. But then we, you know, figured
it out the next time. That sounds like the most fun type of game. Those are the ones
that Dan and I used to play a lot together. And you know what, the co-op puzzles are done
really well. So I think, I think like if you have somebody to sit there and play it with
you, it's a lot of fun. I mean, here's one of the drawbacks to Lara Croft and it was
in the news because they didn't finish co-op on time or it's not, or buggy or I don't know
what happened, but the online co-op isn't there and it's not going to be out till the
PlayStation 3 version is out. I don't know the rhyme or reason for that, but honestly
I was playing it in house and it was fine and we had a lot of fun. I could see though
where it's really lacking, you know, if you had somebody you want to play with, but that'll
be fixed in a couple of weeks, I guess. And then the other thing is that, oh, there's
something else. There's another drawback I was trying to think of. It seemed like the
co-op game is shorter, but I think I just misread some things. So I don't, I don't want
to state that right now. I think it is the same length. It just looks weird in the summary.
But definitely there's going to be a lot of DLC for the game. But yeah, it's fun.
Character models are nice. And single player mode, what they do, they
give Laura the spear and then they alter some of the puzzles so that you can still do everything
by yourself. And I found myself playing through the first level like seven times this afternoon
because there's all these different little mini objectives and one of them is a speed
objective. Clear the level as fast as you can. And there are lots of little shortcuts
you have to take. One of them is a points objective. Take it slow, kill everything,
get all the points, grab the diamonds. So it gives a lot of different reasons to replay
the game. So I, I think it's absolutely worth checking out. I think it's one of the better
games to come out in a while and makes me excited about Tomb Raider games again, which
I never thought I'd say since like 1997. So do you feel all tingly and brand new? I guess
so, but I guess they're reinvigorating the regular franchise too. And if it's anything
like this, it's going to be awesome. So yeah, I'm, I'm a big fan of Laura Croft and the
Guardian of Light. Definitely check out the demo if nothing else. Demo is the first level
and I'll give you a, give you a feel for the game. Salacious Pop is in chat and actually
says that would give home some purpose. Can't have that. That's in reference to the avatars
on a PlayStation three. Press your luck. There you go. All right, chat.orangelandtrady.com
if you want to join us in our chat room and give your own comments. Let's get into some
housekeeping tonight and then we'll get into some actual gaming news. Housekeeping tonight.
We've been talking about a marathon episode. It was brought up last week and we were kind
of joking like, should we really do this? We're going to do it. We are going to do a
long extended marathon episode of Orange Lounge Radio. It's going to start next week live
at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com. It's going to start at two o'clock Pacific, five
o'clock Eastern. So it's a little bit earlier than usual. And 10 o'clock in London. That's
right. So this also is kind of that those of you overseas that have been wanting to
listen, here's your chance. So we're going to go for two to five with our normal show,
quote unquote. And then after that, we're going to just keep going into the wee morning
hours. We're going to go into the vault. We're going to need some extensions from the mic
so we can actually go into the vault, play some old classic games. We're going to field
a lot of comments from our chat room and kind of the listeners. We want to know some discussion
topics you want us to talk about during that time. We'll be kind of asking you guys. Low
Key, unfortunately, because of, you know, the baby and the wife and everything, he's
only going to be here for the quote unquote normal show, the first three hours, but he'll
be here and then he will be replaced. Low Key's not replaceable, of course, but we'll
have, I'm sure Dan will be here. I know Alan plans on being here and who knows what else
is actually going to be here on next Sunday to do that. And we plan on going until at
least midnight and Dark Soccer seems to think we can go even later. So we'll see. Dark Soccer,
how late do you think our marathon show should go? All right. As late as it can. And um,
let's see. Rama says, woohoo, time to alcohol down. We are actually thinking about doing
at the top of every hour. It's happy hour somewhere and we'll actually take a drink
of whatever country it happens to be happy hour in. So tune in. It's going to be a good
time. There you go. All right. Um, I think that's it for housekeeping. I don't have a
whole lot else. Add us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio. We're also on Twitter,
twitter.com slash O L R. Visit our website at orange laundry.com. There's been a few
forum posts over the past a few weeks that have been nice and so on. Let's get into some
actual gaming news now. Loki, what is going on in the gaming world? Uh, lots of stuff
this week. I'm starting off and this kind of a little frustrating for me, um, because
I was actually, you know, I had the opportunity to participate in this and uh, unfortunately
due to, um, emails being eaten by a spam filter, I missed out. I think I could be wrong though.
Um, but the connect beta is, um, starting right now. Apparently, um, if you are part
of the Microsoft connect program, which I am, um, you get, you know, the occasional
survey and beta tests announcements and that kind of stuff. Well, they sent out invites
to, um, I'm not sure if it's all the members or some of the members, but, uh, people are
getting invites to the connect beta, which they would actually send them a connect motion
camera as well as some software to test out and the new dashboard update that's going
to be coming out this fall. Um, which includes some other cool stuff, including, um, some
audio enhancements and stuff like that. So hopefully that means that, um, everybody doesn't
sound like a little kid. It's weird. Like when I was using, um, when sometimes when
I'm out sick or something, you know, I have to take time off for my wife or the kid or
whatever. Um, and I play against my coworkers at work. They sound like little kids over
the mics. Um, even though that's not what they sound like, I'm, you know, in real life.
Um, it's just really weird how badly the audio is distorted. So I'm hoping that that actually
gets better. Isn't the connect device, doesn't it have a microphone on it too?
Um, it does. Yeah, sure. The room noise. So maybe they're doing audio enhancements to
kind of better, you know, for the room talking. Like if I'm sitting way back on the couch
and connects all the way in the front of the room, like it, it's got to use a different
type of sensory. Yes and no. But the reason why they're doing the upgrade to that is before
it's kind of like how our radio station was before on live three 65 or even the podcast,
how before we were kind of catering towards, you know, low bandwidth, you know, 64 K type
stuff now they're updating that because most people have broadband and that's why I see.
Okay. Yeah. More bandwidth to play with. So, Oh, you know, it might also be the closure
of original Xbox. Uh, that's, that's possible. Um, because it says basically that the basic
codec had originally required just a 64 K connection and it's time for us to move on.
Um, especially if we want to think about broadening, um, a crackly headset on top of your head,
not what people think about when they're talking about popular entertainment. And you know,
I agree the audio quality should be better so that I can actually hear what people are
saying. Um, instead of just hearing mumbling, cause that's what I hear a lot of times. Yeah.
If you go back and listen to old episodes of orange launch radio, I mean they're out
there, there's information on the forums. Just remember guys, it was a very different
show in 2002. If you go listen to it back when it was dial up friendly radio as we used
to call it, you know, it was what, 56 K MP3, no, 24 K MP3 pro or something like that. I
don't know what it was. It was, the quality was not very hot if you listen to the recordings
from back then and you know, the, the quality has come a long way. So I'm, I'm hoping it'll
be just as fast of a difference, uh, over Xbox live. Uh, but basically though the beta
testers will be getting, I guess, um, uh, connected ventures, connect sports and connect
joy ride, uh, beta versions of those as well. And I do believe there's also a beta version
of, uh, dance central as well that's being sent out because, um, it's probably the five
song demo that's been, um, yeah, I think it's something similar to that. Uh, so that'd be
kind of cool. And those are actually supposed to be sent out now. Um, you should have gotten
an email letting you know that's going to happen. I, like I said, I didn't realize that
I had gotten this invite way back from like on the eighth. Uh, so I just registered the
other day, but I'm crossing my fingers because not everybody that registers gets into it
and I've been led into other beta programs. So it would be nice because one, I like getting
stuff early and two, I don't want to have to necessarily pay for this. Uh, you know,
especially now with the baby and everything, but well, well just in case, Loki, this is
for you for missing out. There you go. Thank you for that. You're welcome. Anytime. What
are friends for going to our chat room at chat, that orange lounge radio.com. Tiger
claw says Microsoft may improve the quality of the voice chat, but still have yet to improve
the quality of the people behind the voice. That is true. You will be able to, you will
be able to hear all the horrible insults from 12 year olds and high fidelity. Now you can
hear F star star K and I star star star F star G and all those wonderful words. No,
it'd be awesome though. Cause you know how they have like the really bad, you know, voice
dubbing in those like made for TV or not even necessarily made for TV, but how they have
the television cable friendly versions of movies and stuff like, you know, the really
bad ones where they'll actually like change words to like hotdog or kazoo or some weird
ass word. Um, it'd be funny if they had some sort of algorithm to detect what people are
saying and to kind of do that on the fly. Ah, I see. Wasn't there a story? I mean, it
was some time ago, like a couple of years ago about a patent filed by, I want to say
it was Microsoft. It was a long time ago, but I want to say we talked about a story
because we had a good laugh at it about that type of technology that it could actually
understand the word fuck and it would replace it. And I don't know, like part of me wants
to say it came out the next week that it was all a lie. It was a red herring. It was a
joke, but I don't know. I want to say that story was out there for some reason. It was
a while ago. It would be funny though. Be interesting if this might be the implementation
of such technology. I doubt it. Yeah. Uh, let's see. A shadow runner in our chat says
people still have dial up. I thought that died and act def says dial up still exists.
Believe it or not. You know, a lot of people are still on that. Mike, my parents are still
on dial up. They will not switch. They say it's too expensive and like my phone has faster
internet than they get at their house. Something else to consider though, you know, a lot
of us are spoiled living in big cities out in the rural areas. Not everybody's wild wired
for, um, super fast internet. I mean, I think they have like satellite internet and some
other like workarounds. Some people live in the woods where everything is interrupted
by trees or something else to consider other countries. Like, you know, do you think some
countries outside of America, Europe, Japan are as wired for, I guess when I say Europe,
I mean Britain and in the surrounding countries. I'm don't, don't send your emails saying Europe
is not a country. Um, but you know what I mean? Like a lot of these, those areas are
regions of us to say are better wired for internet than others. You know what I mean?
Yeah. So if Xbox is going to kind of ramp up the, uh, connection you need, they're kind
of given the finger to these people. Really? Because you can't really play on Xbox live
with dial up. So who cares? But you can play with like a, can't you play with the satellite
link, which isn't, it's faster than dial up, but it's definitely not as fast as cable or
even DSL. We may have connection issues cause that's just like playing on our, uh, work,
you know, network. It's the connection's not very quick and we get a lot of disconnects
with because of that, but it still works when it works. Yeah. Rama in our chat says most
ISPs are offering cable modem service for 1999. You know what? I, I probably believe
you, I probably should help my parents price this, but I kind of secretly think that my
mom is just telling my dad it's too expensive cause she knows that if they buy it, he'll
be on the internet all the time. But I'm also thinking my mother is starting to learn how
to use the internet and use email. So why wouldn't she want faster internet? I don't
know. I guess you'll have to ask them. So there you go. Anything else about the connect
program? Loki, anything else to know? I mean, this is just around the corner at this point,
right? About two months away. Um, well the connected, yeah, it's coming out November
4th. The actual, um, devices will be out, you know, soon as Microsoft sends them out.
Let me ask this question. Why are they doing a beta program for this? It seems weird because
you, we haven't heard of a lot of hardware beta tests. I mean, the last one I can remember
is the PlayStation two hard drive for Final Fantasy 11, but I don't hear this a lot. It's
really kind of unusual for them to be doing a lot of these. I would think it just word
of mouth maybe, um, getting people excited about it. You know, they're, there's, you
know, a vast amount of NDA, you know, items on there. They're basically not wanting people
to share, you know, what's included in the new dashboard update and all this stuff. But
people talk anyways and I think that they realize that and it's just kind of like, you
know, Ooh, information I'm not supposed to know. I'm more interested now, you know, instead
of just, I don't know. So the whole thing is just a marketing thing. Or I mean, but
I'm sure at the same time though, there is like some troubleshooting stuff that they're
probably doing. Um, you know, just seeing, Hey, are there any bugs that we haven't thought
of yet that maybe are in this that we could patch day one or something. Um, you know,
that kind of stuff. But I'm curious how well that video chat works. I just want one. That's
all because I was actually kind of interested in the connect stuff, the move I could care
less about, but you know, it would be kind of fun. I would like to try out dance masters
before it comes out. So I don't look like a total tool trying to play the game. Good
luck with that. I mean, you know, it's all, yes, I understand. Yeah, there's a lot of
the thing is when you look at choreographed dancing, um, it looks stupid if one person's
doing it. If a bunch of people are doing it at the same time, it looks cool because it's
all in sync. But when one person's doing it, it's not so cool. You mean or paradise? Exactly.
Like one person playing that game usually looked a little bit ridiculous, but when everybody
would stand behind the machine doing the same dance, like people would walk up like, how
do they know that? What do they do? What? It's a cult. That game is a cult. It's a trap.
Yeah. So that, that's the thing. You know, they're going to have like the routines from
like the music videos for some of these songs and yeah, it'll be kind of cool. Um, you would
have a bunch of people doing it, but can you imagine a bunch of sober people doing this
together? I can't imagine that. I'll, all I can imagine is, Hey, I'm going to play dance
masters and everyone going, ha, you look stupid or you know, what's going to be awesome is
learning on dance central. Let's say like how to dance to poker face central. I mean,
not dance masters, dance masters look stupid. Well, whatever. But like, let's say like you
learned the dance to, I don't know, poker face on dance central and like you and like
five year friends, I'll learn this dance and then you all go out to the club and when that
song comes on, you can all just start doing the dance. You're going to look weird. Well,
no, no. And people are going to look like you, you may look, but here's the thing though.
If you're all doing at the same time, it actually might look kind of cool. And people in clubs,
you know, they're kind of drunk anyways, so it doesn't matter. Um, no, but now, now if
you take a hilarious flash mobbing, it would be kind of cool. I mean, cause people, especially
if you have a bunch of hot chicks with you, no one's going to care. Um, you know, but
if you do what you learn and say dance masters in a club, people are going to think you're
a fucking idiot because it looks like Para. And unless you go to a club in Japan, I think
anytime you have a group of three or more, all doing the same thing, no matter what it
is, like in sync, it's going to be like interesting. I think it is weird. I mean, at least piece.
It kind of reminds me of when I used to go to the club long time ago. Um, there was a
guy that looked like he, it was literally like some grandpa dressed up like Michael
Jackson doing stuff. And it didn't matter what he was doing. It's interesting because
you're like, that's something I don't see every day. And that's the other thing too.
I mean, it'll get people's attention and really going to clubs. That's all what it's about.
It's getting people's attention because you know, that's what you crave. I don't know
how often you've been to gay bars, Loki, but there's, that's, that's like all the people
there on the dance floor, all that old man in the thriller outfit. Like I can think of
like, it takes a lot to stand out like that at a gay bar. It really does. Like the one
I remember is this fierce old drag queen that used to wear like a leotard looking like Jane
Fonda out of the 1980s. They used to do like goth dancing to pop songs. That was unique.
That is unique. That's a, that was genres right there. That's right. It was, it was,
well, you know, America's the melting pot. So that sounds Rob. That sounds divine. Yes.
Yes. There will be interested in, in like dance central because look at how well, um,
just dance did. I mean that came out with like fucking nowhere. Just dance at the top
of the charts for like weeks. It's still, you know, a really popular Wii game. Where
the hell did that come from? So you know, if that has that kind of popularity and we
get the kind of support from, um, you know, harmonics with this, it'll be awesome. So
we'll just have to wait, which if they're given money, you know, they will. Yes. I'm
hoping the support's awesome. On the other hand, dance masters, Konami promises download
content, but I have yet to see them actually come through with the download. We'll see.
You never know. Yeah. One thing I've been checking out, I upgraded my iPhone. Finally
I have one of the fours now and uh, I checked out like the DDR apps actually run smoothly
on the iPhone four. Now I was looking at DDR S plus the iPhone one and it's basically just
nothing but microtransactions, but there's a lot of songs in there and a lot of current
songs too. Like just dance by lady Gaga. You can't touch this by MC hammer and you know,
funny throwbacks like that. It does have a pretty extensive song library. I gotta say
I was, I was surprised cause I was expecting the library to be nothing but the same old
damn songs from fourth mix, fifth mix, max, max to extreme, you know, all the same old
songs, but it wasn't. There's a lot of different stuff in there. Kind of neat. Well I know
you can't touch this is actually in DDR X and I think just dance might be in one of
the newer probably are from other DDR games, but I was just surprised that they were licenses
no matter what it is. They, they are commercial. You know, they are still coming out with a
dance dance revolution. Remember how they were going back to dance dance revolution
to make it really confusing for the PS3 and the Wii. It's the move one. Oh, they're, they're
different games. Dance Dance Revolution on the Wii is just, it's an extension of hottest
party and they're not saying it, but it's, it's the same old like balance board mode
and all that stuff. And then the one on the PS3 is the move and then the 360 is not getting
DDR. It's getting dance masters. That's how it's working. Yeah, there it is. All right.
Hope you wrote down what I said really fast. If you need an explanation and something you
could use to write down real fast is a peripheral we talked about last week on the show. The
U-Draw. Remember this? Nice segue. Yeah, it's awesome, huh? The U-Draw was the third party
tablet that they were, I believe THQ was making it to do like a Pictionary game and there's
another game that they were making with this. Well, Dude's Adventure and then there's also
some actual drawing game that comes with the tablet. I'm glad someone was paying attention
last week. All right, well, there's a rumor out this week and it's being run on gonintendo.com,
which you know, they, they love their Nintendo over there. I guess they have a tipster who
says they have inside info on the U-Draw and I'm thinking if I'm Go Nintendo, I don't run
with this unless I know that there is some clout to this. You know, they've been around
a little while. So, here's the quote. Both games, talking about Nintendo themselves getting
into making games for the U-Draw, are designed with the mass market gamer in mind, yet honor
the passion of traditional gamers. And of course, one of the huge speculations right
off the bat, Mario Paint. Finally, a new Mario Paint on the Wii. Could it really be happening?
That'd be awesome. The Go Nintendo also speculates Kirby Canvas Curse, perhaps. Although, honestly,
insert any DS game here, they can make an adaptation for it. I don't know if they would
do another Kirby game that soon after Kirby's Epic Yarn, but. But if they're making it now,
it probably wouldn't be out until next Christmas, right? I want a Mario Paint and I want the
music mode. I think a Mario Paint would be great, although I believe it's one of those
games you sort of see through retro colored glasses where it was awesome when you were
12, but now it's... But the music mode was pretty rad. And there's still like a cultish
community for that. Imagine if they... There's an emulator for just the music mode. Okay,
imagine if they brought back Mario Paint. Just... Call this a dream game if you want,
but just... This is... If Nintendo knew what they were doing... Maybe this could be a segment
on the show. If Nintendo knew what they were doing, what would happen to Mario Paint? Here,
let me help you with that. Yeah. Free help, free advice. They would bring back the Mario
music mode, but what they would do is they would really cash in on this whole chiptune
thing that's being made big again with the Scott Pilgrim game, and you know, chiptunes
are just kind of in right now. And a lot of the little symbols would make chiptune-y type
of noises, and it would be really easy in Mario Paint Wii to make chiptune sounds. And
they would still have some of the dumb stuff, like the cats meowing and the dogs barking
that people make songs out of, but if they really wanted to make a really thorough chiptune...
And when I say thorough, I mean it's still easy to use like the old Mario Paint was,
but it has a lot of options. I think there's a big cash cow there for that. And then imagine,
again, if Nintendo knew what they were doing, you could upload to the internet and share
with other people. What a concept. What a concept! Or publish... I know this might be
hard to imagine, but if Nintendo knew what they were doing, if you put an SD card...
And there's obviously a joke here, because Nintendo is the number one system. They do
know what they're doing in some regards, but you know, if Nintendo wanted to make me happy,
you have those SD cards that you can put in the slot on the Wii. Imagine if the chiptune
music-making mode in this hypothetical Mario Paint game that I've completely made up, you
could export MP3s to the SD card. Oh my god. It wouldn't be MP3s. Oh my god. It would be
AAC files because, remember, they don't support MP3s anymore. Okay, fine. AACs then. Still.
Still. It would be amazing. It would be very amazing. And then while you're at it, you
release a DS version, or a DSi version that comes out as well, where not only can you
draw stuff, but you can take pictures of things and then, you know, edit them and do all that
fun stuff. Alright, well, what do you guys think the other game could possibly be? Mario
Paint, I think, is the number one fanboy request. What would be the other one? If you were making
a game for UDraw in a Nintendo franchise, what do you think it could be? Magic Pen Jell.
It's not Nintendo franchise. That'd be awesome. Maybe if Nintendo made an RPG or something
like that. I don't think I played... That game was so sweet. Graffiti Kingdom, I remember
that came out, that was pretty awesome too, but I didn't play that very much. I'm gonna
say the other drawing game is a generic Wii blank game. Like, Wii Party, Wii Sports, Wii...
One of those, what's the island called now that they have all these games on, and the
Wii Fit? There's gonna be a Wii Draw. That's the other Nintendo game. It's just Wii Draw.
Of course, then again, that would just be Mario Paint, wouldn't it? So maybe that's
what you're getting instead of Mario Paint. What if they had it where you can play Pikmin
on it or something like that? Ah, now you're talking. Or like an RTS of some sort. Recreation
of the stylus. Like with DS games. Imagine how much easier, by the way, playing Cooking
Mama on the Wii would be. With a U-Draw. Yeah. Perhaps. Well, you know, it's not Cooking
Mama anymore, it's Crafting Mama. That's the next one. The other thing I wanted to say
about this real quick, isn't it weird though that you have a first party person supporting
a third party device? Like, if Nintendo was planning on making games for this, wouldn't
they just suddenly say, maybe we want to buy this and make it a first party peripheral?
Like it seems weird to me that THQ is putting this out, but Nintendo is supporting it. These
things are supposed to work in reverse. Um, not necessarily, because they could just team
up with them and have it actually where they release the peripheral. It'll probably be
bundled with one of their games. Like if they came out with a Mario Paint, for example,
it would be bundled with the U-Draw tablet. It's just, you know, made by third parties.
It's kind of like, um, well, I don't know. There's not really anything out there that's
kind of like that right now, where there's supporting a, you know, third party device.
That's what I'm saying. But hey, whatever. There's a first for everything. I guess that's
true. Okay, Dark Sakura, speaking of firsts, she hasn't gotten to give us a news story
tonight yet. I know! Okay, how about some stuff for Red Dead Redemption? AKA Grand Theft
Horse. And I hate that these stupid ads on the site decide that they want to completely
cover the entire page and not give me the little button to close the damn thing. There.
Anyway, um, this is for Red Dead Redemption, the Liars and Cheats pack has a date in the
UK. And for the PS3 and 360, it will be released on the 21st of September. It'll be 7.99
on PlayStation Network and 800 Microsoft Points. That's roughly 9.60 in Euros. So, um, it was
going to be free, but they've decided to make it super nice and then they can give away
free packs. So, anyway, it's going to have different multiplayer modes, one called Stronghold,
where you take turns as attack and defense, multiplayer horse races, poker, liar's dice,
an explosive rifle, gang hideouts, hunting grounds, and 15 of the characters in story
mode will be playable character skins. So that's cool. So, Loki, you play a lot of Grand
Theft Auto at work, and Dark Soccer made a joke calling it Grand Theft Horse. Why do
you think Red Dead Redemption hasn't caught on with your little crowd? Well, we did. We
play that sometimes. It's just we don't have four copies of it. We only have three. So
we don't really play. And the thing about Red Dead Redemption that doesn't really work
too well for a multiplayer is, I mean, the free mode stuff is kind of fun, but if you
want to do deathmatch, you have to basically go to a deathmatch location on the map and
then you have to trigger it and invite your other people in there. And if it's anything
like the times we've tried to set up before, the game's really dumb as far as setting up
games. Like, for example, we set up a deathmatch one time, and I invited everybody. They accepted.
It started loading the game, and then we ended up in the three separate deathmatches where
we were the only player there. I was like, what the hell? So that's why we don't play
Red Dead Redemption right now. We've been just playing Grand Theft Auto. It's fun to
stick with. Plus, they're really itching for me to get the mod game back up again so we
can play that again, because that was some of the best games we've ever played. And the
best part about it is, the guy that made one of the mod tools, OpenIV, they have a beta
version that's out there now that I signed up for the beta for that, and the new version
allows us to edit the files for Red Dead Redemption. Ah, make your own expansion pack. But it's
a very different format, so that's something I need to explore. I have to dump it to my
hard drive first, but it'll be interesting to check that out. I also had another bit
for this story as well. For Red Dead Redemption, there's a rumor going around that they're
casting for the movie and asked to Brad Pitt. Wow, I just saw that comment from Tiger Claw
in our chat room, too. It was saying that at chat.orangehunter.com, he said, oh yeah,
you heard that Brad Pitt might star in a Red Dead Redemption movie. Why does that sound
like fanboy wank to me? It sounds like fanboy wank to me. Well, according to this, they've
given him first refusal on it, so, I don't know. You know, I also heard, I saw on Live
Journal or somewhere that apparently they cast, what's his name from Lost, Matthew Fox
as the main guy in Mass Effect, which I guess they're making an actual movie out of. And
I looked at that and I said, boy, that sounds like fanboy wank. I didn't even know they
were gonna make a legitimate Mass Effect movie. I thought they would wait until the trilogy
is done. But maybe they're gonna try to release it at the same time? I don't know. Well, I
have to check and see. I didn't read the show roll all the way yet, but there was another
movie thing, I don't remember if we're talking about it or not. I don't think so. I don't
think so. If we spoil it, we spoil it, oops. And whatever, okay, so it's that, and honestly,
I am not familiar with this series because I don't own an iPhone or something like that,
but was it Big Angry Bird or something like that? Oh yeah, I've heard of Angry Birds.
So they're supposed to be making a movie out of that. That sounds dumb, but I don't know.
Interesting. I don't know what kind of game you'd make out of that, but whatever. I think
what it's come down to is the movie industry is really hurting for original ideas, so now
they're trying to just develop everything into a movie. And a perfect example of that
is the whole Hasbro licensing with the Ouija game, or Ouija game, the movie, or Battleship
the movie, or Monopoly the movie. They did Ouija the movie, it was called The Exorcist.
Or this nonsense that they're remaking Clue, the movie. They're not remaking the 80s version
of Clue, which will always be a timeless classic. Oh no, yeah. They're just gonna make a new
movie based off of Clue that'll be, I'm sure it's wonderful, the piece of cinema is the
Clue 2 murder and disguise VCR game where you get to see Mr. Green dressed up as Madame
Rose. It was quality cinema. So yeah, it's just terrible ideas right now. It's very unfortunate.
So yes, last week we talked a little bit about a possible Playstation 3 mod chip, which apparently
is real. And it is being dealt with swiftly by Sony as well. It was confirmed, I guess,
by a bunch of different sources that, you know, despite the fact that one video showed
it running on a dev console, it is actually the real deal. It's actually sold out as well.
And of course, it goes without saying that Sony, they say they have a way to detect whether
you're running it or not, and they will ban you. So buyer beware, I suppose. And apparently
the device is kind of similar to the Pandora battery that was on the PSP. They're not sure
if they can actually block the device from working with a software update. They may actually
have to change the way the hardware is made in order to block the device from working.
And Sony has actually, Sony Australia has granted a temporary injunction by the federal
court to block the importation and sale of the new mod chips as well. It is a temporary
injunction means until August 31st. So during that time, actually Sony will have, I guess,
they're the only ones that they can be sold to, and I'm not sure if they actually get
to seize the hardware or whatever.
But that's just, like this device wasn't made in Australia, right?
This isn't made in Australia, but Oz Mod Chips was one of the first, you know, first mod
chip reseller that has, you know, had these chips. So, I don't know, it puts, I guess
it blocks something. You know, we'll see, August 31st is like, what, a couple days away,
so it might just be, you know, especially if they aren't granted an extension on that,
you better believe that they're going to kick that shit out of the door immediately, so.
Or you could just import one from the US, Canada, Switzerland, right?
Exactly, so. Unless, unless, and I don't know, unless maybe they were the first ones to get
it, and then those companies are buying it from Oz Mod Chips, who knows.
And so of course, yeah, the, basically the temporary injunction does halt the sale to
anyone but Sony. Apparently, they are legally forced to sell the PS jail breaks to Sony,
and in any case, they, I guess they have a chance to figure out how the thing works in
the meantime. I'm sure that they could buy one anyways. They probably will try to figure
out how it works. And if anything, it probably works very similar to the way their, I guess,
dev kit stuff works. And then of course, the reason why they're trying to, or they got
the temporary injunction anyways, is saying that apparently the device uses some sort
of code that's from the dev, you know, dev kit or something like that, that, you know,
is proprietary and that, you know, it's violating whatever. Of course, the, whoever is making
these chips actually are saying that they don't use any of that stuff, and they aren't
too worried by what's going on. They're saying, you know, there was kind of a short back and
forth Q&A with them. It says, companies in Australia get a lot of problems. Sony halts
Australian resellers. Is this a big problem? And it says it's a temporary injunction until
August 31st. Will be reached then. Nothing illegal has been done. It's just a scare tactic.
And it says there's no copyright code and we have not interfered with any intellectual
property laws. The device is designed for homebrew. Nothing illegal. I guess you can
say nothing illegal, but yeah, obviously it can be used both ways. The product is very
different from every other mod. Nothing illegal. Once again, they, you know, reinforcing that.
Yes, but all these shops, returning customers, money back, people informed saying the order
is canceled. It says it's just a scare tactic. It's obviously working. It will work in Europe
also. Then everyone will be missing out on lots of profits. Too bad for everyone who
gets scared easily. The strong ones will make out more now. And it says, yes, technically
shops do not know anything or know how the USB 6 works. Boot code or something like that
because of this, people are scared and think that they can't win. We don't want to take
the risk. Um, but you understand, you see, um, nothing, there's nothing to be scared
about. No copyright infringement, no your affairs. They sound very foreign because it's
very broken English, but we'll see. Um, like I said, I have one on order for the hell of
it because I like to get everything, especially stuff that people don't want me to have. And
uh, nice rationale, whatever, you know, I don't have to, you know, justify it. I spend
plenty of money on games. Um, and then, so I have one on order and I'm not worried about
it cause you know, like they said, you know, if, if for some reason Sony does put some
permanent injunction, if you know, prevents them from selling it, I get my money back.
If they don't, I get a mod chip. I don't see how I lose out in this scenario. So it's not
a big deal. All right. Well, I don't know if the jailbreak will help out with this situation
if it's adopted by Sony, but it's something that's becoming more and more popular. We've
talked about it quite at length on this show. It's the online pass. Yeah. You remember that?
Uh, it's showing up in the EA sports games now and I think THQ Ubisoft supposedly is
putting this on board. Um, and if you don't remember what the online pass is, it's where
you pay $10 if you buy the game used for like a code so that you can actually play the game
online and unlock other features. Um, it's locked out if you don't have the code. Obviously
if you buy the game new, it comes with a code. Well guess what company is supposedly getting
on board? Sony. That's right. Sony themselves for their first party games. This is a comment
from a Sony computer entertainment Europe, Andrew House quote on the principle of making
online portions of the game available or unlocked from the disc base released for a fee. We're
broadly supportive of that and we're exploring actively the same option for our own content.
Because of mod chips like this. I mean, think about that. That's one way. Well, we'll prevent
people from getting online because they will have access to a code to get online. Therefore,
you know, enticing people to buy games. Now, of course this story made rounds all over
the internet because, you know, here in Sony is going to jump on board, gets, you know,
people's ears perked. But I like this particular perspective on it that was on Destructoid.
One of their authors over there when they ran the story said this, I thought this was
very good. Again, this is from Destructoid.com. Quote, it seems that this is most certainly
the future of online play. Buy new or pay for it. I still think it's ludicrous. The
industry relies more on trading credit than I think any publisher will want to admit.
And if trade in values are diminished because of this, well, good luck trying to compete
in an already competitive market when gamers find themselves even less able to afford your
$60 luxuries and sums it up with this. The author does. If used games disappeared tomorrow,
the market would crash. I guarantee it. I think that's true. Um, he makes an interesting point.
I it's, it's, it's a really interesting point. Well, it is an interesting point and here,
here's my point to it right now. As of right now, the stuff that they seem to be targeting
is sports games. You know, I don't know if you should, if you're a sports game or if
you should take offense to that because really they're the ones that they seem to be targeting
because right now it's just UFC 2010, the, uh, Tiger Woods, you know, or Tiger Woods
2011, NCAA 11, Madden 11, um, and then of course, um, Smackdown versus Raw 11. Those
are all, if you would consider sports titles right now. And they're also talking that this
is going to be done in, I guess, MLB, the show 11. It's interesting that you say that
because Raman, our chat room at chat.orangelandstrategy.com says, I have no problem with the online pass
since they're just for sports games. Once it passes to non sports games, then I'll have
a problem with it. Um, it seems to me there's different types of gamers too. You know, you
have, um, you have people that buy their systems, their consoles, and this is a significant
amount of people for nothing but Madden, NBA, and a lot of those games that Loki named save
for the occasional Halo, Call of Duty, and those types of, of mega games. And then you
have kind of the gamers, like I think the majority of the people that listen to our
show that like to play some of the more gamer oriented titles that really have nothing to
do with sports games. And of course there's some crossover as I'm not saying none of you
like to play sports games. Even I like Double Dribble and Blades of Steel and some of those
old school sports games. But you know what I mean. Like, you know, there, there definitely
is kind of two factions of gaming if you will. So it is interesting that only this one seems
to be impacted so far by this. Um, and something I would like to add, it was a story that didn't
make our show roll, but I thought it was very ballsy of them to be, you know, making this
sort of argument. But THQ basically called people that buy used games cheaters. Like
they're cheating, you know, the devs out of, you know, their hard earned money or something.
That's ridiculous.
That's just kind of an ignorant argument. Like I re- I'm trying to see where they're
coming from, but that's very ignorant to the world we live in because like, does Paramount
Pictures and 20th Century Fox say that about used DVD sales and used Blu-ray sales and
a lot of the used- I mean, what is a garage sale? Is a garage sale a cheating party? Like
just, I mean, selling your old shit is a part of American culture.
Here's what I don't understand that they're complaining anyways because, here's the thing.
When they've sold it to their retailer, they've already sold their copies to the retailer,
they have their money, it's up to the retailer to decide, hey, if people are buying used
copies, then, you know, that sucks for me because I still have this new copy on the
shelf or something like that. But I don't under- it's dumb.
Basically anyways, THQ's Corey Ledesma basically said, I don't think we really care whether
used game buyers are upset because the new game buyers get everything. He says, so if
used game buyers are upset that they don't get online features set, I don't really have
much sympathy for them. That's a little blunt, but we hope it doesn't disappoint people.
We hope that people understand that when the games bought used, we get cheated.
I don't see how you get cheated because there's still the same amount of people playing your
damn game that there were before. You know, I don't understand how that you're cheated.
And if anything, say someone buys it used and they like it, then they go out and buy
it in the next version. Say, you know, I bought Saints Row One used or something like that,
and I'm like, whoa, this is an awesome game. And Saints Row Two comes out, I buy it new
day one. I don't understand how they lose out on this, but I'll tell you something,
I'm not fucking buying your sports games, so whatever. And I'll tell you why, man. I'll
think twice about buying your other games if you have this kind of crap.
Or the U-Draw, which we talked about earlier in the show.
Well, the U-Draw's not going to have that because Wii doesn't really do online stuff
too much, and that's not really what they're going after, but it's still retarded to think
that-
It's still, it's the same company.
And they've made excuses left and right, and you know, oh, we get cheated out of stuff.
Well, wait a second, you get cheated because you're not selling a new copy, and so you're
trying to entice people to buy new copies? But I thought before you were saying that
you needed this extra money to support your online services that you're now providing
extra options for. Oh, wait, but now you're just saying that it's because, you know, all
these U-Sails are really cutting into your profits. Be glad you're selling copies at
all, because if you keep this kind of attitude up, you know, hey, let me tell you this much,
it hasn't helped Activision too much.
Uh, gotta go to our chatroom, chat.orangessontrady.com. Rama just kind of takes one glove off and
slaps THQ across the face, saying, no, the companies that market the games at $59.99
are cheaters.
And, and the other thing too, is on top of all that stuff, calling these people cheaters
and stuff, and you're putting out these sports games, and I don't want to make generic, you
know, I don't want to put out generic opinions of these sports games, but a lot of people
kind of agreed that a lot of times these are just kind of roster updates that they put
out each year, and...
Well, to be fair, it's the way that that faction looks at music games.
Exactly. And, and don't get me wrong, I mean, a lot of music games out there, especially
the Guitar Freak series, is just a different song list each year, and, and that's it. But
I mean, there isn't, it's not like, you know, vast improvements between each game, and the
fact that they're saying, oh, well, we want you to pay extra money for this, oh, and then
we have this download content that could have been added in there for free, but, you know,
we want a little bit more money, and oh, now you bought it used, so now you have to pay
for online access.
But guess what, you know? Maybe the used players will learn not to really give a shit about
the online access. Then what are you gonna do? Oh, look, they bought all your used games,
you're still getting cheated, and they're not buying your stupid, you know, internet
access.
Let me get to other chatroom comments. ActDeaf in our chatroom says, don't know, the used
DVDs and Blu-ray market ain't that big. Keep in mind, he's in another country, so I, I
don't know if, if that changes the perspective. I mean, I think if there's a store here that
does nothing but sell used DVDs and, and that sort of thing.
I can, I can tell you right now that the, the studios don't like used sales, because
at one time we were buying, because you know, Redbox and stuff, they have, they turn over
their DVDs quite quick, and they have to offload all that used product. Well, we used to buy
it, and then turn around and sell it. They don't care for that too much, but it, you
know, it's still legal practice, but they, what they do now is they make them destroy
their product after all these deals that they have in place with the vendors. But they don't
care for it too much, but it doesn't really impact them too much. They kind of blame piracy
over, you know, any, a few movies used, but okay. Maybe, maybe it's just because we have
this handy-dandy store near me that it makes it really easy.
Um, Akdeft goes on to say, they're cheated out of the money they should have supposed
to get with the sale of the new game. Uh, let's see, Rama says, I'm sorry, THQ, wrestling
games are not sports games, since WWE and so on is sports entertainment. Satellite Minded
says, people are already paying to play games online. Why do they have to pay more for content
that's on the disc? And Tiger Claw says, it all comes down to one word, greed.
And I agree, and you know what? Um, it's kind of funny though, like, if Microsoft did this,
I think there would be a shit storm, you know, because people are already paying for online
access and they'd be like, why the fuck do I got to pay for more online access?
That's probably why they don't.
It's probably smart to do this. It's probably like, let's see how it plays out over there.
It's not a popular idea. Um, I just don't think it's necessary. If you want to make
your, here's what you need to do. It's so simple, and you know, a lot of times they're
doing it already, but all you got to do is just sell download content, you know? You
don't even necessarily have to, you know, cut stuff out of your game, but just support
it with download content and you'll make a lot of money back, whether they bought it
new or used. If they bought it new, great, you make that sale and you make additional
money, but if they bought it used, they're still buying download content. And I don't
see how you lose out of that because that's digital. It's pure profit, pretty much.
Alright, let's move on. We spent a lot of time on this topic. We've got a lot more stories
to cover. Speaking of legal things, I believe Dark Sakura's got a more legally oriented
story for us. They could also be setting a precedent soon for the future of games.
That I do. There is a case that was, the US Supreme Court is going to be reviewing Schwarzenegger
versus the Entertainment Merchants Association about a law that they're trying to get passed
here that would put fines on renting or selling violent games to kids. Because, and the way
they're trying to get around the First Amendment rule is that they're easier to get their hands
on and would cause more immediate harm than seeing it through TV movies or the internet.
How is buying a video game easier than TV? TV, you turn a box on and it, that astounds
me. That's a bold argument. It's dumb. I don't understand why they're making this argument.
They're wasting time on issues that really don't need to be even focused on.
The rest of the issue, too, is that while there are rules protecting minors from sexual
imagery, there's not too many about violence. The way that I see that is, again, it's scapegoapism.
You know, easy target, let's put everything on the video games and absolve the parents
of their responsibility.
Exactly. That's all it is. Because, you know, if the parents aren't going to be responsible,
the government's got to be responsible for the kids, right? Because that's the stance
that they want to take. I think it's absolutely stupid that they're going to have laws. They're
even going to, really, I think it might be a way to generate some revenue, you know,
for, you know, the states or whatever, just so they can find these people and make some
extra money. Maybe that's why they're driven to do this. But I don't see, I think it's
really up to the parent to decide what's appropriate for their children.
Agreed.
You know, you want to play violent video games and that's fine. Like, you know, Halo and
M-rated game, I don't think that's really that bad. I think, you know, an adolescent,
you know, kid can handle that kind of stuff because it's really sci-fi. Now, Manhunt or
something like that, that's a little different. But it's all what you decide is appropriate
for your child.
I know I've brought this up before, but have you seen that episode in Season 7 of Bullshit
where they talked about video games and they had You Know Who on it?
No.
Well, they did this one and they got permission for everything. There's a kid who's really
good at first person shooters, like seven or eight years old. And so they get a marine
or an ex-marine or someone who's really, you know, who's a big gamer and also really good
with guns, runs a shooting range. And they take the kid out to go shoot an actual gun,
a real gun. His mom's there. They've got cops there. Everything's cool. Kids shot the gun
once and didn't want to touch it again. And it had him reduced to tears. So clearly there
is a difference. You know, if you play a game, you know, a violent game on the TV or even
a little gun game on the TV versus shooting an actual firearm.
I've gone into a similar thing on this show. You know, I enjoy the occasional, you know,
earthquake, unreal tournament and shooting game, but I don't like guns at all. I don't
ever want one in my house. I'm against them for me. I realize there's a second amendment.
If other people want to have them, that's their right. But for me, I hate guns, like
real ones. And, but I like gun games.
But see, it's totally, it doesn't teach you how to kill people. If anything, it teaches
you maybe, you know, tactics and stuff like that. But it does, in the end, it doesn't
teach you how to actually fire the weapon or use the weapon or anything like that.
And the human mind is going to be far more creative than an AI in a game would be.
Let me get to our chatroom chat.ornisadger.com. Frisbee wants to know California residents,
when does Arnold leave the governor seat? January, I believe. And ironically enough,
just a couple of days after this is heard is the election. And it's, it's past the primaries
and it's down to the Meg Whitman's, the former CEO of eBay. She's the Republican. And then
you have Jerry Brown, who was the governor of California in the late seventies, early
eighties. Um, but because term limits didn't go in until after he was in office, he's able
to run again. So it's a very interesting matchup. Very interesting.
In neither one. I like that's the way a lot of people in the state feel. And it's, I hate
her a lot just because of her campaign right now, because it's just smear, smear, smear,
smear, smear. And for a lot of people I talk to it's, who do you dislike less? I've made
up my mind, but I'm, I'm also a one issue kind of person and both candidates have made
it pretty clear where they stand on the issue. So I'm, I, uh, I know where I'm voting. Um,
my absentee ballot should be coming before too long. Are you voting for Bill the cat?
No, but keep him, keep in mind that I, I vote absentee every time I vote so that I can make
photocopy of my vote and then mail in my original so that it can't be tampered with. But that's
funny. Um, well the other thing I was going to say too, um, in response to the whole violent
video game things, and we've also brought this up too, is that the rate of violence
has gone down in minors since, or at least gun related violence I think, or armed violence
has gone down since 1991, you know, when the Nintendo popped up. Um, another thing too,
and this just has to go to, uh, guns in general, is I think that a lack of exposure opens up
the door, I think, for putting people in danger. Um, because it's actually a proven statistic
that in those gun free zones, you know what I'm talking about, that the rate of, uh, of
gun related violence is higher because anyone... People always want what they can't have. Well,
it's not just that. If it's a gun free zone, then people who normally carry a firearm on
themselves, a legal firearm, and follow the law, who won't be armed. They won't be armed.
It makes people a target. It's, it's, if you, you know in a place you're going to go somewhere
where you've got a likely chance that they're going to be following the rules there, you've
got an easy target. It's just, it's those states where, uh, people are allowed to carry
firearms on them, that they have the lowest amount, because an armed society is a polite
society. But, going back, these are related, trust me. But, um, if you can establish this
difference, make them something that someone's exposed to and say, hey, this is a dangerous
object, you shouldn't be using this. This is not the same thing as this. When you give
them item A and item B to compare, then I think that that level of exposure is going
to put it in pretty early. Oh, well, this is not reality. I don't have to be afraid
of this. You know what I mean? And I know a lot of people can distinguish between what's
real and what's not real, even kids, and I think a lot of times they just, that's what
they blame. You know, if they're not blaming video games for violence, they're blaming
guns for violence. And it's just, the problem is, no one's ever calling these people out
and saying, you know, no, like, especially these court cases that go, oh, the video game
made me do it, and the judge just doesn't go, take some goddamn responsibility for yourself.
There's a few that have been thrown out, actually, lately, because, um, they, uh, talked it up
to parental negligence. It'll be interesting to see how the Supreme Court goes on this
one, though, because it definitely will set a precedent, if nothing else. Well, and, though,
they're going to have to go by previous precedents, uh, precedent set, like, um, what was that
public decency, um, thing that ended up being a free speech? You know, there was, in Florida,
there was, um, there's a boob march every year, and it's allowed to go through as freedom
of expression. If we can have boobs flapping around in humidity, I think that we can have
a little, I think we can, I think we can have a little headshot, don't you think? I support
this, and I think that this should expand across the country. I support, like, why are
we talking about games? Let's talk more about the boob march. It was, it was something having
to do with people who, you know, were, had issues with, you know, men being able to walk
without a shirt on and breastfeeding in public and that type of thing. And I agree, it is
a shame that women do not get to walk. But then again, you know, this is all post-men
of pause boobs, right? No, lots of young people. Oh really, okay, alright. And for the record,
when I spawn, I will breastfeed in public. Mental note, don't go out in public with Jamie.
Hey! I don't wanna see your boobies. That's why they, that's why they make shawls and
covers, you know. I'm being difficult. No, no, I wanna see, whatever, I don't even go
in there. She's just like, I don't wanna show you anyway. Alright. My boobs are epic. Moving
on. We got a lot of show. In the interest of time, we gotta get on release dates. Let's
talk about what violent games are coming to a store near you this week. Not really. Start
with the US. Not really many violent games this week, and it's not too much of a release
week. It is gonna start ramping up though very soon, but there are some decent things.
There's a re-release of Battlefield Bad Company 2, the Ultimate Edition, with some download
content there for both Battlefield Bad Company 2 and Battlefield 1943 in there as well. Valkyria
Chronicles 2 on the PSP. Gunblade New York City and L.A. Machine Guns on the Wii this
week. Metroid Other M on the Wii this week, which is awesome. Camp Rock the Final Jam
on the DS, tying in with the movie that's coming out. And I hope they really do mean
final because I don't care for those Camp Rock games or anything with Disney as far
as our two shows go. Guilty Party on the Wii. It wants to be Clue, but it's just not. Prison
Tycoon Alcatraz. I think a lot of this stuff was delayed from last week because I remember
reading a bunch of this. The Mumbo Jumbo Six Pack 2nd Edition with a bunch of different
Mumbo Jumbo puzzle and card games in there as well. And what probably is gonna be a really
shitty game. We wish you a Merry Christmas for the Wii. It's fucking August. I think
that's a re-release because honestly, yeah, that is a re-release and it's $10 now. And
trust me, it's not worth $10. That is it. Next week will be some good stuff though.
Let's go over to Japan and check out what's coming out over there. A lot of price reductions
this week on the Xbox. Left 4 Dead 2, Halo 3 ODST, Modern Warfare 2 and Bayonetta all
going into the Platinum Collection over there in Japan. And those are really the only releases
to look forward to this week. It's kind of a similar situation where we're just kind
of waiting for the big rush at the end of the year, which will start any day now. Moving
on to the PlayStation 3, same thing. Lots of price reductions, but that includes NBA
Live 10, Need for Speed Shift, FIFA Soccer 10, World Class Soccer, Call of Duty Modern
Warfare 2 and Bayonetta. That's on the PlayStation 3. Again, these are Japanese releases or price
reductions as the case may be as things move into the Platinum Series over there. Looking
at the Nintendo Wii, big releases over there this week. Just Metroid Other M gets its release
on September 2nd, so it's coming out over there this week as well. They didn't really
get it earlier or later. Just a couple days later I guess if we want to be technical.
PlayStation 2 doesn't have a whole lot going on. There is a new FIFA Soccer 10 coming out
there and Shin Sangoku Musou 5 Special gets a price reduction if you're into that.
I have to add something real quick here. I just noticed this on the Kotaku release list,
which I believe is from GameSpot. I'm assuming this is a download title. Well, actually I'm
pretty positive this is a download title, but it's awesome. Cthulhu Saves the World
on Xbox 360. There are so many things wrong with that because Cthulhu never really saves
anything unless it's saving by cleansing all humanity off of the world. But maybe that's
coming out on 360 this week. Maybe an Xbox Live Arcade game? I don't know. Who knows?
That's an awesome name.
Alright, also in Japan this week on the Nintendo DS, a game called Nintama Rantaru Gakunin
Taikosuan Puzzle No Dawn comes out this week. Basically it's a puzzle game with chibi little
characters. It looks like a lot of twin type characters or characters in teams. So it almost
looks like an amazing race puzzle game with chibi characters? Maybe not.
Then lastly, going on to the Sony PSP and seeing if anything is coming out over there
worth mentioning. Bleach Heat the Soul 7 because you know you've missed your Bleach games.
There's another one coming out on PSP this week. Also a game called White Breath Perfect
Edition comes out this week as well on the PSP. It's called White Breath. It is an adventure
game. Trying to figure out if it's a dating sim or what. It's another one of those kind
of like read and respond to the characters as they're talking to you. There's so many
Japanese games that look like this. But you can choose. It looks like there's a music
mode. There's a music song called Slapstick. Yeah, whatever. There you go. Those are your
releases in Japan this week. How about Europe?
We do have some goodies in Europe. On the 31st Bioshock 2 Minerva's Den on PS3, PC,
Xbox 360. Dead Rising 2 Case 0 on Xbox 360. On September 3rd we have Metroid Other M and
Tom Clancy's Hawk 2 and Valkyria Chronicles. So that's going to be a week of excitement.
Alright, just a few more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
Alright. Let's see, there's some other cool stuff here. It's interesting, this week there
was a lot of talk about used game stuff. Despite the fact, you know, THQ thinks you're all
cheaters for buying used games. But apparently some of their direct customers are going to
be cheaters as well. Target is actually buying used games. They started their used game buying
program. It's actually kind of taking place right now in Northern California. But they're
going to be rolling out 850 stores by the year's end. I'm not really sure how that program
works but that'll be interesting. I guess you can trade in games for store credit there.
I wonder what the trade in rate will be like. And then of course, to go with that, Best
Buy. They've been rumored to be mulling over a trade in program. In fact they had those
kiosks at one point. Well now they've actually begun doing used game trade ins as well. And
they also have, I guess, $20 gift cards for select titles. If you trade in a certain game
they'll give you $20, I guess, addition. Oh, I guess they'll give you $20 instead of the
titles trade in volume. But hey, $20 for games sometimes is pretty good. So yeah, it's interesting.
So I'm sure if these guys start doing this that probably other retailers, especially
if they're successful with it, won't be too far behind. And then everybody will be cheaters.
What will you think then, THQ? I think they'll probably poop themselves. Anybody planning
to take advantage of these programs? No, not really. I like the idea that I can take old
video games and turn them in at Target and turn them around and buy new shoes or a loaf
of bread. Yeah, nice. Alright, one more story for this half of the show and it's about the
Silver Lining. Remember that was the King's Quest fan game that had some problems legally
and then finally they were able to release it. Hooray and it was free. Double hooray.
Well it's in chapters and the next chapter is out in September. That's when it's coming
out and that's from the Phoenix Games who made the site. I love that name for that game
company because they've been through so much crap. And it's over in a post on their site.
It is coming out in September. Hey, that's really soon. No word on when in September
but there you go. The name of the game, it's called Episode 2, Two Households. They're
saying it will have better pathfinding, the option to switch between extended and short
narration, a new walking animation, more subtitle options, and widescreen support. So I guess
it sounds like they've taken a lot of feedback from the first game and implemented it. So
that's really cool. In a related story, the website GOG.com, G-O-G.com or goodollegames.com,
they're having a King's Quest 1 through 3 bundle selling right now for $9.99. There's
also a pack with 4, 5, and 6 with the same price. You ever looked at GOG.com? They actually
have quite a few old, old games for sale on there. And a good way to get legitimate what
they, I've seen called Abandonware before when people just put up old games because
they say it's old, no one cares about it anymore. As long as it's not Game.com. No, it's not
that. I had one of those and the Taco and got rid of them both. You had an N-Gage really?
Yes, I did. Oh my god. I brought it, Rob, I brought it with me to E3 one year. Clearly
I've erased it from my memory and can you blame me? And I'm glad that you know exactly
what I was talking about when I said Taco. Well, what other gaming devices look like
a taco? Alright, speaking of stuff in gaming's history, let's take a walk down gaming history
lane and review the classic game of the week. Every week Dark Sakura likes to step into
the vault, or her living room as the case may be, and pull out a classic game that she
says, hey, you little brats, you should be playing this game. So Dark Sakura, what is
the classic game of the week this week? The classic game is Zillion for the Sega Master
System. Yay! Now you gotta do something, Rob. What? Let's play this for a second. This is
the theme music from the game. Okay. Now play the theme music from the anime. Play the theme
music from the anime. I can do that. Okay. I'm prepared here for a change. That's actually
one of the best qualities I have that I can play. Now, does the gun look familiar? Yes,
the gun does look familiar, wow. You can link that in the chat room. Sure, I'll link this
in the chat room. Okay. The game and the anime Zillion came out as companions to each other.
I'm gonna switch and do some play of the game, sorry, didn't mean to cut you off. That's
pretty cool. The game actually in Japan, its full name is Akai Kodan Zillion, which is
Red Photon Zillion. And it kind of is Metroid-ish. It came out though before then, I believe.
It was out in 1987 for the Sega Master System. And there was a sequel called Zillion II,
the Triformation. It also had things in common with Impossible Mission too. Basically, the
general story, you play a group called the White Knights and you have to go get rid of
this base on Planet X. So you play the main dude, JJ, and you rescue Apple and Champ,
who are the other guys. Keep in mind, early anime. Just real quick, don't want to cut
you off, but since you brought it up, August 6th, 1986 was Metroid. Okay, so then it was
afterwards. Alright. Anyway, you have to go past tripwires, turrets, force fields, a bunch
of enemy guards. Including in some places, they kind of run in, like Metal Gear style.
The little alert noise, so it's pretty cool. You carry a little gun with you and if those
and chat room are checking it out, the gun is the same design, it's the design for the
Sega Master System light phaser. Um, and of course you gain levels for your guns and then
you can rescue, like I said, Apple and Champ and they have, Apple is fast but weak, Champ
is slow and strong and JJ is like a nice balance in between them. There's also a glitch in
the game that you can become invincible by dying when you go into a room to room elevator.
Um, but you can't go to your status menu. Um, the only way you can switch characters is
when you find a new teammate. Um, and of course, you know, remember this is the Master System,
it is kind of inconvenient to go pause your game on the system like it was back in the
day. Um, but the, uh, the music, uh, is, uh, of course a lot the same music from the, uh,
the anime. Um, and the one where you go in and out of their main ship, it plays the opening
theme from the anime. And it plays it when the Sega label goes off. And then, um, it's,
it's pretty cool. It's got an actual soundtrack called Akai Kodan Zillion Let It Rock, which
I have, just saying. And the anime's pretty good too, actually. Um, but the game is, uh,
it's got a lot of, uh, you know, different special messages in it. And you have, the
way that you go through those rooms is that you have these little pods that you have to
blow up and get a character out of. And then you put them into a computer. And the characters
don't have to be in any particular order, by the way. Um, and then you get, like, some
special codes that will summon, you know, like, will turn off the tripwires or something.
And they do other stuff. This more reminds me of Impossible Mission. That's what I love
said earlier. I said that it has a lot in common with Impossible Mission. Yeah, yeah.
But... Just having looked at this for a little bit now, yeah. But keep in mind, this is,
this is a pretty, pretty sweet game. And it doesn't have a save function, sadly. Dan left
his game paused while he was playing it for hours on end so he could do other stuff. But
I'd have to say, it's among the list of, you know, one of my favorite things about this
game. And also keep in mind, there's a little guest star in Zillion. There's the Oppa Oppa.
Really? When you're, cause you can shoot different of those little, you know, pods and get power-ups
and one of your power-ups is an Oppa Oppa and it gives you a level up. And it's just
a little icon of an Oppa Oppa. Well, I think this is alternate audio. I don't think that's
actually the game. Yeah, that one, if this one I'm thinking of that is. They said they
unsynced and had to use different music. Dope. But yeah, um, if you watch the anime too,
there's little scenes where the Oppa Oppa is hanging out with them. Some little references.
Fantasy Zone. Awesome. And of course we know what Fantasy Zone also had to do with,
Space Harrier. Maybe we should have Seven Degrees of Space Harrier. Could be a new game
to play. Yeah. Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week, Zillion for
the Sega Master System. Go play it. It's fun. Alright. We'll see what she picks next week
cause you still get one for the marathon show. So, and now, then we might have to actually
play it. I think we should. We'll see. I'm gonna dig into the closet and go obscure.
Better not suck. That's all I'm saying. Alright. We're gonna take a quick break here at Orange
Lounge Radio. Just for that I'm gonna make Rob play through Bongio by himself on One
Man. Why? Why would you do that? Alright. Alright. We're gonna take a quick break here
at Orange Lounge Radio but don't go anywhere. We will be right back with plenty more news
stories. We got your Twitter topics coming too so make sure you get those in on Twitter.
Your emails and phone calls all when we get back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are taping live on this Sunday evening,
August the 29th of 2010. It is the 379th episode of our show and lots of folks in our chat
room talking about the upcoming marathon last week. Some folks asking, Robert M. is asking
in chat, any chance of the marathon being on the podcast or would there be licensed
music being used? Right now I don't see why it wouldn't be podcast. I mean I guess it
depends on what happens and the legality of what happens. But I don't see why not. It
will probably be labeled separately so that those folks, you know, because not everybody
is gonna want to hear. Because it's gonna have a different flow. It's not gonna be as,
dare I say it, polished as this show is. Which you know is gonna be really bad. But you know
I'm gonna label it differently. But it will be there for folks to download. But those
folks that aren't really interested in the excess will be able to just get the regular
3 hour show and move on with it. But yeah that's what we're aiming for right now anyway.
We'll let you know for sure of course after we tape next week. Anyhow we've got more
news to get into. And of course we're gonna get your Twitter topics here in just a minute.
And the FUs of the week, the mailbag, all those fun segments. Phone calls coming up
too. But first, quick quick quick news. And things, there's just so much to talk about
this week. We just don't have time to spend 10 minutes on everything. But Loki what do
we want to talk about quickly? This is Vegas. It's apparently cancelled. It was a game
that was being developed by Surreal Software for Midway. But of course when Midway
closed down it was then bought up by Warner Brothers Interactive. The premise of the game
was retarded as it was. It's basically you going to Vegas, dancing, driving fast cars,
punching people, and gambling. And apparently the game is rumored to have cost 43 million
dollars to make. Wow what a waste of money that was. But no confirmation whether it's
coming, it's actually cancelled or not but who gives a crap. What are you talking about?
That's what I do every time I go visit Tara. Exactly. Gamble and punch people. Why would
you want to play a game that do that? I just don't understand. The homebrew channel, it's
been something that's been kind of a staple of the homebrew community on the Wii for
quite a while now. Since the release of homebrew channel version 1.07 they have added
anonymous user statistics to the homebrew channel installations as well. And apparently
they have detected about 200,000 people using the homebrew channel on the Wii. So that's
kind of cool. And unsurprisingly I guess the top country using this would be the USA
followed by France, Germany, Spain, and the Great Britain. And it's interesting though
that with that many systems out there there's not really a lot of people that use kind of
the homebrew channel for stuff. So maybe the hacking and piracy stuff on the Wii isn't
as prevalent as they think it is. Of course there's other methods for that but it's
interesting nonetheless. And finally a unique MMO has been announced called Dead State.
It is possibly the first zombie RPG that's available as an MMO. It's coming from a
company called Double Bear, which is better than a single bear. And I guess that developer
is composed of Bethesda and Troika Vets. They've come up with this new RPG set in a
fictional town called Splendid, Texas. Which is in the grips of a full on zombie
apocalypse. And the object is to keep yourself alive. And I guess you operate out of a
local school which serves as a hub and sanctuary from the horrors of the community.
And from there you must head out into the wild hunting down supplies and other survivors.
And of course using those resources to beef up your base there. And of course there's
tons of zombies and not everybody that you find will be friendly or sane for that matter.
And combat is supposed to be turn based and you'll be able to issue commands to whole
groups or individuals as well. So that's supposed to be headed out on a PC sometime
I guess relatively soon.
Taking a step backward here real quick in chat, but it's a good chat comment. Tiger
Claw in our chat says, and those who pirate games, some people have been playing Metroid
Other M on Justin TV. And I noticed one playing a pirated version that was loaded from
the homebrew channel.
I'm sure there are. It's been leaked out since last week so I wouldn't be surprised.
Yikes. Alright well moving on to some other quick news here. I'm talking about another
game coming out from Sony. It's up on PlayStation Japan. There's apparently a teaser
page. And on this page you see this Japanese guy sitting in a tuxedo and it looks like
he's knitting.
It looks like the Godfather.
It is what it looks like but it's on PlayStation Japan and EA owns the rights to the Godfather
but the Godfather is knitting.
It's for LittleBigPlanet 2.
You think?
No it's been confirmed that's what it's for.
Interesting.
Because he's crocheting a sack boy. But it's just funny because if you actually go to the
page there's an animation of him crocheting.
Cute.
Alright I get it. That's funny. Alright. Also some updates on I made a game with
Jambi Jinich. See when people speak and leads speak that's how I say it. I made a game
with Jambi Jinich.
Because they use three for E and one for I and all that stuff.
So yeah.
Apparently I made a game with Jambi Jinich. It has sold over 300,000 copies.
That's a lot for an indie game.
A lot a lot of games.
Also the theme song to Jambi's is now available on Rock Band Network.
Also if that wasn't enough you're soon going to be able to get Jambi's shirts and Hot Topic.
Because you know Hot Topic loves to get in on that trendy stuff.
And I love this shirt here. It just says Jambi's with a big exclamation exclamation one.
There you go.
Also real quickly some music game news updates. BeatMania 2DX 18 called Resort Anthem.
I know right. I'm like wow they got four.
Resort Anthem. It doesn't matter what it's called.
2DX Sports Resort. It will always be 18th style to me.
But Resort Anthem has a release date at September 15th.
There you go. And all those no arcades that will import that here in the US.
And then lastly DDRX2 is going to be location tested very soon in Joy-Z.
I don't have the specifics on where. I'm hoping someone here in chat room can fill me in.
Unfortunately my little newsy link is... Oh there we go. On the border with lots of skee-ball.
It wasn't working a minute ago. No it actually is going to be at Funplex in East Hanover, New Jersey.
That's where it's at. Enjoy if you live in Joy-Z or nearby.
Go play some X2 and let us know what you think. Dark Sakura.
I got your news right here.
Well there's a rumor going that for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 that Crimson Viper is going to be a character in it.
But I think it's looking at this outline in the way that they have it done on the site.
That I think it's actually very likely Crimson Viper. They just masked her out and showed the silhouette and it fits perfectly.
She's cheap. Why put her in the game?
Why do people hate her so much? I was reading the comments on that site and there's a lot of hate for Crimson Viper.
She's a cheap whore.
Well a lot of characters in Street Fighter are cheap whores. That's what the game's all about.
She's a masher's paradise.
Sounds good to me.
She's Eddie Gordo.
I used to love Eddie Gordo in Tekken 3.
Masher.
And what? And what?
So what are you going to do when you have Tekken vs. Street Fighter or whatever and you can do Eddie Gordo vs. Crimson Viper?
What he said.
It's like, mash mash mash mash, switch, mash mash mash, switch.
All the buttons on my controller break within a week. How did this happen?
What did you do that for? Well how about something for a different game?
I don't know when I started talking in Leetspeak. How did this happen?
Crackdown 2, Rob. Crackdown 2. A.K.A. I like jumping the sequel.
Basically the new download content is going to be, it's called Toy Box.
And it's a free, there's a free version that will have one called Keys to the City, which is an unlock, and the thruster ability, which is jet packs for your boot and vehicle tag.
And then if you pay the 560 Microsoft points, then you'll get 5 new weapons, 2 new vehicles, a couple of avatar items, 10 new cheevos.
So, according to this, I guess that means achievement, huh?
Mhm.
I think that's a stupid word. It makes me think of cheetos, and now I want some.
Why have cheetos when you can have those, like, knockoff cheetos that are like the cheesy poops?
Like there's much more. Cheese puffs.
Cheese puffs or whatever. They sell them in big ol' bags at Trader Joe's. They're just, they're still cheesy, but they're more puffy.
And they make me more puffy when I eat them.
How about something else?
How about it?
Oh, wait, wait. I want to say real quick. If Microsoft knew what they were doing, they would release download content for, I don't know, 400 points, 800 points, that would allow you to go into the arena with the announcer and flamethrower him to death.
And then they'll talk and announce about how he's dying. And why would you want to kill me?
I've got a wife and family, peacekeeper, or whatever, agent.
You can bite my butt, boss.
You know.
Anyway.
It's Robert Stack, okay? They somehow have downloaded his consciousness into the game, and that's who I picture talking to me, and it makes me all warm and fuzzy inside.
Yeah, but you said Robert Stack, and I think Ultra Magnus.
Because Transformers the movie was awesome. Not the new ones! The old school, animated.
Anyway, um, but we need sad music, Rob. We need really sad music.
Um, okay, hold on. Let me get you some sad music.
Or maybe like some Sanctus or something.
Can you fill time while I get you sad music?
Well, I know this is supposed to be like a little quick segment.
I made a game with...
Hold on, hold on, here's your sad music.
Come on, work.
Oh wait.
Sorry, I got the B-52's funplex.
I was thinking funplex earlier, I know.
I got the song for the other story mixed up. Oh well, make it work.
You can just play this.
We have to say rest in peace to a company who has brought us a bunch of games.
They brought us Space Jam.
They brought us Burnout.
Bye, Acclaim! Acclaim is going down.
I thought they'd been down for a while.
I'm going down now.
It's just fun.
Rob, you are a sick puppy.
Sick puppy!
Sorry, Acclaim.
Well, yeah, basically the deal is that Howard Marks bought the name
and tried to reboot it as a free-to-play games portal.
It was terrible.
Yeah, in Crash and Burn.
I think you can go to the site and get refunds.
Anyway.
What was the last big thing Acclaim did?
I haven't seen that name since...
Gosh.
Welcome to NBA Jam.
Didn't they do Double Dragon?
Okay, NBA Jam.
I was going to say Double Dragon 2 on the NES, I think it was then.
Yeah.
But even NBA Jam, though, the last system it was out was...
I think it was...
Other than the download versions, they did one on the PlayStation.
Well, they did. You're right.
Yeah, that we've been looking for that isn't the other version.
Thank you, Rama. Acclaim did BMX XXX.
That was Acclaim.
I think that was the first foot in the grave.
What a fine piece of gaming history that game is.
I thought that was mid...
Yeah, I guess it was Acclaim.
It was a fun game, okay?
It was fun.
Alright, let's move on, guys.
It was kind of cool dragging a hoe around on your bike.
As in a BMX bike.
Wow, let's get into some Twitter topics!
Every week you guys send us your tweets at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Let's read some of them tweets.
Lots of tweets from DJ Blazkin.
I can't read all of these because some of these are coming up later in the show.
Besides, we have a two tweet limit.
You're getting greedy with the tweets.
DJ Blazkin is announcing this.
I read this earlier in the week and I think this is worth reading.
G4 has announced, according to DJ Blazkin here in this news story,
a new show called Bomb Patrol Afghanistan.
Have you heard about this?
This is the show on G4, which I don't know why we're reporting on this on the show.
I think we banned G4 news from the show a while ago, but oh well, moment of weakness.
They've made a show out of The Hurt Locker.
Yeah, the one that won the Oscar.
Yeah, apparently it is Bomb Patrol Afghanistan.
It's a new series about real life soldiers who put their lives on the line every day
as members of the Explosive Ordnance Disposal.
The show will follow the lives of the EOD team both at home and in Afghanistan.
You know what? All things considered, I don't think it sounds like a bad show.
It's just basically a documentary-ish type of show.
I mean, it's not like they're voting people out or bombing people when they lose.
You get voted out of Afghanistan!
Kaboom!
Sweet!
Yeah, so I don't know.
I'm sorry, we're sending you home.
You know why this is news?
It's an interesting show on G4.
But I really don't understand The Hurt Locker connection.
I think it's just they're doing it because of the movie.
I think I would watch it.
It made that subject, it put that subject in the public eye, if you will.
And this is just furthering that, so I don't know.
I don't necessarily see it as bad news.
It's just not gaming, but how long has G4 not been gaming for?
I'll tell you, a really long time.
By the way, also, in somewhat related-ish news,
EA is standing by their, again, this is from a tweet from DJ Blazekin,
EA is standing by Medal of Honor's choice to include the Taliban.
You'll see a comment here from British Defense Secretary Liam Fox,
who criticized the game, quote,
At the hands of the Taliban, children have lost fathers and wives have lost husbands.
It's shocking that someone would think it is acceptable to recreate the acts of the Taliban and British soldiers.
It's hard to believe any citizen of our country would wish to buy such a thoroughly un-British game.
I would urge retailers to show their support for our armed forces and ban this tasteless product.
Ooh, EA standing by it, saying it is a creative risk, but they are not going to let the protesters, quote,
Compromise our creative vision and what we want to do.
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
Sounds good to me.
Going back to the tweets.
Let's see.
Darkiske says, talk about Reach.
I have to admit, I haven't really been paying attention to a lot of the details about Halo Reach.
I can't reach you from here, Rob.
I didn't play Halo 3 ODST at all.
I'm not a Halo hater, I used to love Halo.
I played Halo 1, I loved Halo 2.
I played a shit ton of Halo 2 and I even played a little bit of Halo 3.
But I don't know, Halo 3 just kind of, it wasn't as...
Plus the group I used to play with, a bunch of college buddies, a bunch of them had babies and stuff.
They don't want to play video games online anymore.
So there you go.
I kind of lost interest in the Halo series.
I'll check it out.
If somebody I know buys it, I'll look.
Is Dan getting Halo Reach?
You guys probably aren't getting it, huh?
That depends.
Yeah, he'll probably get Halo Reach.
I'm sure it's a popular game.
We'll see.
Tigerclaw305 sends us some links.
Real quickly, a Wii balance board used to create a motorized baby buggy.
That's awesome.
How does that work?
It's a toddler that can't really, or not even toddler, an infant that can't walk yet.
So they sit her down in this little infant seat.
And it's sitting on top of a Wii balance board.
And below that is a robot.
And so when she leans to go grab for something, because babies like to grab at what they want,
it goes in that direction.
Who makes the Skynet?
It's a college student.
Oh, of course.
But it's awfully cute.
Also another link from Tigerclaw.
Lenovo developing a motion control console for China.
I guess it's called the E-Box, is what this is.
It's the technology of Kinect.
Unlike the move in the Wii, E-Box plots movements and translates them into an on-screen action
without the need for controller.
No price announced yet, but it will be between the price of a Wii and a 360.
The console, I think this is an interesting topic here too.
The console will also focus less on violence and more on family entertainment.
Well, as does the Kinect.
Oops.
I swear I didn't plan that song to come on, but it's kind of funny in retrospect.
Alright, anyhow.
More tweets.
Maybe this will be the last one here.
Oh no, there's a couple here.
DarkKiske gets another one in here.
Maxis Darkspore, a Diablo-style action RPG.
I don't know much about Darkspore.
Is this a game you know a little more about?
It's basically a spore, but set in a Diablo-type gameplay.
So you create your character and it's a hack and slash game.
Oh, that sounds kind of cool.
Maxis is the folks that made Spore after all.
They also made The Sims.
They've been around a while, because that's basically Will Wright's studio, isn't it?
This could be interesting.
They're saying it's a co-op focused action game.
Ooh, that's cool, because that sounds kind of like the Lara Croft game that I played this week that I like.
So I'll check this out.
There's some images posted up on this website that we got linked to.
Looks interesting. I'll keep an eye on that.
Of course, it depends on how much it costs.
In this day and age, you've got to watch what you're buying.
ActDeft is linking us to a story.
X-Play gave Metroid Other M a 2 out of 5.
Says no need to watch the video.
That's some intern at the station trying to keep X-Play relevant by causing a little controversy, I'm sure.
No, I don't know. Maybe the game is terrible. I don't know.
It didn't get terrible reviews. I think it looks pretty good.
I think what people didn't like was how sometimes it would switch between the first person and third person view.
Just if you happened to move the controller off the screen, it would just all of a sudden switch back, and that kind of sucked.
And also the fact that you couldn't basically run around in the first person mode, so people had gripes about that.
Probably because they've been playing Metroid Prime for a while, but whatever. It looks kind of cool.
I'll just go on record and say fuck X-Play.
Lastly, Sturlok.
Pokemon Black and White are the fastest selling DS games in history. Well, there's a big surprise.
Links us to this article.
That does confirm, ever since July 31st, 2010, over a million pre-orders for Pokemon Black and White version were taken.
That's 1.08 pre-orders for this game launching September 18th, 2010.
And so Nintendo is saying that is going to make Pokemon Black and White the fastest selling DS games ever.
See, that's cheating, though, because there's two different games there.
But they counted as one. That's fuzzy math.
Whatever. I guess everybody lets them get away with it, because it's Pokemans.
Tigerclaw wants to point out that Metroid Other M has an 81 on Metacritic.
So that two out of five seems to be a little bit out of place.
Anyhow, let's move on to some other gaming news.
If you want to send us some tweets for next week, twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Yeah, I'm sure they have their own justifications for that, but whatever.
So, since we mentioned Reach a little bit, Reach, of course, did get pirated.
There was apparently people that found a way to download the supposed review only version of Reach that was a games on demand package.
And, of course, as not a big surprise, Microsoft saying, oh, we're going to ban everybody that's playing Reach.
Well, first off, if you're dumb enough to play online with Reach, then yes, you should be banned anyways.
I'm assuming that this is also considering people that aren't necessarily playing online,
but say people that have a JTAG console or something and have an account that they use for live,
and maybe move their account back and forth on a memory unit or something like that,
and it would show in your recently played games or something like that,
or if you get achievements before the release date.
And then they can check out whether you have a mod console or something like that.
So, you know, if you don't want to get banned, just don't play with a profile that you use online until it's launched.
And they claim, though, that they can tell the difference between this and with the full version,
but, you know, if you're really that scared about it, you can always re-download it when it gets leaked out from the disc.
I don't know. But, yeah, so they're threatening to ban people, as they probably would.
This doesn't come as a big surprise, though. I mean, they always want to ban people who are playing the game.
Of course. They don't want to say,
Well, oh, darn, I guess there's nothing we can do about it. Steal away.
I mean, they're not going to say that.
They're going to be like, we're going to come to your house and set you on fire.
I mean, that's the kind of threats that they should be making.
We will destroy you.
If we could make your Xbox do other ring colors, we would.
Your console will get set on fire and burn down your house and kill your cat.
That's right.
I don't know. Shermy's very well insulated.
That would be funny, though. They have a robot, like, robot legs built into it.
It just gets up, walks out, and goes back to Microsoft.
Now, that's a show I want to see on G4. Cat versus Xbox.
We've had that at my house.
Have you?
You know what it was?
What?
Jamie taking the vacuum to the Xbox to get the cat hair out of it.
Mm-hmm. Nice.
Cat wins.
Maybe the cat was laying on top of it because it's warm. You know that happens quite a bit.
Shermy... It would be too much effort for Shermy to get on top of it. I'll put it that way.
My cat loves my Xbox 360, especially in the winter. She'll lay behind it.
But she'll lay so close to it that there's no airflow, so I don't really appreciate that too much.
But she will lay next to it. That and the computer. She loves, you know, all the hot air being blown out.
They're warm.
Exactly. Or she'll lay on power supplies, you know, like those big old transformers.
Mm-hmm.
Because they're super hot.
Yeah.
She's just, like, laying her head right on them. Like, kitty, you're going to electrocute yourself for something.
You know what your cat needs is, like, an electric blanket or some other source of...
No, she doesn't.
You know what I got for Shermy is this mat that redistributes their own heat and warms the whole thing.
And she loves it, and it was, like, ten bucks.
She has her little baby bed that she lays in still, even though she's, like, way bigger than it.
But, you know...
You know what your cat needs?
She's spoiled, and she doesn't need anything.
Kitten mittens.
Does your cat make too much noise?
Mittens made out of kittens? Well, we got plenty of kittens to do that, so...
All right, speaking of which, does anyone want a kitten? I mean, because I've got, like, tons of them.
They're overrunning my backyard.
What are you going to do if somebody in New York is like, yes, I want a cat?
I will put it in a box and ship it UPS. No, no, just kidding.
I will not do that because that's cruel.
Then we'll ship it FedEx. No.
Obviously, I can't get you a cat unless you actually drive all the way out here.
Heart eight in our chat room suggests a cat Snuggie. I like that idea.
But, unfortunately, you will have to come and... It's kind of like pick and pull.
You will have to pick and pull your own cat out of the backyard, so...
I can't provide that service for you.
There's only one cat that will actually...
There's one of the cats that will actually get, like, very, you know, paralyzed with fear.
And that's the only cat that I can actually pick up out there.
Because it'll just kind of freeze up, and I just...
Scoop. Scoop it right up.
Can I completely derail the show with a YouTube?
Which makes for awesome radio.
But, okay, here's the thing. Like, I...
I'm not a big dog person, right? I'm not a big fan of dogs.
I think they're kind of, like...
I was bit by one when I was five, and I've had, like, these weird symptoms ever since.
But, Alan showed me a video this week that makes me want a dog.
Like, seriously. Because this is the cutest dog I've ever seen in my life.
Okay? And you know what type of dog it is?
It's a Corgi.
I love Corgis!
And the video, if you want to look this up on YouTube, is called Corgi Flop.
And it's the most adorable thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
So, like, there's this little dog that goes in, and then they got...
Oh, wait, wait, oh, where's the Corgi?
Corgi!
Okay, so the dog and the person jump in, there goes the Corgi.
Corgi's like...
The Corgi, like, watches for a minute, and then the Corgi just...
At one point, the Corgi goes...
Come on, come on, do it, do it, do it, do it. Flop!
Those little legs.
They're so adorable!
Oh, and Rob, for the record, Corgis are very friendly dogs.
I know, I know, and a Corgi would never bite me.
That's something that, like, pit bulls do.
Corgis are just adorable, and they swim and everything.
You definitely should get...
Oops! Flop!
She'd definitely get a Pembroke Welsh Corgi, Rob.
Although that laughing sounds evil.
Let me link that in our chatroom there, so...
Because I apologize, that makes for terrible radio,
but I had to derail the show and just tell you about my experience where...
That's a big deal. For me to say I want a dog is, like, a huge deal.
Like, ask somebody who's known me for years and years.
Dark Sakura? Me saying I want a dog?
That's like...
Like, call hell and ask if they've got ice cream, because seriously...
Really, yeah.
Alright, anyhow...
It's like going into Rob's bedroom and finding an AK under his bed.
Pretty much.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on.
This is shocking news as well, actually.
I don't know, this is really dividing the community,
and this is news about Final Fantasy XIV
and what the game director Nobuaki Komodo said this week
about the 8 hour a week limit.
Yes, that's right.
What's happening is that apparently in Final Fantasy XIV,
once you've played a particular job class for 8 hours,
the amount of experience you start to earn decreases.
And once you've played for 15 hours, you're done.
You can't earn any more experience.
This is the reverse of what other games like World of Warcraft do, where...
Wait, is it just one job class? Can you switch classes to something else?
Yes, apparently you can.
But that's like, you know, if you remember Final Fantasy XI,
that's practically like doing a whole different character.
Completely different.
Here's a quote real quick about why this system is in place.
Quote, first off, the main concept behind Final Fantasy XIV
is allowing those players with little time on their hands to play effectively,
and game balance is based off of that.
Furthermore, it is being designed to not give those with more time on their hands
to play an unfair advantage.
And also we don't want people that play in, you know, say, you know,
was it those internet cafes in Hong Kong, you know, abandoning their children
and killing themselves over playing this game.
Because of that, systems such as Guardian's Favor, a bonus to guild levs,
have been implemented to make leveling in the short term easier
than leveling in the long term.
And of course there are tons of people just up in arms about this.
Like on the website going crazy.
Like you guys have got to be kidding me.
Who are you to tell me how long I can be playing these games?
Da da da da da. It's my money.
There's another thing though to consider is that if it's also on a per character basis,
it also sort of balances out the leveling.
I mean the, what's the word I'm thinking of, the hierarchy of levels
to where you're not going to have, you know, a week later maxed out characters.
You're going to have people that to really follow the incentive
that are going to be on a more even par so people move up together
and then they can start putting out content, you know, later on
for those people who hit those higher levels. Does that make sense?
A little bit. Now there was a translation that came out on the North America website
that helped to try to bring some clarity to this.
It's very lengthy. Let me try to give you the bullet points here.
We calculated a value for the amount of skill or experience points
that could be earned in a one hour period.
This theoretical value represents an hour spent engaged solely in combat,
left quests or any other activities that earn skill or experience points
and sets a threshold to delimiting how many of these points can be earned in a period of play.
Based on this, we have implemented a threshold value concept.
These thresholds are regulated by a one week timer
that begins counting down the instant you earn experience points.
After a week is passed, the thresholds will reset
and the moment skill experience points are earned again,
the timer begins counting down anew.
For the first eight thresholds during this week long period,
players will receive skill or experience points at the maximum rate
and then it goes on after that and then eventually reaches a rate of zero.
It is worth noting, however, that the reduced rate will also gradually recover
while players are engaged in activities that do not yield skill or experience points.
In this manner, it is possible for the threshold value to reset completely
even before the completion of the one week timer.
So in a nutshell, this is very convoluted,
but those of you that just plan to take three days off work
and play Final Fantasy XIV nonstop when this comes out
are going to be hitting this wall.
Yeah, but now they're talking about stuff that doesn't require skills.
So say, for example, I go and fight, fight, fight, fight,
and then burn out the whole thing.
Then I can go craft and that will kind of build it back.
I mean, I could spend a bunch of time like making food or something.
I don't know.
It's interesting. I mean, it's their game.
They can do what they want, but let me go back.
I've played the Final Fantasy XIV beta. It stinks.
And I'm sorry. I don't think they made a quick game at all.
It's harder, at least in the beta I played.
Again, it's been a couple months, or maybe a month.
But in the beta I played, it was much harder to go out and kill monsters
than just log in, warp, and click and go.
It honestly feels, and I'm really trying not to be biased,
but it feels like it was a lot faster in WoW,
or even Ion if you want to take a non-WoW game, or Guild Wars.
All those games seemed a lot easier to get going in
than it did Final Fantasy XIV.
For me, that's where the weirdness is of this,
is that they swear up and down they want to make this more casual MMO
and something you don't have to spend all this time playing,
but it just seems like the game itself is still Final Fantasy XI upgraded.
You know what I mean?
So, I don't know.
That'd be weird.
Bonds in our chat room says,
Good thing Warcraft does not do that.
Well, if you think about it, though, they do in a way.
They just do the reverse.
You get rewarded with double XP for the time you aren't playing
and you're logged out consecutively on a character,
and that's to help you catch up so that people can't get too far ahead.
So, it's just like it's more of a reward than a penalty,
and I think that seems to be where a lot of people are up in arms.
Ziba in our chat room says,
Guild Wars 2 all the way.
You know, I saw a video of Guild Wars 2 gameplay,
and I got to say, it looks pretty hot.
It looks very action-oriented.
Let me see if I can find that same video here, another quick YouTube.
Have either of you guys heard anything about Guild Wars 2 or seen any of this?
Nope.
A video came out of...
Yeah, I kind of got out of the Guild Wars thing, so...
Yeah, but this is so different.
Oh, here it is.
I think this is out of Gamescom.
Yeah, there we go.
Like, it's more of an...
This probably isn't the best video to show it off,
but it looks a lot more like action-based.
Very pretty.
This is some leaked video out of Gamescom we're watching here in studio
to see, like, the hit point numbers flying,
and this guy's dual-wielding.
It looks really cool.
I got to say.
I'll post that link in chat so you guys can look at the video that I'm looking at.
I think that's going to be a pretty neat game.
All right, anyway, moving on.
Dark Soccer, what else do you have for us in gaming news?
Well, in other stuff, we do have...
Now, this is not just gaming-related.
This is archaeology and anthropology,
and prehistoric biology.
So, like, Indiana Jones?
Hmm.
Lara Croft Tomb Raider?
Basically, on a Pacific island,
they found a giant turtle that they thought went extinct 50,000 years ago,
but apparently it still lived on.
So, in a 3,000-year-old site on the Nautu,
I guess it's how it's pronounced,
they found a type of turtle, a maolinid, I believe is how it's said,
that evolved 50 million years ago.
But now the funny thing about it is that when you look at it face-on,
it looks like King Koopa.
Seriously.
It's got the same facial shape,
the same...
And I'm not saying the old-school Koopa.
I'm saying the modern incarnation.
It's got that flat head and the horns.
What are you talking about?
That thing looks nothing like Dennis Hopper.
Get it?
Yes, I get it.
I know it's too soon, but they're both dead!
Wah-wah.
I'm going to actually link the story into the chat room,
because this is actually pretty cool.
I'd like to see what our chat room thinks about this.
A quick wire-in.
You know what it looks like?
It looks like...
Oh, God, what the hell's his name?
It looks fat, is what it looks like.
The big old turtle from Final Fantasy.
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
Yes, yes.
I know exactly what you're talking about,
and I forget the name, too.
Now, here's the question that's burning on my mind,
DarkSakura.
Was it a Koopa Troopa or a Para Koopa Troopa?
It's a King Koopa.
Oh, I see.
Seriously, look at that head.
That's an ugly sumbitch.
Well, maybe it's...
And Rama in chat says,
Zach, it's my ex-girlfriend.
You dated a turtle?
God, you're dumb.
Of course, I like following all the links on here.
What kind of weird kinky shit are you into?
Is it possible that Miyamoto just got inspiration
from, like, books on the Galapagos Islands or something?
You know, is it...
It could be.
I think we're reading way too much into this.
Yeah, I think you're right.
I mean, after all, it's the turtle that decided to evolve
into something that would become a video game.
That's why.
You know, we are thinking way too hard on this,
and, Loki, I demand a story about porn.
Help me out here.
A story about porn?
Well, you know what?
I think I can kind of help you out,
because Playboy is teaming up with Bigpoint
to form a new game label,
because, you know, they had some really awesome games
that came out way back in the day, I guess.
Now, this isn't about porn,
because you know you only subscribe to Playboy for the articles.
Anyways, they're teaming up with Bigpoint,
which is currently working on, I guess,
the Battlestar Galactica online game,
not having to do with porn,
and other free-to-play games on its own web portal.
It says Playboy will now also distribute through its own domain
some free-to-play games.
The first game to get the red cartman treatment is Poisonville.
I wonder if this is, like, Farmville, but with poison.
I play that.
Link is probably not safe for work.
Let's check it out.
Wait, they're teaming up with Playboy, though.
Why don't they make Boobville on Facebook?
Poisonville, let's see here.
And it's on the Playboy.com website, and...
Boobville, is this thing on?
It looks like Driver.
Boobs?
Boobville?
No, it looks like, almost like Driver.
I'm surprised.
There is no boobs to be seen at this point.
And the video's not playing,
so I can only assume that there's no boobs.
And I am very disappointed by that.
Although I do have to say, though,
in the background they have Pam Anderson
from Miss February 1990,
and she looks quite different now.
How could they just make a video game out of boobs,
you think, that would actually be entertaining?
They need a new Playboy the Mansion game.
Remember that?
Yes.
Oh, wait, here we go.
Here we go.
All right.
Playboy.com, and...
What is this game?
Chew the boobs in three, two, one.
No, it's some dude, and he's a...
Is that a chick?
That might be a chick.
Some chick just escaped from jail.
Oh, now she's picking up a...
A topless chick?
Oh, she's making out with some dude.
Oh, and she stole his car.
Now that sounds like a game changing.
I could do a GTA game starring, like, a badass chick.
Well, that's what it seems like so far.
Yeah, I'll play that.
And, uh, she's going into the ghetto.
There's all sorts of guys.
There's a guy that just did a roundhouse kick into a windshield
and broke the windshield.
That's really excessive.
And now she's teaming up with some really weird-looking bikers.
It's a bunch of, like, really kind of girl-powered chicks
with assault rifles.
So if you imagine, like, a Saints Row or...
Why is Playboy making this girl...
They throw her APB with, like, you know, lots of chicks and ski masks and stuff.
Look, look, I don't mean to sound, like, sexist or whatever,
but why is Playboy the home of women exploitation,
making this game that's now like,
Hey, the girl's in charge.
I'm Angelina Jolie.
I'm making out and stealing cars and all this stuff.
Like, I don't get it.
It looks neat.
I mean, if it's free-to-play, I might check it out
because, you know, it's kind of cool-looking.
But that's the trailer, which I'm sure has nothing to do
with the actual gameplay of the game.
And I gotta say, with a game that's, you know, on Playboy.com,
not a bit of nudity in there at all.
No nudity whatsoever.
Except for Pam Anderson in the background.
Poisonville.com.
Let's try that website.
Maybe there's nudity there.
Let's see.
We'll get lucky here.
Poisonville.com.
Let's see.
Toa Gak in our chat room says, GTA, girl take all.
Your shit.
In parentheses.
Nah, he's trying.
He's trying.
You need a better acronym than that.
Oh, oh, oh.
They've got the beta.
You can try this.
Free-to-play right now.
Someone sounds like an infomercial.
Are you on Playboy's payroll?
No, I'm on the Poisonville website.
But I gotta say, though,
I'm looking at all these different screenshots and stuff.
The screenshots look pretty good,
but the game has no nudity.
Therefore does not need to be on this website.
Now, if it's Playboy Mansion, the game, you know,
where it's kind of an adult version of Charlie's Angels
where heff is Charlie.
The girls next door of the game would be great.
Hello, angels.
I need you to pleasure me today.
That's how I kind of picture that game.
I just want a decent game with boobies.
Is that too much to ask?
Besides God of War.
All right.
Moving on, let's talk about something that definitely
doesn't have to do anything at all with boobies.
In fact, this is possibly the worst possible story
that could follow up on that last story.
It has to do with a new Nintendo DS game.
It's called Atari's Greatest Hits Volume 1.
It's 50 different games available to play on the Nintendo DS,
things from the Atari 2600 games such as Sword Quest,
Tempest, Outlaw, Dodge'em, Real Sports Football,
Starship, and basically all the same shit you see in Game Room, right?
And then there's some arcade hits including Pong and
Lunar Lander and Missile Command and all this.
I guess the one neat thing about this game,
it is a $30 cartridge, so you're kind of like,
oh, boy, what do I care?
The one neat thing about this game is that it does have
something Game Room doesn't have.
Single cartridge multiplayer.
20 titles in the game's collection.
I'm imagining some of them are single player and
don't have a reason to be shared like Adventure and Sword Quest.
But 20 of the games, you'll be able to share the game data
with another DS to do multiplayer.
That includes Space Duel and Pong.
And you'll be able to do the multiplayer DS with just one cartridge.
So I guess that's kind of cool, but at the same time,
I don't know, we got our retro fix with Game Room,
and if they would just add multiplayer,
maybe it would be better and so on and so forth.
There you go.
Hey, how about the mailbag?
Let's go to our mailbag at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Every week Dark Sakura dives into the mailbag head first,
picks out a couple emails that she thinks are worthy
of being read on the show, and then she reads them.
I do.
You do.
So Dark Sakura.
Well, first of all, I delete any email that's full of stupidity.
Just thought I'd say that.
Good for you.
So let me go on to the first of our beautiful,
gorgeous, fantastical emails.
I'll start with a shorty.
Greetings, OLR crew.
It's been a while, hasn't it?
I just want to say that I love the show.
Also, I saw Scott Pilgrim vs. the World,
and it's now my new favorite movie.
The video game references are hilarious.
The gay roommate is hilarious, and so are the seven evil exes.
I'm going to buy the book so I can see the backstory,
and I'm going to buy the game also.
So keep up the good work, OLR.
Love, Geekboy2424.
P.S. Those of you who get the reference from K.ON,
I give OLR a muy muy heart cannon.
Wow.
Well, thanks.
I'm glad you liked the movie.
I didn't think it was the best movie ever,
but it was, it tickled the retro funny bone, I suppose.
You know, all that stuff.
There you go.
Next one from Troy.
Hi.
Okay, apparently you sent two, so I'm going to actually go to the,
see if I can find the first one.
Okay, maybe not.
I'll just go ahead and read this one.
Sorry for the double email, but I thought this was funny.
Apparently you can buy Halo Reach early for 99,999 Microsoft points.
Oh, somebody didn't listen to last week's show yet
when they sent the email.
Yeah.
Talked to all about it on last week's show.
And no, you can't.
That's much cheaper than that now.
Is it?
Yeah. Free.
Oh, true.
True.
But you might get banned according to an article earlier in the show.
Ooh, this one's for me.
From you?
For me.
For you?
Well, let's hear it.
Hey, OLR.
I'm writing in with a food related question.
It's labeled Orange Lounge Foodio.
Um, food related questions, especially for, specifically for Jamie.
Apologies for sending this to the show inbox,
but I couldn't find a way of contacting her personally.
Wow.
Well, I'll go and read it.
Why not?
Jamie.
We haven't had a good food derailing yet.
I've been working my way to better health over the past few months.
With the help of persistent diet and exercise,
I've managed to gain a healthy 25 pounds.
However, I've hit a rut and stopped gaining weight for about three weeks now.
My body has become accustomed to my diet,
and I need to add more to it if I want to progress.
Do you have any suggestions as to what foods have high amounts of calories?
Hmm.
I've been including foods such as salmon, beef, and oats into my diet.
Anything with healthy fats and proteins will be appreciated as well.
Thank you so much in advance.
I love the show and keep up the good work.
I'm not going to read the person's name,
but I'm sure the person knows who it is.
Well, you're going to want to eat fried chicken and pizza.
No, Rob.
It's gaining weight.
That's how I gained weight.
The way that my uncle did it is he ate a lot of tuna.
A lot of tuna.
Um, you can also, um,
Now, keep in mind, I'm going more towards the opposite direction,
towards the, you know, lean tissue, the losing side.
Um, but you can eat, um,
Tempe is really good to get your protein from if you want a vegetarian source.
Um, tofu, um, but-
Beefcake 3000.
Beefcake!
If you're trying to go, like, the real food route,
I know that the way that my uncle did it is that instead of,
also instead of sucrose, he used, um, fructose as a sweetener,
because it's a more complex sugar.
And, you know, more whole wheat type stuff,
but I'd say lots of fish.
Lots of fish.
Go get sushi.
A lot of sashimi.
And, you know, I don't know if you've got a Fuddruckers where you are.
I haven't seen them out in that area, but maybe they do.
They have elk burgers, and they're super good.
You can get elk and game meat.
Like, you can get venison at some grocery stores.
You can probably go hunting for it.
I should put out this disclaimer.
Jamie's not a doctor, and neither am I.
I am not.
And you really should, if you want to make sure you're doing it the right way,
be under a doctor's care.
That's what I was gonna say wrong.
I'm just saying.
I was gonna say it.
I just don't want to get sued.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm showing you what I've read and what other-
But she plays one on the internet.
Dr. Sakura. No.
She's played a lot of Trauma Center.
Ugh, shut up.
Don't make me break out the vuvuzela.
Anyway.
I'm really just passing on to you what I've observed, what I've seen other people do.
Really the best thing to do.
Which is what I was getting to before Rob stood on the soapbox.
Is talk to your nutritionist.
Find a nutritionist.
Do some research.
I'll email you back with some of my own happenings.
I'll make sure that you get my contact information.
But, um.
But, yeah. I mean.
And, of course, make sure that you do not slack off on the exercise.
Change your routine.
Unless your goal is to get a bigger butt.
A trainer that I talked to just the other day, actually.
Said that if you start hitting a rut in your, um, like your-
And I was kind of actually thinking about this, too.
Because I used to do this with DDR.
Okay.
Is that if you feel something getting too easy.
And, you know.
You can change it up. Do something that's harder.
Because that's how you challenge yourself, right?
Well, someone was bringing it up at the gym just the other day.
And I was hearing them talk about it.
And I guess the same thing would apply.
You know.
I'm not a fitness coach.
And if all you really want is a bigger butt.
Dark Soccer was looking at some stuff before the show.
Booty Pop Panties.
Just look them up. Google them.
Booty Pop Panties.
They're $20 panties.
They give you a bigger butt?
They make your butt pop.
Alright.
And apparently according to Kelly Ripa, they're really comfortable to sit on.
Like I'd listen to anything that chick has to say.
Dear OLR, first of all, congrats to Loki on the new spawn.
I've seen the pictures and if the kid is in fact a white guy with red hair, I might suggest sunscreen. Lots.
I'm talking a container of sunscreen the size of a grain cellar.
Second, about the marathon show, I'd be up for it.
I haven't been able to listen live for a while because of school and working on my book.
But the concept of a marathon show intrigues me.
Just think of all the loopy incoherent chatter we could deliver around 8 AM.
It'll be like the old school DDR tournament shows.
If you want to hear some real train wreck radio, go look at the...
Go try to find the show. I don't even know if it was recorded at B3.
Where we did like... We had to do like 20 hours of programming across two days. It was crazy.
Or my favorite as well was the Shaft that we did.
Yes, it was called Sacramento hosts another fabulous tournament.
Oh, that's what we said it was.
Yes. That was hosted at Scandia.
And I just remember like I was emceeing the DDR freestyle.
And at certain points I'd look over and there was one point where it just looked like Loki was rambling incoherently into the microphone.
Like I don't even know what he was saying.
And then at one point Jahi... God, I love that guy. I don't know where he's at these days.
But Jahi, like I remember looking over and he had the mic just by himself.
And he was just going like this...
Like yelling into the microphone. It seemed like I'm like...
Who's listening to him right now? Poor people.
I love Jahi.
Oh yeah. Good times.
By the way, just to note for anyone who owns an iPad, buy a Bluetooth wireless keyboard.
It is a better keyboard than the virtual keyboard on the iPad, doesn't move out of place like the keyboard that hooks into the iPad dock, and can be found online for 40 bucks.
Again, I own an iPad.
That's the face he made. The P.
So it went...
Staycare Redertainment.
This message has been brought to you by the Black Robin Christmas Carol. Insert self-indulgent plug here.
Sent from my iPad. Ha!
Last email, Rob?
No, actually we got two.
Oh, here's the other part from Troy. Sorry.
Hey there, OLR. I don't entirely know if you guys know how to love a cat or even if you have a pet, but you should watch this.
Oh, it's 100 Ways to Love a Cat.
Well, I'll watch it later.
I'll watch it later.
I have a cat. I have a Shermie.
She likes to be loved with food.
Um...
Okay, here's the last one.
Hi, OLR folks.
Hi.
Rob.
What? I'm gonna respond back. If they say hi, I gotta say hi back. I don't wanna be rude.
Hi, OLR folks. There was something that a friend of mine said to me that really bothered me.
He said I wasn't a hardcore gamer.
I was quite hurt by that because I always thought I was a hardcore gamer.
I have a PS3, Wii, DS, First Generation, Dreamcast, Gameboy Color, and N64.
I still win.
All with their original boxes.
I've got figurines from Soul Calibur 2, a resin statue from Space Channel 5, Mounds and Mounds of Video Games,
sheet music, a few video game reference t-shirts,
and even my screensaver and desktop wallpapers are from EchoChrome and I don't even owe the game.
Do you think I'm still a hardcore gamer?
Um...
Gamer is what you play, not what you own.
No, you're just a pussy.
Game is what you play, not what you own.
Your friend is clearly just elitist.
Jealous.
Yeah, he's just a hater.
He's judging you.
You know what? We have a saying.
And the saying goes like this.
Haters gonna hate.
And your friend is a hater.
And all he's gonna do is he's gonna hate.
He's judging.
Yeah, that's right.
He's judging.
Stop judging.
Right.
A quick bit of history about me.
I grew up as a 90s gamer when I was in my teens, like the rest of us.
I was all about fighting games, among other genres,
and there was no shortage of Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat clones.
The same was side-scrolling beat-em-up games like Simpsons Arcade and X-Men,
to the X-Men game was great.
My friend is constantly trying to get me to play Left 4 Dead,
and even though I don't have an Xbox 360, nor do I want one,
the reason I don't want to play it is because I suck at first-person shooters,
and I end up getting killed when I try to fight against more seasoned gamers,
except for Portal.
See, your friend's a hater.
I can't wait for the sequel to come out.
For the record, the sequel is spelled S-E-Q-U-E-L, not A-L.
For the past few years, FPSers have been all the rage.
There have been Halo clones left and right,
so I guess my question is, does not liking a certain genre
that seems to currently be the most popular make you someone less of a gamer?
Thank you for reading my email, Stan.
No, it doesn't.
Your friend is just being a dick.
Okay, can I play devil's advocate for a minute?
Go for it.
I think everybody in chat is in agreeance that his friend's just being a jerk
and a hater, and I think we're all saying that too,
but let me ask you this.
Using this same logic, is somebody that plays Facebook games
and Farmville and Bejeweled Blitz and Imagine Cat Shop and Just Dance,
are they a gamer?
I don't think Facebook games count.
Really?
Now, if you're playing Bejeweled on a handheld system, that's a game.
See, okay, well, here's the definition.
You've got your casual games, right?
Which, they're technically, yes, they're games.
But I think that the actual definition of gamer as far as what is socially considered a gamer
has to do specifically with PC and console games.
Not flash-based games, if you know what I mean,
but, like, installing said game on hard drive playing, you know, against people.
The more, the higher intensity stuff.
I think multiplayer games, you know, again, installed content, console type things,
yes, those count. That's a gamer.
But if you play mostly puzzlers and things, you're gonna be looped into that casual category.
And I think that hardcore, if I'm gonna even go a bit further into generalizations,
we're looking at a very, what's the word that I'm thinking of, gender related type of theme.
I think I can, I wanna try and nail down this definition a lot quicker.
I think a gamer is someone who has an appreciation for game culture.
It's a gaming enthusiast.
If you enter the trouble to download this podcast and email it,
you care about games enough, I think you're a gamer.
If you have ever bought a gaming magazine off the shelf,
you have an interest in gaming culture, you're a gamer.
We do have non-gamers that listen, by the way.
And that's possible, sure. We probably have a lot of food fans at the rate this show's going.
If you are somebody who has ever watched a television program about video games
because you are interested in the content, you're probably a gamer.
I think a gamer is just somebody who has an active interest in gaming culture.
And somebody who does Farmville and That's It probably really isn't a gamer
because they don't have an interest in the culture of games and why we play them.
They're someone that just plays games.
And what motivates us and what keeps our interest, you know what I mean?
Well, it's like, you know, the other definition of gamer is, of course, tabletop.
But, you know, it's like I can sit down, when I play Monopoly, am I playing a game?
I'm playing as much of a game as I am playing Street Fighter.
It's a game. It's for entertainment.
But I don't collect Monopoly memorabilia.
So, I'm not a board gamer, I guess.
That's what I'm trying to look at it is by, and to put it back to this way,
it's not what you have, it's what you do with it.
Okay, that sounded dirty.
It's the games that you have, the games that you enjoy.
And if you play them all the time, that's pretty hardcore, you know.
And if you make it a part of your life, like you were saying,
if you make it a part of your life, then you're a gamer.
And your friend's a hater.
And your friend's a hater. Your friend's just judging you.
All right.
And Tigerclaw in our chatroom says this.
If this so-called friend had been saying that, all that, then that is not a friend at all.
You get the impression that they don't want to be around you just because you like games that they don't.
I don't know if it's necessarily that severe,
but your friend just kind of, in regards to this topic, needs to pull his head out of his butt.
Tiara told me something funny.
What's that?
If you're playing Monopoly, you may not be a board gamer, you might be a board gamer.
Ah, play on words.
She's a grammar enthusiast. All right.
Anyhow.
I get pretty bored once, you know, all the big streets are bought up.
Is that it for the mailbag?
It's over!
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
The mailbag is closed.
It's time for us to do a little bit of ranting in a segment we like to call The F-Years of the Week.
I have a number of FUs, but one of them is...
What was I ranting about when you guys came in today?
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
Just...
When I came in here, you were talking about those booty shorts.
Well, okay.
I've got a lot of really good stuff happening to me this week, so I'd say FU to not having enough time.
And stupid drivers!
I also say an FU to lack of time, especially since I have to take care of the baby and I don't sleep very much anymore.
I go to bed at, like, 11 and I have to wake up again to feed him.
Like, last night, I actually was trying to go to bed at, like, 9 because I anticipate getting up way early in the morning.
And so I tried to put him down at 10 and he just kept fussing and would not go to sleep until about midnight.
And that sucked and I had to get up again every couple hours and then wake up usually with him around 4 o'clock in the morning.
Or 5 o'clock in the morning, sometimes 6 o'clock in the morning, and we're up until I have to go to work.
So, you know, multiply that times infinite.
And it really sucks.
But just the lack of time to actually get to work on my grandpa thought of mods and stuff like that.
And also an FU to just plain shitty drivers.
I was behind this old...
Well, I thought it was an old man. I ended up being an old woman.
But she was obviously lost and didn't know where she was going or she was looking for a turn of some sort.
And so she was driving really slow and then finally it was funny and kind of ironic.
Blew through a red light and then it got caught by the red light camera.
So a little bit of karma justice there, but I just hate people that do that kind of stuff.
Or just blow through stop signs.
I ran into somebody in a parking lot.
Well, they didn't really run into them, but they just blew right through the stop sign.
Like, oh, it doesn't apply to me.
So, you know, FU to those people and FU to the stupid young modders on sevensins.com.
Because, my God, you treat this shit like it's high school with all the fucking drama and stuff.
Some people are asking questions and you're like, well, I'm too good to answer your fucking questions.
So, you know, fuck them.
And fuck you for deleting my post just because I'm explaining how to do things.
Because you want to claim to be the first person that's ever done this thing.
Maybe you should stop hanging on web forums with fourteen and fifteen year old boys.
Well, I try not to, but it's very limited.
You know, modding the Xbox 360 version of Grand Theft Auto, it's very limited in the amount of message boards out there for that.
Trust me, if there was a different source, a more mature forum that I could go to, I would love to be there.
Do you think anyone from that forum might listen to this show and just go post over there?
No, I don't care.
This asshole on this internet radio station.
I really don't care.
My FU of the week, really not hard to figure out this week.
I'm a little angsty and would like to give a big FU to the fact that my trip got cancelled.
And it wasn't just the fact that a plane caught fire, but it was the fact that, you know, we ended up getting rerouted to another flight that was delayed for like three hours.
And it's kind of like they could have given us a better heads up about the delay.
I was a little irritated.
Some parts of that situation just seemed preventable.
I'm a pretty resilient person, and I like to think I was able to let that situation kind of roll off my back as kind of like one of those funny life experiences.
But I did feel really bad for my friend, who it was supposed to be a birthday trip for her, and it's just, you know, really bummed out about it.
And I can understand.
Kind of sucks to have that happen.
So, just FU to shit happening.
Because sometimes it does.
Shit happens, or anything you can do about it.
Alright, meanwhile, back to the show.
Couple news stories for you guys, and then the Skypline!
Yes, it's kind of interesting.
There is a whole trademark dispute over Mafia Wars.
Digital Chocolate is claiming that they had the trademark Mafia Wars for their, I believe it's an iPhone game.
And then of course, you know, Zynga has their Mafia Wars game that came out later on.
That was on Facebook and PC and whatnot.
And of course, now, you know, their Mafia Wars game has all sorts of different marketing with, you know, 7-Eleven and that kind of stuff.
It says, um, the United States Patent and Trademark Office lists Zynga's first filing date for the game under the name Mafia Wars as July 1, 2009.
Although no filing under that name could be located with Digital Chocolate as the applicant, Digital Chocolate has not responded, of course, to the request by Joystick in this case.
Um, of course, you know, it's...
I don't know if it's a case that they didn't trademark the name, which would kind of suck for them.
But, I mean, the game did clearly come out before the Zynga version of Mafia Wars.
So, you know, they're going to court over that now.
Settlement. Yeah.
It's where these things always end up. Some type of out-of-court settlement. I'm sure.
Alright.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys. I guess I should get that Skype line ready to go, shouldn't I?
Alright, uh, 1877 game O-L-R, username is skypeazorgen. I don't know if you want to start calling.
But meanwhile, I got one more song...er, one more song.
One more story for you guys and this is very interesting and it's one of those things I looked at and I was like, really? Is this real life?
I don't even know.
What is this? I cannot even.
It's a game called The Bible Online. That's right. This is real.
It's a game called The Bible Online where you will get to slip into the role of Abraham and his descendants and have the opportunity to reenact and witness the incidents of their times.
The game will be split into chapters. The heroes will be the first one that comes out.
It's basically an MMO strategy game. You control your own tribe, you build a city, you wage war in the name of God.
I see why I mean, like, this almost sounds like a joke. Like, I just don't even get it but apparently there's a website. It's thebible-onlinegame.com.
Complete with side quests, role-playing elements and, uh, there you go. That's what it's all about.
No word yet if there's gonna be, you know, other religious texts. Um, what?
Have you actually looked at the screen captures on it? I did.
Yeah?
It's super dinky.
I almost think it, like, it's not real. Like, I just...
No, it is. It's real.
Wow.
There's a beta sign up. It's just, it's dinky. It's like, it reminds me even of a, like, a late 90s strategy game.
Where's Bibleville?
What? Are they gonna have a, uh, the Quran online? Are they gonna, are they gonna be equal opportunity and do a Quran online?
No.
Just don't put it too close to ground zero.
Anyhow. Moving on. Are you making food? Are you making me food?
Do you want a taco?
I don't want a taco. I'm fine.
I've been sitting here hungry.
Then make a taco.
Watching Linky eat.
Fine. I'll take calls without you.
I'll be in here a pack of taco. I'm also making my taco. Do you want me to make you a taco?
No, I don't want a taco.
Then fine. I'll be right back.
Fine.
Taco!
Do you want to send Dan in? Maybe Dan wants to talk to some listeners.
Dan, you wanna talk to some listeners?
Let's just have Dan answer the phones tonight.
Dan, come answer the phones.
He's busy playing something.
What's he playing? Do you know?
I don't know.
Oh, he's coming.
What are you playing?
Hey Dan. Dan, you wanna answer the phones tonight?
Yes.
Alright, Skypline with Dan.
Alright, so you're just gonna say, hi, this is Orange Lounge Radio. This is Dan. What do you want?
Okay, just fear me.
Alright, here we go. Skypline with Dan tonight. 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
You ready to go to the phones, Dan?
Let's do it.
Here we go. Here's the first call.
Hello, this is Orange Lounge Radio. Sup?
Hey, this is DJ Blaziken.
This is who?
DJ Blaziken.
DJ Blaziken.
DJ Blaziken.
Oh, good. Good to hear from you. What's up, man? How you doing? What can we do for you?
Uh, it's not much. I just got done with a Silent Hill in the dark session.
Wow.
Creepy as hell. Even though despite I unplugged my 60s audio cables...
Now the question is, did you have surround sound?
Um, I'm playing Homecoming for the 360 and I actually unplugged the 360 audio cables and plugged in my PSP audio cables for the stream.
And so basically I'm listening to you guys while playing Silent Hill.
I kind of get rid of the sound of the creepiness, but monsters coming out of the woodwork nowhere makes you jump out of my chair.
It's a giant mistake because Silent Hill is well known for its incredible sound design.
You play that on, like, surround sound system in the dark, it's going to fuck you up for life.
Oh, trust me. I've been screwed for life by Silent Hill years ago.
Yeah, I trust you, but I don't really want to hear about it.
No, no, no. It was back on the old PlayStation 1. I played it probably... I played a demo.
Hey, I'm in the middle of a call.
The demo of Silent Hill 1 basically creeped me the heck out when I was, like, 10. Okay?
You know, you probably shouldn't have been playing that when you were 10. It must mean your parents don't care about you.
I gotta go. I'm being kicked out of the room.
All right.
It's good to hear from you. And, uh...
Give me that!
Stay black.
What?
Give me the call. Take care. Bye. I don't know. Bye.
That's my husband. I have to live with this.
Did he really just end that call with, stay black? Is that...
I don't even...
Did it occur to you that he's not black, Dan?
All right. Moving on. Let's take another call. I guess Dan left the room. Let's move on.
Hi, here on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Ron Mudd. I want to know... Did you do that on purpose or what? I mean, really. That was just excellent timing.
Do what on purpose?
Rob, you know exactly what I'm talking about. No chat room knows.
Oh. No, but I would have closed the phone call with that if you want, but...
Actually, Dan just yelled from the living room, Rama, stay black.
Tell him to stay white.
You know, Rama says to stay white. You know, I didn't think that was something that could be changed very easily unless you're like Ted Danson at a, you know...
I think it has to do with those old 70s movies.
All right, well...
Because keep in mind, it's like the Hebrew hammer. There's a line, Shlomo, stay Jewish.
Once in a while, it's a video game talk show. I don't know if you've played any games this week, Rama, but...
I have. I have been playing Scott Pilgrim vs. the World for the last four to five days.
You know, I played the demo actually this week. I didn't talk about it because I got consumed with the Laura Croft game, but what do you think?
Anyone that loves River City Ransom, get your ass on Xbox Live or PlayStation Network and get this game. That's it.
It really, it's just River City Ransom 2, isn't it? It really is.
With all the gaming references, my God. I mean, I'm a type of person where I will play through a game and like, I'm pretty much done with it, won't pick it up again.
I fl, first day, me and my roommate, we finished the game in four and a half hours. Couple of days later, I jump on the game and plow right through it, and I played through the game again last night to like 4.30 in the morning.
It's a good time. That's like me on the Laura Croft game, but obviously this is, you know, for different reasons.
Is it just the nostalgia factor that's getting you, or are you really having fun just kind of button mashing and beating them up?
All of that. I mean, hell, I actually went out and bought an arcade fighter joystick just to play this game with.
Wow.
And I just automatically adjusted to the joystick and played through the game.
That is hardcore.
Yes.
That's awesome. Well, tell us a little bit about how the game kind of changes as it progresses, because something I noticed, like, in the demo I was playing, I was like, okay, well, this is kind of, you know, repetitive, it's button mashing, da-da-da.
But then I noticed, like, as you level up, oh, you start getting new moves.
Yes.
And then as you go into the shops, you can kind of enhance the strength and so forth. Does that kind of evolution continue as you move on?
Yes, something like that. Like, as every level goes on, the game gets progressively harder and harder, but you get more coins and more money.
Okay. So did you beat the game, or are you done with the game yet?
Yeah, me and my roommate, we finished the game, then I went through and beat the game twice, so I got two more times to go through the game so I can unlock the hidden character.
Ah, I was going to ask what the incentive is for multiple replay, but it's hidden characters then.
That, and when I looked at the lead divorce of my friends, I was determined to pretty much get to the top of the ladder out of my friends list, which I did.
Last I recall, I'm ranked, like, 2200, and everybody else is, like, in the 4000s.
That still means there's 2199 people better than you.
That means I'm going to have to go through every single one of them to get to the top.
That's right.
Number one guy has, like, over nine million dollars in the game on the vault. I've got my work cut out for myself.
It's a good thing he's not playing Final Fantasy XIV, or he would have got cut off by now.
Alright, any other thoughts for our listeners tonight, Rama, before I take some more calls?
I was going to talk about the whole online passing, but we'll save that for another time, because that's, like, another ten minutes of me ranting and losing my mind.
Alright, well, no problem. I'm sure there'll sadly be more stories on it as we move on.
There's folks asking for your gamertag in chat, so you might want to share.
Oh, I'll type it out in the chat room right now.
Alright, well, Rama, thank you so much for calling in. Have a great week, and of course, stay black, my friend.
L'chaim!
Alright, take care.
Let's go to the phones and take another call. Hi, you're on...
I had my mouth full of taco.
You had your mouth full? Was that a taco left? Alright, I've got another call.
Hi, you're on Ordnance Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Tiara.
Tiara, my friend. Long time, no chat. How are you?
I'm doing very good. How are you?
I am great, but I'd be better if I was in Vegas.
Oh, yeah, and speaking of Vegas, the reason I called is because I have to tell you about the This is Vegas game.
Yes.
The reason that they're not making it anymore is because I had to send out a cease and desist letter because they were copying my life.
What?
Yeah, I mean, I didn't mind, you know, the dancing, the gambling, you know, going out on the strip, but when they got to the part with punching people, I had to draw a line.
I see. So, basically, because it was an unauthorized biography of Tiara, you had to cease and desist them.
Exactly.
Ruining gamer dreams everywhere. How dare you?
I know. I also had to put a stop on Boobville, so that's the reason there's no Boobville.
Damn it! You ruined everything!
I'm also angry with you because I did not know that there was a Price is Right game on Facebook until you posted about that.
I didn't know about it until I posted about it. I mean, maybe I played once or twice, but yes, there is a Price is Right game on Facebook.
Yeah, and I played it, and I played it for a while, and it was like, it sucked up a couple of hours of my life because it's kind of addicting.
It is very addicting, which is weird because it's kind of stupid.
It really is.
And I'm like, this game is so stupid, but I keep hoping that I'll get picked to play Clock Game, and then I'm like, ooh, if I get to level 5, I'll get to unlock a new pricing game, and I'm really excited about that.
Why? Because I'm a sad person.
Do you have Plinko?
Not yet. All they have, all I ever see, well, the game is still in beta, but all I ever see is Clock Game and Safe Crackers.
Yeah, I always get Safe Crackers.
There's another one you get to unlock at level 5, but I have found that I am a terrible shopper. I have yet to be called up to play a pricing game, but, but, but, this is important, I am an awesome wheel spinner, and I almost always get 95 cents or a dollar, just saying.
Oh, nice. Yeah, I always weigh underbid. Like, the things that they are selling, or that they have for bid, it's like, nobody's going to pay as much money as the game says, and it seems like it's way more overpriced than the actual Prices Right television show, you know?
You just have to remember, real people like you and me shop at places like IKEA and Target, and the Prices Right apparently buys all of their stuff at the Galleria, you know, Versace, and all that good stuff.
Apparently so, yeah.
They shop at Whole Foods.
Anyways, I just wanted to call and say hi.
Well, thank you so much for the phone call.
I'll tell you the story behind the This is Vegas.
Well, I appreciate it. I wish you would stop ruining the dreams of gamers everywhere, but maybe you'll let us have something fun in the future?
Well, you guys can come down to Vegas, and I'll show you around.
You know what I would love to do if I don't have anything else planned this year? I would love to take, like, a Christmas trip to Vegas.
Yeah, that would be fun.
Christmas ain't no big deal to you anymore, right? Let's go.
I actually, depending on if I get a certain house, oh, I'm shopping for a house, so if I get one with an extra bedroom, you could probably even crash.
That would be awesome.
Oh, yes, and just so the chat knows, yes, Tiara has some type of clicking sound in the background. We'll just say Clicky the pen is trying to infiltrate Orange Lounge Radio. We'll just leave it at that. I don't know what that's all about.
Damn Clicky.
Damn Clicky.
It returned. The ghost was Clicky past.
Yeah, I don't know. This mic is very, very crazy with the clicking. Sometimes it comes up, sometimes it just randomly disappears.
I think it's actually the doctor is coming to kidnap me, and it's the sonic screwdriver, but it's malfunctioning, so it makes a Clicky noise instead of a...
Well, you did get possessed by the Daleks earlier.
I thought maybe it was like, you know, she's like Bob Dole where she clutches the pen all day, and she's just clicking it because she's nervous about...
Well, you missed when she got invaded by Daleks earlier.
Yeah.
Is that on the other...
We were recording our other podcast.
Am I allowed to talk about that? Oh, you just did, so I can't.
We're doing another podcast. You're going to plug it?
Is it the Giggling Girl comic show again?
Yeah, it kind of is, except for there's a dude now, so it's two giggling girls and a dude.
Giggling dude.
Men ruining everything.
Where can I get it? Where can I download it? Is it ready?
It's going to be on EnfamousGamers.com, and that's Enfamous without an I, so N-F-A-M-O-U-S Gamers dot com.
EnfamousGamers. Sounds good. All right.
Well, Tiara, thanks so much for your call. Good luck with the podcast since Dark Soccer is on, and I'm sure it'll be a challenge.
But I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Oh, you should see the death stare. I just got it. It was pretty awesome.
You owe me ice cream.
I don't eat ice cream. Good luck. There's your ice cream. All right.
Tiara, thank you so much for your phone call. Stay black, and we'll talk to you next time.
All right, thanks.
All right, take care.
1-877-KMOLR. Are you seeing him on Skype? It's Orange Lounge Radio.
I think I'm just going to say that to all the callers tonight. Just, you know, why not?
All right, 1-877-KMOLR. Your username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
While we wait for some calls, Loki, do we have any last minute stories tonight?
Snoop Dogg is having some rock band tracks coming to, well, rock band.
You don't say.
No, I don't say. No, it's on September 7th. I'm not sure what tracks are actually going to be in the-
It's not that fucking California girls song, is it?
It's going to be an eight-pack of tracks. It's going to include, and they don't say. So it's eight tracks, though.
How convenient. All right, let's go to the phones. We got more calls coming in.
But they were produced exclusively for rock band.
Hold on, we're getting hamburger calls. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello? I think they hung up. Hi, Orange Lounge Radio. You there? Nope, it ended. They hung up.
Trigger finger, I don't know. Let's go to another call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link. How are you, my friend?
Doing good. Doing well. Watching my fianc over here playing on my iTouch, the Are You Smart in the 5th Grader.
Ah, that show. I can't believe they let Jeff Fox wear the host of Game Show.
But speaking of game shows, The Price is Right on Facebook is a complete crap.
Really? You are hitting, all right?
I'm hating it. Why are you hating it?
It's a completely watered-down version of the PC game.
If you spend 20 bucks by the PC game, just go through it and you can unlock every single one of these games and play as much as you want.
Don't sit there spending seven, eight hours trying to unlock every single one of these games, which you can do the same thing for 20 bucks,
maybe even a little less, and you can find it somewhere on sale or even on eBay or something.
But will the PC game allow me to post how I'm doing in the game so I can show off my EP into the world?
Why not just take a screenshot and do the same thing?
Will it let me possibly, if my team score is high enough, win a trip to L.A. to see a backstage taping or whatever it was called?
Why would you want to do that when you're already near L.A. as it is?
I'm not that close.
Hey, apparently I'm not able to fly there, as I learned this week.
Yeah, like burning down planes and everything.
I'm just that awesome, I guess. Burning down the house.
Yeah. You're hot. You're just burning down planes.
Hey, hey, hey. You can't make jokes like that.
Alright. Look, uh...
We can make jokes like that. They're just not in good taste.
Clearly.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's going a little too far.
Anyways, a lot of these games are on Facebook.
I just don't like anymore because a lot of them, especially like the Price is Right, how it was in beta,
I didn't like that because of it being a watered-down version of the PC game.
Same thing with the iTouch versions of Price is Right.
And Price is Right were both also watered-down versions of the PC one.
Some of those iPod games are really horrible.
And I'll tell you, I finally was able to upgrade to the iPhone 4 this week.
I didn't talk about it earlier in the show because I had other video games to talk about.
But I finally, being the sheep I am, I upgraded to an iPhone 4.
One of the great things about it is that now it has the speed to actually be able to play a lot of the games that are out there for it.
But some of them aren't worth my time.
Like, there's a port of Sonic 2 available, which, you know, don't get me wrong.
I love Sonic and Sega makes some great games.
But the frame rate, even on the iPhone 4, is kind of junky.
And just controlling with the touchscreen is kind of crap.
Like, it just doesn't make for a good experience.
Not everything in the world has to be on the friggin' iPhone, you know?
No, I agree.
You know, I'm a big fan of a lot of different games.
And a lot of games, when they try to port it over, it was like turning into absolute, you know, crap.
It's like, what did they do with this? Why did they do this in the first place?
It's like, you don't think they took enough time with it, you know?
It's like, or at least enough feedback, I don't know.
Maybe because a lot of the feedback is being diluted by other companies, but, you know.
It's really interesting, though, just how saturated the marketplace has become.
They say it's almost impossible to make money in there now because it's just so, so saturated.
It takes so much for your game to stick out amongst everything that's out there
that a lot of people are really struggling.
I totally agree. I totally agree.
And, you know, I mean, nothing against any of these games.
You know, I love Price is Right and I love that kind of stuff.
And the only reason why I didn't blast it out at everybody on my Facebook page
is because I didn't really want everybody to be playing it.
I looked at it and I'm like, at first, it wasn't even loading.
It wasn't even loading at first. It was coming up as a blink train.
And when they did it, it was like, when I saw it, I'm like, no, I'm not doing this.
To be fair, to play Devil's Advocate just a little bit, the game is still in beta,
so it's not going to be perfect. I just got to throw that out there.
Yes, but I had 20, you know, I'd rather pay my $20 PC game that I bought.
So I was happy when I bought it day one.
I guess one point you do make, you know, you only get to play so many games
of The Price is Right for free, and then if you want more coins,
you have to buy them with real money.
So I totally get your point. Don't spend real money on this game
if you could just plop down $20 and get a superior game.
I'll agree with that.
Or even cheaper, depending on where you buy it from.
I mean, I've seen it even on sale as low as $10, depending on what place it's from.
So I mean, yes. Like I said before, it's worth the wait.
And the games are really good.
I mean, they did a real good job with Press Your Luck.
I love it for the PC. I play it all the time.
I love how there's 17 different episodes you can go through
and unlock different stuff.
But as for the other versions, other than maybe that and the Wii, it was crap.
It was like they just threw it out there without even knowing what was going on.
And I would love to see the PlayStation version have, like, avatar support.
But unfortunately, like I said before, the reason it didn't
is because of the fact that it was a bad replica of the port,
basically from that of the PC or the Wii.
All right. Well, I got to wrap up here.
Anything else you want to talk to our listeners about tonight real quick?
No, that's pretty much it. That's all I wanted to say.
That and the fact that Civ IV demo won't be coming out to the day of.
Civ V, but yes, it's not coming out to the day of.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've been so behind you.
There's too many damn games to keep track of these days. It's all right.
Well, thank you for the call, my friend. Really appreciate it.
Have a wonderful week, and stay black.
You too. 5,000.
Bye.
What'd he say at the end there?
I missed that.
I missed it too. I hope it wasn't another plain joke,
because, yeah, they frown on those.
All right, that's it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys so much for calling. We appreciate it.
Sorry if you didn't get through, but please, you can always send us an email, a tweet.
It's not too much to ask. 140 characters or less.
Loki, any stories you want to get out here before we finish?
Uh, yeah, I was just checking that right now to see if there was anything we didn't talk about.
You know what? Tigerclaw's throwing one out in chat I'll mention real quick.
I don't remember hearing this either unless Matt had just covered it before in the last one.
There's an Epic Mickey Collector's Edition. Did you mention that?
No, I didn't mention that, but whatever.
There is this Epic Mickey Collector's Edition, which you don't see a whole lot of Wii game collector's editions,
so that's kind of cool. But yeah, it looks like it's in an extra big box,
and it comes with a little, uh, it's $69.99.
It comes with a faceplate for the Wiimote, a DVD as well,
and it looks like a little five-inch vinyl figurine of Mickey with a paintbrush, which is kind of cool.
They had also a new collector's edition for Dead Rising 2,
where you can actually get it from Capcom,
and it comes with, like, a bunch of poker chips and custom poker cards and stuff like that,
and then also a chance to win a six-foot-tall life-size statue of, uh, Zombie.
But that's only, you know.
I thought at first, before I actually read the article, that it was every single package that was like,
oop, gonna buy that instantly, but, uh, obviously that would be way too expensive.
But, um, that's something that they're gonna be giving away.
Uh, let's see, stuff that maybe we didn't talk about.
Um...
Ah, yes.
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep is not coming to the PlayStation Network,
so if you own a PSP Go, you ain't playing that game.
Thank you, Square Enix.
Um...
See, we talked a little bit about Angry Birds.
Um, I guess the devs working with Hollywood advisors on a possible movie pitch.
They will probably accept it because they're desperate for stuff.
Um...
The full track list for DJ Hero 2 got released.
Well, by track list, it means the songs that they will be using in the mixes.
Um, some cool stuff, though, I actually like.
It was funny, one of the songs I was actually almost gonna pick for a cage mechanism,
and still might pick, uh, the Prodigy Omen off their new album is on there.
And of course the, um, the classic Firestarter is part of that as well.
Um, some new Tiesto tracks on there.
Uh, Speedrail, I Will Be Here, and Come On.
Um, lots of Lady Gaga, actually.
They're gonna have Love Game, Bad Romance, and Just Dance in there as well.
Of course, Connie West's Love Lockdown and Heartless.
Um, and then they've got some random, like, old school stuff in there.
Like, they have, uh...
Is it Janet Jackson with Nasty?
Um, you know, they have Axl F is in there, the Axl Fully theme from the Beverly Hills Cop movies.
Um, Gorillaz, they've got Stylo in there.
Sweet!
Uh, Donna Summer's with, uh, Bad Girls.
Stylo has a pretty sweet bass line, though, I bet mixes really well with other songs.
Uh, New Order's Blue Monday is gonna be in there.
Uh, Orbital with the box.
That's pretty awesome, they have Orbital in there.
Uh, Salt-N-Pepa's Push It.
And then, um...
It's kinda cool, uh, Justice is gonna be in there as well with D.A.N.C.E. and also Waters of Nazareth.
I don't remember Waters of Nazareth, but I did put in D.A.N.C.E. in that cage match, so that's kinda cool.
But yeah, lots of cool stuff.
Uh, only one Daft Punk song, so that's a little depressing.
Human, after all, is in there.
Um, Basement Jacks with Where's Your Head At.
Um, yeah, lots of cool stuff.
Very excited about it.
In fact, actually, they have a Facebook app that you can check out that's a contest where you're supposed to guess what the mashups are.
And they're kinda giving you a little bit of a preview of, um, some of the songs that are actually gonna be in the game of sets and stuff.
So, it's kinda neat, so check that out.
Alright. I wonder if there's any standalone songs, cause there were a few of those in, uh, D0-1, like Herbie Hancock.
There might be some beat juggles or whatever, um, so, that could be cool.
Um, I don't know.
Uh, we'll see.
Yeah.
Alright, well if that's it for, uh, Last Minute Stories, then, um, I guess it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
It's time to end another show.
Boohoo, sad.
Um, final thoughts tonight.
Darsakra, what's your final thought tonight?
My arms hurt.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Loki, you have a final thought tonight?
Uh, one last thing I was gonna say, uh, Portal is also gonna become part of the syllabus at apparently Wabush College.
It's actually, you know, I don't think you have to read it, but obviously play it.
Cause they're a heck of a final thought.
Yeah, but, uh, no, my final thought is, uh, I have a headache from lack of sleep, and I don't anticipate it going away.
And that sucks.
My final thought is, back to work tomorrow, back to the real world, boohoo, cry, sob.
But hey, three day weekend coming up, yay! Labor Day!
Yay!
That's right, that's, uh, next weekend.
That's right, it's coming weekend.
Ah, that's why we're doing the, it all makes sense now.
There you go! Hello!
Uh, you know what that means, though?
That means I have to wake up earlier with the baby, because Nellie's gonna be like, I wanna sleep in!
Which is fine, you know, I let her.
I pamper this woman, like, seriously, I get like four hours of sleep, and I give her a foot massage.
You know, I don't even go to sleep, I give her a foot massage, and then I go to sleep.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah, good husband here!
You're a great husband.
Alright, uh, keep your eye out on the forums, guys, we're gonna be taking suggestions for the marathon, um, within reason, keep it clean.
Uh, and, uh, all that good stuff, um, Loki, of course, will be joining us next week for the real show, quote, quote.
Uh, and then, uh, myself, DarkSakura, Alan will be here for the marathon, um, hopefully Dan, and who knows who else are gonna show up.
You gotta invite Mystique, I hope she shows up, because she can yell random things in the microphone.
What other local folks can we be inviting to the show?
Maybe a few peeps.
Alright, it'll be surprise-filled.
So, we'll be back next week with an epic, epicness show.
Uh, until then, thank you guys so much for listening to our show.
If you like what you've heard, as we always say, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
We don't have a huge website backing us, you know, we're not a one-up or a game spot or whatever.
We are just us, and we always have been, and we're not gonna change.
Um, so we'll see you next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week, everybody!
And stay black.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
