Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Lowkey
Tonight, August 8th, 2010, Kinect may not be available for Indie games. Soon you can play video games with your eyes.
And a warning for all Starcraft 2 players.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 377 of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only, knocking stuff over.
She reaches for her mic. Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
How you doing? Why are you so angry? Why are you mad though?
Because I made a boo boo and this thing is trying to get rid of this stupid thing.
You made a boo boo? Please, let's revel in what mistakes you've made.
I got that security shield thing because I hit space.
So my security shield, is that one of those spammy spam spammers programs?
It's called a rogue anti-spyware when it's really the worst kind of spyware there is.
So it's spyware disguised as anti-spyware. It's the type of thing my mom would have all over her computer.
Yeah, and I'm trying to get rid of it without having to reboot.
So word of warning to those folks out there. Watch what you hit the space bar on.
I know right. Just because it looks like your windows doesn't mean it's right.
And I was actually right in the middle of typing to somebody on AIM when it popped up.
I hate that. Because I use the space bar for everything.
Right, of course. Alright, not joining us tonight is Tech Master Loki.
Of course, if you were listening to last week's show, he had a baby last week.
So he's on baby leave for a little while. We'll let you know when he's going to come back.
But filling in for Loki in the meantime, not replacing Loki because Loki is irreplaceable.
But filling in for Loki, say hello to, we've missed this guy too because it's been a while since he's been on the show.
Say hello to Dan the Man. How you doing Dan?
I'm kind of on the show like every week or two.
Well you do drop in and say hello, but you don't sit in on the show like you're doing tonight.
I get to sit at my own desk.
I know, instead of Loki taking up the chair, it's you.
Awesome.
So the listeners heard you had a rough week last week. How you doing though?
Not really.
Yeah?
I feel like before.
I'm sorry, not this last week.
It was last week.
Whatever.
I'm good.
You're good. Feeling good?
Yeah.
Alright. Are you feeling beautiful?
Of course.
I just had to throw him a curve ball.
And awesome.
Alright. Dan is going to be helping out while Loki's on vacation because it's really easy for Dan to help out because he lives here.
So, you know, he's usually pretty readily available.
So Dan will be filling in until Loki decides he's going to come back, which I hope he does decide to come back at some point.
Because I got to admit, there's that part of me that's always wondered.
You know, when Loki has this baby, is he going to want to do a little radio show on the internet anymore?
Or is he going to worry that the stuff he says on this show his kid might hear someday? I don't know.
That would be awfully pathetic.
No, I'm positive he will come back, but he can take all the time he needs.
Alright. Well, we'll get back to Dan in a little while.
But I want to introduce somebody else to you guys because we have a guest in the studio tonight too.
And we're really glad to have her.
It's the second time she's been on the show and she probably would be one of the few guests that come.
I can only think of maybe two or three guests that have traveled further than she has to be on the show.
Say hello, everybody, to Misty is here tonight.
Howdy, y'all.
How you doing, Misty?
I'm doing good.
Alright, excellent.
So, let's see, for those that haven't, when was the last time you were on the show?
It was about a year ago-ish?
No, due to stuff happening last time, we never even got to do a pre-taped segment.
So this is my first time, just my second time being in Dan and Jamie's house.
I thought for some reason you were on a show. Oh, we did like a pre-taped thing or something, huh?
We didn't even get to that last time.
Really?
Really.
I thought you should have been on a show before.
Yeah, Rob.
Yeah.
Well, okay, after 377 episodes, they all start to blur a little bit, okay? Give me a break.
Alright, well anyway, then welcome to the show at BSMA.
But you've called in before and all that good stuff, so hopefully the listeners know you.
And also, a lot of listeners may have not heard you because you don't call in every week.
But you have a presence on the website, and you've been following the Twitters, and I know you've always been a big supporter of the show.
So thank you, first off, for being such a supporter of OLR over the years.
When did you first start listening? It's been a while, right?
Episode 91.
Wow, that's some time ago. Alright.
What is the best thing about Orange Lounge Radio, you think? Just to inflate our egos a little bit?
Again, it's back more toward the DDR in random days. Of course, the tangents that pop up now still make it worth it.
You know, I've kind of heard that, that even though we're not a music-based game show anymore, kind of like the community that still lives on because of that, I've definitely heard is like a thing that people like about the show.
And certainly, you know, as much as I've hated on a lot of the recent games that that same company's put out that gave us DDR, obviously the show wouldn't exist if it weren't for that.
And for that, I will always be thankful, and they'll always be a part of me that wants to play those games as crappy as they are these days.
Alright, anyhow, so Misty will be joining us, and we'll talk to her a little more a little later.
But we're going to get into a little bit of how was your gaming week, because we always start off the show talking about our gaming weeks and what we've been playing.
So let's go over to DarkSakura. What have you been playing besides Download, Add-A-Wear, and Spybot as quickly as possible?
Well, I played some Ragnarok and Star Trek online, as usual, and then I made Dan play stuff for me so I could watch, because my hand still hurts a lot.
Oh, that's right. You still have the hand thing going on.
But it's not seeping joint fluid anymore.
Yeah, actually, I can stand to look at it now. I get very squeamish with the whole blood thing.
You can touch it.
I don't want to touch it. I don't want to touch it. Why?
Because it's not gross.
I meant to slide the hole, not the hole.
Oh, I touched the hole.
Rob touched the hole.
I touched Jamie's hole. Sorry, Dan.
Alright.
No problem.
Alright.
Oh, Rob.
At least the hole's in your hand and not in your head.
But Dan played the games for me so that I could watch and then go, what?
Alright. Well, Dan, we'll skip on over to you. What kind of games have you been playing this week?
I've been playing Hydra Thunder Hurricane, which is awesome.
Why is it awesome? Because I downloaded it and I was like, this just isn't the same.
Because I love jet boat racing. I don't understand why, but it's awesome.
I can, like, jump my boat, break things, win races, go online, get my ass kicked. It's amazing.
Why is it that everybody online is better than me? Like, I can't figure this out.
Like, it doesn't matter what game I play.
And is it just me, guys? Whenever I go online and play a game online, I am always in last place.
Unless it's not.
See, she didn't have a mic. Room spontaneously combusts into laughter in a while.
That's the way Mystique works.
Yeah, she's Mystique. Stop it. We're doing a radio show.
She doesn't care.
Dan and Jamie's friend, Mystique, she's funny and she ran in here and just whispered,
you know, I said, why do I always come in last? She just came in here and whispered,
it's because you're gay. And that's why everybody started laughing.
Because she came in here and gave the thumbs up. So anyway, we got to get her mic.
We got to get a wireless mic for Mystique so that way when she runs in and out, we'll still get her.
Anyway, where was I? See, now I got lost.
Thanks Mystique for derailing the whole goddamn show.
We're talking about my gaming week.
Oh, yes.
We decided to lament the fact that you suck at games online.
Yes, I suck at video games online. Why is it Halo? Last place.
I would think partially because the only game I'll typically play online is Rock Band 2.
I do okay with the music games. DDR, like UltraMix back in the day.
I would kick your ass at UltraMix. I will.
But there were some very scary people that could even beat me.
But that's one of the few.
But like, okay, Blur. Have you played Blur? The online racing game?
Have you played it online at all against other people?
No.
Usually I do really shitty, but one time, one time I actually won a race.
I won a race against like 10 other people and I was so excited.
I'll admit, I felt a little tingle down there.
I was so excited.
Wow.
And that's like the only time that's ever happened.
Alright.
And that new downloadable Castlevania.
How is the new downloadable Castlevania?
Well, I only played the trial, so it's interesting.
It seems like it'd probably be really cool with a crew of people, but by yourself, not very fun.
I've heard it's an awesome multiplayer game, but I have yet to experience the multiplayer.
Did you download it?
I checked out the demo for a little bit and I played it at E3 a few months ago.
And when I was at E3, I was like, this game's kind of weird, but it's kind of interesting and fun.
And when I downloaded it, I was like, yeah, this is still kind of weird.
The thing I don't like about the game, and I don't like games that do this,
is that the game really just throws you in with no description whatsoever.
And look, guys, I realize most Atari 2600 games and NES games back in the day did the same thing.
Like Mario doesn't tell you what to do.
But games were less complicated back then.
It takes a second.
And there's so many buttons and stuff.
Usually I need a little bit of a tutorial, but all I see in Castlevania is boss.
And I'm like, okay, I'll go do that.
But then every time I think I know the way to the boss, there's a fucking wall there or something.
I'm like, why didn't I see that when I was looking at the whole map?
It seems to be my new four people who are going to download it, it'd be worth my money.
But is it 15?
It is 15. That's where it's at now.
If it was 10 bucks, it'd be almost an automatic anyway.
The $15 thing, except for a game like Hurricane, which is obviously an undertaking,
it seems to me like that's a little excessive for Castlevania.
All right, I'm going to go to the chat room, because chat rooms are filling up with comments here.
chat.orangelandsradio.com
We love our chatters, and every week they join us here.
Let's see, TigerClaw is going to start us off tonight saying, in response to the
Why Do I Always Lose Online,
Sky, it's simple, they've been playing the game a whole lot.
If you're someone who plays casual, you'll get your ass kicked online.
Yeah, pretty much.
He also goes on to say, I haven't played Starcraft 2 online yet,
knowing I'll just get my ass whooped.
I want to play it online, but only doing co-op games.
That's kind of how I feel about a lot of that stuff, too.
But yet, I play World of Warcraft, and I actually really enjoy PVP and World of Warcraft.
But that's, World of Warcraft's not like other games.
It's really not. Games like that, their MMOs are in a little bubble of their own.
They're not like other stuff.
Leo Shannon in our chat says, Rob, try BlazBlue, whatever you want to say, CS.
They have a beginner mode that works with online mode.
You can button mash your way to victory.
Sounds good to me. There you go.
And Amaze Satsuma chimes in and says,
New Castlevania does have a good multiplayer game.
There you go.
Hello? Hi.
And now your mic is ruined again.
How about this?
I was explaining to Dan why we can't have more than three people in the chat room.
Because the moment number four pops in, boot.
Is Misty on 3G, though? Are you on 3G?
No, I'm on Wi-Fi.
Can you switch to 3G or will your app stop working?
It's all Wi-Fi for mine. Remember, I have no fancy iPhone.
Oh, that's right. You have an iPhone.
It looks like an iPhone.
That's right. I'll live.
Dan, you can look over here.
It's always there.
Anyway, chat.orangeonshade.com if you want to chat with the host.
Except for Dan, because he can't get in.
Screw you people.
You have a mic. Why do you need IRC?
So I can see what people are saying.
He wants to know when people are talking shit about him.
If people are talking shit, I'll let you know.
Holy crap.
You okay there?
Oh, I was running Hijack This to see if I could find it,
but there's way too many things that are running.
Jamie's computer is super broken.
Jamie has downloaded like seven anti-spyware programs
since the time I sat down in this chair.
I just downloaded Hijack This and Attawear, but haven't rebooted.
She doesn't just want to remove the spyware from her computer.
She wants to obliterate it.
She wants to wipe it off the base of the planet.
You will die.
I've already deleted a whole bunch of its DLLs
and stopped the process from running.
Because Jamie steals so much crap off the internet.
Jamie's going to show up at the front door of the company
that made this with her iron fists.
Somebody's going to get face pummeled.
I want her not to go to the porn websites.
But no!
For the record, I was going to a site that explained
the history of gay people in the Old Testament.
Porn!
Okay.
I don't know why you're giving her shit about it, Dan.
You made her download it.
I wanted to read the article and instead it did this shit to me.
I was trying to be conscientious!
I get my porn from other websites.
I get my porn from kicking you.
Alright, anything else that you played this week, Dan?
I played a bunch of Genesis games
because my wife was like, play Genesis games!
Yeah, I heard there was Sega Night last night.
Yeah, I don't know.
All I know is Jamie wanted me to get beat
because she picked every one of the hardest Genesis games
and was like, play this, play this.
Finally she goes back for another batch of games
and I'm like, if she comes back with Gunstar Heroes
I'm going to shoot her.
And she came back with Gunstar Heroes.
What was the other game that I brought?
I don't remember what the other one was.
Oh, no, it wasn't Midnight Resistance.
It was something else difficult.
But the games that I brought out were...
Well, it was Robo-Lest and Silpheed.
Every freaking game, yeah.
Silpheed, Robo-Lest, Shattered Answer,
Strider, which is normally a game that I would just
dominate without even thinking about it.
And tonight, or last night, every cheap death
I was like, son of a bitch!
Oh, terrible stuff.
Didn't you beat Strider with your eyes closed once
or something crazy? What was it?
I've beaten Strider every which way.
Seriously.
And last night, like I said, I continued three times,
didn't finish the game.
I was just like, all right.
That's plenty of that.
For the record, it was two stages.
Genesis does what I don't.
For the record, it was two stages that I beat
with my eyes closed.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
When I was a kid, I could beat 8-1
on Super Mario Brothers with my eyes closed
because I had the level timed.
I could get through 8-1 without stopping,
but I couldn't do it with my eyes closed.
But I could do it continuously running through the whole thing.
I couldn't do that anymore.
I can still get through it running.
I couldn't do it blindfolded anymore
because I don't remember the timing.
All right.
I want to know what crazy accomplishments
our chatters have accomplished in video games.
Like, just weird shit.
Like, you beat a game. Okay, great.
Yeah, we all beat games.
I want to know, like, you beat a game
while hanging upside down,
getting water shot at your face or something.
I want to know what crazy video game accomplishments
you guys have done.
That would be fun to know about.
It was kind of nonexistent.
I think I pretty much hit on everything I played this week.
I had a really busy week,
so I didn't get a lot done,
and I really didn't get a lot done with the podcast,
so I apologize to that. I'll talk about that in a minute.
But I didn't play a lot outside of Warcraft.
I'll give you guys a Warcraft update
for those that care, all two of you.
Shut up.
Our guild is now in Icecrown Citadel
because remember, our guild is about six months
behind all the other guilds
because we didn't start raiding
about six weeks ago, probably, at this point.
We're now in Icecrown Citadel.
You were raiding, but it wasn't lairs.
We're in Icecrown Citadel now,
and we took out the fourth boss, Sauerfang.
And that's how far we are right now.
Sauerfang.
Oh, I was like, if it's Sauerfang?
That guy had to be like...
It's with you, it's not an O.
But I was saying, if it was Sauer,
then I'd be like, okay, what's gonna be my
fear-instilling nickname?
Well, he got Bloodfang,
Evilfang, and this one's Darkfang.
I guess I'll go with Sauer.
Sauerfang.
It's not like Sauerfang, it's Sauerfang.
Sauerfang. That sounds like a dog.
Sauerfang.
So yeah, that was the ICC accomplishment.
I am on number four, by the way.
Number four.
Removal program number four.
The AVG is good.
It's all the stuff that I should have put on here to begin with.
So you know what the problem with this whole thing is?
I'm gonna have to fix your computer.
I fixed your computer
when you had that stupid thing that kept popping up.
You remember that one registry thing that would keep
replicating itself every time you deleted the
registry file unless you removed yourself
from the internet? No, because I really try not to
get that shit on my computer.
Everybody got it. And I removed it off Dan's.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I just had a video card explode on me once.
That was really... I don't get a lot of spot...
Well, my WoW account got hacked
about... when was it? It was when I was in Disneyland
October, so it was about
almost a year ago now.
Shut up.
My WoW account got hacked.
And I was like, how the hell
did that happen? Did somebody get my password?
What kind of keylogger got on my computer?
Who else has my password? And then I figured
it out. You know how I am pretty convinced
somebody got my Warcraft password?
Because I used to play on my ex's computer.
And he was dumb enough to get all that spyware stuff.
So that's how they got my password
because I made the mistake of playing on someone
else's computer and it doesn't know better.
So, word of warning, everybody.
I do think that I've already uninstalled
World of Warcraft from my computer.
Even though I probably won't ever play it again,
I don't want them to get my account.
Because they would have stole your World of Warcraft account.
They would have stole all the gold
Rob gave me.
Oh, while I'm ex-bashing here on the show,
can I tell you something else I realized?
Which one?
It actually has to do with gaming.
You know which one. The one...
Oh!
There.
Because I don't want to
do slanderous or anything.
Here's the thing. I actually realized this today
while I was driving down and listening to another podcast.
You know how I've been really afraid to play
Starcraft 2 because I think it's too hard.
And I'm not really good at RTS games.
I'm really worried that the game is not...
I'm not going to be able to do well at the game.
Well, I realized that my ex
was a big Starcraft fan.
His online name was actually based out of the
Starcraft universe and everything. And it really hit me.
If that dumb fuck can play
Starcraft, I can play Starcraft!
So I'm going to go out and buy Starcraft 2 tomorrow.
I'm Jim Brainer 1262,
hardcore Starcraft fan.
Well,
you were still supposed to bring me something, Rob.
Oh,
I haven't been home.
I haven't been home.
If you put it on the easiest setting, by the way,
Starcraft 2 is like, hyper easy.
Is it really?
Like, die!
BlackWolf, our good pal who does the show before us
here at All Games Radio, which by the way, I don't remember
if I said this, but we do tape live every week at
www.allgames.com right after
Bobby BlackWolf's show.
Bobby BlackWolf says casual mode
is reasonable, Rob.
There you go. I guess that's cool.
Oh yeah, in my gaming week. I got Starcraft 2 last week.
How was it? You like it?
Can I play it? Am I smart enough to play it?
Yeah, that's what I said. It's not very hard.
If you play it on casual.
There's too many screenshots and stuff.
I'm like, there's too many units on the screen.
I can't handle this. It's too much.
I'm just, I'm weird, you guys.
Are you seeing this?
I don't play a lot of RTS.
This thing is amazing. Yeah, Jamie got that out when you were gone last week.
I was thumbing through it and I turned everything upside down and put it back.
Sweet.
Let's see.
I was asking for gaming accomplishments
and I didn't see a lot, but I do see
SalaciousPop in our chat room
says, I got up to stage
5 and Battletoads on one set of lives once.
Once. That's an accomplishment.
That is an accomplishment. Also, oh wow.
Also, I
beat the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
NES game twice
with all four turtles alive.
That's pretty hardcore.
Yeah, that's pretty
tricky. That's a tough game.
The technodrome was actually a really
difficult boss.
Alright. Tigerclaw in chat
says, yeah, I play in casual mode, but the game is still
kicking my ass though. It's all about trial and error.
If you fuck up, just restart. See, Tigerclaw
and I need to play co-op because it's
like the blind leading the blind. That would be awesome.
Rage quit the team.
Rage quit the team. Yes. Rage quit together.
Alright.
I have my first rage quit, Rob.
Rage quit?
In Star Trek Online? Really?
Because my shit got blew up.
And I was like, fuck this. Exit.
I rage quit playing Genesis games last night.
Alright.
Ask Misty. Misty, I don't want to neglect you
and your gaming week. How was your gaming week?
Between work
and because of my
tendency to do a shift on two hours
of sleep and then crash after I get home.
Basically non-existent. Had some
obligatory Rock Band 2 time.
But
for some reason I... Don't forget to
talk in that mic, hon, or we can't hear you.
But basically non-existent.
Rock Band 2.
Bought some stupid Rainbow Unicorn
game. I blame Rob.
Rainbow Unicorn game is awesome.
Robot Unicorn Attack on iPhone.
What about the one where you get
ass, is it?
Pink anus. That's on Steam.
I have that game. I know you do.
Really? Yes.
There's a unicorn game and there's a...
How many times have I told the story on this show already?
There's a mineral or something that you use
to like, I don't know, perfect your unicorns.
Polish their horns, we'll say.
That is...
Anus. A-E-N-U-S.
So you collect pink anus
to polish their horns, basically.
I knew that, I just wanted to hear you say it.
Okay.
Alright, anyway.
Alright,
anything else for your gaming week, Misty?
Not really.
And by the way, you took a flight
out here for the first time, right? When was your first time
flying? Yes it was. How was it?
Was it that bad?
Surprisingly,
the only time I was really that nervous was during
takeoff. Alright. And then once you got
in the air, you just took a Valium and everything was okay?
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
No, I had drugs in case
I needed them, though.
Just in case. Some standby.
But no, it wasn't too bad.
Hell, by about the time
we got over the Grand Canyon, I was
even kind of getting to the point where I could look
out the window for more than half a second before
having to look away. Oh, but looking out the
window is great. Actually, I like going over lakes
and taking pictures of them.
I like flying JetBlue or
Frontier or any airline that has the
television in the seat in front of me because
then I just, and I
literally did this once. I was on a flight to
New York, which is about five and a half hours from
SAC, or SF, and I watched
SpongeBob SquarePants the entire way.
It was the best flight I ever took. I didn't have to think
about the takeoff. I mean, yeah, it's
noisy, but otherwise it was like,
you know, SpongeBob SquarePants. Anyway.
Oh, but you bet I whipped out my
iPod as soon as they announced that we had
reached cruising altitude. And even
then I didn't buy the book I bought through the
Kindle app. Isn't that
funny? You'll bring all this shit and you're like, yeah, I'm gonna
watch a movie on the plane. I'm gonna play this game.
And then, like, you just fall asleep.
At least that's what I do. Well,
there's more attention span for me, but that
is part of the reason I made it a point not
to pack any physical books, just my
iPod and a notebook
for writing out my ghetto blog
mainly. I really like having my netbook
because it's, um, since I have, like, an
eight-hour battery on it,
I can just watch movies
and Doctor Who and stuff
the entire time. I'll tell you
what I still do on planes, and this
is old school. This is what, back in my
day, before we had a Game Boy,
this is what we did, okay?
And still, to this day, I
like to do this, is that, you know those
variety games books? They're like the
Penny Press variety crossword
puzzles and games? Like, they have the crosswords
and the anagram puzzles
and, you know, the logic puzzles and
all those. Surely someone in chat knows
what I'm talking about. I will buy, like, one
of those books at the, um,
you know, they always have, like, a newsstand, and that will
actually entertain me for a good couple hours on the flight
because those logic problems are hard, you guys.
The heck with the chatroom. I actually have
one somewhere in my room that my mom gave me before
ASEN that I was gonna do
on the train up to Chicago,
and I either lost
it or I just didn't do it. All I know
is it's sitting in my room undone still.
Let's be honest.
You wanna have fun on a plane, train, bus, whatever?
Mad Libs.
Mad Libs are great.
Mad Libs rule. Especially if you're like
loud Mad Libs. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If, like, you guys are all sitting a bunch of seats apart
and it's all your co-workers
or your friends, and everyone
on the plane is really, really annoyed
with you guys already, start doing
some Mad Libs. Oh my God.
It's the most fun you could possibly have.
But, Dan, keep in mind that
when I do travel, it's
usually alone, and I'm
unless I'm like with
you, Rob and Jamie, I'm not particularly
social on my
method of travel. Do Mad Libs with the people
next to you. Or do Mad Libs by yourself.
Just be like
You can do Mad Libs by yourself.
Just turn to the person next to you,
scary hobo, psycho killer,
housewife, whatever, and be like, hey,
you wanna throw down some Mad Libs?
If they say no, sit next to someone else.
Excuse me, ma'am. Excuse me, excuse me, ma'am.
Ma'am. Ma'am. Ma'am.
Ma'am. I need
an adjective.
Can I get an adverb?
Can I get a proper noun?
Hit the call button on the flight.
How can I help you today?
Excuse me, attendant? Yes, I need a noun.
I need
an adjective that ends in
Lee. And the good point is
and the good thing is you probably will see
any of those fuckers ever again.
I
need a transitive verb.
Or you can just use whatever words that they give you.
You don't have to worry about whether they give you
the right word or not. Hey, hey,
give me a word. F off. There you go. Perfect.
Those are gonna be some awesome
Mad Libs.
I
don't know what that has to do with games, but who cares.
Alright, housekeeping tonight.
Mad Libs is kind of a game.
Mad Libs are the best of
Do they have like a mad
They should have Mad Libs on Xbox Live.
I was just thinking Xbox Live Arcade
Mad Libs. Now that
1 versus 100 is gone,
it should be replaced by
Xbox Live Mad Libs.
And the funnier you can make them, the more points you get.
Hosted by Dan. Yeah.
I would be better than the guy who did 1 versus 100.
That's the most fun you can have with your clothes on.
Send in your adverb right now.
Do it. Do it.
Do it. You remember one time
back early in the show, I tried to do a
Mad Lib. Mad Libs for us.
I think I do remember.
SSJ 100 Matt has a good point.
He says, I totally want to sit between
Dan and Rob on a plane.
I don't blame you, Matt.
That would be awkward.
We should do 1 versus, or not 1 versus.
We should do Orange Land Radio Mad Libs.
You know, I was thinking the
same thing, but it was brought to my attention
that Understation Live has a segment called
USL Mad Libs. And if we star
our Mad Libs, I'm going to get a nasty
voicemail from Travis. Okay. Sorry, Travis.
We're doing them. Yeah.
One of these weeks. Ah, screw that.
Maybe even tonight
if I can find a book, we are doing Mad Libs.
Alright, alright, fine.
Go find a Mad Lib book, and we will
do Mad Libs in Part B. Don't even think
we don't have one. I know you got one somewhere.
Jamie, you must find our Mad Libs
book. Alright. You know, I found them the other day.
So hurry up and go to Kmart and get a new one or something.
We could do Chat Room Mad Libs.
Let them suggest. Right, exactly.
It's the show where every gamer
gives a noun. Everybody
gets their word
in Mad Libs.
Alright.
I think our chat room is really enjoying
having you on the show already. Without
Dan, there would not be Mad Libs. It's what we do.
Right. Housekeeping.
Tonight, first
my opponent. I deleted it!
Wait, that fucker.
I found that shit
and I owned it.
Awesome. Thank you, folks.
Good night.
Hey, where's my OS?
MT Recycle Bin. Hell to the yes.
Everyone, go on your computer and look for
MS008E
underscore 247 dot exe and delete
that shit for me, please. Her computer is gonna be like
I can't do that, Jamie.
Housekeeping, I wanted to apologize
that the last podcast is still not up on the
feed. It'll go up tonight. If I don't
do it Sunday or Monday, then I don't get around
to doing it at all. But you'll get two shows
on the feed this week. And here's the other
thing, guys, and I know it's gonna be really
sad, but we have to say it. There's
not going to be a show next week.
I'm sorry, but no-
Because of Rob. Well, I'd like
to think Loki's also partially to blame.
But I'm gonna be out of town
next weekend, so I will not be here.
Obviously, Matt is still on baby
leave. And Jamie, well,
she'll probably infect her computer or something else.
So she'll need to- I could just do it
myself. Just three hours
of Dan. Dan radio.
We hate him so
much. There's a button that you push.
All you do is wait for Bobby to say
push the button, and then
you push the button and you're live.
Radio is so fucking
easy. Especially shoutcast.
Hell, I even did the shoutcast
station for a little bit, took part in one.
It would be cool if I could pump up the volume again.
I won't be here. That would win.
Maybe we'll try to pre-tape
this week or something. Maybe.
I don't want to promise that. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob.
What? What is one of my
major pet peeves using unnecessary
prefixes?
I have no idea what she's talking
about. You don't pre-tape,
you just tape. Don't you listen to George
Carlin?
Shut up.
Hey, I like having Dan on
the show.
No,
the moment that he says that, I start thinking of ways to
kill him, so. Alright.
And I start praying for death.
I think I'm done apologizing.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLivesRadio
join our Facebook. He hit me in the booby.
Hey, just so you know, it wasn't like
violence. I threw a gachamon at her.
I'll take a picture of it.
Sweet.
Do we even want to do gaming news tonight,
or should I just let the two of them go at it for three hours?
Welcome to our delightful marriage.
Doesn't Madden come out next week?
Doesn't Madden come out next week? I don't know.
Fuck Madden.
Yes, I will agree with that totally.
Here's the tragedy, okay?
If you talked to me a couple months ago,
and I still had a job, I would know
when Madden's coming out, because it would be like
my whole life. I'd be like,
oh man, I gotta get ready for Madden launch.
Oh man, how many Madden pre-orders do I have?
Now that it's not my whole life, I'm just
like, hey, isn't
that football game coming out?
Jesus, who cares?
Yeah, World Cup 94.
No, not football.
Football!
I thought
I saw some email about Madden
Midnight Madness. Oh look,
this page I'm on, look, the whole time
there's been this giant ad sitting there on the page
I'm on. Midnight launch at
Walmart, August 10th, so yes,
Madden's out tomorrow.
I'm awesome at this.
My favorite part is that the whole time
we were saying, I don't know, I don't know, it's sitting right
there on the screen.
But it's Madden, it won't matter, so it does not
matter. My screen has the Sega Genesis on it.
I can't do it.
Alright.
I regret nothing.
I would like, I wish
I wish I had more time to be an idiot.
It makes it so I know I don't want to fuck
Madden, I want Madden to go off and get
fucked.
Preferably in a big
flamey death. Here's the thing, I would love
to go out to the midnight launches
and do something for the
Madden launch.
That can happen before the fire happens.
No, because look, I have friends that play
Madden. You know what?
I was going to say, you've got to watch out for it, because
honestly enough, I've done many
many midnight launches. I've done halos,
I've done Grand Theft Autos, which are
by far the scariest.
Especially San Andreas, because our games
would have laid like five hours.
But Madden's are the one
midnight launch where dudes throw down and get into fights.
Wow.
Because you've got these people in line, and you know that they're the
obsessives because they get in line at like noon.
It's like, dude, we've got 700
copies. We're not running out.
The guy's like, oh, I've got to get my Madden.
Gotta get that Madden. Got that Madden!
So people are waiting for Madden.
Fuck your Madden prick.
Then they start having this argument about like,
oh man, the Raiders, this team, oh no,
this team, that team, and they're like about to throw
down. And I'm like, guys, guys, look, football.
And then they like run out in the parking lot
and start throwing around the football. It worked really
well. Because I thought they were going to
kill each other.
Here's the thing, though. If I make fun of
people that stand in line for Madden,
then I play World of Warcraft
and Dance Dance Revolution
for heaven's sakes. Like, you know,
it's, you can't like be
a Trekkie and then look at the guy obsessed with Star Wars
and call him a nerd, you know what I mean?
Sure you can.
It's called having a double standard.
It happens all the time!
It happens all the time!
I feel like as a responsible
gaming journalist,
That was funny.
I feel like
as the, I shouldn't,
you know, I'm not saying
make fun of people.
You know, it's just that you're supposed to make fun
of people different from you. Which is, in your case,
everybody. So,
you know, you just gotta get
on it. I remember we were waiting for the Dreamcast,
right? Were you there for, no you weren't there for, that was
kind of before... That was before I knew you kids.
That was for the whole Rob time. That's right.
We were waiting in line for Dreamcast,
and people were driving by and they were
making fun of us and we were just making fun of them back.
But it was Dreamcast, not fucking Madden.
What are you waiting for? We're like,
Pokemon cards!
What are you guys waiting for?
Beanie Babies!
And then this reporter showed up and started covering us
for the news, and we heckled her so
mercilessly that she ran off crying.
Midnight launch lines rule.
You've gotta do it.
We did the Wii thing, remember?
We did the donuts and coffee for the Wii.
I don't remember that.
Yeah, you didn't go, you were asleep.
I was sleeping because I had to go to a store the next day
and sell the four Wiis that I had.
Still, Beanie Babies and Pokey News.
Kristen and I were waiting in line and we bribed them for our spot
at the front of the line.
Yeah, because you got to cut to the front because there was
a listener of Orange Lawn's radio.
Like the one listener in Sacramento
happened to be at the front of the line.
Whatever works.
That's a great story too because Jamie says,
Oh yeah, me and Kristen are gonna go wait in line for the Wii
if I can get one, can I buy one?
And I'm like, yeah, yeah, you go on and do that.
Be sure to pick me up a copy of Zelda.
So I wake up the next day to go sell Wiis
and I look on my couch, there's a Wii sitting with a copy of Zelda.
I was like, son of a bitch.
How did she do that?
It's called contacts.
I guess.
I wonder if that guy still listens.
But as soon as Krispy Kreme opened,
Kris went out and got donuts.
Krispy Kreme is 24 hours, darlin'.
Not that one. It wasn't 24 hours.
If he does listen, thank you.
My wife spent $250 on a game console
that I've played like three times.
We've played it more than that.
Are you gonna play the new Metroid when it comes out?
Probably.
Can you play the new Sonic when it comes out?
I play everything a little bit. I won't play it on the Wii.
Sonic!
Can we actually get into some gaming news now?
Let me see, how far into the show are we tonight?
No, what if I refuse?
Hey! Whoever is in the chat room is
OLR recruit, you got five minutes to change your
nickname or I kick you.
Damn.
I know, you're on a power trip tonight.
What is up with this?
The program, Rob.
I've been fringing on her territory so
she has to be Alpha Jamie.
My E-peen
is so huge right now.
Nice.
So, gaming news.
I've got a ruler.
Once in a while, shove it up your ass.
Oh!
See, Rob? That's not appropriate.
Now now, Rob.
Bad. Bad Rob.
Now, aw,
you made the OLR recruit cry
because he or she does not know how to
change their name and they're very sad.
What the hell was that?
Alright.
You are walking home.
Alright.
Can I, can I... I somehow doubt it.
Can I, hello, can I, can I
do the gaming news now? Hello?
Hi, hello? Hi. Gaming news, the hell is that?
Rob. Hello? It's news
about gaming.
We need a theme song for gaming news.
Every other show on All Games has some theme song
when they go into gaming news. We do not have a theme song.
The Benny Hill theme. I've got one for you, Rob.
Yakety Sax.
For this episode, I just might have to...
Here's Rob's theme song.
What?
No, I was supposed to be the one
to bust out that app randomly.
Stop it right now.
What in the flippity fuck was that?
My Mozilla app.
You are deleting that.
If you're listening,
I need you to be back here.
Like, I know you have a baby.
Please come back
as soon as possible. I'm trying to help you get in the news.
I know you are. It's not my fault.
Everything is your fault, Dan.
Now we replace Jamie.
Sweet.
Alright.
Then you can sit in her desk.
Dan, keep in mind,
I know where you sleep.
And there's a Dave & Buster letter
opener right here with kind of sharp edges.
Kind of.
Gaming news? No, gaming news.
Xbox Live Indie
Games.
Might not be getting Kinect.
Alright, here's the deal.
A lot of folks might be thinking,
hey, Kinect is coming out soon.
Xbox Live has this whole
indie games thing. Why can't we have Kinect
games on Xbox Live? Well, because they don't
want to let you do it.
Look, this is because of an interview based with
Digital Spy.
A Microsoft spokesperson actually said that, quote,
only developers with established
contacts and
contracts with Microsoft
are going to be able to make the Kinect games.
Only those that Microsoft actually
partnered with for the launch are able
to make the Kinect games.
They haven't said that you will never
be able to make a Kinect game if you
are a developer for XNA. It's going
to be considered for the future,
but nothing is actually being considered at this
time. So sorry there will be no
Baby Maker
2000 or whatever that game is called
Kinect enabled at launch.
It does seem to me to be the dumbest thing
they could possibly do. Why is that?
Well, if you
think about it, all the video game
companies are going to be trying to do the same thing
the same way.
They're going to try to make the Kinect work.
It's going to be some maniac out there
with some indie game idea who's
going to come up with the idea that makes
the Kinect the must-have
object that people
will pay $150 for.
Because the thing is already $60
overpriced.
They're killing it. They're just
killing it.
It's killing its chances of becoming
the next big thing. Dan, I got to admit
Dance Central is pretty awesome.
You know you want to play Dance Central.
Dan, are you going to dance to Poker Face?
Probably not.
I'm not saying the Kinect is not a great idea.
I believe
in the Kinect. I believe in the
demonstrations I've seen. I think the
technology is amazing. I'm glad
to see that somebody is getting on it.
And that it's not Sony's
pathetic, we-controller
rip-off. But at the same
time, I just think from a
retailer's perspective, they're
charging too much for it.
And I just don't see it
doing anything different
yet. I mean, if something comes out
with the interactivity of
the Milo program
and
a great game is built
around it, and you can
stand around and
play that game,
it'll sell some Kinects, sure.
But you need something like
the Wii Bowling thing that got
everyone to believe in the Wii.
The thing on the Wii was, oh wow, that's kind of cool.
Wii Bowling's amazing! It's like bowling
in real life! And the Kinect doesn't
have that program.
Because you're not going to mainstream
people with Dance Central.
Even though it's by Harmonix and it's a great game
for Rob.
For me.
Well, because to you,
that's the kind of thing that you're into.
That's the kind of thing that you love. For me,
I was never really into the music rhythm games
except for Guitar Hero
and Guitar Freaks and whatnot.
Well, of course you're going to want it to.
That way you have to spend the money on it.
Maybe there will be a Red Dead Redemption Part 2
where you can actually choke a bitch.
Sure! Exactly!
Where I can lasso
everyone in town by waving my arm
and, wait, that didn't look so good.
That looks like I'm playing Dance Party there.
Or Dance Central.
But yeah, they just need to come up with
the right program, and I think that telling the indie
developers, yeah, you guys are out
on this is a big mistake.
If Choke-a-Bitch mode happened
in the next Red Dead Redemption,
I might even have to invest in that.
Screw Choke-a-Bitch mode. Someone just needs
to release a game called Choke-a-Bitch.
Even better.
Could you do that lasso motion one more time in Studio
Dam for us? Let's do the
lasso motion one more time.
Oh, darn it.
I screwed on the thing I was trying to do.
I was going to get Dan some music to do his
lassoing, too.
That's a poker face.
Come on, Dan.
Is it on YouTube?
Swing that hand, Dan.
That's classy.
Everything is on YouTube.
You know what? I like the piano version of that song.
I like the Cartman version.
I don't even know how I got into
Just Dance. There's a Cartman version? Why am I not
surprised? Other comments from our chatroom
at chat.orangelaunchradio.com
Let's see. Sj100matt
says that our good buddy and indie developer
YYR is pissed about this.
He was going to make Killer
Wheelchair Golden Girls game using
Kinect. See, that's what
Microsoft's afraid of.
Is that if they let the indie developers make
it, somebody's going to make the Golden Girls
game featuring Kinect, and then
that's going to be the must-have game.
Not dancing.
They still have ultimate control over what
release is.
Right?
Yes, but
if it's objectionable,
reject it.
XNA is a little different, because it's all
community-based, and
Microsoft, per se, I mean, yes,
they have ultimate control over it, but
they don't really babysit it. It's all
community-driven. It's like, what's the difference
being controlled by your controller and controlled
by Kinect? I think
it's probably a technical
problem. You know, I think that
the Kinect is not working out as well as I thought it
was already, and so now they're like,
oh, no, we just won't let the indie guys on it,
and, you know, we can
give the developers specific instructions
how to make the thing work.
They don't want to show all their cards,
basically. Maybe.
Anyhow, let's move on with more gaming news.
Dark Sakura, surely you have something you want to share with us tonight.
Well, it's about the move.
The move.
Hahahaha, Sony.
Well, they
are not going to have just a kiosk
for showing that they've actually
given me reps, Sony is,
to teach people how to use the move
in person. Ooh.
Is it that complex? Is it that
big of a deal? Yeah, and the
reps are all training on Nintendo Wiis.
But they are going
to be
giving seven hours of
move training to
people who already have a base knowledge
of Sony consoles.
And the competition.
Ooh.
Speaking of, um, stupid,
they're actually coming out.
What?
I don't...
And speaking of, um, stupid,
that was funny, so don't stop.
Okay, anyway, speaking of stupid, um,
there's actually accessories that are going to be
out with the move, like gloves.
Yes, they are
gloves.
And you can secure the move
thing to the glove
so that you don't drop it.
What else can you
secure to the glove? Probably a
cog.
Okay. It is kind of, well,
the move is kind of wide
like a good dildo, so maybe you could put a vibrator
in there.
Kay.
That's my wife, ladies and gentlemen!
No.
I'm just saying, I'm using my
imagination. You said what else could go in there that would be
useful. Joe Digitech in our chatroom is calling
him Love Gloves.
Cucumbers, Rob!
What if you're really, really
hungry, okay, get this, what if you're
really, really hungry and you're playing your move
and you don't really want to
have to let go of your cucumber to
play? Will it be cross
compatible with Nintendo Wii accessories?
Is it a bumpy cucumber? I bet you can use it
with a Wiimote!
Classic!
But yeah, stupid.
You guys could use them on your microphones.
That's true, we can use them on our microphones
but we don't drop them because we're too...
I guess maybe we don't have the
fine motor control or brain power
to understand. Open hand,
insert object, close hand.
Hold tightly!
Maybe? I think if you're going to release an accessory
that's so complex that you need to
train people to train people
for you to pay people to train
people how to use it. For seven hours
of training? Okay, but to be fair, to be fair,
fair Dan, let's be fair.
We're fair. A couple weeks ago on the show
we talked about Kinect doing demos
at Macy's.
So they are also sending
people out to teach them how to use Kinect
which really involves just
flailing. There isn't even
a controller to use. No gloves,
no cucumbers,
just you.
And your cucumber.
They didn't train anyone how to use iToy.
Well, we
saw how that went. Exactly. All they needed
to do was get the window washing game out there at
Macy's and it was sold like crazy.
That little game where you were like the ninja and you were like
standing on the screen and hitting all the little ninjas.
That was pretty fun.
So now, I guess it is, now people decide to
abuse Kinect. They can say
well we have people out there teaching them how to use it
right. It's not our
fault. We showed them how to do it. Well
companies do believe that all their users
are devastatingly stupid.
When my bank got new ATMs, they had a
couple days where people would stand outside and
teach you how to use the ATM. Nice.
They were called the ATM
ambassadors.
Did you have to use them? Because I'd be like
if they were like, do you need
help using the ATM? I'd be like, get the fuck out of here.
I don't want you seeing my pin. Unfortunately,
I wasn't using the ATM. I was taking my deposit
to the bank when I was working at the store.
Did you know that the new ATMs will actually
take your deposits? We would make fun of the ATM
ambassador every morning.
I don't think he liked me very much.
Yeah, but it was a job.
Pointing at him and laughing.
It was a job.
Our chat room is suggesting that as far as these gloves go,
you can get a glittery one for the new Michael
Jackson game.
Dot, dot, dot.
They're padded.
Is it just so that you don't
accidentally punch yourself in the face for something to do?
I'm gonna put
the picture of this in the chat room.
The new move helmet.
Don't
forget about the crayons that come as a pack
and snack.
Because
if you're playing games with the woo, the move,
you obviously need a helmet. The woo?
The woo. The woo?
I would like to see a console
named the woo. We have the wee and the woo.
There should be a console named the woos.
The woos? Like the maze.
Do you remember? Tangent time.
Actually, this is a reflow. We need the
little dream sequence.
Well, you got control. Make it happen.
I don't have every sound
ever known a man. You're killing me with this.
Look, look, look.
Back in the day, Nintendo Power
like sixth or seventh
issue, they actually profiled
a real life video game
that existed in Vacaville, California.
It was called the woos. Yeah.
And it was the maze. And that's what Dan's
referring to. That was a Nintendo Power, huh?
The Nintendo Power was awesome.
Twenty years ago, yes.
Oh yeah. Or whenever it started.
Back when Nintendo Power started, it was amazing.
And then GamePro came out
and we all made fun of it because it wasn't as good as Nintendo Power.
The woos Vacaville.
I was on like Team GamePro
or whatever it was called. There's a website up.
Yeah, it was like you had to write an essay
and they picked 250 people to be in their little club
and do you know what we did once we were in the club?
Nothing.
Yeah. So it's like I won
I don't even remember what I wrote my essay on
but yeah, it was a long time ago.
But sadly the woos is long gone.
They bulldozed the woos. Way gone.
I posted a link.
Is it a car dealership or an outlet mall?
Oh, that might be where they built the outlets.
I'm pretty sure that's where they built the outlets.
Oh, how sad.
So every time I go to the big
Calvin Klein outlet store
that was once...
That's what you do is you walk up and down the aisle
and the sales people are finally like, what are you doing?
I can't find my way out.
Okay, this is kind of funny.
I found a blog about it with an aerial view.
It probably was the same aerial view
that was in Nintendo Power years ago.
They would actually change the configuration.
I love how this starts. Back in the late 80s
things sucked. The music sucked.
The movie sucked. The entertainment slash things
that you do sucked. What the fuck are they smoking?
Back in the late 80s the movies rocked.
We had hella arcades then.
What a hell, author.
This person apparently is pooping on the woos.
It was born in 1991
so kiss my ass.
Alright, what's next?
Princess Bride did not suck.
Thank you.
Mystique came in and said,
hey, hey.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Because the Princess Bride was like 87, 88.
Right.
And this guy says that there were no good movies in the late 80s
and therefore Mystique has just
made a logic
she's done a logic thing.
Wow, anything can happen once.
It's inconceivable.
I do not think that word
means what you think it means.
My head hurts.
Let's talk about
NBA Elite 11.
It comes with NBA Jam.
Thank you, Dan. That's what I was going to report.
That's a scam. It's a scam
because I have no interest in NBA
Elite 11 but I want NBA Jam
with a burning, fiery passion.
And I don't want to pay 60 bucks for it.
It's a fake.
What?
So just pretend you didn't hear that and I'm going to report
this news you've never heard before.
NBA Elite 11
will have a one-time download code
that will let you access
three modes of NBA Jam, Play Now,
Classic Campaign, and online.
This would explain why we saw ESRB ratings
last week.
They are not selling these separately, at least
for now. My gut tells me
where there's money to be made.
This is how it's going to work for like two months
or three months and then it'll be out for everybody.
Well sure, it's EA and EA is all
about the money but oh man.
For people like me who are idiots
who have been dying for NBA Jam
either I got to pay 50 bucks to get it
on the Wii or I got to pay 60
bucks to get it on the 360 rather
than paying the 15 bucks which I would be totally
willing to pay to get it on the 360.
Because
I love NBA Jam. I don't like
sports games but I love
NBA Jam.
I am in
your court.
I made a basketball joke.
That was awesome.
I hate you so much.
I don't like a lot of sports
games either but I love NBA
Jam, Double Dribble,
Blades of Steel. Oh, Blades of Steel
is sweet. It's like the best game
Konami ever made. I like the fact that you can play
Gradius at halftime. I know, right?
That's what everybody loves.
So sports games
aren't always like
missable for me. Like there's some
that you have to have. And I'm kind of in the same court
as you. They have to put the fun in. If they're
fun, you will play
them. How can I not
want NBA Jam on the 360
or even the PS3 because
360 means Xbox Live means I
can Boom Shakalaka
with my friends.
Right. That sounded dirty, Rob.
You could be like, puts it up.
Sweet touch.
Aw, NBA Jam is so cool.
I miss the old machines
where if you put in the right date you can play as
Mortal Kombat characters.
And Bill Clinton. That was the first
revision of NBA Jam Tournament
Edition. Hold on, though.
The way of looking at it that you just
said, Dan, is that I can pay $50
to have it on the Wii or I
could just wait and pay $15
for it on the Xbox 360. But that's assuming
it would be $15. What if
EA knows they have a premium
game here? What if you were looking at it
as I'm paying $60 for NBA
Jam and getting some other basketball game
for free? That's pretty graphics. Right. If it
was a full release, because the thing is I'll
never play NBA Elite 11.
I just never will. Not even once? Probably not.
Okay. Because I've
played NBA Live. I've
played NBA 2K. You know, and
honestly, in
this race, my
horse is definitely 2K.
It's just better. I mean, I
understand everyone out there. Oh, NBA
EA Sports, whatever. NBA
Live has just been atrocious
since like 2005.
But NBA Jam is awesome. Hence why it's
now NBA Elite. Exactly.
They finally said, okay, we're tired of getting our asses
kicked by 2K. We're going to change the
name. We're going to change the game. And then 2K is like,
Jordan, motherfuckers!
And then Elite was like, screw!
This sucks!
We'll put NBA Jam with
it! And I'm just like, oh, touche.
Touche EA. Very well
played. A2 EA?
Yeah, whatever. Yeah, I
want NBA Jam bad.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom
says, think about it. If NBA Jam had
online, we can try to represent the OL Army
in the big battles sometime in the future.
I completely forgot to mention Big Battle
during housekeeping because I got derailed. Something about
Mad Libs, but something
that the listeners have been asking
for forever is coming to the
Big Battle. A music game.
That's right. Guitar Hero 5 is now in the Big Battle.
So check it out. TheBigBattle.net
There you go. And if OLR
doesn't win the music game competition,
I don't, like,
like, really? Really?
I will disown all of you. No, I'm kidding.
I think my solution is if somebody
is buying NBA Elite and doesn't
care about NBA Jam, I will
buy their download code from them.
You're not gonna find that person.
You're killing me with this, Rob.
Well, I'm not gonna
buy it all special and shit.
See, I'm looking at it this
way. What if instead of looking
at it as I'm buying this game
and getting ripped off with this game
I don't even want, what if, okay, NBA
Jam on the Wii cost me
$50, I could pay
$10 more to get it on the 360,
which is, you know, pretty much what
most premium usually is.
You have to look at it the other way around.
I mean, sure, I want
it to come out for $15, too, but
you know, think about how the Wii
folks would be in an uproar if it was like, well,
it's $15 there but you're gonna charge me $50?
F you.
The Wii version gets extra modes.
I guess that's true, they do have extra modes.
They get like the classic Super
Star Tour and stuff, which I could care
less about. Alright.
Alright, let's, uh,
let's move on for more news. Can I just completely
get away from sports, please? Yes, you may.
Let's take a deep
breath of air.
If we were talking about
rugby or cricket... NBA
DJ Max
portable 3
has, um,
some, uh, new features.
It's, uh, and keep in mind this is
not a game that I have really played much
if any of, but they have
a, um, 3-track remixing
system that's made just for that
particular version. Um,
and, uh,
it, I was watching the video
of it while you were going off on,
um, NBA, whatever.
And, um,
but they're saying that, um,
that it's supposed to actually
be a completely revamped system.
It looks kinda neat.
Did they put a mode in the game that will
make it fun? I'm kidding,
I'm kidding, DJ Max is fine. DJ Max is,
it's BeatMania 2DX with buttons on your PS3
and it's fine, I'm just giving it a hard time.
I just wanted, like, some of the DJ Max
fans to sit there and
make this. The music is actually sounding
kinda cool. The music's neat.
This is a great radio, we're just sitting here.
I don't know what that is, but that gave me
a headache.
Ah, creepy girl with no eyes.
Alright.
I don't know, uh, I'm glad they're putting in some new
modes and some new ideas so it doesn't just
feel like a 2DX port. It's kinda cool.
And, you know, to be fair, they have had
some other stuff, like, they do, like, like a
3-button mode, a 6-button mode, a
11 billion button mode. They do
all these different, like, modes and tricks
with it. Somebody else's PSP mode,
somebody's Wii mode.
I would like to see 2DX on the
PSP. I would like to see 2DX
on the PS3. With the Konami-style
2DX PSP controller.
Like, where is my PlayStation
3 version, like, of 2DX?
Why has that not come out yet?
I thought 2DX was over.
No, it's still going in the arcades in Japan.
Oh, I thought that they actually did a final version.
They did a final BeatMania.
They did BeatMania 1
and they did BeatMania 3 final,
but they never did a BeatMania 2 Deluxe final.
Interesting. That's still going.
They're on, like, what...
98th style, U6. I don't know, they're on, like,
18th or 19th style. They're a lot.
Nice. Because it proved popular
and has longevity.
It's a neat game. It's because that arcade machine
is amazing. The next one's gonna be
with remix mode or some shit in it.
It's so good.
Well, if you like these DJ games, maybe
DJ Hero 2 is something you're interested in.
I know I am, actually. The first DJ Hero game
was really underrated. Why are you laughing at me?
Oh, you told me I was gonna jump in and say,
but probably not.
No, DJ Hero 2 is gonna
have, of course, the multiplayer mode. And DJ Hero
1 had that too, but one thing that was missing when
you would play online is rewind.
That's right. Now you can
rewind in multiplayer mode.
You couldn't do that before, but now you're actually
gonna get to rewind. So once you get enough power
in the multiplayer mode, you're gonna be able to spin
the thing backwards and you rewind the track
and get more points. So in DJ Hero 2,
this will be in there. And what
happens is that while you rewind, your opponent
gets to do nothing while you
rack up the points.
So that'll be kinda fun.
Yeah, that's gonna get pretty ugly.
I'm just looking forward to
the rapping in it and how that'll play out online.
Actually, Dan, I would love to do
some DJ Hero where I will do the DJ and you do
the rapping. Wouldn't that be fun?
You know what we need?
I would throw down. We need Dan
playing Def Jam Rap Star.
Is this out yet?
I think it's coming out soon.
I heard about that and that sounds amazing.
Here's the thing, you guys.
I know not everybody is into rap music.
I can
give or take it, depending on who the artist is.
But the music game that they're doing
actually looks really good.
They had Def
Jam Rap Star sitting next to
Glee Karaoke Revolution.
And I will tell you what,
Def Jam Rap Star
popped a cap in Glee's ass so
fast it's not even funny because the Glee game
was terrible. It's terrible.
Well, first of all, anything that Konami
I mean, I hate to say this because I have
great love for Konami. But anything that Konami
does these days is pretty bad.
Dance Masters looks
interesting. It's the first really
really interesting music game I've seen from them in a while.
Who knows? But the budget's gone.
Konami is not into
gaming like they were. There's just not
a lot of...
Well, they closed one of their
offices that was a huge part of it.
They closed a lot of it. I mean, a lot of Konami
is just history. All the good talent is
gone.
They're basically outsourcing
their franchises to make some money, but
yeah, anything that Konami
does is
pretty cut rate these days.
Not to get off topic, but what do you think of that
Castlevania game that's coming out? The Castlevania
God of War thing?
Hopefully going to be okay?
I mean, Castlevania
in 3D is pretty miss and miss.
Not that
Lament of Innocence
and Curse of Darkness was the
other one. Those weren't the worst
3D action games to ever happen, but
they weren't the quality of what you'd
consider Castlevania. The new one
looks really good.
They say they got Kojima on it
and Kojima's kind of
Konami's only superstar that's
really left, so
if it's awesome, great.
I just don't know
I just don't have a lot of
you know, hope for
3D Castlevania. If I play it and I like it
I'm going to be pleasantly surprised. If you like
God of War, I think you'll like it. It's very pretty.
It's much sexier than
the other 3D games. Of course it's on a different
console too. It looks great. But I totally
get what you're saying because Symphony of the Night was easily
easily one of the top 10 video games
ever made. Symphony of the Night is
there's almost no equal.
I still like Run to a Blood better.
And so it's kind of like every Castlevania game since then
it just hasn't compared.
Yeah.
Well, they're all building off of that formula
and you know, they're all
all the 2D ones are, you know
they're all portables and you know
they lose points for that.
Not that they're bad, but yeah.
I really like Portrait of Ruin when I got through it.
Portrait of Ruin was a great game.
Let's see, SalaciousPop in our chatroom
says, Konami only seems to burp up new flavors
of Castlevania and Silent Hill. What was
their last really new IP?
Saw.
Hahahaha
Hahahaha
Okay. I'm actually trying to think.
SHJ100 Matt
is still waiting on a new Zone of Enders game.
Everybody who came into the store and
saw there was a Saw game, everybody was like
there's a Saw game?
Is it any good?
I don't know. No one's ever played it.
I've heard from people that can stomach
those kind of games that it's actually
not as bad as you'd think. And you know what? I did
I did play, well I watched
I watched Shane play the second
games demo at E3 and
it was interesting except for
all the gore. I just don't like
that stuff. But yet I love
Silent Hill. I can't explain it.
Silent Hill isn't
well, it's a different kind of gore. It's more of a
decay. And I feel like
Saw is more like LOL gore.
Like it's just like random. LOL gore.
Here's how I put it.
Look at the violence.
Where Saw is
fresh, squirting, pulsating blood.
Silent Hill is, it's been
dead for a while, but it's still twitching.
Or the gore serves
as much as I hate to say this, a
plot point, as weird as that is.
It's for scene, not for
shock. Check out his head, it's a pyramid.
Yes.
Dude, this guy's wearing a big metal triangle
on his head. Triangle man.
Triangle man.
How about another
piece of gaming news, Dark
Sakura? News? That's fantastic.
This made me laugh my ass off, Rob.
Nipponichi,
the company that made
Disgaea, is doing a game called Criminal Girls
for PSP. And
it's like bad 70's
chicks in prison
is what it is.
This sounds awesome.
Was it directed by Quentin Tarantino?
Is Lizzie Lohan in it?
Aw man, Machete's gonna be great.
No, but Lady Gaga is.
Sorry. Good enough.
Oh, is it gonna be like the telephone music video
for real? Cause that's awesome.
Can I create the cam story? No.
Not tonight.
Anyway, you play as
an all female prison warden
that's set in hell.
And you have to rehabilitate
seven prisoners, and each of the
prisoners are like seven deadly sins.
So you have gluttony, greed, lust,
you know.
Is it home for infinite losers?
Misty comes in and asks, is it the home for
infinite losers? You don't have a microphone.
That's what she keeps doing.
If you're gonna say something, come in and grab the microphone.
Just take Misty's when she's not looking.
So you know how you have to rehabilitate
them, Rob? How?
With spankings and massages.
I read about this. Cause here's the deal.
Nipponichi had
to cancel like three projects.
You okay?
Breathe, Dark Soccer,
breathe. You alright?
It's really not that funny. Nipponichi
had to cancel like three or four projects
and this is the one that they kept.
I'm actually
getting scared a little bit, Dark Soccer, are you
okay? Only a little bit?
Spanking
and massages.
Does it work
with the Kinect?
It's on the
PSP.
Does it work with the Kinect anyway?
Probably.
I'm sure someone will find a way.
I am...
So wait, let me
get this straight again. You are
in a prison
in hell and you
spank people to
massage them.
Or massage them, right? Is that what I heard?
I think, ladies and gentlemen...
Video game of the year 2010.
There's pictures. Let me find the picture.
It was...
Oh my gosh.
Was the secret word spank?
Did Pee Wee Herman
come out before the show?
It was in Dengeki
PlayStation magazine.
You know, maybe I
missed the break during Bobby's show tonight.
Did he come out and say, today's secret
word is spank.
Oh, so that's why I missed it.
If somebody says spank, scream real loud.
Are you okay, Dark Soccer?
I'm going to put the link to the picture
in there of
what the characters
look like with their ginormous
boobies. And again, to listen live,
we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, and
I know this makes for terrible radio, but I'm looking
at this. Of course, they have gigantic
tits.
And they're like doing that whole blushing
thing. It looks like, see how like, okay,
notice this, like the top of their tits is
red. That's either like a really bad
sunburned tan. It's boob blush.
Or they're getting spanked on their tits.
Probably. Oh, even better, it's boob blush.
I can tell you... Women actually
blush their boobies? I didn't know that.
Boobs can blush. Have you ever blushed your
boobs? Not on purpose.
This tells you how bad
off the Japanese gaming market is.
Did Dan just have red stuff on his face
and he just went...
They're not very red right now. This is a
story about how bad the Japanese gaming
market is. That's red!
They're killing their important projects and they're
keeping this. They know who their
market is. Well, right, because that's the
people in Japan who are buying the games or the
psycho pervert otakus. Um, I'm
sorry, but this game sounds
awesome. And why are you
knocking it? Because we should be getting this game
as well. We won't, but we should.
This is President Cat 2010
right here. I want this game.
I still want President Cat! Damn it, me too.
Why have you not
done this for me, husband?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
President Cat! Your husband doesn't actually
listen to this show. He just likes to come on once in a while
and bring the lols. I
know about the existence of President
Cat, but I don't really know what she's
talking about.
That's alright.
Hey, let's get into what video games
are coming out soon and around
the world. We're going to travel the world and look at release
dates, and we'll start in America.
America.
Coming out this...
You said
America, Rob, so I was just representing.
I hope the mic didn't pick that up.
You know the mic turns off, you know.
Mine doesn't. I was just representing.
Ooh, thank you. AlphaKananagram in chat brings up a good point.
The PSP is region-free, so
it's less of a pain than region-locked President
Cat. Good job.
Love it. Alright, coming out this week in America,
Madden NFL 11.
Of course, we already talked about that before. It's coming out on the
10th, and there's midnight launches going on everywhere.
And do any games
dare to compete against Madden
11? I don't think
so. There's not a lot else coming out.
Let me see what counter... There's also tons and tons
and tons of
peripherals and things coming out.
But as far as games coming out against
Madden 11, nope.
This is Madden's week. That's it for the US.
Meanwhile in England, they're like,
Madden, that's a game
for wankers!
We have
coming out on the 10th,
Dragon Age Golems of Amgarak.
Um,
on 11th, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
On the 12th, yeah, Madden NFL 11.
Like, anyone's gonna give a crap about it over there.
Um, 13 is Hoop World.
And Ship Simulator Extremes.
That's it.
I gotta say,
just tangent a little bit,
I didn't know much about that whole Scott Pilgrim vs.
the World thing. I didn't realize
that it's based on a comic book
where clearly the author has a huge
boner for video games, because there's so
many video game references in it.
Uh oh, Mystique's coming in.
And he's Canadian.
Well then, fuck him!
I'm just kidding.
He's from Canadia. I love Canadia.
All right.
Is that near Albonia?
Look, look, I have Canadian friends,
okay? Okay?
I'm sorry. All right.
I like the Canadianites.
No, for real though. Uh oh.
Mystique's coming in.
We're here. We're here. Flap, flap, flap.
Because she's wearing, I think, flip flops or something.
Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack.
Never mind.
So, but here's the thing.
At first I had no interest in seeing the movie
because I was like, oh, it's Michael Cera
and it's not Arrested Development.
So why would I care, right?
But then I hear it's all about this
video game, like, homage.
And then the whole, like, thing where they actually
went to Miyamoto to get the rights to use
the Zelda music in the thing.
And the comic book is about, like, he goes
to defeat the ex-boyfriends
who are, like, the seven bosses.
Or, I shouldn't say they're not
all ex-boyfriends.
One of them's a girl, but still.
It's like the harem of boss monsters
that are the exes of this chick
he's interested in. It's like the plot.
And I'm like, that actually sounds, like,
kind of awesome in an 11-year-old way.
I want to go see it.
Let's go see it.
I think that movie does sound completely sweet.
So I had no idea.
Dan, take me on a date.
I'm not dating all of you.
Misty.
Misty Wood.
I'll take Mystique out on a date.
Because Alan's in San Francisco, so Mystique
can be my date.
But no Nookie.
Rob's got jungle fever.
If we call
Alan, can we watch?
Stop it.
Stop it.
They're filthy, disgusting pervs.
You hang out with us.
Xbox 360 in Japan. How about Japanese
releases? I guess.
Here's a sport they love in Japan. Baseball.
Major League Baseball 2K10 is out from 2K Sports
this week in Japan. And it can't even sell
there.
I think it does alright over there.
I don't know. They're big, big.
They got the big boner for baseball in Japan.
Even bigger than here.
MLB 2K.
Sports of Japan.
Sumo and Baseball.
That might actually be their big release this week.
But I have to say this. On the Nintendo Wii.
It's not this week. It's coming out August 26th.
But I'm sorry. This is the greatest name for
video game ever. Are you ready for this?
On the Wii. This is super spanking massage.
Close. August 26th. You ready?
Twinkle Queen.
Wait.
Are you sure that's not in the Twinkle Star Sprites
family? I think it is.
Even if it is.
It's called Twinkle Queen. Oh no. It's a fighting game.
It's a fighting game with chicks.
Because we've never seen that before.
That was like fun.
That's on the 26th. That's not this week.
But I just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge Twinkle Queen.
It looks like the baseball game is the only big
release in Japan this week. Oh no. I lied.
On the PSP. Oh awesome.
Corpse Party is the name of the game.
Corpse Party Blood Covered
Repeated Fear is coming out in a
regular and limited edition.
It looks like some type of survival-ish
horror game with a very 8-bit style to it.
And there's a chick.
They're wearing Sakura uniforms.
They're just wearing school girl uniforms.
But I guess they're having a Corpse Party?
I don't know.
Remember last week that
Scary Stories game came out.
Oh that's right. But that was just like public domain
stories on the DS right? Yeah.
Kazoku Keikaku
comes out on the PSP this week.
It looks like the less scary alternative
if you want to play.
Because these girls are eating and this girl
looks like she's farting on another one. I don't know what's happening there.
But whatever.
So it's family something.
Maybe it's the family fucking something.
Apparently this is the month of no men
in Japan because none of these games
have men in them. They're all girls.
All the time. As it should be.
By the way, from Robocoon
in our chat room, I don't know if this is from Wikipedia
or what, but giving us the background on
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
The series is about 23-year-old Canadian
Scott Pilgrim, a slacker hero
and part-time bassist who is living in Toronto
and plays bass guitar in the band
Sex Bob-omb. He falls
in love with American delivery girl
Ramona V. Flowers but must defeat her
seven evil ex-boyfriends in order to date
her. And that's the plot of the movie.
That's cute. Oh it does sound cute. By the way
Dan, will you defeat my seven exes
to date me?
That probably wouldn't be very hard. One of the
rival bands in the game
or in the comics is called
Clash at Demonhead. Nice.
See, that's how you knew that guy
had a boner for video games.
People don't know that game unless they're...
Sex Bob-omb is awesome too.
Clash at Demonhead, that's
pretty obscure.
That's awesome.
The game is actually really, really cool
by the way. Why are you having a Squeak, ArcSaga?
Because I watched the trailer for this
and I totally, totally, totally, totally, totally
want this game. What are you talking about?
Sonic Colors.
Oh wow.
What? The theme song
is awesome. The theme song is
Cheeseballtastic and I love it. But not good.
But not in the way that everyone's
Super Sonic Racing.
But it's Sonic Colors
is coming out. Oh dammit. I was trying to
play it here in studio. There's a stupid ad on this.
Hold on, we'll get through the ad and then we'll...
It's not a good ad. It's a stupid ad. Well at any rate, in Europe
the game is coming out November 12th
and it's
actually the Sonic Team
head, Izuka Takashi
is the
big dude
who is handling the game
and it's pretty and it's really pretty.
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy.
Look at this and tell me this is gorgeous.
It looks cute.
That's hit buffering.
It did the same thing for me.
Alright, whatever. There you go.
Good enough.
At any rate,
it looks intensely, intensely
fun.
It reminded me just of how
excited I was about Sonic Adventure.
And there's no shadow.
There's no all these other characters.
It's just freakin' Sonic and Tails.
It looks cute as hell. I'll give you that.
SSG-100 Matt is in our chat
room saying Rob's band, speaking
of Scott Pilgrim's band and the Rival band.
Rob's band is Boom Boom Kitty Fuck.
I don't know where that comes from.
That was from
Jay.
Can I call you Boom Boom Kitty Fuck?
No, wasn't it?
The nickname that he gave his...
Boo Boo Kitty Fuck.
There's a difference between Boom Boom and Boo Boo.
It's crossed over with Boom Boom Dollar.
The mashup of the century.
That would be a great band name actually.
Boom Boom Kitty Fuck. Boom Boom Dollar.
That was almost the name of the show actually,
but we went with Orange Honch Radio. It was almost
Boom Boom Dollar Radio, but sadly.
That would have been pretty bad. I actually
want to say, no, I'm not fucking with you.
That was on the list of names.
In the long run, that would have been pretty bad.
Finally, wasn't it? We should just do like
Orange Lounge.
I think it was the idea that we
would be lounging around talking
and it made sense. I had a
migraine our first show.
You didn't really start
actually 100%
being on the show until about the 4th or 5th
episode. It's because I had to sleep in the Harry
Potter closet.
Remember? Yes. I was at the
Gay Frat House. Good times.
In the Harry Potter closet. True story people.
By the way, if you want old episodes of
OLR, they're out there.
I'm going to warn you though, old OLR
is nothing like new OLR.
He means out there.
It is just wow.
Wow have we come a long
way in 8 years. We haven't come far
but it's still a long way.
We've come away.
We have evolved but the spirit lives on.
If you listen to episode 1,
it really is a lot like tonight's
show actually where it just
isn't really about anything.
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
It was a lot shorter though. It was. We used to only
have a 2 hour show and now we're like 4 hours.
I don't know. Anyhow.
Rob, more. More?
How about more Sonic? I'll tell you more Sonic.
It's a hack of Sonic 2.
It's called the Dimps edition
and it's a ROM hack of Sonic 2
that apparently is supposed to make it more
like Sonic 4 and there's actually this
little trailer that's out there.
It got flagged on YouTube.
Denied. Oh well.
There was a trailer out there on YouTube.
It's actually available for download so you can hack the ROM
there and what's weird
about this though, they're not trying to do it
to actually say like, oh hey we're
excited for Sonic 4. No no.
They're adding the features to try
and point out how awful they are.
I don't know though. I think there would be a lot of people
that would get this to kind of like see the cool
new features. I don't know. Sonic 4 didn't look terrible
to me. But whatever. This is why I need Sonic
colors. It's a very interesting form of protest.
Did you miss that a couple shows ago?
Matt brought that up. It's the Sonic
cat that you get for pre-ordering it.
And it actually looks like a... Pre-order!
Alright. Don't look at
me.
Alright. Well speaking of classic games
such as Sonic 2 and well really any
Sonic in general.
We like to take a trip through the
gaming vault and find a classic
game of the week. The Dark Sakura says hey
listen
you damn kids. You ought to be
playing this game and showing a little
respect.
It's called the classic video game
of the week. Dark Sakura what is
tonight's classic video game of the week?
Shadow Dancer. Specifically the Mega Drive
slash Genesis version.
Imagine that. A Genesis game inspired by
your Genesis.
Well. Um.
Although I. Now this
is one of the games that I had Dan
playing for me last night.
I love him.
It's just
Shinobi.
It's actually. Dan this is my second
shut up.
Anyway. Um.
This is
this. This is the
sequel to Shinobi and it actually is different than the
arcade version. The Mega Drive
version of Shadow Dancer. The secret of
Shinobi. It came out on December 1st
1990 in Japan. And
the releases came out in North America and Europe afterwards.
And it's on the virtual console.
Um. And also in the
Sega Genesis collection for PS2 and
PSP. Dude that dog just ate that guys
face. I know right. This one has a dog.
What. You have a
ninja dog.
How freaking cool is that.
Anyway. Um. The main guy
did not have a name in
the um. In the uh.
Arcade version. And this one
though he's called Hayate.
And his dog is
and he's actually supposed to be the son of
Joe Musashi from
the original Shinobi.
Um. However
that was in the Japanese version. In the US version
he's just
Joe Musashi. Um. The dog's name is
Yamato.
Did you know that was the traditional name of Japan?
I do not.
Now you know. That's why
this ship was called Yamato.
Anyway. Um.
Anyway uh. They're trying to
uh. Uh. Avenge
this uh. The death of a guy
named uh. Kato who
was Hayate's mentor.
Or Musashi's student depending
on which version you're playing.
Um. So yeah. Different stages. Different stuff.
Um. Instead of looking for
time bombs like you did in the uh.
coin op one you rescue
hostages. And
your bonus one instead of being the first
person ones are where you fall off
of the building and shoot ninjas
in the face with shuriken.
Isn't that not amazing?
And then they also did a
Master System version that was out in Europe and Brazil
because remember like we said. They love
the Master System in Brazil.
And um. But this one was
actually a direct um. port
of the arcade version.
And it came out
on the computer. For home computer
by US Gold.
And
it's uh.
Pretty. Pretty hardcore. And yeah I didn't
do the first Kenobi because honestly I like this one better.
Cause you have
a ninja dog.
Tell me.
Dance in the other room and play ninja dog.
That should just be a video game right there.
Ninja dog. Yes.
Alright. I want
a ninja dog.
And then I want my cat to be the big fat
geisha.
Is that it then? That's it?
Yes. Alright. Classic game of the week is
Shadow Dancer.
I want to say you did like
one of the other shinobi games before.
I think I actually did shinobi before.
You probably did. I want to say I've
seen that in the uh. But Shadow Dancer is freaking
amazing. Cause you have a ninja dog.
I get the ninja
dog thing. Dog.
Alright. Named Yamato.
Well guys we are going to take a break but
we will be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
so please don't go anywhere. When we
come back with part B we're going to have more news stories.
More mailbag.
Actually we don't have a lot of emails tonight. If you want to get in
an email now is a great time cause there's hardly any
tonight. Your Twitter topics also will get
into those as well. And yes also
more Dan. Yes he'll be here.
Alright we'll come back in just a little bit with more of
Orange Lounge Radio. Stay tuned. And tacos.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge
Radio. We are live on Sunday
August 8th 2010 for the
377th episode of our
show. We're taping live at All Games Radio
www.allgames.com
No Loki tonight. He's still
out on baby leave but uh Dan the man
is joining us in the studio tonight. Sweet.
As is Misty joining us
all the way from the
east-ish coast. It's all the east coast
to me even though she's really from the midwest
but we had that talk a little earlier.
But she flew out here to be with us so we really
appreciate it. And we have tacos. Yes.
And we are all eating Mystique's tacos right now
and they're delicious I must say.
It's great. So uh
needs more salt though. No I'm kidding I'm kidding.
Alright cause they're low sodium
get it? Alright anyway. Uh
no actually they were really good. I
would never have guessed that they were any type
of special diet tacos.
Anyhow um
I'm kind of tired today you guys and I
apologize I'm really tired but
um last night I actually
I did something I've been wanting to do
for like 10 years and
never have had the opportunity to
until last night. And
um that was I went and saw
Showgirls in a theater.
It was
Mystique is laughing.
Mystique is just like they're bellowing.
No here's the thing. Wait wait Mystique Mystique
where's Mystique? Mystique get in here for a minute
cause I have to tell you about this. Okay
get Mystique a mic.
Get in here Mystique. Mystique.
You actually paid to see Showgirls?
Yes I paid. Well actually no I got
Alan to pay. Alan paid
15
15 dollars a ticket. No this isn't in
there. Okay so we're at the Castro Theater
right? Right in the heart
of you know what okay? And here's
the thing it was hosted by a
drag queen named Peaches Christ
Okay
that's officially awesome. And
uh she's been doing this for years this thing
she calls like midnight mass although for whatever
reason it was 8pm this year. She hosted
um uh Showgirls
and I you know I saw the movie like
not long after it came out and I was like
boobies every
boobies everywhere boobies
you saw that movie when it came out
not funny. Which is funny cause you know
I'm gay and all but I just boobies are
great like. And Rob made me watch it. Yeah why is it with
gay guys and boobs? I've talked to a lot of gay guys
they like boobs. Um we like to call them
fun bags cause
that's what they are.
I call mine jubbles.
Do you name your boobs?
They're just jubbles. Jubbles?
They're my jubbles. But there's two of them right?
Unless you don't have a uni-boob do you?
No they're the twins but I just call them my jubbles.
Oh okay I see. Alright that works
that works. Do you name your boobies?
Darth sakura?
Uh it's uh one's don't touch me there
and two is stop it.
Lies. Alright um
I call them lefty and righty.
You would. Shut up.
I had a girlfriend uh yes
believe it or not when I was like 16.
See I'm not surprised about that either. I had a girlfriend
and her name was Chuck. No no
shut up.
Her she named her boobies
and her boobies names get this
I'm not even I am not making this up
were Pebbles and Bam Bam.
Wow.
How is their names?
Wow.
Now we know why Rob is gay.
You know what
if dudes can name their junk
women can name their tits.
That's
very true. It's a free country.
Mine are just my
boobs.
The girls. Misty?
I'm not even gonna ask. She'll
throw that bottle of Mountain Dew at me. Alright
uh let's see
Now why would I waste mine and do like that?
Frisbee says kibbles and bits.
I want to know great
boob names. Like I know that has nothing to
do with gaming but I don't care.
I need to know good boob names.
So Dia says hers are named.
Wait what are uh
She's not saying what they are. Oh bummer.
Come on. You open that bag.
Now let the cat out.
Alright. Tiger Claw
says you can just call them bean bags because you know you
want to sleep on top of them. That actually is one
really good use of boobies. Like you know
sometimes when you're watching a movie and cuddling
with the fag hag there's you know boobies
that you can kind of you know rest your weary
head on. So there you go.
I think boobs are great. They are.
I think that they actually sell boob pillows in Japan.
And wrist rest
for your mouth so they are boobies.
Oh I've seen the hand pillows.
But they also sell laps that are like
maids. Maids laps.
For people
to lean on and sleep.
Interesting. It's that whole
mole thing you know. Alright.
Fair enough. Alright anyhow
I don't know what that had to do with games but boy
wasn't it fun. Alright. Man is a weird
place.
Let's see. Okay this is great.
She said my left one is named
Righty and the right one is named Lefty so the guy
doesn't get confused.
SSJ100 Matt says in chat
see see see the religious
fanatics and gays can both agree
on the fact that boobs are fun.
You know what we do you know
all this propping debate. I can see your dirty
pillows.
What? Didn't you see
Carrie? Do not want. Oh.
Years ago. Years ago.
They're all gonna laugh at you. Alright.
No. They're all gonna
laugh at you. Let's
derail the show further shall we?
And how. Alright let's get into Twitter topics.
Let's let the listeners control
the show with topics for a little bit.
Sweet.
Taco.
You can't run out to get a taco while we're trying to do
Twitter topics. She ran out to get a taco.
This is not
taco topics. It's Twitter topics.
Taco time.
Let's go Twitter topics. Alright.
You ready Dan? I'm ready. There's a game
Robocoon gets our first taco
topic tonight. Saying that there is
a game called Privates
that is now out on the PC.
This is the sex game.
Yes this is the one
where like I think you play these
little sperm-y condom looking guys
and yeah
you have a Windows computer
and
you can download this game now and
I guess it's a game that teaches you about
sex. Does it work with Kinect?
No it's a PC game.
For now.
You never know.
Let's see TigerClaw
305 sends us lots and lots
of links tonight. We're going to do a
couple of these here. First off
I think this is actually
really cool. All joking and laughing and boob
talk aside this is actually a really great story here.
The Kinect is going to be able to
recognize sign language. As long
as you're not sitting on the couch.
The
Kinect will actually recognize
American Sign Language and
it's due to a patent I guess that's out there.
If you are proficient in sign
language you can actually get the
Xbox 360 to recognize
the letters that you're doing in sign.
That's a great way to learn too.
Apparently though even if you don't know ASL
you somehow will be able to
lip read. That's pretty specific
for the Kinect. That's also kind of scary
if you think about it. They're saying
that instead of voice chat you may be
able to actually sign.
You need to learn how to start signing all that
foul language you hear on Xbox Live because
that's what this will be useful for.
I know how to sign.
I know how to say bitch in sign language.
I bet you do.
I'm sure we know the same
one Dan. This is less awesome
but this is something that TigerClaw sends.
It must be reported on. It is news.
Billy Mitchell has taken back the
Donkey Kong record.
It happened on August 7th 2010.
He reclaimed Donkey Kong
and Donkey Kong Jr.
Billy Mitchell is laying the smackdown.
That's right. He is not to be
fucked with. There it is.
He's like Steve Weeby sucks.
Whatever his name is. Hank Chien.
The dentist. Goodbye.
That's right. Off with you.
It happened at Boomers Grand Prix Arcade
in Florida verified
live by Twin Galaxies
Refs. That's it.
2 hours and 42 minutes
for Donkey Kong. 3 hours and 58 minutes
for Donkey Kong Jr.
I think I like this. He
stopped right after he
got past Hank Chien's score
and Mitchell said
quote, some say I'm being cocky.
Some say I'm being lazy.
I say I'm being Billy Mitchell.
Well because he wants
to have that record broken again.
He wants to be
able to keep one upping it because he really
does know that he is
that much better than everybody else
at Donkey Kong.
You know whether
you love Mitchell or
you hate him and you know you hate him. Everybody hates
Billy Mitchell. The guy
you know is the best in
the world at that game.
SSG100Matt sends us a tweet
about NHL 11
because we love sports games here at OLR.
There's nothing we love more than sports games.
And how?
If I'm going to play a sports game, why are there all these
giggling women in the other room?
Mystique's on the phone with our friend Beanie and Beanie said they had
tacos too.
Is it Taco Day?
The people in front of us at the supermarket
were buying the ingredients were buying the stuff to make
Mexican food.
Did I miss the memo? I was not aware it was
Taco Day. I thought Taco Day was
Tuesday.
You know who started that branding?
Me. Did you? I started Taco Tuesday.
I don't know.
That was a Del Taco thing.
I invented the internet.
Can I talk about NHL 11?
Yes.
There is download content.
It's all priced between 80 and 160
Microsoft points.
They're like player boosts where you can
actually give yourself high boosts
of 5 and 1 and 3 and so forth.
Get this.
156 different pieces
of download content.
Because EA doesn't have enough money.
Well they needed to
buy a soul.
Apparently.
What would EA do with a soul but
sell it? I don't know. That's kind of screwed up
I guess. For more Madden rights.
Because really you're paying to basically make your characters
better.
Learn to play.
SSG100 Matt
in our chat says hockey is being derailed
for tacos. Oh the humanity.
Tacos.
Frisbee gets kudos
for saying Billy Mitchell. I'm number one
at making sauce.
Tacos own hockey.
I'm saucy.
For real he sells
sauce on the internet.
I love the idea of a new sport
called Hocko's or Taki.
Or Taki.
And it would be hockey
played with tacos.
But they have to be like you know steal tacos.
Yeah. Alright. Steal tacos.
Blades of tacos.
Blades of tacos.
What's DS Master
doing allowed in the chat? They skate
on tacos.
Wow.
That would get messy.
But that would be fun.
I just can't DS Master.
Have fun. Alright.
Moving on. Let's see. What the hell is DS Master?
Lame. Some guy.
AK Ripper and USOC
says this week's episode
is awesome. Indeed.
This is also AK Ripper's
first time listening to Oella. No I'm kidding.
Alright. He calls in a lot.
Blue Swim sends us some
tweets. I'm just getting into
Dreamcast import gaming.
Boy you're about
15 years late now. I'm kidding. You want
Blue Stinger. What DC
games not already out in the US
somehow are worth importing.
The only Dreamcast imports I've got are
Fire Pro Wrestling D and Giant
Gram 2000. Which means he spent
8 bucks.
He probably downloaded them off the
inner tubes. Actually the Japanese version of
Blue Stinger is better than the US one.
The Japanese version of Blue Stinger is much better
than the US one. What about
isn't it the Japanese? No that was on the
Saturn. I was thinking Symphony of the Night but that's
on the Saturn. Yeah that's on the Saturn. What other
import awesome Dreamcast games are there?
Hold on. There's yeah.
Dark Soccer is going to the vault.
There's almost too many to go into.
Well while Dark Soccer runs to the vault
I will take other tweets.
She's going to come back with a bunch of terrible suggestions.
Spazinator sends us a tweet.
Apparently it's a leaked video
of the Castlevania Lords of Shadow Game.
Oh ha ha ha. He tried to
Rickroll us but I had it on mute.
That's why I usually don't
click on YouTube links but he cleverly
disguised it behind a bit.
Kick him.
I can't kick somebody off Twitter. If I could I would
for that. No I would just
kick him. I think everything
in this box came out in the US.
And
why do we have two copies of Capcom vs
SNK? Because
we're that awesome. No one
of them's the pro edition.
I gave him the best kick I could over Twitter.
I just sent him a tweet that said THWACK.
Boot to the head.
Alright let's see.
DJ Blazekin. Ever wonder what it would
be like to have DJ Hero on the NES?
No.
Neither has anybody
else. Well apparently
there is actually out there in the world
an 8 bit version of DJ Hero.
This is the same guy. He downgraded
some other games on the NES too. Here it is
folks.
These videos are always so bad
it gives me cancer.
What song is this?
Hangin' Tough.
What song is this?
Oh it's
Queen.
This game
sucks bad. Nobody bought
it.
You don't buy it Dan.
It's a hack. No I'm just talking about
DJ Hero.
You have no idea how hard I tried to sell
that game. You know what made it sell?
When it went down to like 80% off
it sold like crazy and now it's a hit.
People bought it. Anyhow.
One more tweet. Can I do one more tweet?
By the way I did go through the box
and I think everything that we have in the box
came out in the US. But
P.O.P.O. Da. I really like that game.
Hide with Thunder.
Someone imports Dan you dork.
Well you can't say it and give Blue Swim at least
one or two suggestions.
Let's see.
Orange Rite.
Because it almost makes it sound like Orange
L.R. is
right or something like that. Orange Rite
says his tweet saying Konami is
going to have a DDR party at Royal Tea
Cafe to celebrate their first DDR
for the PS3. Naoki will be
there live DJing. I did hear
about this actually. Too far
away or I would want to go. Yeah it's in Culver City
California which is in SoCal. It's a little
far especially for a weeknight because it's on August
12th which is like this week.
But hey if we have folks in the area
by all means go. I'm going to try to send
DJ Tyrant. He's in SoCal
and he's done some freelancing for the website so I'll
see if he can go and like cover this
for us. We don't have jobs we're going.
No I'm just kidding.
We ain't got no money.
Oh I know you could use the show
funds. Oh wait
we don't have show funds.
I've been too poor to donate.
We had show funds once.
Now we have a soundboard.
And I got to go to California Extreme
two years ago. Alright. Tiger Claw
saying I missed one of his tweets. I'm sorry Tiger Claw
there's a two tweet maximum. Too bad.
How does it feel?
Huh? Huh? Nah I
I appreciate what Tiger Claw does for the show
I do but I have to spread. It's not the
Tiger Claw segment. It's the Twitter Claw
Twitter Claw segment. I actually
said the Twitter Claw segment.
Shit. Alright.
Totally missed my point.
Tiger Claw contingency. Alright.
How about more news shall we?
And how? How about it?
This is like freaky fucking
scary to me. This reminds me of a
scene in the Clockwork Orange and I don't like it.
Although I love the name
of the company who made this because their name
is Waterloo Labs.
Do you get it?
Hold on I have to sorry for the dead air but I have to
bring this up like I need I need music
if I'm going to report on a story from Waterloo
Labs here. This is mandatory
that I have a story here.
Alright no seriously Waterloo
Labs they have developed
an electrode system that actually
measures your eye movement and
uses it to control
Super Mario Brothers.
That's right. So look at this dude
here. He actually has his eyes. Actually
I'll stop the Abba here for a minute and the listeners
rejoice. And you can actually watch
this guy in this little video here.
Alright blah blah blah blah blah.
Looks like they're in like a
garage. Not like a
garage like at your house.
It's like when we were at the OLR
studio. We are at the
OLR studio. And it's just a
spare bedroom.
Alright.
It looks like these guys are in like
their garage. It looks like they're in like a mechanics
garage. It's hilarious. I don't want to see these
guys like just talk about their stupid device.
There we go. There's the guy playing. Oh my god
he actually looks up to jump.
And the guy does jump.
That is and they
kind of move their head a little bit though. That's kind of
cheating. I bet he can't get to the line in this world.
I'd like to see him run through 8-1
always running like that.
That is freaky to me.
Oh see look at him die.
Boo.
Now Rob though you know they've had this before.
What? The Atari Mindlink.
Really? Yeah Atari in the
80's marketed a controller
that was going to play by your brainwaves.
But it actually played by the way that you
moved your head.
Like your forehead? Yeah.
It worked on your eyebrow muscles.
Snake oil. Exactly. Never released.
It was a
famous vaporware.
I don't think Waterloo Labs
actually plans to do anything with this. Waterloo.
I know right. Napoleon did
surrender. Napoleon.
Whatever
it made for a great YouTube and got their little
lab all over blogs and on
our show so congrats. There you go.
This website though that I
tried to find the picture on it actually
shows some Atari wireless
controllers that have these big antennas and
this thing and then an orthopedic shoe and it's
labeled which one is the orthopedic shoe.
It looks like
somebody in our chat room MOTC
I don't know if that's short for something. Sorry.
Is like going crazy trying to get the DDR
event information.
So if you're going I want a phone call next
week dude.
And by the way Orange Right actually
joined our chat room and actually changed the name to
Orange LR is right. So there we go.
Alright. Thank you very much.
Appreciate it. Well done sir. Well done.
And Tiger Claw like the
Google Ninja he is right there with the Wikipedia
article to the Atari
mind link. I want to see a picture
of this thing and see if it was scary looking.
I posted one in the chat room.
Go to the Atari History Museum. Hold on. Hold on.
The link is on the wiki page. Hold on.
I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm on it.
Let's see.
Oh I see it. There it is.
That looks dumb.
It was. That made for
great. It never worked.
I guess there was a game called Mind Maze.
Also that dude is wearing loafers with
no socks.
It was the 80's.
MOTC has finals that night and can't
attend the DDR party.
Fire. Blow them off.
Skip school. No I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Dark Sakura.
What do you have for us? Stuff.
Actually this is something that perhaps
Dan might be interested in.
Maybe. Maybe.
Well actually it's
he couldn't do anything with it because it's only
for Europe.
The European special editions
have
two special editions actually.
There's the signature addiction
that's like the US collector's edition.
It has a metal case.
A miniature SLS AMG
It comes with a toy car.
Model car.
It comes with a V6 engine.
A USB flash drive.
A wallet.
And an entry into a contest to win a Mercedes-Benz.
And vouchers for 11 download content
vehicles. A key fob.
An art book. A driving strategy
mini magazine.
And it's going to be
$179.99.
There's another special edition too.
It's all that stuff. It comes
to the trunk of a Z06 Corvette
and it costs $70,000.
And then
there's another one
if you don't have as much money which is $79.99
Euro.
It's the collector's edition that has a slip
cover.
Some art cards.
The download content
vouchers and the driving magazines
that came with the other version.
So you can decide
if you want to
have the cool version
or the oh my god can I win the Mercedes
version. Well let's keep in mind that's Euro.
So that's like what a buck and a half
a buck seventy five per Euro.
Or you could just buy the god damn
game by itself and be happy with it.
I'll do the conversion right now.
I want to get the US collector's edition
but I don't think I'm going to spring for it. What's in the US
collector's edition?
It comes with a toy car.
Bunch of DLC. Art book.
A book.
Soundtrack. Just all kinds of
stuff. And I like Gran Turismo
and after I'm like yeah
yeah I'll do that. And I'm like what it's
like 150 bucks?
Jesus no.
Alright going to another game
that's coming out later this year here in the US
and the UK. I think it's in the UK
this year.
240 bucks.
Got some money.
Hey a new mode in
GoldenEye that kind of
throws you back to an old mode. Here's the thing
there used to be a mode if you remember in GoldenEye
on the N64 it was called DK
mode. And that was the mode where you would all
have the giant heads.
It made all the enemies
and people in the game have these gigantic
heads and they all had
what they would call the proportions of Donkey
Kong because at that time Rare
was making of course this game and they were making
the Donkey Kong games on Super Nintendo right?
So is Donkey Kong mode coming back?
No of course not stupid
because Activision has the rights now and they
don't own the rights to Donkey Kong.
So it's not coming back. But
what they did and this is clever
they've decided to do a instead of big
heads they now have
big hands.
That's right there's a big hands
mode that can be activated in multi
players and you get big hands
and this is it. You can only melee
people so it is bitch slap mode basically.
You can only bitch slap the other players
with your giant hands.
That is what it is.
Awesome.
There also by the way is a mode
that makes everybody tiny that I believe was in the
old game as well. There's a knick knack mode
is what it's called. Am I alone in being
a lot less interested in that game when
they're like yeah we're going to redo GoldenEye.
Yay. Oh we're
going to take Pierce Brosnan out and we're going to put
Daniel Craig in. Oh yeah that's
that's
interesting. That's not a big deal. Whatever.
You see it was those Bond movies
were fine. The new ones were fine. They're awesome.
But GoldenEye is
Brosnan's movie. I
know it's weird but you know
the multiplayer one is fun.
I played it at E3
and I'll just say it doesn't even matter. Brosnan's a whore
for money. It's all about Odd
Job anyway because he throws the hat
and it's awesome.
There's a shoe honestly. Honestly.
You fight like a woman.
Frisbee in our chat room is a little upset saying you
can't claim ownership on big heads
and hands etc.
Maybe it was just they just didn't want to go there.
It's too
too close or something. The conglomerate
that owns what's left of Midway should sue.
Except it was a rare game.
Not Midway. Right but Midway
the big heads thing came along in NBA
Jam.
Back to NBA Jam again.
Shut up Dan.
Shut up Dan.
Let's do another news story. Well
for those who are looking forward to Pokemon Black
and White that haven't already. Hey Dan here you go.
And how?
That haven't already imported it.
Sorry.
You um
when you play through it the first time
until you beat it you can only
use the new Pokemon.
You don't get the old Pokemons.
No Pika.
Pika. Not until you beat the game.
Dan you can get some Pika.
Look I understand why they're fighting
like there's a lot of fucking Pokemon
at this point right like how many Pokemon are there now
like 700 fucking Pokemon or something like
it's just it's insane and they're all
starting to be like parodies of each other.
I would under I would actually sympathize
with Nintendo if they wanted to say hey look
new game, new system
or actually did they have another
DS? Whatever. New way of playing, new game
new Pokemon.
Stop asking for the old shit. I still want an
actual Pokemon MMO. But it's
weird that they kind of put
the Pokemon in there anyway at the end but I guess it's a
reward to beat the game. I guess.
There you go. I still want a Pokemon MMO
I would play that. Every time there's a
Pokemon story on this show somebody says
why don't they make this an MMO already?
That's a very good question. Because a Pokemon Momo would work.
A Pokemon Momo?
Is that like a
Moomoo? Momo.
A Pokemon MMO would be
great. It would be. But it would be weird
because Nintendo in their
mission to protect children across the
world with friends codes how in the hell would an
MMO work? And they keep it
like kid friendly quote unquote.
Would it be like the Disney game where you can only
say certain phrases to people?
That would have to be what would happen.
That ain't my problem. I just think that a Pokemon MMO
would work. Oh well okay.
Screw the kids. That's right. Screw the
kids. That's right Misty.
I would play the Pokemon MMO
while I ate my Nintendo cereal system
in my Nintendo pajamas.
It'd be awesome.
Amen.
This is awesome. It's not Pokemon
but it's almost as awesome. Torchlight
is coming. Torchlight 2
there's a sequel to the game Torchlight
which if you haven't played honestly they've had this game
on sale on
Steam I don't know how many times
and if you haven't picked it up by now you're a fool
because this game is great. If you like
I have a broken computer. I suppose
that's an acceptable excuse. And you're a fool.
But Diablo 2.
Who doesn't like Diablo Diablo 2? If you like those
games you're going to love Torchlight because it's basically half the
same team. But they made this game Torchlight
and they have announced that they are going to be doing a
sequel. It's going to be in 2011.
Multiplayer support.
Yay! Because that's what the first game really
badly needed. Torchlight 2
is going to go above ground
and it's now going to be on the continent of
Vilderand. There will still be
deep caverns but there will also be
weather, time of day cycles
and random events. You're going to be able to play
online and those of you
that feel burned by Blizzard, LAN.
LAN parties for Torchlight 2.
There you go. That's great. It'll totally
have features that every other game already has.
Except Starcraft 2. Score!
No you can't play
Starcraft 2 in it.
Well you can't play Starcraft 2 on LAN.
They took LAN out of Starcraft 2.
It's kind of a big deal.
There will be a
free peer to peer matchmaking service to meet
new players of similar level
and interest. Now I had heard
that they were going to do an MMO about this.
I guess that is also still in development.
It's a free to play Torchlight MMO.
This is not the same game.
But there is a multiplayer Torchlight game
on the way in 2011.
I think that's exciting to me. I don't know about you guys.
So there you go.
So sweet. Alright.
Well now is the mailbag part of the show except
Jamie is not here so
we're going to set the mailbag on fire ladies and gentlemen.
That's going to be another news story.
Damn! Where did I put my lighter?
Every week DarkSakura opens up the email bag at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
and she reads some emails for us.
We listen to them live
as she reads them for us.
So DarkSakura, why don't you go ahead and read us an email.
This is some great radio right here.
Mailbag? No it's not mailbag.
I had another story.
Not anymore.
The music is playing. Read the mail.
Come on get to it. Mail.
Mail time.
Mail call.
Land shark.
Mail call beats the booty call.
Hey how you doing?
The window is actually closed and I don't know who closed it so whatever.
It was me.
Okay we can go with that.
Dan, why don't you pretend you're emailing OrangeLawnsRadio.
What would you say in an email to OrangeLawnsRadio?
Email's up. Dear Rob.
Shut up Dan. Dan should be on this show way more often.
For real Dan. Shut up.
He is so cool and such a pimp.
Hello all our crew. Blade3 here.
Just wanted to say keep up the great work with the shows.
I can't. Shows?
We have more than one show?
I can't live without them.
You're show-wa.
Not shows. Show-wa.
I'd like more shows.
Keep my week going and with school starting this week I'll need you more than ever.
And by the way PlayStation Move is stupid and I think Loki should smack everyone who buys one when he gets back thanks.
Punctuation.
Loki's never coming back.
Yes he is.
Oh god help us all.
We have one show but I think he means shows as in you know there's been 377 episodes.
Although I will say Extrofer and I really want to do the other show and I think I have a great concept now.
Now that I don't have school on the nights you had available.
I would like to do that still. It would be fun.
I want to do a show.
The Dan show.
Not by myself.
What would a Dan show sound like if Dan was by himself with a microphone?
I have a mic. Words.
See?
The Dan and Mystique show.
Oh shit.
All who oppose us would perish.
Second email.
Greetings number one show in the continental US.
We're the greatest in the galaxy.
Yeah we're actually the greatest in the galaxy.
Although when we had that decree.
Do you have the decree?
The decree does not say the number one.
It just says the official.
I had tape stuck to it.
But I'll take number one.
What is going on over there?
Official decree.
Orange Lounge Radio is the official video game podcast of the galaxy forever.
It doesn't say number one video game podcast.
But it is the official video game podcast.
Which makes it number one.
Now that we have been voted the number one show in the continental US.
I guess Hawaii would beat us or something.
Meaning like all those one up shows.
Unofficial.
Not official.
Giant bomb. It's not official.
Totally not official.
Reading the email.
I just heard a story on NPR about talks between Google and Verizon about paying extra for used bandwidth.
Decided that people who stream video and music and especially online gamers will pay a lot extra for the bandwidth used.
This is very troubling to me since I'm an online gamer primarily.
Google seems to be the last straw and if they give in all the dominoes will start falling.
I'm wondering why I haven't heard more of an outcry from the gamer community about this bandwidth issue.
Since it has been behind the scenes for a while now.
I also wonder what game studios and developers think of this.
I don't know what I'll do if rates go up anymore.
What do you guys think?
I got this.
Honestly you are the podcast I look forward to all week.
Your loyal turtle in Philly.
Serious turtle.
Did you say turdie?
Shut up.
Wouldn't that come out as Tilly?
Dan you had a comment on this email?
Yes. The reason there's no outcry about it is because if it's going to happen it's going to happen.
There's literally nothing you can do to stop the cable companies from eventually getting to charge you for bandwidth.
Actually there is something you could do.
Cancel your cable.
Cancel your cable.
Ultimately at the end of the day it's going to be your dollars that decide.
Keep in mind. The other thing to keep in mind. Cable is slowly spreading through more and more neighborhoods and so forth.
And if you're also willing to make the sacrifice to go to something like DSL which might not be as fast.
You know perhaps there will be DSL competitors that are going to have an open internet that won't charge for this stuff.
You know AT&T still competes with Comcast still competes with neighborhood providers and so forth.
Don't get me wrong folks. I think this sucks too.
But I'm just saying it might not be like you know eternal damnation for all of us.
I mean like there's going to be a limit that people are going to hit and they'll just cancel it.
Well because it's already started. The phone companies are doing it you know.
But there will always be somebody out there who's going to say hey you pay a little bit more and you can be unlimited.
The hope is that two things will happen. Number one competition will keep things cheap.
You know because there is more than one answer.
So if cable says okay we're charging you and DSL says oh no we're not.
You know everybody will jump over to DSL and cable will lose all their money so they'll come back around.
The other thing that you're kind of looking at with the whole cable or with the whole unlimited bandwidth thing.
Is that there are you know God help us government factions and that at work.
Where the argument is that because the internet now is practically essential for life.
That they'll get involved to keep price gouging from happening.
You know but who knows what's going to happen.
The truth is we're just going to have to you know gamers online people.
You know the bit torrent people who are the ones who are really screwed it up for everybody by sucking down massive amounts of bandwidth.
24-7, 365. Yeah you heard that. What's going to really happen is you know we're all going to have to deal with it.
And hopefully yeah we don't get we don't get punked too hard.
I would think they'd go after the torrenters first but I don't know.
The thing is though everyone's a torrenter now.
Yeah that's true.
There's so many people who do it that you know it's one of their big ideas especially because you know Comcast now is a media conglomerate.
So for them anything they can do to shut down a torrenter protects in their eyes their other you know their movie studio, TV studio, whatever connections.
So you know they yeah they want the bandwidth plus you know anything they can get away with charging us a little bit more money.
You know they want that money. Give me that money.
Give me all your money.
Give me all your money. Give me your money.
Well that's is that it for the e-mail bag tonight?
Yes it is.
All right mail bag at orange lounge radio dot com if you want to send us an e-mail in the future and hopefully you won't have to pay extra money through Comcast or whoever your service provider is to do so.
I know it's still free right now.
In the meantime how about some angst, some anger, some FUs.
Hubba hubba hubba.
FU to my software shield.
I defeated you.
And my hand for not being able to not hurt.
I'm about to go take some Vicodin.
My FU of the week goes to the fact that my weekend is almost over because I actually had a pretty awesome weekend between you know showgirls and other stuff.
Just you know I'm sad but whatever.
Life sucks.
Life sucks you know.
Shit happens.
All right.
Misty do you have FUs of the week?
Kind of. It's just mostly to work drama and bullshit. I'm not even going to name specific names.
Also to the fact that I have not won the lottery so I can't move out here yet.
FU to not winning the lottery. I can sign off.
Dan the man. Do you have some FUs?
I got to throw an FU out to the economy.
Believe it or not I miss having a job.
Having a job was actually a great way to break up your day.
And how.
And besides that no not too many.
FU to all who oppose me.
Fuck you.
I will fucking kill you.
Back at you.
Misty are you saying you oppose Dan?
Don't oppose me.
Uh oh. We might have a throw down.
Trust me between now and Friday I can make your life a living heck.
Alright.
Not compared to work.
Before we get back into the gaming news of which I have a story here.
News about gaming? That's amazing.
Soon we will get to the Skype line.
And then the callers call in and it just all goes wild from there.
Alright I want to ask Misty though.
What do you have planned for your week while you're here?
What are you going to do?
What stuff do you have to see?
Because I know when I think tourism I think Sacramento.
I think we should go to the zoo.
That would be nice.
But yeah mainly obligatory Arviggle time.
Sunrise for Para Para.
Feed Jamie to a giraffe if you go to the zoo.
No no no red pandas.
Why would I do that? Dan maybe but not Jamie.
Dan will get eaten by a Gru.
Since when do they keep Gru's at zoos?
Are you guys going to go to San Francisco?
If we get enough people to help me with gas and parking.
I think you guys will have fun.
Because like Dan said we're pretty broke but.
I don't know why your mic sucks but.
How about this okay.
Much better yes.
If I have assistance with parking and everything and we eat cheap.
And I don't completely blow my budget at Daiso.
Or at Ichibancon then we should be fine.
Sometimes you can find street parking it's just really rare.
The garage is fine because honestly if you eat at like one of the little restaurants in there.
They'll all validate.
Oh Japantown?
Yeah Japantown.
Because I figured except I really kind of.
Well except that one garage that I feel most secure going to.
Is also the most expensive in the Castro.
Because I totally want to go to Naya.
The gelato place.
You can go to Naya in Berkeley.
You should go to hot cookie.
You know what hot cookie is?
It's the cookie store they sell cookies and underwear.
And pantsu.
They sell cookies and panties that's.
Yep.
Really it.
Can't we just hit yogurt.
Actually yogurt is right around the corner from my house.
Exactly.
I wish I could go with you gals but.
I have to work.
I don't have a lot of time.
If I want to go to gay days this year I have to keep working.
We'll get your man to entertain us.
Alright.
Anyhow back to gaming news then.
Let's get into this story about Xfire.
Do you guys remember Xfire?
Because I was using Xfire a couple years ago then I like stopped.
I do.
Steam kind of took its place for me.
But I guess there's still a lot of people using Xfire and Xfire is still around.
But Xfire got bought this week.
And they sent out a release to their 17 million users saying quote Xfire was bought by new owners today.
Most of the team that has built Xfire over the last six years is leaving.
We enjoyed working for you over the last 127 releases and wish we could stay to create the next 127.
Good luck and.
I'm sorry goodbye.
Good luck and game on.
That's kind of a thinly veiled like we just got bought and all laid off.
That's kind of sad actually.
Why did they get bought?
Well they were bought by Titan Gaming and they're based out of Los Angeles.
They have what's called skill based gaming technology.
Read that as money competitive gaming.
Titan will be taking on the Xfire name.
They're going to focus on ongoing innovation in the gaming space.
At least that's you know what the message says on their Titan website.
Quote the Xfire services will continue uninterrupted for its users.
And it will help gaming companies better engage their users and monetize their games.
Interesting.
They're saying that this might be to try and position Titan Gaming to compete better with things like virgin gaming and so forth.
But I believe the sound you're going to hear right now is millions of users canceling their Xfire accounts that they haven't already.
I'm going to be honest. I haven't used Xfire since Steam came out.
I was like Xfire? Really?
I know.
They got bought? Imagine that.
There it goes.
Tigerclaws says if you go to Xfire.com you can watch a bunch of live streams of people playing on it and it's mostly wow. Really?
Man that's just what I want to see.
Well let's go to Xfire.com right now and watch some a-holes play some wow.
Let's see we're going to go to Xfire.com.
To do live radio. I love this.
Actually you know what? We need some theme music as we go to Xfire.com that was recently purchased by Titan.
Benny Hill.
This song works for practically everything.
Videos. Live videos.
Let's see here.
There's Starcraft 2 going on live.
Worst rogue priest in USA.
That doesn't even make sense.
How does that work?
There's some people doing arenas.
Yeah these are like all wow videos.
I want to see worst rogue priest in the USA.
Where is it?
I clicked on it and nothing happened.
This is the worst segment ever.
Rob is fail at the internet.
Clearly. Oh I clicked on the wrong link. This website sucks.
Xfire live video.
So now you're blaming the website.
We're going to snoop in you guys.
Cyclone.
Cyclone.
Roots.
I'm casting cyclone. I'm casting roots.
Needs more magic music.
I got blind and uh.
I'm getting drunk.
I fucking just fell asleep right there in that little piece.
I mean how much did they sell this website for? 40 bucks? Because that's about what it's worth.
It's 20 more than I would have paid.
Although I've got to say.
Couldn't we just do our show on Xfire?
There might be more.
We could go on there and uh you know go on uh and do like a live wow stream and be all like hi you're listening to orange on video.
Cyclone. Cyclone.
Roots.
And cyclone.
Magic missile.
I'm going to use intimidating shout.
That really is a wow move actually.
I know.
Dan only knows that from watching South Park.
Alright.
No no see I didn't work in a video game store for 10 years or nothing.
People might talk about Warcraft there.
In fact I banned my assistant manager from talking about Warcraft.
He'd talk about Warcraft and I'd be like no I need you to do some work.
So if he came into work one day and started going cyclone.
You know what's amazing about that? That was live.
That wasn't planned. That was actually happening right now somewhere.
That just happened.
Anyhow.
One more story from Dark Sakura and one more from me and then we're going to open up the phone lines and if you thought cyclone was bad.
Alright. Dark Sakura.
Well Treasure actually.
They are wanting to work on another 3D shooting game.
And if you have really good programming skills and live in Japan.
You actually might be able to make it.
They have a job listing on their website looking for a new project 3D action shooting game.
And they are advertising.
Dude we should send this actually to Krista.
Have her work for Treshar.
I'm surprised you're not applying for this.
I can't program shit.
You can learn fast.
I'm going to link this to Krista.
You could lie about your qualifications like in Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead.
That was great. Oh I see you graduated from Vassar.
I'm right on top of it Rose.
You know I saw that in the theater.
Me too.
The dishes are done man.
Why are we quoting a movie that's like 20 years old?
Because movies are awesome.
We have some listeners that weren't even born yet when that movie came out.
Fuck them.
It's on DVD.
Maybe.
Well they've put worse shit on DVD from what I hear.
I don't specifically know what but yeah.
Alright.
Let's talk Starcraft 2.
And how.
And Dan you better be careful because you know this house is prone to getting these spy bots and these bad things in it.
And this is important to know about Starcraft 2.
Actually this is actually halfway serious because there are a lot of phishing scams out there.
And I'm not talking about like phishing like you know.
Reel her in.
I'm talking phishing like P.H.
Wow.
I'm not like talking Dreamcast phishing.
The great thing is he's looking right at me.
I know.
And he's saying that like I'm not going to understand.
You need to understand.
No Dan.
Dan.
Why aren't you looking at.
Listen to the words.
Why aren't you looking at DarkSakura over there.
This spy bot search and destroy herself who's downloaded 15 viruses in the time that we've watched the show and managed to managed to kill them all.
Then she's looking at me like she's hurt.
She dumped like a gallon of bleach hypothetically into her computer to clean up any possible viruses.
See that's what I'm saying.
Yeah and you want to know exactly how it got rid of it actually.
I finally ended up doing a Windows search finding the DLLs and deleting them.
See.
And what was the DLL called?
Fuck if I can remember.
There's also a few EXEs attached to it.
But I got rid of them.
I thought it was called STD.
No the STD one was one that was among the list of those.
But the things that I have are from like last year.
All the instructions.
And the program has changed since.
So they've renamed all the stuff.
So I had to go back and find them.
But I took care of it.
It's like a Pokemon but STD.
And it was also actually every time I would stop the process it would restart the process through a different database builder that I had built in.
So I actually had to delete the database builder and the program.
It's like Skynet yo.
Did your computer become self aware?
It touches itself Rob.
Alright.
Can I move on talking about Starcraft 2 here?
It sure is aware of itself.
If you must.
Be wary because there are a lot of phishing emails going out there about certain Starcraft 2 promotions.
For example if there's an email that you get about new free maps or a new mount for Warcraft.
I guess this kind of crosses over.
Or you know any type of extra Starcraft 2 stuff.
They're trying to get your battle.net account info to try and get your activation key for the game.
So be careful there's a lot of phishing emails out there.
Obviously it's been going on in World of Warcraft 4 forever.
Unfortunately Blizzard hasn't really been able to fight it outside of the authenticator.
Which is a little silly that they've had to release this authenticator to protect accounts.
I mean but unfortunately they're just so prone to getting hacked.
I mean my own account was hacked.
I mentioned earlier in the show.
You know last year and it sucked.
It was kind of like virtual rape.
Like it was just my character.
Somebody played my character.
Played with my character when I didn't know.
It's just very sad.
What's ridiculous is it's the class of cybercriminal.
You know they're just doing it to fuck with people.
Because I mean really why wouldn't you just steal their bank account number.
Or you know something where you could actually steal some money.
Well a lot of times they do that too.
In fact there actually is a big login message in World of Warcraft now that says don't use the same password for Warcraft that you do any other website.
Because if they get your password for Warcraft they'll get your other passwords too.
Why is that funny?
Because I could just see some guy putting in his password which is undoubtedly password.
For his bank account and his World of Warcraft and his you know everything.
And then being like oh my god I lost all my money.
Oh but the real tragedy is they cleaned out my Warcraft character.
You deserve it.
Nobody deserves to have their Warcraft character raped.
I'm sorry Rob.
I know that hit a little too close.
Well there may be a few people.
Yes Monty Boggs in our chat room says did he touch your character in the swimsuit area.
And I play a Tauren for heaven's sake.
Yes he did touch the Tauren in the swimsuit area.
That's how desperate these people are.
Alright Frisbee in our chat room says password 12345 to which Bonds006 says dammit now I have to go change my password.
That's the same password I have on my luggage.
The great thing is I read somewhere in this last week that they're cracking down on people who are having relations in World of Warcraft now.
Why can't they go after these companies?
Like I realize they're in another country or whatever but isn't Blizzard established in a lot of these other countries?
Why don't they go after these guys legally?
I mean it's a bad thing that they're doing.
Well wait wait wait they have roleplay servers for a reason.
Yeah well apparently they don't care.
Because some 10 year old went wandering on into one of those roleplay servers I guess.
Yes in a completely unrelated type of story although I think that's what you're referring to.
Blizzard actually announced this week kind of unofficially on the forums they were going to patrol one of the servers a little more because of the roleplay.
This server is kind of known for being the adult roleplay server and people like to roleplay in the tavern in Goldshire.
Right that's what I read.
And I can't remember the name of the server.
You're in the tavern getting drunk.
If there's any girls there I want to do them.
But what's amazing about RP servers is that there's just as many griefers as there are actual RPers.
So you can just imagine what these servers look like some days.
You know that almost makes me want to play Warcraft.
You just want to be a griefer.
Oh yes.
Oh no you want to do adult RP.
Admit it Dan.
I can do adult RP at home.
Trust me bitch.
Oh really now.
Being an adult sucks.
I'd rather do 10 year old RP.
They'd be like why is your character sitting there on the ground.
I'm playing with GI Joes.
It's amazing.
Lance of Longinus.
If you want to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The Skype line is open.
1-877-GAME-OLR or OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Call and harass Dan for me.
Game-olar.
We should have a segment called Make Dan Laugh.
Haha.
Alright.
That's not that hard.
Let's see.
I'm known as Chuckles.
Yeah SalaciousPop in our chat is following up with the details of the story there.
There is one particular roleplay server that has been earmarked for erotic chat.
Apparently it gets pretty explicit.
Dude I want to play there.
I love the word erotic.
All level 5 toons in the human side starter in.
Tigerclaw says speaking of Starcraft you have the story about Blizzard removing Starcraft 2 maps due to inappropriate content right?
I did hear about that. All the wang maps and penis looking maps and you know.
Quit making maps that look suggestive.
Attack your balls.
Alright.
Hahahaha.
You have to defend your zone.
Haven't you heard like.
Let's be honest. If the Zerg attacked your groin.
Starcraft 2 apparently has these crazy like as modes where like you can like make RP games and like.
Ooo erotic roleplay in Starcraft.
Coming soon.
Jesus.
Yes my child.
Your soldiers are all really tiny.
Let's go to the phones.
I just don't see how that would be exciting.
Hi you're on OrangeLion's radio. Who's this?
Yo.
Yo.
Yo.
What up?
Hello there O.L.R. Speaking of which. Speaking of Swede. If it's that one. Swede.
Ahem.
It's our crazy Swede Aki Ripper is calling in.
Jesus heck is this.
Oh shut up.
He's one of our official Swedes.
Dan we have listeners all over the world.
Oh he's. This is real.
Yes this is a real guy.
Yeah well.
I thought that guy was just putting on a voice.
No he's really. Well at least as far as we know.
I'm pretty impressed now actually.
No no no no. Dan I am from Sweden.
Oh well that's a really bad example but well.
He just went off on you in Swedish.
How is the chef?
That was hot.
I have a question about Sweden I want to know.
I have to know this.
Okay so in Sweden do you guys call Swedish fish just fish?
No we don't.
Because they're delicious and they're red.
We don't fish.
Well some of us do but it's like dying out.
He said some of us do. Thank you.
I'm glad that you confirmed that for me.
But on the subject of fish though.
Yes I will.
Because I live in that part of Sweden where you know the thing where rotten fish is supposedly popular.
Oh wait but it isn't rotten it's just like fermented beyond fermented.
And yeah so called soothed minted.
So do you guys like eat them or do you just smell them?
Anyway what did you call in for tonight?
What's the point?
Dan stop egging him on.
Dan Aki Ripper what did you call in to talk about tonight?
That's what I said.
Well Blizzard still won't let me play Starcraft 2 but here goes the thing though.
I tried to call their customer service two times and it was all busy.
And I was like screw this I'm going to start playing Sims 3.
Can you play Starcraft 1?
And speaking of Sims 3 there has been like a few talks well in a recent tweet thing about the coming expansion.
Sims late night or what is it no.
Yeah Sims 3 late night the latest expansion or whatever.
Is this with erotic roleplay as well?
Sims late night sounds kind of kinky.
Isn't that why they killed Sims Online?
Yeah Sims Online turned into just it was so sinful what was going on.
Exactly.
Sims Online.
And that's what the Sims always comes into.
Everyone who plays Sims is a pervo.
Dan shut up I played Sims.
Hold on hold on Aki Ripper I want to rewind a little bit because you're still mad at Blizzard and rightfully so.
But I have some ideas for you on how to take your revenge on Blizzard.
And one of them you just brought up this stanky rotten fish thing you need to send Blizzard a can of that.
So is it like you can't play any Blizzard games can you play Starcraft 1 for example?
I don't think it will help in a kind of way.
And well one kind of thing that pisses me a bit off is that well while I have apparently some way on getting that authenticator.
My current cell phone that I use don't support the authenticator unfortunately.
Can you get the little physical one?
What time is it in Sweden?
It's three thirty in the morning.
You talked about the Blizzard authenticator.
Yeah the actual one not the mobile one.
Which is available to some cell phones.
My problem is that the current cell phone that I'm using at the moment I can't use that because it's not a symbian cell phone.
I can remember they sell a stand alone one that's not just for cell phones.
It's like you push a little button on it.
Alan has one and I used to have one a couple years ago.
It's like a physical authenticator you don't need a mobile phone for it.
Which is good because I will most likely order that one instead of the one on a cell phone.
AK Ripper we got to let you go to get more calls.
Everybody was trying to get through to talk to Dan tonight.
But thank you very much.
Take care.
Anyway once again for all.
Your show rocks beyond the den.
I love you AK Ripper.
By the way one other suggestion.
Actually tonight since actually Dan and well Misty and all those guesses was quite fun.
If you want to make Blizzard really upset.
Threaten to take away Ikea.
Right.
Swedish people will.
AK Ripper you take care buddy.
Good luck with your Blizzard drama.
Bye.
Dude why do you think I've been listening for practically 300 episodes now?
Good time.
Hey you see that's what we should do tomorrow is go to Ikea.
Ikea?
You should go have meatballs.
We're going to Ikea for lunch.
I'm not.
We got a call coming in.
Hey behave.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
Behave.
This.
Well this is.
If you're from Sweden we're hanging out.
Oh I can't understand.
Dan.
Shush.
Just for a minute.
You sit there and you shush.
Okay.
Okay sorry caller.
I'm sorry.
Hi Blaisekin.
Okay hi Blaisekin how are you?
I'm doing fine and actually I'm kind of excited about the 3DS but not as much as if there
were Beatmania or DJ Max coming to the PS3.
Wait hold on.
I got a real quick question for you.
Where are you from?
I'm straight out of Omaha, Nebraska.
Stuck here in the middle of the United States of America with the best music arcade in America.
Okay wait.
Hold on.
Hold that thought for a minute.
Dan.
He's from Omaha, Nebraska.
That's not Sweden.
That's not Sweden.
I don't even think they have Ikea in Nebraska.
Nebraska almost worse.
Alright.
Shush.
Almost worse.
I haven't been to Nebraska yet.
Keep in mind I'm going to be smacking him like a red-headed stepchild later.
Alright.
Can I help?
The 3DS.
Now you do know there is DJ Hero on the 3DS but I don't know if you're a fan of that.
Actually do you know what?
I made a sketch.
About a few months ago while sitting in lunch at high school and trying to figure out because
I kind of rumored you know how Guitar Hero came to the 3DS so I was kind of figuring
out how the heck they're going to pull off DJ Hero on 3DS and my thing was like the same
thing that they did for Guitar Hero but just put a miniature turntable into the GBA slot
with the buttons on there and then have the cross fader on the touch screen.
That's no GBA.
That's my idea.
That's no GBA.
You're really close.
The cross fader is on the touch screen so is the turntable.
That's how they do it.
Aww.
What?
There's no peripheral on the bottom.
I didn't play it.
I heard all this secondhand from Shane but seriously go listen to the E3 shows which
are still on iTunes and on the website.
Wednesday.
Tuesday.
No.
Tuesday's E3 show.
The first E3 show, whenever that was, we talked about DJ Hero on the 3DS because he actually
played it.
I missed it.
He was playing Ridge Racer on the 3DS which sucks balls.
Only balls?
Yeah.
Especially for steering unless you're using the little analog that they got on there.
That's how I play on the PSP.
I cannot stand on the touch screen too.
The collision was so weird.
When you run into your wall, the car would rotate like 15 degrees at a time.
It wasn't very smooth.
Oh.
It is Ridge Racer.
Anyway, wait.
Hold on.
This is the real question I want to ask.
DJ Blazekin said he was drawing this out while he was in high school, kind of doodling it
sounds like.
Okay.
I don't know about you but when I was of that age, in high school, in junior high and even
grade school a little bit, you know what we used to draw when we were bored?
We would draw out those little adventure games where you would draw your lair.
Don't you remember this?
Was this just me?
You draw out the lair and there might be a pit full of alligators and a vine and things.
It was basically a poor man's Dungeons and Dragons mixed with an 8-bit video game.
We made many, many poor graph paper, six sided die, ghetto RPGs.
And there would always be a woman with big boobies at the end of the maze that you were
trying to get to.
I don't know why I decided to talk about that but I did.
I wanted to do it back in my day story.
Okay.
You know how the new DJ Max Technical, which I haven't played yet, but the only thing near
to that we even have here in Omaha is DJ, or not DJ Max, BeatMania 13 Distorted is
what we got over here.
And I'll tell you this straight up, the Family Fun Center is what it's called over here.
They've kept a majority of their music games up and running like perfect health.
Now, I've got to give a giant F you to my local malls arcade because one of my favorite
games down there, a music game in particular, In the Groove, which I play frequently when
I go there.
Well, my mom's getting her nails done and whatnot.
That is one way to kill time.
Basically, it's down.
And the game's been out of commission for more than a month.
How long do you...
Do you ever go to the nail salon and inhale the fumes in there before you go play In the
Groove?
No.
I know.
It really, really improves the experience.
I was going to say, maybe that's what makes the game fun.
I'm just kidding.
No.
No, no, no, no, no.
But I usually have my own little USB flash drive with my custom songs on it to play on
it, which I have all the DDR soundtrack songs.
Oh, well that's cool, yeah.
That was pretty cool when they opened it up on that last patch to all the USB stuff.
That was neat.
I'll give you that.
Yeah, and here's the thing.
I'm actually visually impaired in one eye myself.
Black Wolf is not the only one that has a vision problem.
I'm kind of ultimately at the same point, because I can only see well in one eye.
Well, I can think of two listeners we have at least that have both eyes blind.
Didn't In the Groove get sued out of existence?
Yeah, it got sued.
It got annihilated by judgments, basically.
It was sued out of commission.
But that's a whole nother show.
In the Groove though, like players and DDRs, one, you didn't have a bunch of friggin background
videos going on with flashing arrows, which it's just like solid color arrows, no background
video.
It's way easier to see.
And even completely 2020 sighted players I've talked to say that it's better and easier
to play it in DDR for getting the notes.
Awesome.
All right.
We're going to let you go, dude, because we've got to get more calls.
But I got one last question for you guys.
Make it quick.
Make it quick.
Do you think there's a possibility of DJ Max Technica on the DS?
I wouldn't hold my breath.
Anything is possible.
It's always about sales and how much those dev kits are going to cost.
I wouldn't expect it for at least a year because those dev kits are going to have to come down
in price a little bit.
So don't get your hopes up for right away.
All you got for right now is DJ Hero.
And if you're lucky, somebody will come up with another innovative music game.
Let's not forget the DS is what gave us Elite Beat Agents, which is basically DJ Max Technica.
I mean, right?
So I've never played Technica in the States and is now on sale with accessories for $9.99.
It has Flee.
That's a kickass song.
All right, buddy.
We're gonna let you go to get more calls.
You take care.
Have a good one.
Peace out.
Bye.
Bye.
Okay.
Let's go to another call.
Hello.
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hi, X-Link.
Hi.
How are you?
Hey.
Doing good.
Awesome.
What's on your mind?
You know, it made me laugh when you're talking about the erotic chat.
And wow, it made me think of some of the stuff that some of the chats we have late at night
here on the guild.
Wow.
No, no.
No, no.
Hold up.
Ryan and I are in the same guild.
Yeah.
I picked that up real quick.
No, no, no.
They're dick and fart jokes.
They're not anything actually.
Yeah, whatever.
But the whole team is in the guild as well.
It only gets more and more kinky.
Let me guess.
Jamie's in there too, huh?
She was for like a day.
Everybody's been on this but me.
No, Rob, I got to level 20.
Why do I miss all the hot erotic chat?
You're on...
Oh, don't worry, Dan.
It's your like.
I also need a transcript.
Dan, you are unemployed.
Now is the perfect time to play WoW.
Exactly.
You're like the fourth person to that.
Rob, Rob, Rob.
What?
Dan lives with me, so he's going to be playing Star Trek online.
Oh sh...
Lock yourself in your room.
Get a laptop.
See this wallpaper?
Deep Space Nine.
I know. Star Trek Online.
It's okay.
You know what's terrible?
When I was a teenager, I was a Trekkie.
I mean hardcore.
The posters, the movies, you know,
knowing Klingon, the whole works.
It was a show.
It was the show on television.
Yeah. Well now, my wife,
ten years too late,
has decided that she's going to be a Trekkie.
No, no, no, no, no.
That would have worked out for me, you know,
years ago.
Now it's just like, really?
Star Trek? That's cute.
No, no, no, no.
Although admittedly I do kind of want some con cologne.
Did you take her to the tour that's at Mather?
No, we stopped to go.
I do want to go too.
I want to go too.
Keep in mind...
Keep in mind, I missed Deep Space Nine
when it was on TV.
I watched a few episodes here and there,
but I was also in school.
I had college to do.
So her and her friends come over
and they take over my big screen TV and my surround system
and they sit on my couch
and they watch Deep Space Nine on my big screen TV.
How is that a problem?
It's not a problem.
But all I'm saying is,
man, what happened when I would have enjoyed that?
Star Trek Online though, admittedly,
looks like a pretty neat game.
Okay, back to the caller.
Hi, caller.
Hi.
Anyway, so about those erotic chats, huh?
Yep, he does.
What did you call in to ask us about tonight?
He just wanted to remind you that you
erotically chat, Rob.
Oh, sorry.
He just wanted to bring up those late night chats
live on air.
I see how it is.
That's fine.
How dare you.
Let me read some of these transcripts.
All right.
No, seriously, let the man talk.
What's up?
No, I wanted to talk about the...
God, now I can't even think.
Now I got all derailed by the whole chat thing.
Yeah, welcome to my life tonight.
Welcome to OLR.
Jamie was like,
hey, Dan should host the show while Loki's gone.
I'm like, oh, sure.
That sounds like a great idea.
I think Dan's doing a great job.
Oh, no.
Dan's been fun.
Dan's fun.
Guess what?
What?
You get the hell out of my house.
You can host your story.
You can host it from your new car.
I don't know.
I think Rob could take you, Dan.
Yeah.
Dream on.
I didn't say how.
I just said I think you could.
Look, I don't even want to go into that conversation.
All right.
X-Link, hi.
This is getting inappropriate.
Where every gamer has a voice.
So anyways, how about those erotic chats?
What about it?
I believe you were going to ask something else until you were rudely derailed.
Um, no.
No, I can't think of what it is now.
So I'm just going to leave it at that.
All right.
Well, have a great week, X-Link.
Erotic chats.
Thanks for the call, I think.
All right.
Have a good one.
It was good to talk to you.
You too.
I enjoyed that.
He sounded like a good guy.
I hate this show.
All right.
1-8-7.
You're loving it.
I do love this show.
You've got a big smile on your face.
I do.
This is fun.
All right.
1-8-7-7 game.
O-L-R.
username on Skype is orange.
But see, now here's the thing, though.
When Loki comes back, you guys, you have to say, oh, the show sucked when you weren't
there.
Like, it just wasn't working without you there.
Because I don't want him to feel.
You know what's weird, though?
The show.
He's probably listening to us.
You know he's not coming back.
The show is always better when one of us is missing.
Like, you know Jamie missed episode 69, which was that epic night that Loki sang the karaoke
revolution, and it's like one of our greatest movies ever.
He sang I'm Staying In.
And I was gone.
Nice.
I was gone one night, and this show just totally, like, I don't even know what happened.
Like, they were watching a Ron Jeremy biography live on air and commenting on it.
You wait until 378 when we pay all our mad libs.
Wait, which episode is it?
It will be epic.
All right, can we take another call, please?
No.
Of course.
Hi.
Who said no?
Misty.
Misty's the new director.
Veto.
Producer.
I'm taking the call.
All right, I'm hanging up.
No, I'm kidding.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is your friendly neighborhood Rick Roller spazzing eater.
Hi, spazzing eater.
It didn't work.
I had the sound off.
Haha.
What's up?
Well, after a couple of years of having that on, I know I kind of relate to the whole Rick
Roller thing, but I figured you've got to do it at least once.
But at any rate, two little tidbits of information.
I probably wonder what you may already know about, but I can't figure you would like to
know about since you're really big on the music-based games.
From what I've heard through the grapevine, supposedly DDR is coming to both the 360 and
PlayStation 3.
I don't really follow DDR at all, so I don't know which version of DDR is coming to the
other versions, but since I know the two of you are into DDR, I kind of figured the fact
that it's coming out to newer systems may pique your interest.
Sure, spazzing eater, actually, spazzing eater, I've got the perfect answer to your question
actually because we actually have a friend that works at Konami that can actually answer
this question and tell us some of the differences between the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3
version.
So let's head on over to my friend who's going to tell us.
That's right, motherfucker.
How's it feel?
How's it feel?
Oh, bitch!
What?
What?
Who's Rick Wall and who now?
He's no stranger to love.
Yeah, that deserved a Pikachu beatdown.
All right.
I just got smacked with a Pikachu.
All right.
I've got troubles on my screen, Rob.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
Squeeze.
I've got troubles on my screen, Rob.
Squeeze.
When Rob gets smacked with a Pikachu, he usually makes something else.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Where did you put Angus?
What the hell are you talking about?
Who's Angus?
My trouble.
It was in the blue bucket.
Damn, don't tell me right away about another trouble.
Hey, hold on.
Angus is in the closet.
Hold on.
Spazinator actually had a question.
I may or may not want to answer it.
About what DDR version.
Here's the thing, Spazinator.
Actually, this is my honest answer.
As far as these DDR games go, the new ones that are coming out, we don't know a lot about them, period.
That's what makes this press event that's happening this week so interesting is because we had all this information about the Xbox and PlayStation DDRs coming out, and then suddenly there was nothing for a while.
But I think what happened is that at E3, then we saw Dance Masters come out, and Dance Masters is a Xbox 360 game.
So that the PlayStation 3 users have something, here is my guess, and I honestly believe this is the honest-to-God truth.
The game that was going to come out on the 360 and PlayStation 3 now canceled on the 360 in favor of Dance Masters.
But for those folks that don't have a 360, you get Dance Dance Revolution on the PlayStation 3.
I honestly kind of think that's where things went.
And it's really hard to say if this new PlayStation 3 game is going to be good or not until we know more about it.
From what we heard a couple years ago, it's like a greatest hits, a lot of the famous songs and some new ones, lots of DLC, eight-panel dancing.
It certainly makes it sound like it's going to be leaps and bounds better than the 360 games that already exist, because there is Universe 1, 2, and 3.
But I think the PlayStation 3 one, you know, it's the first DDR game, I'm not even acknowledging the Wii ones because they're ridiculous, but it's the first real DDR game we've had in a couple years.
And if they've actually rebuilt it from the ground up and so forth, it might be kind of cool. That's my thoughts.
Yeah, as someone that's never touched a music game aside from some of the older Guitar Hero games and the Rock Band games, I'm willing to at least give it a try.
Granted, I know it's hard core into that series as you guys are, but I'm willing to give anything a try, you know?
Faznator, before you go buy DDR on the PlayStation 3, which will cost you at least $60, honestly, if you want to try it and see if you like it, you can find dance games on the PlayStation 1.
Because I don't think you have a 360. Do you have a 360?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, okay, well then never mind. You can go buy a cheap dance pad for like no more than 20 bucks.
And you could probably, like Dark Sakura found the fancy dance pads at a local discount store.
I bought three of them for six bucks.
Yeah, they're like super cheap. So if you look at like discount stores and stuff, you might find them even cheaper, but no more than 20 bucks for a cheap game pad.
And like DDR Universe 2 at GameStop, I shit you not, I saw it in a bin the other day, $7 used.
So I would say for 27 bucks, try it. And if you think the game is fun and you're like, hey, I want like a more souped up version of this, this is kind of fun, this is getting me moving and burning calories, then drop the 60 bucks on the PlayStation 3.
But if you're not sure, Spaznator, don't spend more than 30 bucks doing the trial run.
Because you're still getting a decent game out of it. It's not that the 360 games are bad, they're not. They're just, you know, they're dated at this point.
Yeah, I'll definitely look into it. It's going to be a while before I buy even a used retail game because money is kind of, you know, tight at the moment.
But before I do let you go, there's one more thing I just want to pass along. I don't know if it's on the Xbox marketplace just yet or not.
It's been a couple days since I checked it. But at least over on the game side of the PSN store, there is, you know, I guess it amounts to a half hour long machinima movie that Rockstar Games had made using Red Dead Redemption.
Interesting.
Yeah, totally free download, will cost you a cent. And it clocks in at literally 29 minutes and 6 seconds. I just gave it a brief looking over and it looks kind of decent.
You know, if Rockstar is behind it, they have a great writing team, so it's probably pretty good. Especially if it's just a video, I don't see why it's not on the 360. I haven't looked, but I don't see why it wouldn't be there.
Yeah, based on the description I read on the video itself towards the end, the half hour movie is supposed to serve as a prequel to the actual game.
Alright. Well, Spaznado, we're going to let you go so we can take more calls or wrap the show up. I don't know what we're going to do yet, but have a good one buddy, okay?
Yep, you too. Take care.
Alright. It was good to not hear a horror story about the Playstation 3 from Spaznado for a week. It was some positive news. He's keeping it positive tonight for you, Dan.
He's thinking of playing DDR.
Are we going to take more calls? Producer Misty, are we taking more calls or fuck them?
I hope so. Depends on who we get though.
Alright. Producer Misty says call if you want to try. You have to audition now to be on the show. You have to get through Misty to be on the show.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Rama.
Hold on, hold on. Before we take your call, Rama. Producer Misty, is there anything you want to make Rama do to see if we can take his call tonight or not?
No. I thought that it was him, so he's cool.
Take off your pants.
Yodel!
Eat my terrible cooking.
Your cooking isn't terrible.
Misty's our Nakane.
You have a lovely taco.
Mystique is our local fusion of Nabiki and Akane, so she's our Nakane.
She agrees.
Yeah, you guys are starting to scare the living shit out of me right now.
That's alright.
Good.
God dammit.
Wait, you just tuned in, didn't you?
Yes, I just tuned in and got rick rolled. I'm like, what the hell?
I just want to say, this show, like, yeah.
This show has been awesome.
I've been doing backflips over the shark all evening.
It has much more Dan than any other show has ever had.
I mean, really, I'm on the road with...
And the promise of Orange on the Road with Mad Libs.
I'm on the road with DDR Darla Bill. We're coming back from somewhere.
And I get a text from Gio saying that her boobs got nicknames now.
I'm fiddling with my phone, trying to get the stream to work with no avail.
You're trying to get the stream to work.
You know, they make some medicines.
Stop it. Stop it right now.
Rama, I'm so sorry for Dan.
He's met Dan before.
Yes, I have.
He slept at my house.
Dude, Dan just pitched Pikachu.
Can we ask what Rama...
I've met Rama before too.
Yes.
Can we ask Rama why he called in tonight?
We all know Rama.
Instead of consistently derailing this call.
Yes, Rama?
I didn't have much to contribute except for the fact that DJ Hero bundles are now 40 bucks at Best Buy.
Sweet.
Now they'll sell a million more.
I went online earlier this morning and ordered mine.
And I went to check other places because it seems that Kmart was the first one to do when I was trying to get a price match.
But Best Buy has it.
But I find it funny that GameStop is selling their bundles for $49.99 online only in stores still 100 bucks.
On related news to that.
This is a great example of how failed the PS3 is.
At Fry's, the Super Deluxe Logitech Guitar Hero controllers. The drum and the guitar. 50 bucks a piece.
Wow.
So I'm looking at that.
Are you serious?
Yes, because those are $200 controllers.
I'm looking at that and I'm like, if they have $360 ones, they're bought.
They are bought.
Find the $360 ones, they're still $200 bucks.
Because honestly, not for nothing, I would drop $200 bucks on the Logitech ones instead of buying the Mad Catz ones.
I don't care what anyone says. Mad Catz controllers and accessories are pieces of shit.
You don't say.
Frisbee in our chatroom says Toys R Us is at 40 bucks as well.
Their Street Fighter stakes are pretty nice.
I will say though guys, if you're at all interested in DJ Hero 2, now's the time to go get your controller.
Yeah.
And get practically a free DJ Hero 1 with it.
Yeah.
There you go. Yeah.
Yeah.
Or if you're smart, you buy two bundles and you trade them in one game.
I'm not smart.
I just went cross-eyed.
All right.
Rama, thanks so much for your call, buddy.
Anything else you want to share quickly tonight?
No, that's it.
All right. Bye.
Peace.
All right.
All right.
I think that's going to do it for phone calls tonight, guys.
We got to wrap up.
I'm glad Rama called.
I was hoping for him to call.
I'm looking at Baby.
Apparently he wasn't really listening most of the night.
Baby.
Baby.
Baby.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry.
Do we have any last minutes?
Baby.
Loki's Baby, I know.
Baby.
You can post that in chat.
It's a public blog.
Okay.
Yeah.
It is adorable.
Actually, I think a picture of Nellie and Baby is on orangelaundry.com.
Like in the little flicker thingy at the top.
I think so.
Yeah.
So check it out if you want to see the Baby.
All right.
That's going to do it.
That looks like a baby.
We're wrapping up tonight's show.
Do we have any last minute stories?
Any last minute video game news stories you wanted to talk about?
Not really.
Dan?
I like video games.
I know.
But, you know, are we doing an after birth raw?
Because we really don't do cage match or anything.
We'll do a quick after birth.
Okay.
All right.
It'll be more of a still birth.
All right.
I will take four chat room FUs.
All right.
How's that?
Fus.
But we got to wrap up the actual podcast part of the show.
That's it.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Good night.
I have to go around the room, though, and say before I got to say goodbye to our guests.
Misty, thank you so much for being here.
We hope it was fun.
You picked a hell of a show to attend, I got to say.
Any episode would have been more epic with me visiting.
And she's so humble.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, you have a safe trip back, and we'll come back again soon.
See us real soon.
All right.
We're canceling the show because you're not here next week.
Just so you know.
Oh, that's the reason.
So all the listeners that are upset there's no show next week, you need to blame Misty.
Hey, you told me how to start a show, so it's happening.
Dan, the man.
Oh, actually, I got to say, before we go to Dan, Misty, do you have any final thoughts
for our listeners tonight?
If I had to pick a theme song for this week, it would probably be the Nickelback song,
Burn It to the Ground.
Nickelback is not allowed to be associated with this program.
That's what I tried to tell her.
Shut the hell up.
All right.
You should hope.
How many times am I going to tell you that?
Dan.
Oh, I'll do Mystique.
All right.
Mystique, thank you for, I don't know really what you did here tonight, but thank you for
the tacos, actually.
They were amazing.
I told you I was going to give you some of my meat.
All right.
It was delicious.
Mystique, do you have anything you want to say to listeners?
Any final thoughts?
If you want to marry me, you better fork over something valuable.
There you go.
I got a dollar.
All right.
Dan, sir, thank you so much for being on the show tonight.
Orange Lounge Radio, starring Dan.
Despite all the bashing and fun making fun of you, you've been hilarious tonight.
You've been making fun of me.
I mean-
Sounds like you're opposing me, Rob.
No, I'm not opposing you.
I already told you what happened to people who oppose me.
But you've actually been hilarious, and I know the listeners love you.
So thank you very much for being here tonight.
That's what I do.
We'll maybe see you again in a couple weeks.
Apparently I'll be back in two weeks.
Apparently.
It depends on Matt.
I don't know what's going to happen.
So we'll see.
But even if-
As long as there's no Matt and I have nothing better to do-
Even if Matt is here-
I'll be back.
Even if Matt is here, I'm sure we would all love it if you'd at least drop in.
Kind of do the Mystique thing.
Run in the room, say something, and run away.
I just like sitting at my own desk.
All right.
It's good, isn't it?
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight, Dan?
No, not really.
Okay.
People from Sweden sound funny.
All right.
And it's like, really?
Old news.
That was awesome.
Totally old news.
All right.
I'll save Dark Sakura for last, because she likes to have the final, final word.
My final thought is, I don't know what my final thought is.
I just, I'm in a better mood now than I was when I got here.
You have a hot dog twitched your boobs.
I do.
I have a hot dog shirt on.
And that's it.
Dark Sakura.
I won!
Thank you.
Thank you guys so much for checking out Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate you downloading and supporting independent radio.
Remember, if you like what you've heard, please tell two people about the show.
Help us spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
We're not attached to any big website.
We don't have millions of dollars to spend on advertising or have a gaming magazine to
support us.
Just help us spread the word.
We really appreciate it.
Have a wonderful two weeks.
We'll see you back in two weeks with an all new, unless, I don't know, maybe a pre-tape
will happen, but I want to get your hopes up.
So we'll see you...
Rob, unnecessary prefix.
You know what?
We'll...
Shut the hell up.
You know what?
This is my house.
Damn!
If you don't like it, you get the fuck out.
And on that note, we'll see you whenever we see you.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
