Okay, guys, quick- shut up!
I didn't intend for that to happen, I swear.
Alright.
That was- I got bullshit!
Shut up.
That was too good.
Alright, we gotta save part B, and in order to do that I have to stop the recording for
a minute and play some music, so we'll be right back in two minutes with the afterbirth,
and yes, right, Dan, there's even more show to go.
Sweet.
Alright, we'll be right back, guys.
It's the sticky part.
Ew.
My thoughts exactly- we'll be right back!
Okay.
Hi, we're back with the Orange Laundry afterbirth.
It's the part of the show that's too hot to podcast, and I really apologize that we don't
have a webcam anymore.
You guys missed it during the break there.
Dan was doing the lasso, Mystique was trying to white people dance.
I was white people dancing.
And it was pretty scary.
You were trying to...
I did the sprinkler.
It was fun.
You were trying to glow stick rave without glow sticks with the lights on.
That was a very ravy song.
It was fun.
I should have...
And meanwhile, I'm over here sitting...
I don't know these people.
I don't know these people.
I don't know these people.
Send me some confused!
You were kind of wagging your finger a little bit.
That was...
I was trying to get more viruses off the computer.
Dan, where's my treble?
He's in the closet with Rob.
Rob is not in the closet.
True that.
All right.
Usually, we would do the cage match right about now, but we don't have a cage match
right now because Loki ain't here, so...
They wouldn't let me pick a song.
But we will...
No, we will.
And they banned my idea of a song.
I would have been afraid of what Dan would pick for a song.
But we will do some FUs.
Do we get sufficient chat remains?
Six.
I thought you said four.
Well, I've been nice.
I like even numbers, Rob.
You're never nice.
Play your music!
She's trying to confuse people.
The first one is Heihachi Tsundoshi, who's also...
Mike's out, FU to the mic.
Heihachi Tsundoshi, who's also Alpha Kinanagram, FU to Hatsune Miku, Project Diva, second
for not including the song Faraway by, is it Kizz or KZ, my favorite song from Diva
One, yet including the level stage elements in edit mode.
Maybe it's a special unlock.
Dan, have you ever played Project Diva?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Miku.
I can't have the game I would play if I still had a PSP.
That makes me want to kill you.
Ranma, FU to my friend's husband.
Be thankful I didn't slap you out at Otacon last weekend, you ungrateful piece of trash.
Yeah, fuck that guy!
You should get on the knees and worship that woman because she does a lot more than you
think.
And also stop blowing your paycheck on frivolous shit and take care of your kids.
Dude, seriously.
GJBlazeKid, FU to Westroads Mall Arcade for fixing everything else but in the groove.
Toygak.
Can't fix a broken game.
I'm terrible.
FU to my computer for being the slowest piece of crap ever.
I will smash you to the ground if you don't shape up Toygak's computer.
Thanks for scaring my computer.
Yeah, fuck that computer!
FU to you, you demanding wench, you heart.
Yeah, fuck that wench.
You know what, Patty, that was amazingly hot.
I can't stop thinking about you now.
I have no idea what happened.
Last one, MA says to my FU for getting jury duty.
At least I was able to request a postponement because of school is coming up.
Dan just got a look on his face like, oh fuck.
I think I had jury duty this week.
Fuck jury duty!
Fuck it right in the ear!
You do have jury duty?
Fuck it with something hard and sandpaper.
You do have jury duty?
I don't know.
You might want to find out.
You kind of like have to go.
Well I don't know.
Or you call them and tell them you have severe diarrhea and you can't do it.
I have to call in.
Tell them you have, tell them that you've died of dysentery.
Tell them you were in the fucking hospital last week.
Oh my god.
I can't believe we could have probably do it.
Oh it wasn't last week.
I think it's this week.
Like starting tomorrow.
Shit.
So you better call in.
Thanks for fucking with my wife.
Look at this.
Who's telling me what I already knew.
Fuck her!
I thought that was kind of the point.
That's what got you in trouble.
I like mustard on my French fries.
What the hell is happening to this person?
You know what the show needs more of?
Structure?
I swear to god if she put on that Vuvuzela thing I was gonna throw her phone in the toilet.
Me too.
What?
Nothing.
Why did I forget my favorite?
What are you talking about, the Vuvuzela?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Don't do it.
I'll unplug your mic.
She's doing it.
What did you grab me for?
She wanted me.
Do you have any idea what's happening here?
For your information, Dan, four square, bitch.
Vuvuzela?
I forgot to check in because I want to become the mayor of the house.
You're never gonna be the mayor of the house, Rob.
I check in every day.
Yes, I'm the mayor of Walgreens.
We went right by the Walgreens near my house and I said, I should check in here.
Rob is the mayor.
Rob lives nowhere near the damn Walgreens by the house, yet Rob is the mayor of Walgreens.
Don't feel bad.
I'm the mayor.
How does this happen?
Don't feel bad.
I'm the mayor of the Walgreens across from my work.
And naturally my work.
I'm the mayor of a Chinese restaurant over by my house.
Aren't you the mayor of Kaushwitz?
I got dethroned as the mayor of Kaushwitz, which pissed me off.
Actually no, Melody was the mayor of Kaushwitz and I was the mayor of near the stinky cows
on I-5.
That's right.
That's right.
And let's see, what else am I the mayor of?
I'm the mayor of one other place and I can't remember what it is.
Walgreens.
No, it's not Walgreens.
I'm the mayor of Walgreens, the Chinese restaurant and one other place.
I can't remember.
Another Walgreens.
I was the...
Hold on.
Rob, you should create a...
I'm not the mayor of Taco Bell.
You should create a place that calls the chair in Jamie's house.
The chair at Jamie's house.
I will let you be the mayor of the chair.
Practically in the closet at Jamie's house.
In the closet at Jamie's house.
That's right.
The fabulous OLR Studios.
My grandma in our chat room says Rob is the fabulous mayor of Walgreens.
Fabulous.
Am I really that gay, you guys?
Come on.
You are wearing a shirt with a hot dog on it.
No, no, no.
It's not just a shirt with a hot dog on it.
It has a rainbow too.
It does.
It does.
You should take a picture of my shirt, but I just don't want my fat old gut to be out
there.
It just needs glitter to make it complete.
Hold on.
I'm trying to see where I'm the mayor.
I'm the mayor of three places.
Jack in the box.
Jack in the box.
Jack in the box.
Jack in the box.
Yes.
A week ago, Jack in the Box sent out the most amazing coupon sheet.
It had all sorts of cool freebies on it.
Rob totally made the peewee Herman face.
Okay.
Um, let's see.
Oh, I'm checking in.
Hold on.
Places.
And I gotta be careful how I do this.
I don't want to tell the listeners where you live.
This is so too hot for the podcast.
Exactly.
I know, right?
This is amazing radio right now.
Okay.
Oops.
As Rob plays with this iPhone.
Live!
On the air.
Amy is the mayor, let's see, check in here.
Fuck yes, I'm the mayor.
You're the mayor of where?
This house.
Really?
Yes.
That's just pathetic.
At least on Foursquare.
I just had to check to make sure my zipper was up when she took the...
All Games Radio is switching between its live and on-demand feed.
This may take several moments.
All Games Radio is switching between its live and on-demand feed.
Tap dancing.
What happened?
I don't...
Be back.
All right.
Yeah, you've got hot dogs.
I have a pink roller skate on my shirt.
You do, we're free tonight.
I don't know how that happened.
I don't know how this stream came out.
Holly, you're tomorrow.
I didn't murder this stream.
Would you still remember me?
You know what we need to do?
You know what we need to do that we haven't done in forever and we'll do it tonight because
we don't have a cage match and we ended a little bit early tonight.
We're going to do Ask Orange Lounge.
Ooh!
Everyone.
Everyone.
Ooh.
Pretty good timing though.
Ah.
It is our master.
Ooh.
It decides who will go and who will stay.
You can ask us anything you want.
Within reason.
Ask Orange Lounge.
Type.
Message to Sky.
You can ask anything unreasonable, but we may not answer it.
That's right.
Ask.
Ask what color Misty's Undies are.
I'm going to do it.
She's wearing a ball.
I'm at Misty's to speak.
Because she'll tell you.
No.
I actually know.
All right.
Oh, really?
She's jacking.
I just slipped over.
Her panties were hanging out.
Hold on.
It was all for you, Rob.
I'm telling you.
Jamie's taking pictures.
What?
I can't even turn around.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
All hell breaks loose.
I'm making shit happen.
I've got girls taking their pants off.
No, fuck it.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Shit'd be crazy around here.
Dan, do it.
Rob.
It's not good.
It's fine as long as you don't see the cootie on there.
It's Misty.
It's Misty and Misty being on the cootie at the same time.
Do not put that on the Internet.
I would not put that on the Internet.
I'm putting it on the Internet.
I'm putting it on the Internet.
Dude, don't get our flicker taken away.
Look, stars.
It's just under us.
It's not like she's going beaver.
Now I want to watch Roger Rabbit.
Can we do...
Are you ready?
Ask O.L.R.
All right.
Ask O.L.R.
We got...
Look, every little red screen right there is a question.
So we got a lot of questions.
We want to see the picture of Misty's panties.
I'm seriously crying.
All right.
Ronma says, I demand a fucking web camera.
All right.
Can we go?
Can we go?
Yeah.
Top shit, Ronma.
All right.
Here we go.
Sing a song.
Can you help me out, Dan?
All right, guys.
I'm looking at the screen.
Let's ask O.L.R.
Some stupid question.
What will we find out tonight on O.L.R.
Radio?
Will we find out the color of Misty's panties?
Yes.
I deeply wish I had a lyric sheet because I want to sing that song.
I'm done.
O.L.R. radio song.
That's like if we're trying to sing about some chick's panties.
It is very fun.
I had a good time.
Exactly.
Singing the song with you.
The greatest thing is this part isn't recorded.
Oh.
Oh.
I want to listen to this again later.
Actually, I do have a recording running.
I usually just throw this out, but tonight I might save it.
You should save it for the DVD that we're never going to do.
The DVD we're never going to do.
We will do the DVD.
Free with every t-shirt.
We will do the DVD.
It's a DVD of a radio show.
If we ever get the damn shirts out.
It's just not what it's like.
Goldanthro asks, what color are Misty's underwear?
They are blue with stars on them.
Stars and moons.
But no pink diamonds or horseshoes.
Or Pikachu's.
DJ Blazkin asks, what was your first Bamani experience?
I'm going to defer this question to Dan.
What was your first Bamani experience?
Uh, I guess it would have been what?
Me bringing that burn over.
No, I mean, it was in the arcade for sure.
No, we had the-
Down in Milpitas.
That's, no, it was at Disneyland.
No, no, it was before that.
We played DDR in 99 when they were first coming out in California.
It was early.
I remember though, pretty early on, I imported the Dreamcast version for Jamie.
And that was probably the only version of DDR that I really bothered to play.
And then Julie bought a second dance pad, which I probably stole from her and never
gave back.
No, he's not kidding.
It's in the box.
We still have it in the box.
So yeah.
And if you ask her about it, she'll probably say, oh, I should get that back from you.
My first Bamani experience where I really enjoyed it was Guitar Freaks at Milpitas.
Which George got me to play because George was like, no, no, no, it's cool.
You'll like this.
And I was like, fuck that game.
I'm going to play Street Fighter.
And he was like, no, man, you got to try Guitar Freaks.
And I played Guitar Freaks.
And Guitar Freaks at first was the greatest Bamani game because you could suck at it,
but it didn't hack you too hard.
Like you could barely pass.
And it was like, that was the best song ever.
You kick ass.
And I'm like, I love this game.
It makes me feel good about myself.
Then like the third or fourth mix came out and it got blisteringly hard.
And I was like, all right, I can play Welcome to the Jungle.
And it's like, fuck you, you lose.
And I'm like, I paid for this.
That's what you pay Bamani games to do.
Make fun of you.
I hate that.
All right.
Rama asks, Sky, how fabulous are you?
Why?
I will, I will defer to the, to the others in studio.
How fabulous am I?
To quote Ulala in a paraphrase, you are fab-u-less.
Hot dog.
Misty?
Boom shakalaka.
I'm not quite sure, brilliant comes to mind though.
Jaguar!
Jaguar!
Jaguar!
SSJ wonder mat asks, how did Dan propose to Jamie?
Did you propose?
Even I know this story.
If you guys, if I know this story and you two don't.
We just more like decided that we were going to do it.
I think it had something to do with pro wrestling.
No, no, no, no, no.
We were watching, we were watching UHF.
Was it UHF?
On Valentine's day.
We were watching something and there was a lot of sex involved.
And Jamie got to drink from the fire hose.
Just so you know.
Yuck.
No, but we were drinking, we were, no, this is how you knew that one day your wife would
be Jewish.
Cause we were drinking Manischewitz.
I fucking didn't know you were going to be Jewish.
I still barely, I still barely, I still don't even want to realize that.
Mazel tov!
Mazel tov!
I'm going to get seven days of presents.
All right.
Yeah.
Pencils and erasers.
I love pencils and erasers.
Dan is a real humanitarian.
He tries to see the good in everything.
Yes.
My wife's going to be Jewish.
Eight days of presents!
Eight days of presents!
Yay!
Two Christmases!
I just, I just, just now see the irony in the present.
The proposed, the, the sort of co-decision to get married over Manischewitz.
All right.
Also, S2100Matt asks, when are you all coming to New York City?
New York City?
To get a rope.
When I ain't a broke ass.
When Sister Act is on Broadway.
Yeah.
I need to accumulate some money before I can come crush.
When someone invites me for free.
I've never been to New York.
I have.
It's fun.
It's, it's pretty fantastic.
I love New York.
Especially when I'm over that flank.
This is how long ago, this is how long ago was it?
I went to New York.
Um, there were still these really two large buildings and one of them had a hole in it.
There are so many ways to die in New York City.
Thank you, Dennis Leary.
All right.
But, Rob, does that date when I went?
Start spreading the news.
Well, I've already been to Chicago, so.
I love New York.
I have the best nights out in New York City.
You know why?
Because it's never end.
I want to go to New York with Rob.
We will have the best time.
We're going to go to Broadway.
Broadway.
Next question.
We're going to go see Mama Beyond Broadway, can't we?
Yeah.
We can make OLRG finally happen and it can happen in New York.
Giove Dea is asking quite a few questions here.
Some of them have already been asked.
Uh, we'll start here.
If you had Lady Tata's, what would their names be?
Ooh, Dan.
Hey, maybe, maybe that could be Lady Gaga's sidekick, Lady Tata.
Instead of Chibi Moon, it's-
Dr. Evil and Professor Chaos.
I think mine would have, well, on that note, then I would have to name one Alejandro and
the other one, I don't know.
Enrique.
Polka Face.
Ricky Martin.
Ricky Martin.
Yeah, Ricky Martin and Alejandro.
All right.
And Giove Dea wants to know, Rob, will you be my gay boyfriend?
Have you, have we ever played that song on the show before?
Do you have a lot of money?
Uh, when it comes to being, uh, uh, the, the hag gay relationship, I am Polly.
So I, yes.
Pollyanna?
And easy.
All right.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, your hags love you.
And I love my hags and they're fun bags.
All right.
Dark Tetsuya says, since there probably won't be a show, can we finally run the best of
next week?
If I'm not too lazy to upload it to the all game server?
Sure.
No, I'll just get, just get on me about that midweek and I'll make sure it happens.
Uh, Toa Gak asks, oh, a game question.
What is that?
A video game question?
I thought he was going to ask me what color undies I was wearing.
All right, here we go.
Toa Gak asks, would you rather have a game with an amazing storyline, but last gen graphics
or amazing graphics and a poor storyline?
I would go with, with amazing storyline.
Like cease to mean anything after your first few hours of playing the game.
So the storyline is pretty much fine.
Are you comparing panties?
What is going on over there?
Take off your shirts.
Oh God, she did it.
Shit's getting crazy up in here.
Where's the malt liquor?
That's not my panties I was talking about.
By the way, very nice.
Malte liquor doesn't burn.
All right.
Um, I would say actually I want amazing graphics and poor storyline because you know, the spanking
game has no storyline whatsoever and that sounds better than anything else.
So what's the nice question I'm getting to it.
I'm getting to it.
Uh, Toa Gak also asked, why are there so many nicknames for boobs, boobs, knockers, tits,
fun bags, et cetera.
Um, jumblies.
Why not?
Well, how come so many-
Because breasts sound so formal.
People do stupid shit like name their car, so why not?
How come there's a song that talks about the many names of a penis?
Monty Python did it.
Halliwhacker.
Isn't it awful nice to have a penis?
Isn't it awfully good to have a dong?
Your piece of pork, your wife's best friend, your pussy or your cock.
You can wrap it up in riddance, you can stick it in your sock.
Amaze Satsuma says, can you give me a job slash occupation for Mad Libs?
Jizz Mopper.
Actually, actually I prefer Kumbucket.
Erotic Engineer.
I like Kumbucket.
Frisbee, dear strong bad, how do you type with boxing gloves on your hands?
Wrong show.
That question was totally crappy.
That's it.
That was all the questions.
I have a question, Rob.
What?
Uh oh.
What the fuck are we on?
I don't know, but that's going to do it for Ask Orange Lounge.
All games radio.
Who said we need to be on anything?
I'm not even on Bikin' It.
That's all the time we have for Ask Orange Lounge.
We hope you learn something tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
All the women wear blue underwear.
That's all I learned.
And now I'm scarred for the rest of the night.
Good for you.
P.S. Jizz Mopper.
All right, Rama's asking a serious question.
Actually, this is a serious question.
Uh oh.
Downer.
All right, Rama say- Thanks, Rama.
Serious question.
We can't get a serious question.
I don't think I've ever told this on a show.
Are we really going to do this?
Sure, why not?
Do it.
Rama says, when did you come out of the closet and how did your family take it?
Dan, do you want to answer this?
They knew when I was young.
No, in Dan's case, when they finally removed the deadbolt and he came out blinking into
the sunlight for the first time in 13 years.
They were all surprisingly accepting.
Here's the deal.
Here's the deal.
My mom asked me for like three months straight every day, are you gay?
Are you gay?
Are you gay?
And like, it kind of got annoying.
Like I was like, cause this is what it was.
I didn't like the fact, you know, cause I had a tough time in high school cause I
got called fag and all that stuff a lot in high school and I didn't really like it.
And I didn't really know I was gay then cause I was just trying to be normal.
You know, have a girlfriend and you know, this is how we roll.
You know, I'm, I'm a hot stud playing the clarinet in the marching band, right?
So you know, and trying to do that whole thing, I didn't really want to admit I was gay because
I didn't want all those people to be right.
But then when I kind of realized I was gay, like I, that was one of the first things I
had to conquer.
So when my mom joined in on it, I really didn't appreciate it.
Probably one day it actually kind of exploded in a, yes, are you happy?
Now leave me alone.
And she ran off to her room to cry for the rest of the day.
But here's why she did it.
I found this out years later.
I had some friends over one night and she actually overheard one of my lady friends
at the time, um, I almost said her name, but I guess I shouldn't, on the phone, uh, talking
to her mom and she overheard her say to her mom, no, don't worry.
They're all gay guys.
It's going to be fine.
So my mom actually found out because of my loud mouth female friend.
So she knew that whole time.
She just wanted me to tell her bitches.
All right.
But then the next day she came out with her eyes all puffy and you know, she's like, I
just want you to know I still love you.
And I've known since you were four.
And I'm like, how do you know when I didn't know until I was like 17, how do you know
when you're four?
Because mothers always, we had a kid in my family, you know, but my, my eldest cousin
who was gay and I never, you know, I never put two and two into it.
It was just, he was who he was, but my folks and people in my family were always like,
we knew from the time he was a young, young boy that he was gay.
I just, I always, there's a part of me that doesn't like that though, because it insinuates
that being gay, you act a certain way.
And I don't think that's true.
As I sit here on my legs crossed tapping on the table, but there's not like you can't,
okay.
You can't act gay if you're straight, you can't act straight if you're gay.
But what is straight acting and gay acting?
There's not, you know, you know what I'm talking about.
You fucking know what I'm talking about.
I do, but I understand I'm not trying to perpetuate the stereotype or anything, but like I looked
at Rob when I first met you and I was like, wow, and you're not wearing like feather boas
and shit.
I didn't come in and go, hi Dan, Dan's gaydar has improved because I wasn't threatening.
I was probably, I probably had my arm around Jamie and we were skipping and Dan was like,
somehow this is not threatening to me.
Dan knows that I have complete and utter devotion to the gays, the truth is, you know, I realize
that any who oppose me can be summarily dealt with.
All right.
Do you know if I told my mom about that I had a girlfriend before?
Really?
You know what she said?
What?
I don't need to hear that.
Yeah, me either.
You do?
All right.
Well, here's the, here's the other thing that's important because my mom said, and this is
very important, important part of the story is my mom said, I called your grandma and
I told her, I'm like, why are you telling everybody?
She's like, no, I want you to know what your grandma said, because it meant a lot.
I told your grandma that you were gay and I'm like, what'd she say?
And my grandma said, so what?
So rest in peace, grandma Shaw.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, um, Dan, I do miss your cousin because I got along really well with your
cousin.
Uh, lastly, God, it's like the all gay OLR DJ Blaiskin asks, what do you think about
prop eight being put in the fire?
Um, obviously, obviously it needed to happen and it's a good thing.
But the thing is, is that, you know, because of the way it happened, that there are people
out there who do still want to fight it.
It's not over.
I just, I would, there's a part of me that really hopes the stay gets lifted, but honestly
this issue just isn't over until the Supreme court decides on it.
And I am a little nervous about the Supreme court decides, are we going to take away next?
I just hope that history and things that happened in, you know, loving V Virginia and some of
these other things that happened in the past will kind of set the presidents for overturning
property at the Supreme court level.
But I worry there's unfortunately that many ignoramus people in the world who for whatever
reason want to have their say in my life.
The moment they bring the 14th amendment into it, you know, it becomes an even bigger issue.
And I kind of think that some of those pro prop eight people might actually have more
to fear if it goes to the, to the Supreme court, because then if, if this, they uphold
the ruling that, yes, this is unconstitutional, that's national precedent.
National precedent.
There's a bunch of scared ass insecure fuckers.
I know.
It's just like, what I assure you, I don't want to have my wedding in a church and I
am not going to sue any church that doesn't want to have my wedding because I'm not, well,
I just, people can do whatever they want to do.
No, here's what I have to do, whatever you want to do.
Let me do what I want to do here, Rob.
Here's what I have to say.
What is it?
Okay.
If you know, the, the fundamental Christians want to use Leviticus as their standing point
for saying, you know, which is actually in Jewish law, man shall not lay with another
man like a woman.
That just means that I guess you can't have boobs or something.
Um, but anyway, if, if the Christians want to use Leviticus, they also have to keep kosher
and grow out their beards and wear tall black hats like the Hasidic do.
I put the fun in fundamentalist.
Well it's not even, here's the thing, quote the Bible all you want or any religious text,
but there's like an amendment in the constitution that says freedom of religion, meaning I am
free of your religion.
Well see, and that's, that's my other point.
I mean, my point is that if they're trying to use, if they're trying to use a law when
they admittedly don't follow the laws themselves, then that's just being hypocritical.
Here's the end of the thing.
I am encouraged by the fact that folks our age, and I see a lot of people in chat going,
I have a gay friend who cares.
I don't care.
You know, and that, that seems to be the attitude of most 18 to 35 year olds in this day and
age.
They just need to vote.
So the good news is when we're the old farts on the Supreme Court making the decisions,
this will be over.
Yeah.
We're just going to have to wait for the ignorant people to pass on.
Well, I mean, if you, if you take a look at the civil rights movement, the 14th amendment
passed a hundred years before Brown versus the Board of Education and the, and the Montgomery
boycott, the Montgomery bus boycott with Rosa Parks.
And so how many of us our age look back on that and go, God, they were so dumb.
Like what was the big fucking deal?
Like when, right.
Yeah.
But when the Plessy case went, there's people who were old, old, you know, were young at
that time who disagreed, who were older at that time and voted in the new way.
That's you're exactly right.
Our history is teaching us right now that eventually all of those people with the big
stick up their ass are going to be dead.
And guess who gets to step in?
So even if I'm not around to see it, I know someday it will change.
And that's that.
We'll be able to marry Pikachu.
But you know, if anyone is still listening, is anyone still listening?
Yeah, we actually have a few people still listening believe it or not.
I'm just saying if anyone is still listening, make sure that when the opportunity comes
up for you to vote and important issues like this, that you do it because I was watching
the voter turnout during the whole Prop 8 thing and I was completely dismayed.
They were, we were really relying on, you know, the Berkeley area and you know, the
voter turnout was only something like 52% and it could have completely turned the whole
thing because the vote was 52 to 49.
Just if the rest of the voting population had put in the effort, it wouldn't have even
been an issue.
So, I'm just saying.
This was a very interesting election year though, because either way the tide had gone,
you were going to have a minority in the White House.
Either you had a racial minority or you had the sexual minority.
You would have had one crazy ass fucking woman in the White House, but you would have had
a woman in the White House, you know?
You know what, you know what, I think my problem with Hillary is that she, uh,
No, I don't.
I'm not talking to her.
I'm talking Sarah Palin.
Hillary doesn't win the primaries, but despite whatever, whatever happened, you would have
had a minority in the White House when we were there.
I thought, I thought it was two minorities right there, two minorities in one, and that's
going to be the bill.
This is what we need.
What we need, Rob, is a Jewish black woman.
What we need is just someone who's not a dick.
Like that's just all I want.
And I, I'm not going to get too political.
That means I'll never be president, because I put the dick in the dictator.
No, I, I, we need Renna.
We need Renna.
President cat.
That's right.
That's what we need.
President cat.
You will meow this mess.
All right.
Should we declare nuclear war?
Would you like to play a game?
Let's go to the fortune cookie message of the day.
This show is getting too deep.
I mean, this is just, this is supposed to be a haha funny show.
We sung the thing.
The segment's over.
Quit asking questions.
Yeah, but this is, this is erotic chat and gold shire.
Keep in mind.
This is what happens when geeks grow up.
Yep.
Guess what?
All you kids, you're going to read geek life, geek-life.com.
That guy from Sweden.
Here.
Here it is.
Your fortune.
I think he is our age.
Here's your fortune cookie message of the day kids.
That's a fucking leprechaun.
That's rock star shit.
The leprechaun is amazing.
I'll eat your dog and shine your shoes.
Fuck you.
I'm a leprechaun.
Magically delicious.
Yellow moons.
Pink hearts.
Fuck you.
I'll eat your dog and shine your shoes.
They'll eat your fucking dog.
They're not fucking around and they'll shine your shoes.
That's a complete 180.
I saw the movie leprechaun years back.
Awesome piece of film.
They eat your dog, but they'll shine your shoes.
One minute, the next minute.
You know what?
My dog's important to me because my dog licks, but a fucking leprechaun.
Whoever came up with that, by the way, fucking genius.
They are drunk.
They're mean.
They're green.
They got rotted teeth.
All they care about is money.
They're my agent.
I'll eat your dog and shine your shoes.
Fuck you.
I'm a spring.
They're wonderful little fucking creatures.
If you go outside when you leave here tonight, you fucking see a leprechaun.
You shoot that mother fucking thing.
You kill that dead.
You put that down.
That was Bob Saget, believe it or not.
That's crazy.
Isn't it?
Crazy.
Thank you guys so much for staying up late with us.
We really appreciate it.
I know I had fun tonight.
I hope you guys did too.
We'll see you back here in two weeks.
This is the end of our broadcast day here at All Games Radio, but stay tuned.
There's lots of other great shows coming your way, including Dead Pixel.
What's that show?
Dead Pixel Live.
No, we like them.
Derek's cool.
He put on the big battle.
He's a good guy.
Works hard.
We'll be back at four o'clock Pacific, seven o'clock Eastern tomorrow.
Spooky Hour, Horror Hour, lots of other good stuff coming up through All Games Radio.
We hope you enjoy tonight's show.
Support the station.
Have a great two weeks, everybody.
Have a great night.
We'll see you guys in the next one.
Bye.
