Hi everybody, it's Rob Roberts again here at E3 for a little special show for our feed
here.
Rob Roberts and Pals at E3.
It's the Wednesday edition or the second day of E3 although that's somewhat of a fib because
it's technically Thursday right now as we tape this.
It's after 1230 in the morning so it's even later than we taped last night but you'll
notice my voice at least is doing a little better today so that's a good thing.
So I hopefully won't be straining as bad as I was yesterday.
Anyhow, let's get right into the show and talk about some of the things we saw today.
We don't have a lot of news for you guys or anything because I'm sure a lot of you guys
have been reading the different websites.
We talked a lot about what the press conferences were all about yesterday but we just want
to tell you about our perspective on some of the things we tried and some of the things
we got our hands on.
I know a lot of our listeners have come to want to know what we think of some of the
games we get to get our hands on.
So I'll tell you a little bit about my experience in a little bit but we want to catch up with
definitely a pal of Orange Lounge Radio, somebody who's been a supporter of our show for a very
long time.
We try to support him too.
The one and only, straight out of Atlanta, Bobby Blackwolf is here.
Woooo, that's me.
How you doing?
So I wasn't able to be a part of the show last night because I was getting drunk and
attempting to Rick Roll the entire Bethesda party and failed.
It was very terrible.
It was the low point of my E3 when they turned off the karaoke at 1am and I was one step
the song away from Rick Rolling everybody.
That's my biggest disappointment of E3.
But I do have to throw this in though.
He may not have gotten to Rick Roll everybody but if you do want to see his awesome Night
of Fire routine, it's like all over Twitter right now so check that out.
Yeah, we're getting to that.
I do want to say that I was a part of the Activision saying, hey we didn't have to pay
that bonus to Infinity Ward, let's throw a party event, which was, you've probably read
about it and seen it, it's the 6 million dollar party they threw in the Staples Center on
Monday night showcasing just four games, DJ Hero 2, Guitar Hero, Warriors of Rock, True
Crime Hong Kong, and Call of Duty Black Ops with some cheap performers like Usher and
Jane's Addiction and Soundgarden and this guy named Eminem with Rihanna and a stripper.
I love Eminem's.
Yes, I only want the red and black ones.
But the highlight obviously was the pole dancer, I'm not going to say stripper because she
didn't strip, but the pole dancer, they lowered a pole from the rafters of the Staples Center
and she literally went probably about halfway up, which is like to the club seats on this
pole and hanging upside down and all that stuff, she stole the show.
So yeah, 6 million dollars and on top of that they gave us free beer.
Well clearly they had to bring in a pole dancer because the video game industry is so dominated
by women and gay men.
Exactly, but to me that was the biggest F you to the former Infinity Ward guys because
that was probably their bonus that they spent.
But hey, let me tell you guys this, you have never witnessed a video game trailer until
you see it with full pyrotechnics all around you.
The Call of Duty trailer is the same one you've probably seen online except they decided that
it was going to, instead of the music being canned, they actually did have a full orchestra
down in the pit playing the music for the trailer because the conductor was up on stage
and I'm like, what is he conducting?
Oh, there's an orchestra down there because that was far in the back.
And then like halfway through, you know, just one big pyrotechnic like with explosion on
the screen, pyrotechnics went around and I was like, oh that's cool, they did some pyrotechnics.
And then every explosion for the rest of the trailer had either pyrotechnics or firecrackers
from the top and that was the way to experience a trailer.
I'm still not going to play Call of Duty Black Ops.
Is it possible that maybe they didn't just do it as like kind of like, you know, spend
all that bonus money that, you know, they were supposed to pay out but that maybe they
sold the booth on eBay as well because I noticed their booth is nowhere to be found.
So I think maybe they sold all the parts of the booth and that may be paid for like the
Dom Pérignon that Eminem needed backstage.
Yeah, probably.
They do have a presence.
I mean they've got a place.
They've got some meeting rooms.
Basically what they're doing is that, you know, by appointment you can go in and basically
they have these little rooms where you get a 30-minute demo of the game and sometimes
hands-on and that's where they're showing all their games.
But it's by appointment only and they like it a lot better because it's not as hectic
and loud and stuff.
So I did get to actually go in and see Guitar Hero, Warriors of Rock.
I have not been able to see Rock Band yet so don't ask me which one's better.
But you know, kind of going into games and this is, you know, this was actually one of
the most recent things I saw as well.
It's Guitar Hero but they showed us the Quest Mode which is, it's not Career Mode, it's
Quest Mode now and it actually brings a little bit of, you know, it gives you a different
reason to go through the song list other than I want to unlock all these songs.
And then they showed the Quick Play Plus Mode which to me kind of scratched my eye because
they said, yeah, we added so much stuff we couldn't call it Quick Play.
If you've played Guitar Hero 5 or Band Hero, you know about those challenges.
That's what they added to Quick Play was all those challenges and you can also compete
against the score of a friend kind of like in Geometry Wars where you can select a friend's
score off of the leaderboard and then it will show you how close you are to his score.
And then you can send him a message on Xbox Live making fun of him because you just beat
his score.
Will I be able to spam his Twitter and his Facebook and everything else too?
No, I think it is just OS, they've said it was just OS messages.
So it's, you know, you receive an Xbox Live message, kind of like what I get from Spazinator
in some games that, you know, he beat my high score in something.
Or the ones I love is that, you know, so and so wants to play Modern Warfare 2 with you
and I'm like, okay, do you listen to OLR?
Like I just, no disrespect to those games.
I understand why they have an audience and so forth, but it's just out of the literally,
and especially being at this show this year, literally hundreds of games that are available
to play that's just not, you know, high in my queue, you know, but it's just funny that
I get those invites once in a while.
So yeah, so that's Guitar Hero.
The one you were referencing earlier that I've played was Dance Masters from Konami
which broke my Kinect virginity because unfortunately, see what I've been doing, I've been working
with E3coverage.com and we do a lot of interviews and stuff.
So when we go into appointments, it's not really about for, you know, for game tactics,
for Justin Lee who's the editor of Game Tactics, it's not really about seeing the games, it's
about getting the interviews.
So we had an hour long Microsoft appointment and didn't see a single game because they
brought in like, since it's also a Canadian site, they brought up like the Xbox Live manager
for Canada and we interviewed him, the hardware manager for Canada and some, you know, basically
a lot of, you know, and you know, general people about Xbox in Canada and that was the
entire hour was standing up there.
So I didn't get to really play Kinect except in the Konami booth and I'm a sea dancer is
what it said.
Now one thing I do want to say about it is the menu system, this is what kind of threw
me a little bit, there might be a learning curve for some people because in the menu
system for at least Dance Masters which is a third party game, so maybe Microsoft has
it better, it's very sensitive to your movements.
So basically you do the minority report type of thing like, you know, let's, what happened
to us is, you know, selecting the difficulty level between light and standard and to hit
okay in Dance Masters, you have to put your hand up and then to the right and then, you
know, kind of to touch the okay thing that's at the top right of the screen.
Well when I had done it, I had said, okay, we're going to do standard and when I moved
my arm up and it's kind of funny, I'm doing this hand motion, I know you can't see it
but it's so I can explain it, you're supposed to move your hand up and then to the right.
Well when I moved it up, I didn't exactly move it straight up, I went a little bit to
the right and as I did that, it moved down to light and then but I had already started
the motion of hitting okay.
So it's going to take a little bit of getting used to, you have to be a little bit more
precise than you think and they're going to sit there and say, there's no learning curve
but I think there might be for some people.
Well, you know, I had a little hands on time with Dance Masters today too and, you know,
I played a song on there too and was going through the menu and what kind of threw me
was that, you know, Natala is supposed to be this whole, you're just going to hold up
your hand and wave it around and as you wave it around, you'll be able to select the songs
or, you know, whatever it is, change the channels, you know, but I found as I was going through
this Dance Masters, it was like, okay, to choose a number of players, you're going to
kind of, you know, put your hand up and then you're going to put it over to the right and
then it was like, okay, change the difficulty, you're going to kind of reach around to left,
it's like, you know, you put your right hand in, you put your right hand out, can I shake
it all about, okay, do the hokey pokey, turn yourself around, you know, it's like, oh my
gosh, like maybe it's just there's going to be a natural learning curve with all that
stuff and I'm being a little harsh but I was kind of like, gosh, I'm having to dance just
to get through the freaking menus on this game and, you know, I'm not really picking
on Dance Masters in that regard because it seems like even the other one I had played
the other day, Dance Central, maybe didn't have as complex menus because their demo version
was very tight and there wasn't a lot to pick from but, you know, it just seems like I'm
worried that in these Kinect games, it's going to be hard to navigate a lot of the menus
like it is in iToy. Yeah, I remember that, you know, where you have to like wave your
hand over the circle and stuff and yeah. So, but that's the only Kinect experience I've
had, I'm probably not going to be able to see Kinectimals or any of the other stuff.
I did touch PlayStation Move, you know, there was unfortunately we had to cancel our Sony
appointment for another interview with an exec and so that's what, so they cancelled
the Sony appointment but they do actually have some move games that are not required
to stand in a three hour line to get to. So I played Bowling, Brunswick Bowling and I
will say that the controller actually feels good in your hand, I mean it's, you know,
it feels a little bit better than holding a Wii remote to me but Bowling, I mean it's
kind of hard to see how more precise it is than like the Wii remote when you're playing
Bowling because that's such like the simplistic version and the Wii does a very good job Bowling
already. But no, it was really good to use and there was rumble in the controller and
everything so I really don't know what I can really say about it, I didn't get to play
the stuff they're really showing because I'd have to wait in a three hour line and I just
don't have three hours. Alright, well, you know, I know Shane and I have a whole list
of games we want to go over but Bobby since, you know, yesterday, between yesterday and
today are there any games that have kind of caught your eye that you want to, you know,
mention to the listenership right now? Okay, so here's one that, now, got to realize guys,
before I say this, last year my second favorite game of show was split second and I'm not
a fan of it now, now that it's out. So take this with a grain of salt because this might
be another one, Driver San Francisco, which was in Ubisoft, you know, yeah the Driver
games recently have been pretty bad, the ones that were by Atari or were published by Atari,
but they've kind of gone back to the roots of the first Driver which was actually pretty
good and the gameplay mechanic or gimmick or whatever you want to say in this was great.
Basically the storyline for it really quick because it makes no sense, they obviously
made the storyline to fit the gimmick rather than making the gimmick fit the storyline,
is that the character you play is in a coma. He doesn't realize he's in a coma, he just
thinks he has superpowers, but you're playing the entire game in his head and essentially
he's learned that his superpower in this coma that's in his head is that he can jump, he
can shift, that's the actual term in the game is shift, from car to car. So you can be driving
along in a car, hop out, all you do is you hit the A button, it goes to an aerial view
in this white light of God or whatever, and you can select another car, hit A, and then
you're immediately in that car driving around. So you basically can jump from car to car
and then in missions and stuff, the way you activate missions is you see a police chase
in progress, you can activate that mission, you can either shift into the police car or
into the getaway car and you can complete the mission that way. And you can even do
stuff like one of the missions I did had two cop cars chasing the runaway and I could switch
between the two cop cars just with the press of a button. And so if I kind of messed up
with one and crashed into a wall I could jump into the other one, the AI would take over
that car, get it back up, and you can do it that way. And then what they said is, okay,
you might not be able to catch them with the cop car so you can shift out. And there was
a big rig about three blocks down. I shifted into the big rig and did a head-on collision
and that completed the mission. And they also said it's online and yes, you can shift around
online so it's like online races and stuff are going to change a lot with this because
everybody is shifting into other cars and if you have enough, they didn't say exactly
like how you can build up the shift power or whatever, but you could actually shift
into one of the other people's cars and kick them out and they have to get another car.
So it's going to be interesting to see, I mean it was a great demo, just like Split
Second was, it's going to be interesting to see if it delivers in the final product.
Alright, I have to admit I've always had zero interest in the Driver series besides just
kind of like making fun of Driver 3, but that whole kind of play mechanic sounds really
interesting. What about like maybe one other game that's kind of caught your attention
over the past couple of days? Okay, well basically it's not really a game, the 3DS. I was able
to go out and get my hands on the 3DS and as I've said on my show, I am one of the 15%
of Americans that cannot see the 3D TV. I cannot see Avatar in 3D. Basically it looks
like a darker 2D to me. It's because of my eye problems. I had eye surgery when I was
3, so my doctor knows about it and there's really not much we can do about it. That being
said, if I turn the slider on the 3DS all the way up and hold it at an extremely specific
angle, I can see 3D in the 3DS. I can actually see it. They had a trailer of Metal Gear Solid,
or the Metal Gear game that's going to be on the 3DS and I was flinching as some of
the things were flying at me. Now the problem with this is that that's great for trailers
or watching a movie or whatever. I tried to play Star Fox on it in 3D and I realized how
much I move the unit when I'm playing. If I move it any little bit, it starts getting
to be double images because basically it's prisms and stuff. So essentially what would
happen is I would move it just a tiny bit and then it would start seeing double images
and stuff. So I just turned the slider down to 2D. But it's still great in 2D. It's
still a better looking system than the DS. The graphics are improved even in 2D. I might
not be playing the 3D stuff all that much, but the 3D actually does work with my eyes.
Whereas Avatar in the movie theater and my dad's new Panasonic 3D TV, I took my PS3
over and I couldn't see the 3D and my parents thought it was amazing. Nintendo got you there.
That's pretty cool though because you must have had that moment of like, whoa. Because
I think when everybody sees the 3DS for the first time, and we talked about this extensively
yesterday, but just to kind of recap, I kind of said, okay, yeah it's a little gimmicky,
but it's a damn impressive gimmick. It definitely has the games to back it up and you go back
to the golden rule of gaming, the system is only as good as the games that are on it.
You know there's tons of great games coming out for this thing and graphically it's an
upgrade. But all gimmicks, so and so aside, there's still that moment when you first see
it where you're just kind of like, whoa, it really is kind of 3D and I'm not wearing glasses.
That's kind of cool. I mean, surely you probably had kind of that similar thing, but even probably
like double or triple so because you probably were very skeptical about it. Well actually
the first time I tried it I was looking at the Resident Evil trailer and I didn't really
know how the system worked so I was just kind of sitting there looking at it and I'm like,
yeah I don't see the 3D because they actually have these women behind there, behind each
system to kind of talk you through it. And I couldn't see it in the Resident Evil because
it was all double vision. I didn't know about having to tilt the angle vertically kind of.
You know, I kind of had to tilt the screen to be a specific scene. It's different for
everybody's eyes. And they didn't tell me that so I was just like, I can't see the 3D,
it's all just double images to me. And then I went over back to our PR rep and I was like,
yeah I didn't see it and they're like, well try this because the Metal Gear trailer was
more popping than the Resident Evil one. It was more extreme. And one of the girls behind
there said, I'm blind in my left eye and I can see the 3D in this. And so she trained
me and said, you should try tilting it this way and doing that. And then basically it
was right at the beginning of the Metal Gear trailer, there's the Kojima Studios logo and
it flies at you. That was my flinch holy shit moment, was the Kojima Studios logo flying
at me because I had finally gotten it right at the right angle and the woman, she was
very nice, but she said, yeah I'm blind in my left eye but I can still see this. And
she kind of helped me get it to the right area. I'm almost blown away but that is amazing.
She's blind in one eye and she can see it. That is a trip. That is very, very cool. Well
Bobby, if you don't mind, I'm going to spend some time with Shane and talk about what we
talked about today, but we'll come back to you a little later and see if there's anything
you want to add. If you want to jump in, just let me know. We only have kind of one mic
we're passing around here. You know, a very ghetto little portable kit. So again, if the
sound quality is bugging you, I apologize. This is much, much different than the usual
Sunday setup with a Dark Soccer and Loki. I do really, really want to make sure I do
plug the one and only Bobby Blackwolf show though. I'm sure most people that are actually
taking the time to listen this far into this already know about his show, but if you don't,
he's on right before us live on Sunday nights at All Games Radio, 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock
Eastern. Check it out. Miklotov, Shane, how you doing? Barely awake. Well I'm sorry, I
know we're keeping you up very late, but did you have a good day at E3 today? Yeah, despite
the fact that it wasn't the day we played the 3DS. I think today was a little bit more
fun, so that's how E3 should go I guess. Alright, well Shane and I kind of made a list of everything
we either kind of spent a long time looking at and got a tour through, or you know, we
actually got some hands-on time and played, so you want to go through this list a little
bit Shane? Let's start off with a game that kind of really surprised me with how much
I liked it, DC Universe. What did you think about DC Universe, Shane? It was actually
very fun. The thing with DC Universe that I was skeptical about is it's yet another
superhero MMO. There seems to be a whole lot of those out there these days, but this one
was more action, and you don't really find that in MMOs. It's still the same sort of
World of Warcraft style, you target an enemy and then you stand around and you hit a button
and then you attack, and then you wait, and then you attack again. This one, I was flying
around, running around, jumping, bashing things in the head, freezing them. It was really
fun. Yeah, I loved the fact that it was a little more action-based, and the demo we
had to play was a PvP demo, and it was really cool. The guy that was demoing it was showing
us all these tricks, and I gotta say, you know, it was kind of like Phantasy Star Online,
but on speed to me, because when I think action MMOs, there's not a lot I've really played
except for Phantasy Star Online and Phantasy Star Universe, but it was kind of like that,
but really fast-paced, and then kind of with that Warcraft twist where you do have bars
full of spells and things that you could use. So I'm curious to see kind of what the single-player
mode looks like. I will tell you one little tidbit we picked up on, though. I don't know
if this is out there completely yet, but the PlayStation 3 and the PC versions are not
gonna play together like a lot of people speculated they will, at least initially. I get the feeling
from the little demo we had that that's something that they might want to try to add in later.
I think the developers kind of think they can pull it off, but I think it's also kind
of like, I guess, they, you know, have other balancing things and, you know, because it's
two different systems or what have you. So if one of you was gonna get that on PS3 and
the other was on PC, do note you can't play together right off the bat, so I think that's
something a lot of folks are gonna want to take into consideration, yeah? So, cool, DC
Universe. When's that out? That was out, what, November 2nd, I think they said? All right,
how about Dead Rising 2, Shane? Let me preface this with I am scared to death of zombies
and the like, and I decided to, you know, face my fears, play some Dead Rising 2. The
game is really fun, very hilarious. I, what's his name, Chuck Green, I think, is the main
character you play as. Definitely dressed him up in some women's clothing, gave him
a nice little hat. At one point, I picked up a big stuffed pink elephant bear thing
and started hitting zombies with it. Saw some very hilarious gory moments, like some sort
of like lawnmower device just chewing up zombies and, oh, it was great. I had a really good
time. I actually think I want to get this game now, too. I gotta admit, it did look
a little like more of the same with the first one to me, but, you know, but upgraded in
the way that sequels should be upgraded, you know, it was a little more camp in some ways,
which I think is what everybody really appreciated about the first game and, you know, the main
character that they have now definitely seemed likable enough and, you know, I think people
are gonna get a kick out of the environment, especially, I think the whole like Vegas-y,
you know, what a fortune city or whatever they're calling it, the Vegas-like environment,
I think a lot of people are really gonna get a kick out of. LittleBigPlanet2, Shane, tell
me a little bit about what we did in that game, LittleBigPlanet2.
The level they gave us was somewhat of a race level, trying to reach the top before the
time limit. We failed, but it still let us keep going. I can't remember a game that had
made me smile and laugh so much while I was playing. It's really got a charm about it
that just makes you want to play more, which sucked because the demo, to me, felt so short,
but I know we were playing that thing for like five minutes at least.
Yeah, I think one important thing to note is that, you know, it really did kind of just
look and felt like the first game, you know, speaking of kind of, you know, games that
are more of the same, but you guys all know that the big innovation in LittleBigPlanet2
is kind of what they're letting you do now, you know, the expansion of the creation engine,
which is, you know, really the biggest part, and the part Shane left out about the race
is it was all about grappling hooks, and the part of what made it really funny is that,
you know, if Shane would be kind of like trying to grab on to something, I could actually
use my grappling hook to grab on to him, and it would kind of like, like the physics was
really good, I thought, and that was, you know, kind of the impressive part of the demo
is that they got the physics kind of, of all that complicated grappling and grappling mat
type of stuff down, so good times. So LittleBigPlanet2, I mean, I think a lot of you guys, like the
first one, are probably already going to check that out, and rightfully so. Tron, I played
the new Tron game, Tron Evolution, I believe it's called, on the 360, actually the version
I played is the PS3, but, you know, same same. Okay guys, it's Tron meets Prince of Persia,
like that's really what it felt like to me, you have the running up and wall jumping that
you do, and like seriously, the tutorial stage felt almost just like that first Prince of
Persia tutorial stage. The battle mechanics though, of course, are a lot different because,
you know, you're not really using a sword. The battle almost felt a little more like
Bayonetta to me, because like I could just practically button mash and do all this cool
shit, and there was like bullet time and all this, you know, kind of crazy stuff. The graphics
were simple, but that's what Tron's supposed to be, it's very true to the movie. It was
kind of hard for me to hear in the tunnel that they had, they had Tron in this big neon
kind of tunnel looking thing, it was a very, very cool setup, props to them, whoever designed
that booth. But, you know, it's very loud in there, but it sounded like the music I
could hear was kind of a repeat of the Daft Punk score that's supposed to be in the movie
and the music sounded like it was really good. Again, I'm kind of evaluating that on a very
quick demo and what I think I heard. But hopefully, a lot of the cool score will carry over. I
did have fun with it, I thought for an actiony game, it was it was a pretty cool little button
masher and it's Tron. Now, Shane, you don't even like know the Tron movie or what have
you, so did this game do anything for you? I know you just watched me play, but...
To be honest, not really. It seemed really bland. The graphics weren't that great, especially
considering the Wii one was right next to it, and it's kind of hard to tell the difference
between the two. And the environments were just really, really dull. It was a whole bunch
of black, blue, which, shockingly, you'd think I'd like, but it didn't look like a lot of
effort had been put into making the game. But that also might be the way the Tron series
is, but that doesn't translate well for a big, flashy video game.
Now see, I could tell the difference right away between the Xbox and the Wii one. Well,
for one, the Wii was all the light cycle racing, and I guess there's some of that in the PS3
one as well, but I don't know. It definitely looks sharper to me. I don't know with Shane
smoking, I think it'll be fine. But I guess, you know, if you don't know Tron at home listening,
then you're probably going to kind of look at this the same way. But for those of you
that are fans of Tron, like me, you're going to go like, oh, that's cool, because you throw
discs all over and doing these hops and bullet times and, woo, special effects.
Epic Mickey. We kind of had to watch one of the Disney employees play this, but we definitely
saw quite a bit of this game. Shane, what did you think of Epic Mickey?
It looked like a really solid platformer style game. I think the thing that interested me
the most, which is the one thing we didn't see a lot of, was the ability to erase and
regenerate certain aspects of stages. I did like the open-ended, not open-ended, but the
almost free-roaming little, what we saw, kind of tiki hut, is that what it's called? Yeah,
that section. The 2D was okay. I think that was probably my least favorite, but it looked
like a pretty interesting game.
I personally thought the 2D stuff looked kind of cool. It kind of looked like what maybe
you'd see on an Xbox Live arcade game or something, which was something, because the graphics
on the Wii were really good. Bobby wants to jump in on Epic Mickey.
Because I played it. Oh, yeah. That's right. Mickey is epic. I didn't play any of the 2D
stages. I played because there was another guy that was there that did the first part
of the demo, and I'm like, I'll just continue from here, because he had to run. But I battled
some enemies and stuff. Basically, it's kind of funny. Mickey can't directly hurt the enemies,
really. Basically, you've got your paint and your thinner. And basically, if you throw
enough paint at an enemy, it becomes your friend and starts fighting for you, kind of
like minions in Overlord and stuff. And I think if you do enough thinner at them, then
they go away and stuff. But there's actually some other things you can pick up. Like one
of the things that I did was pick up a special item that was a TV. And in order to distract
the guard, you threw the TV at him, and so he sits on his bucket and starts watching
Steamboat Willie on the TV. And then you can get around him and then basically take him
out, because there's this boat that needs to be risen, and so you need to get rid of
the anchors that are holding it down. And with the thinner, but you need to get in there.
So there's some puzzle elements. And then it wasn't really a boss, but it was a harder
enemy. Essentially, it has a can of paint in it, and it paints its own shell. So basically,
you fire paint at it to slow it down, and then you fire thinner at it to get rid of
its shell, and then he's got a weak spot that you hit for massive damage. And if you hit
this weak spot three times, then you beat him. And you can also have other of your friends
help him. And if you actually turn somebody to your side that has a can of thinner on
them, then they will, if they're your friend, they will throw thinner on the enemies and
hurt them and stuff. So it was really neat the way that they did it, and it looks really
good. It's very smooth and stuff, and it's still an early build. But I had a lot of fun
with it, and it looks like they are, because the guy told me War Inspector is a huge Disney
fanatic, especially of the older stuff, which is why the Steamboat Willie stuff is in there.
So he's really big on capturing the essence of Disney.
You know what really surprised me, though, just not knowing the old Disney as well as
the contemporary stuff? I was really surprised at how devious they let Mickey be in some
parts. I don't know if you saw the part with the tiki masks, but in the very beginning,
there's a little quest that Mickey's given to go get tiki masks. And what he can do,
he can go get the three masks and turn them in to the shopkeeper, and the shopkeeper will
reward him. Or what you can do, you find one mask, you give it to the shopkeeper, and then
the shopkeeper puts it in the back. Well, if you go walk around to the back of the building,
use paint thinner on the building, you can walk in the back door, take that mask, go
back out and give it back to him, and say, I found another mask. And I was kind of like,
it just kind of struck me as odd. I was always kind of like, I would have thought that, you
know, Von Disney would never let folks kind of portray Mickey in a negative light like
that. And his conscience or whatever, Gus or whatever that's kind of following around
is like, wow, I'm surprised you do that, Mickey. But it kind of makes him more bad. And you
could kind of see that because his his paint would be wearing off. And that's why he kind
of has that drippy look is because he had paint thinner. So I was kind of surprised
that you could kind of play it a little devious that Mickey didn't necessarily have to be
all good. I thought to me, that's the most fascinating part of Epic Mickey is the fact
that you can kind of play different ways. I really like games to let you do that. It's
very fable. I guess you could say, you know, you think your game kind of changes depending
on if you want to be good or bad. So yeah, Epic Mickey, very cool. A couple of DS games
that I know you checked out, Shane, I didn't get to spend a lot of time with these, but
Super Scribblenauts and the new Professor Layton.
Yeah, um, to be honest, I was not going to play Super Scribblenauts. It was an accident
thinking I was going to go play a different game. But I'm glad I did because I somewhat
liked the first Scribblenauts game. Like everyone had a problem with the controls. And I always
relied on anvils and laser guns to get through all the stages. But the nice lady at the demo
station was showing me just some of the stuff I could do. She's like, put whatever you want.
I was like, well, I don't know what to put. She's like, well, try, you know, big purple
pregnant dragon. I'm like, that's ridiculous. So okay. And sure enough, big dragon comes
out, has a little baby dragon. Like, what the crap? She's like, okay, go back and put
friendly in there somewhere. So I did that. And then the dragons fought each other. It's
like, okay, that's pretty cool. So with the controls being vastly improved and the inclusion
of adjectives, it actually looks like a really, really fun game. The other game I played was
Professor Layton Unwound Future or something like that. I don't remember exactly what it's
called. Newest Professor Layton game that's coming out this September, apparently. It's
Professor Layton. That's all you really need to know. It's fun. The one puzzle I did kind
of stumped me a little bit. Then the rep helped me out. So I felt really dumb because I actually
had it figured out. I just was too chicken to pick the wrong answer. I guess there's
a new inclusion to the memo function when you're in a puzzle. You can actually draw
in different colors and you can erase with an erase tool instead of just clearing the
entire thing, which is very handy. Both of those games, once again, I'm looking forward
to. I definitely will get Professor Layton. Scribblenauts is now on my list of things
I definitely will consider getting.
Since I've got to step it up and get through the rest of these games faster so we can actually
get to bed, do you want to describe Ghost Trick real quick, too? I know this is from
the guy who did Phoenix Wright.
Yeah, it's a game where you're a ghost and you have to manipulate objects to alter characters'
fate. They're fate because usually the characters die. At least they did in the demo. It's more
puzzle than anything else. Really interesting graphic style. The demo stumped me. I kind
of think I'm going to go back at some point tomorrow and try to beat it. It looks like
another brain teaser with lots of thinking involved from the same people that did Phoenix
Wright.
While he was playing some of those games, I actually checked out Goldeneye. The new
Goldeneye game is actually on the floor. It's kind of hard to find because Activision doesn't
have a booth, but Nintendo has it at their booth, only in a couple places. I got to fess
up, guys. If you've listened to O.L.R. a long time, you may already know this, but I never
really played Goldeneye 64. I didn't have Nintendo 64 until very late, so I never really
got into the craze until a little later. Playing this on the Wii was cool because it reminded
me of an old school shooter game. I get the sense that they have really just ported a
lot of the old game with new graphics. I suppose they were saying new stages and things too.
It's not just a copy of the old game. They want to make that very clear. It's new stuff
as well, not just Daniel Craig now. We were fighting multiplayer level and I was odd job
and I could throw my hat and stuff. It definitely reminded me of one of those old school arcade
shooters, very much like Perfect Dark, obviously, the connection between those games. Very interesting
that Activision is taking this over now. I know you only saw the game briefly, Shane,
Goldeneye, but did you notice anything lost in translation or anything? To me, it made
a very seamless transition from being a rare game to whoever is developing it now.
The only thing I noticed besides graphics that was a bit different, and this could just
be my memory being a little bit hazy, but I do not remember the ability to climb on
boxes and stuff like that, which was present in the demo we played. Otherwise, it looked
like a pretty faithful port of the Nintendo 64 with some updated features.
I think there will be a lot of people listening to this that are going to be into that. I
think about Bresloh and his love for Perfect Dark, I think a game like this will be right
up his alley. Quickly talking about some of the other games, we quickly got to observe
the Castlevania Xbox Live arcade game, heavily influenced by Symphony of the Night. Lots
of zoom ins and outs on the different stages. It looks like you have 10 minutes, and you
can cooperatively or combatively, I guess you could say, against each other go after
the boss, but these stages seem to be very large, and you make your way towards the boss.
There is only really one stage in the demo that we could see, but it looked interesting.
I think because it is in the same vein as Symphony of the Night, it could be a lot of
fun, but it doesn't look like, and maybe I should have asked this, but it doesn't look
like there is a lot of single player stuff. Although, I imagine there might be time trials,
things of that nature. We didn't get to dig too deep into this game, but Shane, anything
from your quick impressions of the Castlevania Xbox Live game? Harmony of Despair, I think
it is? I think it looks like crap. I don't like the premise. Graphically, they could
have cleaned it up a little bit. The guys we watched playing it clearly did not know
what they were doing, but the game also didn't seem to really give you much direction. I
don't know. I don't think it is something that they should have attempted. I might give
it a shot later on, but it definitely kind of has that Neo Geo effect with all the zoom
ins and outs, but I thought it looked good, and I am a fan of anything inspired by Symphony
of the Night, so I don't know Shane. You might want to give it a chance later. Here is a
game I am giving no chance at all. Saw 2. God, I watched Shane play the demo. If you
are eating something, you might want to pause this for a minute. In the very opening scene
of the demo, I think parodying a scene in the second movie, I have never seen it, but
I have heard about it, where the guy has to basically cut open his eye. Oh, God, it is
so gross. Were you doing that with the controller, actually cutting the eye? It was like, oh,
this is so disgusting. Shane, you described the demo as bleh. I had said when I saw the
Saw 2 game, I did not want to play the part where you cut open your eye, and of course
that is the first thing you do in the game, so I had to do it. Grossed me the heck out,
but much like the first Saw game, the game is really about puzzles and trying to figure
out stuff. I love it. It is kind of my replacement, or not my replacement, but just something
to get me through the time when we do not have Silent Hill, because it is still kind
of scary and it has got the nice atmosphere. It is very gory, and if you are at all squeamish,
I saw so many different things die during the five minutes I played of the demo, and
only one of them was me, thankfully. The rest were cut little flashbacks to people getting
impaled, sliced with a buzzsaw, all sorts of fun things. But yeah, it felt like a pretty
good game again, and I cannot wait for it to come out, but it is really gross.
That is the game I should show to my mother. These are what video games are, mom. Do not
you love these? Alright, here is a game my mom would like, but I would never understand
why. Glee Karaoke Revolution. Basically, it is Karaoke Revolution. It is the little bars
along the bottom that move with the pitch, and all the videos are Glee. So there is really
no interface in the game itself, besides just the little pitch bars and a very light shell
around that. There are no characters anymore. If you remember in Karaoke Revolution, you
would have these venues and things. No, you do not really have that anymore. It is just
videos from Glee that only kind of go with the songs, because they will try to show it,
synced up with how it was in the show, but since the songs in the show are shorter, they
will just throw in all these random clips. It was on the Wii, the version we were playing,
so the video quality was kind of poop. I watched Glee in HD at home when I was watching the
first few episodes, and I just thought the game was just kind of... I was barely singing
the song, and I got like five stars. Now granted, I was on the lowest difficulty, and it was
probably dumbed down because it was a demo, blah blah blah, but I just, I do not know.
I guess for the hardcore Glee fans, they will be all over it, but I just thought it was,
it is kind of one of those things where as you make a copy of a copy of a copy of a copy,
it starts to wear down a little bit, and that is kind of where I was at with Glee Karaoke
Revolution. I mean, it is a cute license idea. I mean, it is kind of one of those things
where once we saw it, it is like, oh yeah, of course, of course there was going to be
a Glee game. Shane, were your thoughts different? Nope. I also thought it was pretty terrible.
My problem with it is, and this is the same thing that has happened before, is that Konami
buys rights to a very, very popular IP and then does not put any effort into it, thinking
that the brand name will sell itself. Unfortunately, as we learned with the American Idol Karaoke
Revolution games, that is not going to work, and this is a very, very good opportunity
to make some money, but they just need to invest a little more because right now, I
do not see any potential in the game. The sad thing is though, Shane, I think it is
going to sell very well because I think there will be a lot of teenage girls that are like,
I love Glee, and they will buy the game on the Wii, and they do not look for the same
stuff we do. So I think you kind of have to take Shane and I's impressions of the game
with a big grain of salt. I think the game will still do really well. It is just not
going to do well with people listening to or recording video game podcasts about other
types of games, you know what I mean? There is an audience for this that is just not us.
Well, as someone who is a huge fan of Glee and has bought all five CDs, on the day they
came out, no less, each one of them, all I would need is just a few minor tweaks to the
interface, and I would actually be fine with, for the most part, what we saw. It just does
not feel like it is anywhere near done. I actually hope that is the case.
All right, just a couple of quick ones. We will kind of wrap up talking about what was
at Sega's booth and some of the things we saw there. Sonic 4, Episode 1. I think it
is pretty much what all of you are expecting. It looks like the old Sonic games, but with
HD graphics, that is really what it is. I mean, what else can you say about it? Either
you have played the old games or you have not. I do not know, did you notice any minor
tweaks that I might be overlooking, Shane? When I played it, it really did feel like
Sonic. His animations are a little slow at the moment, but I overheard them saying that
they were going to fix that. The boss fight felt a little more complex than what I was
used to from a Sonic game of that quality, so I am pleased. I cannot wait for it to come
out. I also overheard them talk about, well, we
had to take all of this into evaluation and listen to the fans. They wanted Sonic to be
able to accelerate faster from walking to running and all that stuff. I was just kind
of like, okay, yes, that is great, but I think on most people, sadly, that type of effort
will probably be lost because I think a lot of people are going to have that same type
of reaction where it is like, oh, hey, it is Sonic 2, but HD. That is not a bad thing.
Old Sonic games were when they were really the best.
Alright, Phantasy Star Portable 2. I do not know. It was pretty much just like the first
one to me. I did not get to ask a lot of questions on that. I really wanted to see if the pizza
box was still there. I do not know, Shane. Did you notice anything different, really,
except not being able to skip cut scenes? The only addition that they have really made,
it seems, is the ability to roll around and dodge, which, you know, if you were like me
and download the Japanese trial, you already knew that. Otherwise, it is pretty much the
same game. From what I understand, they had somewhat famous, I think, manga or anime artists
in Japan do the new character designs. They need to never do that again because they have
made the characters worse looking.
Are not a lot of the characters just kind of copied from old games because I swear that
shark you were fighting in the very beginning was like the same damn thing that was in the
Dreamcast PSO.
Those are completely different. I am talking about the characters you can create yourself.
They changed the faces. They changed the costumes. It does not look nearly as good, I think.
Really your character looked kind of cool to me, at least the one I saw. I did not think
it was terrible.
After spending a lot of time with the character creator in the first game, to me, I noticed
how bad. It is really the faces. The faces look really terrible.
I guess we will close out today with a game I know Bobby had wanted to say something to
on at some point. This is also at Sega's booth. Sega was also showing off some iPads. One
of the iPads had Super Monkey Ball 2 on the iPad. I think all of us got a chance to touch
that game.
Shane, we will start with you. What do you think of Super Monkey Ball 2 on the iPad?
The theme for tonight is, I guess, I hated it. It just controlled like crap. Seriously,
my iPhone plays Monkey Ball better than that iPad demo that they had, so I am not impressed.
Not making me want to buy an iPad. Not making me want to download another Monkey Ball game.
Bobby, was the demo lost on YouTube?
It is shit.
You know, I got the controls pretty quick. It is just that little device was calibrated
weird. At the end of the day, I was like, yeah, Monkey Ball was better a long time ago.
I think this one is going to be a pass.
There you go. I guess we are going to go ahead and wrap up for the night. We are ready to
go to bed. God, it is already 1.30 and I still have to get this uplifted. Thanks for staying
up with us or whatever time of day it is where you are and listening to the little wrap up
today.
We will probably do another quick one tomorrow. It probably will not be super long because
I know Bobby has to fly out to Atlanta and all that stuff. Tomorrow, we will try to give
you some final impressions. Our most favorite thing we have seen at the show we will get
to tomorrow. I know we are going to be seeing Final Fantasy XIV tomorrow. I am really hoping
to make it to Civ V. Actually, I am supposed to have some time to sit down with Civilization
V. It is actually exciting. I know Bobby is going to finally get to see Rock Band 3 tomorrow.
So we will have more stuff to talk about tomorrow. Again, if you have questions, feedback, whatever
Twitter is the best way to get us on the show floor. I actually did get some requests to
see things today that I took pictures of. There was NHL 11. Kirby's Epic Yarn I need
to get tomorrow again. I already put one picture up but somebody wanted to know more about
it. I will try to get that for impressions tomorrow. I am seeing the stuff on Twitter
guys so keep sending those. Twitter.com slash OLR. Any closing thoughts for the night, Bobby?
Monkey Ball and iPad is shit. Sounds good. Any closing thoughts for tonight, Shane?
I can't wait to live at the Final Fantasy XIV booth tomorrow and never leave it. Alright
guys, I guess my final thought is it is time to get this uploaded and go to bed. Cheesecake
is delicious just for the record. It is very good. Okay, have a good night everybody. We
will see you tomorrow with another Rob Roberts special here on the Orange Lounge Radio feed.
Good night.
