Rob Roberts and Pals
DarkSakura
and Loki due to other commitments and that stuff called real life were unable to join me at E3 this year.
But boy, what an E3 it's been.
You know, I got to say, so far, just even compared to, you know, being here last year, I'm so much more motivated by everything I'm kind of seeing on the show for this year.
Miklatov, you haven't been to the show in quite some time.
Tell the listeners a little bit about your last E3 and kind of like what you're thinking so far about this E3.
The last E3 I went to was E3 2006, otherwise known as Stupid.
It was crowded and you couldn't get in line for anything, except for like, you could get in line for the PS3 because nobody wanted to play it at that time, but like the Wii was impossible to get in line for, it was hot, it was cramped.
Absolutely hated it, really, but I kind of missed it, so.
What was the other thing I'm talking about?
How this year is better.
Oh, this year is better.
It's a little less crowded.
This year, last year that I went to, the companies were trying to outdo each other in terms of how loud they could be, but this year it's more like, hey, let's just show games and not really worry about, you know, if we're going to, you know, make the other booths vibrate because of how loud we are.
So it's nice.
All right, well, we'll get to a little bit about the kinds of stuff we've seen on the show floor.
And, you know, I'm kind of taking an approach with these little special shows that we're doing here that a lot of you guys that are listening to these and kind of taking the time out of your day are somewhat familiar already with what's going on at E3.
So I don't really want to sit here and just recap the news conferences that most of you probably watched live.
I do know we have some casual listeners of Orange Ones Radio who might be tuning into these podcasts as well, who maybe didn't watch the whole things.
Here's the basic stuff you need to know.
So what, Microsoft was first yesterday and they were basically blah blah blah, here's some games you already knew about that were coming, blah blah Gears of War 3, blah blah Fable 3, one new game kind of thrown in there for you and then, oh hey, here's Kinect and here's all this...
Connect stuff and boy this looks an awful lot like all the games that when Nintendo was first showing at E3 and for the Wii and all this but it's high def and oh my gosh you don't need controllers and da da da but most people kind of left feeling a little bit disappointed at least you know I'm reading Twitter I'm reading the blogs and I have to admit even I'm feeling a little bit disappointed with what I saw at Microsoft's press conference I'll explain my thoughts in a little bit Shane you sounds like you were disappointed too what was your problem with Microsoft's press conference?
There was nothing really surprising and that's the best part about E3 is all the shocking announcements and just the stuff that makes you want to buy these companies products and Microsoft showed off
The same stuff that they always show off.
First person shooters, an RPG that not many people seem to care about anymore, and then Nintendo products.
I'm like, okay, well, that sucks, and I'm sure everybody in the audience thought it sucked too, until they got a new 360, and then they probably hated it a little less.
It was very interesting, that little Oprah moment that they did kind of at the end there.
And you get a 360, and you get a 360.
And the fact that all of these new Xbox 360 Slims, as the internet is calling it, I don't believe Microsoft is calling it that, it's just the 360.
The Slim was a term that was used with the Sony systems, and they used that, but people are just carrying it over to the 360, incorrectly, I guess you could say.
But they gave all these things away, and they were like, oh yeah, they're going to be in stores this week.
I don't know.
I honestly was reading a lot of feedback on Twitter of people that were kind of pissed off that they just bought a 360 in the past couple months.
I just bought one not that long ago to replace one that had Red Ring of Death.
I'm not angry per se.
I don't really get this new slimmed down system and what it has to offer me that the one I already have doesn't.
I mean, yeah, I get it.
It has Wi-Fi, but I've already found a way to work around that.
and, you know, yeah, I get it.
It has the 250 gig hard drive, but I have yet to fill up the one I have.
I don't think this 360 Slim is so much for me as it is, you know, somebody new, I guess, coming on and perhaps this whole thing where, well, it's actually, it's going to work a little better with the whole Kinect thing, which I still keep, I'm tempted to call it Natal, I don't know.
But I did think it was weird that, you know, they're showing this whole thing and then they give everybody at the conference a free 360 and
To all the viewers at home just kind of sitting there going, oh, and then maybe they're double depressed because they just got a 360 not that long ago.
I don't know.
I apologize for my voice tonight, guys.
If you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio, you know Jamie's been pretty sick lately, and I think I caught whatever she had.
So, yeah, there's that.
Anyhow, that was Microsoft in a nutshell.
So going over to Nintendo this morning.
Nintendo, in a nutshell, was basically, you know, Reggie comes out on stage, here's a new Wii game, and here's a new Wii game, and here's a new Wii game, and here's a new Wii game, and don't you ever talk bad about my system again.
And now here's Iwata to talk about 3DS a little bit.
And most people were actually pretty blown away by the Nintendo press conference.
I think they were very much improved, certainly over years past.
I think in watching what they did this year, where Reggie really came out and was just like game, game, game, game.
I really felt like he was doing what everybody wanted him to do a couple years ago.
What did you think about the press conference itself, Shay?
well I think it started off really poorly it started off like a Nintendo press conference where they feel like they can show just games for the casual market and then nobody else matters but then they brought out like Epic Mickey and then randomly Donkey Kong Country and that was cool and then
They stole the show, their own show I guess, with the 3DS and that was amazing.
Though it didn't dawn on me until just now, no vitality sensor whatsoever, so that's kind of funny.
It is very interesting some of the things they ended up not showing yet.
The Wii Relax just disappeared, it's vanished, it's not even to be seen on the show floor.
I guess it's just chilling out somewhere else.
And then Sony's press conference happened.
And then admittedly, I did not watch this one because we were already out on the show floor at this time.
Bobby was not able to join us tonight.
He's out at a party or something.
I don't know.
So I only kind of read about this on the internet.
But the general gist I'm getting is that people were kind of like...
Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, games, yeah, okay, oh, PlayStation Move, yeah, we all know you had to come out with motion controllers at some point.
Oh, here's Kevin Butler, oh, we like him.
Oh, motivational speech, oh, that guy's so funny, yay.
Oh, more PlayStation Move, but wait, how much does this fucking thing cost?
You gotta be kidding me.
Oh, okay, well, at least we finally have a date for Gran Turismo 5 and
Oh, Twisted Metal, and oh, hey, Valve is acknowledging the PlayStation 3 now.
I guess that's kind of cool, but also might explain the whole reason why the Portal 2 event got canceled and then subsequently delayed.
Because remember that event was supposed to happen Sunday night.
Well, if the big reveal was that Portal 2 was actually going to be this whole big PlayStation 3 thing, then you must...
kind of see that all those talks and what have you must have just come to pass within the past couple weeks.
You know, when this event got planned and then subsequently cancelled.
This Sony PS3 stuff must have literally just happened within the past couple weeks.
Shane, I know you didn't get to really see it either, but did you have anything you wanted to say about Sony's press conference?
I was once again kind of disappointed because I was really hoping for some shocking titles that people would care about like I don't know a new Uncharted would have been nice a new Jak and Daxter that's not that move heroes game but I think the most interesting thing definitely was the Valve on PS3 because you have to wonder how much money Sony threw at them to have Steam
on PS3 and not on 360.
And does that mean we'll get Left 4 Dead on PS3?
Does that mean we'll get all of those nice Valve games on PS3 now?
It is very interesting how Sony is kind of inching closer and closer to this PC thing.
Maybe it really is a computer after all.
You know, with the announcement of Steam now and then, you know, Final Fantasy XIV is a PC, PS3 title.
We've heard about things like DC Universe Online, which is supposed to be across, you know,
between PS3 and PC.
Yeah, and that's on the show floor.
Sadly, we haven't seen it yet.
So I said I wasn't going to talk your ear off about press conferences, but yeah, there we go.
We kind of ran down them real quick.
I hope that wasn't too much for you.
But what we really wanted to talk about here on the show is, you know, I know a lot of you guys at OLR are watching a lot of this on TV and listening to other podcasts and reading the news sites.
But we want to tell you a little bit about, like, you know, our perspective, what we kind of saw on the show floor today and what we played, which today sadly wasn't a lot.
We spent a lot of time standing in line.
We started the show today.
We decided we were going to make a dash to see the 3DS as fast as possible because we didn't have an appointment.
And we just thought, you know what, we'll just stand in the line and if we go there right when the show starts, we won't have to wait very long.
So right at noon, we get through the doors and, you know, considering we had been standing outside the doors for about 30 minutes beforehand, we had a pretty good spot.
And we got in there and already the booth was kind of around the corner of the line.
So we said, forget it, we'll get in line anyway.
Well, after about two hours, I would say we maybe moved.
We barely moved at all.
We maybe moved about 100 people in line in like a couple of hours.
It just felt like they were not burning through people at all.
And we were starting to get worried because we had a 3.30 appointment.
Well, thankfully...
Hero saved the day and thanks to some connections Shane has, we were able to actually end up getting to see the 3DS a little bit early.
So while we are very thankful to Shane's connections and so forth, it was awesome to get to see the 3DS and I'll let Shane talk about it a little bit here.
I did feel really bad for everybody else in line.
I mean, I did and I didn't.
I had another appointment I had to get to and so forth, but I felt Nintendo really should have been moving that line a lot quicker.
I don't know.
Shane, anything about the line?
Well, as is standard with Nintendo lines, it was far too long and poorly managed.
And I don't know if that's Nintendo's fault or the people they hired to stand and guard the lines, but it was pretty awful, to be expected though.
But yeah, we really have to give a big thanks to JC for helping us out there, letting us
See the system and make our appointment on time.
He's awesome.
He should be president of the company.
Yeah, so big thanks.
But again, in future years, I would really like to see them, I think at least...
Tell people what the estimated wait time is going to be.
Yeah, like a Disney ride or something.
Seriously, epic wait times or something.
Show us a realistic... Because all these people, it's not like people just showed up to the party.
Everybody here did have to qualify.
Maybe it wasn't as media, but everybody is tied to the industry somehow.
A lot of these people have friends back home.
It is kind of sad sometimes.
How much the media just really gets to kind of walk all over E3.
And I do realize, I do realize this is a press event.
It's a trade show and so forth.
And those are the people that have priority.
But, you know, we live in a day and age where, you know, Andy Warhol said everybody gets their 15 minutes.
You know, we've got a podcast and, you know, but lots of people have their YouTubes and their blogs and so forth.
And I just think, you know, there's probably going to be a lot of negative word of mouth about that line.
But
I guess the question would be, did it pay off?
When we got up there, what was the 3DS like?
I'll let Shane talk about the 3DS a little bit.
The 3DS is the second coming of handhelds by far.
I was kind of enthused to go see it today, had my reservations, but once I got up there, got to pick up the system, first thing we saw on it was a demo for Animal Crossing 3DS.
I was sold.
The 3D screen is only the top screen and it's just amazing looking.
It's sharp.
It looks like
you know there's depth back there and behind or in the gosh I'm so tired that the screen just has all this depth going in the back and you can adjust the slider on the side to make it not 3d bring it back down to 2d
I don't know.
For me, I used to hate 3D movies and all that, but now that I've seen the 3DS in action, it is a remarkable little system.
I'm not even sad about the screen size.
I have a DSi XL, and I swore I would never go back down to a smaller screen, but it's no big deal on the 3DS.
You know, I was very skeptical about this system because I have not been a fan of everything very much shifting to 3D recently.
Especially, you know, the movies, I don't have a good time because it kind of hurts my eyes and so forth.
And so I kind of get bothered when I see how, like, everything's going 3D.
But you know what, I'll tell you what, the 3DS was a pretty good looking system and I was a little worried at first.
Because when I first opened that thing up, and I played Animal Crossing first tour, well, we didn't get to really play it.
It was...
A lot, just so you guys know, there was a lot of concept videos, basically.
It's like we were watching a live rendering or whatever of Animal Crossing.
Or Mario Kart was another one.
Or there was, you know, a few that they had.
You didn't really get to play them, but it gave you a really good idea of what the games would look like on the system.
But Animal Crossing was the first thing I saw, too.
And I was like, you know, when I first opened it up and looked at it, I was like, oh, it's very similar to that stereoscopic effect like during Avatar and
Oh, this is going to hurt my eyes, and I don't know about this.
But then the gal pointed out you could use the slider to adjust.
And sure enough, if I turned it down about... Pardon my voice, everybody.
Sorry.
This is a video game podcast guy's worst nightmare during E3.
But if you turn that slider down about a quarter of the way, it was perfect, and it didn't bother my eyes anymore.
Maybe I didn't have the same amount of depth that Shane had, but I was able to get that 3D effect enough where something like Mario Kart looked pretty awesome with that whole 3D.
Here's the thing though, guys.
I am going to put on my skeptics hat a little bit here.
I'm going to say, don't jump out of your seat too high.
It's still a DS.
Yes, it has higher graphics processing power.
Yes, it's got these multitude of cameras and things that are going to let you see these 3D pictures.
But I think the 3D thing, it's a little bit of a gimmick.
Just like the whole motion control was a gimmick.
And it's very important to note, things are not going to fly out of the screen at you.
I think one of the commercials showed the Nintendogs was lifting his paw out of the screen.
It's not that in your face.
The 3D effects are not going to like... It's a little tiny handheld, guys.
But it's subtle enough.
And the whole fact that you get that without glasses is pretty cool.
It's a very subtle but very noticeable effect that I think will have a big impact.
And I think where it's going to have an especially huge impact is the fact that the movies are there with no glasses.
That's going to be huge for kids.
The stuff they were showing, like the Disney movie, The Tangled.
That was one of your favorite things you saw, right, Shane?
Yeah, and one of the reasons why it was one of my favorite things I saw on the 3DS is because of the resolution on the screen.
It was amazing.
If you've seen any of those pre-rendered videos on DS, or even Game Boy Advance, they're all...
Blocky, really, really grainy, terrible, terrible looking videos.
But this, I swear, was like watching a DVD.
Or possibly a Blu-ray, I'm not sure.
But it was insane how smooth everything looked.
It was like watching a commercial or being in theaters and not seeing these blocky images, just seeing what the creators of the movie wanted you to see.
And
that alone is well no it's not alone but that is another reason why the 3DS is amazing and I can't I agree that it's a gimmick so far the 3D but I feel that with Nintendo handhelds they start off gimmicky and then you give them less than a year and that form of gameplay gimmick just works and everything they bring out for it just ends up being pretty cool
I'm not, you know, I understand Shane's enthusiasm, but I'm not like quite jump up and down screaming, oh my God, kind of like what Shane is.
But I will say what I did find actually almost more impressive than the system itself was just all the games they have lined up for it.
I mean, they already have huge franchises, Metal Gear, Kingdom Hearts, you know, and of course, all of Nintendo's franchises in there as well.
You know, all Saints Row, which got a laugh in the audience and all that.
all these people are so on board and I think that when we talk about the golden rule of gaming a game is only as good as the system it's clearly tied very late it's what 12.55 in the morning right now it's actually Wednesday so bear with us guys sorry it's professional radio at it's best but you know the whole golden rule that the system is only as good as the games that are on it dude there are tons of games coming out for the system
I still kind of have my whole little antsy thing with handhelds, but, big but here, the 3D is kind of, you know, it motivates me.
This is something I'm only going to get on a handheld that I'm not going to get on a TV.
I'm sold enough where I will probably pick one of these up when it comes out.
If for nothing else, there's a freaking Kid Icarus game coming out on it, probably a launch.
This is really going to have the games to back it up at the end of the day.
And if the 3D thing becomes too gimmicky, eh, turn it off.
Right?
Yeah, I mean, I think that was a brilliant move on Nintendo's part to be able to downgrade your 3D to just straight up 2D.
I'm assuming they'll require it of every game that comes out for it, but I think Nintendo played this one really well.
I'll be interested in seeing what they've held back from E3 about this system beyond the price and the release date, because you know there's something about it that they're just not telling us
I would like to hear a little more about the whole Wi-Fi.
I know they mentioned during the press conference it seemed like it could kind of be off and in your pocket, but it was still communicating.
But doesn't the DS kind of do that?
Except, oh, you have to have a game on, but you can have the lid shut.
I don't know if they're just expanding on that or what they're doing, but I am very curious to kind of hear more about the communications features.
Personally, I don't think we're going to see this thing until next year, but it'll probably be early next year.
Japan may have it this holiday, I don't know, but I kind of go back and forth.
It seems like the system has more development to go, but with all of these games already announced, it seems like, man, they've got a solid year's worth of games already.
I forgot to mention, there are two things I'm kind of disappointed with it.
The first one, the overall design, the look to the system, very DS, and I know it's called the 3DS, I was still hoping that was a working title.
But I don't know.
I've had some ADSs now.
I don't really feel like they should have gone with the same design.
And the cases, the metallic cases look very cheap.
When I saw it, it reminded me of my Power Rangers from when I was younger, my metallic ones.
Same exact sort of coding on it.
The second thing that I have a problem with is the D-pad.
I didn't actually mess with it because there was a playable demo we got, 8-bit Xavius, which we didn't mention.
That was pretty cool.
and I used the analog stick which was really nice but that d-pad if you're going to make backwards compatible ds games for it the d-pad is in a very awkward position that I don't think would feel right holding while playing but I think it's also important to note that a lot of this is still open change because like you know I remember being here what 04 when the ds first debuted and what they showed on the show floor was a lot different than what the finished prototype was so
We do have to take that into account with Shane's feedback that a lot of that could change.
What did you think of the analog stick, though?
It felt a little cheap to me, but again, I have to remember these are prototypes.
But I thought it was effective.
It was actually really easy to move around.
It didn't hurt like the PSP one does.
And that comes from the design of the stick.
It is concave.
Right?
That's the word?
Yeah, concave.
So your thumb fits in perfectly.
It's not flat like the PSP.
It's not rounded like, you know, Nintendo 64 or PlayStation or, well, I guess Xbox isn't, but Xbox just doesn't feel right anyway.
But it's just this big circle of an analog stick that your thumb fits in nicely.
It doesn't really move a lot.
It doesn't have a lot of space to move, but it gets the job done and is comfortable.
And I think, as Nintendo likes to do, they put their form factor on a high priority when designing these things.
All right.
If you guys have more questions about the 3DS, we'll try to answer whatever we can.
You can always send your questions to the mailbag, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
If you want us to talk about it on Sunday's show, or if you want us to try and get to it tomorrow on the Wednesday night show, www.twitter.com.olr is a great way to get a hold of us during the show.
I've been posting tons and tons and tons of pictures today.
Let's talk about some of the other stuff we observed today.
Miklatov, tell us a little bit about one of the games we just randomly ended up seeing and getting to spend a little time with.
Well, as we were walking to get food, I happened to see a booth that had Battlestar Galactica all over it.
And I remembered, hey, there is a web-based MMO coming out that probably will be awful.
So we have to go see it, of course.
We go over there.
Ask the guy if they have time for a little press interview.
Gives us a nice room with, I don't have their names with me at the moment, but one of the head guys heading up the Battlestar MMO from Big Point.
Yeah, just leave it at bigpoint.com.
Yeah, what he said.
And they kind of talked to us about their company and what they were doing with the Battlestar Galactica free web MMO.
And they gave us a nice little tour of the pre-alpha is what they were calling it version.
And holy crap, this might be the first Battlestar Galactica game that I would not feel bad about playing.
It looked beautiful.
They really captured the essence of the show.
They did say they are working with the creative team from Battlestar Galactica on this.
It's a very joint venture.
But, I don't know.
I'm interested in playing it.
They're shooting for a winter release.
And they said that they'd have more details like, you know, cast announcements at Comic-Con, which...
Sucks, because that is next month and not today.
I would love more information on this game.
Yeah, again, what we saw was very, very early, and I kind of went in with a lot of the same skepticism that Shane had about, oh, yay, a web browser-based MMO.
I'm sure this is going to be a real winner.
And we went in, and we were like, I have to admit, I was kind of like, wow, these graphics.
I mean,
Have I seen better graphics on a PC game?
Sure.
But for a web-based, no-download, free MMO, I was like, that's actually pretty darn good.
And free is definitely a good price, so I will definitely check out the full version when it comes out.
I'm not huge on space combat games, but it sounds like there's more to come on this.
I like Battlestar enough, and again, just to at least look at the graphics a little bit and see if I can actually steer the ship.
Let's talk a little bit about... I'll mention this real quick.
We did go by Konami's booth for a little bit and saw their dance game that they have on Kinect.
There's two dance games now for Kinect, and I'm having a hard time telling them apart.
There's Dance... Dance Masters is Konami, and then Dance... Dance Central is the Harmonix one.
Okay.
We'll get to Dance Central in a little bit, but I did look at a little bit of Dance Masters.
Guys, I think this is where DDR's going.
Like,
To me, there was a lot of very DDR-ish elements in the game.
For those longtime Dance Dance Revolution fans, the song list, at least the few songs they had in this game, you had a Naoki song, you had a SmileDK song, you had a transplant from Para Para Paradise, you know, complete with the same dance, which is making a lot of people compare this game to Para Para Paradise.
I think the game might be more accurately compared to Itoi Groove.
It was kind of like you kind of move your hands around and then you pose and all this stuff.
which is ironic because Kinect, in a way, the whole thing really feels like what we all thought the eye toy was going to be capable of years ago but just really couldn't pull off technically.
But this new technology is allowing it to be a lot more fluid or what have you.
But I will say I have not played the game yet.
I hope to a little later on.
But I was floored at first because I kind of took a step back and I was like, wow, it even like perfects are in yellow and greats are in green and a lot of the engine and combos.
I was like, this seems to be, and Naoki was there, he seems to be kind of behind it This might be the direction that DDR is going Funny enough, no DDR on the 360 or PS3 to be found All the DDR that was on the floor was for the Wii So, take that as you will Let's move on to one of the dance games we did play, Dance Central What did you think about this game?
Well, I saw it at the Microsoft press conference on the TV, and I was sold.
It's Harmonix.
It's going to be amazing.
That's what Harmonix does.
But I didn't really understand how great it would be until we actually got to play it today.
And it doesn't feel like a video game, and that's probably what makes it so interesting to play.
It is a dance teaching game.
it's definitely an exercise style game but it's really fun and you start you know when you first play you kind of feel dorky playing it but then you just really get into it and it's it's not one of those games that I would be too embarrassed to play in front of people like you know you might be when you play DDR for a while or when you play any dancing game in the arcade or you know or any rhythm game period
I could see this being a great, great teacher for people that want to start to learn to dance.
And I think that was a genre that was sorely lacking in video games because DDR doesn't teach you to dance.
Pump It Up doesn't teach you to dance.
Yeah, but the Dance Masters game, it might not be teaching you to dance, but it kind of seemed like... No, no, the other one.
I'm talking about the Konami game.
It may not be teaching you to dance per se, but it definitely kind of looked a lot more like real dance, especially if you were kind of mimicking the dancers on the screen.
Whereas I think kind of the key difference was that the other game, the Harmonix game, Dance Central, is more about kind of like a choreographed dance that you're learning.
You know, and you can kind of put together and you learn this very choreographed dance as you go.
But, you know, I think this is going to be Kinect's niche.
And this should be no surprise to you.
I talked about this on the show a little while ago.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
As much as it made a lot of us grimace at Microsoft's press conference, I think that's what's going to ultimately get them the most CNN coverage and Oprah coverage and start to kind of nip at the heels of what Nintendo's doing because of the fact that it's just a camera.
and this could be something they start implementing in schools too.
They would only have to buy one thing for it besides the system and that's an investment that they could easily tailor towards the kids for their physical activities.
I will say I was pleasantly surprised at how responsive the game was and you could kind of see the silhouette of yourself and it didn't look like a lot of stray pixels were getting in there.
The lighting where we were at was even a little bit dark although we did have a clear background so
My interest is definitely peaked.
I really want to see how this plays out as well in my living room.
Although my living room might be a little cramped for Dance Central, I don't know.
It was interesting to look at, I gotta say, and actually play and to get up there and dance to Poker Face and then actually get a five star on the song.
You know, when I didn't really know what I was doing, but it kinda showed me enough where, you know, having played enough rhythm games before, I was kinda able to get the hang of it real quick.
It was cool.
How about Rock Band 3?
Tell us a little bit about Rock Band 3.
Rock Band 3 was cool.
It was Rock Band.
I got to play guitar, so I was playing the same instrument we've played for the past two games.
Nothing very exciting for me personally when we did the demo.
It was cool to have so many people on our little stage, though, all playing together.
That was probably the best part for me.
Oh, and the guitar was blue.
So, I was very happy about that.
But, you know, you got to play the keyboards, and I didn't get to really mess with those.
And that's the most important part about Rock Band 3 from the demo, so I will give it back to you.
The keyboards were cool.
I did misstate something in an earlier program that we learned a little more about today.
When you're playing in five bar mode, the keyboard is not split into five different sections as it looks like it is.
That is for the pro mode basically only.
I'm not sure why.
I don't know why it kind of sections it off the way it does.
ProModes
I mean I don't know anything about playing the guitar but watching that guy in the demo was playing that White Stripes song and like I think at one point they kind of like double jacked him so that he was in the Xbox 360 and he was in an amp and he was playing like the real song that was really cool what he was doing was going above my head because I know nothing about playing the guitar
But I do know how to play, at least I did when I was a little kid, the piano or keyboard.
And it's really exciting that I could probably learn the quote-unquote real songs.
I do like the fact that they confirmed today that there will be a Pro Mode for bass.
It had been rumored that Pro Mode was coming to the guitar, the drums, and the keyboards, but they were skipping out on bass because bass gets so little love from anybody, it seems.
And the new Pro instruments, I don't think that's what they're called, but that's what I'm calling them, with the $150 guitar and whatnot.
That was amazing.
That is definitely taking their music games and setting it apart from anything else anybody's doing.
They're investing so much into this genre that we can only respect them for it, I think.
It sounds like they're making a lot of very interesting changes with the single player mode too that I'm kind of curious to see how that plays out.
They didn't give us a lot of details on all that today.
They kind of talked about it, but it seems like they're going to trickle a little more and a little more kind of up to the release of the game, including more info on the character creation mode and so forth.
But I will say this, it was great to hear that pretty much everything is backwards compatible.
Not the Beatles, but I think everybody pretty much expected that.
But, you know, the Lego Rock Band, everything could come in.
They have a whole new way for you to pick songs.
That includes filtering your list.
So if you just want to look at, you know, Lego songs or you want to look at songs with a certain difficulty, it seems to be a lot more fluid.
They made a lot of improvements to the interface, including, you know, people kind of jumping in and out and having quicker play sessions.
I was pretty enticed by what they're doing with the setup there.
Wow, I'm really losing my voice, guys.
I'm so sorry, but I do want to at least try to talk a little bit with you guys about what we saw today.
Those were pretty much the games we spent real quality time with.
Really got to sit down and play extensively, but we kind of got to look over shoulders and kind of see some other games.
I quickly saw the OnLive system.
I was like, if that is really streaming in that little box, that looks a lot better than I anticipated.
I know Bobby's going to spend some time with that, so maybe when he's here tomorrow, he'll tell us a little more about that.
I did see the Tron games, which look kind of cool.
The one I was looking at was a Wii bike, or like a bike, the light cycles thing on the Wii, but it looked like there was a 360 one too.
I didn't really get to get close enough with.
Hopefully tomorrow I'll get to get in there a little closer.
to see a little bit of Dead Rising 2, which kind of looked exciting.
I'm hoping tomorrow I can look at Sony Move and actually get my hands on it so I can feel like I'm speaking the Sony side a little more with authority.
I don't know, anything that just kind of caught your eye as we were walking around?
Well, I will actually go to the opposite of that.
I will say what did not catch my eye, which would be games that I expected to be there and didn't actually show.
Quite disappointed that Nintendo did not bring the new Pokemon games here.
They did have one on Wii, and they did have a Pokemon Ranger for DS, but no black and white.
I'm hoping that's because they will switch it up and instead of it being a DS game, they bring it to the 3DS.
Because I assume we'll get the 3DS by...
Our release date of Spring 2011 for Pokemon.
I was very disappointed with walking through EA and not seeing Dragon Age 2.
They have already set a teaser release date for it, so I don't see why they couldn't have at least shown it in video form.
Maybe it was behind closed doors.
Konami, not having a Silent Hill up there to show.
That was very, very upsetting.
However, they kind of countered it with having a Glee karaoke revolution, which I will hopefully be playing tomorrow because I love me some Glee.
It's kind of one of those things where when I saw it, I kind of rolled my eyes and said, how did I not see that one coming?
Oh, was it just today we were talking about how come nobody picked up a Glee license before we got to Konami and then it was there?
You know what it was?
Somebody was making a joke like at Ubisoft's press conference.
I think somebody had said something like, oh, gee, it's so funny that Ubisoft didn't roll out like a Glee game.
I don't know why they're... Yeah, yeah, you said that and then suddenly we're at Konami's booth and, oh, well, they have the license for the Glee game apparently.
but I mean it makes sense now they rebooted the karaoke franchise by dropping American Idol and instead they're picking up yet another Fox show.
Why can't Dance Masters be So You Think You Can Dance Masters or something like that?
I think these tie-ins would go great for Konami.
I kind of hope they start doing a little bit better and quit putting out some crap titles.
What else caught my eye while we were walking around?
Oh, I didn't see Child of Eden at Ubisoft.
I was really hoping for that, especially now hearing that you don't need the Move Controller, you don't need the Kinect camera to play.
They are going to let you use the regular controls, so not having a demo up or anything was kind of depressing.
Yeah, I think... I didn't really get to see much.
I mean, we completely skipped over Namco today.
I want to try to find Valve if Valve is around.
I want to play Portal.
Disappointed that Activision thinks they're too good for a booth.
I don't think Portal's on the show floor.
Oh, I'm sad that Valve thinks they're too good for a booth.
Yeah, it's a very much scaled down version of the E3 I'm used to, so little disappointments here and there, but at the same time there's been some really cool stuff just from the first day.
I don't think it's really scaled down.
I think this is kind of like the just right size.
Like 2006 was too much.
I think this year is, you know, and with last year, even though what was being shown to me wasn't as impressive last year because everything was still a concept last year, I'm relatively happy with the way this year is going so far.
I would be happy if Kentia Hall was back and had all the really crappy games and the really awesome games that nobody cares about.
But, I don't know.
I kind of miss the old big spectacle E3 just because it was so neat.
I don't know, it still feels like a spectacle.
Skeptical?
What am I saying?
God, it still feels like a big spectacle to me, Shane.
I don't know.
It's been many of these now.
Maybe it would feel like a big spectacle to me if we didn't have to wait in line for half the day.
Yeah.
And one other thing.
It is still very disappointing just how much of the show is still...
Make an appointment, or only special people can get in here, and everything's behind these walls and so forth.
It's kind of like, I don't know, to a lot of people who do, you know, fly out to be here and all that stuff, it's just kind of like, it's a big disappointment.
If they're going to do stuff like that, they need to make it media only.
I see people with exhibits only badges or even the people that are exhibitors.
They can't get to all the stuff that's behind closed doors.
It's just media that have appointments.
I don't see what the point of that is.
You're not getting your product out to everybody that you possibly can.
That's just dumb to me by far.
You know, I don't...
I don't really care who is the super special club or what have you I just don't think it should be so out in everyone else's faces that like you know oh these people are coming back here but you're not you know type of thing like that's why they have meeting rooms in these other places you know use the booth space to show those things you want to show out in the open and have more places for people to walk around so that the show doesn't feel as cramped even though there's less people here I think that's kind of really the point I'm trying to get to is that just don't be so
and so on.
Going back to 2006, I think there was a lot of that in 2006, too, which caused that show floor to just be packed.
Because there's no place for people to go.
Gotta say, though, that the stuff I've seen that's closed for, you know, appointments that have already been made, mostly stuff I don't care about.
So I'm not too bummed about it.
The only thing that kind of got me sad was Final Fantasy XIV being closed off.
But hey, we have an appointment for it, so it's all good.
Alright, yeah, so we'll be bringing you more information on that coming on Thursday.
Anyway, we're just going to start to wrap up for tonight because it's getting very late.
It's probably after 1 a.m.
If you want to ask us questions or give any feedback, twitter.com slash OLR is really the place to get to us over the next few days.
The thing you're most looking forward to seeing tomorrow, Shane?
Oh, that is not where I thought you were going with that.
You know what?
It's not necessarily a thing.
I think I'm really interested in hanging out and spending some time with the Sega booth.
I want to see the new Sonic games.
I want to see the localized Phantasy Star Portable.
And even though Bobby said it was terrible, I would love to see the monkey ball on the iPad and see how awful it is.
I'm looking forward to just getting some hands-on time with the PlayStation Move hopefully.
I'd like to kind of go in and give that a try because I'm hearing a lot about how it feels a little more accurate than the Wii does.
As far as the press conference goes, I wasn't hearing about a lot of games that I feel like I need to get, but I'd be curious to go get my hands on it and see if it changes my mind.
I think that's one of the top things I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
I think it might be worth braving the Nintendo booth again tomorrow to maybe see Zelda, because I don't know what the videos are like online, but that game was running flawlessly, it looked 60 frames a second, it was beautiful, and I would like to try Kirby Epic Yarn or whatever it's called, and the Donkey Kong Country game, because that is amazing looking, it looks just like Donkey Kong Country and sounds like Donkey Kong Country.
Alright, so yeah, tomorrow we're going to really try to not stand in as many lines and just play as many games as possible.
So we'll see what we can do and we'll be back tomorrow with Bobby will be here with us and thank you for sitting through our special.
I know it's a lot different than a regular edition of Orange Lounge Radio but again, we kind of want to get all that out there while we're still thinking about it and of course I'll be joined with DarkSakura and Loki again live this Sunday on Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be talking about a lot of this same stuff
but, you know, Loki and DarkSakura kind of have a different point of observation and then, of course, you guys in chat and all that other stuff.
It's going to be a fun show on Sunday.
I also think it would be great if we get some suggestions for things to see on Thursday because we won't be able to read them, I'm sure, tomorrow in time for when we go.
But our Thursday is pretty open except for Final Fantasy, so maybe there's something that some people would like to hear about that we may have accidentally skipped.
Absolutely.
So yeah, again, contact us at twitter.com slash OLR.
You can try to send us emails too.
I can't guarantee we can get those as fast because we can do the Twitter thing right there on my phone.
It's very easy.
So okay, that's it.
We're going to wrap up for tonight.
It's well after 1 a.m.
I need to upload this and go to bed.
So this is Rob Roberts at E3, Orange Lounge Special Edition.
All right.
Have a great night, everybody.
