Alright, welcome back everybody to Rob Roberts and Cals here on the Orange Moms Radio feed.
It's our E3 wrap up show.
The final day, yes sadly E3 2010 is all done.
And today we're not coming to you from a hotel room.
Actually right now we are in the parking lot of In-N-Out Burger where I've taken the one
and only Bobby Blackwolf to his first In-N-Out experience.
And Bobby, hyped.
Too much, not enough.
What did you think of In-N-Out?
It was a burger.
It's better than Wendy's and McDonald's and stuff but I'm, you know, being from the east
coast I'm partial to five guys myself.
I was expecting him to go, mmm that is a tasty burger.
He did a little bit, he did have a little bit of that I gotta say.
Alright, there's your Orange Lounge Foodio for those of you guys that have had your withdrawals
during the week.
We will be back of course Sunday to do the E3 wrap up with Dark Sakura and Loki.
That'll all be Sunday night at All Games Radio, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
But I really do urge you to tune in to the Bobby Blackwolf show who's right beforehand
at 5 Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern.
I don't know if that gets picked up on the mic but there was literally a plane flying
over us just now.
We're right by the airport to take Bobby over to the airport.
We'll give you a quick little preview though of what's coming up on Bobby's show because
we wanted to start the recording today before Bobby had to get on a plane and go and kind
of ask Bobby, you know, what did you think of your final day?
What kind of stuff did you see and what were your impressions on some of the games, Bobby?
Okay, so Rock Band 3.
That blew me away.
All the stuff that they added.
I didn't realize how much they added.
I know you guys covered it already so I'm not really going to add to it right now but
I will say one of the things I was able to, I played the keyboard and I played pro mode
on medium, which basically means that they add, you have two notes at a time.
So two note chords and everything and one thing that they don't tell a lot of people
and one thing that you don't realize is that they actually do have bumps on the keys to
denote where the color changes so you don't have to look at the keyboard when they shift
because you can actually feel where the colors are.
So I thought that was, that's like one little tiny thing, they don't really mention it,
they don't say it but that adds a lot.
So there was that and I also did an interview and it's going to be on E3coverage.com and
I actually stumped the guy about the MIDI port because the Guitar Hero drum set has
a MIDI input, kind of like what they're saying but it's not going to work for the pro mode.
You could use it for the basic but you're not going to be able to use it in the pro
modes of anything.
So that was interesting and they are considering, it's right on the line of the Rock Band Stagekit
for all five of us that have it, having Rock Band Stagekit access.
So there you go, Rock Band 3, I was very impressed with it.
Portal 2 is hilarious.
I got to sit in on the 15 minute demo of that and they have kept the humor, they are talking
to Jonathan Coulton, he admitted that to me, they are talking to him, asking him who he
wants to work with to do it so he is definitely going to be a part of it for the music side.
But they've kept the humor and the gameplay elements they've added with the liquids where
you can either jump or slide really fast and some of the other objects that they've introduced
really look like it's going to be a great title, it's going to be a stand alone title
and so I'm really looking forward to that.
One thing non-gaming that I saw today that probably won't interest the OLR audience as
much but it's more of a glimpse of what they can do in the future is I actually got a behind
the scenes demo of Kinect with the dashboard.
So showing the video chat and stuff where the Kinect camera seamlessly will zoom in
and out based on who's in the frame.
So like if you're sitting on the couch alone it will be zoomed in on you, if somebody sits
next to you on the couch it will automatically zoom out and put them in the picture, take
the two of you into the picture and stuff like that, if that's the kind of thing you'd
like to use.
But really, ESPN integration, it's not just watching ESPN3, which ESPN3 is their online
internet because ESPN doesn't...
The Ocho!
It's like the Ocho.
Basically it's all the stuff that they have regionally that err on like regional stuff
but not good enough for the national.
So you can watch anything online like college football, like if it's an out-of-market team
for you or if it's like a very small school or something, they probably still have it
on ESPN3.
And you don't just watch it, they actually ask you who you're rooting for and it actually
keeps track...
And here comes another plane.
The plane!
The plane!
The plane!
The plane!
So it actually keeps track.
They showed us USC versus Ohio State, you're gonna watch that college football game.
The first thing they ask you is, who are you rooting for?
And then it tells you how many people, percentages of people watching that on Xbox Live are rooting
for that team and then it'll do trivia questions if you want that feature on and you're competing
against the other fans while you're watching the game.
And just stuff like that, if they integrated that into ESPN, maybe other things, they would
be able to integrate that same thing.
Do you think maybe for like, you know, women and the gays, as they say, we could get the
Oscars in the same type of situation?
Although I'm so over the Oscars, personally.
I think that would be awesome where they would, you know, have people guess who might win
and stuff and who would get the award.
Who wore it best!
Who wore...
Yeah, and things like that.
So, you know, there's very good opportunity there for that and I was very impressed with
that and I got to use a little bit on the dashboard and stuff and it's gonna...
You still have to take very slow, deliberate movements.
You're not at the Minority Report level yet.
You can't just flick around or something because you'll wind up hitting something you don't
want to hit.
They were taking very deliberate movements to do it.
But I'm very...
I'm excited.
I'm one of the few people excited for Kinect for all, you know, for just the dashboard.
Can I actually go back a little bit and talk about the video chat real quick?
Because you know, obviously the...
Not the iToy, the Xbox Vision that we had before, you know, kind of had the video chat.
And you know, I realize this is way upgraded, you know, better quality, it can zoom in and
out and all this stuff.
But you know, one thing I found about the video chat is that I rarely used it because
it's kind of, you know, it's not like a cell phone where a cell phone is always on you
and you pick it up, hit a button, you're good to go.
You know, I would think with a video chat, you both have to be on the 360 and then you
have to, you know, kind of want to Kinect and so forth.
You know, I don't know.
I see...
It's like I get iPhone video chat, you know, if they ever get it on 3G.
But you know, I kind of sit here going, okay, that sounds cool, but am I ever really going
to use Kinect video chat except the one time to say I did?
You might not.
Families might.
Now realize it's not just 360 to 360.
It's going to be with Windows Live Messenger, not at...
And I believe they even said right at launch.
So you'll be able to talk to somebody if they have Windows Live Messenger on their computer
and a webcam, they will be able... you will be able to talk to them.
Okay, now that's a big thing I wasn't considering before.
I could see that now then maybe like, you know, college kids trying to talk to parents
or grandmas that are, you know, getting internet enabled in this day and age.
That makes a lot more sense.
And they also have Bing integrated with it where you could actually select...
We're going to wait for the plane.
The plane!
The plane!
There we go.
There goes the plane.
So you can actually select like top videos of like, you know, entertainment stuff and
you can both watch it at the same time.
They call them conversation starters.
So if you don't know what to talk about, somebody can select this video and it pops up in the
center and so you're on each side and you can talk about that video.
I can see it now us doing an entire episode of Orange Lounge Radio just of the Bing topic
selections.
Oh my god, what an amazing podcast that would be.
Just the Bing video chat podcast.
Come on you guys, you know there's somebody...
Patent pending.
It's mine.
Don't take it.
I will sue you.
We could do it together.
Hey, there you go.
I could do it at my place, you could do it at yours.
We'll record...
I've got the capture equipment.
Awesome.
And we could make it a video podcast.
There we go.
One other game I played which was actually a music based game, Power Gig.
I actually played this.
Now this is the game and somebody even asked me about it I think on my Sunday night show
last week.
They'd be like, what do you think of Power Gig?
I'm like, well if it teaches you how to play guitar, it'll be great.
This one doesn't.
It uses a real guitar, it looks like a real guitar, feels like a real guitar, but it's
really still the same as Rock Band.
And they actually, I didn't realize they had a drum peripheral.
The drum peripheral is air drums.
It's like, and since this is your crowd I can say this and they'll get it, it's like
Power Power Paradise.
So you have drumsticks with sensors in them that break the plane of the pads, of the sensors
shooting, or the lasers shooting up or whatever.
And basically there's four floor sensors that I guess are sending lasers upwards and the
drumstick is sensing them and that's how it does, that's how it determines which one you're
hitting.
You have a bass drum pedal that sits on to the right and then you have a button, you
have a pedal for your left foot that activates what they're using for star power.
But basically you have to hold the sticks a very specific way, which is not the way
I normally hold sticks.
You have to have your thumb up because they have a little thumb groove in the drumstick
and it has to be up and I don't play that way.
I play, for any music geeks out there, I play matched grip, like you would in marching band.
That's how I play drum sets.
I don't really do the thumb up grip, which is called French grip.
See I'm a nerd, band nerd.
But a lot of drum set players do, so that's why they do it that way.
But you have to do it that way.
Because if the sensor's not going down it's not going to register.
And I was having a problem getting one of the pads, the hi-hat pad to register at all.
It wasn't registering most of the time, so it was not a very fun experience.
But they said it was still beta hardware and it's not the final version.
Can I just say though, and kind of go back a little bit again, since you invoked the
name Para Para, something that kind of occurred to me today on the floor, maybe last night
after we taped, I don't know, but I realize I'm kind of, this E3 is really making me eat
a fat slice of humble pie because for years, literally years on this program, I've kind
of sat here and said, just give up, Para Para Paradise is never coming out in the US, so
you're not going to get it, it's not happening, people aren't going to get it here, so shut
up already, it's not going to come out here.
Enjoy its cultness and the fact that it's a very niche thing, embrace it, have fun with
it.
Boy did I get proved wrong.
It's the most interesting thing to happen, but I swear you guys, Dance Masters is, it's
Para Para Paradise.
I mean, if you do the Night of Fire thing, it's the same thing.
They found a way to kind of get away with it here.
Now granted, it's not exactly that, but that's as close, now I will say this, and I will
know I'm right, I will know I'm right, take it or leave it because this is the closest
you're ever going to get for those that are Para Para Paradise fans, which I know we have
some of those in the show, as years old as that is, the camera thing will be pretty cool
I think.
The game itself looks neat, but very interesting head to head that's going to happen with the
Harmonix game too, anyway, I don't mean to go back to old topics, but anything else you
want to talk about?
Bobby?
I'm trying to think, I did get to play Marvel Vs. Capcom 3, and for those that, I'm just
going to, I'm not really going to talk that much about the game, because I only played
it really once or twice, and it was button mashing and I lost, so I lost to Justin, the
editor, the other guy that does E3 coverage, who was not happy.
I beat him in dancing though, so I'm a better dancer.
But I will say that in the interview with E3coverage.com that I did, I did invoke Curly
Mustaches and Pringles and the Knicks.
So if you're a fan, I invoke all of those in that interview.
But I played, let's see, I don't even, I played Wii Party, because it was a short line, and
played the board game, which is kind of like Mario Party without the coins.
Played that for a little bit.
And it was kind of interesting, basically the mini games are to determine the roll order.
So that's just one of the many things in Wii Party.
It could be, I'm going to rent it at least.
And let's see, now I'm just stalling, because I'm trying to think if there was anything
else that I saw.
I don't think so, I'm in a Portal 2, hilarious.
On Live, I didn't realize that On Live is live now.
Like it went live probably about an hour ago, 6 PM Pacific is when they said it's going
live for everybody.
And I think if you're a founding member, you get one year free of On Live for the PC.
And it worked on the show floor.
They claimed that the server was up in Silicon Valley.
I don't know if I believe them, but if it's free for a year, I might as well, I might
check it out and see it on my own home connection.
This is going to be huge for MacGamers, which I know is kind of an oxymoron, but no, I'm
just kidding guys.
The MacGamers, I mean, getting to kind of do all this streaming, this is going to open
up a huge door, I think.
I would think that's where On Live is going to be most successful, but just watching it
on the floor, I didn't get the extensive demo you did, but I was like, is this for real?
Because it does look pretty smooth and pretty nice.
It's kind of one of those things that, you know on the show floor, everybody's putting
on their nicest front.
So I kind of wouldn't mind trying it on my home computer and see if it runs as well.
Bobby, I know we're going to wrap up, get you to your flight and all that stuff.
And if people want to hear more, they can tune into your Sunday night show or the one
I always forget to plug because we're not on right after it, but it's also a great show.
The effing show, the fnglive.net, which is a video show that you guys do.
You're actually doing one Friday night, which really, by the time most people hear this,
knowing what time I'm getting home tonight, it'll probably be tonight by the time most
people hear this.
So tune into that as well at, I believe, 5 Pacific, 8 Eastern once again.
So check that out.
One last question for Bobby though.
One of the thing that surprised you most about, and you've been to a lot of E3s, you've been
to about three times as many of them as I have.
Thing that surprised you most about E3 2010, Bobby?
Oh God, you're putting me on the spot here.
It's kind of hard to say because I didn't see all that much because of the appointments
and stuff.
And you know, with Microsoft, it was all interviews.
Like I never touched a game in the Microsoft booth and stuff.
Maybe it was what surprised me had nothing to do with anything on the show floor, although
the game that shocked me was Driver San Francisco.
I didn't realize that would be that good.
But that could also be a good demo just like a split second.
But it's more that I need to find a way to balance appointments and then having free
time to go roam.
I literally only had about two and a half hours the entire week that didn't have appointments
that I could actually roam the show floor.
Fourth day.
Yes.
I could use a fourth day.
I know everybody that works E3 is like, oh God, no, I don't want a fourth day.
I don't.
Oh my God.
But everybody could fill up a fourth day of appointments too.
So it's, you know, it seems it's too short.
But when I wasn't media and I was just showing up as, you know, exhibits only attendee as
a developer, I was usually bored by the middle of day two.
And I, you know, finish up, you know, Rock Band was my last thing that I saw.
You know, and I'm like, I could go another day.
You know, I'm not done yet.
I haven't.
I mean, I'm sure there's going to be something I'm going to miss and I'm going to kick myself
for missing it.
Like, you know, Civ V. But yeah, I'm, I need more time.
I think that was the surprise is that I need more time.
All right.
Good answer.
I was totally putting you on the spot.
That was a good answer.
So thank you so much, Bobby.
And we'll talk as always on Sunday night.
Now, of course, Shane and I are still going to talk some games too, but we're going to
go drop Bobby off at the airport.
So we'll just do a little break here in the podcast-a-roo and we'll be back sometime after
the grapevine on i5.
So stay tuned.
Okay.
So we're back for the second half, although I'm kind of a terrible liar and it's almost
24 hours after we did that first half.
But we decided doing a podcast while trying to drive probably wasn't the best of ideas,
as boring as i5 is.
So yeah, we took the safe route and came home and then of course we were really tired and
that's stuff we want to do today, but we still wanted to at least wrap up some of the stuff
we saw on E3 day three while it's still fresh in our minds, although I find that I'm on
like game overload.
I played so much.
And I've been playing games since I got home because Shane's like, you got to play Alan
Wake.
And I have been, and it's been scary and all that, but I'll talk more about that on Sunday
show.
But anyway, um, while Shane is still here in California, we want to, um, at least kind
of go through some of the games we saw at E3 day three.
And then of course we'll resume, um, you know, with all the rest of the news on Sunday night
show.
So say hello to Shane, everybody who is back with us here on this, uh, Rob Robertson pals
Thursday kind of Friday edition.
It's actually been over 24 hours since we were supposed to do it because it's now almost
11 here and we stopped at like seven yesterday, but hi.
You know, through the magic of radio, people would have never known, but that's all right.
All right, Shane, let's get to the games.
Give us some games that you want to talk about.
All right.
I actually wrote these all down in a random order, so I'll go in a random order.
Um, no, I won't.
Castlevania Lords of Shadow.
It's the new Castlevania game coming out for the 360 and the PS3.
Um, pretty much a God of War style game.
The demo definitely made me want to play more of it, um, cause it had some interesting features
like there's a part where you're on mounted combat and when you get knocked off, because
I'm terrible at it, you have to fight through enemies before your little sparkle horse comes
back so you can start writing again.
Um, very graphically pretty, uh, kind of reminded me of like looking at a painting.
Um, so had some slow down issues, but it's okay, I liked it.
Yeah, I'm hoping some of the frame rate issues was just because it's still a beta and you
know, some of these things are really hard to judge from, um, early demo builds.
But um, I, the only thing that kind of got me about the game was that I think, you know,
a lot of people who weren't happy with the direction Castlevania took in the like PS1
and PS2 versions are, um, going to be, um, you know, really disappointed, I think by
what they're doing here because it didn't really feel like a Castlevania game to me.
In fact, if I remember right, I read somewhere that this game originally started as a totally
different game and then they kind of, I guess retconned the Castlevania thing into it.
Now it's not a, it was not a bad game by any means.
I actually thought it was really cool and pretty and, and, um, enjoyable, but I think
some people that were expecting the old style, you know, whipping Castlevania games are going
to be in for a surprise cause Shane's right, it plays a lot more like God of War, kind
of Bayonetta, it felt like a little bit to me too, um, with some of the cut scenes.
But again, very pretty and I still think, um, probably going to be worth your time checking
out when it comes out.
Um, now if you do want kind of that old school 2D experience, I got a little time with the
arcade, um, game, which is the, uh, what, Harmony of Despair, Castlevania game, which
I think we had talked about a little bit the day before, but I actually hands on played
it, um, on the last day of E3 and I enjoyed it.
Shane, I don't think, uh, felt so favorably about it, um, but I kind of liked the whole
Neo Geo effect of the zoom in and out, like if you ever played the fighting games on Neo
Geo, how it kind of like zooms way in and out and stuff on the action, you can kind
of control that in the Castlevania game, um, and it was very, um, you know, inspired by
Symphony of the Night, which I thought was cool, um, so it's basically a race from start
to finish, you have like 10 minutes to kind of get through the castle and I know the demo
castle I played was kind of hard cause it seemed like there really was only one path
through the castle, but I couldn't figure it out.
Um, unfortunately the demo on the floor didn't give a lot of exposition as to what all the
features were and the people at least where I was at, I played it at Microsoft's booth
and I don't think the people there were as on the up and up on, you know, what the game
was all about, so, unfortunately, um, I was a little bit kind of like lost I guess as
to all the features, but you know, I enjoyed what I played, um, and you know, I'm pretty
sure the arcade game will probably cost $10, maybe $15 and it'll probably be worth it,
I will probably pay it at least to check out the full version, if not at least the trial
for heaven's sake.
Uh, Fable 3 was another game I checked out at Microsoft's booth and Fable 3, um, again
the demo didn't really give you a lot, at least for me, of like what is really different
about the game from Fable 2, I noticed a lot of, you know, the gold trail was kind of back
from the other Fable games and the difference I saw was that you could dress up in a giant
chicken suit for one of the quests, um, but you know, they weren't running it on Kinect
or whatever, because right, Fable 3 is supposed to have some Kinect stuff, supposedly, but
they weren't really showing any of that on the floor, so I gotta be honest, I didn't
see a whole lot that was really different from Fable 2 and most of the people I talked
to, same thing, but, I mean, that's not really a bad thing, Fable 2 was a great game, it
was one of the better games that came out that year, it came out, so, more of the same
in this case, not necessarily a bad thing, um, and I'm sure there's some other stuff
I, like, you know, it seemed to be like there was a couple more interactions and things
you could choose from, so, I mean, that part of it's cool, so, that was pretty much my
impressions of Fable 3, I'll check that out when it comes out too.
So while Rob was playing Fable 3, I was just around the corner, uh, playing Crackdown 2,
and seriously, it was just Crackdown, that's all it was, and it was a 30 minute demo, which,
um, I actually didn't spend the whole 30 minutes playing, but I definitely could have, um,
easily, it was still fun, it was hilarious, um, and there were agility orbs, and that's
all you need in a Crackdown game, um, I didn't play a whole lot of the first game, um, so
this might be a new feature, but you can capture points, and then call helicopters down to
give you more weapons, and the more proficient you are with, like, guns, the better weapons
you get, so, uh, it actually really made me want to get one of those sleek new 360s, um,
so I was happy with it, uh, and I guess it comes out in a couple months, or next month.
What's wrong with the old 360s? Why can't you just get one of the old 360s? They aren't
the shiny new ones, um, plus, I would like to have a wireless adapter, um, and this one's
built in instead of paying an extra hundred dollars. Dollars? Dollars. So in other words,
what they really should have had the first time. Yes, and if it breaks, it can't red
ring technically, because there are no red lights inside, so if it breaks, it's gonna
be three green rings of death. Or hopefully they've just built it this time, so it doesn't
break, but that's another issue altogether, I'm digressing a little bit. So, what is next
on our list? Marvel vs. Capcom 3. Um, you know, the demo was limited, it only had about,
what, eight, ten characters, I don't remember, but that one, I mean, I guess that's still
a lot, ten characters was as many as they had in the, like, original Street Fighter,
right? No, the original Street Fighter was just eight. Anyway, um, it was cool, it was,
um, very stylistic, um, you know, as a lot of you guys have seen in the trailers. To
me it plays just like Marvel vs. Capcom 2. Keep in mind, I'm not on my up and up on fighting
games, so I'm not the best authority to talk about these types of games, but to me it played
a lot like Marvel vs. Capcom 2, but definitely had that more, like, kinda like Cell style
that you've seen in a lot of the commercials. Not as much of the 2D, 3D switching as I would
have thought based on the trailer and the fact that it kinda was supposed to be a little
more Street Fighter IV, I thought. Um, so graphically, you know, it's kinda like a souped
up arcade release, but I think it's gonna be, uh, pleasing for the fans. And some of
the supers do the 3D thing a little bit, at least it was in the demo, but again, early,
early, early build, and then, uh, had huge lines going for it all day at the Capcom booth.
Um, the trick to getting to play the game quickly was to go to Microsoft's booth or
even Sony's booth and play the game there, which is what we did.
I really liked it. Um, I'm not a huge fan of the Marvel vs. Capcom games, or I already
like Capcom vs. SNK, but, um, the one thing I noticed about it is because of the size
of the characters and the screen, um, amount that you have to play in, it felt like the
game was going a little too fast compared to the other ones. Um, sometimes it was kinda
hard to keep up with what was going on. And, um, as a button masher, cause I don't know
how to play Marvel vs. Capcom 3, and I picked, I think all new characters except for Iron
Man, um, Chris Redfield sucks. Like, utterly, utterly terrible character. Um, slow and just
awful. But Dante was really cool. I will definitely, when I play this game, will be playing as
Dante.
Awesome. Yeah, I pretty much played with standard characters. Felicia, Morgan, Ryu, all that
fun stuff. Alright, so I finally, um, made good on my promise to get some hands-on with
the PlayStation Move. Unfortunately, the line to get to all the really good games was really
long. Um, but some of the, like, littler games that didn't have quite the, you know, like
the bowling game and some other stuff, didn't have quite the long lines to get to them.
So the game I got to play was the Toy Story game, which, you know, it's not a bad game.
There's certainly an audience for it. It's definitely directed at a younger audience.
It plays a lot like the Midway Mania game that came out earlier on the Wii. Um, but
it's Toy Story 3, I should point out. It's, I guess, a game for Toy Story 3. But it pretty
much plays just like Midway Mania, the ride, or the, um, other game that came out on the
Wii. Um, you know, it's more of a point the move at the screen. It doesn't even use the
second controller. It's just the one stick and you just kind of aim it at the screen
and shoot. Very logical. But, you know, I was able to at least kind of get my hands
on it. I like the way that controller kind of felt to hold. Um, it is a little weird
with the whole, like, lollipop look that it has. And it's kind of funny because, um, when
you shoot, uh, a certain square in the Toy Story game, it'll activate rapid fire. So
you just hold that on the button to shoot, you know, the balls everywhere at the targets.
But your little, uh, ball on the top of your controller starts spazzing out and turning
all these rainbow colors. It's all pretty. So, you know, kids will get a kick out of
it if you have one of those households where, you know, mom and dad really like to play
their more hardcore PlayStation games, but you want some stuff for the kids too. I think
that's going to fit in very nicely with the collection. Or if you're, you know, a Disney
nut or you really like Midway Mania. Um, it was, it was cute. Although I didn't, I gotta
be honest, I was talking to the demo guy about a bunch of like other things besides just
the game. Um, so I couldn't tell you like how extensive the game's going to be, but
you know what? It's, it's a Toy Story game. It's, you know what you're going to get.
I am, on the other hand, um, when I got to play the move, I went to a more, I don't know,
real game and I ended up playing Time Crisis, the new one. I don't remember the subtitle.
Oh well. Um, it was great. Uh, the move controller works really well for Time Crisis. Uh, it's
very, very quick in response time when you move it around. I was getting headshots left
and right. Um, I had no problems playing it. In fact, I kind of played, I guess you could
consider it twice because I played with two different people next to me. I just didn't
want to leave and I always totally outdid the, the other people. Um, but I did talk
to the rep that was there and he told me that the game is not only going to have the on-rails
shooter like we all know from Time Crisis, but it will also have one, um, part of the
game where you can just move around and shoot things too. So you're not stuck to those rails.
And also he informed me that the retail copy will come with a move enhanced version of
Time Crisis 4. So you kind of get three games in one. Um, which is great because, uh, Time
Crisis 4, if it's free, it's good. I mean, it's a terrible, terrible Time Crisis game,
but this new one is really fun. So I'm excited. Um, one of the cool things real quick about
it was that the button on the top of the controller acted like your foot pedal in the arcade.
So you would, uh, release it when you want to reload and keep your, um, shield up and
then you would hold it down and then press the trigger button on the underside of the
controller when you'd want to fire. Now, if you take Time Crisis off the rails, though,
is it still really Time Crisis? I don't know. I can't see me playing that, uh, off the rails,
um, section of the game that much because it did sound like they were two completely
separate, uh, parts of the game. Like you can just play the rails game or you can play
the, uh, free roaming one. I don't know how the free roaming one will work and it'll require
for sure at least the, what, the Sony nunchuck, whatever it's called, um, to move around because
I don't think you can really move around with just the move controller. The navigation controller,
if I'm not mistaken, is what they call it. I like to call it, um, the, the, I think it
was like balancing rock from, uh, um, uh, WarioWare, uh, smooth moves because those
little intro things are hilarious. Um, and here's the microphone back. Alright, so we
went over to Nintendo's booth for a little bit and, uh, caught up on some of the stuff
besides the 3DS. Although we did spend a heck of a lot of time with the 3DS again, uh, which
I'll let Shane start in a minute, but I do want to talk about the other games we got
our hands on real quick. Some of the stuff we've been kind of teasing on the Sunday show
a little bit, Wii Party, which I know, um, Loki was kind of making fun of because, oh
my gosh, another mini game collection on the Wii. Who would have thought? But, uh, this
appears to be probably one of the bigger Wii titles they're going to push this holiday,
at least for the family unit. And it did seem like there were tons of mini games, but not
necessarily like the same stuff you would see in other games. It seemed like you would
have these larger games that consisted of a subset of mini games. I mean, kind of like
Mario Party, I guess, if you think about it. Although a lot faster and, um, a little less
cutthroat as I think Bobby might have said in the first half of the show, but I can't
remember because it's been over 24 hours. But the game Shane and I played was funny
because it was like a boat balancing game. I would like to point out real quick about
the cutthroatedness of this game. We argued. Because he did not put his Mii on the right
spot and then tried to blame me. And it wasn't my fault in the least. Well, it's not my fault
you're terrible at Wii Party and, like, you don't take direction. Well, um, but anyway,
that's, we were playing this thing where, like, there was a boat and you didn't want
to tip the boat over. But you had to play little mini games to get the people that you
would put on the boat. And if you passed the mini game, they would be the same weight.
But if you didn't pass the mini game, they would be, like, fat and skinny. And that's
bad. You don't want that. Um, but it's really funny when the boat tips over and everybody
falls in. That was my favorite part. So it was almost, like, worth it to lose miserably.
So that was Wii Party. I'm gonna be honest. I don't know if this is one I would necessarily
buy because I don't have a lot of parties at my one bedroom apartment. But, you know,
I think for the people, if you are getting a lot of use out of Wii Sports and Wii Sports
Resort and the other, you know, major Nintendo releases for party games, this is kind of
a next logical step that I'm sure will end up in a lot of households. Um, I liked Wii
Party a whole lot. My only thing about it is if they try to charge $50 for it and not
throw in, like, an extra controller or something, it's not worth it. Um, it was really fun,
but, like, $25 fun. Nothing higher than that. Um, but after we moved on from, uh, Wii Party,
we went to the Mario Sports Mix game, which was, interestingly enough, on the title screen,
showed that it was, in part, developed by Square Enix. So, what the crap. Um, it had
volleyball and basketball on it, and we played volleyball, and Rob was terrible. But I was
really good, because I got us some points, and I was very good at blocking the shots
from coming over. It was fun. The volleyball was a blast. Um, I kind of wish we had demoed
the basketball, too, but the volleyball had really simple controls, and, um, it was a
good time. Um, it's unfortunate that Shane would lie like that and say that I'm so terrible
when I was the only one running around grabbing all the power-ups, but that's okay. Um, here's
the thing, though. I gotta be honest. The game was almost a little too simple for me.
This is really a kid's game. Um, and you know, it's fine for that audience, but, you know,
I think for the rest of us, I think a lot of people are just gonna see it as, like,
woo, more of the Wii Sports type of stuff. You know, again, if you have that mixed household
that has the kids and the teenagers, maybe even, that would get a kick out of this, it
would probably be worth it. Before the quote-quote hardcore gamer, which is probably most of
the folks that listen to this show, I couldn't really take Mario Sports Mix seriously. And,
um, you know, they try to incorporate some of the Mario elements into it, like the red
shells, you know, and cute little things like that, but I couldn't take it seriously. Which
I think is unfortunate, because I think it'd be a good relaxing game. Um, again, not a
fifty dollar game, which they will charge for it, but a pretty good one just to kinda
hang out and do nothing. Well, if I wanna play a relaxing game, I'll just play Wii Relax,
which was totally absent from E3 this year. Who would've thought? It was like Nintendo
knew to keep, uh, Kami Dunaway and the Wii, uh, Vitality Sensor away from E3, so nobody
would get mad at them. Um, which is great. But moving on to the most, uh, important part
of the show, I think, um, we went back through the 3DS line, which was fantastic to actually
get to go back through and really spend some quality time with, uh, some of the games,
um, demos and videos. Uh, I will, uh, say that they had a, uh, DJ Hero game on there,
which I didn't even really realize. I know they had mentioned it before, but I thought
they weren't, I didn't know it was up there to play. I was so pumped when I saw it, I
hopped right over, and it is an amazing game. Um, it's all the bottom screen, uh, the touchscreen.
You have 3D tracks still, but you only have, um, the little note circles in the middle,
so you just tap the screen wherever you want for that. And then to slide, uh, your crossfader
to the left or right, you slide the stylus on the screen. And it was really good, and
the 3D effects made it kinda neat to see the, uh, the tracks, so to speak, come at you as
you're playing. Um, and you played the DJ Hero, didn't you? Nope, nope, he's shaking
his head, so I guess I won't hand the mic back over. Um, I also played the, uh, Professor
Layton game. It was like Mirror of Something working title, so whatever. Professor Layton
3DS, there we go. Um, it was cool. It was Professor Layton, but, uh, instead of the
typical static screen where you touch things to find clues, you have a, uh, 3D screen on
top and you can use this magnifying glass on the bottom screen. You move it around and
your magnifying glass will change into, like, an orange filled magnifying glass if you find
something to technically click on. Um, that was cool. Uh, the puzzle that you got while
playing was, um, you know, uh, just a standard Professor Layton puzzle. I had to put a robot
together, um, so it wasn't anything big and I didn't really use the 3D, but that was okay
because it was still really fun and Professor Layton. Um, I also played Pilotwings. Uh,
it was just a short demo. I flew a plane through some rings. Uh, it kind of felt like Wii Sports
Resort, uh, more so than Pilotwings, but, you know, that's what they've been making
recently. So, hey, here's Rob. Sorry, I ran out of room real quick. Can I, um, comment
real quick, though, on Professor Layton because I also checked this out. I don't play the
Professor Layton games, though. It was, let me explain, though. When you were up there
demoing the 3DS, it was just a lot, probably all those women you saw at the press conference
were now sitting up on the 3DS stage where you would go up there and they all had DS's
tied to them, but the only kind of, like, problem was there were no signs saying what
game was where. So you kind of would just walk up to women and see what game they had,
you know. Um, which, you know, it's hard to kind of walk away, too, once you kind of get
sucked into a game. Uh, so I checked out Professor Layton, even though I don't know the DS games
at all, like Shane does, but I will say the one thing I noticed was that the 3D effects
were probably the most sharp of almost anything that I demoed. Um, you know, in, in, you know,
my 3D can sometimes be really picky, uh, but I thought Layton had probably some of the
best 3D that I saw. Even though it wasn't, like, gimmicky 3D, like, pop-out things shooting
at you, um, I thought it was just kind of some of the sharpest 3D.
And I think the, um, art style of Professor Layton really is, um, a good match for the
way they did the 3D. It was almost like a pop-up book, so to speak. Um, so I was saying,
yeah, Pilotwings, it's just kind of Wii Sports Resort. It was fun. Um, then, uh, I played
Ridge Racer. Didn't really care for it. I think it's the first handheld Ridge Racer
I did not like. Um, but you played some of Ridge Racer, didn't you?
Yeah, I mean, the controls were kind of dopey-like and just, it was not realistic at all when
you would run into walls. I'm trying not to be too harsh, though, because, you know, early,
early, early, I think it's more of a concept than anything like the actual game. Again,
the 3D effects were pretty cool, though. Um, it took a minute to kind of get it right because,
you know, I think there's a lot going on that your eyes kind of have to catch with the 3D,
but once it kind of clicks, like, I think the 3D effect, obviously, you know, racing
game, um, was really good. But I was more impressed with the visuals and the Mario Kart
concept pre-rendered footage that they had running somewhere else. But at least this
one was playable. But, like, when you would run into walls, your car would just kind of
like turn 20 degrees to one side. It was so not smooth at all. But, again, I really, really
think it's unfair to, like, judge a whole game based off these very, very conceptual
demos. This just wasn't one that made me jump up and down like some of the other concept
demos did.
I would say we have to say maybe conceptual demos because we don't know when these games
are coming out and some of them actually felt pretty polished for demos.
I guess that's true. If this is the game, though, um, it's, uh, I would totally pass
on it until the Mario Kart game comes out as far as I'm concerned. Um, let's see, one
of the games I checked out was Kingdom Hearts, um, although it was not really a game. It
was just kind of a concept thing, uh, where you would watch pre-rendered video. Um, so
really all I can say about it was that it was kind of like watching the opening on the
PS2. I mean, it was, um, the 3D was, you know, there wasn't a lot going on, but it was, I
was more impressed that, wow, this is like PlayStation 2 style graphics on the DS. That
was, um, you know, not, not quite at that caliber, but almost definitely a step above
where it was at before. So that was pretty awesome.
Um, one of the other games I played that I think Shane didn't was Samurai Warriors, which
was like half video, half playable demo. Um, and that was, that was cool. I mean, the playable
demo was very simple. It was just kill, uh, 50 warriors really quick, but the 3D was,
um, they used a lot of it and, uh, you know, not just the depth and running around killing
the warriors, but then like, you know, little anime overlays would come up when you do special
moves and those kind of pop out. And I thought that was pretty cool.
Um, and a game I know I played that, uh, Rob didn't was Nintendogs plus cats. Um, unfortunately
they didn't have the cats, but they did have a couple breeds of dogs. I actually did switch
between breeds just to see if there's any real differences. It was Nintendogs. Um, probably
the coolest thing about it was when I threw the ball and the ball went, you know, 3D into
the back and then he came running back with it and, you know, it was 3D and Nintendogs.
It's going to be boring after a few days, but you know, the first couple of days you'll
really enjoy it. Um, I also saw a few videos and I'll just quickly hit on those. Uh, Paper
Mario, beautiful game. Um, it is like a pop-up book. It was really cool. Um, Metal Gear,
amazing. Uh, I hear a lot of people think it's one of the best videos on the floor.
I can agree. You could move the camera around. It looked like a PS2 game, but in 3D it was
really neat. Um, I saw Dead or Alive on videos just really briefly cause I was like, I don't
care about Dead or Alive, but graphically it looked pretty nice. Um, and then the worst
video goes to Resident Evil because for some reason I could not find the right angle to
look at it. I looked at it straight on like every other demo and sometimes it would be,
you know, in focus and sometimes it would be crazy. Couldn't understand why. Um, but
that was my, uh, entire 3D. Oh no, wait. I took pictures with the 3D camera. Um, they
had that off to the side. I had to hunt for it and those were really cool. Um, you can
actually adjust, uh, like, you know, with the slider how the 3D looks, but there was
also like an option to toggle how the actual 3D looks. Instead of just making a flat image,
you could kind of change, um, the perception, um, on the 3D image itself. I'm kind of pissed
I didn't see that because that was one of the few things I really, really wanted to
see. Um, let's see, out of those that you talked about, I also saw the Resident Evil
1 and I also had a difficult time really seeing the 3D in it, but graphically, wow, wowee
wow. I mean, I don't know if that was pre-rendered video, I'm assuming it was, but if not, wowee
wow. Um, otherwise, I think the only other game I can think of off the top of my head
was, uh, Sims 3, um, that I saw on the DS and, you know, the only real feature they
were showing off was again about picture taking. Um, you could actually take a picture of yourself
using the camera and it would like model your face on the character. I don't think though
that's a, I haven't played the DS one that's out there now, but I'm pretty sure it has
that same feature, at least for the DSi. Um, so, you know, whatevers.
Uh, until I heard that the line was four hours towards the end of the day, I did want to
go back because I somehow missed the Star Fox demo and I really, really wanted to play
that because I heard nothing but good things. Um, so I apologize to anybody that wants to
hear it. I really wanted to play it, but just missed it.
Ditto. I just, you know, just wanted to get my hands on as much stuff as possible. Even
if it was games I wasn't super familiar with, I just wanted to just see as much 3D as possible.
Um, some of the pre-rendered videos though they had were really impressive. Um, what
they kind of did to really help the line situation was that they actually had gals walking around
the line a little bit, kind of showing off the DSs they had. So you could actually see
the 3DS before you really got on the stage, but all they would show was just like some
pre-rendered concept videos. But man, there was one, and I know Shane feels differently
about this one, but there was one with like a champagne cork popping up and like all the
confetti and streamers would pop out of the bottle. And it was the one thing where I really
felt like the images were not going in a hall or whatever, like the depth is going back.
I felt like the images were really popping out, like it was really astounding.
My favorite thing from that video, and you're right, I did not like the champagne bottle
um, popping with the streamers. It just, not because of, I thought it was terrible looking,
it just kind of made me a little bit dizzy feeling because of the way my eyes were focusing
on it. But um, they had a pre-rendered picture that you can move around of Pikmin, and I
love Pikmin, and that made me really really really need a Pikmin game for this 3DS.
It felt like the other Final Fantasy games that are on the DS right now. I guess the
big thing is hats. You put on hats and it changes your jobs, and anybody can be like
any job, so I guess maybe it's got like a 5 thing going with it, but I really didn't
spend enough time with a floor demo to really comment any further. I think if you like the
Final Fantasy 3 and 4 on DS, this is probably right up your alley.
I played it a little bit too. Unfortunately the demo I picked up, somebody had just finished
playing, and they died. So one of my characters was dead and I had no magic to use, so it
was really boring to me. But, for me, the 3DS versions of the Final Fantasy games felt
too slow, and this one was no exception, so I was not really digging it.
You're just a hater. But I will say this, I thought it was really cute how in the demo
they definitely had programmed it as an E3 demo. It really reminded me of a few years
ago there was a Katamari Damacy game coming out that was specifically for E3 and the king
would talk about E3 and stuff. That was kind of similar to this little demo they had. The
little characters in the village talked about, you know, we worked really hard on this demo,
we hope you enjoy it. It was really funny. I like cute little things like that. It makes
the demo games feel that much more special.
That's like the ghost trick demo that we played. They had a lot of references to how it was
just a demo, that the retail version would be different, and that was fun. Oh my god,
the dog in that game is adorable. I know we've already talked about it, but it was great.
Now let's bring this podcast down a little bit. I went to play Final Fantasy XIV. The
good news is the character creation is fun. It's got some really nice options, especially
if you played XI, you know you were very limited in what you can do, but this one gives you
not a whole bunch more options, but far more than you ever had in Final Fantasy XI. I had
highlights in my hair that were blue. I could change to many different hairstyles, many
different eye colors, many different skin colors. They also had adjustable voices, adjustable
features like scars and stuff like that, and nose and chins and mouth options. It was crazy.
The bad news is the combat is awful. Absolutely terrible. They told us that the beta build
that we were playing was different from the current alpha that players are playing right
now. The combat is one of the most clunky combat schemes I've ever seen, and I played
Final Fantasy XI, so I know clunky combat. So what they had us do was get into a party
and start this thing called a guild leave, which was awesome. It's a quest where you
can select different styles of play, like solo, duo, party, something else, and all
your server, something like that, for difficulty, so you could get better rewards or maybe do
a quicker quest and still do the same quest. They had three of us join up as a group, and
we had to go kill crabs. So we found the crabs after some terrible walking with bad cameras,
but they said the cameras would be fixed, so hopefully that's true. Found the crabs!
The first thing you have to do before you initiate battle is unsheathe your weapon.
Not a big deal. Then you have to target your enemy by clicking on it. Kind of getting annoying.
Then you run up to the enemy, and you have this stamina bar that's not unlike the Final
Fantasy XIII gauge, where you could queue up actions, and once the bar is filled up,
it'll take those actions. So once you do that, and you make sure your enemy is targeted,
you will unleash attacks. The combat, though, is so fast that you just don't have time to
really think about what you're doing. There's no on-screen text besides in your little chat
log to tell you if you're too far away or if you can't perform that action. Constantly
I thought I had the enemy targeted, but I accidentally clicked on myself, so nothing
was happening. But I didn't really realize this, because there were not enough on-screen
commands to tell me I was doing something wrong. I really, really hope they fix that
because, I mean, I'll still get the game. I won't be able to help myself. But it's going
to make the game a little less fun for me if I can't even attack an enemy. Granted,
I was a class I never would have played to begin with, the gladiator class. I definitely
would have been the mage or the lancer had I known. I just had to sit at a different
chair. But I don't know. I don't have high hopes for the combat, especially since it's
just not that great.
Here's the thing. I think Shane is being a little harsh on the game. I will say this.
I observed, because Shane wouldn't let me play. But the game was beautiful. Oh my god,
it was so pretty to look at, especially for an MMO. I thought it was great. I think this
is a game that is very hard for Square to demo at an expo like E3. I think a game like
this takes a big learning curve, and I think that's part of the reason Shane had a lot
of problems is that I think he got thrown right into this thing and was being told,
okay, do this, now this, now this, now this. You know, I'm almost kind of like, you know
what, the dude should have just sat there and played it and we should have watched.
I mean, I think it was just too much for Shane to kind of like have to do it once. I think
when you play the actual game, you'll kind of learn how to do it piece by piece. Like
remember how the biggest complaint about 13, it takes forever to unfold? Well, you know,
a lot of it's teaching you a little piece of the game at a time. And I just think the
way they demoed it kind of bit him a little bit. I think when the actual game comes out,
it won't bug Shane as much. That's just personal logic.
Yeah, and I can kind of agree with that. I still would like to see a little bit more
of the interface changed. Like if I'm too far away from an enemy, I don't need a little
box in the corner telling me that. I need something on screen. Might be because I'm
used to WoW, but that effectively gets me to realize that I'm too far away. The other
thing that I would like to see changed and could probably have helped a lot is the pointer
on screen was not very smooth. Like you would move your mouse and then the pointer would
move very slowly, not responsive compared to what you're moving on the mouse. If they
can speed that up, get it kind of like to a 1 to 1 ratio, your movement speed, it'd
probably help a little bit more. But by the time I was able to like click on the button
to go use my TP, the fight was over and it kind of sucked.
Again though, I think that's a problem with the demo, not the game.
I've heard it's the same for the alpha, but it might still be alpha related.
Well, I will say this, as somebody who's sunk a couple years into Final Fantasy XI, conceptually
I really like a lot of the things they did with XIV. I just think I can really see where
they've tried to make an effort to have things more solo-able, like with these guild lives
with the different levels of difficulty. I thought that was really cool and I just loved
how the quest start was right there, the quest turn in was right there when you finished,
everything was very instant gratification. Those of you that have played XI know it's
a lot of walking and running around and slow moving game. It definitely feels like they've
kind of picked up the pace a little bit in XIV. Conceptually, I was really a fan of the
stuff they implemented that I saw.
Another cool thing, because I'm not all boo-hoo on this game, especially after today we watched
the trailer on Rob's TV and like I told him, I was like, well, this trailer just changed
my mind, I'm going to play again. It was just cut scenes. Another cool thing about the guild
leaves is that if you're someone that likes to grind in games and just not read anything,
any enemies you have to kill for guild leaves have little guild leave markers next to their
name so you know you can avoid everybody else and just focus on those same enemies. Though
that does bring me to another thing I forgot to mention is that when we were killing the
crabs, because that's what we had to do, one crab, before it died, started to run away
and those suckers moved fast and they could not catch up. Part of the way you regain health
is you sheath your weapon. Well, you've got to stop to sheath your weapon, the animation
forces you to. So he's still running away, I'm trying to sheath my weapon, so it stops
me, he's getting farther ahead, and I probably would not have known where to go unless the
representative had to tell me where to go because I lost sight of him. Something to
keep in mind though, didn't you want the crabs to run ahead? Because didn't they take you
to a room that had the other monsters in it that you needed to kill? It almost seemed
like that was part of it. It did seem like it was part of it but one thing, and I'm not
sure because I was one of the people that didn't read the leave at all because it wasn't
on my screen, until we actually got to that room where we had to kill water elementals
too, the water elementals did not appear as part of the quest as what I had to kill. It
wasn't until I got to that room where their name appeared below my crabs I've killed.
So I don't know if that triggered more to the quest or if it just didn't show up until
I got closer to those enemies. Hmm, interesting. Alright, well let's move on from Final Fantasy
XIV and talk about some of the other games we saw. I know Civilization V was another
game we had a little time to sit down and have a demo done for us, we didn't get to
play it, but it was a really gorgeous game. Of course they had it running on their best
system, but you can really see the level of detail. Fully animated leaders of the other
worlds for those that have played other Civilization games before. What I really like they've done
with it is that now they're all voice over too in their native languages. So Napoleon
actually speaks French at you, although of course there's English subtitles, and so on.
Right on down to Monzuma speaks old antiquated languages. Very cool stuff. The hexagonal
shift is kind of new. There's a new thing that they put in there, and I'm terrible I
forgot the name of it and I should have taped the thing yesterday so I can remember, but
they reminded me of like talent trees in Diablo or WoW, where as you put your points in these
certain trees it kind of has this effect on your civilization, which I thought was kind
of neat. So yeah Civ V I'll definitely be looking at, but you know I know you Civ fans,
you know, if you played enough Civ III and IV you're going to get this game no matter
what I tell you. So I think though they're really trying and it was again very pretty
to look at. Now Shane, you don't really care for the Civ series, but I made you sit through
the demo anyway. It's not that I don't care for the Civilization series, it's more that
I don't do strategy games. I don't have the patience, nor the I'm guessing brain power
to do them, but I'm glad I watched the Civ V demo because it actually looked really interesting.
It looked kind of like a SimCity style game and I know it's not, but there were so many
aspects that you can focus on in that game instead of just all out battling it looked
like that. It might be something I give a shot. It was funny and like I said with Dead
Rising I'm scared of zombies, but the game was funny so I'm probably going to play it.
Civ V I'm scared of strategy games, but it was funny so I'm probably going to try it.
Alright whatever makes it work, huh? Alright I guess the very last game there is to talk
about is Puzzle Quest 2. Yeah I know we saved the best for last. No I mean it was cute.
Although yeah the main battle is more of the same, but hey hold on. There seems to be a
lot more mini games. That's one of the first things I noticed. Like you know in the original
Puzzle Quest there were games that you would do to take over the cities and all that stuff.
It seems like they've built more of those types of games in Puzzle Quest 2 and that's
one of the biggest differences I noticed off the bat. And you can play those mini games
on demand which was cool too. I'm kind of dumb because I just remembered a really good
thing I've tested out on Puzzle Quest 2 was the campaign mode because I know it was there.
I just went to quick battle, but yeah it was more of the same. Graphically nothing really
changed. We played the DS version just so you know. We had people next to us playing
the 360 one, whatever. Quick battle was just pick a character, fight a goblin, win. Except
I lost the first one. Won the second one. But I forgot to try the campaign mode because
that's the thing that was supposed to be overhauled. So that sucks. Guess we'll have to wait until
the full release. Oh well. Alright so before we wrap up, Shane I'll ask you kind of the
same thing that I asked Bobby and put him on the spot with. What was the thing that
most surprised you about E3? This is actually easy. The 3DS. And we all knew it was coming.
Didn't know in what form. And you know I was one of the skeptical people. I knew I'd buy
it regardless because it's a Nintendo handheld. You can't go wrong. But I was surprised by
the I don't know how much it really changed some of those games to me. Like seeing DJ
Hero with the track coming at you was such an interesting idea compared to just seeing
it flat. Kind of scrolling down the screen. Seeing freaking Nintendogs. Not the best of
demos but just kind of seeing that they had this 3D version of it and being able to see
the ball go in the distance and then come back in his mouth. It was just really interesting.
I was really surprised by how much I ended up liking that little system. For me probably
two things. Number one I think what most people are probably thinking and surprised them about
E3 even sitting at home. Microsoft's and Nintendo's switching places this year where Microsoft
was totally catering to the casual crowd and Nintendo finally gave I think what a lot of
us were bitching about the past two years what we finally wanted. Yeah Kid Icarus namely
in the 3DS and just Reggie getting out there and going and here's a game and here's a game
and here's a game and now you shut the fuck up about how bad the Wii is. That's really
what his press conference was. Pretty cool. And then Microsoft just kind of really kind
of putting all their chips on the casual market so we'll see how it pays off for them. I don't
know I'm interested in some of the extra gaming. I gotta say the exercise gaming or whatever
it's called. Not feeling so much on the casual titles that are coming out for Kinect. So
we'll see if the gamble pays off. Sony's just kind of doing their thing and you know now
Valve's there and now they're going to have motion but unfortunately for Sony I don't
think there's a whole lot on the motion controller I feel like I have to have. I'm not going
to buy one because there's nothing I really want to play that needs the motion controller
but I will buy LittleBigPlanet 2 that's for damn sure. I'd like to comment real quick
about the role reversal. This E3 everybody knows that before this E3 it's Microsoft vs
Sony with Nintendo doing their own thing. Now it seems like it's Microsoft vs Nintendo
with Sony doing their own thing. It's very interesting how everything just kind of switched
with Microsoft still being like you know I'm going to bite off you and not care about these
other people. Just like they were doing with Sony to Nintendo and now Nintendo to Sony.
And in your comment in regards to the move I always feel like if I can find one game
that I know I will play a lot of for a system or accessory I will get it and that will be
time crisis. That's enough for me to justify at least a move controller maybe not the move
you know balancing stone or whatever it's called. Well we'll see maybe there will be
a game that will change my mind. Maybe it's Sing Star Dance who knows but I somehow doubt
it. Alright the thing that most surprised me otherwise DC Universe. I was like so I
just was loving that game and it's not. I was really caught by surprise. I thought it
was just going to be like another MMO I wouldn't really give a second thought to although I
thought the cross platform was cool. But yeah I definitely want to check that game out when
it comes out now. But you know what always happens to games we call one of the best of
E3. I'm not saying DC Universe is necessarily best of E3. I think that prize would really
go to 3DS but you know it usually happens with our best of E3 picks. They come out and
they're not so great. Remember Nintendogs anybody? Okay so Shane what about the thing
that disappointed you the most? Would it be like Microsoft like a lot of people at home
are thinking or? No I wouldn't say it was Microsoft because I'm not a huge fan of theirs
anyway I was actually you know kind of happy with them in terms of their new hardware.
Finally getting that wireless adapter built inside instead of having another hundred dollar
attachment to pay for. I would say what really disappointed me this E3 was the lack of playable
demos for big games that will sell tons of copies. If you didn't have an appointment
you couldn't play Guitar Hero. You couldn't play DJ Hero 2. You couldn't play the new
Call of Duty. You couldn't play anything at Bethesda. Portal 2 wasn't even anywhere in
playable form and that's a huge title. There was no announcements for Dragon Age 2 which
has already gotten a release date. Thank you Dragon Age Awakening for bundling that in
and teasing me. So I was just disappointed at the lack of playable big titles or even
titles that have been previously mentioned and were nowhere on the floor. I'll pretty
much agree with what Shane's saying as far as the biggest disappointment but I'll just
sum it up all in one game. The one game I would have really liked to play on the show
floor, that Child of Eden game looked pretty bad ass and I really wanted to check that
out and I was extremely disappointed I wouldn't be able to. Also there was a huge line for
Metroid Other M because it's the one thing in Nintendo I didn't end up playing because
I didn't want to sit in that line. I'll just have to check it out when the game comes out.
So you know we've kind of had 3DS dominate a lot of the conversation we've had over the
past couple days. So Shane I'll give you one more reason to talk about it. When do you
think the system is going to come out and how much? Place your bets. Okay so it's Nintendo.
They've never done a system that's been over $300. They've never done a handheld that's
been over $200. Actually $190 I think is the max they've gone with this DSi XL. I will
say that I would hope the system comes out at $200 because I don't think they'll go lower
than that. But I would expect the system to come out at $250 because of the technology
and all the stuff it can do. As for when it comes out they've already said it'll be by
the end of the fiscal year which will be March 2011. I will say and it'll be wrong but I'll
say in America we'll get it this holiday. My only reasoning for that is because Nintendo
has nothing for this holiday at all. They have nothing to compete with the move. Nothing
to compete with Kinect. I think the only real holiday titles they have coming are Donkey
Kong which I don't think is big enough to support the Wii, and Wii Party which is definitely
not big enough to support the Wii this holiday, and then for DS Golden Sun. And I'm not even
sure if that's towards the holiday or if it's just standard fall. So I'm going to go with
$250 realistically and this holiday. I'm going to say Nintendo goes all the way to March
2011. Actually no I'm going to say February 2011. Maybe they'll do like a Valentine's
Day thing I don't know. I'm going to say February 2011. I will also say $250 but you will get
a bundle in game and movie. I think you're going to get they're going to try to sweeten
the pot with some nice bundles. Although the game will not be Kid Icarus so don't get your
own tropes up. The game will be something else and the movie will be one of those Disney
things that are being demoed out on the floor. Although well maybe not. I guess it might
have to be something Nintendo related but we'll see. I think they'll do that or maybe
like you know what it'll be? It'll be a bunch of like 3D movie trailers. There'll be like
one cartridge that's just like 3D experience and it's going to be all these movies and
things we saw on the show floor just in one cartridge. I bet it will be that and then
like a game. And then I'm saying February 2011 and I'm just going to say Reggie's going
to try to push all those Wii titles for the holiday season. I think I disagree with Shane.
I think Wii Party as much as we don't think is enough to sustain them through their holiday
season. I think that's going to be their big holiday push. And then for the hardcore crowd
they're going to be like hey you got Goldeneye and you got the Kirby over here and all this
other stuff. Yeah Goldeneye was this year right? The demo we played felt really done
so I would think Goldeneye is maybe this year. I hear that the Zelda demo felt really done
too and that's not until next year. Thanks Nintendo. Oh I was going to say I thought
you meant Zelda on the 3DS and I was going to go well there's maybe your pack in game.
That no because they can make tons of money off of that. I was thinking maybe Nintendogs
and like nope that will make a ton of money. There's nothing that Nintendo showed that
they would pack in. Maybe another Metroid Prime first hunt or something. Again I think
it's going to be the 3D buffet. It's basically all the demos we saw on one cartridge. I wouldn't
put it past them though to do Nintendogs plus cats. Why not? They did a Nintendogs bundle
before. Maybe but I think that was after the game had already come out and it was for like
a special thanksgiving bundle. I feel like they could make too much money off of that.
And I didn't even think about this but the price of the games. I wonder if they'll be
higher than the DS or not because they're on new. It is a new format it looks like the
cartridges do look a little different. I have a picture. It's not the same. Of course they'll
be more expensive of course. About 5 to 10 dollars more expensive. No I can do 5 I can't
do 10. I do not want $50 handheld games. I'm sick of $40 ones already. Alright let's wrap
up. The thing you most want to see at E3 2011 or what one thing you want to see changed
for E3 2011? What I want to see changed? Not what game I want to see? Either. I'll do both.
I want less closed doors. You know if it's a press event all the press should be able
to see whatever. You shouldn't have to make an appointment. You should have a press only
area but not an appointment. Second thing I want to see? Or game I want to see? Uncharted
3. I don't even know. Next year I want to see them reopen Kensha Hall and not use it
as a parking lot. That would be pretty cool. Help thin out the crowds a little bit and
give the indies and foreign companies more place to grow. That would be really cool.
And I would like to see some of the game companies that are too good for booths these days come
back. That's what I would like to see happen. Yeah I'm kind of with Shane. I get the appointment
thing though. I understand. Especially with something like 14. I think they should have
done that by appointment. I think it should have been more like the Civ 5 thing where
someone else demoed it. But that's just me. I get it sometimes. So anyway that's it. We're
going to wrap up and call it a podcast. Thank you guys for listening to these special podcasts.
I know the audio quality has been kind of crap compared to the shows. I know you guys
miss Jamie's Classic Game of the Week and Loki's Rants. But don't worry. It is all coming
back this Sunday night. We're going to have DarkSakura and Loki and myself all kind of
wrapping up E3 all over again and picking up on some of the other news that happened
while the event was going on. So that's going to do it. Thank you so much for tuning in
and downloading the little show. Rob Robertson Pals, our E3 specials. See you Sunday night
for more Orange Lounge Radio. Goodbye.
