Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Microsoft's next great interactivity machine just got a little more distant as they've announced that HoloLens won't initially be targeted for gaming or entertainment.
But don't let that get you down, there's plenty more news as well as your comments, calls, and feedback, all happening right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, tonight with episode number 606 for this July the 19th of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts, or on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E, here with you over the next three hours or so to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle, with my co-hosts here in studio with me tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki!
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah? Now what's this about, you're starting a health food craze? Like, is health frozen over? What's happening?
No, no, as I've been...
You okay?
Well, I hope to be better or not. So, you know, as I mentioned before, I've been trying to eat healthier, because I haven't been eating too healthy, and so, you know, originally I had cut out soda, which I'm still doing, aside from, you know, the occasional Red Bull maybe once a day, not every day though.
And then I cut out fast food, so that was this week. I haven't been eating, actually may have actually been part of the last week even, so I've been just having Subway instead of McDonald's or Burger King or Jack in the Box or anything like that.
And so I've been just eating...
Are you going on the Subway diet?
I'm not going on the Subway diet.
I don't want to get tacky, but I hear they need a new spokesperson.
I'm not going on the Subway diet. I'm just going on the... I'm not eating, you know, a hamburger diet, I guess. But then, no, and then on top of that, if anybody knows me pretty well, they know that I don't eat salad. I hate salad. I don't eat salad.
So today I'm eating salad, so...
What?
Yeah. Well, it's not really salad because the reason I don't like salad, most of the reason is I don't like the texture of salad. Like, literally eating leaves makes me want to gag. It's like my body's like, this isn't meat. Throw this up. Throw this up. You're not going to eat this.
Were you averse to things like Princess Tomato and the Salad Kingdom too?
I don't know about that. Maybe. So I know I found something, like, I was going shopping today because I was originally going to start a diet called Keto, but it's really hard on your body. It's supposed to be a high-fat, moderate protein, low-carb diet, and there's just no way.
Like, it's just, it's going to do a number on me if I tried to do that. So I had to find something kind of in the middle ground. So I did this, and I bought a bunch of stuff for salad today, but what I did instead of buying, actually, like, salad leaves and stuff is I found broccoli slaw, which is, like, they take broccoli and carrots and, like, was it radicchio and stuff like that, and they just kind of, like, cut it down, like, almost like shaved.
It's just really small pieces, but, like, I tried it, and it doesn't taste like anything. It's just kind of, like, I don't know.
You gotta find what works for you.
Yeah, exactly. So it's healthy, but it doesn't taste bad. It doesn't taste, like, really anything, so I'm like, fuck it, I'll eat that.
Everybody's got their thing too. Like, me, it's mayonnaise. If mayonnaise, like, when you talk about cold slaw, I'm like, ugh, because you know what's usually in that.
So yeah, so today I cooked, I grilled some chicken, and I cooked, you know, some peppers and onions and garlic and celery and then cut up some tomatoes, radishes.
So I threw that all together and ate it for lunch, and that's what I had. It was pretty close to a salad, minus, you know, actual, like, salad leaves.
I mean, but it's got broccoli in it. I mean, shit, that's fucking healthy.
Alright, there he is. Broccoli and shit.
It's not cooked, though. It's not cooked.
The Loki diet. Broccoli and shit. It's fucking healthy.
So that's what I'm gonna eat. That's what I packed for lunch for tomorrow and, like, and I've been, like, eating nuts and stuff instead of, like, having, you know, you know, almonds.
Not testicles. That's just gross. I just don't feel like, you know, having cow testicles or anything like that.
Alright. Alright, well good luck with your lifestyle adjustment.
And here's the thing, even, like, with the two weeks, I mean, just even cutting out soda and stuff, I've already lost five pounds, so.
Wow! The first, the first five-
Well, it's because I ate, like, shit. Like, I was literally, like, eating, like, McDonald's and then going home and, like, having a bunch of cereal or something like that and just, and having soda to go along with that and snacking with soda during the day and having, for breakfast, you know, like, eggs, bacon and hash browns and stuff.
Yeah, just eating, like, cutting down half of that stuff, you know, just even just switching to, like, a sandwich that cuts out, like, 2,000 calories right there.
Good, good for you. Count the calories and do what you gotta do.
I didn't need any of that. I mean, I felt, like, crappy eating that stuff anyway, so now I just feel really tired.
I was so goddamn cranky this weekend, though, because I was trying to cut, like I said, getting prepped for that other diet before I aborted that last minute.
Alright, Loki, it's not a diet show. It's a video game show.
Yeah, whatever. I played video games, too, so.
Alright, no, we'll get to that, but I also have to introduce Dark Sakura tonight, but there's a little twist to this.
Dark Sakura's gonna join us by phone here and we'll explain why in a minute, so we're giving Dark Sakura's cell phone a call right now.
I'm privileged enough to know her number and I'm sorry I'm not gonna give it to you, but hopefully she'll pick up because I warned her I was going to be calling, so I think she's there.
Hello.
Hey, Jamie, how you doing?
Um, I'm very happy right now.
Are you? Why aren't you here at Studio N7 right now doing Orange Lounge Radio? What's going on, girl?
I'm full of rum.
Rum? You've been drinking?
And I found a screwdriver on my friend's couch.
Wait a minute, are you drunk right now?
Yes.
So, did you-
So why aren't you on the show right now?
Well, she is here on the show, she's not here here on the show. Am I to understand, you've called in drunk to the show tonight.
Bitch, I might have.
So what's going- you got like a friend from out of town, like way out of town visiting, and you're having like a girl's party day or something, right?
I have a friend from Japan visiting at Julie's house, and so Dan and I have come here, and my intention was to drive right over after maybe having a drink, and a drink turned into five.
Well, good on you for being adult enough to not drink and drive, so you know, we can all respect that.
I've now had seven shots of rum.
Well-
I have unleashed the Kraken upon my liver.
Once you've recognized you've crossed that point of no return, you just say, eh, fuck it. There you go.
Did you- I don't know if you could hear the opening minutes of the show, but did you hear that Loki is going on a diet, and he's been eating broccoli slaw, and like all this- this is why it took me a minute to get to you.
It's because the world is stopping right now.
Did he get replaced with a pod person?
What?
I understand the concern, but no, I'm still gonna eat bacon.
Bacon's good. I can have bacon on my diet.
There you go. Isn't your diet the fuck it diet?
No, no, no, no, no. I'm on keto.
Oh, that's where Loki looked at it before.
It's just sort of like, fuck it except carbs.
There it is. Loki was thinking about that one. He just mentioned that a minute.
Over at our chatroom, we are joined-
Rum is low carb.
We are joined by our chatroom every week.
We do tape live Sunday nights at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
If you are listening live at vognetwork.com, join our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com.
Oh my god, I love the chatroom. I want to hug them all.
They love you too, Jamie.
Except, except, except for, um, let's see, people, because they might be kind of smelly.
Yeah, I would name people by name tonight, Jamie. That's not a good thing to do.
Uh, Brad from Pod Culture says-
I don't name anybody. I'm a good girl who does not name people by name. I just talk about them anonymously.
Brad from Pod Culture says, so, Jamie is phoning this one in? Yes, apparently she is.
Uh, Fifth Dream says, hug me first.
Technically, Rob called me.
Alright, well look, there's a good reason we had to have you on the program tonight though,
because you went on another adventure this weekend, right?
I did and I broke myself.
Alright, tell us about this. Where did you go? How did you break yourself? What happened?
I went to California King yesterday that was a big ballroom filled with glorious games.
It was beautiful, except they didn't have a theater of magic, so it was pissed.
Melody and I, like, went on, like, an hour long hunt for a theater of magic,
and then ended up getting distracted by Come On Baby, which we ended up playing Come On Baby.
Is that the one where, like, you hit the buttons really fast to make the babies, like,
climb up the ladders and do all that weird stuff? That they have that at golf movies?
Yeah, they're, like, drowning to death and you have to, like, come up and, like, make them swim up and then
boost up through the water. That sounds dark. And then the DDR part.
So there were just video games everywhere. There was, like, music games and pinball games.
Oh my god, I was surrounded. I thought that I needed to change my underwear.
Wait, say that last part again? Wait, what?
I was surrounded by so many games, I needed to change my underwear.
It was beautiful. It was blissful.
So, what was, like, what was, like, the best thing you saw there, where you were, like,
oh my god, I can't believe I'm playing this?
The Money Corner, because they had a Kraken GJ.
Oh my god, I haven't played Kraken GJ in years.
Fuck, this still exists. Like, oh boy, it sucks.
And I played Beatmania the final and I played Beatmania 3 and I did not play 2DX, oddly enough,
but I did play some DER. They had a 5th mix.
And I played Papa Music Fantasia and I played Papa Music Mickey and I played Para Para,
which is how I broke my hip, like an old lady. I played a bunch of pinball.
How did you break your hip playing Para Para?
Okay, I did Deluxe. It was my last song and I had already done Night of Fire and Boom of Fire,
which was pretty easy. But there's this part in Deluxe where you have to, like, move to the side
and then you lift your knee up and twist your hip a little bit.
And I don't know, it was just, like, the most tiny little move, but it made my hip just go,
no, you have back problems, bitch, stop playing.
So I took coding and felt kind of better and then I didn't play anything more Para Para after that.
Although, like, one completely random guy did Belfar for me just because I wanted to see it.
Nice.
And I played a bunch of pinball and I played Versus Castlevania and Mouse Trap
and I just dropped that screwdriver. Shit.
Now, I'm pissed because I didn't get to go to California Extreme.
I wanted to go and I was planning on going and I wanted to see everybody,
but, I mean, I've been dealing with a case of food poisoning this week.
I mean, just putting it out, that's what it is.
It's good for eating bad food.
Yeah, I know. It's pretty much what I get. But, yeah, Friday, Saturday was not good.
I'm doing better now. Like, I'm eating cookies now. I feel much better because I made them.
I made cookies and you're not even here to eat them.
I can't have them because I'm a good girl.
But, yeah, so I unfortunately missed out on California Extreme.
I've been drinking rum all night.
But I know that California Extreme isn't just an entire room full of old games and pinball machines,
although that's probably the coolest part.
But they also do panels and talks and they have some of the classic game makers there.
Did you get to experience any of that or nah, you were just focused on games?
I was going to go to the Atari panel, but instead I went to the one right before that, which was the Crazy Auto panel.
I don't know how many people know the trivia, but Crazy Auto was what turned into Ms. Pac-Man.
They were a group of MIT dropouts who basically were trying to make speed-up kits.
Because back in the day, arcade owners wanted speed-up kits so that people wouldn't just, you know,
beat a whole game or play for hours on one quarter.
So they tried to find randomizers and ways to speed things up.
And the guys started off doing a missile command speed-up, and then they got sued by Atari,
and then Atari was like, wait, this is stupid, let's hire them instead.
So they hired them.
And that's where Super Missile Command came from.
The same group also did Ms. Pac-Man, but it started off with Crazy Auto.
There's this kid there who's like 14, but he started when he was 10 just collecting classic games.
Because he didn't like any of the current games.
And he ended up buying a Ms. Pac-Man for 100 bucks that didn't work.
Turned out all it needed was a fuse replaced.
So his dad replaced the fuse and he had a working Ms. Pac-Man.
So he found like ROMs and dumped them and reskinned them into Crazy Auto.
And it was pretty cool.
The guy who created Crazy Auto was there doing the panel with him.
So it was a pretty neat thing.
But I mean, there's heck of this guy who's 14.
Well, right now he's 14.
He's no code, yet still managed to do all this, design the back glass and everything.
I was like, well done kid, and I'm glad your parents didn't, you know, like ground you or anything.
That's rad.
Yeah, and that's one of the...
I'm almost more upset I missed that stuff because those stories are awesome.
And I wish I could have been there to try to invite these people on the show too to share them here too.
But you know, it is what it is.
I have to take care of myself.
But you know, all the video games are cool too.
I wish I could have played my Journey, but I guess I'll just have to wait for next year.
Oh, Rob, you missed it.
There was a Journey pinball.
Like the band Journey?
Yeah, someone did a conversion of...
I forgot what it was, but they made it into a Journey pinball.
That is outstanding.
I took pictures for you though.
You can pet it if you want to.
The pictures, I mean, not the machine.
I will pet both. I'll do what I want.
But I can hope that maybe some of that stuff will show up at a...
I think they're full on converting this Rockage.
Remember we were talking about that and I went to that earlier this year.
I believe the full on conversion is beginning, that it will be MagWest this upcoming year.
And I'm hoping a lot of that same stuff will show up there.
So I don't have to wait an entire year for California Streaming.
I'm hoping.
So weren't any new tables there. I mean, the newest one there was KISS.
There was the original Proto Big Bang bar there, not the Repro ones.
Like I said, Melody and I went on a big hunt for Theater of Magic, but we didn't find any.
The Bimani section, though, was freaking nuts.
I mean, there were three DVR machines in the pump-it-up.
And then there was a Juke Beat, DJ Max Technica.
There were two pop music. There was a full band of Guitar Freaks, Drummania, and Keyboardmania III.
Aw, I love Keyboardmania. I'm gonna play that game forever.
Yeah, I saw that you. I took a good picture for you.
Thank you.
There was a pop music Disney. There was a dance maniac, JParadise2.
Now see, when I went four years ago, I think there was maybe a DVR machine, a Beatmania machine.
That was it, although I was still happy to have that.
So that stuff just totally exploded, but in a good way.
There was a Kraken DJ, two Beatmanias, the final.
Yeah, the two Beatmania finals were the Beatmania III caps.
Wait, let me ask this question, because you're just making me jealous naming all this off.
Let me ask this question, though, because I'm curious.
You would think if we all get excited about these old-school arcade games and things,
that maybe there would be places that would be open more often, like arcades, where we could go play these more often.
But unfortunately, as we know, the arcade scene has been dying and being replaced with ticket-spitting redemption machines, Vegas for Children.
How was the attendance there? I mean, was it very well-attended?
It was busy.
Was it?
It was pretty loaded. I mean, like I said, people were around the nice turntable.
But it was a pretty good crowd. It was very busy. It definitely had the con funk about it.
Or maybe that was just the Jehovah's Witnesses next door.
This was also the Jehovah's Witness conference.
Wait a minute, the Jehovah's Witness were having a conference next door at the same time as California Stream?
Seriously.
It was like being at AX a few years ago all over again.
That's like when I went to the Rocky Horror Picture Show convention that was right next door to the gun show.
Mm-hmm.
Good times.
Well, there was actually someone that had one of the things that feel like a cabinet.
Oh, nice.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah.
And there were a few different, like the Hercules table was there again, which is like the giant-sized pinball table that uses a pool cue as a pinball.
Oh my gosh.
There were a few different conversions.
There were like three mini ultra-cades, like pin ultra-cades, that had like portal pinball on one of them and a few of the other pinball effects in the various video pinball ones.
Wait, William Murderface wants to know, did the Jehovah's Witness try to give you pamphlets?
No, we scared them off.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
All these suits and everything, I'm like, dude, why are these people here? Oh, Jehovah's Witness is okay.
Oh my gosh.
That was cool.
Well, Jamie-
A few of them did make it into the game floor, but that was pretty funny.
Oh, so some of them paid to get in and play some games, huh? That's fun. Good times.
Yep.
All right. Well, Jamie, I'm going to wrap up so we can get on and talk about gaming news tonight, but you're missed over here at Studio N7, but have fun tonight, okay?
What did you throw at me?
What?
You said you missed me. What did you throw?
A cookie, because you're not here.
Oh my god.
Rob, there's Red Velvet cookies over here, but I didn't eat any of them because I'm a good girl.
Put them in a bag-
I'm just going to drink, Mom.
Put them in a bag and get them over to me. I love Red Velvet. Come on.
Rob, even though it's funny, I'm literally like five minutes away from you.
That is hilarious. I don't know how to feel, but so you're like five minutes away and you're still too drunk to be here. That's all right. No, I understand.
I don't want you to- I don't want you to drink.
Well, I can absolutely drive me over, but I would just be like-
Yeah, it's okay. It's okay. You're a bit of a hot mess, but that's why we love you.
Kaijuto and Chad says she sounds loaded, so-
What? I'm loaded?
You sound loaded.
I am, and just like, I'm going to have some more.
I'm seven shots of crack and rum in, and guess what?
I agree with my friend George because crack and rum makes every drink taste like cookies.
Oh my gosh. All right. Well, be safe and don't drink too much, okay?
Karen's driving, so what the hell do I care?
All right. Well, I don't want you to end up in the hospital.
All right. All right, Jamie. We're going to let you guys so we can move on with the show, but have fun. Tell everyone we said hi.
Hey, guess what? Guess what? Guess what?
What?
I love you guys and I love the chat room.
For dinner.
Bye, Jamie.
Bye.
The lovely dark Sakura, ladies and gentlemen, joining us by phone because she's too drunk to OLR tonight.
Oh, Loki, and here you are sitting here eating your broccoli slaw.
I already eat my broccoli. I mean, that's nuts.
Listening to that. All right. No, California Streams sounds like a lot of fun. I'm really pissed I didn't get to go, but, you know, it is what it is.
We're going to move into how is your gaming week here in just a moment, but I did want to just do a little bit of a follow up here because, you know, last week on the show, we were a little bit taken by surprise.
I shouldn't say a little bit, a lot of it taken by surprise with the passing of Satoru Iwata, which the news had broke about his passing only about 45 minutes before we went live last week.
And so, you know, we let known many of our thoughts and things on last week's show.
So if you haven't heard 605 yet, definitely download that right at the beginning.
We kind of talk about, you know, how we feel and so forth.
But a lot of that has really dominated the talk in the industry this week, as you can imagine.
You know, people were grieving for several days and still are a matter of factly.
And that's going to take a while really to get over.
You know, the world continues. The news cycle moves on.
Games are still being made for the holiday and slowly but surely we'll have more and more news to talk about.
But, you know, the beginnings of this week were really dominated by just everybody having something to say about this surprise passing of Satoru Iwata.
You know, there was obviously the funeral was earlier this week and we've heard statements from people like Miyamoto, Reggie Fils-Aime.
Even Sony and Microsoft, you know, had things that they said, whether it be through Twitter or so forth.
Apparently tons of Nintendo fans had shown out to pay their respects at Iwata's funeral.
Actually, Genyo Takeda's statement from Iwata's memorial is out there and you can read it.
And it's really heartbreaking, just to kind of summarize here, to read the end of this here.
Because if you didn't already know, Takeda is half of who's running Nintendo right now with Miyamoto.
And who knows if either one of them will be stepping up to lead it full time.
But it's very likely that another executive could be brought in from somewhere else.
But it could be. It could be Takeda. It could be Miyamoto.
But what Takeda said here is so sad here. I'm just reading an excerpt from the statement from the memorial.
In the face of your unbelievable passing, it will surely take some time before we can emerge from this deep sorrow.
Please know, however, that the seeds you've planted and the plants that have sprouted will put forth small flowers as they bring smiles to the faces of people around the world.
Blossom into a grand flower bigger than even you, our leader, Iwata-san.
Together with Miyamoto and others of our generation, we swear in our hearts that we will continue our efforts so that someday we can report and present to you the blossoming of these flowers.
May you continuously watch over and guide us managers, our employees, and your family.
Just right in the feels to hear something like that.
It's just, you know, they're hurting. It's a family and they're hurting.
And those of us that are fans of Nintendo are certainly hurting too.
And, you know, not to say there's good things about this, but I will just say one thing I'm noticing on Twitter and so forth is that, you know,
Twitter's been a really volatile place the past nine months or so, you know, with some very heated things and disagreements going on.
I'm not really going to get into all the weeds of all that, but just it's been very ugly.
But this week, at least I feel like that ugliness at least stopped for a little bit.
I mean, there's always going to be some trolls and people that, you know, jump into the situation to say something extremely tacky.
And I'm just, I'm shaving off those just complete lunatics that show up to make light of something like that.
But for the most part, Twitter has been very unified in just the grieving and the memorializing.
And, you know, I'm just going to go play balloon fight right now.
I'm just, I'm going to forget all this like arguing shit and I'm going to go play a game.
And I just, I think, I think if there's anything positive from such a horrible situation, it's something like that.
That it may be this whole thing kind of reminds us that, you know, time is short.
You know, a Wada only lived to be 55. That's, that's not old age by any means.
I know sometimes it feels like it when you're a teenager, you're 20, 55 is not old when you get to be my age, 55 looks a lot closer.
But, um, you know, you realize that there's only so many days and do you want to spend your days arguing on the internet with strangers?
Or do you want to spend your days having fun, playing games, enjoying the time that you're yet?
And why not both?
Stop it, Loki. Stop it right now.
Um, also just, just a couple of things I want to mention quickly about, um, uh, what is passing.
There's a great remix tribute out there by, uh, Hip Tanaka who, um, you know, did a lot of music for a Wada's projects.
Namely, uh, he did a, a remix of some of the music with Balloon Fight. If you haven't heard it, you really should check that out.
Um, the Nintendo World Store actually has a little area, um, set up to memorialize a Wada.
People are coming in, writing down their thoughts.
Uh, they do have that, uh, being planned on being set up till at least July 24th.
Um, so if you want to check that out.
Um, Wall Street Journal is rumoring that Miyamoto is the one that's tipped to lead Nintendo.
Um, I always thought Miyamoto was more of a designer, uh, more of a game maker.
But then again, a Wada was a game maker.
Um, so I suppose it would really depend on maybe what Miyamoto wants a little bit.
But certainly that name is going to carry a lot more weight than possibly, um, you know, many others that Nintendo, especially if Nintendo did bring in from the outside.
You know, that name Miyamoto is still going to carry a whole lot of weight, so.
I think that they should really just operate with like some sort of like Voltron-like robot where we can have Reggie in one and then Miyamoto in another.
You know, just kind of work as a team.
So sort of like maybe nobody's in charge and they just kind of, somebody unfortunately has to, um, pull the strings.
But, you know, and make sure things are running.
But the interesting thing is if they do bring someone in from the outside, I don't think that's necessarily the end of the world.
Because maybe whoever it is they do bring in from the outside can just manage and let those people shine.
And let that Voltron of talent.
What's Howard doing nowadays?
What's that?
Never? Howard?
Howard? Howard Phillips?
What is he doing these days? I think he's on the board of some other organizations.
And, um, I thought he was a part of the Mariners thing for a while.
Probably not anymore.
But, um, yeah, I don't know. I don't know what Howard Phillips does these days.
I guess I'd have to check Wikipedia or something.
So, or somebody in chat will probably yell it out in a minute.
But, uh, keep in mind it's going to be very rare that an American runs Japanese organizations.
So that's, you know, I don't really see that happening.
That's why a lot of people are like, well, what about Reggie Fils-Aime?
I think Reggie Fils-Aime is great for Nintendo of America.
But, you know, to oversee all of it, um, I don't know if that's going to work.
They say as well.
SSJ100Matt says, bring back Howard and Nestor to co-run Nintendo.
Speaking of which, let's not have them run Nintendo, but put them in Smash.
Wouldn't that be great?
Howard and Nestor would be awesome.
Wouldn't that be great?
Uh, Dartetsuya says, I think, uh, says some mobile games.
He was kick-starting, but I haven't heard anything since then.
Um, and then, uh, you know, I was going to say maybe, uh, Iwata, but not as, like, a character.
Because that might be kind of tacky. Maybe a trophy.
Or, you know, some other type of memorial would be really cool, I think.
So, anyway, um, Dungeon Buster mentioning that Satoru Shibata from Nintendo Europe might be a contender.
So, uh, we'll see. You know what? It's going to take up some time to figure it out.
And, uh, out of respect to the organization, I just, I don't really want to sit here and really theorize it too much further.
Uh, they'll be ready when they're ready.
Uh, for the meantime, uh, they have reaffirmed their commitments to Iwata's dreams.
I mean, that was the first thing Nintendo came back out on Twitter and said.
And just, you know, they actually showed the picture of the rainbow over Nintendo's headquarters.
And just all the Kirby dolls and flowers and just everything people were leaving out of me.
It's just, uh, it just gets ya. It really gets ya.
Um, uh, even though they didn't put Iwata in Smash, somebody did a ROM hack that put Iwata into Balloon Fight.
Which, I thought, that's a really cute way to do that.
So, anyhow, um, just a follow-up there to all that last week.
And, you know, obviously I would be remiss to not, even though we talked about it at length last week,
to not acknowledge that this is something the gaming community has been dealing with heavily this week.
And will probably continue to for quite some time.
You know, Tokyo Game Show is not really going to be the same.
That next Nintendo Direct is going to be weird.
I mean, who knows if Nintendo may even do another Nintendo Direct.
I would not blame them if they put all that on hold for a while.
And I don't think any of us could. But, I mean, we'll see. We'll see what happens.
Anyhow, the show goes on. We move on. There's still gaming news as we get closer and closer to the holidays.
Many things coming out from all different consoles and systems.
And things that we are playing right now.
So, I'm going to start with my pal, Loki, with how was your gaming week?
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
So, this week I didn't play a whole ton of games. I was mainly working on my game.
So, I got a little bit of headway down there. I'm almost done with the level I was working on.
I was just kind of hooking everything up. I just had to build a few things now that I forgot about.
Like, you know, I kind of pieced together one of the confetti cannons to be the actual cannon on the car to fire the cats out of.
I'm sure none of that makes any sense, but you'll soon understand what I mean.
And then, I don't know. So, it was mainly that.
And then, I did play some stuff this weekend, though. I tried going back to play Ether One, as I mentioned a few weeks ago.
I had an issue with Ether One. I mean, I played Ether One for a while a few weeks ago.
Then I ran into an issue where the game kind of crashed.
And when I reloaded my save, it didn't seem to want to load into the game.
So, I read up on it a little bit, and they said, just give it more time. So, I was like, okay, fine.
So, I let it load for about five minutes, and it finally loaded into the game. I was like, okay, cool.
So, then I was like, okay, I'm going to save over my save game, and I'm going to kind of go on from there and just move into the next part of the game.
So, I hit the next loading screen, and it locks up again.
That's like, ah, crap. So, I'm like, okay, I'll let it load for a few minutes. Nothing happens.
So, I restarted the game now with my new save game, and sure enough, it loads, but it takes like five minutes.
I just have no patience for this. I don't know what the fuck's wrong with this game.
They have some really bad bug with their save system and loading system, and I'm just not patient enough to wait five minutes every screen.
Or, sometimes it just doesn't even load. So, fuck it. Whatever. No matter how good of a game it is, I'm not playing it anymore.
The other game, though, I ditched. Yeah, it's unfortunate, and I was really into that game, too.
And, unfortunately, it just didn't work out.
And this is a bug that apparently is on both the console and on the PC version of the game.
So, it's something that they hopefully need to fix. So, I don't know.
The other thing I played is, I went back to Trials Fusion again, and Trials, they have new DLC that they have.
They kind of teased this during E3, and it's weird.
The DLC, it was this amazing adventure. I'm trying to remember what the hell it's called now. I'm trying to look up the name here.
Basically, what it was is, instead of riding a motorcycle, you are a cat with a gun riding a unicorn that shoots fire out of its mouth.
And I know that sounds really awesome, but it's a little derpy.
Because it's supposed to be, like, you know... I don't know. It's supposed to be really cool. They're kind of cheesy and stuff.
The actual model is a motorcycle. So, when you're playing the actual game with a motorcycle, and the back tire is hitting the ground, the feet gallop on the back.
So, it looks really strange, because sometimes the horse is galloping only with the back feet, or galloping only with the front feet.
And the sound of the cat makes is really derpy as well. It's just, I don't know.
So, it was Awesome Level Max, was the name of the DLC.
So, I played through the whole bit of DLC for that. They have two parts of it. They have this Awesome Level Max, or the Adventure Mode thing that they have, where you actually ride the horse around.
And it was kind of cheesy. The level design is not great. They have one level, in fact, that kind of warps between levels.
It's kind of showing you what's coming up later on. But between each warp, it's not entirely synced.
So, there have been times where I'm doing a perfect run, it warps me, and just crashes immediately. Crashes into the wall.
I'm like, what the fuck? I mean, seriously, it's ridiculous. I even pulled back up on the horse, because it's an incline that's coming, and it just throws me straight into the wall.
It's frustrating. And, in fact, I got gold on that level, and the gold level, to hit gold, you have to have a certain time limit, and up to 15 faults.
I'm like, 15 faults? Shit, that's bad level design right there. If I'm dying 15 times and that's kind of good, then there's something wrong with the way you design that level.
Unless they want you to keep screwing up, maybe. I don't know.
I don't know. So, there was that.
Maybe that's how you save time.
The first section of the DLC is this thing. It's Red Links versus the fans.
And so, it's Red Links, the developer of the game, designing the best levels they could possibly muster for this DLC pack, versus some of the best level designers from the game.
Because there's tons of great level designers out there, and so I actually played through some of those, and those are pretty fun.
So, it was worth his 10 bucks. I was just playing through it. Oh, and then I went through one of our pals over at Cooking with Unity, which I really wish they would come back.
Magma Lemur, he had beaten a few of my times on some tracks, so I had to go beat him again.
So, I had to inch those out a little bit.
But, yeah, I'm enjoying the game. It's frustrating. I'm still not quite to the point where I understand all the mechanics of it, like trying to do some of the tricks, like bunny hopping and stuff like that.
It's a little bit tricky, but it's a fun game. Keeps my attention for a while.
The other thing I would like to mention, though, they added a freemium element to it as well.
And so, now there's this shit that's these golden acorns or something that you have to purchase in order to buy customizable customization DLC.
And that's the only way you can get them, as far as I'm aware, is buying them.
So, fuck you, Ubisoft. You already have enough DLC for this game. Now you're doing this shit. I mean, come on. It's a little ridiculous.
Unfortunately, we're seeing more and more in all these different games.
Alright, my gaming week. So, again, most of my gaming time was spent in Final Fantasy XIV Heaven's Word, just because it's such a darn solid MMO.
And I've been working my way. You know, I beat the game last week, or beat the story, but there's still, you know, endgame. It's an MMO. It never ends. It keeps going.
So, I've been playing, trying to gear up the last couple dungeons and so forth and the different roulettes to get the tomes to buy the gear so I can do the raid.
They just put in Alexander a couple weeks ago, which is the raid, which is basically you going through a giant robot, which is Alexander.
And, you know, there's these different stages. So, I got to do that raid with some members of my free company last night, and that was cool.
Actually, we cleared all four levels because they actually have an easier kind of raid mode in right now, and they're putting a really, really hard one in this next week.
So, that's cool. I'm fine doing the easy one. I don't really have to do the super hard mode.
Banging my head against a fight for three hours on end isn't exactly my cup of tea, but I'm glad I can still do some stuff with the raiding that we're able to do.
So, that was a lot of fun. So, that ate up most of my time, but this weekend I was out at Best Buy because I wanted to get a wrist rest for my keyboard, and I saw that they were selling Elder Scrolls Online for $20 off.
So, I was like, oh, well, I've been curious, and I've been wanting to get this on PlayStation 4, so I'm going to pick up the Elder Scrolls Online.
So, I picked up Elder Scrolls Online on PlayStation 4. So, I brought it home, and I put the disc in, and I've installed it, and it downloaded some 30-gig patch. I don't know.
So, finally, late last night, I went to play it, and I made my characters a very complex character-making system.
The interface feels a lot like Skyrim, of course, which they want it to feel like a multiplayer Skyrim.
And so, I made my character, and then I rolled into the world, and I'm in the prison, I'm doing the tutorial, and I'm like, there's certain things I'm supposed to do that I'm not seeing.
It'll say press, and then it's just blank to move forward or whatever, and I'm like, alright, well, I'm not an idiot. I know that's the left stick, but it's weird that the little picture isn't there.
And then suddenly, after 30 seconds, that picture pops in of the left stick. I'm like, alright.
And so, then I'm going around the world, and I get into a fight, and it's like press R2 to attack. I'm like, what do I attack? There's nothing there.
And then finally, after like 60 seconds, something pops in. And then it's like, okay, so now you're going to hit L2 to dodge.
And I'm like, what am I dodging? And then I get killed. And I'm like, I don't understand what's happening right now. I'm really tired. I'm just going to shut this off and go to bed.
So I went to bed, and I get up today, and I'm doing my thing, and I'm like, alright, I think I need to try Elder Scrolls Online again, because I don't understand what the hell happened last night.
So I'm getting in there, and I'm playing it again, and sure enough, I'm having these same problems where I'm trying to just do the tutorial levels, and like, fucking enemies don't even pop in at all.
And buttons are just missing in the tutorial, and I don't understand how this game was fucking coded, because it makes no fucking sense.
And I understand it's an online-only game, and disclosure, sure, my PlayStation 4 is wireless, as I think most systems are set up these days.
It shouldn't matter, though.
Exactly. I can play Final Fantasy XIV just fine on PlayStation 4 wireless. I can play pretty much anything else on PlayStation 4 wireless. I'm sorry, I'm not going to accept the excuse that, oh, because it's not wired, that's why it's running as unplayable as it is.
And so, I'm trying to go around just the first little level to find, and like, I even took a video of this, so I can upload it later.
Like, the little mob, I don't even want to say boss, because it really wasn't anything, you have to like sneak around this thing that's in like a gazebo looking thing, I don't know, you have to sneak around and attack it, basically.
And so, you couldn't see the mob in the gazebo, so I had no idea which way it was facing, and finally, like after 90 seconds it pops in, I'm like, this game is unplayable, I want a refund.
How is anybody playing Elder Scrolls Online on PlayStation 4? I have to know, because for me, it's unplayable.
And it even, again, it patched, I don't have problems with any other games on PlayStation 4, and I can hear people talking in the world, so it's not like my connection is total shit.
So, I guess I could try and do the wired thing and see if it hooks up that way, but I'm sorry, that's a pretty shitty workaround. Just calling it like it is.
Like, if it's downloading what these things look like from the internet or something, like, why isn't that just on the disc, or already there when you go into the zone?
I always thought that things like pictures of the R2 button were already there on the disc. I don't understand.
So, anyway. Alan Alchemy in chat says our PS4 is wired for anyone who's like, get off WiFi. Actually, we moved that to the Xbox One, you forgot, we moved that into the Xbox One when we got the PlayStation 4.
So, the PlayStation 4 is, because I had to download like 80 gigabytes of Halo Chief Master Collection, all the other backwards, so I was like, I'll just make the Xbox One wired for now.
So, and let's see, so I'm looking, what else in the chatroom here, over at live.vaganetwork.com, let's see.
Black Wolf says, mine's wired, neater, neater. Have you played Elder Scrolls Online, though? Because, I don't know.
I played the beta, and that was enough for me. I was just like, nope.
See, and that's what some people were talking about in chat, that, oh, I played that, but it was on PC.
But, again, I would like to know how anybody got past the first level, because I'm sure there's people out there playing on PlayStation 4 and loving it, and they see the recruitment posts, but for me, I can't play it.
I can't play it. I want a refund. Like, it's that bad. I don't, it's, I just spent $40 on a game that I can't fucking play.
You know, okay, yeah, it was on sale, but then it's like, well, shit, I used the code inside, so am I fucked? Like, I'm not gonna be able to get a refund? I'm sorry, that's bullshit.
Game doesn't work. I want a refund. Anyway.
Again, folks, Kaijuto saying, I played the beta, and textures were jacked. DungeonBuster saying, I played it on PC, and I wasn't much of a fan.
Tigerclaw saying, I played it online when it came out. I didn't have problems with it, but it was on PC.
So, again, just calling it like I see it. I know I might piss off some Elder Scrolls fans, but I've got video. I've got my receipts to back up what a crap experience I'm having.
I'm not, I'm not having it. I'm not interested, really, in playing it. So, alright, anyhow.
And, yeah, it's not beta anymore. Like, this game's been out a month. I got it on sale.
Well, it's still being worked on.
That's, I'm sorry, when did, when did we start accepting that as an excuse? That, oh, well, the game's still new, so it's still being worked on, so we still have to get that back.
Yeah, it should be done.
Yeah, tell that to the people that bought Batman on PC. Come on. Come on.
Oh, how much extra time did they give themselves for Elder Scrolls, you know, online? It was supposed to be, can you imagine if this game wasn't by the play and was still charging the monthly subscription fee? Can you imagine that?
Well, luckily, you at least usually get one month free with that stuff, and I would have learned that lesson real quick, but, my God.
Anyway, again, Final Fantasy XIV works fine. So, I'm convinced this is a problem unique to Elder Scrolls Online. If you can prove me wrong otherwise, then fine. I'll hear it and I'll go back and try to enjoy the game again, but I'm not encouraged.
Anyway, I hate talking so negative about a game, but I just, it doesn't work.
It was a game when it was first announced, I was like, fuck yes, and then the more they showed me of the game, I'm like, ugh. This isn't what I want. This isn't what I want. And then they tried to debate, I'm like, this isn't really what I want.
So, anyway, after I had my fill of Elder Unplayable Online, I turned it off and powered on my Wii U and played Blaster Master on Virtual Console, which was a far better use of my time. Far better use of my time. Blaster Master is still a shit after all these years. Hard as hell, but it's so rewarding. Such a good game.
Anyway, let's move on. Some housekeeping tonight. We will not be here the weekend of Labor Day, so that's coming up in about, god, it's probably only about five weeks away at this point, maybe? It's kind of, maybe six? Dragon Con's coming up in just that short amount of time. I can't even believe it. It's gonna be crazy.
So, yeah, we'll have details on Dragon Con in the coming weeks, and we'll all be there and say hi and all that good stuff. We're very excited about Dragon Con this year. But we will not be here live with the show over Labor Day weekend. Otherwise, we should still be here with the show every week until then.
You can also add us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Before we get into the news, Tiger Claw in chat asking, by the way, did anyone play that Splatfest thing on Splatoon? Who won the water slides versus roller coasters thing?
You know, I completely forgot about that yesterday, because between the food poisoning stuff I was dealing with and trying to play Elder Scrolls and playing Fallout fantasy 14, I just totally forgot that the Splatoon thing was yesterday until I saw all the tweets about it, so whoops.
Akdeft in chat says roller coasters won.
Of course. As it should.
Yeah, I would have been team roller coasters for what it's worth. Of course, the one time I would have picked the right team. Nope, didn't play. Whoops. Whoops at me.
Alright, let's get into some news. Lots of stuff going on in the gaming world. Loki.
Yes, so it's been a while since we actually heard anything about Dead Rising 2, or Dead Rising, Dead Island 2. It looked fantastic from the trailer. Of course, I'm not assuming that that trailer actually represents accurate game footage, but I don't know.
Anyways, I guess apparently the company Jaeger, who was doing the development on the game, has parted ways with Deep Silver.
Basically saying our Jaeger team is fully committed to the development of AAA quality titles, we work closely with international publishers and partners, and at the same time have always remained an independent development studio.
Our team has made the best... okay, there's so much fluff on this shit. However, Jaeger and Deep Silver's respective visions of the project fell out of alignment, which led to our decision that's being made.
So they wanted to do something with that game that the developer wasn't comfortable with, it sounds like. So that someone else is going to be developing it now. Makes me kind of wonder what that might have been.
Uh oh, I wonder if it was a money grab thing.
DLC maybe? I don't know, who knows. Well, we can speculate all day, but it's going to a different developer right now.
I thought that game was way further along than apparently it is, because I remember seeing that at E3 last year and thinking, I wasn't huge on Dead Island. In fact, what was it, Riptide or whatever? That was kind of the expansion, or it was a standalone.
I really didn't care for that.
Well, the other thing is, they're saying that apparently the company may have missed some milestones, so maybe it wasn't creative decisions. Maybe it was, hey, you guys aren't making the game fast enough.
Or maybe they just wanted the game done faster than the developer thought it was appropriate. They didn't want another Arkham Knight type situation.
Perhaps.
You know, rush the game out.
Well, that's too bad for those that were looking forward to it, but at the same time, you know, if delaying it to get somebody else on board to fix it is what they need to do, then cool, but I hope, you know.
Didn't they put a new developer on Duke Nukem Forever at one point, and wow.
This doesn't necessarily mean it's going to turn out okay in the end, but let's hope that it will.
Yeah, we'll get to that.
Let's see, Kaijuto in chat says, that was a huge CG cutscene. It wasn't the game, I don't think.
Yeah, of course not. No, it wasn't the game.
Well, but I remember at the conferences, they showed that whole trailer thing for Dead Island 2. I remember that, but we were fortunate enough, we had a closed, you know, behind closed doors thing with Deep Silver.
We actually saw footage from Dead Island 2 that looked to me like it was the game. I mean, if it was like, I thought, and again, I'm having to go back a year and a half. I didn't think I'd have to talk about this again, so forgive my fuzzy memory, but I thought they were playing it live.
I didn't think it was one of those pre-recorded things where, because they do that sometimes. Sometimes they make it look like it's going to be like, oh, we're playing it live right now, but they'd actually recorded it all in advance.
I thought they were playing it live, but you know, who knows these days with the way these things are set up, and now hearing this news makes me kind of wonder about that, but it looked fine from what I was seeing, but who knows?
So, Kaijuto says, either way, zombies are played out, so who cares? Well, maybe waiting a year or two wouldn't be such a bad thing if that's the case, if people kind of feel like zombies are sort of played out.
Yeah, I think. I mean, we just had Dying Light come out. Was that this year? Or was that last year?
I feel like there's always a place for zombies. Like, there's just always some zombie game coming out.
What's this year?
I don't know.
I mean, yeah, but I don't know. I would like to have them spend some extra time on it and get it right.
Yep. Don't release something that's unplayable.
I also don't understand. I mean, I know the game's Dying Light, or not Dying Light, Dead Island, but I think it's supposed to be set in California. It's not really an island.
They had explained that, though. I don't know what it was.
I know. It's, like, quarantined or something like that. Yeah. That's as much as saying Dead Rising is, you know, Dead Island. I mean, it's a poor excuse, but whatever.
Alright. Well, I'm sure y'all know that EVO's going on right now. The huge tournament in Las Vegas for different fighting games, which I always want to say EVO because of that song from BeatMania 2DX.
It's EVO. I always want to say it that way, but it's EVO, I guess. Wouldn't it be EVO because it's evolution? Why do we say EVO and not EVO? I don't know.
Anyway, if I'm screwing up the pronunciation, I apologize, but I heard other people saying it as EVO, so that's what I'm going to go with.
So, EVO's going on this weekend, and lots of news about Street Fighter V. I think I heard that they just announced a new character for Street Fighter V. Somebody was saying that in chat.
But this was announced yesterday, I think, and that is that Street Fighter V is going to be taking a more service-based approach to post-launch content, meaning the Street Fighter V disc is the only disc you'll ever need to own.
There will not be Ultra Street Fighter V, Super Street Fighter V, Ultra Turbo Championship Edition Street Fighter V versus the Care Bears or whatever it is. There's only going to be Street Fighter V.
So that alone is pretty neat to hear, and that all balance and system adjustments will be free.
So if they're just tinkering with that, which the way it was in Street Fighter IV is that if you wanted all the up-to-date adjustments, you had to buy Ultra or whatever it was they did at the end. They had to buy some of those discs as they went along the way.
All post-launch gameplay related content will be earnable for free by playing the game.
So it seems like the more you play the game, you'll get the little currency or whatever in the game, and then you can unlock characters post-content for free.
But if you want them right away, of course you could also pay for that as well.
And it seemed like a lot of this had to do with the fact that things would get out of sync.
You'd have some people that are playing the old-school Street Fighter IV and then people that are on the new one.
So this would help keep everybody on the same page by making the balance and system adjustments available for free.
This could also be somewhat of a response to the fact that Capcom took an awful lot of shit when it was discovered that so many characters and things that they were going to release as DLC were already there on the disc anyway.
Didn't that happen with Marvel vs. Capcom 3 or something like that?
And I want to say Street Fighter X Tekken had a little bit of that too where a lot of that was found on the disc.
So this might be their way of trying to counteract that a bit too.
So going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, that's not good news. That means they're going to make that shit into a huge pay-as-you-play game.
Well, they're saying it's going to be possible to do it for free. I mean, who knows how much of a grind.
But there's going to be both fight money, which you get through playing the game, and zenny, which you can use real money.
So, hmm, we'll see.
Fifth Dream says, get Sakura by beating it on the highest level 30 times with only low punch or buyer for $19.99.
Just watch. We will be fucked by this.
As J100Matt says, it's a nice gesture, but I'm skeptical to see how this goes.
I can appreciate the skepticism and I understand.
By the way, speaking of EVO, surely, this has been everywhere. It was on Twitter, it was on Facebook, everywhere.
Did you see the whole thing about Jamie Lee Curtis went to EVO in cosplay to avoid the crowd?
Good for her. What a rockstar.
I kind of think that she should really embrace, I'm not saying she's not, but she should really embrace that gamer in her.
It keeps her young. Here's the thing, when I think of Jamie Lee Curtis, obviously Jamie Lee Curtis is a badass mofo, right?
Like True Lies, Halloween, Fish Called Wanda, she's an on-screen legend. Everybody loves Jamie Lee Curtis.
But when you think of her these days, you think of Activia commercials, right?
And you think about the parodies of her on Saturday Night Live.
Freaky Friday.
It helps you poop! And all that stuff, right? The Activia.
So I'm kind of like, Jamie Lee Curtis, you're like a cool mom right now. You're taking your kid to EVO.
You should embrace that gamer side right now. Jamie Lee Curtis, go all in.
Host a gamer show on Twitch or something. I don't know, maybe she has no interest in that stuff.
But it seems like she really does like these fighting game things.
She dressed up.
Yeah, she dressed up. I think a lot of that too, I think a lot of that is just cool mom factor because I think she did it for her kid.
And I think she probably plays the video games because it's a way for her to have a hobby that she does with her kid.
And you know, I don't want to sound like, gosh, the woman surely can't appreciate video games for any other reason.
I mean, maybe that's it, and that's totally cool if that's the reason.
But I'm just saying, I feel like there's a lot of that family bonding coming into play over this.
So maybe she doesn't have an interest in doing more gaming things, but I just think, I don't know.
I would just like to think that she's really good at Street Fighter or something like that.
Just come up there, just kick someone's ass dressed up like Vega, and then all of a sudden it's like the reveal!
It was Jamie Lee Curtis the entire time!
I think that'd be badass. That'd be amazing.
TigerKlonchat says, this is the first time EVO had a real celebrity attend the event, so that's kind of a big deal.
ActDeaf says, considering the age of many attendees at EVO, I don't think it'll be a problem talking about like,
do people even necessarily know who Jamie Lee Curtis is?
That is fucking sad. I'm sorry. Educate yourself.
Jamie Lee Curtis is awesome.
Okay, I hate gore movies. I've talked about this a million times on the show.
I don't like the gore, I don't like Saw, I don't like the super scary movies.
Still, I've seen Halloween, and I like Halloween.
And I'm not talking about that Rob Zombie bullshit, I'm talking about 70s opening moments of the mask-wearing,
eerie-ass piano theme and fucking Jamie Lee Curtis Halloween.
How have you not seen that movie?
I need you to watch that movie this week if you haven't seen it.
If you're like 18, you're like, who's Jamie Lee Curtis? I don't know.
Watch Halloween, goddammit.
Anyway.
Kaizhudo in chat says, Rob also thinks she only plays cooking mama. That is not true. Shut up.
TigerKlon says, she was great in True Lies. I wish they did a sequel.
Yeah, they always talked about doing a sequel, but then they never did, which is really sad.
I think Governor Schwarzenegger had a lot to do with that.
Kaizhudo in chat says, Halloween didn't have a lot of gore, though.
And that's true, I mean, it had some, but it wasn't, like, it was 70s gore, you know, it was different then.
So it wasn't as nasty.
So. Anyway.
Shoutout to Jamie Lee Curtis for being a cool gamer lady.
And I would love to have her on this show, dammit.
Open invite. If you're Jamie Lee Curtis, let's dish.
I won't bring up activity, I swear.
Alright, let's move on. Loki.
Alright, so, this is kind of unfortunate, but the UK High Court, they have basically ruled that the regulation apparently for fair use, I guess, ripping, you know, DVDs or music for personal use is not fair.
Not fair use anymore. So.
I guess this is, they're saying a new ruling as of the 2014 regulation that made it legal to make personal copies of performances has been nullified.
So you're not going to be able to rip that kind of stuff if you live in the UK.
Well, good luck trying to stop people from ripping CDs into their iTunes. Give me a break.
I'm sure everyone's like, oh, well, I better stop now. That's going to stop everybody from, like, pirating Game of Thrones and all that shit as well.
I get the whole thing. To an extent, I get it. Like, you know, the whole fact where, oh, well, I have to make a perfect Blu-ray copy of Street Fighter V in case my disc ever goes bad someday.
I just have to keep a copy over here for that. You know, I kind of...
I always thought that was a little bit, like, who really does that?
I think it's more of a convenience thing, though. I mean, because, like, if you're, I understand, like, if you're ripping a copy and giving it to your friend or something like that, that's not okay, I guess.
So, but, like, if you're, like, ripping a copy of, like, you have a collection of DVDs or Blu-rays or something like that, and now you have this, like, media set up or whatever that you're going to stream them all to your TV using your PC,
I don't see a problem with you ripping that. It's your own personal shit. First off, I don't see how the court's going to fucking come down on you and say, oh, uh, you know.
No one's going to get in your business about that shit unless they're just making it, you know, in case they catch you out there, you can't say, oh, well, it was for personal use, you know. I don't know.
I don't even know what the point of this is, because, I mean, they're not going to, how are you going to enforce that? Is some, was your, like, nosy neighbor going to come up?
Yeah, um, Bobby next door was, uh, he was ripping his shit from, you know, Blu-ray to watch on his TV. You better send the police after him, because, uh, that's just not okay.
I have a feeling it might be to close some type of legal loophole for maybe when they go after people that do it on a much greater scale.
I mean, the real problem is, and this is when you're going to start to gain the notice of these companies, is when, uh, you start selling these CDs that you burn at, you know, flea markets.
And, you know, when you're turning around and making a profit off of that is when it really becomes a problem.
Um, I, I kind of think maybe this is to close some type of legal loophole in that regard, that maybe some of those people in defense are trying to say, well, these are the copies I was authorized to make. I don't have the original before, so I, anymore, so I was just selling the copy and it was still mine.
And maybe this is to close that up a bit, but I just feel like it leaves open this whole, like, come on. It's, it's an unrealistic expectation of society.
But at the same time, I mean, I hate, hate always, you know, siding with the music industry cause I don't know. Um, because they're really behind the times with a lot of things, I think.
I think the music industry should have caught the iTunes wave and all this stuff and probably the streaming music and all this a good five years before they really did. And I think it really hurt them in the end, you know, but, um, streaming music is really where so much is at right now that it's just, it's so easy to do it.
And I think, uh, you know, when people used to pay $15 for a CD and now they can just get it for free on Spotify, you know, the music industry is hurting in that regard and I sort of get it, but at the same way, at the same time, you know, maybe they have to figure out what's more value that we can sell and have music with that.
Um, and I know sometimes they've given away like t-shirts with a CD or discount concert tickets or something with a CD and it seems like, you know, give away some more of those tangible things. I don't know.
Maybe, uh, some pre-order bonuses.
Maybe.
Maybe some on disc DLC.
A disc, a track that's only like, Hey, back in my day, back in my day, uh, a locked track on the disc was somebody telling you, did you know if you leave Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill running like five minutes after the last song, there's a totally acapella song still there at the end.
And there'll always be somebody that was like, I've never tried that.
Did you go home and fast forward their CDs?
Wow, there is a secret song.
The X-Files soundtrack. You can reverse the, or you can rewind in the first track and it'll go back and play about five new tracks that are before the first track.
No, I didn't even know that. I didn't know that.
Yeah, it's a trippy one.
Huh. And then was there a Nine Inch Nails album that had like 99 tracks on it? You had to keep it going past, I don't know. Anyway, forget it.
We're showing our age here a little bit. There's people listening to this show now that are like, what's the CD?
What's the X-Files?
What's the X-Files? You'll find out.
And soon.
You'll find out because it's coming back.
I still haven't seen that last movie either. And I hear that was really like cheesy.
You're going to find out what Twin Peaks is all about too. That's coming back.
I have never.
Everything 90s is awesome.
I have never watched Twin Peaks.
Twin Peaks is so good. I mean, it is very 90s though. Like just all the fashion and everything. You're like, oh my God. But it's so good.
Scary and it's funny. Anyway, moving on.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andrade at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, friend.
Alright, so if you have the BA...
Wait, wait. Hold on. Hold on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry because this is important. This is common in chat room.
As Jonah Hunter-Matt says, I used to burn OLR episodes on CDs to listen to in the car on my way to school.
Get... Call the po-po. Send them to his house. Arrest this man. That is... Excuse me. Excuse me. That is our content.
How dare you put it on a CD? How dare you copy that content?
Obviously, I'm completely joking. It's out there on the internet for free. We don't make any money off this.
So put it on torrent sites. Maybe more people will hear it that way.
I... Great. Put them on CDs. Conveniently leave them behind at restaurants. No, I'm kidding. Don't do that.
The trick is, though, in order to get more views on the websites, when you put it up as a torrent, you need to make sure that you mention that it's part of Game of Thrones.
Yes.
Now, it's not a name we normally use on this show to describe our episodes, but Game of Thrones really is accurate when you're putting it up on a torrent site.
Or just, you know, use some of what Salacious Pop says in the match game as titles for the show. You know, that'll attract more attention and more hits, I'm sure.
Anyway...
Or Game of Thrones sex scene compilation.
I'm being asked if Travis's lawyer's got me yet. I only got... I missed Understation Live this week. Hopefully he'll actually put a podcast up soon.
But lord only knows what threat I missed on this week's Understation Live. Can't wait to hear. Alright, anyway. Moving on. Loki.
So if you happen to be a member of the Epic Games forum, you probably would want to change your password. Therefore it's been compromised and they're recommending, of course, that you change your passwords.
They have discovered that it was compromised by hackers and that, as of such, they've had access to your username, email, and password and a date of birth that you provided during registration. So please change all those things, including your date of birth. Sorry.
So.
They get everything.
Yep. They've got your date of birth now.
Is nothing safe anymore?
Nothing.
Sorry for the silence. I'm eating a cookie. I have no Jamie here either tonight to help full time. Cookies are important, people.
Apparently the crime we committed is that there are USL 1.0 episodes on the OLR Wiki. I didn't even know that.
I put him there.
It was pro- Access to SH-100 Matt. He's the one that's putting all the shows on CDs and shit. Is him or Dark Tetsuya? They probably co-conspired. I don't know nothing.
I blame that hacker 4chan.
You'll never take me alive.
It's the guy that did the Epic forums hack. Took that show and put it on the Wiki.
Alright, anyhow. Moving on. I noticed Brad from Pod Culture and chat was just talking about this a moment ago that he's actually doing this right now.
And that is Microsoft opening up the Xbox to Windows game streaming to everyone.
So it's no longer just for people that are in super special secret beta test programs or what have you.
But Xbox to PC game streaming restrictions are now gone and anyone with the Xbox One and Windows 10 can play an Xbox One game on whatever Windows 10 device you have.
I'm still trying to figure out how to actually get registered to download Windows 10.
Because it's like, oh, just click on the little Windows icon in your toolbar and like, I don't have one of those. Where is this magical window that I'm supposed to click on to get free Windows 10?
Are you keeping all your things up to date?
Yeah, I actually updated the other day. So I should be up to date as of like Saturday. So, where is my goddamn window? That's what I want to know.
Do you have a genuine copy of Windows?
Yes, it came with my laptop. I actually do have a genuine copy this time for my laptop.
Well, there you go. Yeah, Brad from Bot Culture says playing Forza Horizon 2. Is Windows 10 like actually out out?
Well, what's supposed to happen is you're supposed to like, you click on that thing and it's supposed to like notify you or whatever when it's available there to roll it out slowly.
But I kind of want to get it rolled out because as I think I mentioned on the show before, I've been trying to use Unity 5, or at least on Twitter, people are probably aware of that.
I've been trying to use Unity 5.0 and it just, there's some weird ass bug where anytime I try to change the color of something using a pallet picker, it fucking crashes.
And so it's been pissing me off. And so Windows 10, hopefully that getting installed, hopefully fix the problem.
Hmm. Well, apparently there's the Windows 10 Xbox app and there's party chat tweaks to how screenshots are working and video clips are shared via the game DVR.
So more features there coming out for that. Tiger Hall is saying July 29th is apparently when they roll it out.
Yeah. You can choose to install it if you want. I do want to install it.
All right. I'm going to probably wait just a little bit because I want to see how, you know, the real people of the world out there react to Windows 10, but I'm curious about it.
It is an odd numbered version of Windows. And you're probably thinking, wait a minute. No, no, no, Rob, you're an idiot. Ten's not an odd number.
They skipped nine. So this is an odd number.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I think it's good because seven was good. And then what was before seven? The one before seven was Vista and people didn't like that.
So, yeah, so it is good.
So, you know, anyway.
I'm hoping it's good.
Yeah, it should be.
I just need an Xbox to stream to it now.
You know, it's weird.
I'm still undecided if I'm going to do an Xbox or a Wii U. Leaning towards Xbox.
All right.
But I'm actually kind of leaning towards maybe nothing because, you know, same argument goes with the Xbox One as the Wii U.
Why should I buy a system for a couple games?
So, we'll see.
All right. Moving on, I got another story for you guys that has to do with a complete randomization of everything in this upcoming game called Rust, which is being created by Face Punch Studios.
What a lovely, inviting name.
Here's the thing about Face Punch Studios. They are randomizing racial and gender aspects of player characters.
Now, here's the thing about that. You might think, all right, what's the big deal?
But people are not necessarily responding positively to this.
What this means is that based on your Steam gamertag, whatever it is you are on Steam, that's used as a seed, basically, to generate what the player character is going to look like in the game.
So, that's not to say that you get to create your character.
You won't get to create or pick the character's race or gender. You will be...
Or penis size.
Or posterior size, like I could in Elder Scrolls Online. I can say that. That was the best part of Elder Scrolls Online I saw so far, is that there's a slider for that ass.
Posterior size. Anyway. No, you will not be able to even pick your character.
Volition, I'm telling you right now, if you're listening, that's what you need to change that slider to. That ass just needs to be that slider name, though.
So anyway, here's the quote from Gary Newman with Face Punch Studios.
To clear up some confusion, when it does go live, you won't get a choice of whether you're female or male. We're not taking the choice away from you. You never had a choice.
So, it's an interesting game design decision that, even though it appears that the race and the gender is customizable, you are going to be essentially stuck with whatever it is.
There's a part of me that's like, alright, but if you have the engine in there to be able to create whatever, then just let people make what they want to make.
But, I also see the point of, alright, in Final Fantasy XIII, I didn't get to pick any of that for the characters I was playing, so how is this necessarily any different?
I suppose a lot of it depends on the story.
There is no story.
There is no story.
It's a survival game.
Oh, it is.
It's like DayZ, but with naked people. Seriously, what is it?
Well, we do need to diversify the naked people we have out there.
No, it was previously. Up until now, they just had women. It was all naked schlongs running around.
So, they have that going for it, but what I'm saying is, do you really think, are you really going to go out there and say, oh yes, you all have a choice?
There's seriously a hacker out there that's going, damn, hell, I have no choice. Please, come on.
That's actually a really good point.
They're going to come up with a character customizer that's going to come out there and they'll hack it into the game. I'm sorry. They're going to find a way.
It's an interesting twist, but I just, you know, again, now that you're telling me there's no story behind it, I'm kind of like, well, then if the ability is there to do whatever you want.
Maybe there is a story, like, as much of a story as, like, DayZ. It's basically a survival game. You craft shit and you survive.
But it's, you know, kind of like this, I don't know if it's post-apocalyptic or what it's supposed to be like, caveman type thing.
But basically, you start off with no clothes and you go running around and you find items, guns and stuff and then you do that.
But I don't know. I mean, you play an MMO today and there's a lot of characters that look the same. I mean, you know, maybe mixing it up a little bit wouldn't be such a bad thing.
Well, it's not mixing it up. They're going to still look the same. It's just you don't get a choice on how, you know, they look.
All right. Well, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see some games that are coming out to a store near you.
So this week, there are a few things coming out. Starting off with Formula One 2015. That's coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Oni Chambara Z2 Chaos from Exceed is coming out on PlayStation 4. Wolfenstein The Old Blood getting a disc release on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The Zombie Army Trilogy also on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. And that is it.
Any of those you're going to pick up?
I thought about Oni Chambara Z2 Chaos, but I think that's more of a sale game. I don't think that's worth 50 bucks for me.
Yeah, that does sound like a bit much.
I mean, especially if there was Earth Defense Force 4. Fuck yeah, I'm picking that up, but it's not so much.
I actually still may consider getting the import version of Earth Defense Force. We'll have to see because that is coming out in the fall.
All right. Well, let's go over to Japan and check out some of the releases over there.
On the PlayStation 4 this week, on July 23rd, Sengoku Basara 4 Sumerage in regular and limited edition comes out from Capcom on the PlayStation 4 this week.
So I think there'll be some people picking that up.
On the Xbox One, nothing this week because, you know, Xbox One in Japan isn't really the same thing as it is in other parts of the world.
On the Wii U this week, Japan does get a Monster Hunter Frontier GA premium package. I'm not sure what's all in that, if it's a price reduction or what that is.
That's really the only thing that is on the Wii U this week.
On the Vita this week, Makai Shin Trillion in regular and limited edition are out in Japan, as well as Van Wolf Cross is out in regular and what they call First Press Edition.
And lastly, but not leastly, on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Langrisser Reincarnation Tensei in regular and a Legend Box edition.
So, lots of regular and limited editions, but that's pretty normal for Japan.
Dark Soccer is not here, so I will try to fill in best I can with the UK releases this week.
It really looks like there's not a whole lot this week. Let's see, on the 21st, Journey's digital release on PlayStation 4, which we're getting that as well.
On the 24th, Victor Vran on the PC, and on the 25th, Cradle for the PC. That's really it this week in Europe.
So, look forward to those games. Just a couple more games for you guys, or stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
And by the way, I should quickly say this, I guess all this is coming out of EVO right now, that they're a Street Fighter 5 character.
It's a new character, because they did promise that there would be some new characters in the game.
It looks like Nakali, I hope I'm pronouncing that right, I might be totally saying that wrong.
But it's apparently in, what kind of, what's the character look like? Anyone got a picture?
Everybody's linking the names. Show me a picture.
But okay, so the character was revealed to EVO as a new guy. So they're working on a picture for us right now, so we can take a look at that.
Alright, well we'll do a story here real quick and then I'll look at the picture.
Well, here we go. Let's see, Nakali, and they have a trailer that meets battle in Aztec.
And, I'm gonna just bring it up real fast.
He has long dreads that go super cyan.
I'm looking right now. Here, here's what it looks like. Oh, I got it.
Whoa, that's weird looking. Okay.
So, wow, he does have crazy dreads that are going super cyan.
He's got Cthulhu hair.
Release the Kraken that is my hair. Alright, very cool.
Well, it is different.
Apparently you can spot him at the end of the Ken trailer.
Oh, really? Yeah.
Alright, Loki.
Alright, so let's see.
Where were we?
As we were talking a little bit before about rushing things and switching developers and stuff, we were talking about Dead Island 2.
Brought up Duke Nukem Forever.
And, well, of course, Gearbox would love to do a Duke Nukem game.
However, they're open to having an outside developer handle the new Duke Nukem game.
Which I think is a fantastic idea. They should have someone else handle the game.
Might I recommend Devolver Digital? I think they would be perfect for that.
But, yes.
They said basically that Gearbox has done some prototyping on the new entry.
However, they think it would be faster if someone else came along to help them out with it.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, I didn't realize people wanted another Duke Nukem game.
I want a good Duke Nukem game. I mean, I'm still waiting for another Duke Nukem game because I don't count Duke Nukem Forever.
That was a piece of shit.
Kind of like how we discount, you know, I don't know, the original trilogy for, or not the original, the new trilogy.
The prequel trilogy, yes.
For Star Wars, definitely.
So, alright.
Lastly, before we get into the classic game of the week, some hololens information there that Jason teased at the top of the show here.
Apparently, CEO Sataya Nadella, in an interview with ZDNet, was saying that the first hololens will probably be more about developers and enterprise than it will be about games.
Quote, in general, Microsoft's approach will be always this dual-use focus, or this multi-focus.
What we can uniquely do is bridge consumer to enterprise.
I want every technology of ours to seek that out.
In the hololens case, when I look at the interest, it's amazing how many are in hospitals, healthcare, retail.
That's where I'm seeing the interest, and we will definitely go after it.
Gaming will always be a scenario, and there will be other entertainment broadly.
But with the version one of hololens, I want to push us a lot more of the enterprise usage.
It's because this shit can't run the games, that's why.
You think it can't even run games yet?
It can't run, it doesn't have the processing power to do it, and that's why you have such a narrow field of view, because of that.
It just would not work for gaming.
That's their fancy way of saying, well, we're just not really chasing after right now.
It's more like, your specs aren't going to be up to par when this shit releases in order to be able to run that stuff.
Sure, you can play Minecraft in a tiny, tiny window.
Hey, remember, I don't know, this also dates people.
Remember a long time ago when Wolfenstein 3D came out, and a lot of the games like that, I don't know if you could do that with Doom.
I think you could do it with Duke Nukem, where if it didn't run very well on your PC, you could window that shit down into a small little window in the middle of the screen.
You could do that with Doom, actually.
Yes, that is what they're doing with HoloLens. It's a tiny, tiny field of view that it works in, and that's it.
And they're not about to fix it right now, because it would be too expensive, and they just aren't going to do it.
Which is disappointing, because I kind of wanted to get in on that, but I'm going to have to wait now.
I'm not too surprised, well, I mean, if it's going to take a few years, wait for the technology to get better.
It's like a lot of Apple devices come out, and you're like, eh, wait for the second one.
Even the iPhone, the 3G was the second device that came out. The first device, it didn't really have custom apps or any of that stuff when it very, very first came out.
It was that second revision, and a lot of people were saying that even about the watch.
I know Jamie would disagree, but she's not here, so I can say that for the watch, there's a lot of people that are just waiting for the second one before they're interested.
I can still see the point, yeah.
That's not all uncommon for people to wait, but specifically with Microsoft, when the Kinect came out, it ended up being a lot of dance games and things like that.
But then it also found an audience in hospitals, so you don't have to touch things, a very sterile environment.
Kinect worked very well there, so in some ways, it generated a lot of good will, good buzz stories, and the good of gaming type things for Microsoft.
I don't blame them for maybe wanting to chase down a little more of that either.
I just wish they would have something that was more of like, it runs off of your PC and streams it to the headset.
Think of a Wii U tablet, something like that, where your PC does the processing power, and it streams it to that headset.
It breaks that cardinal console thing of everything is the same, and then you have some people can run it better than others, and usually with consoles, that's not the case.
Then you can have the RT version, like they do with the stupid Surface, where it runs off of the headset only.
And then for the versions that you want to get all crazy with your HoloLens stuff, then it runs it better. I don't know. Whatever.
I'll just have to deal with the Oculus Rift then in the meantime. One less headset to buy.
Alright, well let's travel back to a time when games were so much simpler.
We didn't have fucking holograms and shit that were, you know, in our games.
We had the Playstation or whatever it was in front of us, and if you didn't like that, tough titty.
It's the classic game of the week.
Every week Dark Soccer steps in the vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you kids should be playing this game this week.
But Dark Soccer, you know what, she's not here, which I got to admit is actually too bad because I really loved the game she picked this week.
But I guess I'll have to wait for another week because I don't want to try to talk about a game that she has a lot of memories with.
So when she's not here, either Loki or myself will take over the segment, and I think it's probably Loki's turn to do a classic game of the week.
So, Loki, what did you pick for the classic game of the week this week?
I picked a game that was originally known as Simple 2000 Volume 31, The Monster Attack, better known as Earth Defense Force.
Yes, Earth Defense Force is, it started off as one of the Simple 2000 games.
They were games that were marketed relatively inexpensive for the Playstation 2 by D3.
And lots of great games came from that, most of which never made it out over here, but we did get two.
We got Only in Chambara and Earth Defense Force.
One I wish that we had was Zombies vs. Emulences, but also for Earth Defense Force.
So the very first game that was actually localized for Europe actually was Global Defense Force, and that was the localized version.
And that was actually the second game that came out, so they had Earth Defense Force 2, Global Defense Force, and that came out in Europe on Playstation 2 as well.
Basically, the premise of the games is that you are the last line of resistance against an extraterrestrial attacker that happens to be giant insects and robots.
And so it's all of your cheesy, like, 50s sci-fi movie stuff thrown together with, like, kind of, I don't know, Japanese sci-fi, something like a Godzilla-looking thing in there.
But it's pretty awesome, and it's just you fighting these monsters, and you unlock weapons by kind of grinding through the levels, and they have different difficulties you can play each thing on.
You know, starting off with very easy to the dreaded Inferno mode, where it's really fucking hard.
Along with that, they did some newer versions of the game as well.
There was a Tactics game that they released in Europe as well.
The first major release over here in North America was Earth Defense Force 2017, which is the game that kind of got...
I mean, I was aware of the game previously on the Playstation 2, but I never actually played it.
But when 2017 came over here, I played the crap out of that, and that was on the Xbox 360.
They later ported that to the Vita.
And then along with that, there was another game, Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon, which is made by a completely different company instead of Sandlot Games.
This was done by, I actually don't remember the company over here, but it was a North American company as opposed to the Japanese.
And so they kind of had a different spin on it, and that came out on Xbox 360, Playstation 3, and PC.
And then later, the Earth Defense Force 2025, which is kind of, I don't know if it was an update to Earth Defense Force 2017, I guess.
It's more of a sequel, but they kind of had some elements for 2017 as well as they even kind of took a few things from Insect Armageddon.
And now that's also coming out over here on Playstation 4 as Earth Defense Force 4.
So lots of fun stuff, and pretty awesome series. What's great about it though, it wasn't a technically great series as far as, you know, there was no physics in it really, or very minimal physics.
The graphics weren't that great. It was just fun and cheap.
So if you get a chance, definitely check it out, especially Earth Defense Force 2017.
It's got to be dirt cheap now on Xbox 360, or if you have a modern console, then Earth Defense Force 4 is right around the corner. It should be coming out this fall.
Not that you're looking forward to that greatly or anything like that.
No, not at all.
Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week, the original, but it gives Loki an excuse to talk about the whole series.
The original Earth Defense Force 2017 for Playstation 2.
Yeah, I think it's just Earth Defense Force.
Alright.
That is going to do it for the first half of our show tonight, but when we come back, there's plenty more to come, including rapid fire news, the FUGL question of the week, more news, emails, and your calls at 1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We will come back after this quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live with our 606th episode in progress for this July the 19th of 2015.
Myself, Rob Roberts, and Loki here with you in studio, not here with us in studio tonight, Dark Sakura.
She talked to us earlier in the show, though. She may have been a little bit intoxicated, but she called in to talk about her trip to California Extreme anyway.
And by the way, I got a text from her during the break where she said, tell the CG capital T room they're sexy bicycle.
And then another text message came in that said, bitched. So I think in text speak, when you're intoxicated, that means tell the chat room they're sexy bitches.
So there you go, chat room. You are a bunch of sexy bicycles.
I was going to say, I think it's sexy bicycles.
From a drunk Dark Sakura herself, you are a sexy bicycle for joining us here live.
You know what? You're all a bunch of sexy bicycles out there, too, listening to us on the podcast feed.
If you burn this to a CD and listen to it in the car, I don't know how you made it fit on a CD, because it's three hours long.
I guess you did that whole MP3 thing or whatever.
However you're choosing to listen to the show this week, thank you so much for doing it.
Speaking of podcasting, before we get back into the news here real quick, did you see the whole celebration this week with iTunes doing a 10 years of podcasting? Acknowledged it.
That's pretty awesome. Were we on the list?
Of course we weren't. We haven't been on the list for about 10 years.
We've been podcasting for 10 years. I don't understand. Wouldn't you think that there would be a very small number of people that are still podcasting for 10 years to include us?
Why? When they can include, you know, people that are stand-up comics and all these celebrities and things like that.
Wow, podcasting. Celebrities do it, too.
I don't know. After so many years, you just stop caring.
Eating. Celebrities do that as well. And pooping.
That's right.
That's right. They sure do.
But I thought that was interesting because there was this whole hashtag 10 years of podcasting, but actually, y'all, iTunes didn't start podcasting.
I'd like you to think that. Obviously, iTunes, including podcasts, is what took it through the roof.
And even our own numbers went up exponentially when iTunes introduced podcasting.
So I'm not trying to say, oh, they didn't have an impact, because they sure fucking did.
I mean, it was a huge, huge company, you know, kind of embracing something that was really made with a lot of their devices in mind.
But I remember a time when we were doing the OLR to-go edition, you had to use what was it, iPod or Lemon, you know, to download this show.
And it was this whole, like, you had to download it and then it would sync to your classic, because I don't think the iPhone was out yet.
No.
These were happening. So it was funny. So podcasting has really been around a little bit longer.
So, but, um, you know, it's cool, um, to think we won, we won that podcast award, uh, for best gaming podcast. What was that? 2005.
It was about 10 years ago. So, and then that's when everybody stopped caring.
I'd like to think I stopped caring way all before that.
It's, it's funny to me at this point. I don't even care.
Uh, let's see, go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Brad from Pod Culture says, I wonder the total years of podcasting VoG has, uh, too many.
Do we talk about just podcasting or do we talk about like, uh, radio broadcasting before that?
Because, uh, Bobby did even, Bobby, by the way, is celebrating 10 years. I should, should acknowledge this on our own show at some point.
Um, if, if not next week, but, um, our pal Bobby Black Wolf, who we talk about a lot on this program because his show is on live before us and the voice geeks network.
And Bobby's been a huge partner in, in establishing the voice geeks network and so forth. His own podcast is turning 10 years old next week.
So when we talk about 10 years of podcasting, Bobby can use that in talking about himself because he's been podcasting for 10 years as of next week.
So a huge congratulations to him. Um, and I don't even know if OLR would still be running if it wasn't for Bobby Black Wolf because we would have been homeless for a little while.
Um, so, you know, props to Bobby and, and hitting his 10 year landmark. I do need to make sure we give him his proper kudos at some point here, although I probably would have mentioned it next week too, but maybe I still will.
Uh, so congratulations to him. Um, but anyway, do you count it? Cause Bobby even did like a handful episodes, I think on live 365 before podcasting.
And, uh, you know, certainly Travis from organization live was going even before we were on live 365, uh, since like I was at the end of 99 or was like 2000. I can't remember. It was a long time.
So when the years start to blur together, you know, that was a very long time ago, uh, act depth and chat says, I remember OLR having a listener cap of 150 people because life is just five.
It was a hundred. It wasn't even 150. It was a hundred and we hit it for the first time ever the week that we had the brand new, a curio mocha song from DDR.
We had the exclusive, uh, because what happened is that, you know, a lot of DDR fans Konami hired quite a few in the Bay area, including some friends of ours.
And so they had some early releases of the silent Hills soundtrack, which had the song on it.
And so we were able to get that CD and play the, play the DDR song before most people had even heard it. So we broke a hundred listeners that night. That was our first huge live night.
So good times.
I know Konami won't even talk to us.
Of course, nobody will really talk to them either. So let's be real.
Hey, I'll talk to them about DDR.
There you go. All right.
Uh, and one of the things I'm looking to do, I mean, I still want to set up my DDR pads and rebuild those.
I'm just kind of discouraged a little bit because the garage is like an oven. So, you know, playing DDR in an oven, it's not so much fun.
Uh, Brad from Pod Culture, our buddy over there on that show on Monday night, which by the way, oh my God, talk about interviews.
Did you know that on Monday's show, I usually tell you it's on Pod Culture, like after the show before we set off for the night, but I'm, this is huge.
I got to tell you now, Brad from Pod Culture and that crew, they have, they're, they're short interviews, but they're still interviews with the seventh and eighth Doctor Who's.
And seventh and eighth, I guess they're all together at a con or something. So they got some interviews.
So that is coming up on Monday. So that's, so, you know, wow. Here we are, Loki, you and I sitting here talking to each other, but tomorrow night they're going to be talking to Doctor Who, seven and eight tomorrow.
That's pretty awesome. And so they're approaching, of course, 10 years old over Pod Culture. So that's a good on them.
So if you were to add up all those years of podcasting from everybody together, it's a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot.
Anyhow, we had to get into some rapid fire news. Let's get to it. Uh, we got a lot to cover here. Loki.
All right. So as we, um, you know, we're playing a little bit of music during the break, you may remember that a lot of that comes from Blaster Master and Blaster Master is just released on virtual console for the Wii U.
So if you haven't picked it up, go get it.
Oops. My bad. I might've spoiled that story for you earlier.
That's all right.
But hey, I will say this.
It's good to remind you.
It's only a dollar to upgrade if you had it on the Wii.
And if you don't, it's $5.
And some people forgot because some, uh, some friends of mine on Twitter are just discovering this series for the first time because of the Wii U release.
And, uh, one thing I was, I was saying with that is that, um, well, one of my friends was saying that they need to do a remake.
They need to redo Blaster Master and have a new one.
And I was like, actually, a lot of people missed it, but in 2007 or eight or so, they had a Blaster Master remake on the Wii.
Uh, it was like Blaster Master Overdrive or something like that.
It's, um, it's okay. It's okay. It's, it could have been better.
It's one of those games that I think would benefit from like a update, not necessarily a remake, but like just redo the graphics.
Yeah.
Like a new, an all-stars version or something.
Yeah. I don't know. I, I, I was kind of surprised how grading the music got on me in the remake after a while, which as awesome as that song is, it's, it like kept starting over and over and over again.
Whenever you'd like go into the, you know, a third person and I don't know. Anyway.
I would like to mention though that Jason from the back kind of looks like Hello Kitty.
So I'm not really sure on you and the, the, was it the third person shooter portion of the game.
So kind of looks like Hello Kitty.
Um, do you like roguelikes? Because if you do, I've got good news for you.
Somebody has actually compiled 700 free roguelikes into one torrent. That's a lot of roguelikes.
It's a roguelike mega collection 2015.
And they're not like free because somebody like stole them.
And no, they're not free because someone stole them.
Uh, they are free because, well, they're free.
If you're interested, go check out, um, Reddit subreddit for roguelikes.
Um, there's a subreddit for roguelikes.
Are roguelikes. Yes, there is.
And, um, you can check it out. They've got the, the torrent there and you can download that.
Um, I would try to see what games are included with that.
If they, well, the list is going to be pretty big. I wouldn't try to read it all on air.
Yeah. It says a 700 free and or open source roguelikes.
A few free rogue. Um, let's see here.
Rogue lights as well.
So, very cool. Um, I don't know.
I might have to check that out, I guess.
Um, let's see.
And then this is also pretty interesting news.
Um, you want a time killer at work?
You can go play Night Trap through your web browser.
That's right. Someone has ported or at least started to port Night Trap, uh, to the, um, to your browser.
And you can check it out at nighttrap.azurewebsites.net.
Go play it.
I actually did, uh, check it out. I checked out that link and I was like, oh my god.
I think the opening movie didn't have audio though.
Yeah, they were saying that there, uh, there isn't any audio in the op- for the opening or there isn't any audio for the opening video.
Give it a few seconds to load for a better experience.
So, it's early still. The guy's, you know, working on porting it over. So, that's pretty cool.
Sharing the love of, uh, Dana Plato and the cast of people dressed really horrifically.
It's not even B-movie. It's like C-movie bad, uh, for your CD-ROM enjoyment.
Yep.
Alright, uh, moving on. There is, uh, a new patch for The Witcher 3.
It's patch 1.07 is out for The Witcher 3.
Uh, should be out for all platforms very soon if, uh, you haven't seen it already.
Uh, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC, and so forth.
Um, it is a 7.3 gig update.
Uh, new storage locations, better organization options for books, an alternative movement style for the main character.
Um, so, there you go. Although, they are saying that performance will take a hit on con-
They are not saying that, but, uh, some of the people reviewing it are saying that it is taking a performance hit on consoles.
So, who knows if we'll get another patch as a result. We'll see.
Uh, Rock Band 4 has some more confirmed tracks for the game.
Including Aerosmith, Toys in the Attic, The Cure, Friday I'm in Love, uh, Live, All Over You, uh, Ozzy Osbourne, Miracle Man.
And, uh, yeah, there's lots of cool stuff. Judas Priest, Halls of Valhalla.
So, uh, I'm sure people are going to be very excited to get into those songs in Rock Band 4.
Um, yeah, I'm excited to play Rock Band 4. Even if I'm hearing it's basically just Rock Band 2 on-
Because it's not even half keyboard, so it's more Rock Band 2 on the newer consoles.
But I'm okay with that. It's been too long. It's time to get out the plastic instruments and jam again, don't you think?
Well, I have a lot of them, so...
Speaking of getting to jam all over again, guess what, Shenmue fans? You did it!
Shenmue 3 ended with over 6.3 million dollars in funding. That took 69,000 plus backers to do it.
It is now the highest funded video game in Kickstarter history.
Which is, like, was just toppled a month ago by the, uh, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night thing.
So, um, yeah, there it is.
It was, uh, digital for PC and Playstation 4 at some point in 2017.
Don't know if a physical version will be released outside of those that, uh, did the $60 crowdfunding, but we will see.
So Shenmue 3, it's gonna happen.
It didn't make the, what was it, 10 or 11 million that the creator wanted to realize the full vision or whatever it was.
But, hey, still, biggest one ever. They're gonna have a lot to work with there to make the game.
So good luck and, uh, make a good game.
Alright, uh, Loki, you have a few more for us.
Yes. So High Moon Studios, um, has finally brought back Deadpool, available for sale again on Steam.
Originally it was pulled because of, um, Activision losing the rights to it, but apparently something has been worked out.
So now it's back up on Steam to purchase. However, it's $39.99.
Maybe wait for another one of those flash sales, but I probably do need to get my Deadpool on because it looks pretty amazing.
Um, with that, Tekken Cross Street Fighter. Where is it?
It's still in development, though. At least that's what they're saying.
And, you know, apparently there was an interview with Tekken's producer, Katsuhiro Harada, and basically asked,
Hey, uh, whatever happened to Tekken Cross Street Fighter?
And basically I know, um, you know, I've been saying it since, um, before, but the fact of the matter is that we're pretty far staged into its development.
It might seem like we haven't really started on anything at all, but the character lineup has been decided upon, um, since it's a very long time ago.
And we've already finished the polygon models, moves, and systems.
So it is still working, you know, being worked on. Maybe they're probably going to use part of the engine from Tekken 7.
Maybe even the development of Tekken Cross Street Fighter helped, you know, those engines.
So, hopefully soon. That'd be pretty nice.
And then, last but not least, um, Wreck-It Ralph 2.
It is coming. According to John C. Reilly, he has been confirmed to be in the movie doing the voice of Wreck-It Ralph himself.
So, it's gonna be awesome. Don't know when exactly it's scheduled to be coming out, but I have to go see the original one now.
You have to watch that again? Get ready for the new one?
I haven't watched the original one.
Well, you've never seen Wreck-It Ralph?
I've never seen Wreck-It Ralph.
What? You need to get on that.
I do need to get on that.
Oh my god. How has that not happened yet? Especially, you have kids!
Yeah, I understand.
You need to sit down and watch it.
I do.
Work on it. That's your homework assignment.
Alright.
Don't come back till you do.
Alright, maybe we'll let you back. But seriously, watch Wreck-It Ralph. It's so fun.
Alright, let's get to the FUGL Question of the Week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
And we read some of our favorite answers in this segment.
That's what we call the FUGL Question of the Week.
Well, with EVO going on this weekend, we thought we'd ask you guys about fighting games.
What's your favorite fighting game of all time and why?
So, pretty simple questions tonight, but I still anticipate it was such a broad genre.
We're going to get a lot of different answers.
So, Fabrice A. starts us off on Facebook saying,
I've always had a soft spot for Mortal Kombat.
It's not too hardcore and that's what makes it so fun.
No need to train for weeks until you finally get the hang of it.
Back when I had more time, I played a lot of Virtua Fighter II on Sega Saturn.
Tech2030 says, Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection on arcade, PSP, and PS3.
It was the first fighting game I was ever really into.
I must have sunk hundreds of hours into it between all the platforms.
And it was the last game I went to the arcade specifically to play.
Asserping Slurpee says, by far my favorite fighting game is Star Gladiator.
I like how weird and unique the characters are.
Justin H. says, Super Smash Brothers, and not just because of the character lore,
but the damage system far outplays health bars.
Smash Brothers has the unique ability to pull in a massive casual audience
that the others cannot, excuse me, as well as a smaller but very dedicated hardcore base.
Mason D. says, it's hard for me to pick one, but I played Soul Calibur II a lot.
If you can TER, TER, 2G, and Step Guard properly,
you can win consistently with most of the cast.
I like Dead or Alive 5 LR2.
Hitomi's 6P plus G puts you in a situation where you can 7K counter hit for an air combo,
2P for pressure, or 3P plus K to punish blocks.
And I'm sure that's all punch plus kick, guard, things like that.
2Long didn't read, I like math.
Silent Tom says, favorite fighting game of all time is Super Street Fighter II.
I have so many fond memories from high school,
playing so long we would wear out Super Nintendo controllers.
Dar Tetsuya says, overall the Street Fighter II series of course,
but one I have a lot of memories of was Battle Arena Toshinden on the original PlayStation PSX.
I originally loved the soundtrack, it had some really great energetic music.
Ragenator said, there's no one game that's my favorite.
That being said, I've always loved the old 2D Mortal Kombats,
miscellaneous versions of Street Fighter II, Killer Instinct, Gold, and Samurai Shodown IV.
Fifth Dream says, it has to be Street Fighter II.
That game just blew me away when it came out.
I got pretty obsessed over it and I even bought a strategy guide,
even though I hardly got to play it in the arcade.
I even made my mom buy me the regular and turbo versions when they came out on Super Nintendo.
Winston H says, the Street Fighter Alpha series.
I played those games the most when growing up.
Hit Stun says, Virtua Fighter V Final Showdown gets my pick because of how matches flow.
Combos are only a few seconds long and can end a few different ways,
so it's never long before you make another decision and get back in the fight.
Everyone always had lots of opinions to discover,
but the moves with tricky inputs are only a little better than the basic strings.
And Tony B says, Street Fighter Alpha III.
Fond memories playing after school, great selection of characters, ism modes, and two-player boss battles.
Over on Google+, we have a few answers as well to the same question,
starting off with ActDeft who says, Capcom vs. SNK 2.
The best fighting game of all time. I love that game a lot.
Street Fighter Alpha III is a close second.
Reddertainment says, I tried playing a couple fighting games,
but I don't play those games regularly because I suck at fighting games.
It's not that they're good or bad, I just suck at them.
And Dustin B says, Favorite fighting game was Virtua Fighter,
especially the first two or three in the US and later ones when I was in Japan.
At first, it was the wow factor of having realistically animated martial arts moves in 3D,
but there were also a lot of strategy and mind games involved when playing others in the arcade.
Met some cool people and used to trade techniques and advice with other good players,
which will always be in my memories.
How about you, Loki? Favorite fighting game ever?
I have three that would be harder to choose from.
So I would say Marvel vs. Capcom 2, because I love me some moral combat.
Or not moral combat, Marvel vs. Capcom.
Whoops!
I hate moral combat, actually.
All the characters, just the crossover between comic book characters and Street Fighter characters and Mega Man stuff,
that was awesome, so big props to that.
My other favorite game would be Ur-Guts, because it had the Final Fantasy characters in it,
and so that was kind of fun.
But I'd say probably my number one favorite fighting game, Power Stone.
I love Power Stone and I miss playing that game.
I have it on my Dreamcast, I just need to hook it up.
My number one and my number two were named.
My number one probably favorite game for fighting ever is probably Soul Calibur 2,
just because, you know, it was...
I remember when they put Link on it on the home console for GameCube,
and then it had, like, I think Xbox got Spawn or whatever.
Yeah, everybody wanted Link. You had the GameCube version for Link.
And, you know, the single player mode.
But then the arcade mode was great too, and that was out right at the height of us playing DDR all the time.
And so, you know, as a cooldown from DDR, we'd go play Soul Calibur 2,
and there was that whole, like, you know, you fought for one particular kingdom or whatever,
and you fought other people, like, there was that whole...
Yeah, like the little ghost character.
It was like a social thing, but in the arcade, and I love that.
And all that's on the internet now, like, you don't really have that local feature like you used to have,
which is too bad.
My second answer would have been Capcom vs. SNK 2,
which thankfully somebody named there, towards the end there.
But my third game, the whole series wasn't even named by anybody,
but it's a big part of the reason why we have Capcom vs. SNK 2.
My third favorite fighting game would be Fatal Fury Special,
because I love some of the characters in Fatal Fury, the Neo Geo especially at the time.
I remember having the... I never owned the console, but, like, I rented one or a friend had one,
hooked it up to my TV, played some Fatal Fury Special.
That was awesome. That was like having the arcade in your... I mean, it was so cool.
And then the game itself was a lot of fun.
Some great characters like Mai, Kim Kap Wan was my favorite, but, you know,
especially in Special you had, like, Tung Fu Ru and Duck King and all these, like, really cool characters.
And, yeah, I just... I love that series.
So, yeah, Fatal Fury Special is probably... is in my top three for sure.
And very, very competitive top three for me.
So, let's see.
Looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Dr. Tetsuya says,
Didn't we have a guy that was huge into Soul Calibur 2?
Oh, I'm sure a lot of people were huge into Soul Calibur 2.
I mean, it wasn't just a side thing for all of us.
I think they had a whole little community there as well.
Akuma JP says, Oh, Sky is one of those who plays Kim.
Wait a minute, is that a bad thing? Can I...
Yeah, Kim Kap Wan is probably my favorite in the whole game.
Because he can do, like, that thing where he jumps in the air and you fly down with the feet and...
He, like, kicks somebody in the stomach as you're falling down.
It's awesome. I love that guy. He has, like, the flip kicks and all that stuff.
Yeah, that guy's awesome.
And then I love Mai. Of course I love Mai.
But, I mean, like, just the fans and the fire kick.
Anyway, I just... I think that that series is so awesome.
Anyway, that's it for the Fuka Question of the Week.
Let's get back into some news. Loki.
Alright. I was just checking out the Flash Sale on PlayStation Network.
They have Borderlands The Handsome Collection down to $30.
I wish I'd bought that instead of Elder Scrolls.
It is tempting. I may have to pick that up. We'll see.
So, let's talk about the Oculus Rift.
They've acquired Pebble's interfaces, and this is gonna be used for hand tracking.
Kinda reminds me a lot of what you see now with...
What the fuck do they call that?
I don't know. There's other hand tracking solutions out there right now.
But this, I guess they're saying, is gonna be kind of working in conjunction with the Oculus Touch.
That new controller that they have to maybe help increase the sensitivity of the capture of your hand movements and stuff.
So, I don't know. It'll be pretty cool.
I'd like to see how that ends up playing out.
I really want to try out the Oculus Touch controller because it looks stupid when you look at it.
But apparently everybody has tried it, really enjoying it.
So, I think it's one of those things you have to try to kind of fully grasp how good it is.
How long do we have to wait until the Oculus Rift? Another six months?
Did they ever actually release a date? I don't think they did.
I think it was supposed to be early 2016. So, like six to...
Things could still get delayed for all I know.
Things could still get delayed. Who knows?
Alright. Well, moving on. We're all bummed out that there's not gonna be a new Tron movie, or at least not now.
Yes, absolutely.
So, I'm pissed off about that. However, apparently the Tron world lives on.
And this might be a pretty cool way to do it.
Don't be an MMO. Don't be an MMO. Don't be an MMO.
Tron Escape is something that has been leaked.
Don't be a mobile game. Don't be a mobile game. Don't be a mobile game.
It's not. It's a PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC game.
The Brazilian Advisory Rating System outing of it is to be trusted.
Which, a lot of the times, that's how these things get ruined is through rating board leaks.
So, there you go. Disney hasn't said anything about it, obviously.
But, D23 is around the corner, so who knows?
I'd be all over that.
Disney Interactive, apparently, is the publisher of the game.
This also goes in line with another rumor from way back in February or whatever.
But, remember when, and I'm going to say his name wrong, and he's a huge electronics guy.
Giorgio Moroder?
I can never say his name right, but I know he did some of the stuff with...
Oh, God. He did some very recent stuff that's been very...
But, he also goes back years and years. He's OG.
He's apparently been working on something. He was working on it back in February.
And he said, we have about five themes, electronic stuff,
and let's see if Skrillex is interested in remixing or reworking one of the songs.
So, Moroder says, start to see in chat.
Random Access Memories with Daft Punk. Oh, he was a part of that album, really.
Well, that's awesome. Oh, yeah, because he did...
That's right. He did conspire some of the tracks.
Yeah, that's right. Now that you're saying that, of course.
So, that would be really cool. I'd be down.
Whatever, just be better than the last Tron game.
And even the last Tron game, I don't know, I would probably play that still.
Yeah, it wasn't awful, and it had a story that kind of tied into the movies okay,
but just like, yeah, it should have been better.
And maybe it was just rushed to meet the movie. Who knows?
But, you know, that game, though, now on like a PlayStation 4,
you're gonna have visuals probably pretty similar to like, you know, the last Tron movie.
So, yes.
That's gonna be awesome if that ends up being a real kick-ass game.
I really hope they don't screw it up.
So, I'm glad to hear that even if the movies can't go on,
now, maybe at least the games can do the franchise justice.
I mean, if the games end up being just the movie, hey, sounds good.
I still would like a new movie.
Yeah, I'd like that too, but, you know, I'll take a game to hold me over.
Just make it good. Don't suck.
Alright, anyhow.
Moving on to another story that was something that Game Politics actually ran this week.
Talking about a new study regarding sexism in video game culture.
A new study concluding that it's simply just another form of bullying,
which kind of strikes me as a duh, but anyway.
The findings come from a study called,
Insights into Sexism, Male Status and Performance Moderates Female Directed, Hostile and Amicable Behavior.
The researchers were Michael Kasimovic from the Ecology and Evolution Research Center in the University of New South Wales,
and Jeffrey Kunznikov from the Department of Integrative Studies at Miami University, Middletown.
And apparently they actually detailed their research in an editorial that these guys wrote on phys.org,
and they were using Halo 3. It records data about kills and interactions among players.
They played 126 games of Halo 3 as a man and a woman by using a pre-recorded male and female voice,
and found that when they were playing as a guy, it was positive feedback, even if they weren't playing well.
When they played as a woman, he got more negative comments, particularly from players who were performing poorly themselves.
A quote saying, This suggests that men behaved according to a social hierarchy.
When they were performing poorly, i.e. they were lower status, they did not challenge a male voiced teammate,
but they did challenge a female voiced one.
It's because I think a lot of these people that are playing these games are under the recommended age for those games,
and so you're dealing with a lot of immature people.
Not to say that people over 18 are all absolutely mature, but I think that that's kind of one of the issues there,
and it's just immature, period. I don't think it's necessarily directed towards one sex or the other.
They're just... I don't know. I can't imagine that...
Well, I think it does show some underlying problems with culture as a whole.
I can't imagine, though, that... I understand that they're saying 126 games, okay?
And that as a male player, this person would encourage the other member.
But was that the same person that they were playing as a female?
Because how do we know that this person just isn't a douchebag that actually is like,
you know, instead of, you know,
I mean, seriously, there's not like... it's not the gender.
It's just you're dealing with a lot of assholes, and you're dealing with a lot of people that are not so bad.
You're running in... I don't know. I just don't think gender plays a really big role in that.
Yeah, people are assholes to anybody.
They'll be an asshole to you if they figure that you're different than them somehow,
because it gives them an angle to make fun to, I don't know, get a rise out of you,
because they suck, because they can't do well in the game,
so they have to somehow dominate you in a different way,
and whether that be insulting you or something, I don't know.
I guess that's how it is.
You know, I think it is a sign of a greater problem in culture to begin with,
but, I mean, the only thing that kind of grasps me as odd about this is that...
and it's sort of what you were saying, is that, you know, the men were suddenly like,
oh, they got positive feedback, even if they weren't playing well.
Based on my experience in Halo 3...
I always get positive feedback. I always get, like, good...
Okay, because I don't, and I got, you know, there's a lot of really ugly things...
No, no, I mean, I give positive feedback.
People are not happy with the way I play, usually.
Oh, God, I mean, and, you know...
But it only drives me to hit her some more.
So it's weird to me, like, were they only looking for this whole, like, gender thing,
or I'm really surprised you didn't have a lot of, like, sexuality.
And just because they're being hostile to you doesn't mean that you're not gonna like it,
because, for example, especially when I'm kicking someone's ass in the game,
like, back in the Grand Theft Auto days, like, I'd be just creaming these people,
and they'd be, like, saying just the worst shit ever,
but it made it so much more pleasurable to just beat the crap out of them.
It's like, there's nothing you can do. You're just gonna complain about it and try to insult me,
but you're still losing. You're still losing.
I think this is why you're really seeing a big shift, though.
I mean, like, this, because of ugliness like this,
most people play in their own little party, like, their private party, and then that's it.
That's the only voices they hear, and that's the way I prefer to play.
I can't remember last time I played a game online with strangers
where I could hear a stranger's voice chatting.
That's why it kind of caught me off guard in Elder Scrolls Online
for the few minutes I was playing that, when I could hear other people around me
just talking out in the open, because PlayStation 4 servers are dedicated,
so the voice chat goes to those as well, so I could just hear people around talking.
I'm like, oh, God, I don't want to hear what I'm gonna hear.
I know what I'm gonna hear, and it's gonna be awful.
So it's like, I just prefer to cut all that out and just hear my friends.
Maybe if you cut out all that voice chat, there'd be enough bandwidth to load those monsters in there.
That's what I was fucking saying!
Like, oh my God, that's why I don't get what's going on with that game, anyway.
All right. Moving on to more stories. Loki.
But hey, go buy our DLC, because, you know, there's gonna be more worlds and everything,
and they have to add that in there.
Anyways, so this is kind of a name we haven't heard about in a while.
Jade Raymond is joining EA, and she's actually set to head up a new Motive Studios and Visceral Games.
She's kind of joining them to, I guess, work on some new projects.
The new studio, what was it? Motive, which is a multipurpose studio.
They're creating their own IPs and also helping other in-house developers with their own projects.
And in case you are not familiar with Jade Raymond, she was behind Assassin's Creed.
So I'm curious to see what she has, what they may be working on.
Apparently she may be assisting with Mass Effect Andromeda, is the thought.
I thought they had said what game it was gonna be, like a new type of game.
Well, maybe they're just not ready to announce it, I don't know.
Oh, I guess that's not the case anymore. I see the correction there.
Apparently the studios are simply co-locating at EA Montreal.
So they may be working out of the same office as them, but they're not working on that game.
All right. And Tigerclaw says, I hear it's the new Star Wars game.
Yeah, I thought that's what I had heard somewhere, too, is that it had to do with Star Wars, whatever it was.
Dartitsuyu though, just to throw it back a little bit here, Dartitsuyu says, oh sure, Nintendo gets criticized when Splatoon doesn't have voice chat.
Now hold on with that though, because I have been critical of Splatoon for not having voice chat, because I'd like to chat with friends.
There's a big difference. I don't care if they have it disabled for the Stranger Play and all that stuff, and that's fine.
But it's the fact that I can't even chat with friends. In fact, I can't even really matchmake with friends as much as I'd like to in Splatoon.
That's the problem I have.
I'm sorry, there's a difference between, you know...
I don't care that they have it shut off with strangers, because they'd probably shut it off anyway.
And that's the thing too, I understand that you're trying to protect the children, or at least that's the excuse that we're using.
But people like to have options. And there are some people, like me, that don't give a shit about the people talking.
The only time that really bothers me is when some idiot has music in the background or something, and there's a lot of feedback or something like that.
And then I'll usually shut it off. Or if someone's bothering me, I'll mute them if they keep talking or yelling or whatever the case may be.
But don't use that as an excuse to just not put it in there at all, because, oh, we want to protect the children.
No, it's bullshit. You're cutting corners to put this game out is what you're doing.
You're cutting corners. Why wouldn't you just enable it then for friends only stuff?
Obviously you have to swap your stupid codes to be friends with people. Don't you trust them to talk to each other?
I mean, it's a bad excuse is what it is.
Anyhow, a follow-up quickly on Batman Arkham Knight on the PC. A PC patch is due to come out in August.
This is after word that the game would not even just be fixed until the fall. I guess that news would come out earlier in the week.
But this patch is an interim patch, I guess, that's happening in August.
And what's going to happen with this update will address many of the issues we listed in the June 27th update.
We'll provide additional details as we finalize the interim patch over the coming week.
We'd like to thank you for your continued patience and feedback, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I still haven't seen, because I know that they can track those returns and everything now on Steam.
I'm not sure it would benefit anyone to publish that information. That's probably why they don't.
Well, it doesn't matter, though. They're not the ones publishing the information. It's coming from Steam Spy, I think.
Oh, yeah, that third party.
It's not necessarily sales, but it shows who has the game in the library type thing. So I'm curious to see what the returns were on that.
Would it track the... I guess it would.
It would, because it would reduce the amount of library entries, that is.
Interesting.
Let's check them. I'm going to take a look.
Well, while you look into that, I'm going to get into the mailbag.
Every week, you guys email us. Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
And usually Dark Soccer dives in the mailbag and reads some emails for you.
But it's just me! It's me!
So I'm going to read this lone email, our one lone email we have this week, from Elliot B., who emails us and says,
Hey, O.L.R., while listening to last week's foogle question of the week, I thought of a TV show I'd love to see adapted into a game.
How about a House of Cards game using the Nemesis system from Shadow of Mordor?
Make fragile alliances with fellow politicians.
Turn enemies against each other and push pesky reporters under trains in your quest to become the head of state.
I smell a hit.
That is from Elliot B.
So a late answer there to the foogle question of the week on TV shows becoming video games there.
Appreciate that answer.
That's it, though, for emails this week.
We just got one extra little answer there for the foogle question of the week.
If you want to email us with a question or anything that's on your mind, something maybe we didn't get to this week or what have you,
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those emails.
Meanwhile, we're going to get to the FUs of the week.
Why don't you start us off tonight, Logie?
So just the FUs being tired and cranky this weekend because of my poor diet.
That was my only fault because I didn't really have food in the house and I was trying to limit myself to what I could eat.
And so, you know, without sugar, apparently I get pretty cranky.
Also, the sales data doesn't make any goddamn sense for Arkham Knight.
It's going up.
How's it going up if they pulled it off the store?
You can't tell me that thousands of people have all of a sudden redeemed their codes late.
I don't know.
My FU of the week goes to food poisoning.
Oh my God, it ruined.
Look, I'm not going to get all TMI, but we all know it's like the worst thing, right?
So it ruined my week.
It absolutely ruined my week and the fact that I couldn't go to California Extreme because of it.
I'm like a little more than pissed off because of it.
But what you do, life sucks sometimes.
Meh.
But FU to that.
And FU to the likely culprit, which I honestly, I don't want to name it on air because it's a big restaurant.
But I just and I don't have conclusive proof.
But yeah, I'm just.
Come on.
It was one of two places, but here's the thing.
I will say I'm going to say this much for dinner on Tuesday.
We had round table pizza.
And that was when I started feeling like, oh, my God, oh, God, this is this is the end of the world.
But Alan ate it, too, and he was fine.
So I'm thinking it's something I had earlier and earlier in the day.
So.
I don't know, just be wary of any.
It wouldn't be the first wary of any golden things out there, like any arches that are out there or anything like that.
That may have bad stuff.
Just be careful. All right.
Anyway, let's get a couple more stories for you guys there, and then we'll get to some phone calls.
One eight seven seven game oil are using them on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
There is a new hack out there for your 3DS, and it's allowing people to run homebrew as well as region free games and custom themes.
And it's called the Ninj hack to Ninj hacks 2.0.
You have to have a copy of Cubic Ninja from the same region in your system in order to load the hack.
And apparently it uses the scan QR code feature from Cubic Ninja to do that.
But they're also working it to use a hack that uses Ocarina of Time 3D.
So, we'll see. I'm sure this has already been patched out.
Yeah, the hack works with 3DSs, new 3DSs, and 2DSs running any region firmware between 9.0 and 9.9.
All right. And it does not play, though, copied games, right?
It does not play copied games according to this.
Then I think this is a blessing to the entire community, because the fact that it will let you play region free games on the 3DS, this is a blessing.
And apparently there's homebrew stuff like 3DS Craft, which is like Minecraft in 3D.
I think that's awesome. I welcome this. I hope it doesn't get patched out.
Except it will.
Yeah, of course it will, because Nintendo's not going to like it.
But I love the fact that it gets around the region free thing, which is a shitty practice to begin with, and that it would enable some of these homebrew things is pretty cool, too.
Cubic Ninja's really expensive from this, too. I have to take a look at that real quick.
I want to say that it's hard to find now.
Yeah, Seattle in chat says Cubic Ninja shot up in price after this hack. Of course it did.
But yeah, it's too bad it'll get patched out within seconds.
But you know how I feel about the whole region locking thing.
Hackers gonna hack. And it's hard to say it's unethical when it won't play the copied games, because we know that's another reason why a lot of people like this stuff, but this isn't part of that.
It's $20.
That's what they're showing.
It's not too bad.
It's a pretty old game, but yeah.
Alright, well one more story for you guys, and it's about another Kickstarter.
But this one sounds pretty cool, because this is about 90s arcade gaming, and specifically Midway Games, who of course made Mortal Kombat back in the day.
NBA Jam, Revolution X, NARC, San Francisco Rush.
There is a new documentary being Kickstarted called Insert Coin Inside the Midway 90s Revolution.
And they are currently trying to raise money to finish the documentary and get it all distributed.
They want to get $75,000, and with 28 days to go they've made $17,000, almost $18,000 of that.
So I don't know, they still got a ways to go, but we'll see, we'll see.
But I know there's a lot of people, especially coming on the week of California Extreme, there's a lot of people out there with a lot of love for some of these old school games.
And I love hearing stories, so I think it's a pretty noble idea to try to get this all on film before, you know, unfortunately, some of these people that can tell the stories someday will no longer be with us.
As we unfortunately learned all too soon this past week.
So I'm all for getting these stories documented on film.
And it sounds like a lot of it's been shot, they just need some money to travel around and get the last few interviews, and then I guess get it all together and distributed and all that.
So, good luck with that Kickstarter. Insert coin if you want to look that up over on Kickstarter.
I will extend an invite to the show for the folks behind that and see if we can hear more about that at a later time.
All right, that is going to do it for the stories.
Now it's your turn. If you want to give us a call, Skype Line is open, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you'd like to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight or anything we might have missed.
It's your turn. Meanwhile, I'll check in with Loki real quick and check if there's any last minute stories.
Yeah, I was going to mention that Red Ash isn't doing so well.
They're about $442,000 out of the $800,000 goal, and they still have 14 days left.
So it's going to be kind of squeaking pretty close.
Hmm.
Which is too bad, I really did want a new.
Yeah, I just think they're trying to do it a little too soon.
I understand logically why, because games start being made a long time before they're ready to go, and there is a little lull at the end of one project before it's actually released.
And then what the artists and the conceptual people and some of the designers are doing right now, there's not a lot to do if there's not another project.
So I get that, but at the same time, it's really hard to ask people for money when the last project's not out there yet.
Well, the other thing too is Red Ash kind of even has less to show originally, because I mean, I think when Mighty Nein number nine was kickstarted, they actually had something that looked like gameplay.
You know, this just has some like art. I mean, we don't know what it's gonna look like.
Yeah, that's a good point. I wonder, are you allowed to go back to Kickstarter with a project again if it doesn't come the first time?
Yes. Yes, you can. So if it fails, I can try again.
I hope that's what they decide to do if they fail. They just need to wait until after Mighty Nein is out and try again.
But, you know, at the same time, maybe they wouldn't be able to. Maybe some of those people would move on to other opportunities and careers, and then we lose our chance. I don't know.
It's an interesting part of this whole Kickstarter culture we're in now.
Let me put out another shoutout for calls. 1-877-GAMO-LR, or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio, if you'd like to give us a call. It's all one word. Orange Lounge Radio.
And I know it's all working. Some of those issues we had before the program tonight where we had a power surge or something happened that has stopped.
I'm not using the oven during the show as I was during Bobby Black Wolf, just so we're clear. It's much cooler in here now.
We do have a call coming in. Let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Orme.
Hey, Orme. What's up?
Nothing much. I just wanted to basically chime in and talk about a few things.
Apparently, you guys were talking about Iwata passing away and everything, but did you guys hear about the game that he came out with, The Marrow Maker?
There's a TV show called Gamer Center CX. They actually did a demo playthrough of it on his website, the Gamer CX website.
I know the series in Japan, certainly Game Center DX, they even had a game that came out on the 3DS. It's kind of a big thing over in Japan.
I had seen that clip of Iwata on the show. What was that he was showing? A game that we never saw?
Well, Marrow Maker. I'm sure you guys heard about it.
Oh, gosh. You're one of those people that says Mario.
Mario, yeah. I absolutely do know how to say it, but because I'm American, I say Mario.
Well, I'm an American, I say Mario. That's all right. We got all these different accents throughout the US. It's fine.
It threw me from, what's a Mario? Oh, okay. Is he saying mirror? Oh, got it. Mario.
I remember what you said the first time.
All right.
There it is.
Thanks, Loki.
Mario Maker, Mario Maker, depending on what part of the country you're from.
Oh, I'm so excited about that game. You know, a lot of people are saying, and this is, again, one of those statements that just hits you right in the feels, like just stabs you with a feel gun or whatever.
A feel gun.
A feel gun. I don't know where my mind is going.
The fact that this is Satoru Iwata's last game that he's really been hyping is it's like, now I'm giving you, everybody out there, the tools to make a game.
You know, in a way, it's just kind of like that that's what he leaves us with is something where it's like, now that he's made games for years and years, he's leaving us with something where we can make our own games of sort.
I mean, you know, they're limited to Mario stuff, but still, the fact that, you know, this is a huge venture for Nintendo into taking one of their most known and beloved series and basically opening it up for people to ruin it, absolutely.
And you know what I mean? Because, again, how many seconds until the penis level shows up?
Immediately.
How many levels until the giant? How many until big booby level where it's all those music blocks, so it's just these big boobs where it's boing, boing, boing?
Like, five seconds. Five seconds until you get Mario's big booby climb or whatever it's gonna be called.
Nice.
I'm pretty excited about it. I was just wondering if you guys are gonna be making any, like, custom levels that we can kind of, like, watch you guys stream or play, because I know I'm gonna have time to play, but I won't be able to have time to make as many levels as I want, but...
Hell yeah, I'm gonna be picking that game up for sure, day one. That's what I'm buying myself for Loki's birthday, because you know what's coming out on Loki's birthday?
So that's what I'll be buying myself for Loki's birthday. And I don't know about the streaming and all that, because I've been really behind on that this year, although I really want to get that going again.
So, who knows? Maybe after Dragon Con I'll be able to get the ball rolling on that, but I'll definitely be making levels. I can't promise they'll be good, but I'll try.
No problem, no worries. The second thing I want to run is Final Fantasy VII. I've seen a date for it on Amazon, which is something in December of 2016.
Yeah, it's a placeholder.
It's absolutely a placeholder.
Again, these companies, they want your pre-orders, they want your money upfront as much as they can, and they don't always know when the game's gonna come out, so they'll use a placeholder.
This is why all the time you see on GameStop, you see 1231 of whatever year, they believe it's coming out that year, they just don't know what day.
So, no, unfortunately December 2016 holds no weight, and I honestly believe it's a lot further than that. This game seems a lot more behind.
Well, I shouldn't say behind, but it seems not as progressed, you know, as into it as people think it is.
I honestly truly believe, as it may, I think that game like maybe, maybe 2018. Maybe.
Yeah, because of the anniversary.
Oh, I wasn't even thinking about that, but that's a damn good point.
But here's the thing, we still have Final Fantasy XV, which clearly isn't making it this year, so I'm assuming that's next year's big game is Final Fantasy XV, then finally we'll have Kingdom Hearts III, I guess, and I would be surprised if they both made it out next year.
I would think Kingdom Hearts is gonna be more of a 2017 release. That would be about the earliest I would think that Final Fantasy VII could possibly come out, but I really think it's gonna be 2018.
Alright, well, you know, I mean, it's really difficult for me to see, like, those two blockbusters come out the same year, but you're right. I'm guessing two years from now.
It's gonna be a while. I'm gonna be fucking 40 years old when I get to play that Final Fantasy remake. Oh well.
Don't say that.
Alright, I know.
That's how old I am.
Alright. Alright, my friend, thank you for the call, and take care.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Some folks in chat talking about making levels in N++, which apparently is out this week on Tuesday. I know there's been a lot of hype around that as well.
Do you have another story for us, Loki?
Mmm, no.
Alright, let me put out one more call for calls, then I'm gonna close it up.
1877 game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, but it's already lighting up, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello? Are you on mute? I'm talking to the amazing caller on mute, that I can't hear. Who calls into this show often, and usually does not have a problem, but is having one tonight?
We'll just blame it on a-
Hello?
Alright, we'll just blame it on a power surge, because for some reason I am not hearing them. Maybe he'll try again there in a minute.
Echo123, of course, if you ever want to test things out. I'm gonna give him one try to get back in here.
1877 game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
As Joe and Hunter Matt in chat says, blame it on the cookies.
Hey, you know what? I've never- Okay, so you know how at the store you can buy those cookies?
They're the ultimate, like, bachelor cookies, which I realize I'm in a relationship that I've been in for like five years, so I wouldn't exactly call myself a bachelor,
but we still live like them, okay? So they sell those cookies that are just like, break them off and put them on the cookie sheet and put them in the oven, right?
And usually it's just chocolate chip, sugar cookies, like it's really basic stuff, right? I found coconut macaroons that you could peel off and bake at the store,
and I was so happy, because those are like my favorite types of cookies. Anyway, we're gonna try this one more time here.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Aww, I think your connection is broke, or your mic is broke.
Sorry, my friend, hope you can fix it.
Let's act deaf to you guys, I don't know what's wrong with act deaf's connection tonight, because usually it works.
Let's see, we have another person calling in, maybe this connection will work.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys? It's Kaijuto.
Okay, good, at least Skype works, the other caller's having a problem. Oh, no.
Well, what's up, Kaijuto? How you doing?
I'm alright, I'm gonna keep this short just so the other caller can get in, because I really don't have that much to say.
All I just want to say is that you guys are talking about EVO, and what's your favorite fighting game?
I just have one game for you, and that's Yomi. You need to check that out, Y-O-M-I.
It's a card game, it's a fighting game, but it's a card game at the same time,
and it's probably one of the best balanced fighting games you'll ever play,
and just don't get discouraged just because it's a card game.
I mean, it is a serious fighting game. It's actually made by a guy who made one of the street 
well, he didn't make one of the street fighting games, but he did some programming or some crap, I don't know.
But it's a really good game. It was supposed to be a street fighter card game,
and then something went wrong along the way, so the guy decided to just make his own characters and continue to make the game,
but it is freaking great. You can get it on Steam. You could also play it free online right now.
Just put Yomi online, you'll find it, and there's a bunch of different ways you could play it.
There's a real physical card game. It's one of the best out there.
So it's not like  I mean, when you say card game, my mind went to like,
oh, I actually like a Magic the Gathering or a Dominion type of thing that actually has cards on the table.
Yeah, it's not even like that. It's not a deck-building game.
Each character is their own deck of 54 cards. They actually base it off of playing cards,
you know, with the two jokers included. So there's no deck-building. You don't have to collect cards.
You don't have to go searching for the best card for your battle.
They're all contained in that one deck, and you can choose to buy all the characters,
which right now there's 20. I don't think they're going to make any more any time soon.
I think he's finished creating the characters. There's 20 characters, and you don't necessarily have to buy everybody.
You can just stick with one or two of your favorites and just battle people online.
And like any other card game, it's like a rock, paper, scissors kind of aspect, but that's for every card game.
But a lot of the ways they describe it is rock, paper, scissors because there's like 
you have three different moves you can do. Like there's attack, and attack beats throw.
Then you have throw, throw beats block and dodge, and block and dodge beats attack.
And it's just a matter of just trying to guess what card your opponent is going to play.
And if you played the right card that defeats his card, then you get to do combos just like you do in regular fighting games.
And it's just really cool. It's a lot to explain, but it's a really cool game. You need to check it out.
They also have it on the  I know a lot of you have iPhones, so they have it on the iPhone as well.
A lot of different places you can play. They're highly, highly, highly recommended.
I've talked about it before on your show, and now you guys ignored me.
Nah, I didn't ignore you. There's not enough time to play everything out there.
But Yomi  well, you got somebody in chat. Fifth Dream just added it to his wish list there.
So Yomi, Y-O-M-I for bonds006 who's asking me what the name of that is.
Yeah, Yomi translates into read. So you're like  supposedly you're supposed to be reading the mind of your opponent.
And that's why they call it Yomi. It's great.
We have a saying on one of my other shows. Reading is fundamental. So there you go.
Alright, my friend. I appreciate the recommendation. Check that out.
Alright, take care.
You too.
Good to hear from you. Bye.
Alright, I guess that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight. Sorry to those who didn't get through.
Act deaf. I don't know what happened with your connection, but consider sending us an e-mail.
Excuse me. Participate at orangeloungeradio.com because 1877 Game OLR is now closed.
Thank you so much, though, to our callers tonight.
And we'll open that up, of course, again next week.
Next week on the program, of course, Dark Soccer will be back.
I'll let you know if anything changed in the world of Elder Scrolls Online.
Maybe plugging into Wired will change my opinion on the whole damn game.
We'll see. I don't know at this point, but we'll see.
And who knows. Whatever else happens in games this week.
Journey out this week on the PlayStation 4.
I think a lot of us will be re-exp- I know I will be.
I definitely want to play through that again.
So it'll be a fun week in games.
And I know other people looking forward to N+.
We were talking, I don't remember if this was just on Bobby's show or if we were saying on our show too,
but Rocket League, huge, doing huge.
They were giving it away for free on PlayStation Plus.
And now people are just running away huge with this game, loving it.
I need to check that game out myself so I know that's on my list of things to do there.
Let's check that game out.
So we'll be back in about seven days to do it all again.
Hey, you know what I say every week here on the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, tell a friend or 12 about the show.
Help spread the word because that's all we got.
We're an independent podcast, independently done and produced.
And that's all we got is you guys to help us spread the word.
So we really appreciate that.
A nice five star review on iTunes or Stitcher Radio or any of that goes a long way.
It's been a while since we've had a new review in either of those places.
So if you haven't left one yet, we'd totally love it if you take five seconds and go write something real quick.
We'd really appreciate that over on those sites.
Because we really try not to ask for your money in order to do this show.
Sometimes there might be like a charitable thing we'll ask you guys to donate to or what have you.
But we don't really ask money for our own pockets.
We just do this because it's fun and we like to hang out with you guys.
So help us spread the word and support independent podcasting even if you didn't like this show.
There's so many other hardworking people out there also doing podcasting you should consider supporting.
Just like I mentioned, Bobby Black Wolf turning 10 double digits next week.
Congrats, sir.
It's time to go around to get everybody's final thought.
Loki, thanks for holding down the fort with me tonight.
Good luck on your salad adventure. Let me know how that goes this next week.
Salad adventure. That sounds terrible.
You'll do okay.
Hey, I find that some fast food places have really good salads.
But you need to try here locally.
Not that I'm endorsing something without getting paid for it, but I guess I am.
You need to try Jack's Urban Eats has the best salads because they put really good meat in the salad.
So it's worth trying for sure. Anyway.
We'll see.
Your final thought tonight.
Weezer's still too expensive.
Maybe you'll get a price drop for the holidays. You never know.
Yeah, I just kind of want Mario Maker. I don't know.
I hear you. I hear you.
I don't want to buy console for that, but we'll see.
Alright. And my final thought tonight is I really, really do not want to get food poisoning ever again in my entire life.
It's the worst. Gross. Etc.
At least I got to catch up on some video games, namely Heaven's Word.
Is there anything else I can still do in Final Fantasy XIV?
I guess there is. Time to go do it.
Have a great week everybody. We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
