Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie and Loki
Orange Lounge Radio
Satoru Iwata would have been about 24 years old when he programmed this game, Balloon Fight,
and although most people probably wrote it off at the time as a clone of Joust, which, well yeah, did have a lot of similarities,
it did bring some new ideas to the table.
Namely, the balloon trip mode, an endless side scroller, but with Joust-type mechanics.
It was difficult, but it was an awful lot of fun.
And I'm sure every gamer out there at some point has had their hands on a Kirby game,
and Satoru Iwata was a producer on the first game on the original Game Boy as well as the NES version that came shortly after that many people were familiar with.
The ability for Kirby to inhale enemies and copy their abilities in such an adorable way
made him a mascot for years and years until even today.
And of course to think that Mr. Iwata would have been in his mid-thirties, our age, when he was doing programming work on Mother 2,
which of course we all know as Earthbound here in the US.
This game was truly something different. It put away the swords and sorcery of the typical JRPG,
and replaced it with the things that could only be found in a child's imagination.
In 2002, Satoru Iwata took over as the president of Nintendo,
and what makes Mr. Iwata notable as an executive is that he didn't just swoop in from some other financial firm or company,
looking out to make top dollar for the company.
Satoru Iwata worked his way through various elements of game design.
That fun, originality, and things of a child's imagination are things that are better, and for worse,
Nintendo has been known for in the past decade throughout the Wii, the DS, the 3DS, and the Wii U.
As I'm sure many of you are aware before hearing this program tonight,
the gaming industry has lost one of the all-time greats,
as Satoru Iwata passed away this weekend due to a bile duct growth at the all-too-young age of 55.
Tonight we remember and we respect this man's legacy and his contributions to the gaming world,
which can never be forgotten.
It is Orange Launch Radio episode number 605 for this July the 12th of 2015.
I'm Rob Roberts. With me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi. And of course, Tech Master Loki here in the house as well.
Hello.
Hello. You know, part of the joy, quotey fingers, of doing live radio is that sometimes
there's news in the world out there that throws you for a loop a little bit,
and you have to plan for the unexpected, as they say.
I seem to recall this show was live, oh golly, it was several years ago at this point,
it was probably about six or seven years ago when the whole, and I apologize,
I don't know off the top of my head, but my head's spinning a little bit tonight,
when the Osama bin Laden news came through that he'd been captured,
and Obama did that whole press conference, that was right in the middle of our show,
and completely unexpected, and you know, live things happen.
So I know all of us here in the studio, as well as those of you in our chat room,
of course, live Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Blackwell show, and if you are listening live,
live.vognetwork.com.
I'm sure a lot of us are just reeling from this news, which is just, you know,
it's a surprise in many ways.
I mean, this really came out of nowhere to hear that, you know,
somebody who just was a major part of E3, with the whole Nintendo Direct,
and the whole Muppet thing, you know, all that stuff,
that was just a big part of that, has just passed away.
And obviously, you know, if you start to kind of look back over the past year,
he did miss E3 last year, because he had not been doing so well, he was sick,
and I don't think they said a lot, I think they might have said it was the bile duct at the time,
I don't recall in the moment what all they had or hadn't said about it,
but certainly hadn't been doing well then, we thought he had made a full recovery,
but, you know, unfortunately, clearly, that did not happen.
And it really just, it stings in a very familiar way,
because me personally, I'm really reminded in so many ways of Steve Jobs,
and I know some people might come after me for that comparison,
but I kind of think Steve Jobs was somebody else who was with this company,
that was on this huge upswing, very inventive,
and then, you know, he had the issues with pancreatic cancer,
which is, I mean, those two are neighbors,
and I can tell you, because when I was 29,
and you might remember when I was really sick and I missed the show for like a month,
I was going through issues that had to do with my bile duct and my pancreas,
and that shit is no joke, let me tell you.
And, you know, obviously that, we lost Steve Jobs to that,
and now we've lost another great tech, great, was Satoru Iwata to that,
it's just, I don't know what else to say about fuck cancer, certainly,
and God, I just, it's just really overwhelming in the moment to think about
the fact that, you know, this was a guy who created so many of these games
that we have so many memories around,
and like this show would not exist if it wasn't for some of this man's contributions
to the Nintendo Entertainment System, you know.
Yeah, I'm still reeling, I don't know about you guys, help me out here,
what are you guys thinking and processing right now?
Dark Sakura, how are you doing?
I can't.
Yeah, no, I know, it's a lot to process. Sudden.
Well, that, and I'm also coming from the tail end of personal deaths in my family, so.
Sure.
This is sort of like, I'm overloaded right now.
Oh no, I completely understand, I, yeah, Loki, how are you doing?
I'm fine, I just have a headache from my kids today.
From everything else that goes on in the world, yes, of course.
Yes, I've taken two rounds of ibuprofen and nothing to help me.
Oh no, as I said in the beginning of the show and on Twitter and all that stuff,
you know, the show must go on in light of all this news, we've, you know,
got still many things going on in the industry and so forth in the news.
I will tell you what my doctor told me.
If you've got a headache, take ibuprofen and Tylenol together.
Yeah, I used to have, like, a combo pill thing that was like that,
but see, I can't swallow pills, so the ibuprofen I have, I get this, like, dye-free ibuprofen.
It doesn't really taste like anything, so it's something I can actually chew up and swallow and it works,
because it's a double medicine and not, like, some liquid crap instead of taking, you know,
like, overdosing on children's Tylenol or something like that.
So it's just like, you know, eating chalk, but hey, it works.
But anyways, yeah, the long story short, I used to have one that was a combo with that and caffeine,
but it was some nasty stuff.
Yeah, but caffeine is great.
It's good if you can swallow it, but if you're, like, in my, where I have a terrible gag reflex,
I can't, I cannot, I want to, and it really bothers me, I can't, I cannot swallow pills.
And so, I just, that's the only way around it, is I got to chew and swallow that stuff,
and it's just, that was some nasty, nasty stuff.
But this stuff's not bad, I can deal with it.
Which is the kids.
Let me go to the chat room where obviously a lot of people are discussing, you know, what's,
what's, everybody's kind of reeling from the news and obviously there's a lot of comments in our chat room
over at live.vognetwork.com.
Raginator puts it quite succinctly by saying, fuck cancer in the eye socket, fair enough.
Breakman says, I don't know anyone whose life hasn't been affected directly or indirectly by cancer.
Pow in our chat room says, I see similarities. Innovative people gone too soon.
S2100matt says, like Jobs, he certainly changed the industry for the better.
He really brought about great innovation.
The thing is, Nintendo will carry on his legacy much like Apple did with Jobs.
His contributions will be reaching us for many years. He won't truly ever be gone.
True says, the memory of he and Shiggy printing Wii money will forever be remembered.
Certainly, you know, he's, he's, he's an executive that has many gifable moments out there
through some of those Nintendo directs.
And, you know, he's got his own trademarks, you know.
Who hasn't watched a Nintendo direct and done the whole, please understand, you know, the whole thing that he does, right?
You know, that, that's personality.
Well, yeah, exactly. It was nice to see, like, someone that actually would be that direct with their consumers
and just kind of, you know, they're out there.
I mean, how many presidents of companies do you actually get to see, you know, interact with a consumer on a pretty regular basis?
And speaking of, like, being that person, you know, I'm seeing a lot floating around Twitter right now,
which you can imagine is just, you know, a mess, an understandable mess over, over what's happening.
And one of the things that I was reminded of is that I think it was the year the 3DS first came out
and remember it didn't do so hot its first year and it took until the next year when they got, like, the Mario Kart and, you know, all the big games.
As you recall, the executives took a huge pay cut that year, including, you know, Iwata as the president of Nintendo at the time.
Yeah, he cut his in half.
He cut, they cut their salaries because of those problems, which, you know, you just don't see people doing in this day and age very often at all.
And that was a very kind of, like, I think humanizing thing in a way that, you know, certainly, certainly made them even more personable.
And Pao follows that up in chat saying he was an honest person.
How many presidents of big companies dropped their own salary?
I'm sure, I'm sure there has been others, but it's certainly not something you hear about an awful lot.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster says Iwata was a tough corporate leader who reached out to his fans.
He held the course, fought to keep Nintendo Nintendo, and wasn't afraid to have a little fun at the same time.
You know, Iwata, if I remember right, sorry guys, you know, I just found this out about 45 minutes ago, so I'm having to kind of do a lot of this from memory and off the cusp.
But Iwata, if I remember right, at some point a couple years ago actually took over Nintendo of America.
Because Reggie Fils-Aime is not, like, CEO of Nintendo America, or at least he wasn't at the time.
So I don't remember how the timing all worked out, but I do remember that it was Iwata's decision in many ways to basically bow out of E3 and not do the E3.
I mean, well, they do obviously the booth, but they don't do the E3 conferences anymore, they do the Nintendo Directs.
Which, you know, has led to a lot of this personality stuff we've been seeing out of Nintendo in the past couple years.
You know, that was a big decision that Iwata made when he was overseeing Nintendo of America as well.
SSJ100Matt in chat says he certainly kept fans tuned in with those Iwata Asks web and video updates. Absolutely.
I was going to talk a little bit about Comic-Con at the top of the show tonight, because that was going on this weekend.
We'll address some of that stuff later on, I'm sure.
But I thought we could take a moment here where we would usually do a kick-off topic to just talk about, like, how our lives have been impacted by Nintendo.
And things that Iwata has certainly influenced and touched and so forth.
And I'll start, since I'm not putting Jamie and Matt too much on the spot here.
But for me, for Nintendo, I mean, in some ways, video games and having that to turn to was so crucial, I think, especially in the fourth grade.
And I remember playing games like Balloon Fight and Zelda, which, you know, Iwata had a little bit of influence over still in those games.
Those were such a huge part of my childhood at that time, I just can't even imagine how I would be different if it wasn't for that.
Because I was that kid in the class that other kids would come to for the Nintendo secrets.
And, you know, how do I get to level 8 on the second quest of Legend of Zelda and things like that.
You know, that was something they would come to me for because I had that subscription to Nintendo Power.
You know, I was the game nerd from an even young age, kept in tune to that.
Because I loved the fact that video games kind of allowed you, in some indirect way, to have control of what was on the television.
And it wasn't just I'm watching a cartoon, it is I am being a cartoon, I am the cartoon, especially.
And I remember a very vivid memory I have of that is the first time I ever played Super Mario Brothers 2, specifically.
Because, you remember the graphics in that game, when we were that age and that game first came out, it was like, this is a fucking cartoon.
You know, and I realize, you go back in retrospect, we've had games that are plenty better looking since then.
But, at the time, Mario 2 is like, this is a cartoon. I am an interactive cartoon on the television, this is happening.
And so, you know, I've been following that from when I was like 9 or 10, following Nintendo closely.
And now, here we are, 20 some odd years later, doing this show where we're still talking about video games and being tapped into the game industry.
And all that is still a huge influence on my life.
And maybe there's other people that play into that, certainly, too. I mean, Sony, Nintendo, Sony and Microsoft, great companies as well.
But, you know, Nintendo is still there. Nintendo, from my childhood, is still going.
Atari, not the same company it used to be. Great memories with Atari, but they're not really what they used to be. Sega?
I think you're great memories with Activision, actually, on the Atari.
Well, not too far off, yeah. But, you know, Activision, not the same they used to be.
I mean, Destiny is a long way from Pitfall, let's just put it that way.
And then, you know, Sega was a big part of that same time, again.
And not to belittle the many things that Sega accomplished in that era, but it's not the same company it used to be.
Nintendo, still going after all this time. And not a lot of companies that were around in that time can really say that.
That they're still going strong today. I suppose Activision could, but, you know, it's just so different.
Where, like, Nintendo is like, Nintendo is still Nintendo, you know, for better or for worse.
And, yes, we've been critical of Nintendo on this show before. I'm not going to try to hide that just because of the news today.
But, I've also, and I've said this time and time again, is that when we're critical of something, it's usually because we care so much about it that it really bothers us when we see them making mistakes.
You know, that, like, I love you so much I could just scream. You know, that's how it is with Nintendo a lot of times.
So, anyway, that's for me. I'm getting to that rambling point.
Dark Sakura, what Nintendo memories do you have from growing up?
Well, I actually went and looked up the list because I always remembered the HAL Laboratories logo.
Oh, yeah.
With the puppies, you know.
And I was just looking through the list of HAL Laboratory games and just how many of them I've played.
And some of these were, keep in mind, some of them were ports as well.
So, they were responsible for the port of Joust on the Nintendo.
We had a port of Millipede, Othello, you know.
As far as the other ones, I mean, we had the Adventures of Lolo.
Oh, yeah. I remember that puzzler game, absolutely.
Yeah.
There was, like, three of them.
Kabuki Quantum Fighter.
I was just looking over the list of a bunch of stuff that was on here that were all things that, like, I had when I was a kid.
Still have a bunch of them, actually.
We actually had, of course, all of the Kirby games on the Super Nintendo.
For Nintendo 64, there was Pokémon Snap.
It was at HAL Laboratories.
Oh, that's right.
Yep. Pokémon Stadium.
There was, Super Smash Brothers was HAL Laboratories.
Yeah.
You know, so we wouldn't have had that without them.
By this point, this is where Iwata probably was moving in a little more to the Nintendo, but certainly his influence was still there.
This is definitely the company that he ran for a while.
He was at HAL Laboratories first.
Yeah.
So, just all kinds of stuff.
And we've heard those stories about where, like, he was high up and, wasn't it the original Smash Brothers where, I remember, was the original or the one on the GameCube or one of them?
He fucking jumped in there and started programming so they could meet a deadline.
Like, that's who he was.
Well, and if I do recall correctly, when the first Pokémon came out, or one of them, anyway, they could only fit, like, one of the regions on the cartridge and he went in and reprogrammed it to where they could fit two regions on there.
Yeah, somebody in chat had brought that up and I apologize, I didn't read that comment.
But yeah, it was brought up.
Oh, yeah.
Vogdammit.
Love that name in our chatroom.
It says, Iwata was the reason Kanto fit into Pokémon Gold and Silver.
Yeah, that was Pokémon Gold and Silver, that was it.
He also programmed, well, I mean, was behind, I think, one of my favorite ever pinball games, Revenge of the Gator.
Oh shit, that was a HAL game. Oh my god, that was like the Game Boy Link game when that came out. Oh my god.
Just looking through a few other ones on here, you know, going back a little bit further back into the older days, I mean, we had Kirby, Tilt, and Tumble.
And, let's see. And then, of course, there was, before it got turned into Mother 3, there was going to be Mother 64, or Earthbound 64, as it was.
So, all kinds of stuff.
Yeah.
And, on top of that, I mean, we've also got, there's a list of other games, other systems, sorry, that HAL Laboratories provided games for.
Like, Commodore 64 games, Mole Attack, Pinball Spectacular, Slalom, Bowling Jupiter Lander.
I think I played Slalom, I had no idea that HAL did work with Commodore 64.
Le Mans, Money Wars.
Oh my god, Le Mans was the first Commodore 64 game I ever owned.
Yep.
True. Wow.
For Cliccovision, Mr. Chin. For MSX, a ton of stuff. Like, the Eggerland games, there were also Famicom Disk games.
Huh.
The Golf Force games after the anime from the 80s. Inspector Z, Pachi Pro Densetsu, Rollerball, Space Maze Attack.
Let's see what else. For MSX2, there were a few other games, and a couple of Windows games, which were mostly the Eggerland games. So, yeah.
Looking at chat, because a lot of folks sharing memories in our chat room, and then I'll get over to Loki.
Sjoan Hunter Matt says, I have many vivid memories from playing Nintendo. We had a very close friend of the family that passed when I was very young.
I have very few memories of him left, but the ones that I do have are of me and him playing Nintendo.
Dark Tetsuya said, yeah, my uncle passed away last year, and NES Zelda was the first big game him and I played together.
So Nintendo's been a big part of my life ever since then.
True says, getting my NES on Christmas Day 25 years ago and playing it with my family is a big memory of mine.
Loki?
I don't know. I've owned Nintendo consoles ever since the NES, all through the Wii.
But, yeah, I remember my first NES was back in 1987, I think.
I remember all my friends had one, but I didn't have one yet.
So we would always go over to their house and play games and stuff.
And then one day, I don't even remember, there was no occasion to it other than just one day,
my dad had set it up in my room or something like that, and Zelda was running it on.
I was like, oh, sweet! So it was like Zelda, and it was like Bubble Bubble and Breakthrough.
It was like three random games. I'm sure they got it used somewhere or something.
But that's what they bought it on. Which is funny, because my dad, he says he's not a gamer yet.
He had a ColecoVision with like 70-some games, so yeah, that doesn't really jive with what you're saying there.
Could just be a collector.
No, no. He used to play them too. I mean, come on.
So yeah, I've had pretty much everything, except for the Game Boy. I never really got into the Game Boy, I don't know.
But I had everything else.
I don't know. I mean, as far as actual HAL games, I can't remember. I mean, I remember playing Adventures of Lolo.
I just don't remember exactly which games they did that I would have played. I played pretty much everything.
I mean, we used to go rent shit all the time. That was what you did. So I probably played a little bit of everything.
I don't know. But definitely, yeah. I mean, it probably got me into games a lot more than I was originally.
Definitely had the interest of games ever since my childhood, and I'm sure Nintendo only helped with that since I've been playing their games for most of my life.
So yeah, I can definitely see they have a big influence.
I'm just thumbing through Twitter here, which sometimes a little bit of the whole groupthink and unverified things take over on Twitter a little bit.
But some of the things that are jumping out at me that I think are worth repeating. There's a quote here attributed to Iwata.
On my business card, I am a corporate president. In my mind, I am a game developer. But in my heart, I am a gamer.
Which certainly would speak to a lot of the ways that he conducted himself and made decisions.
Another user, and I'm not reading who said that. I'm just reading my personal timeline right now, so I don't want to call out people.
But I'm seeing these tweets that Satoru Iwata's last public message was an apology to everyone who was let down by Nintendo's E3 digital event.
I can't. I can't.
Another tweet about the pay cut thing. The fact that his last essentially big game is going to be Mario Maker.
He's leaving with Mario Maker. We can create our own games and make our own dreams come true like he did.
That's a really powerful footnote there. The fact that Mario Maker, it's like now we created these games and now you're going to create these games.
Nintendo. Certainly, the type of gaming that we have in Mario Maker, we've seen that.
Not even just a little big planet, but since the Commodore 64 was brought up, we had pinball construction set.
Game making has always been some type of category of games, but the fact that it is Nintendo and this type of a franchise that people are going to be able to have a canvas and go crazy with.
People in Little Big Planet just want to make Mario games anyways.
Isn't that the truth? Isn't that the truth? Because we always have the stories about World 1-1 is the big thing that is made.
Anyway, also coming through the wire, we're hearing that Miyamoto, and I don't have this verified yet, but I wouldn't doubt it.
Shigeru Miyamoto has been named the temporary president while I assume a long-term plan is figured out.
And someone get that guy a checkup because we can't...
Put him in a bubble. These people must be protected and treasured.
Give that guy some Vitamin C or something.
Well, as much as we might be saying this a little bit tongue-in-cheek, Miyamoto's been working very hard already.
Because when the Wii U's been struggling a little bit, who did they turn to to come up with ideas on how this gamepad is going to really work with this system?
That's all been Miyamoto. So you know that guy's been working overtime as it is.
And now the fact that he's going to get called on to essentially run the company for a few months while they figure out what they're going to do, that guy's not going to get any sleep for a while.
And I'm sure him and Iwata were very, very close. Again, I'm sure it's not to keep going back to Apple, but it's something that's very fresh in my mind.
I know Tim Cook and Steve Jobs were close too, and Steve said as he was passing, I want Tim to take over the company.
Yeah, well it sounds to me that I'm sure they probably have had a contingency plan in place. I mean, I'm sure this isn't sudden news for them.
They probably knew about it, it just wasn't something that they were sharing with the world.
Some other comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Pao says, even Hideki Kamiya took a break from fighting trolls on social media and tweeted, in my heart, forever.
Which is interesting because we have a story on that. It's coming up a little later in the show.
Tigerclaw says, you think Reggie could be promoted to president for Nintendo?
DungeonBuster says, as cool as Reggie is, probably not.
Yeah, I don't see Reggie taking over the entire Nintendo, especially with Nintendo being a Japanese company.
I just kind of think they're going to probably end up promoting from the Japanese end of things.
But I wouldn't be surprised at all if Reggie is given more and more responsibilities over the American arm of things, if he wants that.
Or there might be some other people too. There's probably some other executives yet to come from this whole thing.
So, gosh, I don't even know what else to say.
It's surprising, but I'm having this moment of, just candidly, since we are live and I tend to talk as I think when we're live.
I'm just having this moment of like, holy shit, we're all getting older because here's the people that created the games we played as kids getting older.
And God, Iwata wasn't even really that old. 55 is not old, I'm sorry.
He should have been able to retire and travel around the world on a yacht when he was 65.
We have stories every month, it seems, about some great who has passed on. It's just a lot to handle.
And I'm thinking about, speaking of like, gaming's greats and so forth.
You know, next weekend here in California, Dark Soccer and I were talking earlier this week about California Extreme is happening this weekend.
Which is a great kind of way to celebrate the arcade, the past, and gaming.
And they get, because it's in the Bay Area, they get a lot of people from the Bay that used to be involved.
Like, I know they've got, what, the Qbert creator is supposed to be there, some of the pinball dudes, right?
A lot of folks are going to be there, but I can't help but think, you know, this news is going to have a big cloud over that in a way, I think.
As would be expected, so...
Anyway, let's see, going to chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Zappi is saying that the press release says that Miyamoto and Genyo Takeda, who's the general manager of Nintendo and co-creator of Punch Out,
so another one that came up from the early days, are actually running the company currently.
So it sounds like there's more than one, so that's good.
And it's pretty possible that they've already been running the company for a while now.
If Iwata hadn't just been in that E3 Direct, I would almost...
Again, I think that's where this is different from the Steve Jobs situation, because Steve Jobs, he was out on medical leave for like two years at one point while Tim Cook was running the company.
But unfortunately, and I've seen another tweet on my timeline about how does it feel to be a Miyamoto and get that call that's like, this just happened, you know?
And I think in some ways, though, they were probably a little more prepared for this than the rest of us were.
I mean, there's also the fact that he died yesterday on the 11th, and we're just hearing about it now as it's turning into Monday morning in Japan.
So there's time to process news and figure out.
So if they had an inkling that something was very, very, very wrong with Iwata and that his bile duct issues were coming back,
they have to do what they have to do and set that plan B that's now going into motion right now.
So I'm sure they were thinking about this stuff a couple weeks ago, as difficult as it is to talk about.
Anyhow, the show goes on. There's a lot going on in the gaming world.
I want to make sure we cover the rest of what's going on in gaming news this week.
But certainly with that news having broke just an hour before we went live tonight, we have to, have to say something about it.
I'm sure there's going to be much more to come in this week.
You know, as people rightfully so everywhere will be doing their tributes to Iwata.
And I would even fully expect you'll see something from Sony and Microsoft even.
I mean, because they're not, I mean, what's the way to phrase this?
They're all business friendly people.
You see Sony congratulating Microsoft and Microsoft, you know, you see all those tweets and things, you know, there's that friendly business.
Nintendo's been around as far as in the gaming industry, been around a lot longer than Sony and Nintendo,
and a lot of them have to kind of attribute some of them being in that industry because of Nintendo.
We just visited last week a piece of gaming history where Sony and Nintendo were getting into it together at a point, right?
It was just dug up out of the trash this week.
So anyway, it's going to be, it's going to be a very somber week with a lot of memorial and I just paying tribute, I'm sure.
Anyhow, we're going to keep on, we put the show together usually in the afternoons on Sundays about two, three o'clock.
We usually know what we're going to be talking about for the day.
Just a fun little behind the scenes fact about the time you see the Fugu question of the week go up.
That means we're currently positioning, you know, what stories we're going to talk about tonight, what's going to go where.
So we're going to move forward with everything that we had planned to talk about tonight.
But certainly I'm sure a lot more of you want to talk about this.
We will open the Skype line later.
1877 Game OLR username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
I'm going to continue to read comments throughout chat and so forth.
But for now, we will move on with what's going on in the gaming world.
We always start off each show with how is your gaming week?
So let's talk about the video games that you've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, you told me before the show you've had a pretty, pretty fruitful gaming week, right?
Yes. We went to Coin Op last night, which is a classic arcade and bar.
I haven't been there yet.
It's my second time going. It was pretty fun.
Those are making a resurgence all over. It seems like a lot of big towns are getting those.
Well, this is the place that used to be Maryland's downtown.
So for Sacramento folks, they know where it is.
Anyway, one of Dan's friends owns most of the machines there.
So he was actually there shopping out the Wizard of Oz pinball table that they have there.
I played SVC Chaos, which now I remember why I don't play SVC Chaos because it's not very good of a game.
I played Marvel vs. Capcom. Dan was playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
I played some Final Fight. I played something else.
I actually played Theater of Magic. They have a Theater of Magic there.
Oh, get out. I love that table.
They have a six-player X-Men.
Nice. We need to go on a date.
Yay, date. They had a drink there that was amazing.
We'll bring Loki. It'll be a triple date if we can get Loki away from everything else.
They had a drink there called the 91 Unleaded that's basically coffee, like cold brew coffee, cinnamon, rum, and walnut bitters.
It was pretty bitter. It was great. I liked it.
Anyway, they also have the shot called the Cold War Kid that's actually pretty good too.
And then they had Giant Jenga, which I recorded the last ten minutes of it and I might be convinced to put it up on my Facebook.
Wait, what's Giant Jenga?
It's basically Jenga made out of big bricks, so it's like, yay tall.
But it's on a stand.
It's an arcade game?
No, no, no, no. It's Jenga.
Oh, okay. They just have board games that you can play there too?
They have three different sets of Giant Jenga.
Oh, okay.
And then they were playing Kinect 4 outside.
I was confused. I thought like Jenga was like some weird- I'm like, how do people not steal the pieces?
So they have like a ladder or something that you go on?
No, it doesn't get that high. Like maybe it was like my height and I'm 5'2". And it's on a table.
Okay.
A little table.
Okay.
That's like a perfect stand to play.
How big are these pieces?
Oh, that's not that big.
I need to-
I was like thinking like the size of his coffee table or something like that.
Where can you buy Giant Jenga? Because you know Jenga became a huge inside joke at the last GamerX?
Yeah.
With some of the other podcast buddies of mine. So I need to find Giant Jenga and bring it to the next one.
I think that these were basically just custom-made blocks.
Oh, okay. Interesting.
Yeah. Because I mean really if you've got the dimensions of regular Jenga blocks, it's not too hard.
Times two. Times two.
Well, it's funny because YYR in chat says Giant Jenga is literally just Jenga with an eight times mod on the block.
Pretty much.
Pretty much. That's about accurate.
We're just going to scale it to 400 percent.
But it was pretty, pretty fun.
Nice.
And then I've played Final Fantasy XIV because thanks to Shane, we just said fuck it on getting all the tomes for my gear.
And we just bought gear because I happened to check my bank and I had like 400,000 gold or gil or whatever.
So I'm like shopping trip.
And so now I'm back on story progression, which actually is funny.
My gear is better than the gear I'm getting through story.
Oh, good.
It's funny you get like the rainbow robes of casting and everything.
It's got goth black.
It's like it's kind of like I look like the goth clown girl.
It's rainbow on the inside.
It's dark like my soul.
I've played Dragon Age Inquisition a little bit because for everyone who mods their PC version, update eight borks all the mods.
But there is something out there on the DAI modder Tumblr on how to roll back to version seven where all your mods will work.
So they're working on going ahead and trying to get the mods working for version eight for when the next DLC comes out.
I also am playing Dragon Age Origins again, which I hadn't played it since a long time ago, I think.
And this time I'm actually going for one of the playthroughs that I didn't do before.
And it's I have lots of mods in there, but I have like this one mod in there and I can't figure out which one it is.
But it basically removes all some of the women's hair.
And when you get a back view of them, you can see their eyeballs floating in the back of their head.
And it's just really creepy.
And then some people have like plastic skin looking from one of my mods going wrong.
I can't figure out what the hell which mod it is because I tried to do one and then all of a sudden my character didn't have any hair.
Clearly the Joan Rivers mod.
Yeah.
But at any rate, that's what I have been. Oh, yeah.
And we got Puyo Puyo Tetris.
And I had to re-teach myself how to read very stylized Japanese again.
And Dan kept going to this one. He's like, this has got to be versus. It looks like versus.
Dan, it says Hitori. That means alone. One person.
So we finally figured out how to get like, because you have like a versus computer mode.
Like you have you have adventure mode. Then you have versus the versus computer is Hitori mode.
And then you've got like two player mode. So it sucks if you're playing the Tetris pieces.
You need to bring that over. I want to check it out.
Sounds cute. It's pretty fun. It's so funny you're yawning because break man in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Did Jamie have time to do anything else this week? Has she had time for sleep?
And you've just yawned. Maybe not.
I've been really tired anyway just because I've had a lot between work and everything.
You know, I actually the sad thing is that I am behind on my writing.
So I need to buckle down and spend a couple of lunch breaks on my story.
So gotcha. Yeah. All right. Let's move over to Loki. How was your gaming week this week?
I worked on my games and I say games because I was working on trying to prototype something so that I could do a game jam this coming weekend.
But they ain't going to happen. The reason it's not going to happen is because I can't mentally focus myself long enough with all the you know,
trying to dodge kids and stuff for 72 hour game jam that takes place on the weekend.
There's no goddamn way I'm going to be able to crank out a game in like 10 hours.
That's just not going to happen. So I'm still going to probably work on whatever that prototype was.
I mean, it's a neat idea. It's a cross between like Mega Man and Mickey Fighters, if you remember that.
So basically it's a 2D shmup game where when you blow up enemies, they kind of crash down out of the sky and then they stick to you.
And then when you're firing, they fire their bullets as well.
And it just eventually you become this giant mass of bullets and shit that you're fighting other things with.
But along with that, you'll be able to kind of like absorb the enemies into like do like charge up a meter to do different special attacks and stuff.
So that was kind of what I did. And I've got like, I've got the 2D portion, like the jumping and moving stuff done.
I just was trying to finish the rest of it, but you know, whatever.
But yeah, I got to go back to work on my game. I was just kind of mixing up a bit.
See, the reason why is I was trying to, I would have had more time to work on that prototype, but I was trying to get Unity 5 to work.
Unity 5 has this weird bug on my computer for whatever reason that whenever I click on something to change the color of a texture, it crashes.
And it pissed me off and I just spent way too long trying to fix that.
Alright, so aside from programming stuff, I actually did play games.
I played through almost the entire game of Portal Stories MEL and it was pretty good. I like it.
It is a little frustrating at the end because the last boss battle that you have to do involves you carrying a Portal turret around and, or the Sentry turrets around and shooting stuff with it.
And you know from carrying stuff around in Portal that if you bang stuff against the wall or something like that, it's hard to navigate while holding something in your hand.
And with the turrets, if you bang them against something, they fall out of your hands and when they tip over, they die. So it's really frustrating.
And so I played through like the boss part three times. I know what I have to do. It's just that navigating around all this shit that's falling on the ground, you know, my turret clips on a chair or something and all of a sudden it's popped out of my hand.
Or I set it down and it tips over because there's momentum from something. So it's really annoying.
But the game was fun. I recommend checking it out and playing it. It's free if you have Portal 2, so go download it.
The other game I played was Ether One and this is a PlayStation 4 and PC game. I think it was free on PlayStation Plus either this month or last month, relatively recently.
And it's an interesting storyline. Once again, it's kind of a little bit like, sort of like Portal but not. I guess it's like a first person puzzle game, if that makes sense.
And then so you're kind of, the premise is you're this scientist who's kind of in this machine. Think of it like The Matrix or something like that.
You sit in this machine, you kind of go into someone else's memories. Maybe like The Cell. Remember that old 90s movie, The Cell?
So, like The Cell, and you're going into this woman's memories to try to cure her dementia. And the way you do that is by kind of unlocking memories that she kind of has hidden away.
You know, that she is blocked out because of traumatic events. And so you're trying to restore these memories by kind of going through all of her memories and just discovering, you know, secrets about her and stuff like that.
And it's really trippy. It's a pretty fun game. A little bit confusing. It's like what to do in some of the puzzles sometimes. There's a lot to retain.
But it's kind of cool as you pick up objects and you can kind of storm in your inventory, like this hub world thing. And I know there's going to be some sort of twist into this.
The thing that really bugged me though, it's Unreal 4 but the popping is really terrible. Like stuff pops in about 10 feet in front of you. Just like accessory stuff that's on the ground.
But that wasn't so bad. I mean, I was able to overlook that. However, there is a really bad save bug. And so my game crashed. My game crashed. And now when I go to reload that save, it doesn't work.
However, I've been reading up on it and apparently it could work, but it may take like five minutes to load your save game. So like, I'm like, ah, you know, I was really getting into the game too.
And like, see the thing was I finished the second or third level in it and I was like, okay, I want to go back to the second level and I want to make sure I 100% everything. I wanted to get all this like side stuff.
And so when I went to go, you know, transport myself there, it crashed. I was like, seriously? Because I was really getting into it and then it just crashed. And it's like, okay, well now you've just soured it for me.
But I don't know. I just wish they would test this stuff a little bit more. You would think that this would be something that they would be able to pick up on. But yeah, definitely worth checking out though.
Yeah, there is that save bug thing. So just make backups of your saves. Just try to, you know, back yourself up.
I try to do that on RPGs anyway, because I'm always afraid I'm going to do like some, some fuck up where I irreversibly can't go back. It's like anytime I start a dungeon or something, I make like a second save. I do that anyway. It's just a weird OCD habit I have.
But yeah, definitely if you, if you try that game, cause there are, I guess they're going to patch it, but um, you know, in the meantime, just go check it out. It's free if you have PlayStation plus.
So it was literally one of those things. Like I was looking at my library of games like, I don't know what this is. I'm like, I'm just going to play it. I'm just going to see what it is.
And then I went into it. I'm like, cause it was funny when my son was watching, I'm like, I'm going to download this. This is the boring lighthouse game. Cause that's what the icon is just of a lighthouse and you click on it and stuff.
And I'm like, okay, I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm going to try it out. And I got really into it. I mean, box art can be deceiving. Exactly. Well, back in the day, there's something about that lighthouse.
There's some secret about the layouts cause there's a light, you know, how are we going to have a bio shock thing? You know, there's something with the lighthouse here. Is this, is this another realm of bio shock?
Another dimension. Some comments from our chat. Akuma JP says, sounds like stalker, the game Tron edition. Dungeon Buster says, whoa, stalker and Tron in the same game. Maybe I should try that.
It's, it's really, it's seriously, it's a pretty good game. I would definitely check it out. And it's PlayStation plus. There's really no reason not to. Exactly. It's a little creepy. Like there's like, especially when you're going into the memory stuff, like there's one part cause I think the woman that you're in the memories of kind of knows that you're in there.
Is it a scary game or no? It's not scary at all. Okay. It's just like, there's no, is it like psychologically unsettling at all? You know how some scares can be very disturbing?
There's nothing violent or anything. It's just a puzzle game. Oh, I think those are the best though. Like, if you can be scary without having to resort to gore, I think that is like, well, yeah, it's not, not like scary.
Like it's not supposed to be a horror game or anything. It's, but like there's one part, like the first level you go to is like in a mine and you find out that there's this tragedy where like everybody died and you're kind of trying to figure out why.
And, and I, and like I said, I've been kind of skimming a lot cause there's a ton of shit, like all these notes that people leave that you can read. And like, I just, I couldn't come, you know, comprehend all of it.
This sounds like something Jamie should be on. I don't know. I feel like this is a Jamie game. Crazy person or something basically is cutting all their, their, um, ventilation pipes and basically flooded it full of something.
Jamie, you did that last week. Jamie, you like fucked up things. I think I'm just messing with you, but no, you know, like you like, like the five nights of Freddy's and all those like, you know, kind of psychological scare type of game.
But it's like on someone I'll in like Britain or something like that. And it also sounds like the ring a little bit cause didn't the ring again. It there's like someone, it's like some aisle in like Britain or something.
I'm not really sure what it is because I don't go at it to make you have stuff. Haven't played yet because I mean apparently Alexander Graham Bell plays a part of it, so I'm not really sure what that's all about, but you know, I don't know.
All right. Um, check it out though. It's, it's free. If you have PlayStation Plus, hopefully you're like me, you just download everything or market to download because that's what I do. Um, so definitely worth checking out.
All right. Breakman says this game comes with a small bag of LSD. Uh, okay.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange on radio at vog network.com use the passphrase mother.
So my gaming week, I'll keep it short because honestly, pretty much all of my gaming time honestly has been on final fantasy 14 heavens word.
I know again 14, but that's how MMOs are, but I really buckled down and pushed myself to finish the story this week.
So I got my astrology and all the way to level 60 and finish the story. Like got the credits in the story.
Obviously I will not spoil anything. I'm not going to be a jerk. I'm just going to say that I was really, really impressed with some of the cinematics in the final chapter of the game.
I don't know how else to say minute, but probably the final chapter of that expansion. I was, I was very impressed. One scene in particular, I'm trying to think how to describe this for people that have seen it, but without being spoilery.
I will say it is when you are taking your airship to the new zone for the first time. That's that spoiler free, right?
Uh, so that scene, I was like just the art direction in that scene, the way it was presented. I mean, and just an Epic moment in the game.
I like it was a jaw hit floor kind of moment. I was like, Holy shit, this game is on fire. And like, it's not, it's not anything I've experienced in an MMO.
And I went on a whole little Twitter rant after that. Um, and I was just like, you guys, and I, I do believe this and I know a lot of you think I'm a fan boy for Final Fantasy 14.
And well, yeah, I guess I probably am, but I think for good reason, because I really think this is the strongest Final Fantasy game since six. I think it's that good.
I mean, I know MMOs are a weird place and it's got the monthly fee and yada yada, but if you can tolerate all that, I think that the story really is just the way it weaves everything in Final Fantasy lore together.
Like there's, again, I don't want to spoil, but there's references that throw back to old Final Fantasy games that will like have you like flappy hands, like, you know, like maybe not for Loki, but maybe for me, definitely like,
I just, I couldn't get into the Lord 14. That was one of the problems.
Well, it wasn't, well, 1.0 was garbage anyway.
It wasn't 1.0 was during the beta. I still can't, like it's just too much to follow.
I'm not, I'm not going to lie. You have to be able to get up to about level 35 before it starts getting really good. And you know, for, for better or for worse, you know, that is one of the drawbacks.
If you can tolerate it that long, um, I think you get rewarded, but I understand, you know, it's still an MMO, which is going to turn some people off at the end of the day, but I just wow the story.
To be fair, I couldn't get into the lore in 11 either, but you know, at least it was fun.
11 was really hard.
Yeah. So, uh, some folks in chat yelling at me, Brakeman says, there's an airship in the game. You've spoiled it for me. And Brakeman says, an airship in a Final Fantasy game? How dare they?
And guess what? There's a CID too.
And you know what? There's a chocobo.
So there's always a CID, there's always a chocobo and there's always an airship.
And my favorite people, the little shits.
Is that, is that Lalafell translated?
No, that's the cabbage people. The, the silfs.
Oh, the silfs.
As I call them, the little shits.
Yes, yes. Love it.
And then the desert lizard hobos.
Anyway, well you, you're just going to be surprised at how much stuff you're going to be like, that, oh my God, that's a, that's, I saw that in Final Fantasy.
You know, there's just a lot of that. Anyway, uh, that's it. I'll stop fangirling and all that.
Um, but I will say, uh, it also played a little bit of Forza Horizon 2 on Xbox One.
Cause you know, that's kind of been still, still needing to get my use out of that new toy.
So I justify that by trying to check in with that once in a while.
Um, and that flash sales, what do they call it on Microsoft's deal of the week?
I don't know what the hell it's called, but they got a ton of games discounted right now.
So I was picking up Ori and the Blind Forest cause I've had that game recommended to me by multiple people.
And there was another one I was going to pick up too.
Did you get Sunset Overdrive?
I don't think that one's on sale.
It's by use. I'm sure it's probably cheap by now.
Probably. I do want to get it. I do. I do want to get that.
But anyway, now that I finally beat Heavensward, cause like seriously, that took a lot of hours.
So is there like, is there much of like an end game after that?
Well, um, quickly, I will say there are some dungeons still that you run to get better, improved gear.
And then they just opened up last week. So about two weeks after the expansion went live,
they opened up the first raid called Alexander, which is the raid.
Which is also, you might recognize that name from Final Fantasy lore, but they've made it so that,
and this isn't really a spoiler cause it's publicly on the Final Fantasy site,
but Alexander is basically a giant fucking robot that you go inside.
And so that's the raid. So the raid just opened up.
So for a lot of the end game people, you have that.
If you're not into that, they have the EX Primals is what they call right now.
You can fight those, Bismarck and Ravana.
And then I think the way Final Fantasy usually patches, you'll probably see 3.1, probably in October.
And that'll probably bring more story and more dungeons.
What, no Ultima weapon or another weapon?
That wasn't, Ultima weapon was 2.0, Loki. Catch up.
Ultima weapon's been done. We're done with that.
I'm sorry. It's the Ultima weapon. It's supposed to be the strongest thing in the game.
I would have thought they would have saved that, you know, or made it more powerful.
If you're able to defeat it at the beginning of the game, I mean, like that's kind of lame.
By the way, Rob, I need you to fight Ultras with me now.
I love that fight. I can. Cause it actually plays the Final Fantasy 6 battle music.
Cause I want to do the chicken thing.
It's fun.
The chicken thing was Gilgamesh, which I've done.
But I want to do the, I want to do the Ultras battle now.
Cause I can do it.
Alright, we got to move on with more show, but yes, certainly.
Let's see, going to a chat room. Dungeon Buster says, or sorry, AkumaJP says Ultima is so last gen.
YYR says it's all about Ultima 360 now.
And then YYR says Sunset Overdrive is on sale on Amazon right now for 40 bucks.
Oh no, 30 bucks? 30 bucks?
Eh, that's still too expensive.
Nah.
$19.99.
I expect that'll be the normal price soon. Wow, okay. I didn't know that. I'll have to go check that out.
I bet it's cheaper used.
Alright, we'll see, we'll see.
Alright, let's get into the other things that have been going on in gaming this week.
Oh, quick housekeeping.
I don't have a lot except for the fact that I have booked travel to Dragon Con.
And I know Bobby's going to. Travis Donovan.
I think Jon from Critical Myth is there this year too.
I can't remember who all from the network is 100% confirmed for Dragon Con.
I don't have anything to say about panels or anything like that yet.
We don't know.
But we'll be there and we'll be supporting all of that.
So if you're going to be in the Atlanta area Labor Day weekend, come on down to Dragon Con.
I love that show.
We're going to have a great time.
Oh, I can say this.
I will be doing my first major cosplay at Dragon Con.
I will.
I'm going to be doing serious cosplay.
Which, you know, I have, I've done like a little bit.
Like Ron Malone me a costume one time, but I don't, like that was different.
This is like, no, I'm doing this me.
It's going to be my costume, except I will say this disclaimer.
I am paying a girl locally to do it.
She's a, but I think I kind of feel like that's, it's not like I'm going to Party City and buying a costume in a bag.
Like, you know, she's a hardworking, independent, seamstress type of thing.
She did a lot of the costumes for Rocky Horror.
They're between shows right now, so she could use the extra funds.
So I was like, okay, hey, come on.
I got an idea for you.
I really want to do this cosplay, but I'm not, I don't know how to sew.
Or if I did, it would look like a damn mess.
Well, I appreciate you biting the bullet and dressing up as Tingle this year, so.
Maybe, maybe. I didn't say what I'm doing.
So maybe, you never know.
I don't know.
Dark Sakura, is that, am I violating cosplay rules if I, if I pay somebody else to do it?
No.
Okay, just making sure.
I paid somebody else to sew mine.
Okay, good.
I made, now, however, I made all my props, styled my wig, and made, yeah, I actually did make all my props and style my wig.
It's just, I can't sew for beans.
Yeah.
And the one that I actually sewed from beginning to end, I had Evan helping me.
Well, I'm going to take care of the camo pants.
Oh, don't want to say too much.
I knew it.
All right.
I knew it.
Well, combat Tingle will be very interesting.
So would it be that I've contributed to this costume?
Yes, you have.
Uh-huh.
All right.
So Fifth Dream in chat says, honestly, if you can't figure it out by the time Dragon Con rolls around, I can't help you.
Like, I just can't.
Anyway, why, uh, sorry.
Fifth Dream in chat says, paying a girl locally to do it.
This is prostitution, Rob.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
It's prostitution.
Yeah, prostitution.
It's puns.
That's why my wife loves me.
Only, that's why we all love you, Loki.
Maybe not in the same way your wife does, but only you can get us all to laugh on a week that's been kind of difficult.
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news.
There's been a lot of other stuff going on in the week leading up to the show.
I brought up the whole Dragon Con thing because we will not be here live Labor Day weekend.
That was the whole reason I brought that up.
We will not be here live Labor Day weekend, which is September, fuck, I forgot the day.
I think it's like September 8th because it's kind of late in the year this year.
Anyway, we won't be here that week.
Loki, let's get into some news.
Alright, so of course, as everyone is well aware, the PC version of Batman Arkham Knight has been pulled.
And Warner Brothers basically apologizing and committing themselves to quality.
Basically, they're going back and looking at what they can do better to help make sure that this type of thing doesn't happen again.
And they're quoted as saying, again, we would like to apologize to the fans and let you know they were taking full responsibility for releasing a product that did not meet our quality standards.
Which is why we suspended sales of the game.
As soon as we understood the issues, we can assure you that because of this latest launch, we are modifying the internal review process for all of our games.
For those who are waiting for the updated version of the game on PC, please know that we are working on this every day.
For the players who are continuing to play Batman Arkham Knight on PC, fixes are continually being made to the game.
And we await your final, as we wait for the final updated version.
And basically they're saying, you know, this is going to be coming out probably in the fall.
With that, our continued focus on getting the right PC fixes in place for the main game has had an impact on the development of all DLC content for the PC version of the game.
This means Batman Arkham Knight Batgirl, a matter of family DLC, will not be available on July 14th for those who are currently playing the PC version of the game.
We apologize for the delay and only want to make sure that any content we offer is up to the standards that PC players expect.
And they're saying Batman Arkham Knight will be available on SteamOS, Linux, and Mac in fall of 2015 as well.
Huh. So, do you think at this point anybody's going to care by the time they fix it?
You know, I think a lot of people probably won't care, and I'm sure some people still want to play it, but a lot of people by that time, there's going to be a lot of other games that have come out.
Maybe we'll just kind of put Batman Arkham Knight on the back burner until a game of the year version comes out.
Yeah.
I can see that happening.
Or, you know, by the time that it comes out, maybe a Steam sale and get that dirt cheap or something.
I just think that, and it's fine, you know, so their sales suffer a little bit, it's a good lesson to learn then.
Maybe they won't try this shit again, you know, so I'm hoping that it does set a good example.
And it sounds like that they're taking the right precautions.
They're at least saying stuff like that they're taking the right precautions.
So, let's hope that this is something that they actually learned a lesson from, and we don't see a repeat of this in the future.
Then again, there are some companies that say this kind of shit all the time, and the next release that comes out is the same old shit again, so we'll see.
Alright, we'll see. Are we all going to be quick to forgive WB Games, or do you think PC owners will...
Oh, I don't think we should be quick to forgive them. I mean, let them prove themselves.
Why should we forgive them for this shit?
It's good that they did what they should have been doing, and being responsible and saying, ah, it was crap, we shouldn't have released it, but you did.
You chose to release it, you knew the state it was in, you just took a gamble on it, and unfortunately people, you know, didn't like it.
And now they have a way to get their money back.
Make it worth the wait, right?
Exactly.
Alright, well, Dragon Quest, you know, Dragon Quest, they're getting those localized versions of 7 and 8, I'm sorry, they're not localized, that's a problem.
They're getting the versions of 7 and 8 over in Japan, but they're not being localized over here, at least not yet.
And many people are asking for that to happen.
Well, that could all hinge on the success of Dragon Quest Heroes.
That's right, the executive producer Yumiaki was interviewed this week and mentioned that if sales for Dragon Quest Heroes actually meet expectations, then they will be more confident in releasing more Dragon Quest titles in North America.
This is on the heels of when Dragon Quest producer Yuji Horii said that the Nintendo 3DS Dragon Quest titles are coming to France.
So, certainly, you know, that means it's being moved to at least another title.
Further comments from Yumiaki who says, we want to get them out here, we really do.
The Dragon Quest games are very text-heavy, so the time and the cost it takes to localize these and do well is quite something.
Business-wise, we have to think quite hard whether we'll make that money back from localizing to North America.
It's always been a difficult decision, but the more you tell us, the louder the voices, the more likely we are to do it.
Uh-oh, when he says the louder the voices, he's just inviting people to do a change.org petition, people.
That's what he wants. Go now.
I'm...
Well, you alright?
No, it's just stupid. I mean, I understand the point, but I've heard this before.
Hello, Konami. Let's support your games that come out, even if they weren't that great, because we want more Dance Dance Revolution games out.
And in the end, they'll decide whether they want to fucking do it or not, regardless of sales.
It could meet its expectations, but, oh, it only met our expectations. It didn't sell great.
I mean, it just sold what we thought it would sell.
You know what'll end up happening is if they just do something like this, that they'll just make it GameStop exclusive or something like that.
And, you know, it just won't come out every, you know, there'll be limited channels you can purchase that at.
I don't know. I just don't think that's gonna matter that much. But, hey, you know what? Maybe Heroes is gonna be a good game? Check it out.
Yeah, I'll probably still check the game out anyway, because I just like a lot of Dragon Quest games anyway.
Well, Heroes is supposed to be a little bit different, though, because it's like...
Yeah, I know it's not gonna be like the others, but, you know, neither was Type 0. So, anyway.
Now, speaking of Dragon Quest games that are very different.
In Famitsu magazine, which obviously is huge over in Japan, Square Enix did a new announcement in Famitsu that there is a new Dragon Quest game coming for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and Vita.
It's called Dragon Quest Builders. Now, here's the thing. You look at these screenshots of Dragon Quest Builders, that's fucking Minecraft with Dragon Quest characters.
So, and it's called Builders. That's all we know. We don't know anything else at this time.
It wouldn't be really surprising, though, considering, you know, everybody wants a piece of Minecraft in one way or the other.
We're seeing, you know, the LEGO game has the whole EverQuest has gone towards a Minecraft-esque sort of direction.
So, I'm not totally surprised to see this. And I don't mind, as long as it's done well.
I know, like, I seriously thought, you know, a LEGO game that was basically Minecraft would have been amazing, because everybody's like, you know, oh, Minecraft is basically like a LEGO game.
Right.
And then I played it, I'm like, wow, this is not very good. So, it's like, I'd rather play Minecraft, actually, now that I had to deal with that.
So, I'm curious for more information. That's all we know right now. We don't have a lot on this otherwise, but more as we hear about it.
Probably Tokyo Game Show, I'd imagine, is where this is going to be having more information at.
We're going to get over to DarkSakura, but I want to just jump in here, because Zappi in chat, kind of following up with something we were talking about earlier with the news of Iwata's passing.
I had mentioned, wait to see, because, you know, even Sony and Microsoft will probably do something, and apparently PlayStation account just put a tweet that says, thank you for everything, Mr. Iwata.
So, that's on the official PlayStation account there.
And that will probably be the first of many, many, many gaming remembrances and so forth to come on throughout the week.
So, if we hear more stuff throughout the show, we'll keep you posted.
In the meantime, back to the rest of the news from the week. DarkSakura.
Well, this is something I've been keeping on top of. While I'm not playing on console, I am very much into Dragon Age Inquisition.
And I have, actually my best friend plays on the Xbox 360, which the version is definitely scaled down.
But now BioWare has put out a word saying that all future DLC for Dragon Age Inquisition is only going to be on PC, PS4, and Xbox One.
There is a save importer that's going to let you bring your stuff over, which I'll be talking about later.
But, pretty much, it's just that having to develop four or five different machines and two of them being, you know, ten years old or so.
It's just not really worthwhile anymore. The copies haven't sold as well as they had hoped.
So, basically, continuing support is only going to be for the current gen systems.
Which, honestly, I was actually surprised that they released them on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Yeah, I think a lot of us were. But, I mean, it was, I guess, kind of that bridge.
You know, last year's, I think this holiday you're going to see really not much on 360 and PlayStation 3.
But last year was probably still a bridge year in many ways.
But now, bridge is closed. Upgrade or get out.
Well, and on top of that, though, just having done almost a side-by-side comparison between the 360 version.
And I'll go ahead and say the PC version just because, you know, that's what I've been playing.
There's a universe of difference between them.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm trying to think of other games. Like, even Mass Effect.
You know, I played it on the 360 and I was satisfied.
But then you see it on the PC and you're just like, damn.
Especially with, like, the high def text mode.
You take Grand Theft Auto V.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, Grand Theft Auto V looked great on, you know, PS3 and Xbox 360.
But then it looked even better on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And then even better on PC.
Mm-hmm.
All right, moving on, Loki.
So, kind of going back to the story that we were just talking about as far as Warner Brothers, you know, and maybe reevaluating, you know, the quality of their products before they release them.
Hey, haven't heard anything about Mortal Kombat X for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Those were supposed to be coming out, I believe, in June.
But, yeah, right now they're TBA.
So, I guess they need more time.
And, you know, basically their comment is we don't have any updates right now that we can provide comments on.
So, is it even going to happen at this point?
I don't know.
Like, who would buy it at this point?
It would be such a limited audience, I would think, unless they're going to put, like, the Game of the Year edition out on them or something.
But then it's like, God, you've got to pack even more stuff.
You're going to have a harder time fitting.
It could still be okay.
I mean, I don't know. There's still a lot of people that still have Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
And maybe have jumped into, you know, the new systems.
I mean, you don't want to lose out on the audience.
Yeah, I mean, I guess there's a potential audience.
You know, we have to remember that even though the people that probably listen to this show and certainly host this show,
we tend to be more on that cutting edge where we're adopting a lot of the newer consoles faster.
But there's a lot of people out there that are like, I can't get a PS4.
Exactly. I don't have an Xbox One or Wii U yet. I mean, so, I don't know.
There's still a demand for the previous generation, which is more affordable.
Because you could probably get a PS3 for, like, 99 bucks right now, right?
Oh, probably even less than that.
Yeah, I think that you could.
I think, like, you can get a refurb 360 for 100 bucks with a few games to run in.
So, it's much, much more reasonable.
Anyhow, moving on, a completely different note.
Hideki Kamiya, his mouth sometimes gets him into trouble.
And, Lord knows, he has a lot of interesting things to say on Twitter.
Some consider it to be an honor to be blocked by him on Twitter.
Because he blocks a lot of people.
If you don't know who I'm talking about, he's the guy with Platinum Games and, you know, making a lot of the moves with Bayonet.
Oh, God, Platinum's involved with everything these days, it seems like, right?
Didn't they have, like, three things at E3 between, like, Transformers and Star Fox?
A Transformers game looks really good.
Yeah, right? Well, what's interesting is that he made some interesting tweets this week where somebody had tweeted him asking him,
What are your thoughts on Mighty No. 9?
And Hideki Kamiya said, It's like an insult to their old home.
And somebody followed up with that question, asking, Do you think that because it looks bad or because it looks too similar to Rockman?
And he followed up saying, Similar? It's a copy.
So, interesting. He's kind of calling out Mighty No. 9 for being so darn similar to Mega Man, which...
Because it is! It is!
It is kind of the secret. It's the pink elephant in the room. It is...
Inafune, moving on, because Capcom would make it, so he made it himself.
It's there in the groove. I mean, it's basically, you know, they changed enough of the game to make a Mega Man game without it being Mega Man.
And who can blame them? They wanted to make a Mega Man game. Capcom said, Fuck you, we don't want a Mega Man game, so what are you gonna do?
I mean, people want it. People were eating that up.
But the game you just referenced ended up getting into a little bit of legal issues. Do you think Capcom's just waiting for Mighty No. 9 to release?
Well, here's the problem about that, though. See, this would be making the assumption that Capcom was releasing a bunch of Mega Man games by themselves.
Well, they have the anniversary thing, whatever it's called.
No, no, no. That's just re-releasing shit. That's not the same.
It was supposed to be like Naoki going out there and making a new dancing game. Like, he left Konami, which...
He could very well be leaving Konami at any point, I mean, considering how Konami's been treating some of their top talent.
But, you know, it'd be like him going out there and making another dancing series. It was essentially DDR, but not DDR.
And that's what a lot of these guys have done. Inafune, the guy behind the Castlevania Kickstarter stuff, now Red Ash.
It's basically all these games that these companies did not want to gamble on that they really wanted to make, and now they're gonna make them.
And these companies are gonna lose out on it. So you don't take the gamble, you don't reap the reward.
You know, I'm getting a very popcorn.gif vibe from our chat room right now. Dungeon Buster says he's not wrong, and I backed 90 number 9.
Let's see. Sjundermat says, I backed it because it looked like such a good copy of Mega Man.
Dungeon Buster says, Kamiya has also said that Inafune is just a businessman.
ActDef says, Kamiya is a loudmouth and I love it.
YYR reminding us Konami had patents all over DDR, both on the software and the hardware.
Yes, I'm aware. It's only a few more years before those patents expire too, so.
Release the hounds!
Yes, a few more years and we'll be making our own dancing games, yes!
Fifth Dream in chat says, anyone who didn't think it was a copy is silly. So, interesting.
The reaction is, fuck yeah, it's a copy and that's what we want!
Tell me, how much of it is a copy? I mean, it's a platform game that you fight, you're a robot that fights robots.
I mean, come on. And the gimmick is that you absorb the powers of the robots that you defeat.
I mean, come on. That's just a platformer. I mean, there could be other platformers out there that have that same gimmick.
To me, it's kind of like, okay, so you know how Wes Craven was really big in the 80s for the slasher films like Nightmare on Elm Street, right?
What did he end up being big for like ten years after that? Scream. What was Scream? A parody of 80s slasher films, right?
So, I don't know. I know that's a really weird analogy, but that's kind of like what this feels like to me.
It's a very self-referential evolution of the game and that's okay.
It's just these companies, they just want to let these people go.
People that were responsible for big properties that brought them a lot of fame and a lot of attention to their company.
If they really just want to throw them aside because they think that they can re-release another game in a series, then this is what's going to happen.
You're going to get all these guys saying, well, fuck you. We don't need you as a publisher. We will publish our own shit.
And we can. And they will. Or at least they'll find a publisher to publish their own shit.
SSG100Matt saying, celebs have made millions parodying themselves. Then we get into Scary Movie.
That's where like Lindsay Lohan and what's-his-name Charlie Sheen and all that showed up.
Which Popcorn.gif, one of the best ones, is from Scary Movie with Brenda sitting on the couch with her popcorn.
Let's see. Fifth Dream reminds us Scream has a TV show now. That's right. Oh my god, I forgot we were to that point.
That's what we've gone to. Wes Craven isn't involved, too.
But the same thing happened to Nightmare on Elm Street. Freddy's Nightmares.
Right, that's right. I forgot about that.
And don't forget, in the early 90s there was the Nightmare Cafe.
Well then isn't there also like the Glee guy is doing Scream Queens or something like that?
Which is another light on... I don't know. I know.
That's why I need Critical Myth because they keep track of all those shows.
But I don't even know if those shows would be something they even care about.
It doesn't matter because Ash vs. the Evil Dead is going to be coming out and it's so amazing.
Who cares about anything else?
Alright, anyhow, let's move on. We could talk about horror movies and television, but we have more stories.
Dark Sakura, before we get to release dates.
Well, this is actually something that I found on one of my favorite sites ever, which is Mental Floss.
They put out an article saying that there was a couple of experiments that were detailed in psychological science
where they walked participants through watching basically a lot of death and dying things that would cause some mental trauma.
And then had them play Tetris after completing a task that was supposed to reactivate those memories.
And so the people who played Tetris actually reported fewer intrusive memories from the film after that.
It's basically a follow up from a 2009 study where they proposed that playing Tetris could reduce PTSD flashbacks.
Because basically it uses the same processing center in the brain that brings back and compresses all of those memories into just a flash of memories.
So basically the working memory that you use for Tetris is the same that is used to recall traumatic memories.
So by playing Tetris you're replacing that space. It's sort of like you're overwriting part of that data.
Is it that... I mean, I don't want to... God, this might sound really tacky, so I apologize.
But is it kind of back in that whole... Have you ever heard that saying, like, idle hands are the devil's play type of thing?
Playground.
Yeah, that's it. That's it. Devil's playground?
Yes.
Is it kind of like that? Because by keeping your brain doing this thing, you're not able to think about that thing.
Kind of like that? That's what it seems like.
I guess, but also it's like it's actually reducing the capacity that the memory has to bring that up.
So after playing that, they've got a new series of memories in the place where those lived.
So it's very... I'm curious to see more about that. I'd like to see this actually done with people with PTSD.
Which neither of these studies did, but it proposed an approach of the treatment for trauma.
Break Man in our chat says, so once again, those evil video games are helping people.
So yeah, I like to hear these stories about like that video games, like positive impacts on the brain.
I mean, certainly with so many negative things out there to hear about, you know, the positive things is always such a nice break.
And like how they can help people, you know.
My question is whoever used Music C? I mean, seriously, that would cause me some trauma.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some video games that are coming out in a store near you somewhere in the world.
Starting in the US, Loki.
Yeah, there's actually some stuff coming out this week unlike last week where there was literally nothing.
So this week we've got Godzilla coming out on PlayStation 4 from Bandai Namco Games.
Deception 4, The Nightmare Princess on PlayStation 4.
Also coming out, we've got EA Sports Rory McGlory PGA Tour.
Yes, that's the new sports player PGA Tour game now that Tiger is no longer on the cover.
That is coming from EA on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Also, the God of War 3 remastered for PlayStation 4. Lots of PlayStation 4 games this week.
And that's it.
All right, traveling over to Japan.
Coming out this week in Japan on the PlayStation 4, Batman Arkham Knight gets its Japanese release on the 16th as well as the God of War 3 remaster.
And Godzilla Versus is what they're calling it in Japan for some reason.
Just a slight name change, but that comes out in Japan all on the 16th.
On the Xbox One, you have Roy McGlory PGA Tour.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's a Europe date. That's not on my Japanese list.
So there's actually nothing in Japan this week on the Xbox One.
Weird that none of those games are getting Xbox One ports, but hmm.
On the Wii U this week, Yoshi's Woolly World finally makes its way out to Japan.
That is on July the 16th as well.
And then looking at the Vita and the 3DS, the Vita has still a few games here.
Sweet Clown goes in, Saiji no Okashi no Dokueshi comes out this week as well as a game called iDoll U.
I don't know if they're going to make a doll out of you or what that is, but it's called iDoll U.
And then lastly on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Dasutsu Adventure Zetsubo Yosai.
What are you laughing about over there?
I was just thinking maybe it's like Aideru.
No, it looks... I don't know if it's...
That would be how iDoll would be pronounced.
Yeah, no it's i and then like a doll, like a...
Yeah, that's what I was thinking about the pronunciation.
I don't know if this is based on an anime or what, but I know there's a girl in a kitty suit.
Okay, that's all that matters.
Yeah, that's all that matters. Must play.
Japanese games.
It's a must play.
Alright, and AkumaJP reminding us that Xbox One is not relevant here.
No, and I'm surprised that Microsoft really isn't trying to make a stronger play.
Although I thought I heard that they did a changing of the guards over Xbox Japan to try and push that a little bit more.
But I guess maybe we'll hear Tokyo Game Show would be a big time for them to make a move if they're going to.
We'll see.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And the classic game of the week.
Oh, I'm sorry. No, we didn't get to UK dates.
We got to do those first.
Darzagra.
Please.
Okay, on the 15th we have The Vanishing of Ethan Carter on PlayStation 4.
For Mac and PC we have Luxlinger.
And on the 17th, The Deception 4, The Nightmare Princess on the Sony stuff.
And that's it.
Alright, now we have a couple more stories.
And then the classic game of the week. Loki.
So there's some more rumored information coming out about the whole treatment of Kojima Productions from Konami.
And this time the source is actually the Japanese voice actor for Solid Snake and Big Boss, Akio Atsuka.
And basically this was translated from Gemetsu, an article on there.
But Kojima Productions was forced to disband.
But it appears that the work the team has been putting their utmost effort into is nearly complete.
And I'm not exaggerating when I say I expect it will become their greatest masterpiece.
I couldn't help it.
I just wanted to say, kept you waiting, huh?
But even if this is the end, Metal Gear Solid is immortal.
So based on that it sounds like that they may have actually wanted, or Kojima might have actually wanted to stay at Konami.
But they just were going to disband Kojima Productions for some reason.
Huh.
Instead of him actually wanting to leave the company.
Wow.
They must not like money.
I don't understand what the hell is going on there, but it's just...
Maybe we'll hear something, I don't know if we'll hear something from Kojima after he leaves the company, but I don't know, we'll see.
I'm sure we'll see a Kickstarter in no time.
Oh, yeah.
Tigerclaw says, at least Kojima can work on something original.
Dar Tetsuya says, I did check out Ground Zeroes this week. Aside from not being sure where to go, I had some fun with it.
So, alright.
Well, moving on.
I mentioned earlier in the show, Comic-Con was this weekend.
And I know a lot of you guys pay attention to a lot of things that come out of Comic-Con.
Some of the trailers and things.
But I know one big TV show that is having a presence at Comic-Con is Heroes Reborn.
Because Heroes was a show on NBC a few years ago, and then it kind of went downhill in Season 2.
It never really recovered from the Rider's Strike.
Some would argue, though, that Season 4, its last season, was probably as good as its first season.
But by then, a lot of people had checked out.
Well, like a lot of TV shows seem to be doing these days, God, what else got rebooted?
I know The X-Files is coming back.
24 came back after a quick hiatus, right?
Heroes is coming back in a new show called Heroes Reborn.
And why am I bringing this up on OLR, a video game show?
Well, because they actually announced this week that Heroes Reborn Gemini will be coming out for consoles, PC, and Mac.
And Heroes Reborn Enigma will come out for smartphones and tablets.
And these games are based on Heroes Reborn, which will be coming out for NBC.
Now, I remember when Heroes was first out, they had a big online presence that tied into comics that they would have online.
That would actually tie into the show itself.
And you would see characters that show up in the comics first that then would show up in the show. It was kind of interesting.
So they're talking about specifically the console, PC, Mac version, the Gemini Heroes Reborn.
Expanding on the television story arc, Gemini is a first-person adventure game where players take on the role of Cassandra,
a young woman determined to solve the mysteries of her past while discovering her new powers.
And then Enigma is going to be a first-person puzzle game that will star Dahlia,
who is an evolved human with incredible powers while she's trying to get out of a government facility.
So, very interesting. A trailer supposedly came out today during the Heroes Reborn panel.
Obviously, with all the news that came out, I got distracted, so I didn't get to see those trailers.
But, yeah. Kind of an interesting little tie-in there to a TV show.
Anybody looking forward to the Heroes Reborn TV show? I think I'm going to give that a chance.
I loved season one of the first show.
I tried to go back to Heroes to watch season four or three. I don't even remember which one I ended up quitting in.
I think it was three. And I just had a hard time going back into it.
Yeah, three was really, really hard to watch.
I think I may try again, but yeah. I don't know. I liked Peter Petrelli as a character, aside from him being a little whiny.
Like, it had a really good pacing in the first season, but then it just kind of lost it, I guess.
Second season went batshit crazy, and there were just characters that were just bad, you know?
Like, they never really explained that girl who would cry, and then people would die.
Oh, God. She was the worst.
Right? Nobody liked her. And then they kind of wrote her off the show, except they didn't, like, I don't know.
And then, like, her brother... I don't know. Anyway, I don't want to get into the whole thing.
It was frustrating. Let's just say that.
Let's say YYR says,
It will find a home on my DVR, aside the blacklist in Gotham.
There you go.
And S. Jonah and Matt saying as well,
The Rider's Strike really hurt the show.
And then, Kaijuto says,
It should be called Heroes Regurgitated.
You know, they are... a lot of the season one characters, like, almost too many of them, are supposed to be coming back.
So I'm a little worried about that, but we'll see.
But none of the interesting ones are, though.
Yeah.
Is Allie Larder coming back? Please say no.
I don't think so.
I don't want her coming back.
I don't think... Well, I think that was part of the problem with...
In the... Originally, the series was supposed to be all new heroes every season.
But because people liked the season one group too much, they kind of forced them into the story.
They continued on. It just... It didn't really work.
I was fine with them continuing on the story.
It's just, like, when she had how many clones or, like, she would, like, how many personalities?
It's just... It's ridiculous.
No, and Brakeman says, I don't think Siler is coming back. I don't think so either.
I mean, granted...
He's too big of a star now.
Yeah, you never know who's secretly signed, but I think the only people they've said are coming back are Hiro, who I think is...
That he's fine. For him to come back is good.
If Hiro comes back, that means we might get George Takei.
Which was the only scenes I ever watched of the show.
That's right.
But he's dead though in the show.
George Takei?
Yeah, his character died, remember?
Oh, I don't remember that.
I only watched the show. I only watched the scenes with Hiro in it.
Well, anyway, and then the cop guy is coming back.
What about Cheerleaderine?
No, I don't think she's coming back.
She's too big of a star now, and unfortunately, yeah, the guy that played Matt wasn't...
He's been in, like, Big Ass Spider and, like, I think probably a Sharknado movie.
The guy who plays Hiro, he's in Hawaii Five-0, I think.
I think that's the show he's in now.
Brad says, the glasses guy, Mohinder, and the Petreli mom.
I don't know.
Mohinder's lame. I do like Noah. Yeah, he's pretty awesome.
He was pretty much, like, a badass in that.
I kinda like... Just don't give him any powers.
I liked how he was just, like, this guy with no powers, but it was just, like, it would kick ass.
So, I was down with that.
Mohinder is just lame. He became, like, that weird, like, lizard guy.
Ando.
Ando. Yeah, didn't Ando end up getting power or something?
Yeah, he did.
I think so, yeah.
He had the power to, like, basically amplify other people's powers.
And then he learned how to use it as, like...
You know who I really want to come back?
And I know this might come off as distasteful.
It's not supposed to be. It's supposed to be respectful.
Because I know she had some medical issues lately.
But Michelle Nichols was...
But she was in the Ally Larter storyline.
She was their kid's grandma or something, right?
I just remember she was in that storyline.
I want to see her, because I want to see her make a full recovery
and go back to gracing us with her presence on television again.
I probably should sit down and watch it, but I've had no desire to watch any of it
because of reasons.
I understand.
PowInChat says,
The cheerleader comes back, but she's now 35 and an alcoholic.
She should be cheerleader-ing anyway.
Alright, let's get to the classic game of the week.
Let's get to a simpler time.
When Rider Strikes didn't ruin shows that had great potential.
The classic game of the week where Dark Soccer is going to jump into the gaming vault
and find the game that she thinks,
Hey, you little brats, play this game this week because of reasons.
And I do want to point out, you picked this far earlier today
before the other news that came out.
So it doesn't tie into that news, but we didn't have time.
I don't know why it would tie into that news.
Well, we didn't have time to change things.
So anyway, Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Dig Dug.
Yes, I haven't done Dig Dug before, so I did Dig Dug.
This is one of my all-time favorites.
That's the best music.
Anyway, it came out in 1982 in Japan.
It was put up by Namco and it ran on the Namco Galaga hardware,
which, outside of Japan, it was published by Atari.
So basically, really simple little game,
but it has led to a few other kind of big franchises
and actually has tie-ins with some other Namco franchises
in ways that you might not think.
So basically, in Dig Dug, you jump down
and you have the Pookas and you have the Fygars.
And the Pookas are the round red monsters
and the Fygars are the dragons that breathe fire on you.
So basically, you go around and you pump them full of air
and they explode.
I mean, I'm sure we all saw that episode of Robot Chicken, right?
Somehow they explode without getting blood and guts everywhere.
They're full of hot air, literally.
They're full of hot air. That's it.
And you can drop rocks on them.
I was actually super impressed with this particular playthrough
because the guy lures three Pookas over
and then drops a rock on all of them, and that's some mad skills.
And then the very last enemy basically is going to travel through the dirt
and try to get back to the surface and run away.
And if he runs away, you don't get the points for it, of course.
They turn into what's called ghost eyes as they travel through the dirt.
So basically, depending on how you destroy them,
you get double points for Fygars if you get them horizontally
because they only blow fire horizontally.
And then you get even more points by dropping rocks on them.
And if they're killed by a rock, they get 1,000 points.
And then after that, it's 1,500 and then 2,000.
Digging gives you points, too.
So you get 10 points for each block that you dig.
So you can actually dig out the whole level
and get a bajillion points for it.
There's an achievement for it on Xbox 360.
It was a pain in the ass.
Pain in the ass.
That was the name of the achievement, Pain in the Ass.
I don't think so, but that's what it was called in my heart.
By the way, this is like, of all the retro arcade games,
this is probably one of my very...
I almost don't want to say my very favorite, but I think it might actually be.
This is one, if I see it in an arcade,
because it still shows up in arcades today.
If I see it, I have to play it.
And then I'm on it for a good, not to sound cocky,
but I can get pretty far in it still on one quarter.
I need to get one of those plushie pookas that they put out.
Because you live in my cubicle.
I have a white Pac-Man ghost, though.
I won that out of a vending machine.
A crane game.
Anyway, if you drop a rock on an enemy at the same time that they explode,
there's a glitch in the game that causes all the enemies to disappear,
but the game won't progress.
You'll just keep digging.
So you can't get to the next level, but you can dig.
Of course, the way that you resolve the glitch, though,
is making a rock drop until there's no rocks left.
You also can get a bonus item at the center of the screen that you can collect.
So there are different fruits and vegetables, as well as the flagship from Galaxian.
So that's pretty cool, too.
And you get a bonus from the fruit or vegetable.
It's 8,000 from the pineapple.
And here's a pro tip.
That thing shows up in the center after you drop two rocks.
That's what I said.
Oh, whoops.
Sorry, I was reading chat.
Okay.
So they're also now, of course, in the original Namco version.
The game ends on round 256, which is round 0, that gets you to a kill screen.
The Atari version, however, basically bypasses the kill screen.
It takes you to...
Hold on, I'm trying to find where it is.
Yeah, it actually is going to be game over at 256, regardless of what happens,
with no official kill screen.
The kill screen on the Namco version was a Pooka that was right on top of Dig Dug with no way to kill him.
So in 1996, we got the Namco Classics Volume 2 that had Dig Dug arrangement in it, which was two-player Dig Dug.
But this one was still mostly not changed, except for adding the two-player aspect.
It was re-released again along with regular Dig Dug and ten other Namco games on PS2, Xbox, and GameCube in Namco Museum.
In that version, there were balls that were inspired by the Cosmo gang, The Puzzle, that can kill a lot of enemies in a row.
And then we've just had all kinds of different versions of it that came out, especially the Dig Dug arrangement.
Dig Dug Remix was from Namco Museum Battle Collection that came to iOS.
It was like Dig Dug arrangement, but without the multiplayer.
In 2005, there was Dig Dug for cell phones and Palm OS that was pretty much like the original,
but the levels were based on the NES version of Dig Dug.
Of course, the levels go on past 500, there's no kill screen.
Now here's the part that goes with other Namco games.
It was said, actually didn't even come out until later, much later, what the name of the protagonist of Dig Dug is.
His name is not Dig Dug. His name is Hori Taizo, which, you know, being last name first Japanese.
It also is a pun on Hori Taizo, which, I want to dig.
So it'd be sort of like if we'd called him Will Dig, or Wanda Dig, Wanda Dig.
So after, he's also a playable character in Mr. Driller Drill Spirits.
Because you know who Mr. Driller is?
It's Dig Dug, no it's his kid.
It's his kid?
Yeah.
It's his kid.
It's Dig Dug. Sorry, you're just going to offset the deal with it.
Because it's Dug. It's Dig Dug.
No.
So the character in Mr. Driller is, God I just had this a moment ago too.
Hori Susumu.
So now his ex-wife, basically the Dig Dug character's ex-wife, is Kissy from Baradook.
I don't know if you ever played that game.
It was sort of like Metroid before Metroid came out.
Down to the female protagonist and everything.
So, Hori is called the hero of the Dig Dug incident in the Mr. Driller series.
So those three games are all related through marriage and children.
Alright.
So there were a bajillion versions that came out.
Yes.
Not just did we have our arcade ones, we had Atari 2600, 5200, which I have.
Atari 7800 Intellivision, Apple II, Atari 400, 800 PC, Commodore VIC-20, Commodore 64, IBM PC, Texas Instruments TI-99-4A, which I think I had the TI-99 one as well.
There was the Famicom version, Game Boy.
There was a plug and play system version that came with Galaxian, Pac-Man, Rally-X, and Bosconian.
We had the version on Xbox Live Arcade.
There was a Windows one for Namco Networks.
They also had an advanced version that had the sprites from Dig Dug Digging Strike.
There were, let's see, the Namco All-Stars Pac-Man and Dig Dug.
There were the Wii Virtual Console ones, Dig Dug 2, which, okay.
Pac-Man's arcade party had it in there.
The NES version on Virtual Console came back out.
Nintendo 3DS and Wii U had versions as well.
Gaken made a tabletop handheld version of Dig Dug that was one of three flip-top games with the VFD screen.
It also came out with Jungler and Amadar.
And it's been out on just about every version ever.
And Dig Dug was listed the 6th most popular coin-op video game by the killer list of video games website.
So...
God, there were just...
There were sequels as well.
Dig Dug 2...
Which is ass.
Yes.
Don't bother with Dig Dug 2.
Mr. Driller was conceived as Dig Dug 3.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah.
But it makes sense.
Yep.
There was Dig Dug Digging Strike on Nintendo DS.
There was a side play that combined the side play and overhead view that had a link to Mr. Driller.
There was Dig Dug Deeper on PC.
Yeah, just all kinds of different versions that came out.
And there's also a skin of it in Pac-Man Championship Edition Deluxe, which is awesome.
There's a bootleg of Dig Dug called Zig Zag.
Pooka has been in other Namco games, including Pac-Man World.
Pooka was playable in Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness.
And available as playable in Pac-Man World Rally, as well as Flygar.
Pooka was also in pole position on one of the roadside billboards.
In Pac-Man World, he was one of the friends of Pac-Man that was kidnapped by Talk Man.
He was also in R4 as the American Racing Team's Dig Dug Racing Team mascot.
He was on the Phantomile track in R4 as well.
R4 is like the best Ridge Racer game ever, by the way.
Yes, it is.
Yes.
He was also in Ridge Racer 64.
Dig Dug and the Mr. Driller character Susumu were playable in Namco X Capcom.
There was the Dig Dug robot chicken episode, President Evil.
Dig Dug, Pooka, and Flygar were in Wreck-It Ralph.
And sold out A Three Evening with Kevin Smith.
Mario Kart Arcade GP, Pooka was a special character.
A Nobinobi boy.
Players can sometimes play on maps with Dig Duggs and Pookas.
In the fifth season of X-Files, there was a character playing Dig Dug on an episode.
Okay, this is getting obscure, but I can see it.
Wasn't Pooka also in point blank?
I thought it was one of the targets in point blank.
Fifth Dream in chat, and I'm sorry if you were going to get to this, JB.
Fifth Dream in chat says, let's not forget that Namco dating sim.
It had Dig Dug characters.
In Death Battle, Bomberman fights the Dig Dug character for battle.
And then Pookas are enemies in Smash Run mode in Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS.
That's it.
I'm done.
I'm done, Doug.
I've dug that dig.
Alright, there it is.
Your classic game of the week.
A true classic, Dig Dug.
Now my favorite version of Dig Dug is on the Playstation 3 because of reasons.
That particular collection on the Playstation 3.
That version is the best of all versions.
Because of reasons.
But I have fond fond memories of the Commodore 64 version.
Which, you know, you know me.
Commodore 64.
I mean, that game was everywhere when I was a kid.
Everywhere.
Every system.
There's actually a good OC, Happy Hardcore remix.
Really?
For the Dig Dug music.
That's funny.
Alright, anyhow.
We're gonna take a break, guys.
When we come back, there's plenty more show to come.
We're gonna have rapid fire news, of course.
The FUGO Question of the Week, which is about the Heroes Reborn, kind of ties into that a little bit.
And then, of course, more news.
Mailbag FUs and phone calls.
I know a lot of you have some stuff you want to say this week, so we'll get to all that.
When we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live on this Sunday evening, July the 12th of 2015, with the 605th episode of our show.
If you're just joining us live at the Voice of the Geeks Network, where we, of course, do tape our show every Sunday night.
Obviously, we were hit about an hour before the show went live tonight with the news that Satoru Iwata passed away suddenly over the weekend.
And, obviously, we're all still reeling from that.
And if you missed the beginning of the show, we spent a good 30 minutes at the top of the show kind of talking about it and our reactions and all that.
But just, you know, this is all really unfolding as we are live.
It is Monday morning in Japan right now, so, you know, they're hearing the news and processing and reacting.
And, actually, I just saw in our chat room, Rama's in there tonight.
In tribute, he's under one of his other handles, Black Luigi, if you've seen the man cosplay.
But Rama's in chat saying that flags are at half-mast in Nintendo Japan.
And actually links us to a Twitter picture where you can actually see Nintendo corporate headquarters in Japan and they are flying the flags at half-mast.
So it's sad, but a great sign of respect, obviously, to a man that was very, very loved, I'm sure, at that company.
Anyhow, I'm sure we will have some callers on that issue later on in the show.
But as I said earlier, the show goes on and there's a lot going on in the game industry that happened this week that we want to talk about.
So let's get back into it with some rapid-fire news and some of the other news from this week.
Loki.
This is great news. I'm pretty excited about this since I bought this game when it originally came out on PlayStation 3.
But if you did buy Journey from that game company back on PlayStation 3, you'll be happy to know it's a cross-buy title.
And if you did purchase it previously, you'll be able to play it for free on July 21st on your PlayStation 4 and enjoy all of its graphical upgrades.
Or you can buy it for the first time. And it is, I mean, that one game of the year for a reason.
And by now, the twist of the game is out there so much, it's unfortunate.
It's still a gorgeous game.
Yeah, it's still a gorgeous game and the fact that the whole online collaboration.
I can't imagine how much better it's going to look now.
Yeah, yeah, seriously. I'm excited to play through it again.
Absolutely. So that'll be coming out on the 21st, so look forward to that.
Something that you can get a little sooner than that, if you have an account on Origin, remember, hey, they're still offering free games every now and then.
This time, it's Zuma's Revenge. So go pick that up. It's absolutely free for a limited time on EA's On the House program.
Xtafer, my buddy from the show Hoard House, loved Zuma, so I'll have to make sure he knows about this.
I played the crap out of it, too.
He can get addicted all over to it again.
It's frustratingly hard sometimes.
And then, last but not least, there's a karaoke game coming out. I know, that's crazy.
I mean, this hasn't been a new karaoke game in quite a while.
I'm a SingStar.
Well, yeah, but everything's kind of going the route of the whole service thing, where even Just Dance, where you just buy it and you have access to a library of songs.
Now, though, they're kind of bringing out one with a really unique title. It's called That's What I Call Sing, which doesn't make any sense.
It's pretty incorrect as far as grammar goes, but it is going to be coming out later on this year.
It has quite a few Top 40 songs that are in there that I recognize occasionally when I listen to the radio in my wife's car.
Who's making it?
I have no idea, to be honest.
But it is coming out on October 21st, or the 23rd.
October 23rd, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And it has such wonderful songs, including Uptown Funk from Bruno Mars.
I saw Applause from Lady Gaga, Royals by Lorde, Moves Like Jagger. You know, pretty much all the Top 40 shit right now.
Rama in chat says it's a play on That's What I Call Music. They have that popular CD series, the Now That's What I Call Music.
They call it That's What I Call Singing, or That's What I Call Karaoke, or something like that.
And so, That's What I Call Sing.
I did see a hilarious, like, someone posted a picture of that, and then they posted a picture of, was it, like, the prison? Sing? You know?
I just thought of it this way.
Alright. Well, I don't know. I have Sing Star Abba and Sing Star Queen. I don't need any other karaoke games.
Done. That's it. Done. That's all I need in life, those two games.
Meanwhile, though, some other stuff to put on your radar this week. A new crowdfunding campaign for a kids' gaming magazine.
Is it Highlights?
No, it's not Highlights for Kids. Well, you know how we had Retro Magazine, you know, which was a little more for adults.
Well, now, a former senior editor and art director for Electronic Gaming Monthly, Martin Alessi, has started a crowdfunding campaign for Little Player,
a bimonthly magazine that's aimed towards kids 7 to 12. It's only going to cover games rated E, C, E, and E10,
and it's supposed to be a safe, fun, ad-free reading experience for young readers by going to Kickstarter.
So you can check that out on Kickstarter. Just search for Little Player, because it's kind of hard for me to give out links.
But, yeah, that's pretty cool. So you can check that out. The Kickstarter will end on August 7th at 10 p.m. Central Time.
So, I loved having Nintendo, you know, I mentioned earlier in the show, we were reflecting on memories.
Nintendo Power was such a huge part of my childhood, like, I'm excited that maybe other kids can have that too.
And, you know, it's good all around, because it encourages them to read, but they're reading about something they, you know, really enjoy, which are games.
And this little, like, prototype they have there, you know, demonstrates, like, Yoshi's Woolly World, which would be a great example of a game that might be highlighted for kids.
It's not very woolly in that picture.
Well, no.
That's false advertising or anything.
It's a mock-up, Loki. Calm down.
It's a terrible mock-up.
They're not going to put Mortal Kombat X on the cover. All right, anyhow.
What if it's E-rated, though?
It's Mortal Kombat X, the friendship edition.
Moving on. A franchise that we've been following for a very long time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
BeatMania 2DX is location testing its newest version. Do you know what number they're up to in 2DX games?
20 billion-y.
Close.
26?
A little high. A little high on that. This is going to be number...
24?
23. It's BeatMania 2DX 23. It's called Copula is the name of it. It's kind of a yellow, yellowish interface. It looks like P.Pula.
Every time I see Copula, I think either Count Dracula, like if you were to...
If he was a cop.
Or Count Chocula. Or Capoeira.
Copulate.
Copulate.
Not like that one.
Or Francis Ford Copulate.
I can totally see it as a strange, you know, fish-out-of-water cop drama starring Dracula as a beat cop, you know.
Copula.
He's just an ordinary vampire. He doesn't understand the, you know, the world.
Oh my god. Brakeman says, Copula, vampire cop coming to theaters near you.
I would totally watch that. That's like such an 80s...
Cop dog.
BeatMania 2DX cop dog.
For the record, a copula is a connecting word, in particular a form of the verb be connecting a subject and complement.
And there's a torpedo that just shot and exploded the whole conversation.
Darktichy in chat says, the logo is supposed to represent like a bullet train.
And it's supposed to be like trains is the theme in the game, which would make sense.
You know, they really, really love trains over in Japan.
They had a whole bunch of Power Rangers that were trains. I know this because...
Why can't they just call it BeatMania 23 choo-choo, motherfucker?
Alright, look. BeatMania 2DX 23 copulate.
Some new things coming in the game.
There's a new gauge option, assisted easy, that will reduce the clear border from 80% to 60%.
Beginner gets its own folder. Movie previews are now available in the song UI.
Because I don't, you know, I'm so far removed from 2DX news these days.
But when I was playing that machine that was at Scandia, they had some hilarious videos.
Also for the record, a copula is also a type of musical term.
Meaning it's the texture of certain sounds.
Really?
So in this case, and I'm just going to quote from here.
It can be thought of as the linking of notes together to form a melody.
Ah, so it's that same definition but in regards to music.
Okay, I still like copulate.
For the record, the word is, is a copula.
The sky is blue.
Alright.
I is bored.
I am bored.
Alright, no seriously, I'll charge also in the game.
It's a new type of charge.
No, it raises your gauge as you hold it, but it will reduce your gauge if you aren't holding down on it.
So you must press the button.
Was that a copula?
No.
Oh, well damn.
But saying that it is a thing, that was a copula.
Okay, so you need to do the thing.
That's not a copula.
Damn it.
It's a link of description.
I will point out that one of the songs in the game is called Long Train Runnin'.
And I don't know if that's related to the DDR song.
I can only hope it is.
I hope it is.
But I love that, so that is one of the songs there.
And then, maybe this is a copula, there's a song called Do The Thing.
Does it mention who the artist is on Long Train Run?
Yes, it is DJ M.A.S.S. M.A.D. L.Z.M.
It's called Part 2 and it's in the genre Broken Samba Breaks.
Well, that's... yeah.
That's something, I guess.
OkumaJP in chat says, Me can has burger?
That is not a copula.
How did we ever fill three hours of show talking about nothing but music games?
How did we do it?
I don't know.
There was more news about music games.
No, I'm just saying it's rapid fire news and we've talked for five minutes
making fun of the name of BeatMania 2DX23.
For the record, that is rapid fire news, is is a copula.
How about if I say fuck right off?
Is right a copula?
No.
But saying fuck is a word, is would be a copula.
Ah, ok.
I am irritated.
Ok, well I is reading the next story.
You are using bad grammar.
Which is about Sega.
So Sega is admitting that maybe they've made some mistakes in the past.
I like how they're still...
The whole night now, every time a copula, we're just going to have to emphasize it.
Well, I like how they're admitting that we may have made a mistake instead of like,
yes, we made a mistake.
Why can't, why is there always going to be some doubt?
Like, let's just leave it open to, we didn't do anything wrong.
Anyhow, so here's the thing.
It's an interview with Hajime Satomi, who's of course the head of Sega
and talked about the reputation the company's had over the past ten years
and even saying that maybe they've led fans astray a little bit.
But noting that acquiring Atlas in 2013 helped Sega understand its situation.
In a quote saying,
As far as the Western market goes, we learned a lot from Atlas.
If we can make a title with proper quality,
I believe there's a good chance for it to do well even in the West
for players that like to play Japanese games.
Sega in the 1990s was known for its brand,
but after that we've lost trust and we were left with nothing but reputation.
For this week's reason, we'd like to win back the customer's trust
and become a brand once again.
So it's always nice to hear when people own up to mistakes,
such as the 2006 version of Sonic the Hedgehog, but, you know.
And every other, you know, since then.
Or Sonic the Hedgehog 4, or, you know.
Well, the Wii U one was not bad at all.
Or Generations was pretty good too.
So, anyway.
Part of Generations.
Anyway, there you go.
That's all I have for rapid fire news.
Dar Sakura.
Well, I mentioned a little bit of this earlier
about there being a save importer for Dragon Age Inquisition.
Basically you can import your game from the PS3 version to the PS4 version,
or from the Xbox 360 version to Xbox One.
And there are instructions for this on the actual DragonAge.com website.
So go check it out for those who are interested in doing the upgrade.
Also, there are a bunch of games heading over to Steam.
Some PS1 games.
Among them, Battle Arena Toshinden 2.
And looks like Nitrous Oxide.
Trying to look over here.
Yep, that's the game that had Crystal Method stuff in it.
Buggy.
And Tatunoko Fight.
Which I am looking forward to.
So, also, and this makes me kind of happy,
Tekken 7 is going to certain arcades this month for testing after EVO.
Basically it is going to be at a bunch of different Dave and Busters,
including the Milpitas one.
Oh nice.
We need to go there.
But what about the one over here?
I'm looking at the list.
You mean the tiniest Dave and Busters in the galaxy?
I don't care.
You mean Dave and Buster's Closet?
It's more like Dave's Closet. It's the Dave.
Dave and Busters.
It's just Dave.
But yeah, it's coming to Dave and Busters New York on 42nd Street.
Dave and Busters Dallas on North Central Expressway.
The Milpitas location at the Great Mall Drive.
Which I need to go shopping, so it can be a combo day.
Tekken and underwear.
It's coming to round one, Puente Hills Mall in City of Industry.
Round one, South Center Mall in Tequila, Washington.
That sounds like tequila. I want some.
And round one, Stratford Mall in Bloomingdale, Illinois.
Rama's saying it's already at the Dave and Busters in Times Square.
So get to it.
We are going to have to take a trip to Milpitas.
Sounds good.
That's it.
Alright, then let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
Which, of course, you can access our Facebook at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And we're on Google Plus at google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
This week, since I posted the question much earlier in the day, it was about Comic-Con.
And with Comic-Con, of course, we heard about Heroes of the Week.
And we had a lot of fun.
So we thought we'd ask, what television show would you like to see made into a game?
And maybe even, if you can keep it short, tell us a little bit about what the game would be like.
Like, how would it play and so forth.
So let's start on Google Plus tonight.
Because Google Plus never seems to get enough love anymore.
So over on Google Plus, we'll start with Redertainment who says,
a game based on the Australian TV series Danger 5.
I'm thinking something like that.
I'm thinking something like that.
It's Australian TV series Danger 5.
I'm thinking something like Carmen Sandiego.
You're given a mission by an obnoxious eagle or person.
And your objective is to travel the world hunting various high figures in Germany's Nazi party and kill Hitler.
So that's half the plot of that movie you've been obsessed with lately.
What's that? Kung Fury. Thank you.
Yeah, but Danger 5 gets really strange.
Like, second season's really odd.
It's like the whole 80s thing.
Prince Peach Fuzz over on Google Plus says,
I'd love an archer game with some GoldenEye 64-type multiplayer.
This answer's already my favorite and I haven't even read them all.
The plot would consist of a search for an old taunt treasure with many drinking games and Dr. Krieger experiments.
I love this idea.
And it needs to be done by the people to do the South Park games.
To keep that humor intact, I think.
ActDef says, I don't think I want a TV show being turned into a game.
A lot of games have been adapted from TV shows tend to suck. Really suck.
Although cartoons and the animated shows are a whole other story.
Usually because of the liberties they have with them.
Well, what about game shows?
I guess it's a whole other type of thing.
A lot of people don't really consider them TV shows, but I don't know.
Tekashi's Castle.
Didn't they have a game for that?
They didn't. Well, they sort of did.
But I would want Tekashi's Castle, but not in the sense that you would think.
Not actually playing the game, I would just want to make the obstacle courses for the people to get injured in.
And then I'd want to have that playback and I could watch Sims or whatever run through it and hurt themselves.
And that'd be hilarious.
Breakman in chat says, 1 versus 100. Too soon, you dick.
Alright, anyway.
Most was the extreme elimination challenge. The dubbed version of that was hilarious.
Over on Facebook, some answers.
Tech 2030 says, Alias needs to be brought back to TV and they could release a 2D Mark of the Ninja style stealth game to go with it.
Silent Tom says, I'd love to see a properly made Team Titans game.
It wouldn't be a stretch to use the Arkham Knight engine because they're technically in the same universe.
Critical Myth says, most of the first things that come to mind are already getting great adaptations via Telltale.
Would love to see what they could do with something like Doctor Who.
I would love to see Star Trek pull together a Mass Effect level action RPG.
Oh god. I'm not worthy of such an amazing game if they could make something like that.
You know what would be hilarious?
Huh?
It's like Nick Arcade using like, you know, like the Playstation camera or something like that.
Hey, 90s nostalgia is real. Like, I think something like that could do like really fucking good.
You play the games and stuff and then you have to do the actual, like, challenges where it's against a green screen type thing.
Yeah.
William Murderface says, I would love to see an XCOM style Agents of Sealed game with some intelligence collecting segments similar to those in Batman Arkham Origins.
Also, an Arrow game like the Arkham games.
Brad, our buddy from Pod Culture says, I'm pretty lucky.
As a geek, most of the shows I like already do have a game of some sort.
Star Trek, Doctor Who, The Walking Dead.
They all had games. Some better than others.
But if I had to pick a single show, it would have to be Arrow.
It could easily use the Batman Arkham Knight engine.
It could pull in heroes and villains from other DC TV properties.
Flash, Legends of Tomorrow, Supergirl.
Haseo Sumeruagawa says, Arrow.
It could be translated into a series well or even like a Telltale game.
Zether says, Red Dwarf.
I think it could work as an adventure game like the inventory based Telltale or LucasArts games.
Asserping Slurpee says, movie and TV show and pirate games tend to be quite bad so I'll steer clear of them.
But I wouldn't mind a game set in the Firefly universe.
It could play like Dragon Age Inquisition.
You wouldn't play as the crew of Serenity.
The player would have to procure and upgrade his own spaceship and hire a crew.
A diverse crew of characters would be optimal as opposed to a crew of all Jane type people.
Though I would experiment with a crew of all companions.
Fahrenheit, Fire, oh I'm sorry, Russell.
I don't know if that's, I think Fahrenheit is the nickname.
Fahrenheit says, Firefly for a game.
The character Malcolm Reynolds could easily fit in a Telltale game where player choices are made.
Fifth Dream says, I would love a Penny Dreadful Telltale game.
Or how about a Big Brother game?
It would be a lot like The Sims but more adonimous.
I can't read that word.
Anonymous?
No, not anonymous.
Autonimous?
Autonimous?
I'm failing.
Until you played competitions.
And if The Sims starts getting annoying you could just vote it out of the house.
Nemesis 47 says, Doctor Who.
I know it's been done before but the series deserves a good console game than a ho-hum puzzle game on the Vita.
Or a rushed game just to make a few million in the franchise.
If BBC can get the right people and a good idea for the game it can be amazing.
And ER says, a lot of my favorite anime shows do get games so I just wish some of them would get translated.
I can second the call for Firefly though, I'd love a game set in that universe.
And then Justin H says, I would love to see a funny Batman game like the original TV series.
I totally am down with that.
I would love that too.
I still think that they should bring back a series that's basically the old Batman and Robin and the old Batman villains but set in modern day.
But not necessarily Batman, it's just these old villains or whatever that have no clue of modern society but they're doing everything the old way.
Like, oh we're going to do something, we're going to rob this bank or something and it's just ridiculous.
I would love to see that.
That's a great idea for a game.
Let me go around here in studio quickly because that's all the answers we got.
In studio quickly, what do you guys think should become a video game from television, if anything?
From television, I would say maybe like, I don't know, I've already mentioned a few.
God, what series are we really?
Monty Python, how about a Monty Python Holy Grail or a Monty Python turn-based RPG game?
There have been Monty Python games.
It was a long time ago.
It was a complete waste of time.
It's been a while though.
It's time for an upgrade.
That's probably a terrible idea.
How about, let's get a game based off of Conan O'Brien.
That could be pretty strange.
Well my answer is easy and I'm very disappointed in all of the listeners for nobody naming this but clearly the show that needs to be a video game is RuPaul's Drag Race.
Hello. Hello.
And yes, I know there's Dragopolis on iPhone. That doesn't count.
It's not directly tied to the show. It just has a lot of the same people.
Darsagra.
I really can't think but instead I would like a video game to be made into a TV show and that would be The Adventures of Fem Shep and Garrus.
Fair enough. Taking the question and making it her own.
I will flip it around.
Let's see. Tigerclaw says RuPaul's Drag Race would be a great kart racing game.
Bob Coffee says RuPaul's Drag Race would be the Mario Kart clone we didn't need but the one we deserve.
Good luck and don't fuck it up.
Come on. You know we need a video game with that.
You know we need a video game where RuPaul comes on the screen and says,
The time has come for you to lip sync for your life, life, life, life.
And then we have cameras and shit. Can't cameras read lips in this day and age?
Can't the camera know if I'm lip syncing in my living room? Don't they know?
Yes, they can technically read lips.
Yeah, so I don't know.
I don't know how accurate it is.
Anyway. Alright, let's move on. We got some more news for you guys before we get to calls. Loki.
I don't know.
Akuma JP says, The Real Housewives. It would be the slap on the face game.
The Real Housewives of Atlanta as a video game.
I said what I said.
Back to news. I'm sorry. That comment was too good for me to pass up though.
So this is kind of a little interesting. Hitman, you know the new reboot or I don't know what they're calling it.
I guess it's a reboot, relaunch of the franchise.
That's supposed to be coming out later this year actually as a digital download which is kind of strange.
So December 8th, they're going to launch it as a download on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
But it's not the full game. It's just a part of it.
And then throughout 2016, they're going to be releasing more and more of the game until the story arc is done and finished.
Of course, all of that content is going to be included within the asking price of $60.
But if you wait for the disc, you get that all together.
It's kind of interesting. I wonder, is this supposed to be one of the first games that uses that early access thing or something?
Where they just kind of put the game out as it's being made?
It's also a very interesting way to get around the used game issue.
Because if you're getting all these people buying it digitally so that they can get it early, then you don't have to worry about those used games floating around.
And those discs can be full priced.
I wonder if this isn't going to be a trend. I think that's why this is noteworthy.
Are we going to see more digital releases before disc releases?
Now granted, this puts the company in a bit of hot water with traditional retailers.
But are they using the old excuse where, well, then we can skip the disc printing?
Unlike early access games, this will always be a polished Hitman experience.
We think the word episodic sets up expectations that we will sell individual content drops for individual prices.
But that's not something we're planning on doing.
That said, there are some episodic elements to the story in the sense that it's delivered in chunks over time.
So experiencing the story will probably feel episodic.
But there's also a ton of other content, including live events, which will have nothing to do with the story but will be improving and changing the game constantly while you're playing it.
I think it's just a way for them to get the money quicker.
And at the same time, if you buy it digitally, you can't have the reviews based on the game because the game's not going to be done yet.
So it could be terrible and then people would still be buying it because it may be better later and they could always patch it to be better.
It's kind of like what they're doing now with content being broken and stuff, except they're saying it's not going to be broken. It's just not done yet.
Just release it when it's done.
Brakeman says, I like this, but I don't like this. There's some good things about this, but some bad things.
It's harder to ensure quality when you release a game like this.
Kaijuto in chat says, it's called Sucker Access. This sounds fucking stupid. Won't buy it.
Pow in chat says, well, we're already getting unfinished games. Cough, Assassin's Creed, cough. And I would add to that, cough, Batman on PC, cough.
So, hey, now we're just making it official.
SHO 100 Matt points out, EA Sports does early access for their sports titles like a week or so early.
That you even have to pay for, so that's kind of lame.
Yeah, I never saw the need for it, but then again, we're starting to head towards a strictly digital purchase landscape for consoles.
Well, I guess one of the perks to buying digitally is that you get games in your digital library that can last for years and years,
as I'm finding with my Xbox 360 library and what is showing up on my Xbox One for backwards compatibility.
Well, some more notes out on backwards compatibility for the Xbox One this week.
And one of those is a form of an approval of sorts from Ubisoft's CEO,
Yves Guillemot, who says that the Xbox One's backwards compatibility feature is very good news for the industry.
It will help some of the brands like Splinter Cell for us come to the Xbox One, which is great.
So, some CEOs seeing that, oh, this could be a good thing because, you know, people can rediscover those old games,
especially, you know, in time for folks to play the newest game in the series on the new console or what have you.
So that's kind of neat.
Also worth pointing out, rumors going around that Burnout Paradise will probably be a thing for Xbox One backwards compatibility.
Criterion Games flat out made a tweet.
Yes, we are talking to Microsoft about making Xbox 360 Burnout Paradise available on Xbox One via backwards compatibility.
More news soon.
Yes!
So, Criterion Games making it crystal clear, if they can make it happen, it's going to happen.
You make it happen, I'll buy it. I mean, I fucking love that game.
Yeah?
Seriously, I love that game. Of course, I don't have an Xbox One, but I love that game anyway.
But you still have a 360.
I still have a 360.
There you go.
So, that's awesome. I think I still have that on disc somewhere, so I got to make a note not to get rid of those discs
because a lot of those games are going to come back on Xbox One, so that's pretty cool.
I have it on PC, too. I should play it.
Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
Alright, moving on. DarkSakura.
Oh, it would help if my computer would cooperate with me.
This is happy news, although I don't think that it's nearly long enough.
You know that kid in Canada who did all the swatting stuff?
Yes, I do, because we were talking about that a couple weeks ago on the show, I think.
Yeah, he was a League of Legends player, and he was apparently a member of Lizard Squad, the little hacking group.
Well, I wouldn't say little, more notorious, but he pleaded guilty to over 23 charges of harassment across North America.
And he was sentenced to, let me see, 18 months in jail for this.
So, that's a year and a half, even though, I mean, he caused a lot of problems.
Among the different, what's the word I'm thinking of, the charges were extortion, public mischief, criminal harassment.
He was originally going to face more than 40, and he admitted to targeting more than 30 people in the US and Canada between January and December 2014,
who were mostly women and gamers who would not accept friend requests or follow requests on social media,
and that he had shown a sadistic delight in what he had done.
The charge should have been being a fucking asshole, but the Canadians are too nice.
Targets were in Polk County, Florida, Phoenix, and Tucson, Arizona, four different communities in California, Minnesota, Utah, and a few places in Ohio and Canada.
Don't know specifically where in Canada.
They were looking for a two-year custody and supervision order with 16 months in youth detention.
What he got is, he got technically 16 months in jail and 8 months under supervision, and has been banned from the internet.
Wow. Wow. That takes something to get banned from the entire internet.
That also sounds like something that's impossible to do.
I know, I'm kind of, well, I mean, but if under law, like, that's fascinating.
The Canadian government actually said, you are banned from the internet.
And if he, that could mean if he touches the internet, he goes back to jail.
They probably think that it's going to be for the term of his sentence and probation.
Wow.
The thing is that because he's a minor, they can't release his name under the Youth Criminal Justice Act.
But, you know, someone's going to find out and put that out there.
I hope the parents got a stern talking to.
I hope the parents got worse.
Yeah.
But I just still think that 18 months is light for what he did.
I mean, it could just possibly be stupid teenager not thinking things through, or just being an asshole bully.
But we need to send a message to other people, because it's not like he's the only person that's ever done this, unfortunately.
And we need to send a message that society will not tolerate this bullshit.
Period.
And parents need to educate their kids.
And if your kid is being an asshole, you know, smack them, you know, verbally.
Discipline. Have discipline.
Discipline. Thank you. That's a good way to put it.
All right.
Kind of along those same lines.
Speaking of Lizard Squad, there is another member of Lizard Squad who has been convicted, Julius Kibimaki.
And apparently he's been convicted with 50,000 counts of cybercrime, including harassment, fraud, and data breaches.
And he was a part of the group that took down...
50,000?
50,000.
And he was a part of the group that did DDoS attacks against Xbox Live and PlayStation Network, that took it down during December of last year.
And, you know, ultimately I think he stopped when Kim Dotcom actually bribed them with $300,000 worth of vouchers towards Mega.
And now with this, this basically so far what they've brought up charges against him amounts to two years of a suspended sentence.
But with that, though, there's one of the developers that was actually being targeted by this, John Smedley.
He is...
He's out for blood now, basically.
He's the president of the former Sony Online Air Team president.
And, you know, he was aboard the American Airlines flight when they issued a fake bomb threat.
You know, having his plane turn around because of safety reasons.
Oh, God, I remember that.
That was, oh, that was rude, to say the least.
And, you know, basically he has there's a string of tweets, which I will go ahead and read right now in regards to this.
So that was a piece of garbage.
That was the piece of garbage that brought down my plane, leaked my information, did all kinds of crap to me.
It's important to note he was convicted of crimes that he had nothing to do yet with the PSN DDoS over Christmas.
Yes, he was a part of that.
And he still has 15 other criminal cases awaiting prosecution in Finland.
I may go after his parents in civil court, too, little dirtbag.
So stay tuned because what security, that's his name on Twitter, he's a sociopath and he will get what's coming to him.
What they won't tell you is that he did jail time already and got his ass kicked hard inside.
The FBI nailed this guy, literally, immediately took the Finnish government long to catch up.
Basically, I also got to listen to the entire conversation between him and American Airlines the day he called in the bomb threat.
His parents need to be held accountable for his actions in addition to his going to jail.
So I'm coming for you, Julius.
Wow.
Don't hold back.
Yes.
I mean, how do you like how do you not know what your kid is doing?
I mean, you know, oh, he just committed 50,000 acts of computer espionage and harassment stuff.
Man.
Whatever.
Tigerclaw is pointing out in chat that there's a follow up and it sounds like there was some type of retaliation attack for those tweets.
Just, my God. Garbage. Garbage, garbage, garbage.
Seriously.
All right. Well, let's let's shift gears here significantly.
I want to talk about some more information that's coming out of Comic-Con.
And that is some Street Fighter V news, because, you know, Comic-Con, they do get video game things as well.
And they did announce a new character for Street Fighter V at Comic-Con.
That character is Ken.
So in other news, the pope is Catholic.
Sky is blue.
So they changed his moves.
Yeah, they did.
They've done some changes to Ken a little bit.
Your eye rolling over there. How are you feeling?
Dan's going to be pissed.
Oh, because of the Ken changes?
That's his guy.
Yeah.
Don't worry. They will sell a classic costume pack, I'm sure, for only five dollars.
It doesn't matter the costume. It matters that his move set's different.
That'll be very interesting.
So anyhow, also announced at Comic-Con, there's going to be a crossover comic book, Street Fighter X G.I. Joe.
So, you know, how appropriate that they're actually talking comic books at Comic-Con, but I'm sure that potential's pretty rad there.
But doesn't sound like that's going to have any ultimate impact on the video games.
But there you go.
So Ken is coming to Street Fighter V, but you may not like it.
We'll see when the game goes into beta testing, what, later this month?
Isn't his hair different now, too?
It is. It is.
I mean...
Why'd you mess up his hair?
I also, though, I do understand, like, you can't do the same thing over and over and over. You gotta try something new.
Honestly, back in the Street Fighter II days, it's like, okay, he's just kind of like a... it's another Ryu character.
Right. Yeah, Ryu and Ken were like the same, you know, but different.
Yeah.
Didn't Ryu have a better fireball and then Ken had a better dragon punch?
Yep.
Was that the thing? Yeah.
So...
Alright.
But that's, like, minor.
Alright, let's get to the emails. You guys send us emails every week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email.
And every week you guys send us emails and we read some of our favorites here on the show.
So let's get to the emails. And why, again, do I not have the theme?
I'm like, this is like, what, three weeks in a row now?
I guess I somehow deleted it from the default playlist or something.
How's that possible?
I don't know. Pick something different.
I'll see what I can dig up.
Pick Buffalo.
Or I can dig it up and I can find the theme.
So here it is. Tonight's mailbag.
Oops.
Jeez.
Hello, OLR crew. I probably love the show.
Probably.
You might.
That's what it says. Question.
I think this is the feeling that I'm feeling.
Is Mario real or unreal?
I just want to know if any of you have seen the trailer of Mario running on the Unreal Engine.
Way back on OLR episode 461 during the mailbag segment, DarkStalker demanded that Mario be developed running on the Unreal Engine.
I did.
And now we can see it. Thank you, LoveSam.
I did hear about the Mario in the Unreal Engine demo. I did see that.
Someone recreating Mario 64 in Unreal Engine.
Well, there was that a while ago, but now there's like a new one. There's another like new.
It's like here's Mario and like this. We set him up like that.
You know, Mario 64 engine type stuff, but he's just right through random scenes.
Hold on, because there's something else that concerns me about this email.
I'm sorry. What episode number did they say you requested this in?
461.
Do you know how? We're on episode 605. So 461 would have been like three years ago.
How did you know that?
No, I think that's awesome. I'm just I just I don't know how I will do this way in a good way.
I am blown away and I'm obscenely flattered that many of our listeners out there know this show better than I do.
I don't know.
Granted, every show is out there on the I mean, I think still every show for the past like five years is available on orange.com.
We haven't deleted anything. We did have to purge at one point several years ago.
But even the oldest shows like you go into chat and ask dark Tetsuya where the old shows,
because there's this whole like virtual drive set up that you can log into and there's like all these old shows.
So I know there's like really dedicated people out there that listen to like multiple episodes of O.L.R.
a week. And I, I, I'm always like deeply flattered by that because I don't think I could listen to that much O.L.R.
I can't listen to any of my voice.
Oh, I don't. Yeah. I mean, I when I listen to the old episodes, I'm a little critical, like, oh, God, we were such a hot mess.
But, you know, I also kind of go were we true.
We learned just a hot mess with better shoes. We learned we learned from it all.
We really do. So anyway, I love it.
Last email. Hello. Smiley face.
Firstly, did you know? Oh, God, please spelling. Did you know that there is to be a film sequel to American McGee's Alice Madness Returns called Alice Otherlands?
But no third game. Alice the Madness Returns was the second game in the series.
That was awesome. My husband did ask Mr. McGee if there would be a third game.
And he said there weren't any plans. But we. But if we won it, let you know.
Any ideas? No, I never played the first one, so I wasn't too into it.
Yeah, I'm a little out of the loop, admittedly, on the Alice games, you know, because just I don't have enough time in the week to play everything that's out.
But I remember when Alice Madness Returns came out, because that was a pretty big deal, because that came out quite a few years after the original.
And it was on PlayStation three and Xbox 360.
And that was like 10 years after the first one. And it's a very stylistic kind of game.
So maybe if you wait another 10 years, there'll be a third game in the Alice series.
But, yeah, no, they American McGee's gone on record saying that they've always envisioned it as a trilogy and that they do have a story available for a third game.
But only if, you know, the audience basically demands it, because I know the second game was not incredibly well reviewed.
It was kind of lukewarm. But, you know, not that reviews are everything. It's really about sales.
I have friends that are really into the series and the mythology around it. Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. This desk is broken. I have to fix it. That's all.
Okay. Maybe it's time for an Ikea trip.
Maybe it is. But, yeah, it's pretty. I like the scenery in it. It just, I wasn't really doing a lot of PC gaming when it came out.
So, no.
Fifth Dream says Kickstarted it. It's about to come out a series of animated shorts.
He can't get the rights from EA, but he has the movie rights.
I was going to say he should just go to Kickstarter, but aha, that's right.
EA put out that second game. They're probably sitting on the rights and don't want to do it.
I know.
Secondly, I wanted to let you know about a game I found on the Steam sale a few weeks back called Parcel.
It's a puzzle game where you need to get a Parcel box and one or more characters from one place across the stream to somewhere else through laser obstacles.
The Parcel box can be used to block the lasers so the character can get past them.
There are several different areas, each with a number of levels, and each area has a new character that interacts with the box in a different way.
It is well structured with very easy tutorial levels to really quite hard levels in each area.
I have been stuck several times. Stuck now.
The problem is that their advertising sucks and I don't think many people have found it, which also means there isn't much help when you can't work it out.
Fortunately, you don't have to complete every level to move on. I may need to skip the current one.
Anyway, I think this is a great game that deserves a mention. Hopefully more people will find it and work out what I can't.
Thanks for being a great show to entertain me on a Monday morning. Kitten Poker.
You're welcome. Wow, that's like two new names I don't totally recognize this week in the email bags.
I think Kitten Poker is from the UK.
Well, thank you all for emailing us. It's really awesome.
I know I've seen it somewhere before, probably just flipping through stuff on Steam. Maybe I'll go check it out. I like a good puzzle game.
Paging Raginator because he knows a lot about those Steam games. I don't know if he's played Parcel.
No, I had not heard of it, but I will have to browse Steam and look up more information on that.
I appreciate heads up from listeners because there's so much out there, especially on Steam and the mobile stores, Google Play and iPhone.
There's so much out there that, without recommendations, it's hard to sort through it all.
Keep us in the loop.
Alright, participate at orangelaungerator.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
Now it is time to get to the FUs of the week. Why? Because angst and stuff.
FU goes towards managing FMLA stuff. That's it.
FU to my game because the whole concept they came up with originally about it being a broken game and stuff.
Fortunately, I've seen it done elsewhere now. They have this new game that just released that actually looks really awesome at this point.
It's a different genre altogether, but the way they handled it being a broken game is pretty hilarious.
But yeah, unfortunately, mine's not up to that level yet, but that's fine.
FU to the fact that I have to get up really early again tomorrow. I've been having to do the early stuff a lot lately and I'm not a morning person.
FU to morning people. I don't know how you do it. You must have lots of donuts and coffees. I think that's the only way I could do it.
Red Bull. That's the only way I stay awake in the morning.
No, I can't do Red Bull.
I stay up late. Lately though, I've been just working on stuff and I literally fall asleep while I'm working on stuff. That's how old I'm getting.
Rama in chat says, my new job has me up at 5 a.m. I feel you. And that's like 2 a.m. my time. I don't even know how you do it. How are you listening to this show right now?
I mean, thank you, but oh my God.
Yeah, my new job does that to me too. It's called Kids.
Oh my God. No, no, no.
And people wonder why I don't want to.
Yeah, right? I'm like, no, no, no. The cat's bad enough. The cat gets us up every morning now at 6 o'clock. She's throwing herself against the door now if she can't get in.
You know what?
What?
Dan feeds Midna in the morning.
Well, yeah, Alan will get up and go feed Sanrio.
I won't hear a thing.
Well, I sleep with earplugs on just so I don't have to hear that or anything.
White noise machine is what you need.
We have a fan that makes white noise.
Oh, we didn't even want to...
Technically, fans typically make brown noise. It's a lower frequency.
I don't want brown noise in the bedroom.
White noise is usually high pitched.
Well, whatever we have. We have the sound of a box fan. It's an 11 hour MP3 that I have playing through a set of computer speakers with a subwoofer.
And we play it for my kid to stay asleep. And it's fantastic. There's so much white noise in my house.
Is it box fantastic?
It's box fantastic, yeah. But it's just like, it's so relaxing. Except my wife hates it.
I just don't want the brown note when I try to sleep, because I have a nice bed. I don't want to ruin it.
There's no such thing as a brown note. They've already busted that myth.
At any rate...
On the last episode of OLR, we will play the brown note. That'll be how we go out.
I have an air filter in our room. And it does pretty well for us.
Yeah, that's what my son uses. My other son, he has a...
And honestly enough, Midna doesn't whine or paw at the door, but she will try to get into bed and sleep with me.
Because they go fucking crazy for that shit. My cat was whining at me for Saffa. I'm like, Saffa's right there on the floor.
You just ate some a second ago. What the hell you want?
Midna gets crunchy, grain-free cat food.
Alright, Brad is complaining that that would be a shitty way to go out on our last episode.
Our last episode is going to be...
We'll play a note so epic that shit will fly out of your ass.
Much like Mentos causes dipepsy to fly out of the bottles.
No, I think in reality I just want to play Porky Pig at the end.
That's all, folks. That's it.
And they copyright strike by Warner Brothers.
Alright, let's get to it. Some more news.
And then Skype Line is going to open up at 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, Loki.
But first, let's talk about Nintendo again.
And Animal Crossing.
You may remember that the next couple Animal Crossing games are quite up to the level standards that we're kind of used to as far as an Animal Crossing game.
We kind of think, okay, you're supposed to build a town, pay off that goddamn loan from Tom Nook, and then the mortgage never ends because you're always doing improvements and shit like that.
And there's all these townsfolk that piss you off.
But now they have this board game thing and some house designer thing that's going to be super expensive.
So you're going, why did they even make these games in the first place?
Well, here's why.
Initially, when the Amiibo was announced, there was nothing really to be said about Animal Crossing Amiibos or any of the plans for that matter.
But, as Animal Crossing team, we were confident that if there was one, it would be really cute.
And honestly, we just wanted Animal Crossing Amiibo.
We wanted the company to make Animal Crossing Amiibos, so that's why we made a game that works with them.
So you put that shit together just to make some fucking Amiibos for Animal Crossing.
You could have put a little bit more effort into that.
This is why I'm really worried the bubble's about to burst on Amiibo.
Things like that where it's just not even about the game anymore.
It's like you could have said, oh, well, we just wanted to put a...
That's why we made our Animal Crossing game that's super fucking awesome support Amiibo in this really unique way.
No one said they took these away and, eh, we just kind of pieced together something that uses Amiibos.
Because that's the only way we get Animal Crossing Amiibos.
Alright. I got nothing. I'm not pre-ordering that game. That's all I have to say on that.
I do want that NES sprite Mario thing, though, which will probably do something in Mario Maker.
That I do want, but...
It would be cool if it unlocked, like, the first Mario game or something.
Or, hey, if we're feeling really generous, the first, second, third, maybe lost levels, and Super Mario World games.
Well, I think... I don't know if the original levels are in there, but...
You know, like, the template for Mario Bros. 1 and Mario World, that's all in there, so...
That'll be interesting.
I do kind of want that game.
YYR says the Mario sprite Amiibo will likely be exclusive to eight Best Buy locations.
Bite your tongue.
I'm sorry, eight GameStop locations.
And there will only be eight of them in each location.
Anyhow, all that aside, last week we had some laughs during a segment called Match Game, right?
And the epic question had to do with Splatoon's Splatfest.
And I'll just leave it to you to go back and listen to last week's show.
That's all I'm going to say.
However, we also got into it a little bit.
ActDeaf and I may have had some words about Team Cat versus Team Dog.
So we talked about what should the next Splatfest be.
Well, clearly, the powers that be at Nintendo right now, the powers that be decided something different.
They were not listening to the show.
And they have announced what the next Splatfest theme will be.
So on July 17th, which is when the next Splatfest will be from 9 p.m. Pacific time to July 18th at 9 p.m. Pacific time,
it will be Team Roller Coasters versus Team Water Slides.
Not water sports, people.
Water Slides.
Roller Coasters and Water Slides.
How does Roller Coasters not win this?
Especially when you know that it's based on participation as well.
Aren't Water Slides roller coasters?
I mean, technically, I guess not.
But I sort of see Water Slides as just roller coasters where you're the vehicle.
It's as easy.
Water Slides, you got to walk your ass up to the top of that water slide.
It's involving waiting lines and shit like that.
That's fucking effort.
Roller Coaster does a lot of shit for you.
There's no fucking walking to the top of the hill.
That's what the chain's for.
Or even now, it's magnets.
How do they work?
It's all magnets now.
Exactly.
If you ride a California Xtreme or the Roller Coasters.
Now, you showed me a water park that has an elevator that goes up to the top.
Maybe on even playing field here.
But so far, they're not willing to install that kind of shit.
I like the Water Slides where you get to the top and you're standing on the thing and then they pull the lever.
Pull the lever. Wrong lever.
And then you fall.
So, awesome.
Anyhow, actually, what team is Deft on?
Because I'm going to be on the other team.
I'm just kidding.
No, Deft has already proclaimed Team Roller Coaster.
I think we can agree.
We can agree on that one, Team Roller Coaster.
So, I'm going to do that one.
I mean, they have Roller Coaster of Love.
Do they have any sort of water slide songs?
No.
Let's see, SSG100Matt says there's water slides where water jets push you up hills.
Really?
Yeah. And you know where they got the idea from?
Roller Coasters.
They actually do have the water jet ones over at Sunsplash over here.
I've never been to Sunsplash. I feel too old.
Who wants to see this old fat man at the water?
But granted, there's probably a ton of them.
It's Golf Land Sunsplash already, so whatever.
Alright, 1877GameOLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you have something you'd like to talk about tonight, please give us a call.
We will chat about whatever is on your mind tonight.
That's 1877GameOLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Meanwhile, while we wait, do you have any last minute stories?
No, but I'd like to mention though, since it hasn't been mentioned, that Ernie Cline's new book comes out this week, Armada.
Which is sort of kind of based off of Last Starfighter.
So, if you're into that whole 80's homage crap, then you might want to check that out.
Alright, I have a call on the line waiting, sorry. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
This is YYR.
Hey, YYR, buddy. How you doing?
Oh, not too bad, not too bad. Managed to survive.
We just went through all the trash in our apartment building.
Our landlord was like, you're keeping too much stuff in the garage to all the residents of this building.
And he was basically like, get it out now.
Which makes the job of going through the trash much more difficult and time consuming.
But we survived.
You did it.
Just imagine that you're playing the old Nickelodeon game show, Finders Keepers.
Which the whole object was to dig through the trash.
Oh, but you don't want to keep any of this stuff.
That's true.
Trust me.
Well, what's on your mind, my friend?
Well, actually, I just called because I wanted to mention something that, a new story that I thought was very interesting.
But if you look at all the major gaming sites, they basically don't talk about it at all.
And basically what this is, is there's a site out there, it's called rollolo.net.
And these people, honestly, I don't know what the heck the site is for.
But there's this one guy on there and his name is Yifan Lu.
And he announced a couple of months ago that there's an exploit for the PlayStation Vita and TV.
Because it's essentially a PlayStation Vita.
That is forthcoming and will allow people to play homebrew.
You know, some sort of exploit, hack, whatever.
That, you know, it's already been possible to run PSP homebrew on Vita.
Because there's essentially a PSP in the Vita.
But native actual Vita homebrew hadn't been possible up until now.
And basically he said, this involves PlayStation Mobile.
So you really should sign up to be a PlayStation Mobile developer.
And specifically he also mentioned the PlayStation Mobile Development Assistant.
And said that we should all download it and further details are forthcoming.
So back on June 14th, he announced Rejuvenate.
Which was basically his name for this development kit and exploit allowing native homebrew on Vita.
And, you know, he explained how it directly involves the development assistant.
And then I guess Sony just kind of shit a brick and said, oh god, oh god, what do we do now?
So eight days later, on the 22nd of June, Sony posted an announcement on the PlayStation Mobile site.
And mind you, right before this happened, I submitted an update to Pixel Poops.
Which went through and is for sale.
It just makes the game a little easier.
The joggers don't cross the Taco Bell rows and columns before a certain point.
And then, you know, they don't cross the Taco Bell eating space until a little after that.
I thought you had to give it a different name.
I thought it was a different name.
I thought you had to give it a different name to avoid copyright issues.
Is it like Taco Place or something? I don't know.
Oh, actually I don't name it at all within the game.
It's just assumed that it's Taco Bell.
Alright, fair enough.
So anyway, the announcement that Sony posted on a page, I think this is pretty interesting.
It says, it's titled, please stop using and delete PSM development assistant.
And they say, a software issue was found in the development assistant.
For those developers using it, we kindly ask you to stop using the application and delete it from your PlayStation Vita.
We appreciate your understanding and cooperation.
I need to go download this and sign up.
If you go to the PlayStation dev portal, which is at PSM.PlayStation.net,
in the bottom left corner you'll see there's like recent announcements and that's right at the top.
Does it cost anything to sign up for a dev kit?
It's been a while since I watched PushyPixels and their whole team in Cooking Unity sign up on that.
I just don't remember if it costs anything to sign up as a PlayStation dev.
Well you know what, it's too late now anyway. They're not accepting Play...
Because PlayStation Mobile is shutting down sales in three days anyway.
So it's too late for that now.
But here's the thing, the development assistant was actually necessary to test things out on the Vita before you try to release.
So basically from that day forward, two days after that on the 24th, they released a new firmware for the Vita, 3.52.
And the sole change was they plugged the hole and they basically stopped the dev assistant from working because it requires the latest firmware.
So now there's absolutely no way to test your things on Vita.
So anyone who was trying to get an update through at the last second, they basically were screwed.
Oh my gosh.
And meanwhile, they posted an update on this WoLolo.net saying, well, Sony didn't take kindly to what we were doing, so if you want to be able to run Homebrew on your Vita at some point, do not update past 3.51.
And it's still in beta, but they're going to be announcing more details soon.
But if you actually want to use your Vita to play current games and play online or do whatever, then it's just like the previous gen consoles, you have to make a choice.
Do you want to use it for hacks or do you want to use it for games?
I would have still thought that they would try to somehow transition this a little better.
You know, there's people out there that want to develop, that want to do things on the Vita, and the Vita kind of needs a little love.
I hope they do come up with something to roll it right over onto the Vita.
I hope they do something to replace that or even have it just as easy to do that for PlayStation 4.
I mean, I understand they don't want it to turn out to be some sort of Xbox Indies or whatever where there's a ton of stuff on there.
I actually kind of don't care about that.
From what I've heard, there was a little bit of a developer backlash when Xbox Indies came out and they're like,
Well, you know, we pay a lot of money and we put a lot of effort into releasing games on console and now you have these people and they can just release games on the console with very little expense and very little effort.
So I think there was some kind of pushback and that's why I think maybe Xbox Live indie games aren't going to be part of the backwards compatibility on one.
Man, too bad. I'm sorry that they're upset that their games are competing against other things.
I mean, a lot of them aren't selling as well as an Xbox Live arcade game. Plus, the exposure wasn't as good.
They're behind another curtain. A lot of people always said the indie games weren't really ever featured. They were hard to find stuff. So, I don't know. Anyway.
Well, YYR, I appreciate you bringing this to the forefront, especially if other places aren't covering it. I think it's good to know.
I'm sorry to hear that mobile is going to be taking its last breath in a couple days here.
God, I've got to download that game quickly.
Yeah, you better get on it.
If you already downloaded something, you'll be able to re-download it until, I believe, mid-August.
I've got to do it tonight then.
Or was it September? I can't remember. It's on the site. And then after that, you won't be able to re-download. You won't be able to do anything. It's all gone.
I was backing up to my PC or something.
Fifth Dream says, I couldn't find Pixel Poops. Quickly, for the Monday crowd hearing this and for our live crowd, how can you find Pixel Poops easy?
You can't do it from the web store. It's not accessible there. PlayStation Store on the web, PlayStation Mobile is invisible.
You have to go on the Vita or PlayStation TV itself, go into the PlayStation Store, and then along the top you'll see a few tabs.
The rightmost one is PlayStation Mobile. If you go there and then you click on New Releases, you'll find it somewhere towards the top.
Alright.
And I appreciate anyone who goes and decides to spend the 79 cents on it. Thank you. I'll be about 49 cents a day when they pay me in November.
I'm glad we could at least hopefully get you a beer out of this.
That would be fantastic. And whoever bought it, if I see you in person, maybe I'll treat you to 49 cents out of a beer also.
There it goes. There it goes. I love it. Alright. Alright, have a good one my friend. You take care.
Have a great week.
Alright.
Take care.
Bye bye now.
Alright, phone lines are lighting up over at 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio, but we have another call right now. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey guys, it's Jason.
Hey Jason. How you doing?
Doing pretty good yourself.
Good. Sorry we missed you in the intro tonight, but you know, we had the rough news at the top of the show, but I'm glad we can hear from you now.
Completely understandable. Besides, I just kind of have to get my 13 seconds in, so bye guys.
Ah, stop. Stop. What's on your mind tonight?
I just wanted to drop two little trivia bombs that were touched on in some of the nostalgia, but didn't really go anywhere that kind of caught my ear.
Please.
You pointed out to Loki, he was talking about Takeshi's Castle game and MXC as we know it in America, and you said that it did exist.
I don't know how many people know this, but Takeshi's Castle, I assume emulators have evolved since I first tried to play it, but I actually got a hold of a ROM for that and tried playing it in the late 90s, early 2000s, and nothing was working, and me and my friend were just completely stumped.
Fast forward a couple of years later in just complete and total circumstance, Takeshi's Castle was a game that required the second player Famicom controller because of the microphone.
It was a game that took place entirely by song, rhythm, and pitch. I don't even know how detailed those microphones were back in the day, but it's something that you had to sing.
My understanding is basically something along the lines of Japanese folk songs in order to progress your character through the game.
And so as it comes to emulators that would have implemented support for that kind of thing back in the day, as far as I was aware, that was practically non-existent.
Yeah, you're right, because those microphones were used in some other crazy things too, but one of the other well-known ones is Legend of Zelda. There's the pole's voice or whatever they were called.
You were supposed to be able to stun them or kill them or something by using the microphone. When they ported it over to the US, you didn't have that at all, so I think it's just used an arrow to kill them or something a little simpler.
Yeah, definitely a lot more rudimentary for the American crowd. Fun bout of trivia. The other one is that I know the connotation, I think also something that Loki pointed out.
The connotation was something that you could do playing in your home since cameras are evolving so much as they are, but he brought up a Nick arcade game that you could actually play.
I'm not fairly certain. I know it was covered on this show. Did anybody ever pay attention to the Nth level Kickstarter?
Was that the one where they were trying to bring back the show?
Yep.
Yeah, I do remember talking about it. I feel like it might have been a rapid fire thing, because usually unless we have the Kickstarter person on the show, we don't spend a lot of time about Kickstarters.
Unless it's really huge, like blood stained or whatever. But yeah, I feel like we addressed it briefly on the show. I remember hearing about it. Did they ever make the money?
No. Nth level was asking for something, I think it was either $300,000 or $400,000 or something along those lines, and they only got backed for like $30,000. So they didn't even get to six figures, not even close to even half back or anything like that.
Yikes.
Yeah.
But that was more to bring back the show, not to make an actual game of it, right?
Correct. It is to do the show as a production with the original cast. I mean, Kickstarter has all of their projects up, so you can still go search for ENTH level and still see everything that they were bringing together, which sounded pretty solid and may still happen if they get funding otherwise.
It just may not be as, you know, backer, consumer oriented as the show may have been with individual contributors' money.
Yeah, Estes Show and her mat actually dug up that Kickstarter and linked it in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. They made $30,000, they made $3,000.
Oh, Jesus. Even I screwed up until wow.
Yeah, I mean, it's just, I think it was a hard thing to probably get, you know, a lot of people want to preorder the game or, you know, they usually get a tangible reward, and I think that's really hard to do with a TV show.
Oh, yeah.
And, you know, what were they giving away? For $5 wallpaper, for $10, the access to Facebook and Google groups and all this, you know, you didn't really get a lot of like really tangible stuff until you were talking a lot of money.
Like a guaranteed contestant spot or something like that probably would have really driven the point home.
Yeah.
Of course, the problem is that you probably still slanted towards like pre-teens and teens and not exactly the child in all of us today with fond memories of that show and the games and sports and all that kind of stuff.
Exactly. Well, all right. Well, maybe we'll see video game game shows make a comeback in another fashion one way or another.
That'd be nice.
I would think with the cameras being a thing, there ought to be a way through PlayStation or Microsoft or even maybe who knows what Nintendo has in store where I can do something in my living room and somebody else can see it.
And like, you know, 1 versus 100, again, a game that's hugely ahead of its time because you could have somebody that's actually playing that game live in front of all these other people.
Now, granted, you didn't see them on the camera, but what they were doing was influencing the game for the thousands of people that were playing along.
I think it's a little funny that you're talking hypotheticals like this when you yourself have been in the situation to be able to interview a celebrity just with a webcam and headset.
True.
And the sheer number like I seem to remember that even like ESPN will Skype in sports, sports, celebrity sports stars and all those kinds of things because, you know, fuck the improbability of a satellite link with inherent delays and all of that other nonsense.
Talk to somebody on Skype, Google Hangouts, anything and the connectedness of near real time communication from from site to site, even across the world is fucking magnificent today.
That's that's very true. And, you know, you reference the whole like interviewing celebrity and it was on my Twitter. So, I mean, it was it was the Huffington Post that did it.
And they actually found me through Twitter because I had tweeted about the celebrity and they they contacted me and they asked me to do the interview thing.
And so they had me, I think, on Google Plus and they had this other girl who is a fan on Skype. And so they were.
Yeah, we and it was like we were part of that because they basically run a TV network. It's just all online.
We were a part of that TV network through Skype.
Exactly. Yeah, it's kind of crazy. Anyway. All right, my friend, I'm gonna let you go because our phone's been lighting up tonight, but good to hear from you as always.
As always. Thanks, guys.
Take care, my friend. Bye bye.
Bye.
All right. My God, the phones tonight. I'll try to squeeze in a couple more calls. I see a few coming in, so I want to I want to try and get them all.
Hi, on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, everyone. It's Rama.
Hey, Rama. I love this. You're wearing your Luigi hat in tribute, I assume. Black Luigi tonight.
And your shirt.
And the matching shirt.
The L does not stand for loser. I love it. What's on your mind, my friend?
I'm just kind of at a loss of words because I'm just thinking about all the good times I had playing Nintendo growing up and my cousin coming over.
We would sit there and play. See, what will we play? Play the Goonies, Gradius, Contra, all the great ones, you know?
Oh, yeah. I mean, it's just it's just a huge like reality check about mortality and all that.
I don't want to go too dark on the show, but, you know, it's just like it is a huge reality check for a lot of us that like, oh, my God, like we're all getting older.
And I get that. I do have like one more quick memory to actually have a bit of news that I think everyone would like to hear.
I remember growing up, I spent my time between my parents house and my great grandmother's house and then back and forth, I would take my Nintendo.
And what was awesome was my mother had a big screen, 32 inch floor model TV.
I remember staying at her place for the summer and Super Mario Brothers 3 just had happened to come out.
Oh, boy.
I think you know where I spent most of my summertime.
Heck, yeah.
Yes.
In that world four where all the monsters were huge and it just blew our minds like, oh, my God, huge goombas and Koopas.
You know, I didn't discover world four later because I end up more or less short cutting through it half the time.
But then I went back and started going through it.
I was just like, oh, I missed all of this.
Let me get through this real quick, you know?
Nice.
When was the last time you played Super Mario Brothers 3 all the way through without warping?
Um, God, it's been so long and the actual I think the cartridge is actually sitting on my shelf back there.
Yes, it is.
But I have this like wish list of things I want to live stream someday, you know, when I have a rainy day because I'm not six months behind on any live stream projects or anything.
But I will say this much.
I have actually sat down with Super Mario World because my old roommate and I talked about how he had the highest score in the house and no one could beat him.
Got up one Saturday morning, put on a pot of coffee, pop the game in.
I went through every single level, opened up the star road, went through a special zone, went through every single level, beat the game.
And the best part is he was just coming in from work as I finished the game and he just saw my final score.
I just looked at him, put the controller down and goes, your turn.
I love it. Oh man, Super Mario World. How cool was that?
Not only did they have that star world where, you know, it was kind of like a warp zone of sorts, right?
But then they had that super secret one where you had all the gnarly, cool, awesome, basically asshole Mario stages but not quite that big of an asshole.
Like, you know, Canadian level asshole. You're not that big of an asshole. You're just kind of an asshole.
And if you didn't touch the level, if you let it sit there, I think for about two minutes it will play an updated version of the Super Mario Brothers theme.
Hmm. That's right. You would leave it there forever. Yes, I remember that. It's crazy.
All right. Warama, my friend, thank you for the memories. I appreciate them tonight.
Take care and anime jam session, of course, Tuesday nights here on the network.
But I never gave you my news.
Oh, yeah, yeah. What's up?
Okay. There is an upcoming anime convention in New York City coming up called Waku Waku and they're having a variety of Japanese guests there.
One of the guests that they have announced is Keiji Inafune.
Nice.
And they are selling VIP tickets and if you purchase one of these VIP tickets, you will get to play Mighty No. 9 with the man.
That's awesome. Oh, man, I wish I didn't already have a bunch of travel set for the year.
I'm really overdue for a trip to New York. I'd love to come hang.
But I'm going to have to figure out, like, when I finally do have the money to come out to New York and the time, when a good time for me to do it.
Because I've got to come out for a con or something. I've got to do it the right way, right?
Well, I am switching jobs soon, but I will say this much. Just give me three weeks notice.
I can do that. I'd need that much notice for myself, so, yeah.
All right. All right, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you so much.
No problem, y'all. Take care.
You, too. Bye.
Bye.
All right, 1877 Game O.L.R. using him on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, and again, they're just coming in back to back tonight, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdef.
Hey, Akdef, my friend. How are you?
Really great, especially since you're now considered the best team, to pick the best team in Splatoon.
I've finally seen the lights.
Because roller coasters are way better than water slides, and it's also as awesome as dogs.
Also, water slides are only good for, like, a few months out of the year, whereas roller coasters, man, you can enjoy those any time of the year.
Yeah, that's what I tweeted that exact thing a few days ago, that, oh, my God, who could vote about, who could vote water slides, because, yeah, that's only in the summer.
Roller coasters are available all the year.
That's right.
All year long.
Unless you unfortunately live by one of those theme parks that closes in the winter, like they do in the Northeast, but, see, in California, you know, a place like Magic Mountain, they don't ever close.
I don't know why you would close in the winter, either, because apparently the winter air is supposed to be, like, the perfect, you know, the air pressure is the perfect density for roller coaster riding.
Well, you know, riding a roller coaster in the snow isn't that much fun.
Whatever.
Or safe.
Yeah, probably.
Safe.
Uh, yeah.
Good times, good times.
But, yeah, I wanted to talk about the, well, the death of history water.
Of course.
It really, it really, it was shocking news.
I was on an amiibo event today that I helped organize, and we were having a lot of fun.
We were having a training day, basically, for people that were new to the amiibos and all that stuff.
And, yeah, that's surprising that we heard the news, and I was like, nah, not really?
I couldn't believe it at first, then I checked my Facebook, I checked Twitter, and, yeah, all the news was freaking out, and it was pretty shocking.
Though, it was pretty cool that everyone kept playing.
We all kept playing, we all kept training our amiibos and all that stuff.
And...
Well, yeah, I mean, Mr. Iwata loved to make games for people to play, and enjoyed seeing people having fun.
So, I don't think he would want us to sit around, you know, boo-hooing what's happened.
You know, we've had our moment, now let's go play some games.
I think that's what Iwata truly would want.
Yeah, and it was organized in a local gaming cafe, so.
In one room we had little Smash Brothers, in another one they had Star Fox on the Super Nintendo.
So it was pretty cool that, even though it was a sad thing to hear, and it still is, that everyone still enjoyed and reminisces about how great the man was.
Because, really, even though he, you can't blame him for mistakes that Nintendo has done in the past, but still, he was a really, really great man.
Really great designer, programmer, and a pretty good person overall.
Everybody makes mistakes. We make mistakes.
And, you know, when it comes to, you know, gaming culture and a lot of the stuff we've covered on this show, like, let's not forget.
You know, nine, eight, nine years ago, we would razz Sony every single week for something that came out of their mouths.
You know, when that PlayStation 3 was first announced.
And my how times can change, you know?
So, you know, even though we've certainly said some critical things about Nintendo, and I'm not going to try to hide that or sweep that under the rug with the news that's been going on.
I just, you know, reiterate that comes from a place of fandom and respect and wanting to see the very best.
And sometimes not always feeling like they're on a course for the best.
But, anyway, just reiterating that.
Yeah. And, yeah, also in respect to Iwata, I'm renaming my curvy amiibo to Iwata.
Just for respect and admiration for the guy.
Like I said, he was a great person, a great developer, programmer.
So, yeah, that's the least I can do in terms of what paying respects it can be.
I think that's a great gesture.
All right. All right, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can start to wrap up.
But thank you so much for the call.
Hey, thanks for having me.
All right. Take care, my friend.
1877 game OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I'm going to see if we can squeeze in one more call.
But that's the first call I've hung up and there hasn't immediately been something else on the line.
So I think we are starting to wrap up.
But I'll give it one more shout out.
1877 game OLR, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I already checked in with you, Loki.
You say you didn't have any last minute stories, right?
No, I didn't see anything.
I did have something I wanted to address because I know when I was looking at all the potential stories for tonight,
there was a few things we just didn't have time for.
One of them was the news about Crypt of the NecroDancer, apparently, is coming to the PlayStation 4.
That'd be cool.
Yeah, that is pretty awesome.
That's a fun game.
So that's coming to there and the Vita as well, actually, coming out there as well.
Let's see.
Also, Yoshinori Ono revealed a Brazil stage in Street Fighter V.
And there will also be another upcoming character announcement.
So talking some more about some of the stages there in the game.
So I think that's kind of cool.
And then Google Japan did a WarioWare-esque minigame around Godzilla and Ultraman in kind of a celebration of that.
So there you go.
Fifth Dream in our chatroom over at live.vognetware.com says Hatiful Boyfriend on PS4 has a new path.
Well, Hatiful Boyfriend on PS4 is coming out really soon, isn't it?
We're getting a lot of stuff this week.
I think it's coming out soon. I'm not sure when.
I think it's this month.
Very cool.
All right.
Well, it sounds like no other calls are coming in.
So we're going to go ahead and close up the Skype line.
But, hey, if you want to call us in a future week, get us added on Skype.
Orange, Laundry, all one word.
If you want to connect with us another way, you can always send us a tweet.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Or you can hit us up on Facebook as well.
And, of course, we love emails, especially the fact we heard from some new people this week.
I love hearing from the vets, too, and the people that email us regularly.
But I really love to hear from new people.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
If you've been listening for, like, three years and you've never sent us an email, come on, do it this week.
Do it this week.
Share with us a Nintendo memory.
We've been having a lot of reminiscing this week, and I'd love to hear some more because, you know,
video games have impacted all of us in one way or another, or I don't think you'd be here listening to this program.
So there you go.
Anyhow, that's about going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
As I say at the end of every week's episode, you know, if you enjoyed what you heard on the show,
please consider giving us a nice review on iTunes or Stitcher Radio.
Those five-star reviews go a long way.
With so, so, so many things out there that people can choose to pick from, it's sometimes hard to be noticed.
So all we ask, tell a friend or five or several about the show and help spread the word about our little show
where every gamer has a voice.
Support independent broadcasting.
You know, we've got a lot of friends at the Voice Geeks Network, vog and network.com,
that also work very hard on their shows and what they do.
So check them out.
Really appreciate it.
All right.
It's time to wrap up.
Go around and get everybody's final thought for the night as we exit from this very, very somber show tonight.
But we've had some good, I'm glad we've had some good laughs in spite of all the not-so-hilarious things that have happened today.
Going around and get everybody's final thought tonight.
Dark Sakura, your final thought tonight?
I need luck.
My final thought is I'm going to go rub Dark Sakura for good luck.
No.
Rub, rub, rub.
Last but not least, Loki.
I don't know.
I don't have to answer the phones for two weeks.
Vacation.
That's not vacation.
Training.
All right.
That's it.
That's going to do it for another episode of the show.
Thank you so much for listening to the show.
We really appreciate it.
And I don't know what else to say.
It's been a really crazy day.
But, you know, go play some games.
That's what it's all about.
Have fun.
Stop being a jerk to each other online.
Although I don't think anybody listens to this show as a jerk.
But just in general, if you know jerks, tell them to stop being such.
And that's it.
Have fun.
That's what it's all about.
Iwata wanted us to have fun, so go have fun.
Have a good night.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
