This week, the crowdfunding train rolls on with news of everything from campaigns getting
a physical release to indie hopefuls backing down from their labor of love.
For now, we're bringing you all the details in a game of our very own, and it all starts
right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 604, July the 5th of 2015.
Hope you all had a happy July 4th weekend if you're here in the States.
If you are up in Canada, then I hope you all had a great Canada Day.
If you're somewhere else in the world, well, I hope you had a good week.
My name is Rob Roberts here in studio to talk games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle
with my co-host, say hello first off to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
And is that your final word on the matter?
No.
How are you, Jamie?
I'm okay.
Good, good.
Just okay.
Yeah, I was going to go get milk tea, and their credit card machine's been broken for
three months, and I still haven't fixed it, and I'm like, but I want milk tea.
What place is this?
It's the tea culture place that I go to.
Oh, it must be.
It's like on-
I was like, what kind of place does-
Florin whatever the hell that turns into Twat Avenue.
I was like, what kind of place doesn't get their little credit thing fixed?
It's crazy.
It's a tile.
Fix your tile.
Anyway, I was going to say, you know where I went today.
You always talk about this place here locally.
We're going to talk locally for a minute, so you all deal with this.
But I'm sure you have one of these in your town somewhere.
Alan and I finally went over to the International Market in Rancho Cordova.
We hadn't been there.
I don't think I've ever been there.
Well, okay.
I remember when it was just a little Asian grocery store, but at some point, it absorbed
the Albertsons or whatever it was that used to be next to it, and now it's a mega store
of international stuff.
And I was going to bring green tea Kit Kat to the show because they have the flavored
Kit Kats and stuff, and I was like, nah.
I still visit Oto's as well.
I like candy.
Probably a bad idea.
I don't know.
Matcha Kit Kats, pretty bomb.
They only had green tea and dark chocolate, but still, you don't see the other flavors
in the States ever.
You know what they get at Oto's though?
They have the cookies and cream Oreo soft cookies.
That sounds real good.
Mm-hmm.
Real good.
All right.
Oh, they have matcha Oreos too.
Well, we're talking about food before we talk about video games, so it must be a good time
to introduce us.
Well, Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Have you been to the International Market?
Yeah.
Yeah?
There's some good stuff over there.
All sorts of things.
I don't know.
I guess maybe one of these days I'll load us up on candy and bring it to the show.
What I was trying to find over in the ... They had a Japanese candy aisle, and I was trying
to find some of the stuff that Akuma JP sent us in the care package a while ago.
I did find Hello Kitty marshmallows, and I almost bought those, but I didn't want to
walk up to the checkout and just be like, hi, I just want to buy these Hello Kitty marshmallows
because then I'm kind of creepy.
Let's be real.
You would not be the first.
They don't care.
I would not be the first to only buy Hello Kitty marshmallows at the grocery store?
I did have my Japanese food experience today because I found a place near my house that
does curry rice.
On top of that, they did karaoke curry rice.
Nice.
I was happy.
Nom, nom, nom.
All right.
It's like my ...
Lots of food talk.
Yes, I did say Twat Avenue.
It's what, but ...
Hey, if you want to join us and comment on the show, and Dark Sakura will randomly respond
to you as she just did, you can participate with us live every Sunday night at the Voice
of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the
Bobby Black Wolf show.
If you are listening live, join us and chat, live.vognetwork.com, who Tigerclaw, taking
the opportunity because I brought up Hello Kitty, Tigerclaw bouncing in with the opportunity
to remind us they're going to be making a movie out of Hello Kitty.
I don't know if you saw that news this week, but they are officially making a Hello Kitty
movie, which I guess the distinction is it's probably the first big screen movie because
there's tons of Hello Kitty VHSs and stuff already.
I'm sure there's like mini movies and stuff, but this is like the first big movie, Hello
Kitty's big fucking deal.
If you want to see the best thing that Sanrio ever put out, just watch Turin's Bell, and
then cry.
Cry like you've never cried before because it will make you cry like you're three years
old and someone stepped on your foot and took your lollipop.
On a scale of one to Grave of the Fireflies, how hard am I going to cry?
Probably Grave of the Fireflies.
That's pretty bad.
It's Doug of Flanders level.
Oh, dang.
All right.
Except instead of all the sad, it's also got all of the violence.
All right.
And this is for children.
On a scale of one to the ending of Dancer in the Dark, how wet will my t-shirt be?
You know, I haven't seen Dancer in the Dark.
Okay.
But I know it's really sad.
It's really sad.
So I'm going to say it's as sad as Bjork's last experimental album.
Oh, that's not sad.
That's tragic.
There's a difference.
Tragic.
It's tragic.
Don't cry.
All right.
Speaking of tragic, let's introduce our guests for tonight.
You like that segue?
No, I love this.
This guy has not been on the show in a very, very long time.
He's really old school when it comes to OLR.
And we're really happy to have him back on the show.
Everybody, please give a warm welcome back to Intern Druunami.
He's here tonight.
Hey there, internet.
You miss me?
No, but our aim is improving.
How are you?
How have you been?
Oh, God.
I've been on this show.
You knocked over the soundboard in, what, 2007, 2008?
Yeah, I heard that that one came home to Roos not too long ago.
Yeah.
Well, I think somebody put together like a top 10 OLR moments, and I'm pretty sure that
was in it somewhere.
Oh, Jesus.
You're right there up with the diva fit, Loki singing.
That's all up there.
The tingle bet.
I think we're all in the...
Actually, Loki was not the only one singing that day, too.
I made an ass out of myself then, too.
That's right.
It was a fun episode.
It has been a couple of years, but I figured I'd pop on it.
I just barely missed the birthday show, which is also my birthday show, but life goes on.
We were both born.
When you put both and born together, you get borth.
We were borth on June...
We were brought forth by birth.
We were both...
Somebody call the Game Grumps.
We've got something going here now.
On June 23rd.
What does that even mean?
I don't know.
Was that shade?
Was that shade in my own house?
Just a touch.
Were we borth on June 23rd, both of us?
Indeed.
Indeed.
There you go.
Now, you were mentioning before the show...
Hold on.
Okay.
How old were you when you first came on OLR for the very first time?
You were 17, right?
Oh, yeah.
I was 17.
You were 17.
Episode 29.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
So you were 17 years old, and that's why we used to pick on you.
We call you Intern Drew, because you're a youngin'.
You're a dumb kid, right?
Uh-huh.
And how old did you just turn on your birthday?
30.
Oh, my God.
Now I'm officially in the old folks' home with rest of y'all.
Oh, my God.
Hold on a minute.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm not in the old folks' home.
I'm one of those crazy old people who's going out skiing and riding roller coasters.
You don't have to hit me with your walker like that.
I can't watch my swingin'.
Hold on.
Hold on.
What?
I say this with the utmost respect.
That dumb ass kid turned 30.
This dumb ass kid turned 30.
Wowie.
I'm just a dumb ass man.
Okay, here we go.
Love it.
Yeah, you're still a kid.
Nah, you're still a kid compared to the rest of us.
Kid or squid now?
Are you a kid or a squid?
You decide.
Uh, wait.
Hold on.
Get this right, or you're leaving.
You will be voting...
Teamcat.net.
Thank you.
All right, thank you.
You even knew the question.
I don't even have the Wii U yet, but Teamcat.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Anybody who's Teamdog, you're not allowed tonight.
That was bullshit that you won.
Get out.
We'll throw you out.
Tuck and roll.
I'm just kidding.
I can see Act Def sitting there at his keyboard fuming.
You're just salty, Rob Roberts.
The salt must flow.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I am salty.
Just dip me in ketchup and feed me to the McDonald's fans.
Speaking of ketchup and food, you did see what I made Friday night as my celebration
of all things American by making Canadian food.
Oh, you made poutine.
I made poutine.
Poutine.
It was your like amalgamation of Canada and 4th of July.
It was your...
And then you know what we had on the 4th of July?
What?
Panda Express!
Cuz murica.
Cuz murica.
Well, let's be real.
That ain't Chinese food.
I know, right?
Oh, don't worry.
There was nothing more murica than me having a burrito for lunch yesterday.
Geez.
That was so fun.
Let's see.
Welcome back to our chat room live.vognetwork.com.
ActDeft in chat says, team dog one, deal with it.
You know what?
I'm gonna give you something to deal with in a minute here.
S2100Matt says, Drew is probably the only 30 year old intern on a gaming podcast.
Is that, is that research?
Is that verifiable?
Can we verify that?
Can we vet that?
Yeah.
Can we vet that?
I wasn't listening to you.
DarkTetsuya in chat says, yeah, last time Drew was on was episode 417, the ninth anniversary.
Hey, I don't update the Wiki for nothing.
Wow.
DarkTetsuya.
Wow.
He's, he's like encyclopedia Britannica of this show.
So you haven't been on the show in about four years.
I'm hoping to make it a little bit more regular, but you know, we never know.
Well, let me, let me level set a bit here.
Cause we do, we do talk about video games here on OLR, believe it or not.
And there's people that, you know, probably never, who is this guy?
Who's this guy you're making jokes with and picking on?
You know, believe it or not, like more people find OLR and actually stick around after they
download an episode or two.
So we have some listeners here that we haven't had, we didn't have four years ago.
So let's reintroduce Drew a little bit to the listeners.
So you're, you're 30 here in the same area where we're at.
What types of video games do you play?
What kind of gamer are you?
Well, primarily these days, well, I've always been a big RPG gamer, um, been dabbling into
final fantasy since, you know, the very start.
So more JRPG stuff, uh, dabbling final fantasy 11 for a while.
Ragnarok online, 14 still play a lot of wow.
Uh, though lately I've been becoming the kind of the stereotypical Atlas nerd real big into
the persona series, but, uh, so you're definitely JRPG.
If you're following Atlas like that, that's usually a sign, right?
Oh yeah.
Edit my seat, waiting for persona five to hit all big tales of fan boy, things like
that.
But, uh, I try to dabble all sorts of stuff.
How many stuffed printies do you own?
Um, just the one actually.
Just one?
Okay.
Uh, you know, collection going, but I, uh, they explode too often, you know, uh, they're
up to what?
Disgaea five just came out in Japan.
Is that here?
I can't remember.
Yeah.
I haven't big that been that big into this, uh, Disgaea series, uh, when my strategy fix
had been mostly into Fire Emblem lately.
Okay.
That game was in the news a lot last week with strategy waifu simulator.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, so you're, you're mostly JRPGs, uh, console favorite console that you play on or are you
more PC, Mac, still kind of evenly split between PC and PS three.
I'm trying to get into PS four and, and, uh, is, is getting more games up there.
I'm probably one of the only people alive that still owns a Vita, but you know, persona.
We're going to talk about that in a little bit, actually you're not, and we'll talk about
why in a little bit, but, uh, yeah, just a Mr. RPG still play a few music games, still
hyped up for rock band for, uh, whenever they decide to fully release that.
So kind of waiting for the song list, but you know, some of it's creeping out there.
What do you think about the whole fact that you can use your old library with rock band
four?
I think that's rad.
Well, I'd hate to have all that, uh, TLC be for nothing here.
Well, here's the thing.
It was actually, I would say it was about a good 25% of what factored my decision to
finally buy an Xbox one was the fact that all my rock band songs are on three 60 and
they, they will, if you get Xbox one, you will be able to bring in the three 60s library.
That was part of my decision to get a PS four, come to think of it as like, if they decided
to ignore, you know, completely ignore that I'm like, I'd probably be all torches and
pitch pitch works about it.
Um, let's see, going to our chat room over at live.vog network.com, uh, tech 2030 and
chat says, quote, tales of a fan boy.
I already like them.
There it is.
They like you drew it.
They really like you.
Um, let's see, what do you mean?
Well, we'll get into your gaming weeks a little later, but, uh, let's talk about some of your
very favorite.
I always like to ask what's like your favorite game of all time period.
Oh geez.
Um, I'd have to pander to Jamie and probably see it somewhere close to the guardian legend.
Uh, that's pandering to me too, although tales of the abyss comes close.
Okay.
It is almost in all fashion is a perfect RPG.
All right.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Uh, how did you meet all of us here at OLR?
Oh God, everybody was in the DDR scene over in Roseville and, uh, happened to see you
guys play in DDR one day, uh, went to, uh, went out on vacation in New York, saw this
podcast is like, wait, I know these folks wound up tuning into what was very, very first
episode of OLR.
You, you are part of the circle of 12 you there's, there were 12 people that listened
to the first episode of OLR.
We know dark Tetsuya was one JV Mon was one, and now you're one, I mean, hell I was there
and I wasn't even listening.
You're not listening now.
So you listen, how else did I respond?
She just selected very, she'll be doing her thing.
Like, you know, I'm typing, I'm typing, I'm typing.
And then just, I randomly will say, and then, Oh man, that really, that moment really sucked
in dragon age.
And then she'll perk up.
What are you talking about?
About my dragon age.
What, what, what?
I am not writing fanfiction during the show tonight.
Thank you for the first time.
I'm already three chapters ahead.
She worked at, she worked ahead everybody so she could participate tonight.
Good job.
All right.
Anyway.
Read my fanfic.
Damn it.
All, all, uh, all that joking aside.
So, okay.
So you discovered our show and you were on the other coast.
Just by coincidence.
Yeah.
I just have to be in, in upstate New York on summer vacation.
I was like, I need something to watch here.
I'm bored out of my skull.
Need something to listen to.
I need something to do.
I was like, okay, fine.
Well, I, you know, this, this whole live 360, whatever it is site, sure.
I'll go for it.
Yeah.
Why not?
And a dial up friendly radio.
That's what we used to be.
All right.
Uh, before we move on and get into some more modern, what have you been doing this week
in games and in the gaming news for this week?
One more question.
Since you did mention you were a DDR fan and you, uh, were brought to this show through
all of our mutual love of DDR back in the day, favorite mix and favorite song.
Oh geez.
Don't you pick one only one.
Oh man.
No ties on the record.
Get the Wiki ready to update.
The thing is, I have to say my favorite song is, is my usual warmup song.
It's why it's, it's on every mix these days.
It's always the first song I play just to get warmed up.
Uh, so fifth mix, which I guess is kind of the black sheep of the series.
You don't see too many machines out there of it.
Uh, but that's why, that's why it's a lot of people's favorite abyss DJ Taka abyss.
Okay.
That's a good pic.
Low second goes to summer vacation, but that was a 2DX song.
That was a 2DX song.
That never even made it to DDR.
I think they finally did put it in DDR like way later.
I think it was in like a home version at some point.
So there you go.
All right.
Very cool.
Well, Drew, you feel free to pipe in if you need to on the news.
I know we were talking a little bit about, uh, some of the things we're talking about
tonight.
I know you have some things to say as a PC gamer on some of the things going on lately.
So we'll get into some of that.
Feel free to chime in as necessary.
Uh, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com zappy in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
says over here in French, Canada, we just had poutine fest this weekend.
I love poutine so much.
Why was I not invited?
I know.
Where's our invite zappy?
What's up with that?
Well, you know what?
You know what they had up the hill in Reno?
Cause we almost went to Reno this weekend.
So while they've got poutine fest in Canada, you know what they have in Reno?
Angry I lost all my money fest?
No.
Chicken wing fest.
Right?
Where's my invite?
Jesus.
That's it.
We just need to have like a cooking on the show night and I'll just make poutine.
I love that idea.
That's a great idea.
Uh, let's see.
I still have a bag of cheese curds at home.
Uh, Ragenator in chat says upstate New York.
Cool.
I'm from Buffalo.
Uh, it was Watertown at the time out in Fort Drum.
I have no idea where those places are.
I went to Poughkeepsie for like three days.
We'll just say Southern Canada.
Okay.
That's pretty much what it was.
It was like 20 miles to the border.
Did you go to poutine fest?
I wish.
Poutine's awesome.
All right.
Uh, let's get into how was your gaming week and the types of video games that you have
been playing this week.
Dark soccer.
We'll start with you.
You had a pretty big week, huh?
Kinda.
Well, he just fixed my computer today.
Um, Dragon Age Inquisition broke my computer kinda and now it's fixed before like my fans
would just kick in like blah.
So we put in four more fans and doubled my ram and now my computer is like, Oh, I love
Dragon Age Inquisition.
How quaint.
And no problem at all.
Um, I actually did log in a little bit for Final Fantasy 14.
Um, I'm going to be trying to set at least a night a week to do my progression stuff.
Um, and we got a PS4 this week.
So Dan's been playing Battlemon and I very, very, very much have decided that the next
game that I'm going to get is going to be Puyo Puyo Tetris, but I, um, probably going
to have to wait until a couple of weeks before I order it from Playage or something.
But I really, really, really, really, really, really, really want Puyo Puyo Tetris because
it's fucking Puyo Puyo and Tetris.
And then I've been like polling people for other good games and I don't know, cause people
keep mentioning genre that I'm not really a big fan of.
Like I don't like a lot of first person shooters and I don't like a lot of games that have
a lot of crazy ass motion in it cause I will throw up on people.
I think, uh, I, I use, you asked this on Twitter, which you're using Twitter again.
What is up with that?
I know.
I just decided to.
You got to get, get with the cool kids on Twitter.
We're super cool.
I was, no, cause I did my hipster thing for a while and didn't want to be on Twitter cause
it was too mainstream.
Mm hmm.
Well, welcome to the mainstream.
I was on Tumblr.
Do, uh, now Tumblr, Yahoo owns Tumblr.
Tell me that ain't mainstream.
Yeah.
And then I went on Ello.
Anyway, uh, I think Flaco Jones had some really good suggestions for you, especially, and
I really have to recommend for you in particular velocity two X, I think is a really good pick
because you know, we, we joke about our love of the guardian legend, but it's actually
not a joke.
We really love that game.
And velocity two X.
The only kind of difference is instead of being, it obviously has the shooter bits,
but then instead of being like an RPG over the shoulder type of thing, it's more like
a platformer in that part.
Otherwise it's, it's very similar.
So is that like just online only?
Yeah.
It's like an online $10 download type of thing.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's like PlayStation four, but I think velocity two X is on like steam and I think it's one
of those.
It's multi it's all over the place.
I have to check that out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think you'd like that too.
And that's an indie game.
So I don't feel bad about whoring it for free here on the show.
So well, I've, I've been trying to think of like more actual disc based games to add to
the collection.
Cause I mean, we only have Batman right now and a few things that were, and I was so angry
because PT was sitting there in my library online and I'm like, you bastards, somebody
will feed.
That's going to be the thing that gets people to hack a PS four.
Just wait.
Yeah.
If it's not already doable to put PT on there somehow, but I, but I think we're pretty much
decided it's going to be Puyo Puyo Tetris is the next game we want.
So there you go.
All right.
Well, congratulations on the new PS four.
Just if you have PS plus stay on top of that and download your free games cause like velocity
was a free game at one point.
So Dan's doing it on his account and we're just going to add mine as a secondary.
Good.
Smart.
Um, Dan's is gun star.
Mine is dark Sakura, O R. Is there an underscore or anything?
Nope.
I need to add you if I ever sign into it.
Oh, do it for me.
Dark soccer.
Do it for me.
I'll do it for the children.
All right.
Just, just do it.
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
I will.
Don't dream it.
And be it.
Let's move on to tech master Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
I mostly worked on my game.
Um, but I did play a few things, uh, one being, which is, I'm actually playing right now.
Portal stories, Mel.
It's like a free to, uh, free to download if you have, um, portal to, um, expansion
or a fan made game, I guess this is what people do when valve is allergic to the number three
type of thing.
Yeah.
So it's like a side story type thing.
It's another test subject that was testing the sleep chambers and of course the sleep
chambers didn't work right.
And so she's in the future now and it's hilarious because you know, they've got it, all of it's
voice acted.
They have cave Johnson in there, but you know, another person doing his voice and then they
have another, um, personality sphere that's helping me along and it's just got that same
type of humor, but the puzzles are really damn hard.
So just keep that in mind.
It's kind of nice though, as you get to actually see the outside of like, uh, aperture science,
which is kind of cool.
So you get to wander around through that.
Um, but yes, the puzzles are damn hard.
So just keep that in mind.
Sounds to me like they got Mel from the original second player for co-op mode.
Possibly.
I don't know what the story is behind that.
Um, and then the other thing I played was called the do modern warfare two because my,
my old coworkers want to play and so I played just like old times.
Yep.
And I beat him just like old times.
Keep them in their place.
Loki.
Yeah.
So they're like, well, we were having fun until you came make, make them remember why
they didn't want to play with you anymore.
Exactly.
Well, they just have to bring their ringers with them and then, then they actually, I
have a hard time keeping up with them because you know, it's wow.
Love it.
All right.
Uh, if that's it for your gaming week, I think that's it.
Then, uh, Drew, how about you?
How was your game?
I've been all over the place.
Um, been mostly focused on PC this week was really struggling to enjoy a certain PC game
that shall remain nameless for right now.
But barring that I switched over to my 3DS.
You can, we talked a little bit about this last week.
Yeah.
A few optimization woes as Arkham Knight.
We'll put it like that, um, switched my 3DS for a while, knocked out a little bit of persona
queue, a little dungeon diving there.
Hold on.
Let me back you up.
Cause I, I just have to, cause you know, when we were reporting on the, the, uh, Arkham
Knight stuff last year, I shouldn't say reporting, but discussing the Arkham Knight stuff last
week, cause we don't break news.
We just try to fix it.
Um, we were talking about the Arkham Knight woes, but to be fair, I haven't played it
on PC.
I don't think either of my co-hosts have.
How bad is it Drew?
Oh God.
Uh, I can turn V-Sync off and get 25 frames usually.
I don't have a modest system.
Uh, the minute I turn V-Sync on, five frames per second.
So that's the biggest problem is just the frame rate is shit.
Yeah.
Frame rate is absolute crap.
Uh, the game itself is fun.
It's just the specs and optimization.
It was a shitty port.
But it's like one of those old flip books where you flip through the pictures.
Exactly.
It's like, I'm not, I'm not terribly pissed off about it.
I can wait, but I'd rather not have to.
But uh, you know, after struggling with that and trying to find things to make it work
better, I decided to just grab my 3DS, play a little Persona Q, uh, try and finally finish
Fire Emblem Awakening.
I keep on getting distracted, uh, got in some MKX even though I kind of suck at it and started
playing probably one of the most beautiful games I've ever played in my life, uh, courtesy
of Steam.
Cause usually it's, uh, otherwise be a, uh, Xbox one exclusive, uh, Ori and the Blind
Forest.
Oh, I've heard a lot of good things about this game.
Uh, Xtifer, uh, my buddy Xtifer is a big fan of this.
It is an absolutely beautiful metroidvania.
Hmm.
And I'm really looking forward to, you know, getting some more abilities there and kind
of blast my way through the game and kind of seeing all the scenery.
Excellent.
All right, well have fun with it.
So you're playing that on Steam, not X, oh you don't own Xbox one.
I don't own Xbox one, I'm, I'm firmly in the Sony camp at this point.
No ill will towards Xbox, I'm just kind of in the little Sony ecosystem right now.
It's expensive to have both.
Trust me.
Cause I just, I just finally got the Xbox one and it's a little, a little expensive.
It's expensive.
Happy, expensive.
Happy.
Anyway.
Um, Mikey Mueg.
Uh, so, okay, here's a funny story.
So Drew mentioned a minute ago that he's one of the few like people that like still owns
Evita.
Right.
So here's the thing.
Um, I had a birthday, uh, around the same time that OLR did.
And um, you know, I don't, I don't expect that I'm going to get a lot of presents or
whatever.
I'm not usually like big on the whole, like expecting gifts and all that stuff.
Uh, but especially with somebody like Alan, uh, we don't oftentimes really know what to
get each other.
We're at a fortunate enough place in our lives where we want something, we just kind of go
get it.
And our tastes are like, I'm not saying like we're rich or anything.
We don't get to do extravagant things, but for the most part of the things that we need,
we kind of are able to take care of.
So it makes it very hard to be able to buy presents for each other.
In fact, the funny part of that is that, um, the first gift that Alan actually bought
for me was a Ness Amiibo because he knew that I was kicking and screaming about that whole
GameStop preorder thing was bullshit and I want a Ness Amiibo and I'm just going to preorder
one from Japan or whatever.
So he actually went onto one of those auction things and paid the money to get me a Ness
Amiibo only to find out that I was able to get one on Playasia and I also got a Ness
Amiibo.
And then Shane got one too.
I was getting like three Ness Amiibo.
So oops on that.
So Alan had to go back to the drawing board and figure out what's he going to get me that
I'm definitely not going to buy for myself.
So you can imagine my shock when Monday the gift arrived and I opened it up and Alan had
bought me because I had made a comment once about, Oh my God, that's so gorgeous.
I want that.
Oh my God.
But that's going to be expensive.
You know, uh, Alan bought me the Heavensward PlayStation Vita from Japan imported.
So here it is right here and it's one of the 2.0 models and you can see, so it's a little
lighter and thinner and uh, if you want to mess around with this just so you can see
how it feels.
I will fight you for that.
No, you will not have the original model, but you can see there on the back, it's got
like the Heavensward decorations and then it actually came with a Heavensward theme.
So if I actually turned it on here a little bit, you can actually see the little splash
screen is the Heavensward, like a little screen.
Then when you open it up, it actually plays music from the game.
So you know what, Rob?
It's rad.
Like I'm not even going to lie.
This thing is rad.
This kind of makes this sort of system cousins because I have the WonderSwan color for Final
Fantasy.
Our WonderSwan and our PlayStation Vita are distantly related.
Yeah, they're distantly related.
Yeah.
And now I get to loan you a buttload of games for Vita.
I'm excited.
Well, here's the thing.
Okay, but here's the thing, Drew.
I already own a PlayStation Vita American.
I bought one of the earlier models.
So this is not the first one you had.
Not the first one.
So you might be one of the few people that actually owns a Vita.
And you're one of the few people that own two.
That owns two.
And you're going to lend one to Jamie.
And the market just doubled.
Thank you, Sony.
Here's what I did.
I'm actually very proud of myself for figuring out how to do this.
I used to...
I didn't do it all myself.
I used tutorials and stuff.
But I actually went online.
I registered a Japanese account.
And that's a Japanese region or whatever, PlayStation Vita.
And I figured out how to redeem the code for Heaven's Word so I could actually get that
theme or whatever.
So I'm actually very proud of myself.
So now that is my Japanese system.
And then the other one is my American system.
Because you know the Vita is way better supported in Japan than it is here anyway.
And I'm looking in the store and I'm like, I want Taiko no Tatujin.
They have that for the Vita?
I'm like, I'm going to get that.
And then there's all sorts of other games as well.
So now I just have to get a card that has money on it.
So I'll just get one of those from Playasia or whatever.
Anyway, Alan wants to say a little something about the Heaven's Word Vita.
He's here at the studio.
It also comes with a very pretty box that we get to show off.
Which I brought into studio.
And also, don't expect anything like that for Christmas.
It's not that I don't care about Christmas, but it's a different holiday to me.
And since we both have summer birthdays, if I'm going to spoil the shit out of you, the
birthday is the big one for Christmas.
I'll just get you like a Target card or something.
At least he's honest.
That's all.
My favorite.
First, he brought the box in to show off on the radio show.
Just so y'all know, anyway.
But also, here's the other thing I love about it is that Alan told me.
He said, you know, a part of that gift, just so you know, is the insane amount of jealousy
that Shayna's going to have towards you because I got you that.
You know what else I think is funny is that Heaven's Word isn't on Vita.
Yeah, right?
They have a whole Heaven's Word Vita and Heaven's Word isn't even on Vita.
But certainly the PlayStation 4 Remote Play, a lot of people are doing the crafting and
gathering on the Vita from PlayStation 4.
So that's kind of a little thing.
Ladies and gentlemen of the internet, please feel free to use your imaginations on that
box.
Right?
It's just got butts and dicks all over it.
No, it does not have butts and dicks.
I could take a picture.
It can have butts and dicks on it in a few minutes.
I don't even want to think about that.
Excuse me.
I have to leave the room and heave.
SSG100Matt in chat over at live.vognetware.com says, no, no, no, Shayna will be like, whatever.
No, I think this one actually did get a response out of him.
It was more like, I hate you and that type of thing.
Act Deaf degrees.
I do want Taiko no Tatsujin Vita though.
Yeah.
I'm like, I don't want that.
That'd be awesome.
So anyhow, other games that I played besides messing around with the new system.
Thank you, Alan, for the new Vita that I said I wanted and didn't actually think I'd get.
That's awesome.
I was still playing around with the Xbox One a little bit, playing more Forza Horizon 2,
which I have to voice something that kind of ticked me off about Horizon 2 as much as
I love the game.
And it's a solid racer.
And having also played Drive Club a little bit this week.
Here we go.
No, I'm sorry.
Forza Horizon 2 is just like probably the best racing game right now.
It really is.
Until maybe there's a new burnout to try and challenge it or something.
I really think Forza Horizon 2 is like the best racing game right now.
But here's the thing that ticked me off about it is that, okay, so I'm doing a race and
what have you.
So I finish up the sequence of races and then suddenly it cuts away to a trailer and I'm
like, oh, it's like another one of those in-game cutscenes where it's going to be this
whole bad Fast and Furious thing where the guy's going to tell me to go to a new city.
And it's like, this island just opened up and we have to go and there's all new races
and da-da-da-da-da and all this stuff.
It's a fucking ad for their DLC, the Storm Island DLC or whatever.
And so at the end of this, just woven right into the gameplay trailer that they do, they're
like, press Y now to buy it for $20.
And I'm like, as interested as I am in something like that, I will clear the base game.
Then I'll buy an expansion thing.
I'm not going to buy the expansion until I finish the base game.
No, no, no.
Buy our shit now.
Don't wait.
Do it now.
No, as, but here, as if that wasn't good enough.
So I hit no, thank you.
And so it gives me the next mission and programs into the GPS where to go next.
I'm like, all right.
So I drive and I'm driving to the harbor and I'm like, why is the goal point that I'm driving
to the Storm Island Harbor?
I get to the harbor and I press X to finish the mission or whatever.
And it said, you can deport or you can depart for Storm Island now by spending $19.99.
I'm like, really?
This fucking game just made it a mission for me to go and like spend the money.
And so I, I did what any gamer would do in this day and age.
I went on Twitter and I wrote some angry things.
But did you throw your controller?
No, God, those controls are expensive.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's not what we, that's, that's what happened, Drew, that's what happened.
We don't, we don't throw controllers anymore.
We go on Twitter and say something mean.
That's what we do is that's what I did.
I went on Twitter and I said something mean, and then I got it out of my system.
So there it is.
I was just a little irritated, a lot of irritated that Forza Horizon.
Outside of that, I still love the game.
But seriously, stop shoving that DLC down our throats.
It's tacky.
Like I get, if you want to put in the menu, a little banner now available, or even if
on the little radio station, a DJ comes on and says, Hey, check out the store.
There's some new DLC.
Like I understand, but like to like go so far as to make it the next mission for me
to do.
Yeah.
That won't be breaking immersion or anything.
Hey, there's DLC on the store.
Oh my, that was just so tacky.
Oh, like an interruption of your mission isn't immersion breaking as it is?
Yeah.
Weiland in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says, I do like storm Island though.
It's the only DLC I bought for the game.
I'm sure it's amazing.
But my whole thing is that I don't want to go and spend more money to extend the game
when I have barely scratched the surface of the game to be in with.
Like I've still got like a hundred races I got to do in the game.
I've got plenty to do without the DLC.
That's my whole thing.
When I get through all that, will I probably end up getting storm Island?
Yeah, probably.
So Bobby Black Wolf says, for most people, that storm Island cut scene showed up well
after you beat the game because of the timing, but yeah, that sounds like bad timing.
That's a good point.
I'm probably seeing this where I'm seeing it and a lot of other people are like, what
is wrong?
Rob?
I didn't see anything like that.
Well, keep in mind, I just bought an Xbox one, what, two weeks ago.
So I'm just experiencing all this for the first time.
So it's a little different for me.
It's like people that played mass effect three and never had to see that original ending
like dark soccer is raising her hand.
Original ending angst was never a thing for her.
Anyway.
Nope.
I live a happy, sheltered life.
There you go.
Uh, let's see.
Also I've been playing, of course, a lot of heaven's word.
Uh, I just did the Bismarck fight today.
That was fun, even though it was a cluster, but, Oh, the soundtrack is so good.
Like I know people associate Square Enix with no bully Matsu and with good reason, cause
that man does a lot of great, great work and has done just legendary, uh, historical great
video game tracks of all time.
But I'm telling you, Soken is a real worthy successor over at Square.
That man does brilliant work with Final Fantasy 14.
That soundtrack is so stinking good.
Uh, if you haven't checked it out, uh, check out the final fantasy 14 soundtrack heaven's
word and the base game.
They're both amazing.
And uh, it's, it's not no bully Matsu, although nobody Matsu did like a theme for heaven's
word.
And, and probably that theme is, is heard in a lot of the others.
I really think Soken deserves a big, big, big, a bunch of credit for his work.
Maybe it's just the nostalgia talking, but when I think final fantasy MMOs, I still can't
get the vanity or March out of my head.
You know what?
And Final Fantasy 11 was great for what it is too, but you want to talk about like fan
service and all this 14 does such a good job of referencing other final fantasy games without
necessarily like going over the top with it.
Like they actually weave magitech armor, moogles, chocobos, and all that stuff like into the
story without it being like crazy.
Um, and then like the story in 14 is really good.
This expansion has a really good story that's worthy of final fantasy.
I'm probably going to need to check it out.
I wound up taking a scholar to 50, almost got through the main story, found out that
I need to raid all over again.
I'm like, I have wow for this.
I'm not going to do this again and just up and quit.
I'll give it another shot.
Hopefully it'll be a little bit more friendly to us.
Oh God, I'm a casual now.
What am I saying?
Well it's interesting because they made a controversial decision where heavens where
I want to keep this brief because I want to get into other games.
I've talked a lot about how 14 on the show, but they made a controversial decision where
unlike wow, all of the expansion content is in heaven's word, including the new jobs.
So if you want to go play a machinist or a, uh, uh, astrologian or a dark knight or whatever,
you have to go to Ishgard, the new city to unlock it, which is actually, that is what
they did in final fantasy 11.
So it's not exactly new for square to do that.
I remember my paladin quest.
Hell yeah.
But what is a little weird is that in order to get to Ishgard, you have to completely
finish the story of realm reborn.
So you will not be able to go to the new stuff until you finish the old stuff.
And from a story perspective, like the more I'm playing heaven's word, I get it.
The end of the story of realm reborn is very important for what happens in heaven's word,
critically important.
So from that end I get it, but I can see where it also turned off people that kind of slept
on the game for six months that want to get back in and join their friends.
It's like, Oh, I'm going to be a step behind another step behind because I have to beat
all this stuff first.
But you get experience now for doing all of your raids.
Yeah, that is, that is kind of the, okay.
So at least now what they did do is that all the story content now gives you not only experience
so that you'll be a leg up when you get into heaven's word, but it also gives you gear
now, I hear.
So that way you don't have to go in and do the raids to gear, to gear score up.
You'll get it naturally through the story.
So at least they lessened the blow a little bit.
I'm still trying to work on all the poetics so, cause now it's no longer the soldiery
tomes.
It's poetics.
Yep.
And now it's law.
This is in heaven's word, but anyway, uh, so that's enough about that.
Uh, I also want to briefly mention, so I played clicker heroes this week a lot.
In fact, Drew, have you played this game is crack.
Yes.
It is crap.
Like at least 30, 300,000 souls.
Do you really?
Oh my God.
I think I'm only on like my 12th ascension, but still, here's the thing.
Here's what's big.
Y'all.
This is why I bring it up.
I played clicker heroes this week.
Please don't say you bought rubies.
Please don't say about rubies.
I spent $10 on rubies.
No!
Is there no God?
I spent money on a free to play game, but this is why I did it.
I did it for the sole reason that I felt the developers deserved a little bit of my money
because I was going to say, I thought it was because of steam trading cards.
No, no, no.
I didn't realize that till after the fact that I was like, Ooh, I got a steam trading
card out of it.
But no, I did it because I felt, you know, with all the hours I've sunk into clicker
heroes, even if passively, because I'll run clicker heroes in the background while I'm
playing Final Fantasy.
I felt that with all the time I've sunk into that, they deserve a little bit of money.
So I tossed them $10 and I bought the rubies and bought like the permanent double damage
thing or whatever it is they're selling.
So there it is.
I spent real money on a free to play game, but they deserve it.
You sold out.
They deserve it.
Come on.
This isn't candy crush or some shit.
It's clicker heroes and they deserve it.
Come on.
All right.
Fair.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
I know you are.
By the way.
I do remember another game I played.
Hmm.
Very solitaire.
Oh jeez.
When, when my.
Our soccer's favorite game of all time.
No, I, it was the only thing that I trusted my computer to run until I got it fixed.
It could run clicker heroes.
I will not play it.
I will not.
You don't.
Don't get sucked in.
It plays itself.
I won't touch it.
All right.
Bobby.
That's what she said about mass effect.
Wants people.
All right.
Bobby black said mass effect is a good game.
Bobby black Wolf in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says, who is this person
that person that is hosting a well R it is not sky.
Uh, tech 2030 says you can totally hack the game to get rubies by the way.
Haha.
That's what mean people do.
That is what mean people do.
I'm looking at low case.
I don't know what you mean.
Yeah.
Right.
Uh, I don't have the game to get rubies.
Kaijuto says, I've never even heard of that game.
It sounds awful.
If you played the steam summer game, uh, summers, if you played the steam summer sale game,
it's a lot like that only, uh, it actually works and you don't get anything out of it
whatsoever.
You don't get anything out of it whatsoever.
So except I don't know, achievements, steam achievements.
That's it.
Uh, fifth dreaming on chat says, God damn it.
You're making me play clicker heroes now.
I'm sorry.
I apologize in advance for that.
SSG100 Matt says, I'm too afraid to play clicker heroes and with good reason.
Let's be real.
All right.
That's going to do it for our gaming week.
Uh, some quick housekeeping, twitter.com slash OLR, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
and google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
Um, I want to address one other quick thing here real quick.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to like say a lot about this cause it has to do with another
show, but um, I just want to make sure I'm, I'm very clear on, on some things here before
rumors start and that whole thing.
Um, so as some of you all saw on twitter, there was a decision made this week to put
my other show, uh, that I cohost with extfer and grandpa on Wednesdays, a horde house on
a hiatus for a while.
Um, and there's nothing wrong.
We didn't all get into like a bust up fight or anything like that.
Um, you know, uh, if you've been following horde house, you know that extrovert took
a break a couple months ago, uh, because he needed to focus on some things, IRL and so
on.
Um, I think I kind of, kind of got to a similar point in this last week where I wanted to
focus on some different things for a little bit.
I have a lot going on that I don't talk about here on OLR because it's none of y'all business.
It has nothing to do with video games, um, but it was impacting, you know, what I was
doing on weeknights and so forth.
So long, long story short, um, I just, I just kind of had to put horde house on hold for
a little bit so I could focus on some other things, but you guys all know, I think grandpa
is very talented as I do extra for our both very talented folks.
Uh, Shane was a great asset to that show for the time he was there as well.
Um, but even I got to a point, I think even Shane did where it was like, you know, talking
about all these MMOs, like it's, it's hard when there's only one I'm really invested
in right now.
And I think that's kind of the point I got to is that, you know, I love the world of
Warcraft community.
Um, there's some great people.
I've met some friends for life through that community.
I don't care about your game anymore.
That's my honest, like, sorry if that really sticks you, but it's like, it's really hard
for me to feign this enthusiasm about world of Warcraft.
And I felt like we still had a big audience that was kind of holding onto that a little
bit.
And I kind of feel like every week I'm faking it and letting you down.
So that's part of what played into the reason a little bit as well.
Anyhow.
Uh, grandpa of course, still on star board, power coupling extra for still doing his thing
over on Twitch.
And, um, you know, Shane comes on this show sometimes, I don't know what projects he'll
go into in the future, but I imagine some of us will reform and do another project again
at a later date, maybe after the summer and some IRL things calm down a little bit.
Uh, so I just wanted to address that and make sure there were no rumors that people were
fighting or quitting or whatever.
So there it is.
There's my very honest answer as to why Horde house ended right there on the table for now.
Um, and it may come back, you know, I may just rediscover my love of MMOs.
And if grandpa and extra for both in the same boat, then we might say, let's do a Horde
house again.
But if not, we'll probably say, let's take all this energy creatively that we do and
the chemistry that we have between us and, and grandpa riffing on me and extra for talking
about nonsensical things and all that.
And let's do this other project and we'll probably do that instead.
So there it is.
It's weird.
Cause I, I'm not used to podcasts ending.
I don't know what to say about it because this one seems like it's never going to like
you better not be.
I know.
I'm like, no, no, no, no.
I'm not.
I wouldn't rebel rebel rebel.
It's I find to the timing of a Sunday night show is a lot easier on me than a Wednesday
night show because with Sunday it's like I've had the whole weekend for RNR to relax and
rest up and you know, be ready to do it.
Whereas on Wednesday it's like I just got home from work and I got to roll over and
do a show.
So it's, it's harder.
It's much harder to do one on a Wednesday night.
All right.
So there you go.
Let's move on.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Shall we?
Uh, Loki start us off tonight with some video game news.
All right.
So there's the rumor of course.
Um, well we know that Nintendo is working on another system.
Um, no, it's going to be out probably soon, maybe next year.
The rumor is now that it's supposed to be out in July of 2016.
Where's this rumor coming from?
Well, it's coming from the report that apparently they've been visiting with, uh, supply chain
partners and, um, are looking to submit orders on February or March, 2016.
And I think this also comes, if I remember correctly, I think Foxconn won a bid or something
for manufacturing the system.
And so somehow they've, uh, extrapolated that it's going to be coming out maybe July, 2016.
I would hope, just me, that Nintendo reflecting on past, you know, launches and how they've
been a clusterfuck as far as, oh, shortages, shortages that they just realize, Hey, you
know what?
Let's take the extra months and release a holiday.
But you know, with a better name, please.
Well, NX is not the name.
It's not the name.
No, no, no, no, no.
With a better name than what they had so far.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's not come up with some stupid, like Wii again.
I, well, I, I kind of think, here's the thing.
I think Wii really worked for them.
I know it was, I know, haha, PP, Wii, Wii, but Wii U, I don't think worked for them because
too many people thought, you know, remember when it even, they went on, he went on Jimmy
Kimmel or one of those late night shows and yeah, the, the guy thought it was, it's an
add on for the Wii, right?
And no, no, no.
I think that was the real naming problem with Wii U.
So yeah, in that regard, yes.
Do not call it Wii anything.
And I don't think it will.
If this is some new initiative, if some of these rumors about that they're going to be
combining the DS and the Wii into something.
Just call it the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Just reboot that shit.
I'm all for that.
I'd love to see that.
I'd love to see Nintendo just like go old school with it.
Why not go back to the days where everybody just called the video game system a Nintendo?
Why don't you just call it the Nintendo?
Didn't we say this?
I feel like we had this exact same discussion like 10 years ago when Wii was first coming
out.
No, this is back when they were doing like the new iPad, but I don't like that idea either
because it gets really confusing, especially with the iPad, you know, where it's like the
new iPad.
Well, come on.
Yeah, it's the same with Xbox One.
Xbox One was, that's a dumb name.
I'm sorry.
It doesn't make any sense.
It's confusing.
Just don't do that.
I like the Nintendo Entertainment System because no one's really going to be like, oh, you're
talking about NES.
Yeah, you're talking about a system from 1984.
It's been a long time.
It's not like, you know, we just had, you know, whatever it is, an iPad last year.
I mean, if you're talking like something that's been, you know, over at least two generations
or generations, I mean, you know, granted you have the Xbox and then the Xbox 360, then
the Xbox One, that's too soon.
You mean you could, I don't know.
And I only think they should really just call the Xbox One.
I think they should have just called it, I don't know, the new Xbox or something.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, let's just call it the Nintendo One.
There it is.
Act Deaf referring to the new 3DS.
So maybe Nintendo is going to go down that path.
Who knows?
Please don't.
Well, they're not going to call it the new Wii U.
Okay, so let's go back.
Naming wank aside, because, you know, none of us are going to know until, you know, they
come out on stage or their digital event and say it.
July 2016, realistic or no?
I mean, that would be...
I don't think...
When was the last time a console released?
Not during the holiday period.
Well, lots.
It's been a very long time.
Lots of consoles.
3DS launched in March.
There's a...
Dreamcast.
Dreamcast in February.
I guess that's a very good point.
Nah, I'd say Dreamcast is still holiday period.
Not September.
September?
Yeah.
Early September.
I'd call it.
Yes, that's holiday, unfortunately.
Close enough.
Yeah.
On the bubble.
On the bubble.
Holiday runs from, like, September to November.
If it's after Labor Day, I consider it a holiday.
Yeah.
July, that's a wishful thing.
Holiday is much more of a sad...
Any mention of July, I think is probably gonna be the new Namco game of Tails from Someone's
Ass.
Nothing comes out in July.
July is, like, barren, so if they release it, they would get the full attention, I suppose,
but I don't know.
It seems risky in a way, but if this supply thing you're talking about, you know, if Nintendo's
gonna be always forever plagued with these supply issues...
They're gonna do it for hype.
They're gonna fuckin' do it for hype.
It's really goddamn annoying, because seriously, everybody fucking knows it's artificial, okay?
There's no fucking...
You can't be this dumb at this point.
Look, he looks like, we don't know how to manufacture shit.
We just started doing this.
Please understand.
Please understand.
Oh, fuck him and his please understand.
I don't understand how you can be this dumb.
I mean, seriously, they know what they're doing.
They play it conservative with this stuff, and I guess they don't want it to be sitting
on the shelves because it makes it seem like no one wants it.
I'm sorry.
It's perception retarded.
Please understand.
It's all according to plan, then.
Then the shortage will be over by the holidays, and they go July.
I revise my previous statement.
Here's the other thing with that whole thing.
I thought, and memory could be, you know, I'm getting old, Drew, I'm getting old, but
with the 3DS releasing in April, that was over here, didn't it come out in Japan earlier
than we got it?
Yeah, 3DS came out holiday, it was like December or November in Japan, and then it came out
over here in March, the end of March, yeah, it was the end of March over here because
I bought, I'd imported one.
And it seems like when we get systems in that time frame, like even the PlayStation 2 was
like a, you know, release in the early months of the year, Japan had it for the holiday.
So it's usually because we got it second because Japan had it first.
But I mean, I don't know, we live in a more global market than we did even 10 years ago.
So you know, if somebody wants something from Japan, right now, that new Zelda games for
the next system is not for the Wii U.
I feel like, and I granted you might say they're full of shit, which is which is a fair retort,
but they've come out and said it's not for the next system.
Uh huh.
Loki.
Loki.
Two words.
Twilight Prince.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, it's not for the new system, except it is for the new system, you know, except it's
also for the new system.
He's left handed on this one.
The only thing that I think could shut you down on that, and I think it's worth considering
Loki is that we're also talking about now the Wii U's big tie in is the tablet.
And so the Zelda game is going to have something to do with the tablet and so forth.
So if the NX has a new twist, a new Nintendo-fied twist, we don't know what if we knew what
it was, we would be able to talk about it.
But whatever that new Nintendo twist is on a new way to play games, can Zelda really
be parked into that when it's already for the Wii U's tablet game thing?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, I hope that new twist is fucking beefy ass hardware that can keep up with the modern
games.
No, I'm not trying to be like ridiculous here.
I'm just saying that's definitely going to help them with the whole third party support
thing because when you're running the system that's last generation specs, it's going to
be hard to get the Fallout 4's and all that shit.
So I would appreciate if they had a system that was up to spec with this stuff.
I think they should even push it just a little further, which is kind of what the Wii U kind
of did that, but it wasn't enough.
Yeah, it was a little bit further with the Xbox 360, but unfortunately not, I don't know,
even then it couldn't run some of the stuff that was on those systems and it's too bad
because they had potential.
Well, here's the interesting thing is that if Nintendo can get out that system next year
and it's a little beefier than an Xbox One, let's say it's more like an Xbox One and a
half, okay?
Let's say they get that thing out next year.
This isn't going to be like the Wii U was because the Wii U came out like right as the
PS4's coming out and right as the Xbox One coming out, I mean there was maybe one year
of opportunity.
Well now if the typical life cycle happens with these current consoles that are out,
we're more mid-cycle right now.
We're not even really to the full brunt of the mid-cycle yet with these consoles.
And let's be honest- So, I mean, Nintendo would get a really big
jump.
Yeah, and let's be honest, they haven't really taken advantage of these consoles lately.
Look at PlayStation 4's lineup for holidays.
It's been crap.
They haven't had anything.
What lineup?
Exactly.
They haven't had any first party shit come out of the- ooh, LittleBigPlanet 3.
I'm not buying a console because of that, sorry.
So many people are buying PlayStation 4's.
You bought one!
I bought one!
He bought one!
It's because of the next-gen games, or the current-gen games, the third-party stuff that
we're buying it for right now, and we see a lot of potential with stuff coming out.
Because every time you hear about games coming out, it's like, oh, it runs better on PlayStation
4 than Xbox One.
I mean, that was my conscious thinking, oh, and that, and they're giving me a ton of free
games.
You know, that also helps.
Alright.
Let's see, go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tech2030 says, wasn't there a report that NX wasn't going to be a rival to PlayStation
4 in terms of power?
I think that's a dangerous slope for Nintendo to go down, though, when it comes to third
parties.
If the game does not- something is easily ported from one system to another, that's
gonna leave them in a position where they're at right now, I think.
Bonds006 says, the new Nintendo system will be powered by loyalist love and fanboy money.
Well, they're always gonna have that, so.
I just-
I'm worried-
The Amiibo thing doesn't go full throttle.
That's my one fear about this new system, is that Amiibo is gonna go full throttle.
I'm worried that this new system actually may not, if they can't get the momentum, you
know, they're hoping that this new system's gonna do better, and I hope it does, but what
if it doesn't?
What if it just doesn't catch on?
Then what?
Then what?
Then where are you at?
Then they'll always still have a 3DS.
It's like, oh shit, you know.
I mean, eh.
Let's hope it's not PSP Go.
It's not that dumb.
It's gotta be better than that idea.
Alright, well, you know what?
We can- this is all rumors right now, and we can speculate, speculate, speculate, but
you know what?
It isn't really gonna change whatever's gonna happen next year, or not happen next year,
so stay tuned, everybody.
Meanwhile, let's move on to what's a game that's supposed to be within the next, you
know, 12 months, if what we heard about Nintendo's E3 showing is to be true, that all the games
they showed are for the next year.
One of those games that was shown, of course, was Metroid Prime Federation Force.
And as y'all know, it was not the most well-received game because it bears the Metroid title, yet
it was just a very different creative direction for the game.
In fact, it went so far as to inspire a Change.org petition that has, I don't know how many thousands
of English- angry, angry internet people everywhere signing it.
Grr-org.
Yeah, exactly.
When has Change.org actually changed anything?
I mean, have any of those petitions actually done anything?
Well, well, Nintendo, Reggie Fils-Aime was talking about, you know, all this stuff with
Mashable and talked about the reaction, talking a little bit about that Change.org petition
saying, quote, what the fan at home saw was something in the Metroid Prime universe that
they weren't expecting.
The reaction has been negative.
There's no sugar-coating it.
This is an example where fans who aren't able to get their hands on the game may be at a
bit of a competitive disadvantage.
Everyone who has played what we are showing regarding Metroid Prime, they came across
really pleased.
My ask is that fans trust us.
Oh, bullshit damage control, Reg.
This is the ultimate please understand.
No!
If you want to give us something in that series that the fans are going to enjoy, if you're
going to put that name on it, you give us something from that that we can identify with
and show that.
Fans don't say, oh, we had the play testers play that and they were very pleased.
No, we want to see that at home.
Yeah, but to be fair, reaction at the E3 booth was pretty positive.
Then you need to learn how to market the game better then.
If that's the problem, if the game's good, but your marketing's not showing that, then
you need to rework that.
It's so interesting to me because I honestly feel like if they had just called this game
Federation Force, this wouldn't even be a thing right now.
It wouldn't be a thing.
This would not even be a, we would not have a discussion.
It wouldn't be a thing.
It would, if it was just Federation Force, wouldn't even be a thing.
What if they called it F-Zero Federation Force?
What if they called it F-Zero Federation Force?
I'd be like, yay, Nintendo still acknowledges F-Zero.
No, I mean, seriously, this is how ridiculous it is.
I mean, it's like, I don't know, like, it's just not the same.
Actually, Loki, I'd kind of like to see them do a different game.
There's so many characters in F-Zero, like they all had their fucking own theme songs
in GX.
They didn't like do anything with that.
I kind of think F-Zero could have a side game, so sorry your little retort didn't work
so well.
But I actually, I'd like to see that.
I have three words for you, Rob.
Star Fox Adventures.
Did it have anything to do with being in a ship?
It had freaking dinosaurs.
There's some people-
It wasn't supposed to be a Star Fox game.
But there's some people that still stand so hard for that game, even though it's like
not-
Of course.
I mean, there's-
It could be a perfectly good game on its own.
It maybe shares a couple of characters, but you don't necessarily call that a Star Fox
game.
I think the problem is, and this is just, you know, again, we would not even be having
this discussion right now if it was just called Federation Force, but because they invoke
the name Metroid, it's kind of like them standing up there and going, we know y'all love Metroid,
and yep, here's a game that doesn't have Samus in it, so why don't you just open up those
wounds.
We're just gonna pour a little salt in it.
Well, I mean, that's fine.
They had Halo Reach, and that didn't have Master Chief in it, as far as I'm aware, but
I didn't play it, but it's a similar type of thing.
It's still in the same universe, but that seemed like a Halo game, whereas this doesn't
seem like a Metroid Prime game.
But maybe-
And maybe that's where we have to suspend disbelief a little bit, because it did show
45 seconds.
I'm not suspending shit, okay?
You know why?
Because I'm a consumer.
I'm not gonna just trust you and buy it, because you know what?
You know who says just trust us about shit?
Warner Brothers says just trust us about buying Batman Arkham-
Exactly.
No, no, it's-
No, EA says trust us, Battlefield Hardline's gonna work just fine, it'll be fine, just
trust us.
Fuck that.
I am not trusting anybody until I see a reason to buy this game.
I'm not picking it up.
Well, that and I don't own the system, so I'm not buying a system to buy this game.
I would not be this passionate about it if I didn't love Metroid, I didn't love Nintendo,
but Reggie's pretty much giving us the gaming equivalent of open your mouth and close your
eyes.
You'll get a big surprise.
SSJ100Matt says, if it were Mother 3 Federation Force, heaven help them.
Kaijuto says, I'm excited about that Metroid game to be honest.
Tigerclaw says, I like that Metroid Federation Force takes place in that universe.
There are more things about the Metroid universe besides Samus Aran, there are other characters
they can expand on.
Okay, I'm gonna take that point and run with it for a minute here, because what if this
game, in its cutesy chibi style, what if this game is about the animals?
What if Nintendo saw all this fucking craziness about save the animals when they do those
speeders, what if this game is about the animals?
Because they said, oh, people get all worried, this is the animal game.
Well, it's better than it being about the baby.
Well, they didn't show anything like that, so I'm gonna suspend my disbelief, you know,
until I see this.
I'm gonna say that with a wink and a nod to Reggie, here's your shovel to get you out
of this situation, wink, make it about the animals, wink, then people are gonna have
a lot less problem with it, I'm just saying.
Give us a kind of touchstone, give us something we can go on to bring us back to the series.
I think they're going to, you know, if this is true, what he's saying, that people need
to get their hands on it, then they'll take it out to Best Buys across the nation around
the time of, I don't know, Gamescom or whenever the hell they want to do it, honestly, around
the holidays, and they'll get the game in people's hands.
Why take it to Best Buys?
Take it to your chum-chum friends at Evil G, you know?
I'm sure they'll push your shit.
Maybe that's what they'll do, too.
Or, how about a downloadable demo, like we used to do?
Oh, well, you can play that for 30 seconds, and then that's it, because, you know, fuck
you guys, demos are just for one time.
We don't want you to get any actual enjoyment out of it for an extended period of time,
because you may not buy the game.
You might analyze it too hard.
If you're that worried about me purchasing your game after playing your demo, I mean,
that doesn't make any sense at all.
Let me play the demo countless times, so I'm like, damn, I really want this game.
I don't know.
I'm disappointed.
I'm not getting my new 2D Metroid, but I don't want to write this completely off until I
get my hands on it.
I can just say that when I saw the trailer, I was like, meh, so, but I don't have this
like seething rage that Change.org does over this whole thing.
If I can put a Metroid game that's done in that same engine that they did Rayman in,
the new Rayman games?
Yes, please.
That's what I want to see.
Alright.
Hey, speaking of Nintendo criticisms, by the way, Act F says, Loki, you're anti-Nintendoing
so hard right now it hurts.
I'm not anti-Nintendoing.
I'm totally for Nintendo.
That's what you don't get.
I like Nintendo, I just think they're making stupid decisions.
That's why you get really mad when they make bad decisions.
Exactly.
If we're talking like fucking Majesco- This hurts me more than it hurts you.
It's like when you have a close friend that you see do something stupid, and you're like,
oh no, bitch.
It's like if we were talking like, oh man, I really hate this direction that Madden's
going in, I'd be like, I don't fucking care.
And that would be intimate.
Let it burn.
Let it all burn.
Exactly.
Who cares?
We wouldn't be this pissed off if we didn't like Nintendo.
I wish more Nintendo fans got that about you, Loki.
I really do.
It's like, I love Nintendo.
Why would I?
I'm not mad at them.
Like, I want to support this stuff.
I want to, you know, buy a good Metroid game, but I'm not buying that game.
That's not going to sell me a system.
I want something to sell me a system.
Dungeon Buster says Loki's all about tough Nintendo love.
You know, I think Loki should star in like a version of the video game Bachelor where
like, you know, all the games at E3 try to win over Loki's affection and he has roses
that he gives out or dollars that he gives out to games.
And every week, you know, some poor game is voted off the show.
I think that's what I'd like to see.
Wouldn't you?
Yeah.
But at the end of the series, he's just going to go home and play Call of Duty anyway.
I don't play Call of Duty that often.
Earth Defense Force.
I don't play Earth Defense Force either, which is, I don't play much of anything anymore,
but no, seriously, you know, I don't play that much Call of Duty.
I played it when it came out.
I played the story missions.
It was about a little bit of the multiplayer.
That was about it.
Bonds 006 says another Sunday with Nintendo getting no love at OLR.
Hey, hey, that is not true.
I have a lot of love for Nintendo, but only if you're Team Cat.
And I think I made this point clear earlier in the show.
Well, I'd love Nintendo, and I seriously want to get like a Wii U for, I would love
to get a Wii U for Super Mario Maker, but I don't want to buy it just for Super Mario
Maker.
Hey, drop that shit down the $99.
Okay.
No, I'll buy it for just Super Mario Maker.
I kind of think something like that's coming.
But oh yeah.
Yeah.
Once that comes in, I'll be like, okay, really?
What do you have coming around the corner then?
Just don't forget.
Don't don't forget.
You know, Wii U's been out for like three years now.
There's a back catalog.
There's there's Mario 3D World, Mario Kart 8.
There's a lot of games worthy of your attention, even like Zombie U and shit is still like
really good.
So.
All right.
Anyway, speaking of Nintendo, let me just keep piling it on here.
But this is stuff that's working around the blogs this week because, you know, Nintendo
had to face the investors this week and talking about their E3 conference and how some folks
decided to create change.org petitions out of it.
Comment from Seguro Miyamoto on this whole thing.
Quote, Sony and Microsoft had many announcements of future titles that were not playable.
VR lined the floor as a dream exhibit.
There were lots of video demos of those titles.
And he went on to talk about how the Nintendo had the playable demos and Miyamoto said they
got high praise.
This is what Nintendo's booth looked like.
It was different from other companies.
Everyone was smiling, having fun with games.
There are years when products are more finished and we can communicate their appeal.
This may explain the difference this year.
And they also said there are some unannounced third-party collaborations that are still
in the works.
I don't know.
I just, again, and, you know, I try not to be like super harsh for Nintendo.
I try to be open-minded.
But like, it's a total line of bullshit, this whole thing, where we believe that at E3 we
should only be showing the games six to twelve months out or whatever when just last year.
Just last.
That's why I don't buy the argument.
Like, I was fucking there last year when they were showing Mario Maker and Star Fox the
first time and some of these other games, like the Miyamoto concept games, that still
aren't out.
So I'm like, I'm sorry.
That's some decision you just arbitrarily made this year on why you're showing what
you're showing this year.
But Rumble is a last-gen feature.
Anyway.
Exactly.
That's the one thing that gets me going about these Nintendo lines is I do not buy that
for a minute.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Even if that's your whole new philosophy on E3, then that's one you decided on this year.
It's not something you've done forever.
Exactly.
Be just honest.
You know what?
This year we decided that we're only going to show these games.
Yeah.
We have other stuff in the, you know, we're working on other things, but this is all we're
showing you.
All right.
Anyhow, that's, that's enough on the Nintendo front right now, especially when half of this
is rumor.
Let's move on to some other stuff.
Dark Sakura.
The voice of reason.
Usually.
She'll give you one reason.
Well, there is a new bit of goodies for folks who have donated, well I should say back to
the Shenmue 3 Kickstarter.
At the $60 level, they'll get a physical copy of the game, which is nice because there are
people out here who like physical copies of their damn games.
Who have entire rooms of their house dedicated to physical copies of their damn game.
So you'll either get it for PS4 or Windows, whichever choice you want.
And they also included an apology, excuse me, for their Twitch broadcast and basically
just said it didn't work very well.
Sorry.
I didn't hear about the Twitch broadcast.
What went wrong?
Did anybody follow that?
It just said that it botched.
Uh oh.
Did it botch like Final Fantasy 14 on the Mac bad or are we talking like, I'm just saying.
I didn't say anything and I honestly don't really watch much on Twitch.
So I didn't watch it.
I didn't even know there was a Twitch broadcast, but they said sorry.
So well, a lot of times that's something they'll do to try and raise money for Kickstarters
is that the creators will kind of get on Twitch and take their case to the public basically
and you know, show some more art or any types of renderings that they put together and so
forth.
And that was something they were showing with Shenmue, but they must have just had some
technical difficulties or something.
So let's see.
Fifth Dream in chat says the guys on it were kind of goofy and we're trying to be funny
instead of trying to hype people to pledge and it kind of flopped.
So maybe they said they were sincerely sorry.
Get me to host a telethon.
I'll raise money.
Get Dark Sakura and Loki.
If you don't donate to this, you're an idiot.
So here's the list of reasons why.
Someone gets me a burrito.
I'll run a telethon.
Let's go to the tote board and see how many tacos are in my tummy.
But eight, only eight, I need some more tacos here right now.
I'm actually legit hungry.
So everything reminds me of tacos.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Twitch is too mainstream for Dark Sakura.
You going to go over to hitbox?
No.
I've broadcasted on Twitch before, but only when I was playing Hot to Full Boyfriend.
So maybe I'll do another replay.
But then it became too mainstream, so you know.
Whatever.
So maybe I'll do another replay of the secret Hurtful Boyfriend ending that takes literally
three hours to play through.
What about the sequel?
Aren't they making a sequel?
That was the sequel.
It was, well not, there were other versions, there were other games that were in the series
and like a visual novel and some stuff, but you only need Hot to Full Boyfriend.
I thought the developer was making a news.
No, they're doing, it's just Hot to Full Boyfriend.
It's not even any type of new or anything, it's just Hot to Full Boyfriend.
The new Hot to Full Boyfriend.
It's just Hot to Full Boyfriend, the same one, which is nothing new.
Alright, let's move on to some more stories, Loki.
So perfect example of hey, if you're not going to make it, then we'll make it and we'll leave
your company and make it anyways.
So Comcept has gone back to announce that they're going to be putting out yet another
game.
This was announced during Anime Expo, it's a game called Red Ash and it is a legendary
game with legends and yes, it's headed- Legendary?
It's very legend-y, legendary.
It's a mega man, it's a legend.
Yes so, it's basically Mega Man Legends minus Mega Man.
So Red Ash or Re-Dash?
It's pretty clever, these Kickstarter titles for games that publishers won't do anymore,
they're cracking me up more than anything with the whole blood-stained ritual.
Because it's, because people want this shit and they're funding it and they're buying
it.
Fuck you Capcom, we don't need you anymore and I think that's- hello, maybe you should
listen to your audience.
If people want the game, they're going to find a way to get it.
Why can't you fund a lower budget project or something?
I don't understand why people are so- I guess they have shareholders, a lot of good they're
doing you.
Well here's the thing with this Kickstarter, although this is very exciting and I'm excited
to hear about this, I have to admit, I'm very cautious because I find it odd that we're
going to Kickstarter for the next project when Mighty No. 9 isn't out.
But it's got a release date and it's got a physical disc version that they're going to
be pressing.
I get it.
It's towards the end.
And judging from the beta, it's almost done.
Yeah and I know there's a beta, so I know people have had their hands on it and so forth,
but I don't know, I do find it- and I realize that they work on games like they're starting
this cycle, it's kind of like, I don't know, what's a game that's almost out like in stores
right now?
What's coming out like in September?
Yarn Yoshi or something?
Yarn, okay, Yoshi's Yarn, well that's already out in Europe, but whatever.
Yoshi's Yarn work was probably done in like February, you know, or even sooner than that,
probably before the holidays.
You know, it just takes a little time to get all the discs printed, get all the, you know,
publishing and things done.
They go bold though only a few weeks prior to launch.
It's not that- they're literally working up to date.
But they're starting their next project.
Well yeah.
There's very few people working on it at the end.
The rest, everybody else wants to keep a job, so they're thinking about their next project
in advance.
So from that end, I get it, but at the same time, just as a consumer on Kickstarter, I
feel like, I don't know how I feel about backing your project when I haven't really been able
to assess your first project.
But I think that this-
And if I trust you-
It's a little bit different than say, you know, oh, they just finished funding for Mighty
Number Nine and like two months later, oh, we're funding another Kickstarter project.
It's a little bit different when this is like just coming out in a few months, literally
like two months away.
Yeah.
That's release candidate type stuff.
You know, now you've got a new project being Kickstarted.
I'm kind of okay with that.
It's when you have no- and I understand they have really no track record right now, but
it's- people have actually seen it, played it, they know it's good.
It's coming out very soon.
I mean-
I haven't heard a hundred percent positive, I'm just saying.
Like there's been some things I've seen- and granted, I can't really judge myself till
I play it.
I haven't.
So, you know, disclaimer, whatever.
But I'm seeing some people were like, this isn't really what I was expecting.
So-
A lot of people are also expecting it to look exactly like the concept art, which is stupid.
It never looks exactly like the concept art.
That's why it's concept art.
Go to our chat room over at live.voggenetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says Deep Silver's already on board as a distributor and technically
it was supposed to be out a few months ago, actually hitting its estimated release date
before more happened.
MXC says the build of Mighty No. 983 seemed practically done.
I would have preferred that concept waited until it released for this new Kickstarter
though.
And Bobby Blackwolf says they don't need artists for games they're currently in final bug fix.
So this is probably about, you know, starting that next project before the other one is,
you know-
And I'm all over a new Mega Man Legends game.
I know.
And there's still a part of me that's very like, I feel like I really want to play Mighty
No. 9.
Well, I didn't back Mighty No. 9.
You know what?
I didn't either, actually.
Funny enough.
But I'll buy it when it comes out.
I just, I'm not, you know, I didn't back Bloodstained either.
I don't know.
The last thing I backed was We Happy Few.
I'll check out Mighty No. 9 when it comes out.
And then if I like that, I'll buy this other one when it comes out, probably.
You know, I'm interested enough in it, but I don't, I don't know.
Like does that make me a bad fan because I don't want to run to Kickstarter and pay
in advance?
Like, I don't think there's also anything wrong with saying, that looks neat, can't
wait to play it when it's out.
You know, like I don't have to back it.
That's all right.
It's, there's two sides of the fence here.
I'll fully display my own bias.
I'm probably at least a hundred bucks or so deep into both of those projects and soon
Red Ash, but still and all, you know, if you want to be a little bit more patient about
it, just wait till it's out.
That's okay too.
I mean, there are those that, I guess in this whole crowdfunding world now, the game isn't
going to even have a chance if some people don't dive in, but you know, it's, it's just
one of those things.
Yeah.
And I get that.
And like, if I don't contribute on the Kickstarter, then I can't complain if it doesn't happen,
which I'm willing to accept that.
But I was gonna say, you're, you're a high roller on some of these Kickstarters.
You say you dropped a hundred bucks on Bloodstained and Mighty No. 9?
Yeah.
Wow.
What, why, why'd you roll big on those?
For one, I'm probably...
First, you should spend your money however the hell you want.
I'm not asking you to justify that, but I'm just saying, what, what drove you to that?
Fanboyism.
I'll come to you about fanboyism.
I love your honesty.
I'm like, fine.
You know, I am the big, you know, Mega Man fan, and I've not been too pleased with the
lack of titles lately.
So as soon as I saw that Imafune was on board trying to make something, you know, a spiritual
successor, I'm like, okay, fine.
I can, I can be okay with this.
You know, spiritual successor's down, you know, System Shock 2 going to BioShock.
Okay.
I liked that.
Wasn't exactly the same thing, but it was close.
So okay.
Creator on board with Mighty No. 9.
I have high hopes for this.
Let me go ahead and back this, you know, right away.
Ditto for, uh, uh, for Iga and, uh, and Bloodstained.
What do you think about the whole, um, um, the Mega Man re-release thing?
Cause you said, you said that they haven't been showing Mega Man a lot of love, but then
we just had this news come out about 1 through 6 HD or whatever.
I posted about this a while back.
When's that coming out, by the way?
I don't know if I caught it.
Did anybody in chat catch the release date for that?
I would assume it's before Holiday or around Holiday.
What if they're trying to piggyback on Mighty No. 9 coming out to try to, like, get some
stuff?
That's, that's business, bitches.
Yeah, I understand that, but I'm just saying.
That's what they do.
Oh, here's the thing about the Legacy Collection.
I, I, I made a post about it.
In fact, I think it is.
I think it is right around the time of Mighty No. 9's release, and I think it's, you're,
you're probably right.
That's business, bitches.
It is.
What is it?
Why do they, why do they do those direct-to-video things when, like, Jurassic World is coming
out?
Oh, mockbusters.
Why do they, yeah, the mockbusters.
They come out with, like, Dinosaur Planet.
Oh yeah, because those companies do that.
That's, that's their company.
They do that.
I mean, it's.
That's what they do.
Anyway, Drew, sorry.
So here's the thing about the Legacy Collection, and I, I, I spoke on this a while back when
it was, when it was first announced.
I made a couple posts about it, but Capcom kind of puts die-hard Mega Man fan-moi into
kind of a catch-22.
If I don't buy it, it pretty much means that, oh, the fans aren't, you know, people aren't
interested in the Mega Man series anymore, and we don't see any new games.
If I do buy it, and other, you know, other fans, if we do buy it, it says, okay, it says
to Capcom, oh, they're, they'll go ahead and keep on buying the old shit, and no new games
are going to be made in the series.
I know they're trying to test the waters, but it does put the fans in a difficult position.
That said, I'll buy it anyway, Capcom, take my money.
No, no, here's, here's, here's how you have to look at it, actually.
Look at it, look at it, you know, a few years back with Konami.
Oh, sure, we'll support all your fucking, you know, Bomani stuff, and we'll support
your, oh, Rock Revolution, okay, that shit, you know, but we'll keep supporting this stuff
because we're hoping that another Dance Dance Revolution game comes out or something, but
it never does.
So, you can support Mega Man and those old collections all you want.
That shit ain't going to fucking come out, regardless if you support it or not.
My understanding is that, you know, Digital Eclipse is really making this with, you know,
Capcom's blessing or whatever, and, and I think part of the reason why I'm prone to
support it is I'm kind of swayed over by Digital Eclipse's argument of that it is more of a
criterion collection of games, and, okay, they may have picked a game that, you know,
already had this collection or whatever, but I kind of like that idea about, like, if we're
going to go back and revisit old shit, like, let's give it a real pristine, you know, release.
Let's go back and, you know, update little things and inject some leaderboards into it.
This is all I've ever talked about for Virtual Console, right, like, I would love it if all
the Virtual Console releases looked kind of like this Mega Man thing is shaping up to
be.
I don't know, in that regard, I'm kind of won over a little bit.
I mean, even that Mega Man collection, you know, it wasn't, it didn't have online leaderboards
or any of those, you know, social things that these new systems have or whatever, and I
realize these aren't big things and probably aren't winning everybody over, but I just
kind of think those are things that are weighing on my decision and I'll probably end up getting
it.
The thing is, I know I'm not alone here when, you know, I say I'm, I love the older games,
I'm sick and tired of seeing them all over again.
This is going to be, what, the fourth or fifth time in Virtual Console, anniversary collections,
what have you.
Give me something new!
I am sick of The Wizard of Oz and I wish they would stop screening it in theaters.
I am just so goddamn sick of that movie, they don't need to release, The Wizard of Oz on
Blu-ray, stop fucking up my Blu-ray section with another goddamn release of The Wizard
of Oz.
Exactly.
All their jolly singing, this isn't what I want to see.
Do lollipop men piss you off, Loki?
No, you know what, I want to see that fucking crossover, the Avengers fucking, you know,
Wizard of Oz shit with the fucking dark ass, you know, tin man, that's the shit I want
to see.
Let's get some fucking Tim Burton shit out here, fuck Johnny Depp being in it and stuff,
I want some dark ass Wizard of Oz, you know, fucking, I want it to be so goddamn dark that
Return of Oz seems like fucking ponies and magic and rainbows and shit, you know, that's
what I want to see.
I want kids to go in there, oh, Wizard of Oz, that sounds awesome, and I want them to
come out fucking scared for their goddamn lives, like holy shit, I want them to be fucked
up.
That was Return of Oz, that queen collected heads in a jar, that's why our generation
is fucked up, Loki, that movie.
Because people weren't ready for that yet, and then Futurama came out and it was okay.
They were giving Farooza bulk like shock therapy, it was like part of the plot of that movie.
It was an awesome movie.
Have you ever read the books?
Actually, yes, they're messed up too.
Yeah, but they were, honestly, I thought they were good.
That's why I'm saying, they need to take the books and adapt it to fucking darken shit.
Well jeez, Rob, you and your ruby shoes just invalidated my entire pissed off argument,
that makes it all okay now!
Well, actually, in the book, they were silver slippers, I'll have you know.
Ewwww.
Yes.
Ewwww.
So they need to remake the whole fucking movie because the slippers were the wrong fucking
color.
So they need to go back and do it.
The whole reason that they did that is because they would show up better on screen.
The end.
That's not a problem now in this day.
I didn't buy no goddamn high definition television for you to tell me it can't show certain colors.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on, shall we?
Let's talk about something else.
Let's talk about music games.
Better yet, Vocaloid games, because who doesn't love Hatsune Miku type of games, you know?
I bought Project Diva.
Did you?
Yep.
Actually, those are fun games.
I really can't hate on those types of games, because Hatsune Miku, that's a fun series.
Well there's another series, this actually isn't a story about Hatsune Miku, but Vocaloid
type games are pretty popular over in Japan.
Like, you know, they have that growing popularity.
They might not be as popular here, but there could be a reason for that.
And that is that they can't seem to ever release them here.
One game I want to talk about is Tamsoft's IAVT Colorful.
It's a rhythm game that's based on first place's Vocaloid Idol.
So, and you know what, this trailer has Japanese narration in it, but you can definitely hear
the music, so you'll know what I'm talking about here.
Like it's so happy.
How can you possibly be in a bad mood when you're playing a game like that and hearing
music like that?
Well, can we work on that title first off?
I know, right?
That's a winning title for the American market.
It might need a different title if it comes over here, but anyway, here's the thing.
As cute as that game sounds, you're probably going to have to import it if you ever want
to play it.
Producer of the game Kenshiro Takaaki said in an interview with Silicon Era, quote, since
it's a music title and since music is arguably one of the most protected media types artists
have, it just means more doors to knock on and more approvals to get.
It's far more difficult than a Senran Kagura title.
So in other words, a lot of these, you know, music rights issues and we, you know, covering
music games, we know that this is always an issue with trying to get games over here
is that the music licensing is always a pain in the ass.
And to this day, here we are, what, 14 years later, I say this is why Konami turned a blind
eye to the DDR machines being over here.
At the end of the day, Konami didn't care because they were, you know, they probably
cared about the pirated machines, but the legit sale ones, whatever, they couldn't release
those games here because the US music industry wasn't going to license those songs at the
same rates that the Japanese industry was.
So Konami could build up awareness of the games and release the home versions that did
have those, you know, I don't understand what the big deal is anyway.
So what, you release something in another country and someone imports it.
Who gives a shit if, you know, licensing rights weren't paid over here as well as over there?
I mean, it just goes, I think they do give a shit because money, right money.
Well, I understand, but like, I just don't understand why they feel that they're entitled
to more money because they feel like they're always entitled to more money.
Well, I think the music industry is just woefully out of touch with the fact that we are in
this global, you know, world now that we're connected because the internet and some would
say that's what fucked over the music industry in the late nineties was that Napster broke
down that wall real quick of, you know, being able to get stuff in Japan and the, you know,
no longer do people have to drop all this extra money to import CDs from other companies.
God, I remember I used to buy import CDs.
I used to buy import singles to get like that extra rare bonus track and all that stuff.
I don't have to do that in the digital age.
That's done.
I mean, now we're in the world of Spotify and Pandora and Apple music.
What have you just started like this?
Yeah.
So, but I dunno, I kind of feel like in some ways the licensing needs to catch up a little
bit too.
And if you're gonna license things, it needs to be a global license in this day and age.
Like I just don't understand the whole, and I'm sure there's more legal reasons, but I
just from a, from a consumer viewpoint of I'll just import the damn thing from Japan,
whatever, you know, I, it just feels really out of touch with the global world we live
in.
Well, the licensing and the, uh, I guess the existing fan base, I mean, that does at least
explain why for some odd reason we actually are getting persona for dancing all night.
You want to talk about a niche spinoff title?
Do you know that I know several people that imported that though, because they can't wait.
I almost did.
I almost did.
I'll wait.
I have on pre-order.
I'm a bad person.
That's the one thing that's kept Shane out of heaven's word for like several hours this
weekend is the fact that, oh yeah, I was not lying cause I was playing persona for dancing
all night.
I'm like, of course you were.
Of course you were.
Yeah.
When I got my PlayStation, um, TV last week, I was like, well, can you guys pick up like
a physical gaming video with that?
That's all that's on the Vita nowadays is Japanese import games.
If that's what you're into, the Vita is your system right there and all sorts of the classics.
Hence why my new Vita is Japanese region this time, so I can actually play some new games.
There you go.
Anyway, uh, that's, I just wanted to bring that up on, you know, we love music games.
Uh, anyhow, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Hopefully tacos.
Um, well, this one is, uh, I have been reading the speculation for a while on this one, um,
and BioWare has this bad habit of putting out surveys that sort of, uh, not really leaks
as much as spills out in a torrent of information, everything ever about anything they're going
to do.
So the survey that was released, um, said that there are ideas out for a $14.99 a DLC
for Dragon Age Inquisition related to the story.
And it said that this is, uh, supposed to be like the last adventure as well as your
next mission.
So basically it's the fate of the Inquisition.
Um, and the quote on here says that it's going to revolve around, and this is where the quote
starts, the one who started it all and facing a great evil before it is too late.
So of course, plenty of us are wondering, is it the Wolf Hunt?
Is it the Wolf Hunt?
Some people think it's going to go in another direction, you know, but we're...
But what you didn't know is that BioWare hired special guest author for this DLC, George
R.R. Martin, and everyone will be killed.
Yay!
And then Porky Pig comes out at the end, bleep, bleep, bleep, that's all folks.
Anyway, I'll read exactly what was in the, uh, the email thing.
It said, uh, having saved the world of Thedas by closing the breach, your next mission will
determine the future of the Inquisition.
Your mark suddenly glows, erupting with magic connected to the Fade, which makes me instantly
think of who I think it is.
Assassin's attack in shadow, an invasion of enemies begins, when a race against time to
face a great evil before it is too late.
In this story-based expansion, playable after the events of Dragon Age Inquisition, you
will embark on a last adventure with your team to confront the one who started it all.
Part of me also hopes that this is our version of Citadel.
Of the Citadel DLC.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
And then they're traveling through the woods and all of a sudden they come across this
crashed spaceship, happens to be the normal guy, and a strange child.
From the bullet points, you get to fight a bunch of Qunari.
You have brand new areas to go through, you get to go through the Fade, and different
optional gameplay modes.
More romance scenes, because the Citadel really brought some feels, like remember the Thane
thing in the Citadel DLC?
That was some, that was some feels.
I should go.
There's also an add-on pack that has spoils of Avvar, and that came from Jaws of Hakkon,
we had the Black Emporium come out.
I will tell you this, for anyone looking for folks who are playing the beta, there's
no beta stuff out yet, and that's all I can say about it, because NDA, so.
Yeah, but if anything was out there it would be all over the internet.
Yeah, other people would say so, not me, but I'm just saying, if anyone's looking to beta
testers to reveal anything, there's nothing out there yet.
No beta releases.
Go into the chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth Dream says, I got a survey about that DLC, so it's out there.
She isn't making it up, folks.
It's out there.
Yeah, just, there's nothing out there being tested yet, so.
What's the one thing you really want to see in this DLC as a big Dragon Age fan, Darzara?
I definitely want to see a resolution for the Solas romance, because that was the first
one I did, and now I'm all about Cullen, so whatever, but I would like to see a resolution
and have that play into what I think is going to happen.
Alright.
Yeah.
Well, in the meantime, we have some things that are coming out a little sooner than this
DLC.
It's travel around the world and check out some release dates, starting off with the
US, Loki.
As it previously stated when we were talking about Nintendo releasing the NX in July, there
is nothing coming out in July, and that is the case this week.
There is nothing coming out this week.
Very slow month.
It is an incredibly slow month, but it's typical.
That's true.
Not even, you would think with this holiday weekend we just had, we would have had something
a little...
Typically, no.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, traveling on over to Japan to see if the story is a little different there.
Checking out the Japanese releases, you know, I gotta say, it's looking a little empty in
Japan as well.
We don't really have releases on the PlayStation 4 until July 16th.
That's when Batman Arkham Knight finally gets its release, but again, that is on July 16th.
Xbox One, pretty much the same story.
So I'm gonna turn to the Wii U, which also, July 16th is when Yoshi's Woolly World comes
out.
Otherwise, it's slow over there.
Even the Vita, the only thing the Vita has this week is Taiko no Tatujin V version comes
out on July 9th.
So that is pretty much the lone release there on the Vita for this coming week.
And then lastly, on the 3DS, we have a little more on the 3DS this week.
For July 9th, we have Ch to Sch Atsumare Saky no Tsshia Tachi comes out from
Bandai Namco.
And on July 11th, this is kind of a big deal, Yokoi Watch Busters.
Is this, are these games, this might be like a spinoff game.
I don't think this is actual Yokoi Watch game, but these are like a little spinoff game.
Those are available on the 3DS this week.
And that might be part of the reason why some other games are staying away, because those
games are pretty big over in Japan, and they're going to see if they're going to end up being
a big deal here in the coming months when they finally release it here stateside.
But otherwise, that's really it for Japanese releases.
How about the UK?
Um, some things, not really much.
On the 7th, Geometry Wars 3 Dimensions, Worms World Party Remastered for PC.
And on the 8th, Numa Breath of Life.
That's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
Loki.
So, apparently, Warner Brothers was well aware of the PC version condition for Arkham Knight
when it was released.
Basically, they had some anonymous QA testers that, I guess, were part of a report to Kotaku.
They were talking about, you know, basically, I will say that it's pretty rich for Warner
Brothers to act like they had no idea the game was in such a horrible state.
It's been like this for months, and all the problems we see now are the exact same, unchanged
almost a year ago.
So, that's too bad.
How does that make you feel, Drew, as the consumer of Arkham Knight on PC, to know that
Warner knew what a hot mess it was?
Released it anyway.
Grrr.
I don't have a rant for this.
I'm internalizing it right now, I just don't have a rant for this.
It's like, they, I don't know, because I feel like, you know, they're having to eat a lot
of money now with all these returns and things, so I just feel like, I don't know, if they
knew about it and still released it, it was not a healthy decision.
I feel like I'm...
Some executive needs to reevaluate if that's the right career for them.
It's like I was being mad at Obsidian over KOTOR 2 not being finished before I got pushed
out the door.
It's kind of like that.
They said that only 10% of the testers are devoted to the PC version, and they were saying
that the console versions were not nearly as easy to work with as expected, and they
were testing primarily at 720p, and they were worried that the spoilers, you know, for Arkham
Knight would come out.
Interesting.
Let's see.
Oh, don't worry, by the time it comes out in a playable form, I'll already be spoiled
on it.
Yeah, so PC testing firms that are used to stress test games on different hardware conditions,
but I guess maybe they weren't testing it well enough, I don't know.
But it sounds like that they were aware of the situation, and maybe, I don't know, once
again, like, if you know it's broken, then why release it?
Were these test systems imaginary?
Because I know that I've been running a pretty good spec machine myself.
I just think that they're just like, ah, fuck it, we're gonna release it and make money
off of it, and we'll patch it out later, you know.
I don't know.
I don't know what they thought, but the problem was, you know, maybe they made this decision
prior to knowing that Steam was gonna do the refunds?
I don't know.
It says bad either way.
Wait, let me, quick comment from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster
says, gee, delay to fix it or suffer humiliation, be forced to pull it from sale, and then try
to fix it while getting criticized after, decisions, decisions.
As Joan Hunter-Matt says, they probably evaluated that more people would be pissed that they
delayed it again, rather than just release it and fix it later.
How do you come up with that?
Whatever.
Whatever.
Anyway.
And then there was a little bit of talk about the Harley Quinn DLC missions, or pre-order
DLC that came with the game that you really, you add the pre-order of that to get it, otherwise
you're gonna miss out on 30 minutes of gameplay.
That's how long it was.
30 minutes long.
30 minutes?
30 minutes of gameplay.
Oh my god.
But hey, I will have you know though, even though the PC version's broken, Batgirl DLC
is coming out.
So be sure to pre-order that shit, because I'm glad that they're working on that and
not fixing the game.
Alright, one more story I have for you guys, and a suitable segue into the classic game
of the week.
The console that never was, the Super Nintendo PlayStation.
Yes, that's right, the Super Nintendo PlayStation.
You know, I bet a lot of you have probably already seen this on Facebook and other social
media, but yeah, this really caught wildfire via Reddit, as some things tend to go viral
over there.
And this guy on Reddit posted that he had the device, was posting pictures, and I think
he even posted a video of what this whole thing was.
And basically, you know, it was the whole, my dad worked for Nintendo type of thing,
although it was a little more complicated than that.
My dad worked for a company, and somebody he used to work with worked at Nintendo, and
the dad's company went bankrupt, and the dad found it in a box of junk that he was supposed
to throw out.
Now, here's the thing, the dude can't find a power cord that works on the system, so
he can't, like, just plug it in and play with it.
So we don't know what the thing does, or what this mysterious cartridge that's also with
it.
Yes, I'm sure it'll be-
It said something on the cartridge, though.
It did.
I'm sure it would be impossible to, I don't know, pick up a universal power supply and
figure out, you know...
Yeah, they're not that difficult to make.
Well, a lot of people are saying to be very careful, because this is very valuable hardware,
so you don't want to just plug any old power supply into it.
Well, doesn't that say what kind of voltage it is?
It does.
It says 7.6 volts.
It says right there-
There you go!
That's gonna be too hard.
Just find a 7.6 volts DC power adapter, plug it in, done.
But I can also understand the whole, I don't want to, you know, maybe what's labeled isn't
what's really in it, because these are test units.
Just saying, you know, I can understand when this thing could be thousands of dollars to
a collector, why you might not want it to catch fire.
It's not gonna catch fire.
10-6-92?
Yeah, that's probably around the time frame when they were working on it.
I can't read this.
Yeah.
So, anyhow, let's see, go into our chatroom over at live.vognet.com.
Dungeon Buster says it's been sitting in a box of junk for years, so who knows what condition
it's in.
Hey, those Super Nintendos, though, they can take a beating.
Like they'll turn an awful, awful color, but they work.
I think Dan had one that fell down two flights of stairs and it still worked.
Oh yeah, my Super Nintendo still works.
But I bought Clue at a flea market a while ago.
You can actually clean that discoloration off of it, too.
Oh, can you?
They have like something meant for that, actually, that yellowing.
Nice.
Yeah, it was pretty hardcore plastic.
We remember talking one time about the Game Boy that survived a bomb blast.
Oh yeah, because they have it in the museum at the Nintendo store in New York City.
Yep.
Yeah, yeah.
Crazy.
That is a good segue, I think, for us to get into the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to boot up her Super Nintendo PlayStation.
Just kidding, she doesn't have one, but she does have a Super Nintendo and a PlayStation.
Several of each.
So smush them together and step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey,
you kids should be checking out this game this week.
Which actually...
But don't do drugs.
Which actually, I think, comes from one of those systems, doesn't it?
Don't do drugs.
Yes, don't do drugs.
Or if you're, you know, going to do drugs.
Do it with people watching you so they can laugh at you.
Alright.
And then put it on YouTube.
Have a doctor's permission slip.
Ooh, Oxycontin.
I'm kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding.
Okay, so the game of the week actually is a PlayStation game called LSD.
Don't do drugs.
Yes, don't do drugs.
Also known as LSD Dream Emulator, which was released in Japan in 1998 and it came out
on the PlayStation based on a dream journal that one of the staff members at Asmik Ace
Entertainment had been keeping for over a decade.
His name...
Actually, I don't think it's a he because it sounds like a girl name, but Hiroko Nishikawa.
Anyway, there were three products that were released about the journal.
One of them is a music CD called LSD and Remixes.
And Lovely Sweet Dream, both of those were limited.
And then the game itself, because it is just so weird, has a kind of a cult following on
it.
It also has been referenced that it could be sort of like a reference to the drug and
the, you know, surreal state of mind that it can put one in.
Although there's different phrases that are attributed to it, like in LVS Dream, so in
Life the Sensuous Dream, or in Limbo the Silent Dream.
There was a fan remake actually in progress since October 2011.
There's a public alpha build out of it for Windows.
So basically, it's a first person wander type of game.
You can use the left and right directional buttons to look around, the up and down is
to make you move forward or backwards, the front shoulder buttons turn around, back shoulder
is to strafe.
And then you can hold the X button to run.
You hear your footprint, your footsteps through the whole game too.
And it's just depending on whatever type of environment that you're in.
And then this kind of odd music in the background.
So basically you're in like a dream world.
You walk around and explore, you look around.
If you bump into walls, you'll go into another dream because you are being linked into it.
If you bump into people, animals, or special objects, you'll get an even weirder environment.
Silent Stream is up to 10 minutes and then you'll wake up and then you'll be sent back
to the menu.
If you fall off a cliff or into a hole, you will wake up immediately.
And you get a graph that tracks the player's state of mind, whether it's up or down or
static or dynamic, depending on the areas that you go through.
And different states will affect your future dreams.
So there are some different things that will happen over, like you'll get eyes on the walls
that will stare at you.
You can visit the same place several times, but it will change in different subtle ways.
You'll get new items to encounter.
You'll get new creatures, including a nymph that flies around, a wild horse running on
the prairie.
There's a man that fills up an entire room, a pterodactyl, and a face on legs.
Moisturize me.
What?
Yes, I went there.
A Doctor Who reference.
Fantastic.
You'll also meet a man in a gray trench coat who people have called the shadow man or the
gray man, and he glides only in one direction.
He doesn't have any walking animation.
You can walk around him and see his full model, but his head is always slightly bent
toward you.
If you get too close to him, the screen will flash and he'll disappear.
And then it removes your ability to recall the dream.
So you can, you know, you get the ability to revisit some of the dreams, but these are
the ones that you can't.
You also get an abyss demon who lures you to a site that you just can't get to.
And then he will appear like, and make you go into a new game.
He also will, there's sometimes a giant man in a wall who will headbutt you.
So it's just a bunch of weirdness and you can, you know, after about 15 to 30 days of
playing, you get the flashback, which is about two to four minutes of going back to some
of the previous dreams.
The...
Kaijuto wants to know, is Freddy in it?
No.
It's me.
You know what this reminds me of?
Just looking at footage of this, it looks like a first person version of a game I heard
of called Yume Nikki, which is kind of a, I guess, more of a dream or nightmare simulator.
But that was like third person type stuff.
It's very strange.
It looks like one of those fucked up VR demos used to download from a BBS in the 1990s.
There's, the music in this game though is really striking for this.
It was composed by Osamu Sato, has 500 patterns of background music.
And the soundtrack was compiled into the LSD and remixes.
And there was also an album called Lucy in the Sky with Dynamites.
And yeah, so it's a really freaky game.
I actually have played an emulated version of it once and it gave me nightmares.
So I probably wouldn't recommend it to too many people.
So don't play this game for the first time in Classic Game of the Week history.
It was the trench coat guy.
It was just the weirdest thing.
But I mean, I could make up a dream game, you know, like a literal dream game.
The like from weird dreams that I have, because I have weird dreams all the fucking time.
And mine would probably be more interesting and better rendered.
If I can play Slenderman and still always sleep at night, you can play LSD.
You still haven't played that Five Nights at Freddy's that I got you.
I still apparently have been given an open challenge to go through at least four nights.
Good luck.
I made it through two and then died on the third, so whatever.
All right.
There it is, your Classic Game of the Week LSD Dream Emulator for the PlayStation 1.
There's nothing quite like it out there, so check that out.
Or don't, because it'll give you horrible nightmares.
Hey, we're going to take a quick break.
But when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, hey, something very special
for you guys tonight.
Because Drew is here and we have a blast from the past, I thought, you know what?
Let's do a segment that we haven't done in a long time here on OLR.
So tonight, the return of Video Game Match Game is coming back.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live with our 604th episode in progress
for this July the 5th of 2015.
And we're going to get right back into it here, because we've got a busy segment coming
up.
We're already running a little long, and we're throwing a match game into it.
But of course, if you're just joining us live, we have Intern Drew coming back to the
show for the first time in four years.
You're welcome.
You having fun tonight?
I didn't ask for you to come.
You just showed up.
I'm just kidding.
A certain somebody walked by a certain someone else's cube at a certain locat and said, hey,
you coming to the show?
It's always good to see some old school people here in the studio.
We like the new school people, too.
We like a little bit of both.
Just like us, better.
Whatever.
All right.
We're going to get back into it.
We've got some rapid fire news coming at you.
Loki.
So there's a game called Zero Gravity AX that's supposed to be coming to the Wii U, and it's
basically an indie version of F-Zero, and it looks pretty amazing.
However, unfortunately, as cool as it looks, they decided to take it down, because it's
a little too much like F-Zero, like literally the ship that they put in there, that's straight
out of F-Zero.
So they're retooling it right now.
Basically the comment was, we're going to cancel the project due to the big amount of
negative feedback in the discussion about the Blue Falcon, and copyright made our decision
easy.
The footage on the page was an earlier build and a prototype.
It never should be in the final game in this form, as written down on the Kickstarter page.
However, we have learned that from that, we understand that now that an F-Zero indie
remake from a small dev team is not what you guys want.
We thank everybody who shared our campaign and who gave us feedback.
So they'll probably come back at some point.
It looks pretty amazing.
It may look like an F-Zero game that was done by an indie team.
It's sad that an indie team can pull off something that cool, but Nintendo doesn't want to bother
with it.
Oh, it's great that an indie team can pull off something that cool.
I know, I'm just saying it's sad that Nintendo doesn't want to, but look at the potential
of this.
It looks amazing.
Follow the example of Axiom Verge, for instance.
Yeah, Axiom Verge turned out great.
I think there's a lot they can still do with that there.
I even liked a game like Blur, which kind of was like F-Zero meets Mario Kart, but yet
the public really rejected that game.
But I thought it was better than people made it out to be, that's for sure.
In Australia, they have now banned some more video games, and the reason for this is that
they've adopted a new video game classification model to help age-rate digital games on Steam
and stuff like that, and based on that, they have refused classification to 220 different
games.
Geez.
And some of the games that are banned are Douchebag Beach Club and Drunk Driver, obviously
these go figure games.
So apparently this is within a four month times ban that these 220 games have been refused
classification, which is apparently four times the amount in the last past decade.
What was that game that was on GameCube, the one that had the, it was so bad, and then
it turned out there was like an underage girl in it, and it was really really awkward.
The guy game!
The guy game.
Oh, guy game, yep.
I'm sure that got banned.
Best way to pimp your game in other countries, say it was so hardcore, it got banned in Australia.
Banned in Australia.
Come play, what was that, Douchebag Beach Club?
Douchebag Beach Club.
Douchebag Beach Club, banned in Australia.
Or Drunk Driver.
Oh my god, anyway, well if you want to play something a little more friendly that's not
going to be banned in Australia, because it's paint, it's not blood, it's paint, of course
I'm talking about Splatoon.
And Splatoon, you know, still rolling out some features and updates, you know, obviously
we were going back and forth a little bit on the teen cat and dog thing, which was part
of the Splatfest that happened on the 4th of July, however before that happened, Tower
Control was actually released into ranked mode.
Tower Control is maps that have one floating tower in the center, and you're going to hop
on it and ride it towards the opponent's base.
Holding the tower takes you further into the enemy territory, but of course that's going
to leave you a little more vulnerable to getting splatted.
So you have to use teamwork, which is interesting because there's no voice chat, but I'm not
going to be that guy this week.
That is totally a ripoff of, what was it, Harmonics' first person shooter, they had
something exactly like that.
Well you know what though, it's still variety, I think that's a good thing, I think it's
a good thing for Splatoon to keep adding those features and more fun for the game or what
have you.
And by the way, with all that, the update to version 1.3.0, and some of the changes,
for example, when there are more members on one team than the other and the matchmaking
process takes too long, members from the same team will be able to battle each other, interesting.
Some ability adjustments to Ninja Squid, Stealth Jump, and Ink Resistance up, and yeah, so
lots of little things here and there, so check that out.
Also in the world of Shovel Knight, Shovel Knight is coming to retail, Shovel Knight
will be released on the Wii U, the 3DS, the PlayStation 4, and the Xbox One at retail.
The date, October 13th for North America, October 16th in Europe.
You will get everything that's been released so far, and there's going to be some other
stuff as well.
The Specter Knight campaign, the King Knight's campaign, battle mode, and body swap mode,
so you can do that, which will allow you to change Shovel Knight into a lady and Shield
Knight into a dude, so you can swap genders there, so there you go, and you can swap the
rest of the cast if you want.
You also get an instruction booklet with the physical copies, so I think there's going
to be a lot of people excited there about those Shovel Knight releases, which, speaking
of these physical releases, Wii U and 3DS are apparently going to be getting something
a little bit special.
The Plague of Shadows and, no I'm sorry, those are actually, oops, sorry, misspoke, that's
already coming into the game, the Plague of Shadows and the battle mode, you can tell
I have not played either of those yet, but apparently something is going to be happening
for the Nintendo versions that's similar to the God of War content and the Sony one, or
the Battletoads and the Xbox One.
So something will be happening there on the Nintendo platforms, but we don't know exactly
what it is.
Could it be a battle with Ganon?
Something where maybe you work with Mario and Luigi?
Who knows?
It's always Ganon.
Amiibo support!
Amiibo support?
Oh please?
Please, please?
Dire Sakura, what do you have for us?
Well, how many people really like Star Wars?
A bunch.
So Star Wars Battle, I'm sorry I'm still full of the delicious kettle corn, thanks Rob.
Star Wars Battlefront is not going to be doing space battles, there are no space maps, but
now also there will not be infantry battles, and there will not, at least on a map that
is based on the Death Star.
So there's not going to be basically a Death Star map, but they said stay tuned for more
details, so whatever, there's no Death Star, I'm not interested.
This is looking less and less like Battlefront.
And then Tekken, woo hoo Tekken, and you know what makes me happy, Kuma!
Basically Tekken 7 has already been doing some teasers, and there have been, I'd probably
say a few more different interesting things, but now there was, said that there's going
to be a major announcement on July 7th, and I wish, I hope that it's gone.
As in the character, gone, because.
Because dinosaurs.
Because dinosaurs.
Well, and also that, and you might, there's been an allusion to Jack coming back as Jack
7, so that's kind of cool.
Anything's better than P-Jack.
Alright, we'll see what becomes of this big Tekken tease soon.
In the meantime, we're going to go to our Facebook and Google Plus communities, because
you smoosh those words together and you get foogle.
It is time for the Foogle Question of the Week, where we ask our fan communities a question
and mull over some of your answers.
This week we asked about the Red Ash Kickstarter, and we said, you know, Comcept is of course
behind the previously successful Mighty No. 9 Kickstarter, and you'll see its legend,
so Mega Man legend, wink wink, nudge nudge.
What do you think about this Kickstarter?
Are you excited, or do you have concerns when Mighty No. 9 has yet to hit shelves?
Let's see what y'all thought over on Facebook, where Silent Tom said, I understand developers
should always be striving for the next big thing, but I feel they may have jumped the
gun on this, not even seeing how the public responded to Mighty No. 9, seems a bit strange.
Raginator says, I have no opinion, I never played the Mega Man Legends games, so I have
no emotional ties to the series, plus I never Kickstarted anything, and I have no interest
to do so now.
Andy R. said, the game itself doesn't interest me much, so I think I'll pass, I've generally
adopted a wait and see approach to Kickstarter, so if the game ends up coming out and is good,
I'll pick it up then.
Tech 2030 said, not too hype on Mega Man, so not too interested in this, only Mega Man
related remake and successor I'm interested in is the Battle Network series.
Interesting, so I don't know if we just didn't hear from enough people this week or what,
but Facebook seems pretty, uh, not into it, not feeling it.
Interesting, that was a very small sampling than what we usually get though, so we'll
see, but let's, let's, let's see if the same was on Google Plus.
Over on Google Plus, we had ActDeft who said, I think this is not the first time something
like this has happened, granted this is a AAA title and people are still gonna be mad
after they fix and re-release the game, but if the game, I'm sorry, that is from last
week, what the hell am I doing, I'm starting to read that, I'm like, wait a minute, this
is about fixing the game, hold up, sorry, when I went into my notifications on Google
Plus, it showed me that post at the top, did nobody answer on Google Plus this week?
What's going on?
No, we had one answer this week from Redertainment on Google Plus, who said, I have a problem
with entities using Kickstarter for multiple projects, shouldn't the success of one project
be used to fund other projects?
Hmm, so that's a pretty big no, again, that's a smaller sampling than we usually get on
the FOOGLE question, I don't know if Facebook just didn't decide to show it to people this
week or what, but I'm not feeling it on this one, it seems, so I'd welcome your emails,
if you feel differently on this, participate at orangelandrado.com, I think we already
discussed that here at length here in studio, so I don't know if we want to revisit it.
With that particular comment though, the success of one project, the game is not even out yet,
so we're thinking cost of development plus profit hasn't really gone into retail production
yet and actually sold some stuff, so they would still need money to fund the development
of another game, at least until, this is a fairly new concept for people, or concept
I suppose, but still and all, my answer though is not necessarily.
Alright, let's move on, and we're going to get to some more news, so that was it for
the FOOGLE question of the week, so Loki, what do you have for us?
So Mad Catz, they are having some debt problems, and they are basically securing some extra
credit or further credit line to allow them to release Rock Band 4, and it's basically
going to be, you know, whether they end up defaulting on their debt, it's all depending
on how well Rock Band 4 does, which hopefully they'll do well.
Hear that, buy Rock Band 4, do it now.
Buy Rock Band 4 or you're going to drive this company bankrupt, that's what happened.
Mad Catz isn't really, I mean they're mostly peripherals, they tried kind of getting into
game development a little bit, and I mean, I guess they are publishing Rock Band 4, but
aside from that, I mean they haven't really done a whole ton, so I don't know, and a lot
of their bread and butter was those Rock Band peripherals, and it's been a while, so I don't
know.
Buy extra copies of Rock Band 4.
Buy copies for your friends and family members and so forth.
Alright, let's get into one more story here before we get to Match Game tonight about
Dragon Quest.
I'm sure y'all are excited, Drew, you've got to be a Dragon Quest fan, if you like your
JRPGs, right?
Oh yeah.
How much did it piss you off that they did Dragon Quest 7 and 8 versions on the 3DS and
they were like, nah, we're not going to release them in America, they're not coming out.
I loved 8.
I know, 8 was great.
Cor, blimey, I loved 8.
Anyhow, hey, there is hope, apparently these games may be heading west at some point.
This is in speaking at the Japan Expo in Paris, the creator apparently made a little slip
up about the games possibly coming out, so getting a little bit localized there, so some
tweets talking about 3DS for Dragon Quest 7 and 8 getting localized, I guess the translator
got upset when that was announced, so hmm, does look promising, although surprisingly
they wouldn't have said anything about that at E3, because that would have made a great
little holiday thing.
ActDeft in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says, I want Theatrhythm Dragon Quest in
America now.
Yes please.
All right, well folks, I think it is time to do some matching, and we're going to bring
up a segment that we haven't done in a very long time, it's time to play Video Game Match
Game.
I do this just to play that song, because I love this, the porny match game thing is
the best thing ever.
All right, so in order to play the game, we're going to need some contestants, so I'm going
to say in chat here, if you want to play match game in chat, say, pick me for match
game now.
Okay, so we're going to find a chatter there in the chatroom to play match game, and then
we're going to open up the Skype line here in just a moment for a contestant as well,
1877 Game O.L.R., username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, so instead of Team Cat and Team
Dog, we have Team Skype and Team Chatter.
So if you forgot how match game works, this is how it works, is that we're going to read
some phrases, and in those phrases, there will be a blank, and your job as the contestant
is to match your hosts here in studio.
Now joining us in match game tonight are myself, Rob Roberts, Dark Sakura, who's playing for
the Taco Foundation, Loki, who's playing for the Let's Lower the Time It Takes Burger King
to Make a Very Simple Order Foundation, Drew, who's playing for the AARP this week because
he's 30.
And of course, joining us in studio, playing to feed his addiction to Final Fantasy Record
Keeper is Alan, Alan is going to be joining us as well, so you have five people here in
studio that you can play with.
So if you want to call and be a participant on match game, call us now, 1877 Game O.L.R.,
our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Now somebody needs to put their neck out there and do this because this is going to be very
embarrassing if I don't get any stinking contestants for the game tonight.
So if you want to be a contestant on Skype, 1877 Game O.L.R., our username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio, call us right now.
Fair warning to people who have not played O.L.R. match game before, this does sometimes
devolve into cards against Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, a little bit.
Be prepared.
Be prepared.
Be very prepared.
So there's a little bit of a buffer between the time, I should have said that at the start
that somebody should call us, there's going to be a little bit of a buffer between when
the message gets out there and when we'll actually start getting calls.
So again, if you want to play match game, 1877 Game O.L.R., our username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio.
No act deaf, nobody's called yet, so if you want a guaranteed you can get in, you can
do that.
Are people upset that we're bringing back match game?
When we used to do this, it would be like 20 people all calling at once.
Just do it.
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
Just do it.
Is that the Shia LaBeouf thing?
It is.
I thought it was.
I didn't know what that was all about.
Oh, thank God.
We have a call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Brad from Pod Culture.
Brad from Pod Culture?
You here to play the match game?
Hi, Brad.
Hey, well, I'm just forget I've never done one of your damn games with y'all before,
so why the hell not?
Why the hell not?
I am with you there.
All right, so let's see.
We don't have a lot of people in chat that really want to play this week, so.
The hell with all of you.
The hell with all of you.
So let's see.
I'm going to narrow it down.
All right, heads or tails?
Heads or tails?
Cats or dogs?
Tails.
Tails.
All right, you're going to be playing against Zappi tonight.
Zappi is going to be your opponent here, so I'm going to make sure send your answers to
me.
Congrats.
You are playing against Brad.
Poor Act Deaf got shut out.
You beat him.
You just beat him by a moment on the phone lines, and there you go.
And then Zappi beat him there in the chat room.
So it's going to be Zappi versus Brad tonight.
All right, finally, we can do this.
All right, Brad, you comfortable with the rules?
You know how this works?
You're going to read a sentence, and there's going to be a blank?
Yeah.
All right.
Now give us a little bit of time.
Don't just shout out your answer, Brad.
We have to tell you we're ready for your answer.
So listen carefully.
Here it is.
Okay.
All right.
Question.
And then Zappi, you're going to say yours in a private message to me in the chat.
So if you guys want to help them out, you can leave your responses over at live.vognetwork.com.
All right.
So here we go.
Question number one.
In a dark boardroom in Japan somewhere, executives were astounded at the success of Kickstarters
for projects like Bloodstained and Mighty No. 9.
That's it, a boardroom executive spoke up.
The only way we're going to save this company is for our company, Konami, to run a Kickstarter
for blank.
Exploding president cat.
Hold on.
Don't answer until I say we're ready for an answer.
What did I just say?
Maybe this is why we have to rethink your answer.
Yeah.
Now you have to come up with a new answer.
All right.
I'm going to...
Wait.
I was...
So let me read that one more time.
The only way we're going to save this company, Konami, is to run a Kickstarter for blank.
So who's in?
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
All right.
Ding.
I went with a serious answer.
I didn't have time to be funny.
I'm still waiting on Zappi.
Zappi, you got to send me your answer here.
Waiting on Zappi.
Need.
Zappi!
In a dark boardroom in Japan, executives were astounded at the success of Kickstarters for
projects like Bloodstained and Mighty No. 9.
That's it.
A boardroom executive spoke up.
The only way we're going to save this company is for our company, Konami, to run a Kickstarter
for blank.
All right.
Zappi's got an answer in.
So Brad, here it is.
The only way we're going to save this company is for our company, Konami, to run a Kickstarter
for?
Exploding President Kat.
Exploding President Kat.
That's his story and he's sticking to it.
All right.
Zappi says, okay, I'll say Guitar Freaks.
All right.
Zappi says Guitar Freaks.
Let's see.
All right.
So we've got Guitar Freaks and Exploding President Kat.
Let's see if we get any matches here in studio.
Loki, what's your answer?
My answer is they're going to have to kickstart Thomas Howard's Girl's Butts, a next gen sequel
to Rumble Roses.
Girl's Butts.
Look at that.
Girl's Butts.
The next gen sequel to Rumble Roses.
Not a match.
I like that.
You invoked Rumble Roses.
All right.
I'll go next.
My answer is, I went serious.
I said Suicoden 6 because that's the only way it's going to happen.
And somewhere out there, Shane's heart is breaking.
Sorry, Shane.
All right.
Alan, you're up next.
The only way we can save this company is to run a Kickstarter for Super Pachinko.
Super Pachinko.
Not a match.
Oh, look at the score.
Zero to zero.
All right, Drew.
Let's see if we get a match with you.
The only way we can save this company is to do a Kickstarter for Hookers and Blow for
Kojima.
Hookers and Blow for Kojima.
You got to win that son of a bitch back with Hookers and Blow.
Not a match.
But a good...
That was a good...
You're back in.
Your 30s are your prime, Drew.
All right.
Last but not least.
Ladies last.
You're in O.L.R.
Dark Sakura.
The only way is to do a Kickstarter for...
Silent Hills.
Silent Hills.
Oh, look.
If you'd gone with Fifth Dream's answer, you would have matched.
There it is.
Silent Hills.
Fifth Dream gets a point, but he's not playing.
So there it is.
Zero to zero is the score.
Brad, I'm sorry.
He's still not on the board.
Zappy, I'm sorry.
But you still have three more chances.
So here we go with question number two.
Now this time, Brad, don't blurt it out until I ask, okay?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Well, hell, I'll take a shot while you're talking.
Okay.
Oh, he's taking shots.
He had a mouthful of fireballs.
What was that?
He had a mouthful of fireballs.
That's actually accurate.
I'm sure that is...
Absolutely what I was drinking.
Yes, what he's drinking.
I love it.
All right.
Here we go.
Question number two.
Flash forward, E3 2016, the NX is revealed by Nintendo on stage at E3.
They're back on stage.
Just roll with me here.
Reggie speaks up and says, we really listen to the fans out there this time.
And so I'm pleased to announce that the Nintendo NX will be the industry leader in blank.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding for me as well.
Loki, did you ding?
Oh, yes.
I ding.
So once again, we're waiting on Zappi.
Oh, there it is.
He got his answer in.
Wow.
That's how it's...
Okay.
We're just a little rusty in round one.
We're getting...
This is how LR got their groove back.
All right.
Here it is.
Well, let's see.
I hope so.
Let's see.
We really listen to the fans out there.
Nintendo listened to the fans, Brad.
And so I'm pleased to announce that the Nintendo NX will be the industry leader in...
Cybernetic implants.
Screw the controllers.
Cybernetic implants.
Screw the controllers.
It's the $6 million system right there.
Cybernetic...
That's where Jamie Summers got her name after all.
True facts.
Cybernetic implants.
Zappi said, I'm pleased to announce that the Nintendo NX will be the industry leader in...
Tingle.
There it is.
The answer from Zappi.
Tingle.
All right.
Let's go around the studio and let's see some of the random comments from chat.
HalfLife 3 said, Black Wolf.
Naked Samus said, Fifth Dream.
Ridge Racer said, Akuma JP.
Amiibo said, Act Deft.
Old Ass Games said, Fifth Dream.
Let's see.
Let's see how folks did.
How come only two of you wanted to play and then you're all participating in chat?
I think you're just...
Shane just texted me and Shane never goes there.
But he just texted me, Vibrators.
Are we going to see another Rez release?
All right.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's go around the room.
The industry leader in...
Loki?
Teledildonics.
Teledildonics.
So I think that's kind of maybe a half a point for Brad because he did say cybernetic implant
and, you know, fuck the controllers.
Let's go to the judges.
Fuck the controllers.
I'll give it.
Nah.
I'm saying no.
Yeah, but you've been outvoted by three other people.
No, because Alan's given the X to.
Alan's given the X to.
Yeah, but three versus two.
All right.
All right.
Three to two decision.
We're going to give Brad half point on that one.
Congrats, Brad.
All right.
My answer, the industry leader in holodeck porn.
Come on, people.
It's always one step closer to the holodeck porn.
One step closer to the holodeck porn.
All right, Alan, let's see if we get a match.
The industry leader in...
Fanboy Tears.
Not a match, unfortunately.
Drew, the Nintendo NX.
The industry leader in...
Microtransactions.
Microtransactions.
Jamie's favorite word in the English language.
The salt must flow.
Not a match.
Not a match.
It's still half to zero because we deal fractions here.
Last but certainly not least, or she'd kick my butt.
Dark Sakura, the industry leader in...
Silent Hills.
Silent Hills.
Also, not a match.
Well, it is big and it is rather black.
All right.
There it is.
Zappi.
Sadly, not a match, Zappi.
But you know what, Zappi?
Brad's only got a half point.
So you could still tie it up or even exceed.
It's not hard to get one full point.
It's not hard to get one full point.
It's not hard to get one full point.
Tie it up or even exceed.
It's not hard to get one full point.
You just have to match something a little closer than Brad did.
All right.
Let's get to it.
Round three.
There's only four rounds you guys have to endure.
Three.
Here it is.
Round three.
Did you hear about the Super Nintendo PlayStation that was
dug out of someone's garbage and posted on Reddit?
Little did you know that not only was that system found,
but that cartridge contains an ultra rare copy of the Sony
created CD-ROM game Super Mario Blank.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Ding.
Let's see.
One more time.
Did you hear about the Super Nintendo PlayStation that was
dug out of someone's garbage?
Little did you know not only was the system found,
but the cartridge contains an ultra rare copy of the Sony
created CD-ROM game Super Mario Blank.
Zappie's a ding.
Brad's a ding.
I think we've got dings.
Anyone need a dong?
All right.
Who dinged?
Here we go.
Brad, an ultra rare copy of the Sony created CD-ROM game
Super Mario.
Naked oil wrestling.
Naked oil wrestling.
Someone's into the Turkish wrestling here.
Just like the Turkish wrestler in Super...
What was that guy in Street Fighter IV?
Brad, you mean Hakan.
All right.
You mean Hakan, don't you?
There it is.
All right.
Well, surely Zappie has a more family friendly answer.
Zappie said an ultra rare copy of the Sony created CD-ROM game
Super Mario Porn.
He just said porn, which is a safe bet here at OLR.
When in doubt, just say porn.
So there it is.
Super Mario Porn.
Some comments from our chat room.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, Super Mario Miss World 96.
Black Wolf says, Super Mario Silent Hills.
Act Def says, Super Mario Crash Spiral.
Dungeon Buster says, Super Mario Uncharted.
Orange Right says, Super Mario Orgy.
Dungeon Buster says, Super Mario Kill Zone.
Zappie said, I was tempted to say hills.
So let's see what happens.
Super Mario blank.
All right.
Let's go around the room and see if we've got a match.
So we got Turkish oil wrestling and porn.
Loki, the unreleased game Super Mario.
Bandicoot.
Super Mario Bandicoot.
It's going for a safe answer.
And there it is.
All right.
All right.
Super Mario Bandicoot.
Not a match.
My answer, an ultra rare copy of the Sony created CD-ROM game
Super Mario Cross Night Trap.
Because it's a CD-ROM game.
Come on.
Fuck all of you.
Come on.
Luigi can investigate a haunted mansion.
He can certainly investigate a panty party.
Come on, people.
Super Mario.
That would be a more interesting game.
It's a Dana Plato.
Exactly.
Come on.
Who would not play Super Mario Cross Night Trap?
All right.
Alan.
You have to be a zombie now.
Alan.
Super Mario Cross.
Sorry, Super Mario what?
Arena Toshinden.
Arena Toshinden.
A good answer for Sony, but not a match with either of our listeners tonight.
It's still half a point to no point.
Drew.
Super Mario.
Featuring Jumping Flash.
Featuring Jumping Flash.
Who would play the fuck out of that?
I would play the fuck out of that too.
Good answer.
Not a match.
Last but not least, Dark Sakura Super Mario.
Silent Hills.
Silent Hills.
You knew it was coming to this point, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm surprised that nobody thought I would go there.
Some of the chat, Zappy said in chat, I almost said Silent Hills.
Well, you lose.
You lose.
You could have been a half a point ahead of Brad, but no.
All right.
We had to be unique.
We had to be special snowflakes.
Here it is, guys.
It's the final round, but there's a twist because you notice I've been bringing these old OLR games back.
I've been putting a twist.
So here's the twist for question four.
There's two blanks.
This is the wedgie of match game.
That's right.
There's two blanks in this one.
So you have the opportunity to earn two points.
This, I mean, if Zappy matches even one person, he could just fuck Brad's game right up.
Or Brad could just move this into the stratosphere.
So here it is.
Two blanks on this last question.
Question number four.
The last question as I scroll it off my screen.
Here we go.
Question number four.
The first ever Nintendo Splatoon Splatfest was extremely successful as people battled for Team Cat and Team Dog everywhere.
It was such a success with kids and teens everywhere.
However, in an attempt to win more adults over to Splatoon, Nintendo announced that the next Splatfest will be Team Blank versus Team Blank.
In an effort to win more adults over to Splatoon, Nintendo announced that the next Splatfest will be Team Blank versus Team Blank.
I'm going to that special hell.
All right.
I'm going to ding there.
Oh, my God.
You people in chat are nasty.
I can't read this on air.
I cannot read this on air.
You can't, so.
All right.
Because we're about to.
I'm still waiting on Zappy's answer.
Is everybody ding?
Yeah, I think so.
Does anybody need a dong?
Does anyone give a dang?
coding.
All right.
I'm still I'm just waiting on Zappy.
But no dong.
No dung.
Dung is not allowed.
All right.
All right.
Hurry up, Zappy.
If you hear my voice.
Do it.
You better get that locked in.
All right.
He's locked in his answer.
Let's do this.
The first ever Nintendo Splatoon Splatfest was successful.
But in an attempt to win more adults over, Nintendo announced that the next Splatfest
will be Team what, Brad?
Team Pyramid Head versus Team Peach.
Team Pyramid Head versus Team Peach.
Okay.
I see what he's doing there.
He's trying to do the Silent Hill angle there on that answer, isn't he?
All right.
Let's see if that works for him.
Well, Zappy in chat said it will be Team Silent versus Team Hills.
He's not.
He's not going to let that go this time.
Oh, we're just doubling down on this now, aren't we?
He's doubling down.
He's doubling down to see if that inside joke comes back.
All right.
Zappy in chat said porn didn't work for me, so I decided against it this time.
Some other chat answers.
Act F said Republicans versus Democrats.
Black Wolf said Silent versus Hills.
SS Dream said Bukake versus Cat.
Wow.
Tiger Claw said Penis versus Vagina.
SSJ100Matt said Missionary versus Doggy.
And Black Wolf said Ding versus Dong.
All right.
The next Splatoon Splatfest will be...
I don't even see the damn chat.
Loki, Team...
Team Squid versus Team Kid.
Team Squid versus Team Kid, which is what everybody actually thinks it should be.
So a very logical answer, not a match.
My answer, Team...
And by the way, y'all, I went for the old OLR inside joke.
There's going to be two of you out here who understand this.
Team Cylon Occupied Caprica versus Non-Cylon Occupied Caprica.
Boo this man.
That's my answer.
All right.
I would have accepted Cylons versus Humans, though.
Come on, let's be real.
All right, Alan.
Splatoon Splatfest will be Team...
Act F really needed to think more about the Splatoon angle,
but my answer is Team Bukake versus Team Cream Pies.
And it's all white ink.
That's it.
Show's canceled.
We're done.
Too hot for any of you.
Shut her down.
Banned in Australia.
We're earning that explicit tag today.
Because it's Splatoon, everybody.
Get it?
That's why it's funny.
Because the game is called Splatoon.
He was lucky I wasn't taking the shot.
All right, you're out of liquor at this point, Brad.
Don't try to fool me.
Rob, here's the problem with that.
All the ink would only be one color.
All right.
Not if you get enough Vitamin C in your diet.
Drew.
Team...
If we're going to go for the adult demographic,
the age-old debate of Team Tits versus Team Ass.
Team Tits versus Team Ass.
Tits and Ass.
There it is.
All right.
Last but not least, DarkSakura.
What did she pick?
Team...
Alan Wake.
Versus...
D.
Versus D?
D.
D?
Survival Horror.
So DarkSakura just screwed Zappi over by flipping the script
and saying Team...
What the hell did she say again?
Alan Wake.
Team Alan Wake versus Team D.
D, which was the Saturn Survival Horror psychological.
So I picked psychological horror games that were like Silent Hill.
So you're doing Team Games That Will Never Be On The Wii U
and Team Games That Will Never Be On The Wii U.
Act F, you trusted Jamie to follow the script on this one?
You fool!
All right.
Well, Zappi...
It's almost Ferret versus Propel.
I mean, God.
I knew she wasn't going to go Silent Hill on that one.
I know it.
All right.
There it is.
Well, Brad, your knowledge of DarkSakura's inner workings,
you won by a half point in a slim judge's decision to zero.
So I got to say, Zappi,
you put in a good effort.
Everybody give Zappi a round of applause
and then promptly push him off the stage because he lost.
Bye, Zappi.
Thanks for playing, though.
Brad, you're a winner.
And for winning Match Game Tonight,
I'm going to let you plug anything you want.
And knowing that you host your own podcast,
I think I know what you might want to plug.
Oh, of course, Pod Culture, Monday nights, 9 o'clock on VOG.
There it is.
Listen to Brad, Pod Culture.
Apparently, tomorrow's a rerun, but that's all right.
Favoritism.
That's all right.
Hey, are you going to be taking any shots
on next week's episode of Pod Culture?
Um, yeah, actually, I think we are.
All right, nice.
Yeah, I think there is alcohol involved on that one.
So, Brad, though, I do have to ask you,
and I don't remember what the exact name for it is,
but Dan has discovered a cocktail
that's basically angry orchard and fireball,
and he wanted to call it angry balls.
I think that's what it's called, actually, is angry balls.
But he wanted to call it flaming orchard.
Actually, I think it is.
I think it is angry balls or fiery balls or something.
Yeah, I think it's angry balls, but...
Herpes.
Oh, my God, you all are 12.
It would be good.
It would be good.
Angry orchard is good stuff.
All right, Brad, I'm going to let you go
so we can wrap up the show.
Brad, take care, my friend.
Thanks for playing.
All right.
All right, later.
Hey, let us know what you guys thought of Match Game.
Should we bring it back in a future week,
or was that just too much of a hot mess for all you guys?
Let us know over on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R,
so we'll see if we do Match Game again in the future.
That was fun, though.
There were some funny answers in there.
I think Alan won, though, which I knew would happen.
I knew Alan would do that.
I just need to put more subliminals in there
to get people to do this again.
All right, I'm feeling pretty good.
We'll see what the listeners think.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
I was getting a little worried when nobody wanted to play.
I was like, what good is a game if nobody wants to play?
But then finally, the chat room got really into it.
I think just some people were shy
and didn't want to get on the phone, and I understand.
Come on, don't we remember Match Game at all, guys?
I know, I know. All right.
Don't you remember how we loved to torture you?
That's right.
Anyway, let's get back into some of the segments we do here on O-L-R.
I believe we're going to visit the mailbag this week.
Yeah, it's kind of sticky.
All right, so every week you guys send us e-mails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com,
and DarkSakura dives into the mailbag
and picks out some e-mails that she believes are worthy of reading on the show.
And I don't have your usual music.
I don't know what happened to it.
Ooh, play Buffalo again.
I have this music.
Mail, motherfucker.
It's Grandpa's music from Hoard House.
That's what I had ready.
Well, I'm not reading all of this e-mail because it's long.
Okay, I think you should replace it.
You think I should replace it on this show?
I think you should all shut up.
Well, someone will freeze that damn mailbag already.
I don't know. You're going to need to get Grandpa's permission.
He may not have liked that.
Greetings, O-L-R.
He's going to be mad.
He's like, first you decide there's no more Hoard House,
and then you steal the fucking music.
Thanks, Rob.
Grandpa, you and I should do a show.
It should just be called Fuck.
Fuck Rob. That's what he'll want to call it.
If you do a show, you'll be like,
let's just do a show where we talk shit about Rob every week.
Okay.
I thought that was OrangeLoungeRadio.
This is from RawSteelUT, by the way.
Greetings, O-L-R.
I got a couple things on mine, so I'll just shoot them out.
Eh.
Regarding reservations, not pre-orders,
I don't really have a strong opinion one way or another,
but I've grown a bit more careful in just what I reserve.
It makes no sense to reserve something like Black Ops 3 or Halo 5
simply because I know there'll be a billion copies of them
out in stores for two or three years afterwards.
On the other hand, games that I'm not entirely sure will be that well stocked,
such as Onichambara Z2, Chaos,
you bet your ass I'm going to reserve something like that
simply to make sure I don't have to go trolling for copies on eBay.
I learned my lesson from missing out on Suikoden 2.
That's wise.
Next up, I find myself once more defending Activision
in the Call of Duty franchise.
Really?
Yes, it's an annualized franchise,
but not only do they have separate developers
to ensure the games are quality when they come out
instead of having the entire company rush the game
out like Ubisoft with Assassin's Creed,
and they have a clear and steady schedule for their map packs,
making them one of the few companies that are clear and obvious
and don't mis-schedule or sacrifice quality
to make the schedule hide their EA.
Just want to jump in real quick.
Doesn't Ubisoft use different in-house studios, though?
Doesn't one of the Assassin's Creed comes out of Montreal,
one of the other ones comes out of, I want to say,
somewhere else in Europe or maybe Vancouver?
Sorry, I don't follow this closely enough,
but I thought even Ubisoft rotated them amongst some of the studios,
even though it's all still Ubisoft.
Just food for thought.
And admittedly, I could be wrong.
Honestly, I think that people just hate Activision slash Call of Duty
because of the surge of military-themed shooters in recent years
as lesser companies such as EA imitate COD shamelessly.
Perhaps it's because of the internet,
but I don't remember that hatred for Nintendo
during the platformer boom after Super Mario Bros. got big,
or for Capcom in the wake of the fighting game boom.
For some reason, it seems the more mentally deficient among the gaming public
see fit to place the blame for the shallow imitators at Activision's feet
rather than at the feet of the pale, soulless imitators themselves.
Eh, people are kind of fanboy.
Regarding the same-sex marriage in the latest Fire Emblem,
while it's a great feature, I worry that it will be done in a pandering way,
especially if they're just doing it in response to backlash over Tomodachi life.
Often, I find in popular media that the LGBT characters
don't forget about the QA, hey,
usually have their LGBT-ness be a central part of the character
as opposed to being a small part of a greater whole.
Further, I'm hoping Nintendo shows discretion
and doesn't make the whole roster open to marriage regardless of gender.
Ideally, there would be straight gay and bi characters like people in real life.
Don't forget the asexual people.
Just say quilt bag.
Represent.
Just say quilt bag.
Yeah.
But I'm afraid that the company that usually shies away from sexuality and their games
and all will just again take the shortcut and make everyone bi.
And the last bit has to do with me.
Wait, can I, before we get to that part, can I address just something real quick?
Because I've heard there are some interesting things on the Fire Emblem front this week
that apparently there are some weird things in the story
that could involve these weird hallucinations about,
and I'm not going to try to cite this because I don't want to misrepresent the game,
but apparently some people are finding some problem things in that storyline.
It's at the point where I don't really want to just believe what I read on Twitter.
I would like to just play the game for myself and draw my own conclusions
if I get around to it, or I'll ask Drew to play it and send me the important parts
because he loves Fire Emblem.
On it.
But yeah, I'm hearing some things.
It'll be interesting to see what happens in translation, too,
because I guess it's one thing's happening in Japan. We'll see.
So I don't know.
It's raising some red flags, though. That's all I can really say right now.
The last bit has to do with me having mentioned the hip cock
in the female character for Mass Effect Andromeda.
And yeah, I might have gone a little bit ranty on it, but I was really annoyed.
And guess what? I'm entitled to be annoyed by something that I perceive
as a particularly gendered feature without being compared to some of the people
who were more exploitative about their position as public feminists.
And you know what? I don't have to at all exercise any caution if I don't want to
because I have a voice and I don't have to have anyone tell me how to use my voice.
The end.
That being said, I understand your point.
You know, I'm not going to read the whole thing because it's geared toward me
and I'm not going to go on with that.
But I do think that the pose itself should have equaled the pose of the male character.
They should have both been neutral.
You know, if you're going to portray her in one mode,
you should also portray him in like some hip thrusting mode. I don't know.
I'm just saying that that is not how a woman comfortably stands.
I'm just going to say that.
The hip cock thing, not normal and not good for your back,
not good for your hips. It's painful.
I think something to kind of go with that too, you know,
is that when EA is only going to give you a 10 second taste
at what this new character you're going to be invested in is going to look like,
you got to choose those 10 seconds carefully
because if Dark Saga is going to make a snap opinion like that,
that's because it's all she's got. She's got nothing but this little...
I have a picture.
Yeah, exactly. So I kind of see it from that angle where it's like,
well, if this is all I've got to analyze, I'm going to analyze it
and there's nothing to really balance it against.
But hopefully, I mean, the Mass Effect games have done a good job.
FemShep's a great character.
And she doesn't at all like sit and stand like that.
She basically has the male animations, which I'm actually kind of fine with
because fuck, you've seen me sit.
You're certainly not basing your decision on the entire game around this.
No, hell no. That would be stupid.
I'm just saying they need to be a little bit more cognizant of their audience.
You know, you have female gamers and we are looking to you
to make something that we're going to really, really be able to get into.
I mean... God.
That's why I really thought that Dragon Age Inquisition was done so well
and that's why I had a lot of hope for Andromeda and I still do.
I just think that if this is the start they're giving, they're off to a bad start.
Although I have to say, though, that the game, what we've seen of it so far,
looks absolutely gorgeous. I'm looking forward to learning more about it.
And I'm certainly not going to make a judgment on the whole thing
based on just what I've seen.
My judgment was on the picture, not on the game.
And if you can't recognize that, then I'm wondering when you went from
thinking me to be the only voice of reason to then having an issue with it.
And I'm not the only voice of reason, by the way.
You know why? Because sometimes Sanrio comes out here.
That's right. Sometimes Sanrio has to set us straight.
Anyway, that's all I got. Keep up the good work.
Regards, Ralstiel UT, OLR Minister of Unpopular Opinions.
P.S. Hopefully Doom 4 gets delayed enough that it'll drop the week of OLR Episode 666.
And for the record, Ralstiel UT, most of the time I think you're on point for many things.
We're all going to disagree on something.
It's like I think Act F to Super Awesome.
I'm so happy he listens to the show and gives us that perspective.
But he's so fucking wrong on this team dog and team cat thing, I'm just saying.
Remember, cats rule and dogs drool.
All right. Let's get to the F use of the week on that note.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here.
This is fucked up.
So my F use goes to Tea Culture for no longer taking credit card and not fixing their damn credit card machine.
Because I wanted my taro milk tea today with my egg custard in it because I'm cheating today.
And no. So instead I'm just going to go to Farrell's and shove my face full of delicious peanuts and coffee flavored ice cream and chocolate ice cream.
I want ice cream. Fuck hormones, man.
Just all of it.
I. Yeah, all of it. I'm except, except, except, except.
Also another fuck you to the Guinness beer brats that I bought because I thought they were going to be amazing.
And they just don't microwave very well. So I'm going to make my husband throw me the rest of them.
And I had something else to be angry about, but fuck it.
I guess I just craving soda.
I mean, I don't count the Red Bulls as soda. They drink those still.
Well, only drink about once a day. Except for today.
I drank two because I didn't drink one yesterday and I was tired.
I got a massage today, so that's good. No, but yeah.
It's so happy that because, you know, not really dieting, I guess, and just not eating fast food instead of eating garbage subway and sandwiches.
So I've been just eating sandwiches for days, but I guess that's healthier than eating like McDonald's for days and cutting out soda.
And I've been staying under like, you know, like 1600 calories a day.
So, wow. So that's got to be pretty good, right? Even if it is garbage.
I mean, my a few of the week goes to the popcorn kernel that just got stuck between my teeth.
And that's why I had to run out of the room real fast, because that is annoying.
Oh, my God. It's like emergency flossing now.
That's not so bad. It's when it gets sucked between your gum.
I can't get it out. Oh, no, no, no, no.
Oh, my God. It's the worst. So anyway, that's why I ran out.
So, Drew, did you get to do your FUs or no?
Not yet. Go ahead.
Dude, FU did not be able to make it out down to L.A. for AX.
I mean, seriously, I had encountered the Cosplay Wrestling Federation, or FANMA, and they were funny as hell.
And I just can't make it down there to enjoy all that kind of good stuff at AX.
I wanted to go to AX this year because they had, I don't know, maybe it was an AX.
I'm thinking of Comic-Con because they're doing a Kung Fury screening.
Kung Fury screening with an after-party where David Hasselhoff is singing True Survivors.
Oh, my God. That's amazing.
I'm just going to maintain my FU to Warner Brothers right now until they fix their shit.
Fix your shirt, guys.
Fix it. All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys, and then we're going to open up the Skype line to all of you at 1877 Game Oil R,
our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But first, a couple more quick stories. Loki.
Yes. So Valve has decided that they're going to no longer refund, I guess, bad trades, trade deals anymore.
Basically, Steam is not going to return items that you were scammed out of.
They're saying our community assigns an item of value and is at least partially determined by that item's scarcity.
If more copies of the item are added to the economy through inventory rollbacks, the value of other instances of the item would be reduced.
We sympathize with people who fall victim to scams, but we provide enough information on our websites within our trading systems to help users to make good trading decisions.
All trade scams can be avoided, so don't be scammed.
Be very careful about who you trade with.
Yeah, that's why I only trade with friends. I don't trust other people.
It's your responsibility to read.
Friends of friends, I will, but that's about it.
Yeah. Anyhow, one game that might inspire some trading of, I don't know, DLC or costume codes or something, is the potential of an open world Superman game.
There's a rumor that Warner Brothers Games Montreal, who did Batman Arkham Origins, so remember there was the Arkham Origins game that was kind of the bridge between the two other ones, that was done by another studio.
So apparently this studio, the rumor is that they're working on a Superman video game, and this is because of a supposedly leaked screenshot, but take it with a grain of salt.
It supposedly shows Superman in the game where you can select the costume or whatever. It shows whatever skin you can.
Also, there was a rumor last week that WB Games Montreal was trying to hire 15 positions for an open world action game, which was a new IP project for next generation game platforms.
Now it would make a lot of sense that, you know, if this is going to be the last open world Batman game, why not follow it up with a Superman game?
However, an important update was also released to this initial rumor, and that is that Warner Brothers Montreal isn't working on a Superman game, but the heavily rumored Suicide Squad game.
Which would make sense when you consider there's that movie being worked on right now that obviously they would try to tie into that possibly with a game.
So that could also explain what's going on here. So it's either a Superman game or a Suicide Squad game. Both would make a lot of sense.
Does it involve flying through rings?
Actually, I think that would be a really funny side quest type of thing. I think if they were to find a way to work that into the lore where you fly through rings, but they make it tongue in cheek funny, I think that would be okay. I think that would be hilarious.
They could make it like Superman on the Atari 2600. You gotta find that phone booth.
Oh god.
Did you ever play Superman on the 2600?
Heard of.
Not that old.
Alright, so that does it for news tonight. So we're going to open up the Skype line. 1877 Game OLR, or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Go ahead and get in on there if you want to comment on anything we've talked about tonight.
Or perhaps something we haven't yet discussed. I'm not going to keep this open very long because we're already almost to 9 o'clock. So if you want to get in, I would urge you to call in ASAP.
Meanwhile, I know Loki, you had at least one thing you wanted to talk about here.
Yeah, so apparently Destiny, you know how they had that Red Bull promotion where they had some codes and stuff? They've already been exploited. Apparently the codes were predictable, and so they had a way to figure out what some of those codes would be.
And they've already redeemed codes that may be on cans that they haven't purchased yet.
Predictable!
So you may get some codes if you purchase some of these cans that aren't redeemable because they've already been redeemed.
Nice shot Bungie.
Alright, actually our phones are lighting up, so let's get to it. We're getting several calls tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? You might be on mute.
I'm going to check one more time. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Oh, they hung up.
The joys of live radio everybody. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
Hey, you can always test your connection by calling Echo 1-2-3 before giving us a call.
So let's try another call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Ronma. What's up everybody?
I know your Skype works. How you doing buddy?
I'm doing good. A little tired, but I'm good.
Did you go to a con this week? I know you're not an AnimeX skype. Is there another con like the East Coast or something that you did this weekend?
Uh, no. I just went out and kind of got my party on because it was the 4th of July and then I was walking around all over New York City with a couple of friends today.
Oh, awesome. Good for you. I hope you had a good 4th.
I did. How about you?
Uh, it was a little boring actually. But you know what? I played a shitload of Final Fantasy XIV and just relaxed. I had a really stressful week at work.
So it was nice to just be able to like, relax. So I'm happy for that. Like, I'm ready to go back tomorrow.
Gotcha.
So what's on your mind tonight?
Um, two things. I just want to know, did Junami show up with the joke book?
I don't see a book, but he does have an electronic device.
I'm going all digital this time around.
I feel like in his 30s, I feel like he's moved into the digital age. He has a digital joke book now that he takes with him.
Oh, god damn it.
You're welcome.
Gigabytes and gigabytes, my friend.
And it's on a Blackberry.
Bite your tongue.
Hey, that's the equivalent of toilet paper, right?
I think he's doing a good job tonight though. It's good to have him back.
Yes, it is. And one more thing. I'm going to get out of here.
The main reason why I called was to give Al his props on his answer. That was amazeballs.
You know what? Sadly, he's not in the room to hear. He went back to playing MMOs, but he's probably listening on the headset back in the studio.
So hopefully he'll hear his shout out there. But he's a hilarious guy.
You know, he's that guy that'll kind of sit in the party and not really say anything and he won't be like super extroverted.
But then like when he sees the opportunity for a killer joke, he'll throw it out there and just slay the entire party.
I actually walked out of my house. That's how funny it was. I stopped what I was doing and I just walked out of my house.
I'm hoping we get somebody in trouble at work for laughing too hard with that answer. We'll see. We'll see come Monday.
Lord Jesus.
Alright.
You need Jesus.
For the record, I've amended it from Blackberry to an N-Gage.
You know what? The N-Gage would have probably done a lot better if Patrick Stewart actually promoted that.
What?
N-Gage.
Aww, dude.
I see you N-Gage and raise you a Windows powered CE device.
Shut up.
You mean the Dreamcast?
I'm talking about before the Dreamcast.
Oh.
Oh my god.
Rama. Rama. Dude, I had a kin. Your point is invalid. Or maybe it is perfectly valid.
Alright, Rama. I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls, alright?
Awesome.
Alright. Take care of my friend.
Alright. Later.
Alright. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
So I could go buy a can of Red Bull and somebody somehow already got that code, huh?
Possibly, yeah.
Alright. Well, the phones are lighting up back to back tonight so let's get back to it with another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Shane.
Hi, Shane. How are you?
I'm fine.
Excellent. What's on your mind tonight?
So, I just wanted to quickly talk about Persona 4 Dancing All Night.
Of course you do. Of course you do. By all means.
Pandering. Go on ahead.
Talk away.
So, of course it's an amazing game. Let's just get that out of the way. However...
You're also super biased. In the interest of you know ethics and all that, you're super biased.
Go on.
Not at all. I may or may not have purchased the Kanji in his swimsuit costume already.
You would.
Anyway, so it's a Vita game. It looks beautiful. I think it is not suited for Vita in the least.
If you're gonna get it, I say play it on PlayStation TV.
Oh, interesting.
Because the controls, while functional on Vita, pretty uncomfortable.
Is it like thumbstick based or something?
It is. It's the up, left, down, and then the triangle, circle, X, as well as thumbsticks.
Or you can play with the touch screen, which I just don't find fun at all.
But, my god, those buttons being so small and the amount of stuff you have to do with them,
just really uncomfortable unless you have like tiny baby hands.
Oh, jeebus. That's gonna give me hand cramps.
After an hour, my hands were dying.
I was gonna say, maybe it was designed a little more with the Vita 2.0 in mind,
but the buttons, I feel like, are even smaller on the Vita 2.0, so maybe not.
Sorry, I'm in a Final Fantasy hunt right now.
It's a really good game, though, and it is very story heavy, so you do want to know some Japanese for that.
Or you can play the Free Dancing mode, where you can unlock songs just by regular play.
It's a lot of fun. It reminds me of a cross between, obviously, Persona,
maybe a little bit of Dance Summit from PlayStation 2, and, I don't know, sex, because it's so good.
Story in a rhythm game. Okay, I'm geeking out now.
What is it that makes this game so good? You keep saying it's good, but why?
The music. Oh, the music is so good.
And watching them dance, I thought it was going to be a stupid concept.
Nope, works perfect. Abso-freaking-lutely love it.
I don't know, it's just really good.
The graphics for a Vita game? A lot better than I thought it would be.
Was not expecting it to look as good as it does.
The music, again, it has the Kiriyama Oka doing a remix.
It's got a lot of other good artists I've never heard of, because I don't really listen to anything Japanese.
But if you like Persona music, if you like Persona, if you like rhythm games in general, you're going to absolutely love this.
But now we are getting this in the States, so people can be patient and play the story mode and all that stuff, right?
Yes, I would actually suggest, I don't know, it's supposed to be this fall, I don't know how far into fall.
It's supposed to be in October.
I would pretty much say, just wait.
Shane, one last question.
You said you got Kanji in swimsuit, I have to ask out of purely morbid curiosity, does it also include the seaweed instance?
And if you played Persona 4, you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Oh yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about.
I do not see that as an unlockable costume yet, maybe it's DLC, but I don't see it as one I can unlock yet.
Now Shane, one more question I have to ask you since we're talking about Vita's.
You knew about my present because Alan told you before it actually showed up here, so what was your reaction to hearing that I was going to be getting the Heavensward Vita?
I thought it was really cool that you were getting it. I wasn't going to, like, murder you.
Not today anyway.
I already threw away the three copies of the house key I made, so I can't come steal it at night.
I figure if you were going to murder me, you would have done it at some point in the last decade, because we've known each other far too long.
Yeah, no that's really cool, I have to come see it sometime. I really like that box though, as I've told you.
It's okay, I'll just sneak it out and take it to work.
You will do nothing of the sort.
Alright, alright Shane, I'm going to let you go to try to squeeze in one more call, okay?
That's fine, I've got to go do more hunts.
Alright, have fun.
Alright, bye bye.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 Game O.L.R., our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
And we'll try to squeeze in one more call here. Do we have any other? Oh, god, it's already lighting up.
You won't play match game, but you're calling to the show. Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Yo, Rob, it's Genicor from the OKC, how you doing, man?
It has been a long time since we've heard from you, my friend. How are you?
You know, just trying to keep that job, you know how that goes.
I know very well how that goes. What's on your mind tonight, my friend?
Not much, man. I was thinking about getting back into the podcast game, but I don't think there's anything out there that I can really cover that isn't being covered by, like, five or six people that are at YouTube and podcasts and then all this stuff has jumped all over the place.
You know what? I don't think you should let that stop you. You know, I think if anybody has a passion, they can bring something to the table that other people aren't doing, because it's about you.
And everybody, I mean, God, that sounds very egotistical. I don't mean, like, I expect that people are subscribing to OLR because it's me, but it's because the opinions, you know, that we share.
And I think, I think DarkSakura kind of hit on this a little bit ago when she was talking about the email that came in and it's like, you know, I mostly agree with this guy, but this one, I think he's off the mark.
I respect, you know, it's kind of like that's what you say, I respect it, but, you know, we're going to agree to disagree on that.
And I think, you know, that's the kind of stuff that we all bring to the table is that it's different perspectives and things like that.
So I don't think, Xenocore, you should ever let the fact that someone else is doing it be the sole thing to kind of stop you.
It may make it trickier to market your show and to sell your show because, you know, you're going to have to kind of say, well, what is it I'm doing that's going to make people want to check me out as opposed to somebody else?
But you'll find that. And I think maybe part of it is to just kind of start doing, do a pilot episode, do a test run and just see what happens, analyze it, see what you want to do better, what you like and you didn't like about it.
Anyway.
It's not so much that, it's mainly because I'm such an old fart when it comes to games now that, you know, I just think of all these guys as whippersnappers.
I saw the Nintendo World Championships. I was crying because they were so bad. It was ridiculous. They have no gamer sense. I was embarrassed.
How do you think we feel here on OLR?
I hope you feel the same as me.
I think we do a little bit. We do. But I think that's okay because, you know, our generation, you know, I remember when we were, you know, 15 years old or what have you, when we were younger, it would seem like there were very few people in their 30s and 40s that were into gaming.
I mean, sure there were some. I'm not going to say there were none. But it seemed like there were very few. There were a lot more people that didn't understand it. Like a lot of our parents didn't really get it.
But now that that generation has grown up and we are the 30, 40 somethings, I think there's a lot more people now that get it.
And I think what's funny is that you say that, but yet I feel like there's not enough out there for the older gamer, or I hate to say middle-aged gamer, but you know, just the gamer in their 30s and 40s. The Gen X gamer.
Yeah, because that balloon fight thing was horrible. It's like, what? Have you never even touched this game before in your life? What's wrong with you people?
I know, right? These damn kids.
It's just me getting crotchety telling kids to get off my lawn. I think that's a big problem.
That's alright. Well maybe that's an angle for your show. Where are you going to tell all the kids to get off your lawn today and why?
Yeah, Uncle Zeno's lawn.
There you go! There you go, gaming with Uncle Zeno. And this is why y'all need to be taught some things about balloon fight.
Alright, awesome show guys. Keep up the good work.
Thank you so much Zenocore. Best of luck to whatever it is you decide to do.
Alright, take care.
Alright, take care. Bye bye.
Look at that fifth dream in chat. It says, I'd co-host that. There it is. Alright.
I am going to shut down the Skype line for tonight. I'm so sorry to those who didn't get through.
Please consider sending us an email. Participate at OrangeLawnsRadio.com or tweet. Twitter.com slash O-L-R or one of the other several different ways that you can interact with our show.
Any other last minute stories you want to get out there, Loki?
No.
We're going to close up shop tonight.
We can close up shop.
Shut it down. Shut it down. Hey Drew, good to see you buddy.
I'll be back.
I'll be back now that you're in your thirties. Oh my God.
Isn't that just a kick in the head?
It is. You were the dumb kid. You know I say that with love. I say that with love.
Also a lot of truth because I was kind of the dumb kid.
Well, so was I. You know, I go back to, oh my God, when I was like first doing this show at like 23, 24, whatever, I'm a completely different person than I am now. Completely different.
We were making jokes about red Oreos and pizza.
And now red velvet Oreos are a thing.
It's come full circle. How about that shit?
Anyhow, Drew, I don't know if you have anything to plug.
But no pizza Oreos.
Not yet.
Would they be pizza Oreos?
They'd be combos is what they are. Combos are good enough.
Alright, if you can find them. Jesus, those things are impossible to find.
Drew, I don't know if you have anything to plug. Everybody's got their own podcast these days.
I don't know if you have anything you want to plug. But if not, maybe a Twitter or something where people can follow you. Say hi.
No, I'm just running solo at this point. Mostly off the map.
But expect me. I'm going to see if I can make my most triumphant return over on the IRC chat again.
Nice.
And see if I can be a regular again. So give me my mops so I can go ahead and kick some butts.
Well, since it's been four years, know that we're in channel VOG.
I've been there.
Things have changed a little bit.
Senile old coot.
Listen up, bitch. I'm going to take that book and shove it up your ass.
Alright, come back again sometime. But not too soon. Just kidding.
Will do.
Alright, let's see. Thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking us out.
Hey, if you like what you heard here at Orange Laundrio, support independent broadcasting.
If you thought this show was a hot goddamn mess, and who could blame you after Match Game? No, I'm kidding.
Just support another show out there. Send another show of your love.
Because there's a lot of people out there who work very, very hard to create this sort of content.
So thank you all for supporting us.
You can leave a nice five star review on iTunes or Stitcher Radio if you want.
Go leave a five star review that said,
Allen's joke just sold this entire show to me tonight.
There you go, if you want.
Alright, but for now, it's time to wrap up and go around and get everybody's final thoughts tonight.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
You both said hard and butt.
You're so mature.
Drew, do you have a final thought tonight?
Dude, you called me five times in the middle of the show. You have the wrong number, dude.
My final thought is, now I'm craving combos after I already ate an entire box of Mike and Ikes.
This is why I'm fat. This is why Mike and Ikes are so good.
Cowboy Breaker!
Anyway, last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'm thinking about doing another game jam in a couple weeks.
But, just to be clear though, it wouldn't be anything beyond a game jam.
It would be, I'm done after, well, it's a 72 hour game jam, but I only have 10 hours to do it.
Because of family.
My gosh.
Okay, then.
One member of your family.
Also, congratulations to my sister who just had her baby yesterday.
I saw that. Congratulations, you're now an uncle as well as a dad.
That's great.
By the way, one of the founders of Burt's Bees, the Burt behind it, died.
Did he get stunk by a bee?
No.
Why would I say that?
He's just old and lived on a farm with no power.
No power on a farm?
Did he perhaps go up into a giant wicker man and go, the bees!
Not the bees!
I hate all of you.
Except Alan. I love Alan.
And on that note, we'll see you next week. Jamie hates all of you. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
If you'd like to join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
