Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, although P.T. and Silent Hills are no more, Del Toro and Kojima keep in touch and still appear to be making plans for their own production.
The duo appears to have a cerebral thriller in mind and still want to create an amazing experience for gamers.
All this and your comment starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio with our 607th episode for this July the 26th of 2015.
Here in studios, I am Rob Roberts, also known as Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E.
And joining me, as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup.
Hey, welcome back.
Hi.
Are you much more sober this week?
Very.
One of my friends commented online that he was listening to last week's show and that you were an adorable hot mess.
Yes, I was.
I drink a lot.
You know how those crack and rum bottles?
For the record, crack and rum specifically makes everything taste like cookies.
That's a quote from George and it's true.
Cookie kraken.
Cookies.
Instead of cookie clicker, it's cookie kraken.
Delicious cookies.
Don't worry, kraken mama will fix it.
It's great when you're low-carbing and whatnot because then it's like having cookies that you can drink and then make you not give a fuck.
So I had my, I had about half a bottle by myself.
Well, I'm glad you got to spend time with the girls.
I know you had a girlfriend visiting from Japan, so that's not something you get to do every day.
Yeah, I think Krista's heading back later, but it was good to hang out with her.
Excellent.
It was good to hear from you and you did the responsible thing and didn't like drink and drive.
I was like a whole like mile away or two miles, but I was way too drunk.
I was in Reno this weekend, which is where you would expect that kind of debauchery to happen, and I was a sober little guy.
I didn't do anything like that.
You're being a responsible adult by gambling.
I think I'm just saving it for Dragon Con, so look out Atlanta.
Get a bottle of kraken when you're there. Trust me.
I don't drink very often, but Dragon Con, you know, exceptions.
I've discovered that I really like gin.
Alright, Dark Soccer's gonna get a liquor podcast pretty soon.
I probably am.
In the meantime, let's say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how you doing?
I'm doing fine.
Hey, I got to see some progress on your game, It's Time to Car, that you've been working on.
Yes.
Which at this point, you know, some of our listeners and frequent chatters are joking that it's vaporware.
It's the next Duke Nukem Forever.
But I actually got to see it, and now I totally understand why you're taking so fucking long.
Because it's the attention to detail that you have.
Can I talk about what I saw?
Yeah, sure. Go ahead.
So, Loki showed me this level.
I wasn't sure if I was under NDA or anything.
No, no.
I didn't want to, you know, get on your blacklist.
No, no. I had recorded the level, the entire gameplay through the level, but as I was telling you,
I have, like, originally on the top of the cart is a turret that fires cats.
Exactly, exactly. So it fires cats, right? So you fire cats out of this turret.
But then it's not enough that you just have a thing that fires cats and you interact with objects as you're racing around or whatever.
No, no, no. Not only does it fire cats, it has to make a variety of noises when you fire the cats.
Yeah, it has random noises for the cats, and random cats. I don't know if you know this, but each of those cats is random.
Yes, random cats. And then, I guess something your son had suggested.
Yes, so they hop around for a little bit. After they're done ragdolling, and, like, they ragdoll for a long time,
they kind of just roll and tumble, because they're just really terrible looking cats.
And then they hop around, kind of like the South Park walking, and then after about, like, 20 seconds or so,
a jetpack appears on the back along with a harness, and they fly up into space.
They just fly up into space.
Just for no reason whatsoever, other than that's the way that this spawned them.
Because it's a Loki game. That's why.
And then, not only that, but then, like, if you fire cats at houses, it actually makes noises.
Like, if you're doing, like, Paperboy style, and you aim for the door, it'll actually go ding dong if you hit the door.
And if you hit the window, it'll make a glass-shattering noise.
And then, like, they don't just jetpack away. Like, they start to climb up the route.
Like, it's so, like, your level of detail is kind of disgusting, and it's, no, I mean that in the best possible way.
But now I understand why you're taking so long.
And I'm sure there's a lot of people out there that would be like, just let it go.
Well, this is the last level that I was going to make before I released a demo for it.
So, once I'm done with this, because what I'm fixing now is I didn't like how the turret was.
It was just a fixed direction. You kind of had to drive the car up in there.
Now I'm having it where, since you can kind of rotate the camera around the car anyways to look around, that that moves the turret as well.
And you can aim it up and down. So it's a little bit, so you don't have to drive up every single sidewalk and do that.
Because it wasn't very fast. It was just kind of tedious. So I wanted to remove that.
And then...
Now, are you worried about Peeta coming after your game? Are you going to have a disclaimer in the opening?
Not that cats get hurt. You can run into them. You can drive over them. Nothing happens to them.
They just rocket away. That's it. They do not get hurt at all.
So no matter what you do, the cats will rocket into space.
You can launch millions of cats in front of you and just drive right through them, and they'll just kind of tumble away.
And then eventually, once they stop rolling, they'll pop back up and just start hopping around.
All right. Excellent. Excellent. Of course, we could not do this show without the help of our live participants.
So if you are listening live to our program, head on over to our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com,
where we do tape live at the Voice of the Geeks Network. That's vognetwork.com every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And Fifth Dream in our chatroom saying, so no more cats. Remember cats, everyone? Cats with a Z.
If I remember right, that was a horrible DS series of games. It was like their answer to the...
Well, it's not just DS. It's Ubisoft's Pets series.
Oh, that's right.
So they've got cats and dogs and all sorts of pets. Hamsters. Seriously.
Well, remember when that first came out, it was because Nintendogs didn't have cats in the beginning.
I know they got it much later when they did the 3DS version, right?
But in the original DS version of Nintendogs, there were no cats.
And that was the number one thing people wanted. So here come the knockoff game that does the cats.
Which, by the way, everyone, have you checked on your Nintendog lately?
Have you abandoned your Nintendog, you mean, mean person?
You need to go show your dog a little bit of love. If you didn't sell the cartridge back or anything like that, I don't know.
Tigerclaw pointing out they also have birds and monsters.
So they bet that they have birds and monsters. I'm not sure about birds and monsters.
Maybe birds, but I know that they did, like, pets fashion. So you would dress up your animals and stuff.
And they didn't just have regular animals. They had lizards and stuff. So there's lizards with tiaras and stuff. It's just really strange.
Uh, Joosten's in our chat room tonight saying, imagine babies with a Z.
Was that the Wii one that actually had the baby controller where you would put the Wii in it and it would come up with the screen like, do not shake the baby?
No, that's baby saving mama. And, no, imagine babies was the one that I got for her.
That's right!
Have you checked on your babies, Dark Sakura?
There's a reason I don't have any.
Because she hasn't checked on them in about seven years.
And Tychoplasm says, don't be surprised if they did zombies. Yes, Majesco, if I remember correctly, it was Majesco that did a zombie raising game.
Somebody did. There's one out there on the 3DS or DS, I know.
You're not even joking.
It's 3DS, actually.
Alright, well, let's get into tonight's show. We usually do a kickoff topic here to start off the show before we get into our gaming week.
But this week, instead of like one kickoff topic, we kind of have like a hodgepodge of a few things we want to get out there at the top of the show this week.
First off, if you are listening live to us at the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, you probably heard before our show, as he does every week for many, many years, the Bobby Blackwell show.
And he always starts his show at five o'clock Pacific, eight o'clock Eastern, about an hour before we go live.
And tonight was special for Bobby because he celebrated ten years. He hit his ten year mark in podcasting.
Yay, Bobby, applause, applause.
So congratulations to Bobby on ten years of podcasting and, you know, it takes an incredible amount of dedication to do even one year of podcasting, let alone ten.
I mean, if you look at the gaming podcasts that have been going for ten years, it's a very, very small group right now.
And there's maybe like five, I don't even know.
But yeah, I mean, the fact that Bobby has had that kind of dedication is amazing.
And it's really cool that we've kind of been able to do it together in many ways.
I know at the very beginning of Bobby's show, we weren't really in the picture yet.
But I mean, it was probably only about a year or two after he started where we started doing that whole our show is live after his show.
And we always do that throw over call.
He's always been great about promoting us and like every single show that he does.
And so just congratulations to Bobby.
You know, it's a very different vibe than what we do here at OLR because Bobby's just one guy.
But it's amazing how he can still kind of perpetuate that with his chat room and it just being him.
And Bobby's done many great things for this show.
A lot of the opportunities we've had would not be possible without Bobby, including the fact that we're live on the air.
You know, when Live 365's costs got too prohibitively expensive, it was Bobby who brokered that deal for us to continue on at All Games Radio where we were for several years.
And obviously, we continued on with Bobby into this venture that we have at VOG Network now.
So, you know, Bobby's to thank for an awful lot of that.
And, you know, if you were listening to Bobby's show tonight, you heard him talk about how for a while there were Xbox 360 gamer pics that you could download.
They're not there anymore, sadly.
But, you know, a few years ago, you could actually get a group of gamer pics for podcasts that at the time were on All Games, which was Bobby.
And there's actually a little OLR icon.
I designed it.
You did it, yeah. And it actually has little DDR arrows and little cute things in the back.
And I still have it set as my icon to this day.
You can delist it all you want, Microsoft, but you can't take it off my profile.
I will not replace it with one of those cheesy little avatar pictures.
I will not.
I will have that OLR badge until the end of time.
So, yeah, you know, Bobby was a huge part of making that happen for us, among other things.
So, you know, just a big thank you and congratulations to Mr. Bobby Blackwell.
Now, at my workplace, when people celebrate anniversaries, when they hit like 10 years, 15 years, whatever ungodly amount of time,
what they like to do is they like to have the manager talk a little bit about what life was like when that person was hired at the company.
So, thanks to my pal, Melody, who, via Jamie and California Extreme last week, she actually found me some E3 loot from what year? 2005.
So, I'm looking at a book called Gamer Metrics Guide, the E3 2005.
And so, this is kind of talking about what gaming culture was like then and what all was going on on the different consoles.
So, there's a chart in here.
Overall, top titles releasing in Q3, Q4, 2005.
So, the games that had the most buzz in 2005.
So, I thought we could play a little bit of Family Feud and see if you guys can name 10 games and I'll let the chat rooms participate too.
I won't carry this out too long. If they're not guessing any, I'll let them give up.
But here we go. The top 10 overall titles releasing in 2005 when the Bobby Blackwell show started.
We ourselves were, I guess, would have been in our third year at that point, but that was that year we were transitioning into the podcast for the first time and all that.
So, it was a big year for us too.
So, who wants to make a guess? How about you, DarkSakura? What was one of the top 10 most anticipated games in the year 2005?
Just take a crazy guess.
Don't forget the microphone, DarkSakura. It's important.
Sorry, brains. I'm trying to think about what came out in 2005 and the only thing I can think of is like maybe...
Didn't Postal come out?
Didn't Postal come out? I'm sorry, Postal is not in the top 10.
I didn't think it would be.
I'm pretty sure Postal would have been banned from E3.
Oh, I know. It did come out that year.
All right. All right. She's going to get another chance.
Tekken 5.
Tekken 5. Surprisingly not even in the top 25.
Really?
Maybe it wasn't that year. I'll have to look at the PlayStation list.
Buttholes. And I think it came out earlier in the year.
Yeah, it's not even on the PS2. Yeah, it might have been earlier in the year.
All right. Loki, what do you think? 1 through 10. Top 10 titles.
Gosh. Well, this was anticipated for that time period.
Yes.
2005, that was the year that the Xbox 360 launched. I'm going to say Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion before they knew it was going to be delayed.
Actually, funny enough, not on the list. And what's weird about this, they don't have any Xbox 360 titles on the list.
So I will get that out of the system right now. There are no Xbox 360 titles on this list. I'm not sure why.
Maybe, had they announced that they were coming out that year by E3? Or was that later?
Maybe it was later.
No, because this thing covers the original Xbox and the PSP and everything. I don't even know if it has 360 in here.
You know what else came out that year? GTA Liberty City Stories.
GTA Liberty City Stories.
That's 2006.
There are two, no, I'm sorry, there's one Grand Theft Auto title on here. But it's Grand Theft Auto for the PSP at number 5.
Well, that's kind of close.
Grand Theft Auto for the PSP was Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories.
Oh, they renamed? Oh, okay. So there you go. I don't re- if it's not written down here, I forget these things.
I know Grand Theft Auto, so...
Alright, fair enough. Alright, take one more guess, Logie.
Call of Duty 2.
No, it's not even on the list. Can you believe it?
That's another Xbox game, though.
It did come out that year, though. The Windows release did.
Alright. I should have said this at the beginning. This date is as of April 14th, 2005. Alright, here we go. I'm gonna go down the top 10.
Oh, that might have been before-
I bet Soul Calibur 3's on there.
Number 10. Soul Calibur 3 is number 19 on the list.
Oh, okay.
Alright, number 10. WWE Smackdown vs. Raw for the PS2.
That was a fun game.
Raw 2 by THQ. Whatever happened to them?
Number 9. This is what-
We went with Hulk Hogan.
This is hilarious. Number 9. Shadow the Hedgehog was number 9 on the list.
Balls, that game was awful.
Number 8. Gran Turismo 4 for the PSP.
Wait, that never came out.
As of April 14th, 2005.
Number 7. Here's the one Dark Soccer's gonna kick herself for forgetting. Animal Crossing DS was out.
I just gave that away.
Number 6. Kingdom Hearts 2.
Number 5. Grand Theft Auto for the PSP.
Number 4. Final Fantasy XII for the PS2.
Of course. I was just talking about that.
Number 3. The Godfather, which was on all the various systems.
Wasn't that the first game that had the whole, like, you have to do DLC online?
Oh, hey! You like cheats in your PlayStation and Xbox games?
Well, that's fine. There are button codes here, but on Xbox 360, it's paid DLC land.
No more up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right for you.
Number 2. Madden NFL 2006.
Of course a Madden game is in the list, people.
It's always in the list.
Of course.
Should have guessed.
Always bet on Madden being in the list.
And lastly, number 1, y'all. Come on.
The Legend of Zelda for the GameCube.
And for some reason, it's listed as the DS here.
Yes, I know. The game didn't come out in 2005.
The Mish Cap came out at the beginning of that year.
But it was still listed as the number 1 most anticipated title.
Because they ended up bumping it back for the Wii.
But they had that whole, wasn't the trailer reveal at E3 2005?
It was, yeah.
Yeah, there it is.
So there it is. Thank you again to, uh...
Well, you know, I don't know why anyone was not anticipating Call of Duty 2, because it was fantastic.
You want to hear something else hilarious?
So this game metrics or whatever, which I think is part of IGN, by the way.
There's, um...
Uh, yes.
Well, seeing as it has a little logo on the bottom.
IGN.
So, again, my friend Melody, thank you to her for getting me this from E3.
But this is hilarious.
The sources of gamer metrics data.
IGN.com game channels.
GameSpy.com.
Rest in peace.
And FilePlanet.com.
Is that still a thing?
Maybe.
Maybe.
So there you go. A little glimpse to what gaming life was like ten years ago when...
I remember back in the day when they actually used game metrics as an actual metric for the industry.
Yeah.
That was a while ago.
That was a while ago, huh?
I want to give a shout out to the Reno Game Expo, which I went to this weekend.
Just kind of on a whim.
Our pals, Gabe from Nascent Games, he's working on Crumple is a big game he's doing, as well as Kinship is his other game that he's working on right now.
And he actually trekked up to the Reno Game Show and was talking about it on Twitter.
And I was kind of like, you know, Alan and I have been talking about doing a random Reno trip ever since the 4th of July.
He gives us an excuse to go to Steak and Shake, gamble a little bit.
So what the hell?
So we went up to Reno and went to the Reno Game Expo. So we checked that out a little bit.
And there was a lot of vendor tables, different people set up there at the expo.
And then if you walk down the hall towards the back, they had some panels going on throughout the day.
A lot of music because I believe the Reno Video Game Symphony is kind of the people that put it all on.
And then they had just a tournament room and a big free play room.
So yeah, it was kind of a smaller show.
And I was there in the morning, so I don't know if it filled out more at the end of the day.
But I think they also had to relocate at the last minute, which probably kind of hurt them a little bit.
They weren't inside the Silver Legacy this year. I guess as they were last year, they were across the street.
But you know, there still obviously was a lot of love put out in that show.
And lots of fun, cute little vendors and some indie game developers showing off what they were working on.
So I finally got to sit Alan down and play through Gabe's game a little bit.
And yeah, so there was actually some boost there.
So, do you remember Dark Sakura? What did you ask me before I went to Reno? What did you say to me?
Uh, do you want to hang out?
No, well, and then I said, no, I'm going to Reno, lol.
And then you said, bring me back a thing.
Oh yeah, I just said a thing.
She said, bring me back a thing.
So I saw something at, you know, this gal had an Etsy table set up.
So a shout out to a Not Your Grammys Etsy shop.
That's spelled Grammy, G-R-A-M-M-I-E.
It's NYG, Nerdy and Inappropriate.
And so I got Dark Sakura a thing from the expo. Close your eyes.
Wait, where is it? This makes great radio, doesn't it?
As I'm digging through this bag to get Dark Sakura this thing that I'm going to give her.
Okay, open your eyes.
I love it. Oh my God, this is the best.
I'm going to put a picture up like in a minute.
So there it is. It's a little...
This is going in my cube.
When I saw that, I instantly thought of you.
It's a little cross stitch of a flying unicorn that looks like Nyan Cat style.
And it says, later bitch, on it.
And it just, the fact that it was cross stitched just definitely made me think of Dark Sakura.
There was all sorts of inappropriate cross stitch that was available there.
So again, shout out to Not Your Grammys, who probably had no idea she was selling that to a radio guy, but there you go.
A couple other shout outs from the convention I want to give, because I thought these guys were really cool.
And I know they're based in Reno, so if you have any listeners in the area, I thought what these guys were doing was really cool.
Oh, here it is. I found my flyer.
It's the Great Basin Geeks.
And it's a group for Jedi, Trekkies, Browncoats, Whovians, Scapers, B5ers, Cylons, Wizards, Rangers, Paladins, Elves, Orcs, and any other geeky guys and gals in or near Northern Nevada.
I think they didn't leave anybody out. I think they did cover everybody.
For the record, it's now on my Instagram. And my Instagram is DarkSakura.
So, shout out to Great Basin Geeks. It sounds like they do a lot of get togethers and things, and they were really cool enough to listen to what we were doing at VOG.
We just kind of were talking a little bit, and they even took some of my business cards and were putting those out on the table.
So shout out to those guys if any of them are listening. You can check out more information on those guys.
GreatBasinGeeks.com, and I thought this was really interesting. They're doing a free convention.
Who's ever heard of a free convention? I sure haven't.
October 17th and 18th at the Reno Town Mall, the Great Basin Geek Con is going on that weekend.
So, congrats to those guys there.
And good time at the Reno Game Expo. I will definitely try to go back next year.
Also, I have to say I was a little bit inspired.
There was definitely a part of me after seeing a con kind of done on a smaller scale like that.
I don't go to a lot of smaller cons, because usually I just don't know about them.
I'm happy to go if there's one nearby.
But I was definitely like, you know, everybody kind of always jokes.
When's there going to be a VOG con? When's there going to be an OLR con?
And I have to admit, there's a part of me that's like, maybe we should do something.
Maybe it's not as hard as we think it is.
I'm sure it's harder than we think it is.
It probably is in reality, but I mean, you know, we know people that could help us out a little bit, I think.
So, I don't know. Just know that that's an idea that's simmering a little bit.
Would any of our listeners actually come out to that?
I'm not talking like, and Rama's going, no. Rob Roberts, no.
I'm not talking like a three-day convention or any like crazy thing.
I'm talking about like a day con. Something like that.
Just a little like couple hours.
I'll tell you what.
We'll rent a ballroom somewhere, get some old school video games, and just have a good old time.
I'm not telling you like major stuff.
We'll rent out some time, and bounce you, and we'll just have like a party, and they'll be bouncing.
And they'll have pizza.
So you're saying that our con would have a ball pit.
Yes, they do have a ball pit there.
So, it's not only a ball pit, it's like a ball pit with cannons that fire balls at you.
Oh my god, that's a deluxe ball pit.
It is a deluxe ball pit.
Holy shit.
Okay. Well, let's see. We'll have to go to Kickstarter with that. We'll see about that in the future.
Alright. Also, one other SSG100 Matt in chat says, cake and pie? Your decision will reflect my decision.
I'm sure we could do something where there's cake and pie.
And maybe like something that's both, like a Boston cream pie or something.
Hey, I want to give one more shout out here because I know a lot of people have their attention diverted tonight
and throughout the week to Summer Games Done Quick.
I feel like it was just yesterday we were talking about the Awesome Games Done Quick,
but that's because they do these things several times a year.
Twice.
Twice. Well, don't they even do like just like a day or something in like spring?
Well, I think they also have their channel games done quick.
Yeah.
So they may do stuff in between that.
But they're running Summer Games Done Quick right now.
And last I checked, they were doing Donkey Kong Country 3, I believe was what we were watching being speedrun on that.
We were looking at that before the show tonight.
So, you know, shout out to those guys raising money for a good cause.
And I know a lot of you guys are checking that out on Twitch.
But just a reminder, that's going on if you had no idea that that was happening right now.
So there you go.
Maybe at the VOGCON we could do bad games played really slowly.
Maybe. I don't know. Just throwing it out there.
Really hard games played by someone that doesn't have the skill to quite complete this in a fashion that's entertaining.
Let's have Loki play it.
Exactly.
A guy who swears easily when he gets easily frustrated with the games.
I don't swear when I get easily frustrated.
I get really frustrated.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom says, so in other words, me playing games.
There you go.
Alright, that's all the hodgepodge I had for kicking us off our show tonight and all those shout outs and things.
So there you go. Let's get into our gaming week.
Before we get into the gaming news for the week, we're going to talk about what types of video games we have been playing this week.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Played some Final Fantasy XIV.
I have nothing but duties to do now. Duty.
Been playing Dragon Age Origins with some pretty risque mods on them.
Dragon Age Inquisition at the same time.
Well, not both at the same time.
I started playing Words with Friends again.
I'm embarrassed.
Oh yeah, Five Nights at Freddy's 4.
I still suck at it and I screamed.
I actually fell off of my chair and landed on the cat.
That was a little bit embarrassing.
Actually, it was a lot embarrassing.
But I will tell you all listeners because it's a night of honesty.
Okay, so I heard about the Five Nights at Freddy's 4 stealth release this week.
I'm sure it came early.
Yeah, I know. It was just kind of one of those like, you know what, I'm done, so fuck it, here it is on Steam, which I think is great.
You know what? More companies need to do that.
Right?
That's like the total anti-AAA company right there.
The fuck it, we're done release.
Hey, we're done early.
What?
Done early?
That doesn't happen in gaming.
What? And it's not broken?
So there it goes.
ActDeafed in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, Happy Summerween.
SG100Matt says, I watched a few streams of Five Nights at Freddy's 4.
That's as far as I will go because nope.
So what's the deal?
Honestly, I haven't looked up a lot on Five Nights at Freddy's this time around just because I am weak.
But what's like the story this time?
It's in your house now or something?
You're a little kid.
You basically start off with like the little pixel animation and you're the little crying kid.
And it's like you have a Freddy Fazbear doll on your bed.
And a medical IV dripper next to the bed.
And you're in your room scared of the dark.
And I haven't really gotten too far into it, mind you.
All you have is the ability to run to a door, shut the door that you're in front of, and you have your flashlight.
So like you have your closet door.
And you have the door leading out into the hallway.
And you can look either direction.
And then you keep flashing back to your thing.
And like Chica got me once.
I still haven't gotten what the pattern is to it.
But yeah, it's like...
I was just crazy. I only made, you know, did like the first night.
And I was like, okay, done. I'm just gonna wait for the online.
But I still bought it to support it.
Because I even bought you one of them.
You bought me Five Nights at Freddy's 4?
No, you bought me like two or three.
I got you two, I think. But I'll get you four if you want it.
Because I want to watch you play it and see you scream.
Yeah, I know. Everybody's asking about that live stream.
And well, I've got to do the vlog jam one still, which is far behind.
Rob, if you did it, if you streamed it after me buying you the game.
Because I'm offering.
I would even get you cheesecake.
That is really good incentive.
And somewhere Bobby Blackwell is sitting there going,
That's all I had to do is offer cheesecake.
You and I will go to the Cheesecake Factory and I will buy you whatever the fuck cheesecake you want.
Whatever piece of cheesecake you want.
Or cake.
What if pumpkin cheesecake's out of season and I can't really get what I want?
That they have on the menu.
I will eat my low carb cheesecake and cry.
And you can have the Godiva shit and balls ice cream.
Is that a real flavor?
I don't know.
Rob Robert's Five Nights of Cheesecake presents Rob Robert Plays Five Nights at Freddy's.
Shit and Balls Edition.
Shit and Balls Edition.
I offer that challenge to you, Rob. We must make this happen.
Bobby Blackwell in chat is going, I will order a damn cheesecake.
And I will also give you this limitation.
Saturday.
You have to do it.
If I do this before the VoG Jam thing, I will never hear the end of it from Bobby Blackwell. Never.
I know that's a strong word.
I'll play the VoG Jam games.
So that means I have to do the VoG Jam games and the Five Nights at Freddy's thing before Saturday.
How about do it on Saturday?
On Saturday.
On Saturday.
I could probably do that. We'll see.
I will come over and I will get you cheesecake.
Will you play the VoG Jam games with me? Because I think it would be more fun if you did.
Sure, I could do that.
There you go.
We'll make a day of it.
Okay. But we cap it off with a livestream of Five Nights at Freddy's 4.
Alright, fair enough.
And then there will be cheesecake. And then you will be baked.
And we'll do a periscope at the cheesecake.
Yes we will.
I'll put a fucking candle on that shit.
Just lie and tell him it's my birthday.
It's Rob's birthday. I mouth the word un.
Is it possible to like, because I'm sure you record your face when you're doing the livestreams and stuff,
can you have a second camera that could be facing the cheesecake and you can have cheesecake camera in the corner?
No, we're going to go out for the cheesecake afterwards because Rob has to actually sit down and play it.
Probably.
SSJ100Matt says, going against USL Travis will be pissed. No, we'll be done before USL because I want cheesecake.
Hell yeah. I say we do this at noon.
But we close off all the doors.
Our buddy John from Critical Myth told me already there's no new episodes this week.
So it's a repeat marathon. So it's okay if we go against that.
So we're like the pre-show to USL.
There you go, yes. There you go.
We have to set aside enough time for, what, at least three nights, right?
I guess. However far you think I'm going to actually be able to get.
Hey Rob.
What?
Rob is going to play Five Nights at Freddy's 4.
Anyway, alright.
Hey, I win at everything.
Your gaming week evolved into cheesecake.
I know. Cheesecake is the best motivator.
It brings people together.
Yeah, I love cheesecake.
Ever since the Golden Girls.
Alright. And Bobby.
That's it.
When we stream the cheesecake, we have to play the Golden Girls theme.
I still expect cheesecake at Dragon Con.
But for you, you can get me liquor that tastes like cheesecake.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
So this week I did play a few things.
I tried, well, I had to download Journey and try a little bit of that.
It's mainly showing games to my son to try to give him the place on the other than Lego Marvel superheroes.
Because I'm really getting tired of watching him play that game.
So I tried introducing him to Journey.
I'm like, it's cool. Look how pretty it is.
And he's like, I don't like the thing with the glowing eyes.
And so, I was like, ah, but it's so pretty.
And he's like, I don't care. The thing has glowing eyes.
So I stopped playing that after about a couple minutes.
But it is gorgeous. I like the update on PlayStation 4.
The next game I tried was Minecraft on PlayStation 4.
I was like, hey, you can play Minecraft.
And he's actually into that idea.
He got really excited about it.
But he doesn't understand how to work first person shooter style controls.
So that may be a little bit difficult.
So I have to work with him on that.
And he doesn't like the fact that it turns night time.
So I'm like, eh, we'll see.
I'm like, we can play it without zombies on. That's fine.
And then I tried playing DJ Hero 2 today.
But the universe decided that it didn't want me to play DJ Hero 2.
So it started off, I got this idea.
Because my wife is taking the kids out of the house a few hours earlier than our woman.
Because I've had to watch them all weekend.
And so I was like, I'm going to play some DJ Hero 2.
I've been talking about doing it. I'm going to do it.
Set everything up. Set up my demo unit DJ Hero controller.
It's wired and everything.
I pop it in. I go to turn my Xbox on.
And it keeps pushing a button.
I'm like, what the hell?
And the green button stuck because my sister was borrowing the controller.
I'm like, shit.
So I had to take the whole thing apart to fix the button.
And I did that.
And put it all back together.
I go to play the game. Can't find the disc.
God damn it.
So I was like, fine. I will go buy another copy at GameStop used.
Because it's like a dollar.
So whatever.
So I run the GameStop.
Go grab DJ Hero 1 and 2.
Because I think I sold one a long time ago.
And if not, who cares? It's a dollar.
So I picked those up.
I came back home.
And DJ Hero 2, the disc will not read.
So I played DJ Hero 1 for a little bit.
And I got another copy of DJ Hero 2 on the way to the show today.
So hopefully that one works.
But DJ Hero 1 is pretty good.
Except the audio sync on my TV is kind of off.
And I even tried recalibering and it's still off.
The button presses are synced now.
But it seems like when I did the crossfades it's still off by a little bit.
I miss them.
First off, you're throwing it back with a pick like DJ Hero 2.
I mean those games were really underrated and kind of missed.
Those games were great.
But I wonder, now that you bring up the whole music games and everything.
With these new TVs that have insane refresh rates and things compared to what we had 10 years ago.
I wonder how that plays into some of these music games you're trying to play.
It wasn't even laggy.
It was actually my TV because I had calibrated.
It had been so long.
So the last time I had it calibrated was when I was playing it on my work TV.
And the delay was less.
So I had to recalibrate, but it still seems off.
I may need to do it again.
Or try using maybe component cables instead of HDMI or something like that and see if that works.
I had my component cables hooked up, but I had my audio split so I could wear my headphones on it.
And I was like, I just don't feel like fucking hooking this back up again.
Even though it'll take a few seconds.
So, I don't know, DJ Hero was fun.
I played a little bit of it and then I was like, shit, I better go run some errands.
Aside from that, I've been working on my game tirelessly.
I've been doing a lot of one-eighth in the morning nights to work on it.
I was trying to get it to the point where I could film it and put it up this weekend.
But even that was kind of the software that I used, which was free.
I had cracked it at one point and it just stopped working.
So I did the right thing and bought it.
But they took hours to send me the key.
So I was pissed off that I went to record this and it has a big old watermark on it and shit.
But anyways, I had to tweak the gun on it so that it could rotate it around and stuff.
So I'm going to film it once it's done.
And once this level's done, which it is pretty much done now, I have to go back and do menus.
Go to my actual website that I have the domain purchased for.
It's been just sitting there for months.
And actually build the website, build the global leaderboards for it, and hook it all together so I can release a demo finally.
Wow. So maybe about six months? No, I'm kidding.
You joke, but yes, that's probably the time frame.
Alright. My gaming week. Like Loki, I also played Journey on PlayStation 4 with the release this week.
And it was really great to experience that game again.
I have to admit, the game is gorgeous on PlayStation 4, but I kind of thought it was already gorgeous on PlayStation 3.
So I actually didn't really notice that big of a graphical upgrade because I already thought the game looked amazing.
So, I mean, whatever there.
But I just more appreciate that it made me take another look at this game, which really is just one of the greatest games in the past ten years.
I mean, undoubtedly. And if for whatever reason you still haven't played Journey, I think now is the time to do it.
And, you know, it's just, I don't even know if you can put into words the experience when somebody else,
because everybody knows the twist by now, that somebody else will end up there on your journey that is also playing the game.
But you have no way of being able to talk to them except through these little chirps that you make with the button.
And those chirps will also replenish the flight ribbon or whatever it's called that allows you to do jumps for distances,
depending on how many different little symbols you've collected and so forth.
And it's really amazing, because you can't talk to that person, the different ways of non-verbal communication that develops.
And the person I ended up getting paired with for the majority of the Journey that I played the other night when I downloaded the game was being very helpful.
It was actually directing me, basically, where all the secrets are.
I would just slightly walk behind him or her in all the levels, and they would kind of lead to wherever all the different secret stuff was.
And then I kind of came up with this system where I would chirp twice to say thank you or something, and then they would chirp twice back.
And every time I collected a thing.
So I don't know, just something like that, even though it sounds silly the way I'm describing it,
just kind of the emotional impact that has with such a gorgeous game, with such a gorgeous soundtrack,
is just something you just have to experience, because there's really not a lot else like it in gaming right now.
So, again, if you have an experienced Journey, now's the time to do it on the PlayStation 4 with the, I'm assuming will be, definitive version of the game.
I can't see the game re-releasing again, but I guess you never know.
You can't really get, the graphics were simple enough to where I don't know if you could get it looking any better than it was.
Right, but I mean, that almost makes it sound like it looks bad, which it doesn't. It's gorgeous.
You can't really add more detail to it.
I was going to mention, I forgot to mention, I did play another game, Shadow of the Colossus HD.
I went back and played that, and that game is frustrating now.
Like, I remember having no trouble with it on PlayStation 2, but now when I play it on PlayStation 3,
it just seems like a lot harder than I remember, which is kind of odd.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com says,
What you'd notice is the frame rate. It's a much smoother experience on PlayStation 4.
You know what? I kind of credited that to the TV I'm playing on now, but you're probably right. It is very, very smooth.
See, I didn't even think about it. I just remembered it being that smooth. I didn't even remember the frame rate being an issue.
And Bobby also says, I only did one playthrough on the PS3. I'm looking forward to revisiting it.
I remember being sad when I got separated from my first journey partner.
I was really sad, too, because it was starting to be like 1230 in the morning, and I had to go to bed.
I was not going to be able to finish a playthrough of the game. I really had to go to bed.
So I did that thing where you, I guess when you hit pause or whatever, your character kneels, and they did it, too, like right in front of me.
And I'm trying to figure out, like, how do I quit out of the game?
And for some reason, I couldn't remember, like, how to, like, bring up the menu to quit.
I think I ended up just turning off my PlayStation 4.
But they sat down after I sat down, and I ended up getting the trophy, because I guess there's actually a trophy.
If you can get two people to sit down and, like, contemplate or whatever for, like, 15 seconds, you get a trophy.
So who knows if that person was trying to get it, too. I don't know.
But I ended up getting that trophy before I signed out, so I thought that was kind of neat.
EnrageNator in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Don't stop believin' the journey's fun.
Of course. Of course there has to be a reference there.
All right. So I did play Journey.
I also played, of course, more Final Fantasy XIV, because, hello, this is me we're talking about, and I play a lot of that game.
And a free company I'm in right now is really into running Alexander, which is the raid.
So I've been trying to help out there, and just other random things.
Like, another guy in my free company just got to level 50, so I've been trying to help him clear some stuff, and that's it.
Otherwise, I kind of think I've hit that point of, I really think I've done everything I can do right now on Final Fantasy XIV.
And then I remember, oh yeah, I should probably work on crafting.
And then it's like, oh shit, I'm going to fall down the rabbit hole all over again.
Well, I did be, I was sure, though, to make time for other games this week, and not let Final Fantasy XIV dominate my entire week.
And I will say, the last game I checked out this week that was new was a game that I said last week,
you know, everybody's talking about this game, I really need to check it out already.
So I played Rocket League on the PlayStation 4, which is, of course, free with PlayStation Plus, as you've probably heard.
And you've probably also heard that this game is probably turning out to be way more popular than most people assumed it was going to be.
And the concept behind it is that you're basically playing soccer, or I would say it almost feels like air hockey a little bit, but with a ball that can fly up.
And then instead of little like, you know, what do they call those things?
Paddles.
Paddles or whatever you grab onto in air hockey, you're driving a car.
And the car controls like, probably like a fast, like arcade racer style car where you can just instantly throw into reverse,
you can hit X and do like a quick, or sorry, a square and you can do a quick spin, you can do X to jump or even double jump and do all this crazy stuff.
So yeah, I mean, it's one of those things that sounds really simply stupid in concept, but some of the best games are.
Go back and look at what was great on the Atari 2600, it was extraordinarily simple games.
And it's simple concept, it's a ton of fun.
And I haven't even really played online. I'm scared to, because I have no sense of control over the ball.
Like I will always try to like jump to intercept the ball and I find myself jumping right over the ball, or I'm just under it, like I just.
And then I even went so far as to watch people playing the game on Twitch, because you know on the Playstation it's all built in, it's really easy to see people playing the game, right?
And I'm watching these people do crazy shit and I'm just like, I could never.
Like they know exactly how high to jump to like intercept the ball and all this stuff, like I can't do that.
I'm not that good.
But it's just fun to play and I'm playing against the computer, there's a whole like season mode where you are on a team and you do all these other fights for teams all the way to the season final and I guess the Super Bowl of Rocket League or whatever.
And I've just been having fun playing that, so.
I think if you have Playstation Plus, like seriously, go get Rocket League now, like flag it to your account before it's gone, because it's great.
And it's just, it's really simple.
There is a tutorial that will help get you situated, but it's not.
I mean, it's kind of like, here's how you drive, here's how you boost, here's how you turn, now go play.
It's very, very simple.
But there are also like drills. I found like there was a, like further within the tutorial you could actually do a mode where like you are in a goalie type position and it just keeps firing balls at you that you just deflect.
So like you have to be able to like, I'm going to drive and intercept the ball before it hits the goal.
And there's like little drills and things like that that kind of can help you be better, I guess.
So, there you go.
Justin's in chat saying, Rob, please play Rocket League with me, it's way more fun online.
Okay, I will, as long as you promise not to get mad that I'm terrible at it.
If you don't mind that I suck, that's fine.
There you go.
Let's see, Raginator in chat says, I saw a stream of Rocket League on Steam and it looks fun as fuck.
That's right, it's on PC as well.
But I don't think cross play is a thing.
At least I haven't heard if it is.
I think it's separate, but I'm sure there's tons of players on both.
So it's whatever, whatever.
Black Wolf says, advanced tutorial shows you the trick shot.
Yeah, that's right, you do like the double tap or whatever.
Orange Riot says, Rocket League is way more fun online, most of the people have trouble hitting the ball too.
And Justin says, we're all terrible at Rocket League, that's why it's fun.
And lastly, Brad from Pod Culture says, Rob will only play if you give him cheesecake.
That's why I'm going to name my team, the Sacramento Cheesecakes.
That'll be my name in Rocket League.
Dungeon Buster says, I should really try Rocket League.
Yes you should.
It is on Steam, for whatever reason you don't have PS4 yet, it is on Steam as well.
So you can check it out wherever.
Anyway, there you go.
That was my gaming week.
So let's get into housekeeping for tonight.
There actually is something really important and I probably should have said this earlier in the show.
So hopefully you guys have been listening this long.
We're actually going to do something a little different next week.
We're going to tape early next week.
We're going to do an early show next week.
This is a good thing for our folks overseas.
If you've ever wanted to participate with our show live, you'll have the ability to.
And if you're used to listening to this show live at 6 o'clock, don't worry, it will still repeat at its usual time after Bobby Black Wolf.
But we are going to tape early next week.
I think we're still working out the time.
It's probably going to be like 11 a.m. or noon Pacific.
Stay tuned to our Twitter feed for all the latest.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
We are going to do an early show next week.
The reason why I don't usually like to change things up too bad on you guys,
but a good friend of Dark Soccer and I is actually moving away from San Francisco away.
So a long time friend of ours.
I think she was on OLR once like years ago.
Victoria.
She doesn't play a lot of games so I don't know if she had a lot to talk about.
But yeah, she's been a good friend of the show.
And she's moving.
So she's having like a last hurrah goodbye dinner type of thing in the city.
So we're going to try to do that on Sunday instead of OLR that night.
So I hope you all understand.
It's for an occasion that doesn't happen every day.
So we're going to do an early show.
For overseas people, they're probably thrilled to hear this news.
Because you can call in and participate.
It'll be at like 8 o'clock in the evening your time.
It'll be a much, much better time than it usually is.
And SHO 100 Matt in Chat says, Grandpa's wife?
Yes, it's Grandpa's legally separated wife at this point.
Because Grandpa moved.
They live in separate places now and she's moving.
So yes, it's Grandpa's wife for those of you that were listening to Hoard House.
So there you go.
As SHO 100 Matt in Chat also says, Rob will end up with a huge ass after all these cheesecake game invites.
You know what? Worth it.
Totally worth it.
You could get low carb cheesecake if you wanted.
Now what's the fucking point of that?
I could. I could also, I don't know, rip my fingernails off one by one.
But why would I do that?
Because you're eating low carb cheesecake, of course.
It's actually delicious.
I've had it before. It's okay.
It's okay, but I don't think they make pumpkin low carb cheesecake. I'm just saying.
I know how to.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news tonight, you guys.
Traveling around, talking about what's been happening in our fun little industry this week.
Loki, start us off.
Alright, so everybody that's pre-ordered Street Fighter V was all set and excited to play the Street Fighter V beta.
Well, hope you keep that excitement because the beta was shut down pretty quickly.
Unfortunately, they were running into issues with it.
And they had to perform some maintenance, or extended maintenance, during which the beta will not be available.
And unfortunately, they will reopen that again later on once they've fixed whatever problems there are.
But that's why it's a beta test.
It's a beta test. Gotta get all your bugs out now.
There's a part of me that kind of agrees.
Like, okay, yeah, it's a beta test. This shit's gonna happen.
When you agree to do a beta test, this is part of what you sign up for.
You know, they're testing their online so that this shit won't happen when the quote unquote real game comes out.
The only part that kind of doesn't, like, it sits in an awkward place with me
is the fact that they're basically selling this beta with preorders for Street Fighter V.
So, people that are trying to get into the beta, they did pay for it, right?
Am I incorrect? Is there a free way to get into the beta without preordering?
I don't think so.
So, that's the only thing that kind of sits kind of with me is that you are paying to get into it, so it probably should work.
But I kind of feel like, again, at the end of the day...
Like, if you're buying a game to play a beta...
Yeah, I know.
...and you're dropping $5, you know, a year before the, you know, six months before it comes out, then...
And you know there's people out there, though, that are like rage...
You know there's the rage post out there about, I'm not gonna buy the full game now because it's beta, so...
Whatever. You know what? They're gonna reopen the beta at a later date.
Be glad that this is now and, you know, they didn't just do it sans beta and like,
oh, well fuck, all of our online play's fucked, so sorry.
And that's the part of it where I'm okay with it, so at least if they're seeing, like, Meltdown Supreme happen right now,
then they can fix that before the game goes live.
No one will remember when the game comes out.
Yeah. There's that whole Miyamoto thing, right? A bad game's bad forever.
But a good game, you know, people will forget the delays. So...
Yeah, it's like Zelda on the DS and GameCube.
Speaking of delays, of sorts, not really, but I know there's some people that may delay their decisions
to buy Rise of the Tomb Raider when they hear this news.
Because, you know, Rise of the Tomb Raider, it's going to be a Xbox One exclusive.
It's this big thing that they were trumpeting at E3 and so forth.
Yeah, it's exclusive.
And they're... It is.
It is exclusive to them.
For now.
That's a huge deal.
For now. But guess what's going to happen?
In early 2016, Rise of the Tomb Raider will launch for Windows 10 on the PC.
But it was exclusive. This isn't supposed to happen.
No, no, no, no. It's timed exclusive.
Timed exclusive.
But that's impossible. They totally convinced me that it was never coming to other platforms.
I mean, we were so confident when they announced that at E3 that, like,
we knew that there was no possible way that this was ever happening.
Well, Loki, it gets better. Because Square Enix also announced PlayStation 4 in Holiday 2016.
So there it is. PlayStation 4 is locked out for one year.
Wow. No one's going to give a shit about that game in a year's time.
Well, hold on. Hold up. Put the car in park.
Because I seem to recall, wasn't there this whole thing about the first Tomb Raider
and there was a lot of crap going around because Tomb Raider didn't sell,
and I'm using my quote-y fingers, enough copies, that Square Enix was,
and I'm using my quote-y fingers, disappointed with Tomb Raider and that whole thing,
with the sales or whatever, even though it had sold, like, millions, right?
Because I remember we were all sitting here going,
how is this game because A, it's a great fucking game,
and B, it's selling, like, seven million or something,
and Square Enix said that was a disappointment.
But then, and my point is that then later, because of all these deep discounts,
you know, PlayStation sales, Microsoft sales, Steam sales,
they were selling way more copies of the game.
Like, it was 11 billion copies at this point.
Exactly. Like, I was looking through my PlayStation library and I'm like,
I don't even remember bringing this in here, but there it is.
And then that doesn't even count the fact that they remastered it
and did it again for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and probably still made money off it.
Well, I'm sure everyone on PlayStation 4 will enjoy picking up the Game of the Year edition
with all the DLC when it comes out a year later.
You know, that's what's going to fucking happen.
It sucks for you Xbox people that are going to be picking it up a year early.
Well, I don't, I mean, you say that, but I'm probably still going to buy it on Xbox One this holiday
because I really want to play it because the last Tomb Raider game was so good, so.
Yeah, I'm feeding the system.
Don't we all? I mean, what, I don't understand the logic of just waiting a whole year to buy it
for, you know, the other platform. I don't know.
Is it going to be cheaper or something? Maybe? I don't know.
I don't get the logic either, but also the logic doesn't make any sense where,
oh, I'm going to buy a system for Tomb Raider. I don't think anybody's going to do that.
People like Tomb Raider, but it's not going to sell systems.
It's not usually one game, Loki, but a handful of games will do it, of which Tomb Raider could be one of.
And, you know, a lot of the Microsoft marketing stuff has been showing, like, you know,
this is our exclusive lineup, and they've got, you know, Halo 5 right next to the Rare Replay,
right next to the Gears of War, I don't have Gears of War remasters in that,
and then the Tomb Raider's there, and then, you know.
Crackdown, Forza.
Yeah, Forza.
Motorsport 6.
Yeah, 6 or whatever they're on now. So, you know, and that's their little thing is that, you know,
we've got all these games, so when you look at that, I think it's not necessarily one game,
but maybe, like, oh, there's a handful of games I want to play on it.
Alright, I'm just saying, you know, it's going to come out later, and you'll be able to get cheaper,
and it'll have more content in it.
Well, I mean, it's not like-
Or if it's not cheaper, it'll just have more content in it.
I don't know. I guess we'll see. I guess you pay a premium to have the game a little early,
but isn't that true of every single game? I mean, because if you wait long enough,
a game is going to be on discount, be it, again, one of these PlayStation Flash sales,
or a Steam sale, or Humble Bundle, or something, you know?
Games are always going to go on sale eventually, and probably after about a year.
I'm just worried, like, you know, because it's- I think people are going to lose interest in it, maybe?
You know, because when games get delayed for a long time, like, especially a year is a long time,
there's going to be a lot of stuff that's going to come out between now and then.
You know, people might be excited about Tomb Raider now, on Xbox One,
but in a year's time, maybe they won't care about, you know, Tomb Raider,
because Uncharted 4 will have come out, and all these other games that hopefully Sony will release.
Well, I do-
Aside from Uncharted 4.
I do think you're right that Square will do something to the game to get it to be re-noticed on PlayStation 4,
because you're right, at that point, now it has to compete against Uncharted,
which is, you know, which will probably be a huge holiday game, or maybe not summer game, next year for Sony.
You know, it's going to be huge.
So yeah, it'll be weird if the two games are competing against each other.
I would think Square Enix would do something to say, but this is the You Gotta Have It edition.
Let's just hope it gets good reviews too, because I mean, the last one did get good reviews,
but let's just- I mean, Arkham Knight got, you know, could have had some good reviews too on PC,
but like, I'm talking like other platforms, there's a lot of like, assumptions being made here.
I don't know, I'm sure that whatever money that they are getting from this exclusive deal,
they made a cost-benefit analysis on it, and they're like,
okay, this is the best course of action for us to be profitable in this game,
and fine, this isn't what they chose. Whatever.
Alright, well we'll see what happens. At least they have a few extra months to make that PC version, you know.
Yeah, or the PlayStation 4 version, yeah. I'm looking forward to seeing that hopefully be better.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, it would help if it would load. Okay.
So, there has been a bunch of talk about the ending of Silent Hills, how that project fell apart,
because Konami is being a butthole.
Okay, maybe there's more technical to it than that, but I'm not gonna go into it.
Anyway, it actually has been stated by Del Toro that he actually keeps in touch with Kojima,
and the two of them still plan on collaborating in the future on a game,
and it did say specifically on a game, but he specified it would not be a Silent Hill game.
In fact, his quote is that, says, I love working with Kojima-san.
We are still in touch, we are still friends, and looking into doing something together, but that's not going to be Silent Hills.
He had mentioned before too that he was done with games, but I have a feeling that what they're working on is definitely gonna be a game.
Maybe something along the line of Silent Hill, who knows.
Please look forward to the Kickstarter.
We will.
Well, even if Guillermo Del Toro is done with games, you know, maybe they could still collaborate,
and what happens is that Kojima does the game, and Guillermo Del Toro can maybe do a movie or a TV show.
Yeah, here's an idea, hmm, I don't know, we could have another giant mech movie that Del Toro made,
and hmm, Kojima did work on a mech game.
Metal Gear the movie?
No, no, didn't he do...
Arizona of the Enders, no.
Yeah, Arizona of the Enders.
So are you thinking that possibly Kojima could do something with Pacific Rim? Is that...
Maybe, I don't know, that'd be kinda cool. Like a Pacific Rim game.
They already said they're working on the sequel.
I know that is a thing that's happening, but is Guillermo Del Toro doing the sequel?
I thought I heard he wasn't doing the sequel. I mean, he's probably involved in a production story capacity, but I don't think he's doing it.
Or how about we merge the two together? It'll be Pacific Rim style mechs fighting like evil things in Silent Hill.
Call it deep silent.
I still think there's a lot of people out there that would really like to see the P.T. thing kind of realized.
And to be honest, there wasn't that much Silent Hill really in what they showed on that P.T.
So they could still kind of take that, and probably, I mean, besides the obvious trailer at the end,
but you know, they could probably still take a lot of those same concepts and put them into a game.
Of course, if Konami funded P.T., then they can't exactly, technically, Konami owns all that shit in P.T.
So I don't think you're gonna be able to-
They can have the little rooms and trailer.
Whatever characters or things you saw couldn't really come to a full game, but I think if Guillermo Del Toro and Kojima are like,
we have this different idea for a scary game, I think the entire internet's gonna be like,
Yes! Take my money. Shenmue money, Kickstarter, biggest of all time could probably be challenged by whatever they would come out and announce.
So, we'll see.
But I think that would be really neat if they worked together to maybe build a franchise where Guillermo Del Toro has the Netflix show that goes with the Kojima game,
and they kind of help each other out a little bit, but it's still kind of separated, if that makes sense.
That'd be kind of cool. I don't know.
Let's see, Tigerclaw in chat says,
You know how developers leave the company and make a game that's a spiritual successor to a previous game?
Well, yeah. I mean, you're seeing that with-
Yes, Mighty No. 9 is totally not Mega Man. Totally different.
It's different enough, Wink Nudge.
Anyway, Dungeon Buster in chat says,
May still be considered proprietary tech for Konami.
And you know, there's some people out there saying, and again, this could just be a bunch of hot air, and it probably is,
that Capcom is just waiting for Mighty No. 9 to come out and then they're gonna sue.
Which would be such a dick thing to do this late along, but that way they could get all the money from it without ever having to have done work.
Well, you know what? I'd like to see them do that.
And you know why I'd like to see them do that? Because then I can write them off even faster.
It would be very- yeah, the backlash would be significant, I think.
You think people are pissed off at Konami? I mean, at least Konami's not making any more games, I mean, that people are gonna buy.
I'm not trying to fear Monger. I'm not saying that is gonna happen. I'm just saying it's not off the table. It could.
No, it's not off the table.
But I could get hit by a car when I go walk down the street too.
That anniversary collection's coming around the corner and no one has to buy that either, so, you know, keep that in mind, Capcom.
You know, maybe you shouldn't have fucking, um, I don't know, gotten rid of the person doing Mega Man because you said,
oh, Mega Man doesn't sell, or whatever the fucking reasons were. I'm sure they were bullshit.
Yeah, we remember- we've seen the prototype footage of what you wanted Mega Man to be.
Or, like, I would like to call it, uh, the Bomberman Act Zero of Mega Man.
Alright, well, TigerCall on chat says Capcom sent enough shit as it is with the Street Fighter V beta, not worrying.
Well, that's-
I think people will get past that, though.
I mean, it's not like-
That's more hot water than, you know.
If you want to be mad at Capcom, you can be mad at Capcom for, like, you know, putting, you know, for canceling Mega Man Legends 3,
uh, for insulting everybody by putting box art Mega Man in fucking Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Like, that's a big troll move right there.
Um, now presenting Loki's list of things that should piss you off more than the Street Fighter V beta.
DLC on disc? I mean, I don't know.
Alright, Loki, let's- let's shift gears. Let's do a different topic.
Alright, so let's talk about Dave & Busters.
And Dave & Busters, once again, kind of in the news here, because they're maybe gonna be the way that Pokken Tournament comes to the North American market.
And, um, you know, right now, they- I guess there was a Reddit AMA with, um, Dave & Busters Senior Vice President, um, Kevin Bacchus,
and he's basically saying that, you know, there's a possibility, you know, that they may be bringing this game to their chain.
Um, you know, saying, you know, you guys are on good terms with Nintendo Namco, right?
Pokken fighters would be likely, um, to at least get a location test of the operator, right?
And he says, yes, we will be testing Pokken.
Candidly, both Namco and I are more optimistic about that title than our typical guests at, um, than Tekken.
So, that would be kind of cool. It looks like a weird game.
Might check it out.
Yeah, it looks, uh, it looks kind of crazy, but, um, that whole, like, Q&A that was going on with the Dave & Busters guy on Reddit,
that was, um, really interesting, because, uh, a lot of the music game fans found that and stormed on that,
and were asking questions about, like, all these different music games, and, you know, compared to most executives, you would think,
like, this guy was pretty well educated on, like, what the Bomani series was and what games were out there,
so I just thought, I thought that whole thing was an interesting read.
Well, I would think that you would have to be up in your, you know, market and stuff.
I mean, if you're selling video games, then you know the video game market.
Um, if you're running an arcade, you know the arcade market.
I mean, that only makes sense that you would know that. If you don't know it, then how are you going to survive in that business?
I thought it was, I thought it was very interesting, too, especially in talk about a lot of those Bomani games, you know,
having, having been in that fandom for years and years, and really still am to an extent,
but, um, I thought it was very interesting, just the very frank talk of, if it doesn't make money, we can't put it in the store.
You know, like, these games have to perform to a certain standard, or, you know, we can't, we can't really do it.
I just thought there was some very frank dialogue that, you know, I don't know, maybe also says something about the state of arcades on a bigger level,
but, you know, if you want these games to stay, you have to go play them, essentially, right?
Who would have thought?
Alright, well, shifting gears here to another rumor that's going around, but this one's, this one's worth talking about,
because, you know, Universal had that agreement with Nintendo not that long ago that had to do with doing Nintendo things in theme parks.
So, Universal and Nintendo signed this agreement where, you know, Nintendo characters could be in the theme parks and so on.
This happened probably just a couple months ago.
Well, there's a rumor gaining steam out there around different blogs, take it with a grain of salt, because it is a rumor, but imagine the possibilities.
Universal apparently planning to create a third park as a part of Universal Orlando that is a video game heavy park.
It would not just have Nintendo rides.
Apparently, rumor is that there are other publishers and developers such as Activision Blizzard on board.
A World of Warcraft attraction is apparently in development, along with a Mario Kart ride,
because you have to fucking have a Mario Kart ride if you're going to do a Nintendo theme park.
A Pokemon ride and a Zelda ride.
Now, of course, this is a heavy rumor, but this would make a lot of sense that, of course, you're going to try to leverage some other brands and not just Nintendo.
You're not just going to have Nintendo World.
You might have something for other age ranges as well.
That would be pretty cool.
I hope they do it, obviously.
The gamer in me would love to see this actually become a reality, as long as they do it right.
That would be so fucking amazing, as if by the time that park came about that we had AR technology good enough to where you could wear AR goggles while driving the Mario Kart to actually play Mario Kart.
That probably could be a thing. Who knows?
ActDeft in chat over at live.vognetwork.com suggests Pokemon Snap the ride.
Why not? It was on rails. They could totally have a Pokemon Snap ride.
Every theme park has a little kid section, and I could totally see that being a little kid ride.
I would just ride it. I don't care about little kids.
But I ride the little kid stuff at Disneyland once in a while, too.
It's all about Bugsland.
Yeah, the little Bugsland has some cute stuff in it, so why not?
It also has some really stupid stuff in it, too, like that movie they do for Bugs Life.
Like, no, go away. It's bad.
Well, I do have some disappointing news, though.
You know, the early rumors are that this park is actually going to be based entirely around Metroid Prime Federation Force.
So, I hope you enjoy that.
That's why it's so important to Nintendo.
Oh, we need to start a petition. Can't have that.
I'm going to change .org right now.
No Metroid Federation Force allowed at the Universal Theme Park.
Oh, you troll. I love it.
All right, speaking of Nintendo, Dark Soccer, you got something else for us before release dates?
I do indeed.
Nintendo's getting weird with their patents.
I mean, I guess kind of not weird, but they have this patent out for a wireless sleep monitor.
Basically, what it is, it looks like it's kind of a digital alarm clock with a charging station for, like, an iPhone or something.
It has speakers on the front and then the rear of it has a ceiling projector on it.
So, you can, like, their patent says, and I'm just going to read it on here.
This information processing system comprises a portable terminal.
The portable terminal detects sensor information for assessing a user's emotions.
It would be permissible, as an example, for the sensor information to be sound information,
which is detected by a microphone, or image information, which is captured by a camera.
No idea what this is for, but, like, there's pictures.
It has images being directly put up on the ceiling.
I mean, the patent came out last year.
They actually did reveal it to their investors.
But it was supposed to be, I think, just something for an arm other than games development, like, for another business arm as the company expanded.
Well, we are seeing that Nintendo's getting into other things, such as, you know, the Amiibo is a very, you know, physical, huge market for them now.
And I thought we heard something a while ago about Nintendo exploring some of these other avenues.
And I think Nintendo's always taken an interest in this whole, like, mind and body type of stuff.
I mean, look at some of the stuff that's done very well for Nintendo. Wii Fit, Brain Training.
You know, these were all things that were rooted in taking a game experience beyond maybe just a game.
Well, the other thing on here is that it talks about having sensors, remote sensors, to detect pulse rate, temperature, humidity, that would bring this in through the camera, or microphone, or another input of some sort.
And that it also did reflect the Wii Balance Board being used to measure weight.
All of it's supposed to be uploaded to Nintendo servers and giving you a sleep score that you would get on the ceiling. That was part of it.
I could see Nintendo doing something like this.
Competitive sleeping.
Well, yeah, like a sleep training type of thing.
I'm gonna win that one.
Finally, a video game I can be good at.
But, you know, like, one of the reasons people buy Fitbits is to monitor, like, their sleep activity, but there's only, like, does the Apple Watch do that too?
No, but I'm hoping for there to be an app for it. The thing is, I put mine on my charger overnight.
But the thing charges in, like, 20 minutes anyway.
Yeah.
But I'm wondering if there isn't something there Nintendo is sensing that they're maybe trying to get ahead of the game a little bit, which is what they need to do, right?
They need to, instead of playing catch up, they need to be ahead of the curve.
So maybe they're sensing, like, people might have an interest in getting better sleep at night.
Like, who doesn't wake up crabby sometimes because they didn't sleep well enough at night?
Maybe Nintendo is trying to do something to that experience, and I could totally see a huge marketing thing with that, you know, about.
Yeah. It looks like marketing, but you know what they're doing.
What?
Because this is the only way they're gonna stay ahead of the competition. By stealing your dreams.
They are going in there with this device, and they are stealing your dreams. It's being beamed straight to Nintendo. That is how they're gonna get ahead.
They're actually par- it's- that was the plot of Super Mario 2. That's how Wart is gonna come back. He's gonna actually be stealing dreams. Wart will be in this device somehow.
What do you think Reggie is? In disguise.
It was a warning. We didn't even see it. And now we're too late.
Oh god, I feel like it's an episode of Scooby-Doo. It was Wart the whole time. We all wondered what happened to him.
Why isn't he in Smash Brothers?
That's a good- I asked this question like a year ago. Like, what the fuck ever happened to Wart?
Like, and a lot of those characters in Mario 2 were kind of infamous. I know the Shy Guys have come back, and I think there were a couple others as well.
Like Birdo I think we've seen again in some places. But there were a lot of cool characters in Mario 2 that just really kind of fucking disappeared.
And maybe a part of that was because of the fact that it wasn't really Mario 2 to begin with in Japan. It was that whole TV tie-in.
For Mario Maker, did they have a Mario 2 style in there, or was it just-
I don't think so, because that's A, it's either probably DLC later on, or B, remember Mario 2 didn't really play like the other Marios because the characters could all do different things.
The Princess float-
Whatever, you can do shit in Mario Maker that you can't do in a normal- I mean there's not Chain Chomps in Super Mario Brothers.
Yeah, so-
So, I think it's just Super Mario 1, 3, and World, and-
The Wii version.
Yeah, new Super Mario.
I would imagine too, they're probably just saving for DLC or something. They'll probably be a Game Boy one at some point too.
You can make your own Super Mario Land. I don't know.
Let's see, Tigerclaw points out the Shy Guys were in Doki Doki Panic.
And Dark Tetsuya said,
I know there was an episode of Gaming Historian on YouTube where he talked in depth about the Super Mario 2 thing.
So, there you go.
DungeonBuster in chat says,
We need an idea for new Mario levels. Bring up Dream number 3324-552.
Alright, let's travel around the world and see what dreams are becoming a reality as we check out this week's release dates around the world, starting in the US. Loki?
There's a Legend of K anniversary edition coming out on Wii U and Playstation 4.
Last I remembered, this was a Wii game, so I guess it's being ported over to those systems.
BlazBlue Chronofantasma Extend on Playstation Vita.
Lost Dimension on the Vita.
King's Quest, Chapter 1, that's going to be coming out as a download.
I'm excited about that.
Playstation 4, Playstation 3, I'm guessing PC and Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
They also are selling the complete collection for that as well.
So, if you don't want to wait, you can purchase everything for 40 bucks.
Along with that, let's see, that'll be it actually.
Alright, let's travel over to Japan and check out some releases over there on the Playstation 4.
F1 2015 is out this week from Ubisoft as well as Fushigi no Chronicle.
Furikari Masen Katsu Madewa comes out from Spike this week on the Playstation 4.
On the Wii U this week, haha, there's nothing.
I don't even know when the next game comes out in Japan.
I think it's probably Mario Maker. I think they get it on the 10th of September.
But, yeah, nothing coming out there on the Wii U.
Playstation Vita still gets a lot of love over in Japan.
And there is a ton coming out on the Vita this week.
Dyson Ryaku Exceed 2, date a live twin edition, Rio reincarnation.
Well, it's better than Davey and a dead twin.
In regular and limited edition.
And it looks like it's based off an anime or something.
I'm not, because of course it is.
You don't say.
Who else would you be dating besides anime girls?
Follow the protagonist, Shido Itsuka, a second year student from the Ryzen High School,
to conduct his mission to save spirits of girls.
Mysterious existences coming from bordering dimensions containing unpredictable evil powers.
Players will have to balance the time in order to keep the balance of affection points with various characters.
While rescuing girls seems not that easy, Shindo has to date the girls for the sake of sealing the power.
I must save them by having sex with each of them.
Dates do not always have to involve copulation, thank you.
I understand that, but he's sealing the power.
But they better involve cheesecake.
They better involve cheesecake.
Date a live twin, Rio reincarnation, out this week in Japan.
From compile.
Of course it's compile.
Heart no Kunen no Alice, new version, regular and limited edition coming out this week on the PlayStation Vita.
A game called Clap! Kind Love and Punish comes out, also in a regular and limited edition this week.
And that one looks like it's also based on an anime, but this one looks like it has a lot of dudes.
Clap! Kind Love and Punish. Is that an anime I don't know about?
It's Clap! with a K. Clap your hands.
Natsumegu comes out on the Vita, as well as Prince of Stride.
And Zetai Meikyu Himitsu no Oyayube Hime comes out this week in Japan.
That is a ton of shit on the PlayStation Vita.
That's like all the games we're getting in an entire year here in the US.
They're getting in like one week in Japan.
That reminds me, when did they ever come up with as far as the voting goes for whether you're going to continue on doing Japanese release dates?
We postponed that because Dark Sakura was out for a few weeks. We're going to have to bring that back. We'll set a time for that.
Maybe in like two weeks we'll do it.
Eventually.
Yeah, eventually. Because next week's the early show. Maybe in two weeks we'll do that.
Lastly on the Nintendo 3DS. Oh, here you go Loki.
If the live twin game wasn't up your alley, you ready for this one?
I can't even read it without laughing.
Nintendo 3DS presents Corpse Party! Blood-Covered Repeated Fear comes out this week on the 3DS.
It's actually a pretty popular game.
Is it?
Yeah, Corpse Party.
I don't know the series at all.
It came out I think on the Wii.
Oh.
I think it was the Wii title.
It may have been a Wii eShop title. I thought it was the Wii. It was Wii or Vita or something like that.
All these ghosts are making this girl cry in this picture. It's not very nice.
So there you go.
Dark Tetsuya says, that's an old one. I think it goes back to the PC-98, one of those old Japanese PC games.
Wow, okay. I was not familiar with this series. This is why I like having a live audience.
But that is the antithesis to your date a live twin. Otherwise you would have a Corpse Party.
That's right.
Monster Hunter 4G gets a price reduction.
There's Princess... God, I read this wrong at first. I thought it said Princess Precure, Sugar Kingdom and the Sex Princesses, but it's actually the Six Princesses.
Look what this show has done to me. It's disgusting.
And last but not least, a little game you might have heard of before called Dobuso no Mori, Happy Home Designer.
You know what that game is, right?
Overpriced is what it is.
Animal Forest.
That is Animal Crossing in Japan. The Happy Home Designer comes out this week in Japan on the 3DS.
I urge you not to buy it because it's overpriced. You don't need Animal Crossing amiibo.
I thought I saw a rumor or whatever, I don't know what weight it has, but that the cards are... they can't keep them in stock in Japan.
I'm not even going to get you started. Just shut up.
Because printing cards is so difficult.
Just shut up.
Those import fees in Japan. Holy crap. How do they keep it from the import-export? It literally doesn't have to leave the company.
Where's Mike? There it is. He's done.
Dark Sakura. What's coming out in the UK?
Children.
Okay. On the 28th, the swindle for PC. On the 29th, the swindle for everything else.
That's it.
That's it?
Yeah.
There's three Wii games in Japan and there's like two?
Yeah.
Alright. Moving on.
Yeah.
Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
You know what's not coming out though? It's Project Cars on the Wii.
Because apparently... or I'm sorry. The Wii. Well, definitely not on the Wii. And also definitely not on Wii U.
And this is funny because this game is really hyped up for the Wii U.
And like they said, despite much perseverance on the Wii U version of the Project Cars, we will no longer be actively pursuing development on it as the quality does not meet our own high standards nor the intended vision for the title and platform.
Basically saying that it was simply too much for the system to handle. That's disappointing.
This is just too much.
So the system couldn't handle it. You can't handle the cars.
But with that though, they are going to be looking at other systems that may be coming in. So I'm thinking that they're going to be looking at maybe the next Nintendo system that will be coming out if it's going to be powerful. Maybe they'll pour it over to that.
But now we are still going to get the F-Zero clone that's not really an F-Zero clone but it is an F-Zero clone. Wink wink.
We're still getting that, right?
Yes, we're getting the mighty number F-Zero or whatever that is.
Alright.
Mighty number zero.
Alright. Well one thing that you'll not be getting on the Wii U after next month is TV. That's right. Do you remember that the Wii U has a service called TV and it's actually going to be shutting down on August 11th.
This was of course a service that was on the Wii U. If you have a Wii U right now you can actually check this out until August 11th.
Where the gamepad is like a second screen that you use when you watch TV and you can have like little Miiverse style chats.
For some services they actually do live updates. I remember seeing football games on this where the scores and some of the plays would come through. I thought it was kind of cool actually.
Which is why it needs to be taken care of.
Yeah, which is why they're getting rid of it apparently.
One versus 100. That's awesome. Get rid of it.
Game room. Get rid of it.
I think people just didn't know about it. Or maybe the fact that Nintendo didn't really hype this thing up too much. I guess they did when the system first came out but then they had to really focus on the game issue without the third parties there.
They all abandoned ship or whatever. So I think they kind of had to just give up on TV. Which I thought was an interesting idea but I also get why it didn't really work.
Because it was a little clunky. I think things like this have to be instantaneous.
You know, TV. You press the power button, on comes the television. That's it. Right? And you change the channel to whatever you want to watch.
Like TV on the Wii U, not as fast. And I think that's part of the problem with some of this stuff. So I don't know.
But anyway, of course this is just not long after the news that TV would not be coming to Europe due to the extremely complex nature of localizing multiple television services across a diverse range of countries with varied licensing systems.
So there you go. It's going away. So if you want to check it out before it's gone, check it out by August 11th.
Hey, by the way, Miiverse is also going to be renovated on July 29th. Miiverse is going to be given an overhaul. That's just a little later this week.
There will be some new features. It will also change how game specific communities work. And there's going to be a posting limit on all users.
You will be limited to making 30 posts a day. And I think they're saying this is to keep Miiverse chat game centered.
And that there will not be like roleplay stuff and some of the weird stuff that's shown up on, I shouldn't call roleplay weird, but there has been some weird stuff beyond just roleplay that showed up on Miiverse.
Just check out, what's that Twitter? Bad Miiverse posts or something like that? You can see a lot of hilarity over on Miiverse. So check that out.
I just hope that, you know, some of the coolest stuff we see in Splatoon has nothing to do with Splatoon.
Like when Iwata passed away, there were all those like really great tributes that were showing up in Splatoon because that's where people went because that's what the Nintendo fans, most of them are playing right now.
So I hope that even though they're going to be doing some of these limits and these other things that they don't try to like filter out organic conversation, if that makes sense.
So we'll see. TigerConChat talking about the TV button on the Wii U saying the TV button actually opens a remote to control your TV.
That's right. When they shut down the TV service, it's not the remote control that you get with the TV button. That will still work because that's just a remote control.
But it's the actual like you can actually log into this app and it will turn your Wii U gamepad into a bit more of a second screen thing.
So there you go. Kaijuto says bye bye fun times on Miiverse. They're going to fuck it up big time. I hope not, but I don't know. We'll see.
Alright, well before people were asking on Miiverse how babies were made, we had other types of video games that we were playing and you couldn't post on social media about them.
You could take a Polaroid and show it to your friends. That was about it.
Dark Soccer's going to step into the gaming vault and find a classic video game that she thinks, hey, brats, you kids out there, you should be playing this game this week.
And this is one of my very, very, very favorite classic games, I must say. You were going to do this game last week, but then, you know.
Yeah, this needs to be in my vault, but Dan says it sucks and I'm going to kick him in the shin.
You should kick him in the shin. I want to get one. Allen knows that I want to get one.
They were selling one at California Extreme.
What? Oh my god, honestly, I am dopey enough, I would have bought it.
Oh god, I forgot to mention all the stuff I played there. They had a Castlevania vs.
Oh my god, anyway, alright, so let's get to it. What is the classic game of the week and the first arcade game I won in my house?
Baby Pac-Man. It is a hybrid arcade pinball table that was put out by Bally Midway October 11th, 1982.
It is a 13-inch video screen that's over a small pinball table and basically it fits into the same, basically the same space as a regular arcade machine.
Namco, of course, did not authorize this. This was totally done by Bally Midway, just like all of some of the other weird ones were.
Like Pac-Man Plus, Junior Pac-Man, and Professor Pac-Man. Basically, this is why Namco is like, okay, we're done with you Bally Midway.
There are 7,000 of them produced.
So basically, you have like your whole maze area up at the top and you go around and the ghosts are kind of bastards.
And they look very Atari, like maybe 5200-ish, you know.
So anyway, you go around and you have no energizers, but you do have chutes that are at the bottom of the screen, so when you go down there, you go to pinball table land.
And so basically, you just have to hit the targets with the pinball, you have two flippers, and you can earn different power pills- well, the energizer pills.
Get different fruit bonuses, get better tunnel speed, all the stuff that you do in the video mode. So basically, you're building power-ups by using the pinball mode.
And then when you lose the ball in play, you go back to video mode, and then the chutes close, so you have to either eat all of the remaining everything else up there, or get caught by a ghost to reopen them, and then of course you run out of lives.
We were on like a 5 life machine, it was great.
And that's really Baby Pac-Man, but it was so unique, and I think people are stupid if they don't like it. I'm kidding.
Well, Alan Alchemy in chat says it's incredible for the concept in cabinet, but honestly, it's a pinball table, it's kind of bad.
Well, it's not meant to be just pinball, it's the combination. So, the little pinball mode is really just sort of like, oh my god, the ghosts are about to get me, run, and go down the chute.
So, I'm actually kind of decent at this one, I can get a lot of power-ups.
The pinball table is plain. I think that's the problem with it, there's not a lot of action going on in the center of the board, like in most machines that you see. It's nothing but lights, with the little bumpers at the top.
And I think that's part of why this board feels really plain, because there's nothing in the center of it. They don't even have kickers.
Yeah, but the whole point is to hit the targets. And you can do all the old tricks, like the ball toss and everything, the flippers are lined up just right.
I think it's a good, I would call it almost an introductory pinball table for some people, because it helps you really build up those targeting skills.
True.
Which, I mean, would come into play in a much bigger table like Twilight Zone. By the way, you know what's going to be at my house when I get there?
What?
A Black Knight 2000.
Really?
Yep.
You guys doing, uh...
We're expanding again.
I was going to say, you haven't had pinball games in a while.
We have three in the garage.
Do you?
Yeah. World Cup, Twilight Zone, and Jackbot.
Sorry, you never got rid of them.
Nope, we used to have like 13, but yeah, we were getting a Black Knight 2000 because we lucked into a really solid deal, on a really nice one.
Are the pinball addictions happening again at Casa de Dark Sakura?
You better watch, I might just do Black Knight 2000. I think I've done Black Knight 2000, actually.
Alright. There it is, your classic game of the week, Baby Pac-Man. And I don't care how crappy it is as a pinball table, I still want one.
Because I just love the whole fusion idea. It's got that rarity factor, you know? Whenever I see one of these machines, I can't pass up playing it.
So, thank you Dark Sakura for that great pick, Baby Pac-Man.
I'm awesome.
Alright, when we come back with more Orange Lounge Radio after a quick break, we're going to get into some rapid fire news, as well as the FUGL question of the week, your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
And some more news, including, we're going to talk about the Minecraft movie, and we'll also talk about an update on that Kickstarter for Red Ash and how things are going without Mighty No. 9 being out yet.
So, we'll check in on that when we come back after this quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio. Episode number 607 for this, July the 26th of 2015, already in progress.
If you missed the first half of the show, well, the good news is we have a podcast feed and you can go check it out a little later tonight when the show uploads.
And you can check out what you missed, including us talking about, oh, Street Fighter V beta, Rise of the Tomb Raider, Loki making jokes during the release date segment, and me talking about Reno Game Expo and Summer Games Done Quick and all that stuff.
It's been a very busy show so far. We've got plenty more to come, including your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll take those a little later on in the program. And we'll get through your emails, if we have any this week, because I'm not sure we had any, but we'll do a last-minute check here.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Let's do some rapid-fire news. Quickly, some other things that happened this week without too much discussion. Loki?
So, you're not going to have to wait too much longer if you want to get in on the Fallout Shelter action and you don't have a device that's made by Apple.
The Android version will be coming out in August on the 13th, and once again it will also be free. So, check it out then.
Also with that, there has been some new information about Fallout 4 coming from QuakeCon, which actually happened this week.
With that, they were able to see a presentation of Fallout 4, and there's going to be 12 companions in the game that can join you, and you can romance them, regardless of their gender.
And then with that, going back to what they were saying during the E3 presentation, where they were talking about how the robot butler will call you by your name.
They have a thousand names that are included as part of the voiceovers, both common real names and as well as names that Bethesda believes its players may even use in jest.
So, like, you know, Stupid Asshole is your name. The game may recognize Stupid Asshole and call you Stupid Asshole.
I'm down with that, so that's pretty awesome. Hopefully we'll see that in a few months.
And then Disney Interactive is trying to poll its players to see who you want to see next as the next Disney Infinity figure.
Now, Nintendo's kind of doing something similar with Smash Brothers, but right now you can vote. There's a link that you can follow on Disney.com's blog, and they have various characters that are up for voting for who you want to see as the next figure.
So let me read off real quickly who they have so far. In the lead, Darkwing Duck is number one in the lead, and I fully approve that.
In the running, Baloo, Alice from the live-action Alice in the Wonderland, Mad Hatter, Dory, Belle, Beast, Cinderella, Ariel, Goofy, Peter Pan, Captain Hook, Mabel, Hercules, Kim Possible, Wally, Wally would be awesome.
There's no fucking Tron in there, is there?
Well, they already have... I think they're already going to do Tron characters.
More than just... what did they have? They had Sam, Flynn, and Korra, right? But that was it. There's more characters in Tron. They could do actual Tron.
They usually do the villains as well, so maybe Tron and maybe... you know, like, was it the copy of... yeah.
Cruella de Vil, Ursula, Pocahontas, and Robin Hood. So, I'm hoping Darkwing Duck.
That's a pretty good one. I can't be mad at Darkwing Duck. I love Dory, though. There's a part of me that would like to see that one.
Dory would be awesome. I'm surprised.
I feel like they'll do Dory anyway when the movie comes out.
I want to see fucking gargoyles in there.
That would have been awesome.
Or can I get... if I want blue, can I get Tailspin Blue? Because that's way better than Jungle King... or Blue.
That's awesome. Alright, let me take over here and talk about Devil's Third, which is going to be actually, yes, Nintendo of America is bringing it to the US.
It will release on the Wii U eShop in the fourth quarter, this being confirmed by Nintendo of America and Valhalla Game Studios.
So, yeah, that's pretty cool. There's also going to be a PC version, but sadly, no cross-play between the two. It's just not really going to be possible.
I didn't know it was multiplayer.
It is multiplayer and free to start. So, there's no reason not to at least give it a try.
It can't be any worse than Tank Tank Tank as far as free-to-play things go, because, I mean, that was a fun game in the arcades.
Yeah, it's too bad. That's a game that was awesome.
I was not a fan, personally. Not a fan.
Speaking of Nintendo, a victory for them as they've won a patent case that was filed against the 3DS.
Nintendo won a patent case in federal court in Oakland. Judge Sondra Armstrong found that the Nintendo 3DS, the DSi, the DS, and the Game Boy Advance did not infringe on a patent
asserted on those products by Quintal Research Group. Quintal is a patent-assertion company.
You read between the lines what that really means, and hooray for another victory against those sorts of companies.
Also, in Nintendo World, there is a Splatoon update coming, revealed in a Japanese trailer for the game that showed some new maps,
some weapons like an ink-powered gatling gun, and a paint bucket. So, that's pretty cool.
Also, another new weapon, the Rainmaker. That will probably only be available in the Rainmaker mode of the game.
Also, Camp Triggerfish is viewable in this video with the Splatoon teaser, so nice to see the content is still being pumped over into Splatoon. That's pretty cool.
Dark Sakura!
Well, Stephen Colbert's done it again. Again. And again. Basically, he's got a text-based game that is out.
I'm actually trying to find the link to the game where you play as Stephen Colbert. And there is the link.
It is on ColbertLateShow.com, and you can go there to play it.
Next up, in SEGA news, SEGA is not going to be doing any more 3D classics, so at least they have no more plans for it right now.
They said they have no additional plans for it, but that they wanted to do more in the future. So, there goes that one.
There's a lot of fun stuff in that series. That's kind of too bad, but at the same time, they've done a lot of the big classics at this point.
They're having to dig deep into the vault at this point to do more.
And then, there's supposed to be something about Metal Gear Solid 2 Solid Snake, which was the MSX sequel to Metal Gear Solid 2 about it having an anniversary as of last Monday, but all I see is the Wikipedia.
I think that's just a shout-out for the game having its 25th anniversary. I think that's really all it is.
It's also far better than the excuse for a Metal Gear game we got in the US.
What was it, Snake's Revenge here?
Snake's Revenge.
Yeah, which was not, again, many of you out there probably already know this, but Snake's Revenge was not truly Metal Gear 2.
That was a cash-in because Metal Gear did so well here in the US, I think better than Konami or Ultra Games as they were publishing to get around the three-carts-a-rule year.
They had Snake's Revenge, they kind of hastily made that, because didn't that piss Kojima off?
Like, boy, the drama started early between those two, didn't it?
I think so.
But Metal Gear was originally an MSX game, and we didn't even get that system here in the States.
The MSX version's pretty nice.
Yeah, and there's some big differences with the NES version, because even the final boss, the final boss is an actual Metal Gear in the original MSX game, but because of NES limitations, it's like a supercomputer or whatever it is here.
And so, as a kid, you think that the supercomputer is Metal Gear, so I don't even know how that game makes any sense in retrospect.
Everyone owes it to themselves to find an MSX, or a means of playing said games.
It also gave us Gartic, even though Gartic wasn't very good. Gartic gave us Gartic Gaiden.
That's right.
The Guardian Legend. Hello!
Which is a very important game.
Very important.
But Guardian Legend was not on the MSX.
Gartic was.
Gartic was, of course.
Okay, let's go to our Facebook and our Google Plus pages for a segment we call The Fugal Question of the Week.
Every week we go to our Facebook and our Google Plus communities and ask a question, and we read some of our favorite answers here on the program.
We're going to start off with our Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, where the question this week is about TV, which we talked about in the first half of the show.
The Wii U's television social channel is being cancelled next month. Will you miss it? Did you ever use it or try it?
Do you think there's a place in gaming technology for such a social television experience?
Starting off on Facebook with Bryce H. who said, I used it twice, maybe.
It was a little confusing for me. Really, especially if you had a basic cable package. You end up not being able to use half the channels on there.
The one thing I did like is during a sporting event they had trivia and such that could socialize with other fans.
Other than that, I'm not going to miss it much. Maybe losing this will add something else. Hopefully.
Chad B. replied on Facebook and said simply, I'm pretty sure this is the first time I've heard of it.
Silent Tom replied saying to be honest, might have used it maybe a dozen times. I usually forget it was a service on the Wii U.
The remote control feature on the other hand, I use that bad boy all the time.
Our pal Critical Myth from the Critical Myth show says, I think the problem is exactly what many around here said from the start.
That there were and are too many existing ways to do most of what TV was supposed to do.
Jesus Z. replied on Facebook saying honestly, I've just about had it with social interaction invading every form of media ever.
It's become almost impossible to talk on Twitter or a public Facebook account without being called a racist, sexist, homo transphobe because you liked this or that game or movie.
Having people harass me while I'm watching TV, I pass.
Wasn't the Nintendo stuff moderated though? Because I think it's in line with Miiverse.
I don't think, like I don't recall any instances of like comments section gone wild.
And believe me, we've seen plenty of places on the internet where comments go wild.
And I don't know if that's because Nintendo moderated it or because nobody was using it.
And so maybe, maybe the internet filth was just staying away from it. I don't know. I don't know. Anyway.
Lastly over on Facebook, Veronica S. Oh, thank you. Act deaf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com confirming TV was moderated.
Veronica S. last but not least on Facebook saying I used it once just to try it out but found it inconvenient to use so I never used it.
The guide and the search features on the cable box were easier to use.
And over on Google Plus, I think we got just one answer there about TV.
I'm also looking at it in chat saying bonds006 says I don't know Rob, I saw a lot of crap in the DS chat rooms.
And yeah. Anyway, over on Google Plus at our Google Plus page, google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
We just have a couple of answers here. First, Redertainment says I don't own a Wii U.
The basic problem I have with social networking apps on any TV is the input interface.
Why should I sit on my couch and fight with a less than adequate on-screen keyboard when I can pull out my phone or tablet and have access to a keyboard I am significantly more comfortable with using?
And lastly, act deaf said it was never available in Mexico so I can't really comment on it.
But I do love having the gamepad be a substitute remote control for my TV.
You know, I've heard some people that really swear by that remote control. So good thing I guess that's not going away.
It does sure come in handy when you can't find the regular remote control for your television as long as you've configured everything accurately.
Alright, that does it for the Fugu question of the week. Thank you everybody for participating.
And you know, for me personally, I did use TV once or twice but for me, I think it was just the whole fact it was kind of clunky to get into.
Like, if it could come up as fast as TV does otherwise, I might have found more use for it.
Or maybe if there was a little more advertising or social media awareness like, hey, this event is happening.
Although most big television events happen on a Sunday night.
But maybe if they had actually said, you know, hey, while the finale of Survivor, I don't know, is going on, boot up TV, we're going to have a conversation or something, you know, with quizzes and trivia.
You know, I think that would have been a lot more fun thing to do.
But I guess, I don't know, I guess phone apps can do the same thing.
I don't know if there are phone apps that kind of do this. Are there phone apps out there that interact with television like that?
You would think there would be.
I don't know.
Maybe some folks in our chat room know. Live.vognetwork.com.
Are there phone apps that you can play along with like Wheel of Fortune or something like that?
Kind of like a second screen TV experience basically. Basically what TV was doing on the phone.
I don't know, but I thought, you know, that whole experience that we were supposed to getting with, what was that, the second screen stuff from Microsoft, this was to interact with Game of Thrones.
Did that ever fucking happen?
Not yet. I don't think so.
I don't know, but that would be so rad though if you could play along with Wheel of Fortune while it was on air and like have like leaderboards and stuff for how quick people are guessing the puzzle.
I mean, who doesn't do that? Watch Wheel of Fortune and yell out the answers to the puzzle when they figure it out.
I thought they have that like on certain shows. I don't know. I've seen shows. I think they have that actually.
Because I know, I thought I've watched Wheel of Fortune or Jeopardy or something like that and they show like a leaderboard or something like for people playing at home.
Let's see. Kaijuto in chat says, no social TV apps. We just love tweets.
Darktitsvia says, I think AMC has, I think it's called StorySync. I know Walking Dead supports it. I think Halt and Catch Fire does too.
Darktitsia says, some companies do apps like that to supplement their TV shows. Tigerclaw said, whatever happened to that second screen experience which was supposed to be a rear view mirror on a racing game?
Remember when Sony pitched that idea? That was, if memory serves me right, that was the PSP interacting with the PS3.
Yeah, that was the PSP interacting with Gran Turismo 5, I think.
Because I think that was one of the things they showed at that infamous press conference.
Yeah, because it was like, ooh, we could use a second screen. It's like, who gives a shit about using it as a rear view mirror when you have a rear view mirror in the game?
Well, it was kind of one of those things that it sounded like a good idea, but it's kind of really hard to glance at two screens at the same time.
Which might be part of the problem we use having. I don't know. I find when I play Mario Kart, it's really hard for me to glance down at the second screen that has the map.
Especially on like 250cc or 200cc or whatever it is. Alright, anyway. Let's move on with some more news. Loki.
Yeah, I was trying to see if they had a way to play with different... I think maybe Game Show Network does that. Maybe. I don't know.
Anyways, so there's a director. Apparently, we've got a new director for the Minecraft movie. None other than It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia's Rob McElhenny.
And I don't know about him directing, since he's only done apparently just a few episodes of the show.
I guess this independent movie that's coming, a TV movie called Pariah. But we also forget that his character Mac in the show did direct quite a few movies.
In fact, there's quite a few in the Project Badass series. And also sequels to Lethal Weapon. So I think he's fully capable of creating a Minecraft movie.
But he didn't direct Night Man, right?
He didn't, but you know.
Okay. Well, it's an interesting choice. I guess you can kind of tell that that probably means that Minecraft is going to be very light-hearted, kind of funny.
But it's got to be a kid-safe film. And It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is not always kid-safe.
I don't care. I would love a Minecraft movie that wasn't kid-safe.
I don't think that's going to happen. Minecraft is huge for kids. They're going to make it a kid's movie.
But it would be awesome if they could do what Animaniacs and Tiny Toons used to do back in the day.
It was definitely for kids, but there was humor that adults would get.
That would kind of go over the kids' heads?
Exactly. If you could master that art, that is a funny movie. You know what I mean? But we'll see. We'll see how that goes.
And please, can we get Dan? Hell, let's just get the whole cast of It's Always Sunny in the movie. I'm fine with them just all playing different roles.
I still want to know, how do you make a fucking movie out of Minecraft? How do you do it? Like, is it going to be blocky?
Yeah, it's going to be blocky, probably just like the Lego movie. But it'll be just, you know, like that. They'll make a story out of it.
I guess, all right, we'll see.
I don't know.
Kaijuto in chat says, this movie is so going to suck.
It won't suck. I mean, look at the Lego movie. The Lego movie is amazing.
That's exactly what Bonds 006 says. Look at the Lego movie.
And that's why I'm kind of disappointed, because originally, you know, it was supposed to be the guys that did the Lego movie doing the Minecraft movie.
I was like, damn, you know, that's going to be amazing.
I want to know why we don't have a Lego Minecraft game. Because, like, put it this way, I know that Lego has their own Minecraft thing, but it's fucking terrible.
I know, I thought you kind of read that to filth on a previous episode.
You know, it's like, I seriously, I play it, I'm like, this is going to be amazing. There's no way this is not going to be amazing.
It's Lego, but it's Minecraft. It's going to be amazing. It was garbage. It was so terrible.
Isn't it, like, still in development, though?
Yeah, Lego Worlds, but it's terrible. It's so goddamn terrible.
But, like, an actual Lego, I seriously, I went to Walgreens again today to get some medicine from a kid, because he's sick again.
And I keep passing by, and there's, like, this $20 Lego Minecraft set that's sitting there, and I'm like, I want to buy it. I want to buy it.
I want to buy it so bad.
I'm thinking about buying it. I may buy it, but I don't. One of these days, I'm going to buy it.
Kaishudo in chat wants to know, when are they going to make a Minecraft porn movie, Mind Shaft?
I'm surprised that hasn't already happened, honestly. What was that? It was floating around Facebook or Twitter.
One of those places this week was some type of porn that was a take on Jurassic World, but it was, like, an Asian gay porn film or something like that.
I don't know what it was, but it had people in dinosaur costumes.
Please tell me that there's a scene in there where they're just, like, holding their hands up.
Yes! That was the picture of the dude holding his hands up.
That's awesome.
With the guys, and who knows what he was going to do with those hands. But, you know, just, yeah, it was a take on that whole thing.
So, I don't know why.
How do you do that?
It could have been an Onion article, for all I know, because you know those will show up on your Facebook feed, and you're scrolling so fast, you think it's real.
Or ClickHole. That's my other favorite thing ever.
You're laughing over there, Dr. Sagra?
I'm snorting.
That website's hilarious.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah, it is.
Embreon in our chat room, who says this is his first time listening. Welcome.
Says, you can find it on the shelf next to Dragon Ass, Enquizinme, and Buttborn.
Oh, DarkSakra's looking at her brain. Look at that. Her eyes.
What? DarkSakra? I know you do this.
Did she not mention earlier that she was playing Dragon Quest Inquisition with some-
Dragon Quest? That would be a fun crossover.
Okay, Dragon Age- whatever. Dragon Age Inquisition with some mature mods on. I mean-
No, I was playing Dragon Age Origins with mature mods.
Oh, okay. I'm sorry.
Keep in mind, I've already played the game before, so I was trying out different mods.
That's- you know what? That's okay. That's what Alan does. He'll play through Skyrim, and then once he beats the game, he's like, alright, it's dong time. Gets all the mods, you know?
Pretty much.
Alright.
There's some very interesting ones. The funniest one is actually the one that changes all the underwear to being naked.
Because then you have this one scene where you're going into a dream, and like, all these really important people, it's this big serious time, but they're all naked.
With just, like, junk hanging out.
Now, DarkSakra, I know you follow some of the, like, the fanfic writing and all that stuff. Are you to tell me that nobody has tried to write Dragon Ass Enquizinme?
I'm sh- well, there's plenty that just aren't titled that.
But that definitely happened.
Yeah.
The dark parts of Tumblr. Alright. Anyhow.
Moving on. Not- god, I gotta- how am I supposed to follow that with this story? This is heavy.
Alright, so I apologize for this really awkward transition, but it's just how the stories fell this week.
But obviously the internet is still really reeling from, you know, what happened with Satoru Iwata's sudden passing.
And a lot of folks, though, you know, trying to look to Nintendo's future.
You know, Nintendo right now has interim folks leading it, but what's going to happen? Who's going to be the next person in charge?
And we were talking about this a little bit on last week's show, and Bobby, I know, was talking about this on his show as well.
And there's been a lot of buzz, and when I say buzz, I mean the Wall Street Journal actually reporting on the possibility that Miyamoto could actually be the one that leads Nintendo.
And I know that there's a lot of buzz around that, but some of us last week were saying, well, wait a minute, if Miyamoto has to do managing as a full-time job, Miyamoto's great at designing.
He's the one they call on to make games that are going to incorporate the Wii U's vision and all this, so it would be a little weird if he's taken away from that to manage the company.
Well, now some news going around this week, and analysts and folks are now looking at that the likely candidate that will lead Nintendo in the future is going to be Genyo Takeda.
Which, if you've been following, is the other person with Miyamoto that is currently leading Nintendo while they're all still reeling from this news.
And if you're unfamiliar with Takeda's work, you've probably played one of his games seeing as, you know, and this is one of the really cool things about the Nintendo executives.
You know, when we were talking about Iwata and the real impact he had on games, it wasn't just about the fact that he led the company, but the fact that, you know, he was in the trenches.
He was coding Balloon Fight. He was coding Earthbound. He was fixing Smash Brothers before the thing's releases.
He caused there to be more to Pokemon with the compression technology. I mean, dude knew what he was doing.
So, what's really cool is that if Takeda is who they choose to lead in the future, well, again, he's somebody who spent a lot of time working his way from the very bare levels of game design on the way up.
Because, of course, he was Punch Out. He was Star Tropics, which was a late NES game, but if you've never played Star Tropics, it's a great, like, kinda like a Zelda-ish follow-up.
I get that kind of vibe from it, but, I mean, that is a, that's a real classic that I think a lot of people missed, because it was really late in the NES.
Not as late as the sequel, because there was a Star Tropics 2, but anyway.
So, yeah, there you go. They're definitely looking at him, and it obviously makes a lot of sense.
They kinda don't think that they're going to bring somebody in from the outside to lead the company, that they tend to recruit from within, and they like these folks that have really grown up on the game design.
So, it makes a lot of sense.
So, well, good luck. Whoever they pick, hopefully will have a great vision for, you know, the NX, although I'm sure Iwata, his legacy will definitely be felt in whatever the NX is.
You know, it's a lot like Steve Jobs, and when, you know, and I was making a lot of those comparisons a couple weeks ago when the news came in about Iwata's passing,
but Steve Jobs, his impact was felt at Apple for years and years, and I think the first product to come out that Steve Jobs did not directly have a hand in was the watch, if I'm not mistaken.
I could be wrong on that, but I'm pretty sure this Apple Watch is like the first thing that Steve Jobs did not really directly evolve with, but you know, the upgrades of the phone that we've seen throughout the years and so forth,
you know, he had had a hand in all of that long before he passed.
So, I think the same is going to be true with Iwata and NX, and it'll be who can best execute that vision and maybe enhance it to make it very, very competitive. We will see.
Anyhow, moving on to another story, Dark Sakura.
Well, for folks who have been watching over Red Ash, you might have been aware that there was a stretch goal put out for doing a console port for the PS4.
Well, they reached their stretch goal. So, guess what? There's going to be a PS4 version, and I'm actually seeing if there's any other type of thing, because I know that they haven't quite hit their final goal for this.
Yeah, they've got seven days to go, and they're at $470,171 of $800,000. Seven days left. So, get on it if you want it.
So, they did make at least that first stretch goal.
They did.
Because there was some worry that they weren't going to make it. Just like last week, I think we were talking about it a little bit. So, it looks like the internet's kind of rallied around it, so it'll happen.
But it's just not going to be the runaway huge $40 billion stretch goal thing that Mighty No. 9 was.
Indeed.
Alright. Well, I think it'll be cool to see what they come up with with Red Ash. Best of luck to them. Maybe when Mighty No. 9 starts selling, maybe this money for Red Ash can really be the seed money.
And if Mighty No. 9 does very, very well in the post-Kickstarter sales, you know, once they fulfill all their commitments to people who've already bought it, if Mighty No. 9 does very well with these post-sales, maybe that money can be used to help fund and make Red Ash even a bigger thing.
That's how these things work, right?
Indeed it does.
Indeed. Alright, moving on. Loki.
So, you know, the 2015 EVO Championship Series just recently wrapped up. And with that, they had a record viewership for one of the matches for Ultra Street Fighter IV, the finals between Momochi and Gamerbee.
And it drew 250,000 viewers. That's just ridiculous. So maybe with that, you know, they will take esports a little bit more seriously. Because that's pretty good viewership.
I don't have the numbers in front of me, but isn't that more people than watch the Heroes of the Storm thing on ESPN?
I don't know.
Because I think it was only like 120,000 or something on ESPN. I could be wrong. I don't have the numbers in front of me.
I mean, just think about it. Different events are drawing more and more people. I mean, it's presumably millions.
Oh, yeah. Well, and especially, you know, that Street Fighter IV, you know, I didn't watch it live, but I saw some of the talk on Twitter.
And, you know, there were GIFs and there were Vines and there was, you know, eventually links to YouTubes about some of the different things that had happened with that.
And even, you know, now they're even talking about it in the chat room. Rama's saying, I can't believe that EVO was on ESPN. Bob Coffey says, those finals, them feels.
So, yeah. And I even remember seeing a moment, I don't think it was during the Street Fighter, but it was the, I think it was Marvel vs. Capcom 3, where the guy executed a move and he thought he won and he jumped up and he was like celebrating.
No, it was Blaze Blue, I think.
Oh, was it? Okay.
Is Blaze Blue or Guilty Gear or something like that?
Yeah. Oh my gosh. That's just got to be like, you know, on one hand, you got to kind of go like, ha ha, that's what you get.
But at the same time, it's like when the adrenaline takes over, sometimes you're just not in control of some of those types of reactions.
You almost have to feel bad for the guy a little bit that he, he kind of like, I don't want to say made an ass out of himself, but he's got to not be feeling too hot.
Well, make that mistake again.
It's devastating. Huh?
He said, I won't make that mistake again.
Well, probably a lot of people will be mindful of that in the future. They don't want to become a gift for that reason.
Remember, beat the dead corpse into the ground. That's the only way you'll know that you've won.
Bobby Blackwolf making a funny observation in chat saying, well, Colin Coward did say he'd quit ESPN if he had to cover esports.
He has quit. Then they fired him. And now he's going to Fox Sports.
Apparently they're saying that, you know, there's a little note here that says that League of Legends finals drew 27 million viewers last year.
Wow.
So it's not the biggest, but I mean, it is a smaller community, so I don't know.
Wow. Well, I'm sure also when you get into things like League of Legends, probably has more international appeal because, you know, those games do not underestimate how huge those games are in Asia.
I mean, not even just China, but like just Asian regions. It's huge. Thank you. It's huge.
Kaijuto says Splatoon is next, baby. One billion viewers. We'll see.
Maybe EVO 2016? I don't know if Splatoon would fit in with that, but you never know.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Challenge Radio at VoGnetwork.com, use the passphrase CREDIT.
Hey, we got an update on the Xbox One and the dashboard is going to be reinvented. The dashboard getting a major revision this holiday season.
And you can actually see a little preview is out now on the Internet, thanks to Major Nelson.
And I, for one, as an Xbox One owner am happy to see this because the original dashboard was very much designed with Kinect in mind.
And ever since they unbundled Kinect from the Xbox One, those of us that don't have Kinect yet are kind of like, it does feel weird.
It feels a little weird the way it works. So I'm kind of glad to hear they're going back and reinventing it a little bit.
But that, I mean, with the 360, they completely change, I mean, they completely change the 360 a couple years into it as well.
So it's not like you have to go, oh, the Xbox One is failing or floundering, that's why they're doing it.
Sometimes you just kind of reinvent things to fit, you know, whatever future vision you have.
And they definitely did that on the 360. Who knows? Maybe the PlayStation will do something similar in the future.
I kind of doubt it because that crossbar thing really works for them, but you never know. You never know.
Anyhow, also being added in this update, Cortana, who is the Windows 10, of course, voice-based assistant.
Don't call her Siri because she's kind of Siri. But anyway, you can use Cortana and actually use her in some of the games and ask questions.
So that's kind of neat. So we'll see what happens. Also, supposedly faster performance. Menus will be more vertical instead of horizontal.
So we'll see. Avatars also making a comeback, and Modernized. So we will see when the dashboard is unveiled in the coming months before the holidays.
And I'm assuming that update will also be the big backwards compatibility update. That's an assumption.
I don't know if that'll be two separate things, but I don't see why we wouldn't get that out around the same time.
Alright, let's go to our mailbag. Every week, I think you guys send us emails. Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
DarkSakura dives into the mailbag head first and pulls out whatever emails you might find. Did we get anything this week?
Nope.
No?
Nope.
You guys let me down. No emails. Not a one.
No emails.
Let's make one up.
Dear DarkSakura, I think that you should do a solo career and... No. Not happening.
Buy Rob off with cheesecake.
Alright.
You know what?
Fair enough. It's the show where every gamer has a voice, but you have to use it.
One of our episodes would be like, listen to us eat.
Isn't that every week in the opening minutes of the show?
I didn't eat anything.
Loki! Loki always brings food to the show with him.
Yeah, I bring dinner.
There he is.
Alright.
It's a sandwich.
Moving on, let's get to the FUs of the week. An appropriate time to transition.
When we don't get emails, then we will fill time with our FUs of the week. Why?
Because we mad.
FU to stuff.
Nothing in particular. Just...
Yeah.
General things.
Alright.
A very vague FU. That's alright. Sometimes they have to be.
Loki.
I guess an FU to stuff taking a lager in my game. I wanted to.
For me, an FU to the fact that I don't have cheesecake right now.
And a FU to the fact that...
You can fix that.
Yeah, that's true.
A FU to the fact that I have to get up really early tomorrow because I literally have to be two places at once at work tomorrow.
Which, you know, I love my job, not complaining, but sometimes it's very, very, very draining.
So I have to be up very early tomorrow.
It's a paycheck.
Because lord knows this show isn't paying the bills.
Alright. Anyhow. Let's move on. We've got a couple more stories for you guys.
And then we're going to open up the Skype line for you guys to call and participate.
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype. All one word, but we encourage.
Please test your connection at Echo 1-2-3 first.
But with all them smart phones and Skype apps and so forth, it's so easy to call us on Skype at Orange Lounge Radio.
But you can also use the old school phone number 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll be taking those calls in just a minute. But first, Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of, I don't know, I'm surprised that they did this.
But apparently now there's going to be a patch being done or an update to the WWE 2K15 store that's removing the Hulk Hogan DLC.
Which I understand because of the whole drama and everything and WWE kind of firing him that, you know, obviously there's a little bit of a fallout there.
But along with that though, not only is he being removed from the store, he's being removed from the WWE 2K16.
And if you have purchased the DLC to add him to the game, that is being removed from the store.
So if you did buy it, you can no longer download it.
So they are PTing it?
They are PTing it, yeah.
Wow.
Let's see here, I just want to make sure that's correct here.
That's what some folks in chat were saying just a minute ago during the break.
So I guess this is all developing as our show is going on tonight.
But I think that news about the fact that you can't even re-download it I think just came out.
Yeah, I don't think, I've been hearing a little bit conflicting stuff.
But basically it is being removed from the store if they're PTing it or not.
We're going to use that from now on.
Then that kind of sucks because especially if you paid money for that, then you can't download it again.
But it's not too surprising, I mean they made him disappear from the website like that.
It probably has to do with, I mean without delving into the controversy because I don't even want to go there.
But it's sometimes interesting to see the effects that these sorts of controversies can have on these types of legal arrangements.
And I wonder if because the WWE terminated their contract with Hulk Hogan.
They probably don't have the rights to license it anymore.
Exactly, the likeness rights go away and so they have to pull all that shit immediately.
Because technically if it were to stay up, Hulk Hogan could sue.
So that's probably why they have to do it.
Yeah, that's too bad.
Just interesting, very interesting.
Some folks in chat saying refund their money.
Bonds006 says, do buyers get their money back?
How dare me mention a refund?
But it's a fair question to ask in this digital goods day and age.
You know, like why can't I get a refund if I'm no longer going to be able to use this?
Well I guess you could technically use it in the game, but you just have to be sure you never delete it.
Well yeah, you better hope that your system doesn't crash or anything or you need to redownload everything because then you're hosed.
I really think they should have kept it up anyways, like at least have that up on the server.
Like they've done that with games that have been discontinued because of licensing issues, but now they're just kind of wiping them off the servers altogether.
I think it's a little much.
Yeah, but again the legal part of it, who knows.
Yeah, but you're not necessarily, it's not that you're reselling it, you're just allowing people to redownload something they've already purchased.
I mean I don't think that's a bad thing. That's just good customer service.
Alright, let's see, Xanos, I hope I'm saying that right in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
It's like Rockstar updating Grand Theft Auto San Andreas to remove some songs last year after the license was up.
Let's see, I think they did that through a patch. That's kind of fucked up because you own the game.
Right?
You purchased with those songs on it.
So if you just unplugged the internet though, it could never, it will never, or uninstall, can't you delete patch data?
You could, but it was for like, you know, San Andreas and you probably don't need the latest version of San Andreas.
I mean you could just revert back to whatever it was prior to that or, I mean, shit, it's just stupid.
It's stupid, like if you want to do that, you know, all going forward then you can do that, but just don't like affect the games that are already out there.
Like I remember LittleBigPlanet did that, remember they had a game that offended, the music offended somebody.
Oh yeah, it was reciting the Quran, I think, or something in one of the songs.
This song was so great.
Yeah, so.
I wonder if, I still have my copy of that too, that version of LittleBigPlanet.
Yeah, you just delete patch data.
Because I managed to get my copy before it came out.
And then lastly, Rama clarifying about the Hulk Hogan thing.
Hogan himself owns the rights to his trademark and whatnot, it was under license to WWE.
So, this is definitely for the legal end of things, I'm sure.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys before we get to the free-for-all that is the Skype line.
And actually, I don't know why I'm doing this last, because this could actually end up being some pretty huge news for the future of gaming.
I guess we'll see what develops with this, but the Wall Street Journal is reporting,
China will be ending their ban on video game consoles.
This is going to make way for companies like Sony and Microsoft to expand in China.
Now, when I originally read this, I thought I read something about the Xbox One launching in China.
Like, I thought there was a big to-do, but then I also thought, like, didn't it get pushed back?
I don't know. So, I kind of feel like maybe it was extremely restricted and now those restrictions are easing.
These rules are going to apply to foreign and domestic console makers, allowing them to manufacture and sell anywhere in the country.
Previously, foreign console could only operate in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone.
Oh, maybe that's what it is. Maybe the Xbox One was only out in that particular region.
And of course, that means when you're only in one particular area, it makes it hard to really sell, you know, all across China.
So, Sony commenting on this, this is great news for us.
And they added, the company remains committed to the console business in China.
There was no comment from Nintendo or Microsoft in the Wall Street Journal article, probably because they couldn't be immediately reached.
Just so you know, gaming companies have been restricted since the year 2000,
when Chinese regulators enacted a console ban to prevent what they said were potential adverse effects on China's youth.
What was the, like, I'm curious to see what the market was prior to 2000 then, if, like, they were a pretty large market for them.
Well, and it's not like they don't have games at all, because I know World of Warcraft is out in China.
It runs under a different administrator, and I think they're an expansion behind, and they had to do things like, the undead are not the undead.
They're forsaken, and they don't have the skin falling off, because that's considered against society in China.
It's a social faux pas to have that type of stuff in China, so that's not there.
You know, so there's those types of localization things.
I thought, I remember hearing Final Fantasy XIV was coming out in China as well.
But again, these are all PC-based things.
You know, yes, XIV is on the PlayStation 4, but it's also a big PC game.
World of Warcraft's on PC, League of Legends is on PC.
So this would be huge for China to get these consoles.
What's been happening since 2000? Do you remember the V?
That was the Chinese console that was like, well, it's not a Nintendo Wii, wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
But it's the Chinese bootleg Wii, essentially, with very, very similar types of games.
So it's going to be interesting.
You know, China is not a small place.
It's actually much more populated than the U.S.
So, I mean, the sales potential over there could be huge.
So it's going to be very interesting.
I mean, if it really, truly becomes like a free-for-all, like Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo can sell their stuff anywhere they want in China,
I mean, this could be huge.
You know, if something like Wii U considered tepid in the States and, you know, overseas, just, you know,
I know some of you might argue me on that fact, but just hear me out for a minute.
What if the Wii U were to do phenomenally well in China?
It would be a game changer. You know what I mean?
Like, if a console does extremely well in China, but maybe not as well in the U.S. or even Japan, it wouldn't really matter,
because it would still be making all that money in China.
Well, good. I'm glad they don't need to innovate any further.
Well, we'll see. I mean, I have no idea what's going to happen.
I have a feeling like it's going to probably really impact even probably more so the next wave of consoles,
but we'll see how these systems are received in China.
And I wonder how much the games are going to be scrutinized.
One thing is for the console to come out, but you would imagine that the games are going to have to go through some intense localization procedures,
not just for language purposes, but again, like I was just talking about how World of Warcraft had to be really changed to prevent offending Chinese people.
You know, there's probably a lot of games that have things in it that might have to be reexamined or changed.
So, it'll just be interesting. See what happens with all that.
So there you go.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says you can bet the censors are going to be all over the games.
They are just as with other media such as movies.
I'm sure that will be a thing, so it'll be interesting to see like who's going to play along and who's not.
But that's a lot of people to open up the business to.
All right, let's go to the phone lines. It's your turn.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, so give us yours right now.
You can call us at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call.
Some further comments in our chat room.
Bonds006 saying, so all three companies have to make a big push on China.
It's a huge market, and I don't see how Nintendo, Microsoft, and Sony can ignore the China market.
I don't think they'll be ignoring it, but then again, who knows?
Microsoft gets away with ignoring Japan, so anything is possible.
Anyhow, let's get to the phone lines. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Rama.
Hey Rama, how you doing?
I'm pretty good. I'm actually enjoying my late, late dinner.
That is a very late dinner, because you're three hours ahead. That's almost midnight.
Yeah, what can I say? I'm a night owl.
That's all right. I hear you. Yeah, like, I have sent you messages.
Like, don't you get up at like 5 a.m., and I've sent you messages at like 11 o'clock over here, which is like 2 a.m. over there, and you'll respond like, okay.
Yeah, because my old job, I used to get up at like 6.30, so I was in bed by 1.30, so usually when you send me the message, I'd probably be at work and I'll respond with, got it.
Now with this new job, because of the time difference, I'm usually at my computer checking Facebook real quick for a hop in the shower, start the day, so I'm able to get the message.
Wow, that's amazing. I'm usually up late too, unless I have like busy stuff.
Like, tonight I've got to be in bed by midnight, because I have to be up at like 6 a.m. tomorrow for work, no joke. There's just so much going on, but anyway.
We're not here to talk about sleep schedules, unless Nintendo is going to be putting out that patented thing sooner rather than later. What did you call in to talk about tonight?
Pixels.
Oh, the movie.
Yes.
Yeah, how, did you go see it?
Yes, I did.
Good, because, you know, I know a lot of us are making decisions based on the trailer and all that, and I'm kind of looking at it very side-eyed.
I get out to the movies so rarely, Rama. I still haven't seen Jurassic World. I never saw the Avengers sequel. I haven't seen Ant-Man. Like, the last movie I saw was like, I think, no, Interstellar was the last movie I saw. I just never get out to the movies.
Ant-Man was really good.
Yeah, I know. I need to see all this stuff, so we'll see. But anyway, so how did you like Pixels? I want to hear it from a listener themselves. How did you like Pixels?
Before I get into it, I would like to say, Rob, I see maybe four movies a year, if that.
Wow.
And I saw Avengers in theaters. Maybe because it's me. I could have waited for home video for that.
Hmm.
But that's just me.
That's a pretty strong statement. But what about Pixels?
I thought it was great.
Really?
A lot of people are hating on the movie because it's Adam Sandler. He is a lot more toned down in this film than his last few titles he's put out. We're talking toned down, like Mr. Deeds toned down.
Hmm.
And as I said on my Facebook, Pixels was not meant for the Xbox generation. And by the Xbox generation, I'm talking about the kids who would rather sit in front of the computer, in front of the consoles, playing Halo, and cursing each other out, as opposed to what we did when we were done with homework or after school, go to the arcade and play games with each other.
This movie was designed for older people, like over 30. That's what this movie is for.
You know a lot of critics are really skating this. And even the chat room, there's a lot of surprise in the chat, like either they're saying, I don't believe them, or I'm genuinely surprised to hear that somebody liked it.
Yeah. Now, as for the whole Xbox generation, there are some in that generation who understand the classic arcade games, who still go to the arcades and so forth.
But, I mean, this is what it seems, this is how it looks to me, and there were a couple of inconsistencies in the film, but I'll let that slide for the time being.
Let me ask, Kaijuto says, ask him if he was sober when he saw the movie.
Kaijuto, I was sober and I also saw it in 3D.
Wow, okay. You have to admit that was a funny question. Let me ask this question though, because this was my big concern with Pixels, genuinely.
Especially classic arcade games are sacred to me. I have a deep respect for classic games. I love to listen to game makers from the 80s and 90s just talk about the crazy shit that went on when making those games.
I have a huge respect for that culture, and my concern is that Adam Sandler's sense of humor tends to be dick fart butt jokes, which there's a time and a place for that, that's fine.
I did Hoard House for years and years for God's sake, but I was worried that it was going to show a lack of respect for the culture and diminish it into poopy jokes.
Oh no, no, believe it or not, they are very little poop fart dick jokes from Adam Sandler. He is more or less an adult. He is one of us. He grew up playing these games. He knows the gaming patterns and so forth. He's actually one of us and actually being good about it.
Alright, well, you know what, Rama? I have no reason to distrust your opinion. I know you and you're a stand-up guy and definitely not on their payroll, so if you say that, I have to weigh that considerably. I think personally I'll still kind of wait for Blu-ray.
Well, you can do that, but I'm just saying personally, to me, this was worth seeing in the theaters. I thoroughly enjoyed it. And as one person said, it's like this, Wreck-It Ralph was for the kids and family. Pixels is for the older generation and the family. It's like that, like the Venn diagram of sorts.
Interesting. Now, folks in chat juiced in our chat room saying, technically they're voxels.
Close enough, but not to truly spoil the movie, I'll say this much, I do want a Qbert sidekick.
Alright, fair enough, fair enough.
Well, when you see the movie, you'll understand.
I'm glad that they're bringing Qbert back, because he kind of disappeared for a while and that Steam, Playstation 4, Qbert game is a fucking mess. I'm sorry, that's like the worst game I've played in the past year, easily, is that horrible excuse of a Qbert reboot game. So, I hope that maybe...
Well, if you thought that Qbert was bad, there's something out there on TV that's much, much worse.
On TV?
Yes, you know there was a game called Pac-Man, the Ghostly Adventures?
Yeah.
There's an animated TV show.
Okay, no, no, no, hold on, hold on. I would have been in agreement with you on that. My son, however, I did show it to him, and it actually wasn't that bad. It was actually pretty good. Which I was surprised, because the game looks like shit, and I just thought, oh, we're just trying to cash in on Sonic and stuff. But it wasn't actually that bad. So, I can't give you that.
The game's okay.
Alright, that's fine, that's fine. I'll wait for you to jump in and come after me for saying that Pixels was good. I was waiting for that.
Well, I mean, it's interesting when it comes to movies.
And some people are setting their standards too high. It's Adam Sandler, you have to set your standards to Adam Sandler. If you go to see Billy Madison in Happy Gilmore Works of Art, it's just like, you know, it's an Adam Sandler movie. You go see it because of that. I'm sad that a lot of his movies aren't like Billy Madison or Happy Gilmore.
But, you know, I guess as we get older, you know, the tastes change, because, you know, that last movie we did with Jack and Jill was god-awful.
Yes, but that's Norbert Betts, so I mean, whatever.
And I'm not, you know, everybody's entitled to their opinion, and, you know, admittedly I'm making a judgment based on the trailer, which maybe I shouldn't do.
And we have this stuff with games all the time. Like, isn't there a game that you love that everybody else hates, and everybody's like, why do you play that shit?
But it's like, I like it, okay? Shut up.
Yeah, it's called Duke Nukem Forever.
Oh, shots fired.
No, I like that game. I bought that. That was a day one purchase for me.
See? That game is terrible, I'm sorry.
I love Duke Nukem. I wanted to love Duke Nukem Forever, but it was so broken and bad that, like, it's not that, like, it's not that it was-
Here's the fight y'all wanted.
No, no, I'm just saying, it's not that it's, like, it's a bad Duke Nukem game, it's just it was literally broken. Like, I couldn't play the game because it was broken.
That's why it was a bad game. Not because they were trying to be funny and they weren't funny.
You know, bonds006 has a great point in chat saying, I can take a shot at Adam, meaning Adam Sandler, but Uwe Boll will never get one second of my life watching anything he makes.
It could always get worse.
What?
You can't get a shot on that, testify.
Exactly. Pixels, at least it wasn't Uwe Boll.
Alright, Ram, on that note, I'm gonna let you go.
Alright, thanks a lot, man.
Thanks for the call.
You got it.
Bye.
I have been very tempted to watch Grandma's Boy because I haven't seen it yet, and they do it on Netflix now.
That's right, this is not Sandler's first game-related movie, huh?
Grandma's Boy apparently was pretty good.
187-
From their depiction of gamers, I guess.
1877 Game O.L.R. or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Tigerclaw pointing out that the movie's directed by Chris Columbus, who's done, you know, a lot of big Hollywood movies.
Like Mrs. Doubtfire was a Chris Columbus movie, right?
And the original Harry Potter, the very first one, I think.
If my Hollywood trivia is correct.
1877 Game O.L.R.
And I'm giving props to Grandma's Boy because they had DDR in it.
So, it gets props.
At least there's that. All right, we got a call coming in, let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Ragingator.
Hey, Ragingator, buddy, what's on your mind tonight?
Not a whole lot.
I have to agree with looking at one point where you said that Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore are not works of art.
Yeah, they're probably like the whole opposite of that. They're probably like works of art.
Or diary or whatever.
It reminds me of the scene of Billy Madison. I don't remember the entire line, but it's like, we are all now stupider for having listened to that entire monologue of yours.
It's kind of like his movies, you know, it's like we are all now dumber for having watched them.
Honestly, the scene in Happy Madison where Adams, what? No, no, but I'm talking about a different movie. Oh, sorry, Happy Gilmore.
The scene in Happy Gilmore where Adam Sandler punches Bob Barker in the face and says the price is wrong, bitch. Like, that's gonna go down in cinematic history.
It is.
You know, that's just one of those scenes you're never gonna forget as long as she lived, for better or for worse. So, I don't know.
But then you look at shit like Jack and Jill and you're like, oh god, remember when he was in his prime? Remember when he wrote good albums? So, anyway.
I'm more serious though, the main reason I was calling. As you, the three of you know all too well, I'm a bit of a steam fanboy. No surprise there.
Just a slight bit.
Yeah, but I would like to just bet you a little bit about Steam. It's not so much Steam itself, it's just that some of the companies selling their games I'm seeing more so.
We're talking about companies like Capcom and Konami and so on and so forth. While, sure enough, we got companies like Sega and whatnot, and to some degree Capcom, putting the classic games out on Steam, like the old Sega Genesis games, and a handful of games out on Steam.
Like the old Sega Genesis games, and a handful of the Dreamcast games, and of course we also got games like Ikaruga and whatnot on Steam. Even some of the Metal Slug games on Steam.
Sure, there's a lot of nostalgia on Steam, sure.
Yeah, why the holy cow can't we get the Gally Legends on Steam? Why can't we get some of the old economic classics on Steam? Like Contra and so on and so forth.
Or even Russian Cact on Steam. Why can't we get Fatal Fury on Steam, or even better yet, the Samurai Showdown series on Steam?
So you're talking about like, so if I'm understanding right, it's not that you take issue with the nostalgia that's on Steam now, you're just wondering why isn't there more of it? Like Sega puts these games out, why can't we get more?
You know, I think some of it is a tricky licensing thing. I think when you bring up a game like the Guardian Legend, we were trying to sit here and put our heads together, like who actually owns the right to the Guardian Legend right now? Do we ever even figure it out?
No, because I think at some point, I don't even know, like Broderbund published it here in the States, and then Broderbund was acquired at some point I think by like THQ, and lord knows where it went in that right shovel, so I don't know.
Anyway, I'm sure somebody out there has the correct answer, and I'm not thinking of it right now. But some of the rights to those things are so tricky, and I think we even heard a couple weeks ago on the show about, or maybe, oh I think this was a conversation I was having with somebody,
where I think it was Sony and Qbert, like Sony didn't even realize they had the rights to Qbert, like because sometimes when companies acquire other companies, like maybe they don't even know that they have, you know, these particular things.
As far as like Contra, if memory serves me right, Konami had a few of these retro collections that actually were on PC, because I think GameTap had them.
I want to say Contra was on GameTap, as was Castlevania, and some of those Konami games were actually there, those PC versions.
So why they haven't released those on Steam is anybody's guess. It could just be that they feel like it's not worth the effort to put all the description and the art and pay whatever fees to Steam for the distribution or whatever, maybe they just feel like it's not worth it.
I don't know. As far as Nintendo classics go, Nintendo's not going to put their stuff anywhere besides Nintendo products, that's how they're going to get you to buy them. So Nintendo stuff is never going to come out on PC. Well, and then again, I was going to say something about mobile phones a couple years ago, so who knows, never say never.
Yeah, I realize that Nintendo will never have their stuff on Steam, that's pretty much a given. But my feeling is, as far as all the third-party companies go, it shouldn't be too hard. Sure, there will be a cost involved, like you said, paying fees and all that.
But the thing is, at the same time, there's a lot of people out here, like me, they have love for these old arcade games and whatnot, and you guys know me, I'm a total Steam whore. I buy shit on their left and right, unless, hell, that doesn't sound like a bragging or anything like that.
Last time I checked, I had over 700 games on Steam, and I've only been on Steam for two and a half years, so come on, companies, give me a chance to buy your stuff and I will buy it up in a heartbeat. I'm sure there's a lot of other people that would love to buy your classic stuff.
There's a lot of what you're talking about right here, like it was a lot of nostalgia classics, Konami was involved, because a lot of Konami's games were on there, I think Sunset Riders was the big last release the gamer had before it, pardon the pun, rode off into the sunset.
There was a lot of Konami releases on there, especially their early stuff was there, and then for whatever reason, Microsoft pulled the plug on that shit after nine months. I still don't forgive them for it, and I'm cautious with new Microsoft shit because of it, but you have to kind of wonder, maybe it just wasn't making the kind of money they were hoping for to make it worth it.
If it was rolling in dollars, they clearly wouldn't have cancelled it, so I have nothing to assume, but it just wasn't making the type of money they needed it to make. But it's so weird that Retro takes that much to pour it over, but I guess there is more to it than we realize.
For what it's worth, at least in regards to Game Room, I was buying content for that, way up to the lowest hour on there where you just couldn't buy content for that anymore, where they took down all the servers and whatnot.
And I wouldn't say I got everything that was available for it, but at least I do get good sizable amounts, and every now and then I do fire it up just for shits and giggles.
Right now, my primary platform is Steam. I don't like really touching games where the wind's alive all that much, naturally, but still, with that being said, Game Room is fun. I'm sorry to see that go.
Yeah, me too. Maybe it'll come back someday, who knows. We'll just have to give it time for Retro to be cool again. Anyway, Ragenator, I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls, but thanks for your call. I appreciate it.
Sure. Have a good one.
You don't like teenagers who don't know how to behave in public.
When everybody was still in school. That's what I did. I don't know, my honest-to-god answer, I don't watch a lot of TV either. If it's not like RuPaul's Drag Race, or stuff on Netflix, I watch a lot of the Netflix stuff, like Sense8 was the last thing I watched start to finish that I just loved.
So if it's not one of those things, I play a lot of games. I play MMOs. That's the stuff that ends up filling my time. That's just how I choose to do my entertainment. And I realize a lot of you do both, and just probably wonder why I don't make time for both, but I don't know if I have an easy answer for that.
You know, it's kind of like, well, I could get out to movies on a weeknight, but Alan works most weeknights, and then when it comes to the weekend, it's like, well, we have other stuff we do on the weekend, so maybe part of that's a scheduling thing. I don't know.
But, funny enough, it's funny this whole conversation is happening because Shane and I are talking about going to the movies tomorrow, just randomly. We were talking about like, oh, let's go to the movies tomorrow. We're trying to figure out what we're gonna see still.
I will pretty much see anything, because I haven't seen anything, but I wanted to see Jurassic World, because I still haven't seen that, and the Pixar movie Inside Out. I still really want to see that.
Inside Out was really cute, but I want to see Jurassic World 2.
And then I said I would see the Amy Schumer comedy, because I think she's really funny. What is it, Trainwreck or whatever? So, I don't know. We're trying to figure out what it is we're going to see.
And I'm sure many of you are like, go see Pixels, but I'm like, I've got like two months of movies to catch up on, so there's literally like ten things on the list.
Anyway.
S2100Matt says, Rob, seriously, go to the Alamo Drafthouse. It will change how you see movies. I have heard a lot of great things about them, and I would love to go see a movie there.
They don't have them where I live, except I guess San Francisco is opening one.
No. They do.
They do?
There's one in Rockland. It's not an Alamo Drafthouse. It's a new Drafthouse type place, so.
Do they have the harsh rules that the Alamo Drafthouse has? Because the Alamo Drafthouse has like that whole list of rules, like basically if you act like an asshole or if you text during the movie, we're kicking you out type of thing.
I don't know about that, but they have food.
Yeah, I've heard about that place in Rockland, The Grill or whatever.
I drove by it the other day. I haven't really seen a movie there yet.
But apparently we are getting an Alamo in San Francisco, if it hasn't already opened.
But, you know, driving to San Francisco is still like a good two-hour drive one way, and that's if I don't run into traffic.
I'm a little afraid, because that's Dark Soccer Night's plan next Sunday when the show would usually be live, would be to San Francisco.
And I'm a little afraid about that traffic, and especially parking. Oh my God.
Lift.
Parking? Yeah, no kidding. That's true.
That's how we got around during GamerX, is we would just park way in the middle of nowhere in San Francisco and then just take a lift where we needed to go.
Totally.
Kind of sad, but it works.
Alright, one last call for calls. This is the last call for calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word.
I'm getting some mini reviews in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Justin says you can skip Jurassic World. Definitely see Inside Out.
AkumaJP says Sky wants to call your parents for being teenagers. I don't care if somebody's a teenager, although this show might be a little bit two-hour rated, but I don't know.
If you're like 16 or 17, whatever, it's not like you don't hear the same stuff at high school.
Dungeonbuster says see Mad Max if you haven't yet. Yeah, that was on my list.
I really want to see that.
I don't think it's in theaters near here anymore. Maybe out in Roseville where they have so many screens.
I think it's still playing at the Palladium.
Is it?
I think I could find out.
Yeah, because I would still see Mad Max because I didn't see that.
And that, you know, which is funny, because again, and we talked about this on the show previously.
I had no interest in Mad Max because I still, like, I can't break that.
It's a sunrise.
I can't break that mental block with Mel Gibson.
Oh, sunrise is the discount theaters. Hell yeah.
You gonna go?
Maybe. Maybe. We'll have to see.
I keep forgetting about the discount theaters because you want to talk about a loud time at the movies.
I will never forget the time I saw The Matrix at the Dollar Theaters.
That was like going to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
I don't mind loud movies when it's cult movies.
When it's supposed to be like that.
I just don't like it with new movies.
It's a total double standard. I admit it.
Alright.
Phones are not going off, so I'm going to shut them down.
If you were just shy and you want to say something to us a little later, remember you can always email us.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrady.com or you can always tweet us as well.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I didn't check in with Loki. You have to see if there's any last minute stories.
We want to squeeze in before we're done with the show tonight.
Don't think I had anything other than there was someone that actually had reached out to one of the developers at Valve for Half-Life 3 and basically saying the rumor is that it's not in full development.
Shocker! It's not in full development and coming out tomorrow?
Well then what's Valve doing right now? They're not really talking about whatever it is they're working on.
I don't know.
I mean, besides maybe Dota, but I don't think that's what everybody in the company is dedicated to, so I guess there's secrets.
There's secrets.
I think by the time it comes out, no one's going to care anymore.
I wouldn't go that far.
Don't Duke Nukem Forever it.
Please don't.
Alright, well if that is it from Loki, then I think it's time to wrap up the show.
And hey, we want to thank you guys for tuning into our show tonight and listening to the whole thing.
Whether you were here live or on the podcast feed, we appreciate you being here.
Thank you so much for participating with the show.
And if you like what you heard, please help spread the word.
You know, we don't have a gigantic website.
Oh wait, I did want to mention one thing. I'm sorry.
Right in the middle of my spiel, Loki.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
There is a spot on a, there's a website called PSPminis.com.
They have a forum there.
And with that, they have links to different games that are part of PlayStation Mobile
that you can still click on those links and purchase those games even though they've shut it down.
So if you're missing out and haven't gotten a chance to pick up some of the games, you can do that.
And that's only some of the games on there.
They have a list.
You can do a search on there or check out NeoGaf.
They've got a list of the different...
Did somebody dig up Pixel Poops?
I was just trying to check to see if that's on there.
Because if I can find that, then...
Let's just do control search here.
Pixel...
Somebody find the poop.
Somebody find Pixel Poops.
Alright.
Yeah, I didn't see it.
So even though they've delisted it, they haven't really erased all traces.
It's basically, they give you the...
Maybe Aaron can help out with this.
Because if you know, if you have the developer's ID number.
So they give you a URL.
It's this long URL, then the developer's ID, the game ID, and then some other numbers on there.
So YYR, if you know your developer ID and game ID, you can let us know.
And then we can post a direct link where you can still purchase that information.
So you do that by...
Let's see.
If you click the links on your Vita.
So if you go on your Vita to the web browser and click on those links, it'll take you directly to the store to purchase them.
Alright, nice little interesting back door into the store for now.
But who knows how long it's gonna work.
Because they could go in there Monday morning and hit the big red button that deletes everything.
Exactly.
Who knows.
Alright, anyhow.
As I was saying before, I was so rudely interrupted.
But at least it was a story that...
It was indirectly related to Pixel Poop, so I forget it.
Forgive it.
Anyhow, as I was saying, if you enjoyed the show, please leave a five star review on iTunes or Stitcher Radio or wherever it was that you found this program.
Remember to tell a friend or five about this show.
Because again, we don't have a huge website or a million dollar marketing campaign or whatever behind our show.
So we appreciate all of that word of mouth.
It goes a very, very long way.
And that's really it.
Thank you so much for being here and participating with the show tonight.
We will be back next week.
Remember, live folks, we will be live early next week.
Probably 11 AM, I think is the time we're aiming for on the West Coast.
So we can be done with plenty of time to get to San Francisco.
So that will be 11 AM Pacific, 2 PM Eastern.
That will be 7 PM in the UK.
So this is the chance for you guys overseas to participate live with our show.
Again, live listeners, if you forget that, we will repeat the show in our usual live time slot.
So at least you'll get a new live OLR.
But for now, that's going to do it.
Thank you so much for participating with our show and being a part of it tonight.
We will see you next week.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, ladies first, your final thought tonight.
Words.
My final thought tonight is, later bitch.
I love that.
The minute I saw that, I was like, it's Dark Sakura.
It's going in my cube.
It's her.
And last but not least, Loki.
Ideally I would have a demo up for my game this week, but we'll see.
That's the sound of me holding my breath.
I know.
I want to.
I want to.
It takes me three times as long to do anything.
Right, good luck my friend.
But I will stay up late again to work on this.
Alright, have a great week everybody.
We'll see you in seven days.
Good night and thanks for playing.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
