Orange Lounge Radio
Riverhosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, March 3, 2013, two companies promise new games at PAX East.
Gran Turismo 6 will be out before year's end.
And could Shenmue 3 happen via Kickstarter?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 495 for this March the 3rd of 2013.
We're here to talk about video games and gaming and gaming culture with my co-host.
My name is Rob Roberts. Over here is DarkSakura.
Hi.
How are you, DarkSakura? Welcome back tonight.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Hope you're feeling better.
Yes.
As you said before the show, because you were looking at the show and you said,
495, why have we been doing this for 495 weeks?
And I said, chicks. To get chicks.
Yeah.
It hasn't worked.
I did have chicken the other day.
Hello over there, tech master Loki, who claims it has not worked.
Nah, it hasn't worked.
It has not worked.
Well, you've been, how long have you and Nelly been together since the start of OLR, right?
You guys were together around there.
Yeah, around there.
Wow, so.
I think 2001.
And you and Dan have been together that long too.
Well, we've been together for 15 years.
Oh my gosh.
As of the 23rd of January.
This show just, you know, fosters long-term relationships.
Meanwhile, over the course of the show, I think I've had four or five different.
I did get married after we started the show.
But the one I'm on is the last one.
Cause he's listening.
So you know he's a keeper.
Cause he's, you know, supportive and all that stuff.
Right?
Yes, and he's officially my hero for re-reblogging one of my posts on my Mass Effect blog.
Cause I totally agree with him.
Oh, you guys and your Mass Effect lolsy stuff.
Hey, you know what?
Huh?
You were talking about Shitadel earlier.
Are we already dogging the DLC before anybody's played it?
Yeah, that's just my special nickname for the Citadel.
Oh, okay.
The Shitadel?
That's very clever.
That's very creative.
Yeah, Becky and I call it that sometimes.
Funny you.
I was going to do a kickoff topic for the start of the show tonight.
But I didn't really have a lot going on.
I thought I would give a cheap plug to Bobby.
He's always up before us.
We do tape live at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com,
every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right before Bobby Black Wolf.
And on his show tonight, a really cool interview with Ken Allen.
You may not recognize that name, but I'm sure you recognize his work.
Especially if you're like a 30-something or a late 20-something.
You probably played Sierra Adventure games back in the day.
Yeah, he was a composer for Space Quest, the old Space Quest games.
I have a confession, Rob.
What's that?
I really didn't play many of them.
Yeah, what's up with that?
What were you playing in the early 90s?
Were you strictly console?
I was strictly console, except for my addiction to Doom.
When I hit my last year of high school and beginning of college, I was really into Doom and Descent.
Interesting.
And I did like Phantasmagoria, but I played the LucasArts games.
I played Loom.
Okay, well that was all kind of around that same time.
Yeah, it was around that same time, but I just wasn't as into it myself.
Oh God, I love to be-
I was a console girl.
I will admit, I was not as into Space Quest as I was in the Hero's Quest, and especially King's Quest.
That series was so amazing to me.
I think everybody remembers King's Quest IV, Rosella, because that's the one that incorporates all the old fairy tales and stuff.
Oh my gosh, great, great classic game.
I just didn't get into them.
I think the only real thing I played on a PC before that were the text-based, like Gemstone.
And then of course your favorite, Civilization, the old school one.
I got into that early on.
I was never into Civ.
I should give a plug for this. I'm curious what you guys think about this.
Microsoft is doing a huge sale on their Games on Demand right now, where you can get a lot of these, not really a lot of new stuff.
I think there were some things in there like Borderlands 2 and stuff, but mostly a couple years old games from the archives.
But it's like $9.99 for most of these games that are on sale right now.
Borderlands 2 is a little more and some of the other current ones.
But for the most part, you're getting games that still retail for $30-$40 for $9.99.
A lot of people calling it Microsoft's answer to a Steam sale.
And in some ways, it's kind of accurate.
Today, the reason why I brought it up was Civilization.
Civilization Revolution, one of those games that's only $10 right now, which I think is a great buy.
I think it's a great enabler for the Civ series.
So if I was going to try and get Jamie into Civ, I would be all like,
Poke, poke, here's a $10 gift card. Poke, poke, here's what you go spend it on. Poke, poke.
But I know that won't work, so I'm not even going to bother.
I'm not giving her money.
If you gave me money right now, I'd probably just pay bills with it.
What do you guys think about Microsoft responding to this really deep cut sale thing of sorts?
Well, I think they're just trying to push digital sales.
Trying to figure out how to get people interested in that stuff.
And it's all about getting them more exposure.
Maybe kind of trying to hype up stuff as we approach a supposed announcement of some sort.
So maybe, I don't know, it seems to have worked for Steam and stuff to help drive sales.
Maybe that's why they want to hype.
Hey guys, you know we do sell games digitally as well, right?
It's not just Sony and Steam. We do that as well.
So hey, buy something.
A tiny correction to what I had stated earlier.
Bobby says it was Space Quest 4 was the one in the series that Ken Allen did.
Oops, my bad.
But I will say that I know this one for a fact.
Because Bobby and I have both fawned over this one.
And our mutual love of an old ass Sierra game I bet none of you have heard of.
It's called Jones in the Fast Lane.
Awesome computer game back in the day.
They kind of tried to make a CD-ROM game out of a board game type of thing.
It was really weird.
You had these marbles that would go around, but it was kind of like life.
And you would have a job.
It was hard for me to explain.
It was fun, dammit.
Did they ever make a board game based on that?
No, but you would see your little character actually walking.
You could pick your little CD-ROM character and they would actually walk.
It was back in the day when all that video capture stuff was really new on CD.
And then I think they had a disc version of it too
where it would substitute in animated characters, if I remember right.
So I know that was one because I loved that game growing up.
That was right around the same time I got into Civ and all that, in fact.
I want to know something, Rob.
What?
Why people on Tumblr think that I want to see animated gifs of Caden's butt.
Because you're following those Tumblrs.
It's all about what you want to follow on the tumbles.
Wasn't there one called Caden's Ass?
There's one called Shepherd's Butt.
It's because it's like, hey, we saw that you viewed alien penises.
You may like Caden's butt.
There's also one that's called Shepherd's Left Boob.
I don't know what you want me to tell you.
I have no idea.
I can't even.
You get out of the internet whatever you want.
If you want to use Tumblr for nothing but porn, you can do it very easily.
That's my side boob.
Or so I've heard.
And that's probably someone's Tumblr too.
That's my side boob.
That's from Family Guy.
I'm going to see if that exists.
Fuck yeah, side boob.
I'm pretty sure that's out there.
I'm looking.
Alright, going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
BlackWolf, again trying to correct me here.
The only difference between the disc and CD version was the CD version had full spoken audio.
The animated characters were still there.
I thought in the CD version they were actual digitized characters and in the disc one they were cartoons.
And on the disc version they-
Yes it exists.
There is a fuck yes I boob Tumblr.
And on the disc version it came on like 48 discs, right?
Because that's the equivalent of a CD.
The disc version of Jones I think was only like four.
Like four discs or so.
I remember, what was it?
Willy Beamish I think it was.
Was a game I was playing way back in the day.
I remember that game.
It was on like 12 discs.
Yeah, I had an anime fighting game.
It was called, I don't remember what it was called.
Something Lace.
I don't remember what it was called now.
It was like Metal and Lace or something like that.
I got into it like software etc. back in the day.
Never did get that game to run correctly.
But damn it took a long time with like eight plus discs installing.
That was the whole reason you needed a hard drive.
Was because you had to have something to install all those stinking discs to.
Eh, no the 14 disc descent.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Ugh.
That's where you had to have like a rubber band to bind all the discs together.
Good times.
I still have it somewhere.
My stack of descent discs.
Classic gaming, what a trip.
Alright, let's get into what we've been playing this week as far as modern games go.
Not that classics are bad by any means.
I mean, I've been playing Capcom Arcade a lot lately.
Playing classics.
Why don't we just start with Rob?
Well you, well no I was going to say, no that was last week not this week.
But I was going to say you missed last week and I was talking about Capcom Arcade.
Did you know that the freebie game that you can just get for free on Playstation 3 is Black Tiger?
Which you've talked about on the show before.
Yeah.
And you can flip between the Japanese and the English versions.
I was so excited to tell you last week and then you weren't here.
Uh, I think Dan might have already gotten it.
I don't know.
It's cool.
Yeah, it's an e-game.
And...
It's one of Dan's favorites.
Next week they're putting out Gun.Smoke.
Gun.Smoke.
Gun.Smoke.
Yeah.
I have a demo for Gun.Smoke.
It's good times.
Alright, we'll start with you.
What were you going to say?
Something sassy over there, Logan?
I wonder, you know, because now that they are allowing you to get all these weird like
URL names, I wonder if someday we will have Gun.Smoke.
As an actual URL.
Like a smoke dot, like a dot com or a dot...
Yeah, it'd be dot smoke.
It'd be dot smoke.
Like, they had it at one point where you could get pretty much anything you want.
Yeah, yeah.
So...
Well, I would imagine maybe cigarette companies or in Washington and Colorado, dot smoke might
be very popular.
You could get Gun.SMO.KE, like Kenya or something.
See, now you're thinking.
Now you're playing with power.
I'm playing internationally.
Alright, Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
Mass Effect.
Of course.
No, because I got the Reckoning DLC.
Oh yes, the last multiplayer DLC.
Yeah.
I love your little quote fingers that no one can see.
Yeah, well.
Um, it's actually really good, although my little lore nerd in my head is going, fucking
collector adepts, what?
Yeah, that was a weird choice, wasn't it?
Fucking bizarre.
I just, it just goes to show just how crap the writing in 3 was.
Aww.
No, 3 has like some of my favorite scenes and it's my favorite to play, like actually
play.
But there's just writing in that game that makes me go, sparkly turd.
But the multiplayer is so good.
The multiplayer is fantastic.
You guys wonder why we don't shut up about Mass Effect 3 like ever, ever.
Like, for Dark Soccer, it's a lot of this fandom and all this stuff she kind of keeps
perpetuating.
For me, it's the multiplayer.
Like, I can keep going back and playing that and it's so much fun.
I've been playing a lot of multiplayer.
Yeah.
The bulk of my playing's been multiplayer because I, it's like my freebie pack, I got
the Geth, no, I got the Krogan Warlord in it.
And then I got, the first one that I actually got with my saved up points had the Turian
Cabal in it.
That was good.
The Lady Turian.
That was good of BioWare, by the way, to give everybody a free character new.
Like, you know, I think, I wish, like looking back, I wish I'd done that for each piece
of DLC they did.
Like, I understand their whole little micro transaction model is to make people save up
the in-game credits or be tempted to spend, you know, three bucks on a pack to maybe get
a character.
But I think it was a good, good gesture to give everybody a freebie.
Well, usually whenever DLC comes out that I have to pay for, I just go ahead and put
a 20 on it and then use my leftovers for multiplayer, which is what I'm going to do when I get Shenadel.
But, uh, I really, I never enjoyed playing a Vanguard until this one, because like the
moves are all like poison this and blades that.
It's like playing a Wolverturian.
Mm hmm.
I got Hawkeye.
Oh yeah.
The, um, I have, I have one of him too.
The Zaid wannabe.
Oh yeah.
But like with the, the bow and arrow, I, it's weird.
The omnibo.
I love engineers, but I wasn't like, it was cool for a little bit, but I'm not, I went
back to my human cause I don't have a Korean engineer on PC.
Well, I finally though, like this is the first time I've actually gotten a character up to
20 and promoted.
Nice.
My class.
So now I have to start over and I like, I hate the starting over cause like they put
us on a collector map right when I just started over and we all know the collectors are bullshit.
Yeah.
Yep.
So I, the second one thankfully was a, um, Cerberus thing, but it was, it was really
fun.
And the first game I was in though, I had to roll my eyes cause we had a collector adapt.
We had a juggernaut and we had a Krogan, a warlord.
So it was like almost all of the, all the misfits.
Yeah.
And it was such, I was amazed.
It was such a balanced party.
We just flew through everything.
Like it was no big deal.
It was, it was like a hot knife through butter.
Um, technus in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, um, he's kinda done with the mass effect
universe for now.
Good for you.
Do you?
Well, I mean, but, but I get it.
Like, is it, is it time?
You mean this is the last multiplayer DLC.
We have the last single player DLC next week.
Is it time?
I mean, nothing good lasts forever, right?
Is it time to move on to whatever's next for the Mass Effect series?
Three words.
Final Fantasy seven.
No.
Still going on.
Still going.
It took a while.
It took a while though to come back and then there was all the movies and everything.
All right.
Anything else you want to share?
Should I move on to Loki?
Um, that's really all I played.
I'm probably gonna be canceling a while.
Sad face.
Just for a little while until I get a job.
Makes sense.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, my gaming week was all right.
It started off okay.
At least.
Um, I started, we were playing Borderlands two and kind of going through that stuff and
then that wonderful, um, add on content pack came out from, um, you know, 2k.
So, I was like, okay, cool.
I'm gonna go ahead and get this.
Yes, I know I could have saved some money by buying the DLC, either the season pass
or, um, you know, buying just the DLC straight from the marketplace.
Um, but here's the thing though is that I want to put it on more than one system because
I play with a friend and I don't want to buy the DLC twice and the add on content packs
do not have DRM on them.
They also apparently don't work very well because, um, the true nature of Gearbox is
finally coming out.
It's like, huh, you know, Borderlands is such an awesome game.
Why did they really fuck up Duke Nukem, you know, forever in Aliens Colonial Marines?
It's because it's a fluke because they fuck up everything.
Apparently, Borderlands is just, I guess, some weird fluke for this company.
Maybe they took some of that Duke Nukem money and Aliens Colonial Marines money and made
the game better or something.
I mean, but the disc does not, the disc broke the game.
Like, the disc broke the DLC.
Well, I, first off, couldn't get any of the DLC to work on either system.
Um, the people that did get it to work, they're having problems with the DLC not quite working
because they can't pick up any of the weapons that are exclusive to the game.
You get an error saying, this weapon is for this piece of DLC, which you don't have.
And, so that kind of sucks for everyone else.
Well, I mean, we could probably just remove the DLC and probably have to, I don't know,
clear a cache or something, re-download something.
I don't know.
But, it's still annoying though.
I don't want to have to go through this process and try to figure out, okay, which series
of events do I have to do to get this to work?
Um, so anyways, so I was trying to get this thing to work and, uh,
Shadownextgen has an opinion on Gearbox.
Shadownextgen says, Gearbox cannot be blamed for Duke Nukem.
All they did was they put their existing material and made it playable.
Gearbox is totally to blame though for aliens.
Alright, that's fine.
Meeting you halfway.
That's fine.
I'll accept that.
But, the thing is, so, okay, so it's all fucked up in one way or another.
For me, it's a little bit more fucked up than some of the people that have the game
and just, they can't either access certain DLC or can't access the guns in certain DLC
or, you know, the waypoint's not showing up.
And their solution is, well, we're just gonna have to put out a patch for it.
The disc is for people that don't have fucking online.
How are you gonna download this patch to make the fucking offline thing work correctly?
Oh, that makes total sense.
It's like, fucking, did you guys test this at all?
Does that mean you have to do one of those weird things where you download it to a USB stick?
No, there is no way.
You can do that for system updates.
Like, the console firmware, you can't do that for game, I mean, you can't do that legitimately
with, you know, you can get tools to do that.
So you're telling me that the technology's there, it's just that for whatever reason
they don't let the publishers use it.
Yeah, it's basically you can download a system update that someone's dumped off their machine
off the internet and have, hopefully, a tool to be able to put it on a memory stick or something like that,
which is, it's out there, you can do that.
I guess it wouldn't be that hard if you used USB storage.
It used to be a lot harder, though.
So anyway, so that's all fucking broken, so that's great.
So for now, we've been playing emulator stuff, because I have these modded Xboxes
that we were messing around with, and so we've been playing Super Nintendo and Nintendo games and stuff.
I also started trying Far Cry 2, because my thought is, hey, I remember Far Cry Instinct's
Predator had a pretty awesome map editor, and you can make your own levels and stuff like that,
and the game's not that bad.
And then I was like, oh wait, Far Cry 2 even has a better emulator, or level editor,
and that might be kind of fun to play with, so I'm actually working with the Far Cry 2 level editor,
because I know I could do three.
I don't really know, three actually requires that you have, well, first of all, the game's pretty expensive.
It's under 20 bucks now.
So I would have probably picked three first, but two seems to be pretty good, price point wise.
So I'm recreating my favorite maps from other games in the Far Cry map editor.
So I've got, I've started from Grand Theft Auto 4, Valet of Gay Tony,
I've got the Ziggurat map, which is the ferry terminal that's under construction.
So I've started that, and it looks pretty awesome.
So hopefully I'm going to just take all my favorite levels, or I'll just download some if I'm too damn lazy,
because it is quite a process to get that stuff looking right, and actually getting it to work correctly.
So I may just download some other maps and stuff like that, and hopefully maybe we can switch over that,
because I think right now we bought another map pack for Call of Duty a couple weeks ago,
and we're kind of already sick of them.
It's like, you know, we don't want to keep purchasing $15 map packs
if we're just going to get sick of these maps in a couple weeks.
It's just, we need something to kill the time between now and Grand Theft Auto 5.
Which, by the way, my fucking asshole boss, who didn't fucking take me to Destination PlayStation,
Dick's like, hey, I got the Z-Grand Theft Auto 5 being played, twice,
because the guy died midway through one of the missions, so I got to see it all over again.
I'm like, I fucking hate you.
But anyways, it sounds really awesome, though.
They were just talking about how you can switch between the three characters during the game.
They showed off one of the levels that, I don't think it was in the trailer, I think it was a screenshot.
It was basically where the guy's repelling down the side of an office building.
And so he's like, oh yeah, so one of the guys you're controlling is flying the helicopter,
and the other one's like a sharpshooter on one of the other buildings,
and then the other guy's the one that's repelling.
And actually, as you're repelling the detail in the game,
you have people coming in the offices and going up to one of them,
hey, what's going on, you know, what is that?
So it's just, I don't know, it sounds really awesome.
And of course, he reiterated the size of the game and stuff,
and he just says it looks fucking amazing, so I can't wait.
So fuck the next gen, I don't care, I just want this game.
That's right.
But what about those games analysts that say, oh for sure,
Grand Theft Auto 5 will come to next gen consoles?
Yeah, here's what he said, it'll come to next gen consoles eventually.
And the only way I believe that is if they do a PC port, which they're not doing right away.
They may do one later on, or they may go the Red Dead Redemption route and say fuck it, we're not gonna do one.
Especially if they're worried that the game's gonna get hacked,
because that's where you get your fucking keys for,
well, they're stupid enough anyways to put the fucking keys for Grand Theft Auto
and have it be all the same across platforms,
which is, I don't know why they do that.
So let's assume that they don't do that,
and when they do put out a PC port, it would enable hacking,
or at least that's how it's been.
So I think that yeah, they could do a PC port,
and if they do that, then they'll probably do a next gen port,
because they're gonna be uprising everything,
or making it run better, have better particle effects and that kind of stuff.
But it's not gonna be at launch, and it would be like eventually,
like maybe next year or a year after that,
depending on what their release schedule is as far as what Rockstar are gonna be working on next.
Probably DLC for Grand Theft Auto V, which would be pretty awesome.
So I don't know, they're gonna be busy for a while,
so I don't think they can really split the resources.
I am kind of surprised that it's not in the Wii U,
but I don't know, whatever.
Alright, let's see.
Shadow next gen in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
He wouldn't take Loki and then was bragging about getting to see Grand Theft Auto V.
That ain't right.
Well, it's just, you know, they took our buyer and stuff,
and you know, our, well he was the vice president of sales now,
he's some new business guy.
So it's just all the management people and the buyer.
Don't worry, I'm working on getting rid of the buyer.
Soon enough, I'll be going.
It'll just be a matter of time.
But I did say, I'm like, so, you're taking me along with, you know,
DPS, because they're gonna have Grand Theft Auto there.
I mean, we don't need to send this VP guy, he doesn't know anything about games.
Alright, anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Minecraft, played a little bit more Minecraft.
Yeah, how's the server going?
It's empty there.
I played some last week.
Okay.
It's very empty.
I hardly see a soul on there.
I do check the logs every now and then to see if people are actually connecting.
I would like to thank whoever built the ginormous N7 in front of my house.
Oh, that wasn't you?
No, it wasn't me.
I do keep an eye on it every now and then.
I read the forums, and I also check my 3D map every once in a while
to see if something new is on the way.
Hey, that's different.
Now, I was working on... I don't even know what it is now.
I was trying to create this little airship thing that I have a picture of,
and not necessarily create it exactly, but just something similar.
And then I was like, okay, I'm gonna make this giant castle inside this mountain.
And then I was like, I'm wasting so much damn time in Minecraft.
I could be doing something more productive,
but I just didn't want to be productive that day.
We need to build Hogwarts.
Oh, I remember what it was now, why I was playing Minecraft.
Because my wife was watching Hulu, which is being streamed through my Xbox,
and I wanted to build maps in Far Cry.
And so I was waiting for Far Cry to download or something like that,
because I bought it on PC as well.
So, you know, instead of buying stuff on the sale on Xbox,
I bought PC games.
SSJ100Matt says, I'll be getting Minecraft soon.
You know, I saw at Target, those little...
It's mixed in with all the cards for the crap online stuff you're never gonna play,
like Club Penguin and all those...
You know how they sell tons of those cards?
There was a card for Minecraft.
So you can buy Minecraft at Target and stuff now.
I am eventually, at some point, once I get motivated enough to finish the website and stuff,
to setting up nights to do things.
So I haven't quite done that yet.
I know Code Man's going in there, and he's doing videos of some of the Mob Arena stuff,
which that needs to be fixed and balanced.
He's good at all that fancy YouTube stuff.
He's helping do a trailer for the server, so I don't know what he's up to.
Yeah, the cricket sounds and no one there.
That'd be awesome.
It's empty!
I almost thought about making it not whitelisted,
but it's still...
All you get is griefers, then.
Yeah, you know, no.
Whitelist is a good idea.
You should keep it that way.
You really should.
I've actually just been having fun digging my holes,
which is pretty much all my houses are.
They're holes in the ground.
Like you do on the show.
Just dig your own holes all night.
You've seen my house, haven't you?
My prairie doggy?
Minecraft house? No, I haven't.
Minecraft house.
It's a series of underground tunnels.
I haven't been on Minecraft in like a month.
Shame on me.
I get yelled at all the time.
Yelled at over it.
All right.
I know, I keep looking at your half-finished house all the time.
I know, I need to finish it.
All right, anything else you want to share for your gaming week?
That's it.
Wait until you hear what I have been playing.
You're gonna be like, God damn it, Rob.
All right, so my gaming week.
Well, I was driving around town hoping somebody broke street on Tomb Raider
because I heard a lot of places were selling Tomb Raider early,
but I couldn't find any,
so I guess I'll have to wait like everybody else.
Boo.
But how can you not want Tomb Raider after the Conan review?
Although...
The Conan, I love his video, the review thing,
it's kind of hit and miss and stuff,
but my God are the deaths in that so violent and frequent.
It's kind of, I think Jamie would like the game actually for that reason.
What game?
Tomb Raider.
Oh, the new one?
Yes, because there's stuff, you know,
okay, you got to go left.
Oh, you got to go right.
Oh, you didn't go right fast enough.
And now she impales her neck on a stick very violently.
That sounds awesome.
Yeah, I wasn't...
One of our listeners got me the last one, the Guardian of Light.
Oh, yeah?
So thank you.
I wasn't...
Well, Guardian of Light is so different.
I love Guardian of Light though.
That was a great game.
But yeah, I wasn't really prepared.
I mean, I should have known better because like, you know,
I know Tomb Raider, it was all about the death scenes back in the day,
but it was a little more cartoony back then.
Locking the butler in the fridge.
Some of that stuff now, like when I saw that whole impale scene,
I was like, oh, maybe, maybe I don't know.
Maybe I'm having second thoughts about this purchase because, you know,
I'm not huge on the violence, but I'll deal with it.
From what I hear, it's limited.
I wonder if you can still make her break her own neck.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I'm sure you can.
It wouldn't be Tomb Raider if you couldn't.
Because that's fun.
And I still want to lock the butler in the freezer.
Maybe.
Because that was the only thing I ever did in two.
Maybe you can.
It wouldn't surprise me if they have throwbacks to.
Well, then again, her mansion's not really in this one.
This is a reboot.
It's a prequel.
She doesn't have a butler yet.
You'll have to hope for a new one.
Maybe at the end of the game when she gets to her mansion or something
like that, she's like.
She gets a letter from her butler.
Dear ma'am, I'm still in the freezer.
Please let me out.
Sincerely, your butler.
Oh, God.
S2-100 Matt in chat says, Rob, just get it and have your mom play it.
It could top the Conan's review things, though.
Having my mother do it.
Because my mom is.
Kids react to Tomb Raider.
Oh, my God, Rob.
What's this game?
Rob.
Oh, Rob, that is gross.
People, you paid $60 for this, Rob.
You should be trying to rape her.
You should be saving your money, Rob.
Get a 401k.
SSG-100 Matt does the best.
You should reread that in your mom's voice.
Rob, that's gross, Rob.
Through her neck.
Come on, Rob.
I would totally be here.
All right.
So let's talk about what.
I adore your mom.
Oh, no.
Who doesn't?
Let's talk about what I have been playing.
I have been playing.
OK, here's your LOL WTF BBQ moment.
Like, all weekend, I've been playing Diablo 3.
What?
Right?
Like, what am I smoking?
I don't know.
I think the fact that I've been, like, into Path of Exile lately, like, made me go like,
maybe I should go back and try Diablo 3 because I was enjoying Path of Exile.
And, you know, people say Diablo 3 is extra for was like, you need to go back because
a lot of it's, you know, patches and all this.
And I've actually been enjoying it.
I've got to admit, I think part of that is the fact that nobody else is playing Diablo
3 right now.
So, well, I have to get people jumping in on your game.
Well, yeah, exactly.
Actually, yes, I have one or two people that play on my friends list, but they're all like
super high paragon level and all that stuff.
You know, they play a lot more than I do.
So, I'm actually kind of getting to take the game at my own pace.
And, yeah, just on the off chance that somebody on my friends list is, like, you know, a total
noob and getting an itch to play Diablo 3 like me, I actually turned it off where people
can't join my game anymore.
And I said, you know what, I'm going to play this through one time, just me at my own pace
because I think part of what broke the game for me was that having people jump in your
game, as much as it's nice to be social and all that, like, it paces the game a lot differently
because people will be off kind of doing their own thing.
You got to go back to town and sell stuff, but you don't want to miss some of the exploration
and the XP and, you know, I don't know.
Like, so I kind of want to just, I want to play this game by myself for a little bit
one time.
But always connected to the internet.
Yes, but it's always connected to the internet, which is ridiculous in its own right.
But, hey, at least I got the game complimentary with the whole Warcraft pass thing.
So, I can't complain too much about that.
I may have to reinstall it and give it another go.
I didn't dislike it.
I just didn't like not being able to rotate the camera and getting a better view.
So, that was really my biggest, that and people jumping in my game, which I had turned it
off and people were still jumping in my game.
