Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, March 17th, 2013, Pokemon is finally set to answer Skylanders, the makers of Super Smash Brothers promised better online in the next game, and worlds collide between Resident Evil 6 and Leopard M2.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio episode number 497 for this March the 17th, 2013.
Happy St. Patrick's Day to you, or Happy Luigi Day as the case may be, cause you know, Luigi wears green.
Here to talk about video games, gaming culture, gamer lifestyle, gamer lols, anything gamer, and maybe a little bit of other stuff too.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts. Say hello first off to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Jamie Summers has been replaced by a monster on tonight's show.
By one of those little gurgly things in WoW.
Oh, the murlocs?
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki, who ate a murloc for dinner.
I, yeah, sort of.
I helped.
How you doing Loki?
I'm doing fine, just making sure I'm being picked up on the mic.
Yes, your mic is good.
Alright.
I don't know what that was about. Random.
That was Pope Francis actually intervening and hoping that you wouldn't be heard tonight.
You're gonna be still trying to get rid of that old Pope smell.
Anyhow, say hello. We have a special guest joining us tonight in studio.
I want to give a big hello and welcome back to an old friend of Orange Lounge Radio, who I haven't seen in a couple months.
So I'm super excited he took the drive all the way from the Bay Area just to be here with us tonight.
Say hello to Seg.
Hello OLR, I missed you so.
I missed you too.
Would you buy me?
I'm just kidding.
How are you?
Oh, what a year.
You've had a very interesting year.
Yes, very much so. A lot of changes, a lot of good things and a lot of not so good things.
Not dead yet, despite the universe's best efforts.
And it's going to be an exciting year coming up.
Well, let me talk to you a little bit more in just a minute here.
But I do want to give a plug for our chat room because some of the folks live tonight might want to chat with you, Seg.
And they can do so by joining our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
In case you didn't know, it is a live show.
It's a podcast too, but we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vognetwork.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show every Sunday night.
And if you are in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, you can ask Seg some questions.
But not everybody might know, like, what y'all have been involved with in the gaming universe.
So tell us a little bit about yourself for the listeners that might not know.
So I make video games with computers.
That's good, as opposed to with sticks and stones.
Yes. First recipient, just to TLDR my history, first recipient of Bachelor of Fine Arts.
Make sure you're right in that mic so you're good and loud.
First recipient of Bachelor of Fine Arts in New Media at Emerson College in Boston, originally from Detroit, Dearborn.
Worked for over five years at Telltale Games, making over 60 titles, more or less.
Episodes are weird.
I also co-founded UMLoud, which is a rock band charity concert in San Francisco and broadcasted around the world for Child's Play Charity.
And stuff.
And other things. Is that enough?
No, it's perfect. That's lots of stuff.
Well, we talk about UMLoud. Let's start with UMLoud, because we've talked a lot about UMLoud on the show.
And, you know, we've all participated. We've gone to past events and so forth.
You know, it's a great thing that the whole, you know, Northern California community really gets involved with.
And now, really, the world, too.
Have you been surprised in a positive way at how well UMLoud's been received?
It's, you know, it's been, it's such a crazy journey, this thing.
Because, I mean, I first, I was actually one of the first to play Guitar Hero, because I play-tested Guitar Hero 1 way back in the day in Central Square.
And I always wanted to see an event that focused on performance rather than score.
Because the score didn't really interest me too much, so much as the performance aspect.
And, you know, a few years when I moved over here to California, the opportunity arose to really make an event that focused on performance.
And to do so in a way that benefited the community.
And I knew people wanted this sort of event once they figured out, you know, once we were able to communicate this isn't a score-based event.
Because when you use score, it's always like, oh, there's that one person that's crazy good that'll never beat.
And it just, would just shut off many people.
Whereas for our event, with the exception of the Headliner program, which is something a little bit special, we don't audition or anything.
Literally any idiot can do it.
Yes.
That's the beauty of the internet.
And it's just, you know, the first year, we had a few bands that actually did the costume stuff and all that, but that was just the first time doing it.
And now it's just, it's a thing. People pitch me band ideas and all this.
And just the amount of talent that comes out of it.
And just the creativity and the fervor of excitement that comes out of I Joomloud is just absolutely amazing.
And it wouldn't happen if it weren't for the amazing year-round team that helps put on this show together.
Literally, I mean, it is not just me.
I hate it when people are like, oh, it's your thing.
Like, no, no, no, no, no, it's not my thing.
It is our thing.
And, you know, we've been able to raise quite a bit of money.
How much did you pull in this last year?
This last year, we're looking, it's around $41,000 this time around.
Yeah, I remember it was about $40,000, yeah.
Yeah, we got a few things also rolled in late.
So it's about $41,000.
Not a bad chunk of change.
Not bad. Not bad at all.
That's for a great cause too.
It's fun to walk on.
Jamie, of course, you know, I know did a lot of graphic design and stuff for it.
So, yeah, it's a fun way for everybody to get involved.
Do you have a lot of people that are kind of throwing themselves at you going, let me help?
Yeah, you know, once we get, you know, we're definitely going to be expanding more this year.
We really want to expand the headliner program, which was a wild success this year.
To explain what that is, so Umlaut to Perform, it's a donation.
Last year was $200 last year for a band package.
And you split that between your band members.
So it's not that much at all.
It's $200 a band, but if your band has, what, seven people, three vocalists?
Yeah, you know, we have an upper limit of seven just to help manage the stuff, you know, the cards and all that and all that.
But it's, it doesn't have to be seven.
So you can't be like Gwar, getting up and having a big cup.
Well, you can't be, well, you know, there's a stage limit as well.
But, well, like one of the bands, this is one of the headliners, French Kiss,
incorporated other friends that had confetti poppers everywhere.
And we earned our cleaning fee this year with them.
Oh, man, just confetti everywhere.
How's the response from the people who can't be there in person?
Have you found that your internet presence has really grown?
We had a real boon with a partnership with Twitch.
They featured us on the website and that just shot up.
And also with Tim Schafer hosting was definitely an attraction.
How did you, that's, thank you for reminding me of that because that was quite the feature for Umlaut this year.
How did you manage that?
Well, Joe had already worked with Tim Schafer and his team, Joe Market.
He's one of the co-founders, one of the fellow co-founders and board members.
And he had already worked with him on the GDC awards and all that.
And we were looking for a host and he did the co-found.
Hey, would you be interested in this?
And they were, you know, he was, and we had him host our show.
Awesome.
Yeah.
I mean, we kept that under wraps for quite a few months because we wanted it to be Tim Schafer's hosting and here's where you buy tickets.
Here's a great question for somebody that's been in the industry as long as you have since you brought up keeping secrets.
And you've worked, you know, you worked for Telltale for many years and obviously they had some huge games over those years.
You have to keep a lot of secrets when you work in this industry.
How hard is that?
Very.
The worst, the hardest secret I ever had to keep was keeping from my sister, Carolyn, the fact that we were working on Tales of Monkey Island.
That was the hardest because my sister and I grew up on the scum era and I leaned more towards the Sam and Max.
She leaned more towards the Monkey Island side.
But, you know, there's definitely shared love between the two.
But I had to keep that secret for much longer than I would have liked.
And I certainly heard about it from her.
I bet. I bet.
I told her a half hour before we were going live with the announcement just so I could say that I told her before.
But if you guys have 30 minutes before, that's great.
Yeah.
If you guys have questions for SEG, live.vognetwork.com, you can ask whatever you'd like, within reason.
Either about UMLOUD or A Space Between Studios or whatever.
I do want to talk about your new studio, but I had another quick question about UMLOUD because I know this has got to be something that's on your mind.
It's on a lot of people's mind when it comes to rock band.
They've announced no more DLC after, what is it, two weeks?
It's like the last DLC we're ever going to see.
Which, you know, the end had to happen at some point, right?
It's hard to be upset about the end of rock band DLC when no other game in the history of gaming has been supported the way the rock band has been.
Yeah, five years.
Let's be real.
And with as much as they've got, right?
So, are you worried, though, that like, uh-oh, if this means that rock band is sunsetting, what's going to happen to UMLOUD?
Well, you know, this whole shinding does not happen if not for the support of the community.
And that's ultimately what everyone comes together for.
That's what this whole thing happens, is the community.
And I see no slowing down from the community of wanting to do this event.
So, that's what I point to, not just to blindly say, oh, yeah, we're still going to do it.
No, the evidence of all the people that just want to pour in all the performances who just...
To me, our marketing challenge for our event is getting people to experience for the first time UMLOUD, whether it's online or in person.
Because we know that once people experience it, they're coming back next year or really heavily regretting it.
So, we know we have a very good event on our hands.
We know we have an event that people love, that people want to participate in.
And harmonics moving on from rock band hasn't altered that.
So, maybe it'll be a dance party with Dance Central in a couple years.
Surely you've kicked that idea around.
We've kicked the idea, yeah.
Obvious conclusion, right?
I mean, it's hard to do that on stage because, well, for one, it's only two people.
And then it's not a main stage thing.
And we really want to push as many bands and people on stage just because we're only doing it one night.
We want to make sure that we get as many people to experience the big stage.
It really is the performance of it all, too.
And it's funny that if you look back at the history of this show, we started around, what, DDR?
We used to do episodes of this show live from Dance Dance Revolution tournaments and stuff.
So, let me tell you, they'll always be somewhere in gaming, like a performance game.
I think we've seen that ever since, really.
I guess DDR probably was the first of that that I could think of.
It was a performance-based game.
I want to see a visual K-themed band next year.
That's my personal challenge out to anybody, by the way.
Anything is possible.
I try not to meddle in the affairs of bands, but I just want to put out there,
I would love to see someone do a mash-up and or a Weird Al rendition of a song.
Because the game's on no-fail, and you don't worry about score anyways.
I wish people would explore the space.
That's what we do at my house.
Yeah, I've seen people do, because Born This Way, right?
So you can do the whole, like, perform this way.
You can totally do it.
It's good times.
Isn't Lola in there?
Because I think we've done Yoda.
Perhaps.
What else do I want to ask about?
Oh, one other question I got about Umlaut, and then I want to talk about some of your other projects, too.
Do you get people, since you have had success on the internet,
and you're recognized on Twitch as a national thing now, it's not just something that's NorCal,
do you get people coming to you going,
Segg, how do I have an Umlaut in Tallahassee, Florida?
Or how do I do an Umlaut in Titicaca?
There's definitely a request for that.
Bring Umlaut to me.
There's sort of two prongs to that answer.
As far as the Umlaut branding, we don't know exactly how to, for us under the Umlaut brand,
to franchise and do it in such a way that we can ensure that the quality and the organization is up to our standards
to make sure that things are above orders.
It's not that I imagine people being shady about it, but it's not something we can just go,
Oh, yeah, I'll use the Umlaut brand and all that.
So we're protective on it because we want to make sure we do it right if we branch out with the Umlaut brand.
But not like you need us, either.
It all comes down to, do you have enough people and enough partnerships you can start to make a thing together
and to rent out a place?
And if you have enough of a community around to pull out the rock band and make it happen.
It's more event planning than the rock band part because, believe me,
as the sound techs at DNA Lounge, where we have our event, have told me we're one of the easier shows to tech.
I bet.
Yeah, it's microphones and looped back and the monitors, but the rest of the instruments.
That part's the easiest, right?
Well, yeah, and you know, it's funny because we get this, even here at Orange Ons Radio,
we're coming up on our 500th episode in a few weeks, right?
So a lot of people are like, Hey, you guys should have an OLR Con or a VoG network to do a VoG Con or something like that.
I'm like, do you know what it takes to plan a convention?
It would not be pretty.
Like the better idea is to take it like Fonami.
Hey, don't you want like an OLR night or something?
Yeah.
Try to leash on to something else.
That's the only way it's going to happen.
I think part of a first gen con, its first ever, it was called Ground Zero Con in Mobile, Alabama.
It was held in.
It's Christmas at Ground Zero.
No, not that one.
It was, my friend had this like gaming group called Ground Zero Techno Mage.
Okay.
And he ran a con in the theater room in the school's student center.
But everything's got to start somewhere. It'd be little, but you know, it's possible.
Yeah.
I think he started it with 200 bucks.
The proto umlaut was actually Fuendrauser, which was in a bar, 200 capacity.
Yeah.
And I didn't get involved, but I went to it and that packed the place up.
And that's like, okay, if they have advertising able to get that many people rolling in, and then it was a scale up from there.
If that was all umlaut ever was, now obviously it's turned into something bigger, but even if it's just that, you're still raising money for a good cause.
Exactly.
So why not, why not dream a little bigger?
All right.
Speaking of dream big, you started your own game studio.
Yeah.
Okay.
No pressure.
Okay.
You were at Telltale.
Layoffs happen in the industry.
It doesn't matter who you work for, right?
These types of things happen.
So you worked on, did you work on Walking Dead?
Yes.
So that's got to feel real good though, that you were a part of that because that was such a huge success, right?
Yeah.
Working through the years and building up the studio and really having all of us really come to a point where we're really recognized for our work is just a testament to the years of dedication we all put in to make that go.
So, you know, there's that old saying, when life hands you lemons, you make lemonade.
So you certainly have done that in some regard with this whole thing because, you know, unfortunately you took that bad news that happened there.
And you know, that's just an inevitable fact of that industry, unfortunately, is that, you know, as projects come and go, people come and go, right?
We've reported it.
How many times on this show?
How many times on this show?
But here we are now, you know, that'll happen at the end of last year.
And now here we are March of this year.
And you're like, okay, I'm not going to be the type that just sits on my butt and watches Oprah all day.
I'm going to.
Oprah's off the air.
She has a network now.
What's the line when life gives you lemons, you demand to see life's manager.
But you've turned that into a game studio.
So where how did that did you just did you wake up one day and go, you know, I should start a game studio.
Well, I should really talk more about the project and, you know, the studio kind of comes after that a little bit.
And I wanted to, you know, after the layoff, I was thinking of why why I love video games so much.
Why why I've dedicated my my life, my career to video games and all that.
And I've I've had this idea floating around of making a a a project that explained how video games communicate as an art form.
And it's you know, I mean, I went through school for it and actually kind of made my own curriculum because I was the first person to go through my program.
And there's a lot of things that we know, but no one, you know, very few have really pinned it down, put some definitions onto it, put some context on it and delivered in a way that a general public would actually participate, you know, like play playthrough and all that.
So I wanted to make a video game, a video games, trying to wrap my head around this idea a lot.
I know we talk about like artistic video games. We think a lot about like Flower and Journey and other things that that game company have done.
The art in that maybe even like so much the art of storytelling in a game like Walking Dead.
Certainly it affected a lot of people and it's storytelling.
So what's what's the difference between like a artsy video game? Because that's not what you're talking about.
You're not talking about making an artsy video game.
You're talking about making a video game that tell like.
I'm trying to wrap my head. Well, think of think, you know, in high school or in college, you know, there are film appreciation classes like a film appreciation one on one class where, you know, that class you're walking in there.
You know, there's it's not like you haven't experienced film before, but those classes are to bring some terminology and some understanding and perspective about how artists use this particular form of media to communicate ideas.
I want to make the video games appreciation one on one class.
And rather than making it a book where I would be going like, oh, this concept, like in this game, assuming you played that game.
But if you're going in for a video game appreciation textbook, you know, you can assume that they haven't played that particular game.
So rather, I wanted to make a game. So instead of just textually writing about it and talking about it and all that, it's like, no, here is the concept.
Let's put it out in front of you. Let's have you experience it the way it's intended to in that form of media.
So you can actually really get a deep understanding by doing rather than wrote.
So this is the game that will make Roger Ebert understand.
Yeah, you know, I'm trying not. Well, I will say that I'm not the piece won't spend much time of, you know, trying to prove, you know, answer the question, is video games art?
Because it's just simply, yes, they are. Let's move on.
That's that's that's the opinionated opinion I'm starting with this piece of just like, yes, there are. Let's go into it.
So you know, you know, the result you want. How do you how we how are we going to get there?
Good question.
So I have a few people that are working on it sort of part time and part part time on it.
I have Jessica Johnson being a writer for me and being sort of the foil and keeping me into focus of the actual content of it.
I have Dan as a programmer that's very interested in working with me on the project.
But really, it comes down to is funding, to be quite honest.
And the bugger about this kind of project is I usually when you go out for funding for a game and all that,
when you're doing it professionally, air quotes, is that you say, well, here's similar games that we're trying to make.
And here was their return on investment. Here's where their profitability and here's where we're going to twist and make something different.
I don't have any game to point to that is anywhere similar to this.
No one has made the real the video game about video games to the kind of depth and length that I'm searching for with this piece.
So it turns me to do the inevitable Kickstarter.
I was going to ask because, yeah, we like a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to ask you.
But now that we're in 2013, is Kickstarter the answer for this?
That currently is my answer.
Or Indiegogo or any of those.
I'm doing Kickstarter because I want to if I'm doing this, I want to do it in a way that actually funds the game.
And that's going to be six figures easy because I want to respect the people that are going to work on this for me.
And that means paying them decently.
So it ends up being a six figure.
The figure and Indiegogo is just not producing those kinds of adult results consistently.
There is a branding of Kickstarter that you can't dismiss.
I mean, sure, I would love to have, you know, some capital investment come in, swoop down and make it go.
But barring that, I really need to prove that there's an audience for this.
And really the available way to do that in this case, I believe, is through Kickstarter.
Because then I can say here are these people who actually put money down to that actually want to have this thing happen.
How are you how are you preparing for this Kickstarter?
So, you know, it's a lot of, you know, this budget for one.
I have a spreadsheet that is so dynamic.
Well, thank God you've had to do some financial planning for UMLoud in the past.
Yeah, I know, right?
You're not going into this totally blind.
Yeah.
You know, I have quite a bit of experience of doing budgets and all that.
And I have to say that I've had a really good business teacher and that's my father or Uncle Ed to you.
Hi, Dad.
I think I see him in chat.
Yeah.
He had a comment earlier in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com about Tim Schafer at UMLoud and that he was a great addition to UMLoud this year.
And Uncle Ed is a great addition to UMLoud.
He does the books and everything, among many other things.
But anyway, but he is a former Ford employee.
And I learned I learned enough about business to go about knowing enough about business to know when I need an adult.
And which, man, that's a bit, you know, through the years, really realizing how special and unique that is, because, boy, we all have seen people who really don't know how to business and don't understand for themselves.
Heck yeah.
There's been so many moments during the times of OLR in the past where, you know, we're trying to do something.
It's like, I need an adult.
So, you know, I'm not going in this completely blindly, but so that, you know, there's making the budget and figure out, OK, how much you know, how much is needed, what is going to be the markup of Kickstarter fees and credit card fees and all that.
And then the fulfillment fees of the actual prizes and all that, that run down from how much is bandwidth going to cost to deliver on final thing to all the physical items, what's good, what's not good.
You know, and trying to balancing all those numbers so that if this thing gets green lighted, I'm not going, well, I have these thousands of dollars worth of stuff I have to pay for in order to get to people.
Well, crap.
You may not have the answer to this question yet, but let me try to throw it out there anyway, just because this is the question that people will be asking once this goes live.
But, you know, why am I going to want to donate to this?
Why will I want to donate and help space between studios create this game?
What this game is intending to do is be the community's way of illustrating to the rest of the world why video games, why we love video games in the way and why we think video games is unique as a form of art that communicates ideas.
And to answer that in the way of what makes video games work to communicate ideas, why are we attracted to the things that we like about video games?
Why are we dissuade about the things that don't work about video games?
Will you be able to answer the question why we've been sitting here for the past 11 years every Sunday night talking about this crap?
Well, you know, that's more in the psychology.
And that was the nice way of saying nobody can answer that.
That would be an exercise.
That would be a true exercise in recursive thinking.
I'm sorry.
He's a game designer, not a head doctor.
I didn't mean to make it about us.
It's about us.
It's on our show about that.
But no, this is this is this is also a piece.
I mean, we don't have this fully fleshed out as far as the outline, because I also want to hear from the community at large.
And this is development and players of what are the things about video games we would want to communicate to people who may not know or play video games all that well, but have an interest just to know more.
And not and I don't think throwing people to a particular any one particular game is going to begin to answer what the diaspora of video games are.
So this is going to be a piece that is a sort of neutral ground where it doesn't make an assumption of what experience level and what you've played before.
That's both in the not played before or super experience.
I'm not making initial assumptions of audience that way will customize based off of how you approach things.
We'll take those creative choices there, but really want to present something that that we can go, hey, oh, you want to know more about video games?
You just just get this game and play and then we'll talk about it after.
And if you really want to know, it's going to cost you because we hear gamers love microtransactions.
Oh, no, no, I'm not doing that now.
Yeah, I do.
Will your game be always online required?
No.
Get out now.
All right.
No, I, you know, well, I'll have the game that's DRM free.
Windows, Linux, Mac.
You know, no.
Is it coming to the OUYA?
Well, you know, that's the other plan, you know, other consoles and platforms and definitely not saying no to I'm sticking to the big three desktop platforms because I can 100 percent promise that 100 percent go and all that.
We are using Unity, so it's not gating other platforms outright.
It's just I'd rather promise things we can deliver on.
And it's not that I mean, there are other avenues that I am exploring.
Sure.
I just know that I want to promise.
Don't second, don't write checks.
Your ass can't cash.
Right. I heard that before.
All right.
It's not like I'm mentioning that Minecraft will be on a dot, dot, dot.
If I'm torn on whether to ask you this question or not, because this question can be perceived as a negative from our chat room.
But I think it's a tough question.
And I've been through worse.
I'm going to say if you're going to take it to the Internet, you're going to get this.
So let me ask you this question from Ross.
Do you see in the chat room that says so.
So this is a testament to the community's insecurity and need for approval.
Are gamers insecure?
Well, no, it's not it's not a statement.
I'm sorry.
It's not the impression of just gamers need to themselves need to like defend or whatever.
It's just there hasn't been a really good academic text that's approachable.
Could this be a celebration?
Yes.
Of gaming.
It's a celebration of gaming.
I mean, I'm making my pitch a little bit geared towards more of people who have played games, because I think if you're listening to this show, I can make that assumption.
That's that's a good.
Yeah.
Good way of thinking.
Yeah.
Just say it.
Just, you know, no judging.
But, you know.
Well, going back to the academic approach, though, what about having it as a tool for like, say, officials, you know, people who are making those legislation about.
Well, I don't want to I don't want the piece to become an out and out political tool.
I'm making very, very consciously not going into topical things or even current topics that I'm including.
Like, for example, I'm not going to touch behavior of online chat and XBLA and all that.
Comment threads on the Internet.
Because that's not there's nothing artistic.
Just keep Tumblr out of it because all anyone does is talk about Mass Effect.
But like, you know, like I'm bringing that up.
It's not even so much like this is a text of the community.
This is not a text.
This is just how video games communicate as an art form.
But to to that end, as tools, one of the plans I have for the the Kickstarter tier reward tiers is you get a digital copy, but you can pick a library classroom, whatever academic it's, you know, whatever can be leaving a little bit broad.
You know, some people if people come up with something that we haven't thought about that would fit in their community, community service, community service, whatever.
But a kit that's so far speccing us to physical DVDs, a site license documentation saying, yes, this institution has a site license for the game.
So it's not limited to the two physical copies and two physical copies of the softcover handbook that we're also going to produce as a sort of companion piece with it.
And that's a you know, you get the thing, but then you can send out a thing and that's going to be on the little on the little more upper range because that's an expensive share, you know, more expensive than a digitally downloadable thing.
But, you know, I am putting the cut ins for library in that educational text, but I'm also not trying to make this edutainment.
You know, this isn't just the pure academic. I'm trying to make I'm trying to take the approach.
This is actually more speaking to where I want to go in a studio perspective is I want to take my my approach of how I've approached all of these licensed properties and all that that I worked in and telltale and all that.
Where I take this canon from strong bad and, you know, it has it has this very well documented wiki, which was such a boon.
I have to say that the Homestar Wiki helped out so much by taking the approach and care I've done to all these fictional franchises and take that same approach, but to non fictional things where the canon is reality.
So and understanding video games is the piece that is my first piece in in that approach, because what I guess for the most part when it comes to edutainment or serious games,
I'm not trying to make a complete blanket statement, but it just there just seems to be this disconnect of all the all the rich development and decisions being made on fictional games that are wonderful and awesome.
But it's just not transferring over to other fields and other things that just that would really benefit from it.
And this is sort of my my particular answer to try and give the perspective of we don't necessarily need to do straight straight up fiction work with our art form.
Well, you've got quite quite a path ahead of you until you get to the end.
I do kind of want to wrap up so you move on, talk about the weekend news.
But if somebody wants to keep tabs on your project, on the Kickstarter, that'll be coming eventually, how can they do that?
Spacebetweenstudios.com and it has all the social media, blah, blah, blah.
The Twitters, the Facebooks.
The Twitters, the Facebooks, the Google Plus even, because why not?
And oh, no, Harrison's there?
What's up, Harrison? Sorry, I'm totally reading Chad and totally distracting myself. Damn you, Harrison.
It took us forever. We used to do the same thing. It would be like our show would be us reading the chat.
Yeah, well, I'm just seeing and Bobby going Harrison.
I would actually love SAG because there are there is kind of like a spirited debate going on about, you know, what what is what is the purpose of this?
So I would love for you to get actually read your chat room after after we're done talking here and we get into the news.
But so Spacebetweenstudios.com and on the Twitters and all that stuff.
I know this is probably so early, but I'd be made fun of if I didn't ask this as a commentator.
Any idea on the time frame? Any time, time assuming Green Line and everything.
If if the Kickstarter passes, passes and I'm able to be solvent on that, I'm currently looking at it.
Well, it'd be ambitious if I said December 2014, but it's probably going to be January 2015 for digital release.
And I'm purposefully putting a two month block of the physical releases of stuff because I want to make sure things are.
Completely bug free.
Before I meant the final physical disks or anything, but everyone would get the digital when it's, you know, I'm not spinning hairs there.
Well, good luck.
I'll need it.
I, I, I, I am so I just want to I can't wait to just see it.
You know what I mean? Like, it's it's one thing to kind of hear you describe it.
And then I'm kind of like, I just can't wait to kind of like jumping because there is so, you know, when you think about it, less like a celebration.
I mean, you know what we're talking about here.
I mean, this this show, my life would be dramatically different if video games didn't exist.
Right. And, you know, I'm sure we all have that story of mom growing up saying you keep playing those games.
You'll never amount to anything. Isn't that right, Uncle Ed?
Now, well, video video games have helped you raise over the years, probably one hundred thousand dollars at this point for charity.
Right. Over the five. We're at 40.
OK, well, it's about I'm going to say 80K.
I mean, regardless, a huge number.
And that is because of your love of video games, our love for video games.
You know, wanting to perform that, wanting to, you know, show the community gamers aren't just crazy people on Xbox with guns that shoot children.
You know, that's not what gamers are at all.
The the one point I do want to make and then we can actually continue on.
When with the Kickstarter and all that, I I am and you can you can you can hold me to the fire in this.
You when we go into development with this, you are going to hear from us constantly.
We're going to make sure we do at least once a month general like, you know, what what we did in the past month thing.
But it's also trying to be available in forums and all that.
So we're not going to be one of those kickstarters that, like, don't say anything for a few months and everyone's like, ah.
You know, so we and this piece won't exist if it won't if the community doesn't participate with it.
So, you know, this isn't I mean, also, you know, yes, ultimately we make final decisions with the piece, but it is not going to be in a vacuum.
It is going to need everyone else's participation.
I love these comments in the chat room. I've got I've got to read these before we move on.
I haven't been looking. Sorry, John.
Harrison Pink in our chat room, H.G. Pink says, everyone back say he's a smart guy who loves games and won't steal from you.
Oh, thank you, Harrison. I miss you, man.
Uncle Ed just defending himself a little bit in chat. So I think it's fair to read this.
I gave you the TRS 80 in the early 80s. Your mother's the one that had issues with it.
That's why I was saying like that. That was like that's why I met with that comment.
Is that right? That mom said that Uncle Ed.
Fair enough. Fair enough. All right.
Well, again, best of luck to you, not just with Space Between Studios, but with UMLoud, you know, going into this year and whatever else may come.
You will be a PAX East as an attendee.
I am a crazy person because I'm doing PAX this week.
We leave hopefully Tuesday. Apparently this is going to be fun time weather, so we'll see.
But Tuesday, Sin and I will be going to Boston.
And it's bless Sin, her birthday is Wednesday and I'm throwing her a birthday party in Boston to which she knows no one there.
She has never met anyone there because she doesn't know anyone in Boston.
There's one friend from her from here that's also coming along with like everyone else is like, meet my friends.
Parties with strangers can be the best kind.
Yes, they can. But so so I'll be at PAX this weekend.
I think I make it make a sign that says, ask me about video games and park myself somewhere and see what happens.
Why not? Yeah, exactly. It works for the free hugs guy. I know. Right.
And then you're going to GDC and then GDC because I'm I'm a crazy person and I get back the Monday.
I mean, GDC starts Monday, but I have the Wednesday through Friday pass.
But apparently there's stuff I can go to on the Tuesday.
So I'm going to go to the it's like the Facebook day and the Google day.
It's all these sponsored ones and I figured, hey, with Pocky, come equipped with Pocky.
Why? You are right. Free candy.
You can be a stranger with candy. Yes.
OK, so and by the way, just, you know, Uncle Ed said in chat, ouch, she just hit me.
There you go. That's that's hilarious. Well, have fun at PAX East, have fun at GDC.
So apparently, if the listeners want to say hi to you at PAX East, talk to you in person about this.
Look for the guy who has the sign that says, ask me about video games.
Perfect. I'm sure at some point you will find the VOG contingent, Bobby Blackwell.
I'm sure they'll find me. They'll find you. Absolutely. Absolutely. Let's be realistic here.
There is a social media that I think you should add to the list. Tumblr.
Oh, God. Oh, oh, there is much wank on Tumblr, but much spreading of information.
Don't I'm not hating on Tumblr. I'm not I would never want to incur that wrath.
But Tumblr is almost all social media for Tumblr. Tumblr is a very interesting place.
I love the gifts. Yeah, there's a few people I thought friends that I follow on on the Tumblr.
I do not have a Tumblr. I say thanks again for being here tonight.
And you will stay and talk about the week in news. Of course, because I have opinions.
Excellent. All right. So let's talk about our gaming week. So we'll move a little quickly tonight because we are.
Because I talk forever. You know what? You know what?
You earned it. All right. Dark soccer. How was your game? What the crap else do I play?
Mass Effect 2 and Mass Effect 3. Because I was actually playing around with modding Mass Effect 2.
I love that that BioWare is like, yeah, go ahead. Mod it all you want. E a patch.
Damn it. So, yeah, I've been playing a lot of a lot more Mass Effect and a little bit more to the moon.
Because that game is absolutely. Just it causes the feels to happen.
It makes the feels happen and they hurt. And then I've been looking at a few other things.
But honestly, my job right now is going to the gym and looking for a job.
So. Yeah, that's about it. Well, then we'll move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week? Actually, I've been playing a ton of Saints Row the third, ironically enough.
And so I started playing again with my coworker, which probably getting that pretty soon because he's leaving.
We've been playing co-op on 360 with the full package and actually haven't really been playing a DLC because it sucks.
But main game. And so we've been messing around with that a little bit.
And then on PC, I, you know, finally got my car.
Well, I had my copy since that THQ sale on the humble indie bundle, THQ bundle.
And so I've been playing a heavily modded version of the game,
mainly just so I get the additional cheat that was actually missing from the console version, which was the evil car code.
I love the evil car code from the other games. And I was really sad when it wasn't in Saints Row the third.
But apparently there was a lot of rushing on that game. And so a lot of the features that they would have put in there got cut.
So I've been playing with that and having actually quite a bit of fun with it.
And going through and just trying to get all my achievements and stuff on the Steam version.
And hopefully going to do the same on the console version because I've been trying to finish missions differently.
Because I lost my save that I had. I had an in-game save with almost everything done.
And sure enough, I don't know where it is. So.
You need to save your games in the cloud.
Oh, fuck that. I am not saving shit in the cloud.
But clearly gamers want their saves in the cloud because they keep losing them.
That's what gamers want. We're hearing gamers loud and clear on what they want.
In the cloud. You know what I used to call the cloud? The internet!
That's what it is. It's a fucking internet, okay? You're saving it to a server somewhere else, okay?
Why would I want to do that when I can just save it to a memory card that I know where the fuck it is?
Oh, and hey, if the internet's down, guess what? My save still works because it's on a memory card.
And not in the fucking cloud. So, no, I'm fine not saving to the cloud.
Although I do have one cloud save right now. It's my old Minecraft save for Xbox Live Arcade.
I actually agree with you. I turn off all of my cloud storage stuff.
I am thinking about taking it out because I hate having the second option pop up all the time for saves.
I turn it on. It's not hurting anything.
What I don't like about it is that sometimes it overwrites some of my save files on Mass Effect.
Oh, well, I can see that.
So, yeah, I've been playing that and then a little Call of Duty. I'm still, you know, playing Call of Duty.
If that's it, then Seg, how about you? What have you been playing?
What do you play when you're not designing and all this other stuff?
And moving, because I also moved.
I've been slowly getting back to Team Fortress 2.
I say as I wear my Mann Co. shirt.
And I used to play on 242 Furious, which is just a crazy server.
But Floormaster, I guess, closed it down. I don't know what happened there.
So, I'm trying to find a new permanent home for a server. So, I'm shopping around there.
Any Team Fortress players want to adopt a Seg?
Yes, I have. So, it's funny when I play Team Fortress 2, because I have the rarest, most sought-after item that wasn't the gold wrench in TF2.
I have a self-made Max hat, because everyone that was working on Telltale at the time, when we were releasing Season 3 of Sam and Max,
we all got the self-made Max hat, so it sparkles, because I'm fabulous.
That was my role on this show.
You've just been out-fabbed.
And it's funny, because I'll play, and then someone will go like,
Dude, there's someone with the self-made. And we're like, dude, why is your hat sparkling?
Or, dude, can I trade for your hat?
Yes, random internet stranger. I am going to trade the most rarest hat ever to...
I'm going to assume they just don't know how rare it is, or something. I don't know.
The ones that asked do. And they're that dumb.
They actually took out the tradable flag, so I can't even trade if I wanted to.
Because there were other problems that happened. Like, someone's account got hacked for it.
So they just clamped that down.
Over a freaking hat!
I know!
People like their E-peen.
Why do you think it went free-to-play? It still makes money.
And I don't blame Valve at all for it.
And especially since they're doing it in such a way that's much more open than they could've.
Or that they didn't need to.
I mean, there was a story a few weeks ago that Newell was talking that they had to talk to PayPal.
And say, no, he isn't trading drugs. He actually is getting this from digital hats.
But anyway, so I've been playing TF2.
I've also been going back to Newgrounds and playing all the small little itty-bitty things there.
There was one in particular I was really attracted to, and I'm actually going to look it up.
It had like a death state, so you either were alive and could do certain things,
or then you died and you could do other things and then get back to life and all that.
It was a nice little...
While you find the name of that, some comments from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
sj100matt says, Segg just said he was fabulous, dropped the mic and walked away.
Yes, he did. He did do that.
Well, I didn't quite walk away. I'm kind of boxed in here in the seats.
ActDeaf is suggesting one called TF2NewbiesOnly.com.
But you're not a noob.
Oh, yeah. I know how to point and click.
All right.
Revive is the name of it.
Which is a really nice little fun game. I do recommend it.
Oh, and Harrison's like, congregate, please.
And I'm like, and please, I've been on Newgrounds.
You wouldn't have YouTube if it weren't for Newgrounds. I'll go on the record in saying that.
Because Newgrounds started when I was in high school, which was forever ago.
And it's still ticking.
You better watch it.
How old are you again? Because I think I'm a little older.
That's why I'm not saying a number.
It's all right.
But anyway, that's been most of my time.
Crawling around Newgrounds and TF2.
Oh, and moving.
Tetris in real life.
Yeah, Tetris in real life.
ActDeaf in our chat room just to clarify a previous comment saying,
it's called NewbiesOnly to welcome new players, but there are a lot of vets there.
So, to be fair to that server.
Anything else for the gaming week you want to share before we go to me?
Oh, we'll go to you.
All right. Honestly, I don't have a lot of new stuff to talk about, so I'll just be real quick.
Continuing to progress in Diablo 3.
I'm officially way further than I was before.
I'm in Act 3 now, which before the furthest I got was the beginning of Act 2.
So, yeah, I guess I'm kind of enjoying it this time.
I can't even explain it. Don't ask me why.
I think because I'm taking it at my own pace.
I'm actually exploring the auction house stuff a little bit.
Not the money auction house, but the gold one.
Trying to figure out the ins and outs on how to make money there.
And that's kind of a fascinating little meta game in and of itself.
But the real money auction house, forget it.
I mean, all that stuff is the real high-end stuff.
Otherwise, been playing Warcraft.
Yes, more Mass Effect, but playing a lot of the multiplayer this week.
I don't know. There was just kind of like a...
One night, we even did some streaming this week, didn't we, Darkseid?
Yeah, that was really...
Shane?
That was when my character was twitching and spasming on your screen.
Yeah, we were just laughing and having a good time.
We need to do more game streaming. That was actually fun.
And of course, more Tomb Raider.
I'm still getting closer to the end on that one.
And then you're going to lend it to me.
Sure, I guess, if you'll actually play it. Absolutely.
I tried playing Mass Effect, but now I bought it on PC.
That is true.
That is true.
So maybe we'll finally get Jamie to talk about another game.
If for no other reason, I will loan her Tomb Raider for that fact.
You know what, though? I love To the Moon.
Oh, yeah.
Have you played it?
Yes, you need to play To the Moon.
You need to play To the Moon.
I have not played To the Moon.
You need to play To the Moon.
I will. Yes, yes, sir.
Internet, you need to play To the Moon.
I'm probably where he's about middle-aged now.
I've just been sort of slowly going through it, but...
Have tissues.
I know. I already sobbed a little bit, because...
Oh.
But I found my favorite line.
Oh, you don't know.
I found my favorite line in the game.
It was like, that's a problem with you neurotypicals always telling us what to do.
That was my favorite line in the game so far.
I did play Civ V because I had to try it.
Somebody has built a custom mod that allows you to play as certain Mass Effect civilizations.
And my fandom...
I want to be a Krogan.
I don't know if they have those yet.
They have Asari and they have Volus.
It's kind of fun.
All right.
So I could talk like this the entire time.
Yes.
All right.
There we go.
That's that for now.
That's my gaming week.
Let's move on.
That's the best hat ever.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase RING.
Housekeeping tonight.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to follow us on Twitter or of course on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We're also on Google Plus.
We do have a great FOOGLE Question of the Week coming up later in the show,
so make sure you've answered it if you haven't already.
And I should plug that we are three weeks away from episode 500.
Still don't know how we're going to celebrate it, but we'll think of something.
That's going to be in April, won't it?
It will be in April.
It's going to be right before your birthday.
It will be.
Ooh, we should definitely have cake.
Yeah.
Jamie's like, throw me a party.
Yay.
It's my present.
Episode 500.
And I quit.
I quit.
No.
So see if somebody quits on episode 500.
That alone is worth tuning in for.
No, but I should have a diva breakdown.
It's about time for me to have one.
Yeah, I'm like, I've had at least two of those, so.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news.
What's going on in the gaming industry this week,
now that we're only an hour into the show?
Loki.
Oh, I should have talked more.
Yes.
There is a brand new Pokémon game coming out in Japan,
and I'm assuming over here at some point.
It'll probably be a console release, like a physical release,
when it comes out over here.
But Pokémon Rumble You.
It's...
No, Rumble Me.
I'm sorry, but the system is the Wii U, not the Wii Me.
Because Wii Me would be really weird.
That's what I call my cat.
If you want Pokémon to Rumble You,
you have issues of fandom beyond anything that Dark Sakura has for Garris,
I'm just saying.
You can make them Rumble You if you want,
because they do sell some individual figures that go along with this game.
That's right, it's going to be using the near-field communication technology
of the Wii U to hoard this game like Skylanders.
The inevitable has happened.
They have said,
Hey, guess what?
There's a game that involves collectible figures,
and they're making money off these figures like crazy.
Well, I like money.
We like money.
Nintendo needs more money, so that's what they're doing.
They're launching with seven figures.
Of course, one of those figures being Pikachu.
They're reasonably priced, I guess.
I guess 1,800 yen, or...
1,800 yen is the actual price of the game.
19 bucks, 20 bucks, whatever.
And the figures themselves are around 2 bucks, or 200 yen.
So 2 bucks each.
However, if you look at those figures, you're like,
Yeah, that's way too much for a figure.
They're like the Burger King figures, aren't they?
Yeah, they're like shit that you get out of a fucking quarter machine,
in the little bubbles, okay?
But they're Pokémon!
Oh, well in that case, let's charge the Pokémon Premium!
It prints money.
It's evolved into more money!
No, but they're gonna be doing this.
And my guess is this would probably launch over here in the fourth quarter,
just in time for the whole collectible figure game fad
to hit its Guitar Hero meltdown phase.
I am really curious how retail stores are gonna react to this,
because there's gonna be a point.
You know, there's already, like at the Target, or Toys R Us,
there's already like a Skylanders Isle.
So now, it's gonna...
There's gonna be Disney Infinity, there's gonna be Pokémon,
like there's gonna come a point where the retailers are gonna say,
Enough! No more.
Or it's now a competition to see which one of these we're gonna carry.
Or, here's a thought, and totally on speculation train.
You're seeing all these more physical item things,
so that sort of a bait and switch of going more digital for most things,
and then just having enough more retail presence things,
things that are justifiable beyond bits.
Hmm, interesting.
Just a thought.
Interesting.
A possible replacement for the Software Isle in the future.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Here's my thing.
Is all the Pokémon that are included in this little pack or whatever,
or the figures that they have available, they all look the same.
I mean, I'm serious.
I don't know shit about Pokémon, and I'm not about to pretend that I do,
but all of these Pokémon in the screenshot look exactly the same,
except for color palette swaps or something like that.
I mean, it's just, they all look the same.
I just thought of a fun game for a future episode of OLR,
is that we'll show Loki pictures of various Pokémon,
and say, What do you think this one's called?
It's fine, because I don't know.
As long as it's multiple choice.
I'm pretty good at guessing.
No, but seriously, I...
I'm not going to say that they're not going to make money from this,
because there's people like Shane,
that will buy anything that has to do with Pokémon,
so I'm not surprised.
And he will get other people to buy it too.
I'm sure he's super excited to hear that Pokémon Pikachu system
is coming out over here.
He's probably going to pick that up.
He was trying to convince me I needed one.
He's your pusher, man.
I'm telling you.
So, yeah.
They're going to try.
My thing is, I don't know if it's going to be successful.
And the fact that, you know...
