Orange Lounge Radio
Loserhosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, March 10th, 2013, one 10-year-old game is discovered hidden inside another, SimCity launches to connection errors in deleted cities, and could more chat functions be coming to the Wii U?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It's Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 496 for this, March 10th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and gaming culture and all that good stuff with my co-host.
First up, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers. How are you doing?
I'm a happy camper.
You're in a very good mood tonight, I can't possibly imagine why.
No, no reason at all.
Let me talk about, let me come back to that in a minute.
Also, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Who's not in a good mood tonight, has no reason to be.
I'm fine, I've fed myself.
Alright, then you're in a great mood.
I am out of soda, and even though I had this like, what is this, I don't know, large container, I am still very sad.
And it had no ice either, so it was all soda.
Whatever that was you got from Jack in the Box smelled very bacon-y.
It's a Bacon Ultimate Cheeseburger.
Bacon Ultimate Cheeseburger, alright.
Heart attack in a burger.
It's not a heart attack, please, come on, you're not gonna have a heart attack from that.
Now, if I considered, and I've been thinking about it, but it's just so much food, if I considered getting the hamburger from Lumberjacks, that is the size of like, a cake.
Pizza?
Is that that restaurant down on Howe with the giant, like, Lumberjack in front of Jack?
It's horrible, it is horrible, I've been there before.
Okay, I remember when Lumberjacks was like a Home Depot type store, is that just, am I just old?
Alright, forget it.
I don't know, but they have delicious breakfast, and they have this thing that apparently is so large that they take pictures of people that buy it, so.
By delicious you mean horrible.
It's large.
It's a man versus food type of challenge.
Yes, exactly.
It makes me think of the pho place that does the pho king challenge where you eat the, what is it, two pounds of meat and noodles in the broth or whatever?
I could do that.
Oh my gosh.
Only two pounds? That's not that bad.
No, I think it's two pounds of meat, two pounds of noodles.
It's a huge bowl.
I'd like have to not eat for a week and then go in and let my stomach explode.
Ever since my gallbladder got taken out and all those other medical issues I had a few years ago, I don't think I'm suited for those man versus food challenges.
I will leave that stuff to Loki and maybe DarkSira.
Anyhow, say hello to our chatters.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
And I'm going to our chat room, a lot of chatters talking about Loki's dinner choice tonight.
Dark Tetsuya saying, like Loki would do the show without eating something with bacon on it.
That's not true. The other, was it last week or the week before? No, it wasn't last week.
Actually, no, last week I had McNuggets from McDonald's and the week before they had cheese pizza.
So both of those have no bacon on them.
It's very possible that I would do that.
It doesn't, you don't have.
Sometimes you get on a health kick and I've seen you bring Subway in here.
The only reason, no, I still like Subway.
The only reason I didn't bring Subway is because I tend to get it with onions on it.
And that just, it stinks for like three days.
Like the amount of onions that I get.
Basically the way, like my wife has ordered Subway for me before and she, here's how she explains it to them.
Put the amount of onions that no human on earth would want on a sandwich and then like double that.
You know what, when I order one for Dan, I tell them to make it noxious.
Oh my gosh.
So they put a lot of onion on there.
I like a lot of onion, a lot of garlic.
So stinky stuff, I guess.
There's just no vampires near you.
Or like infections or something. I don't know. It's just.
All right. Well, it's not a food podcast, believe it or not.
It is a video game podcast.
Before we get into our gaming weeks and the types of things we've been playing tonight,
I thought I would give a little plug to Bobby because, you know, his show's on before ours at the Voice of Geeks Network.
I think there's like two weeks in a row I've plugged his show.
Well, I mean, we plug it every week, but this week was especially special.
And that's why Dark Soccer was squeaking earlier.
It was super special.
Because Bobby, I don't know how this man is able to get away with this stuff.
Well, I do.
And it wasn't like very special as in after school special type thing.
No, no, it was actually special.
Nor was it short bus.
No, it was actually very special.
It was special in a true form.
He had an interview tonight with Jennifer Hale, a.k.a. Fem Shep, although she's certainly done.
I mean, she has a huge resume.
She's done a lot of other stuff.
What was Marvel Marvel in the current Avengers thing?
She did one of the voices in the Old Republic.
I know she seems to turn up in a lot of video.
She was in Wreck-It Ralph.
She did background noises, but still she was a part of it.
So, you know, she's a very, very prominent game actor.
So, Bobby actually had her on the show tonight and was kind enough to name drop Jamie's Tumblr all about Mass Effect.
It's masseffecting.tumblr.com.
Blood, blood, blood, blood.
And you can find the link to my other Tumblr there, too. My main Tumblr.
But lots of activity on the Mass Effect blogs everywhere this week because of the last DLC, Sad Face.
Yeah.
That was on Tuesday.
The wank has been enormous.
Absolutely.
So much wank.
And basically, yes, the Citadel DLC has been like everybody's fanfiction ever.
It really was just a giant glob of fanfic, wasn't it?
Except Tali singing WTF.
Well, there was a whole...
There's a reference where Tali...
What was it?
There's a reference to a meme about what does her sweat taste like or something like that?
Yeah.
I mean, it was...
There's a scene...
Which, A, ew.
I've done actually the rowdy party twice.
And I've done the calm hanging out party.
And Tali ends up hungover, like piss drunk in the bathroom just saying all kinds of random things every time you click on her.
If you do the rowdy party, it's grunt in the shower, talking in his sleep, quoting Scarface.
Scarface.
It is hilarious.
That's awesome.
Well, I guess we're moving into our gaming weeks.
All I really wanted to do at the top of the show was plug Bobby's interview.
Thank you, Bobby. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
But yeah, so obviously, Citadel, big deal for you and me being Mass Effect fans.
I plopped my ass in that chair right over there.
I was actually coincidentally working from home that day, not because of...
I didn't do that because of games, so I had other stuff going on.
So I had to just walk from the office to that chair at 4.30.
I plopped there and I didn't leave until 10.30 after I'd beaten everything in that DLC.
I didn't do it multiple times, but I played from start to finish.
And it was... I kind of had a case of the feels at the end.
Oh, I did it multiple times.
I bet you did.
But I had a case of the feels.
I don't know about you, but I was getting a little choked up.
You know what? I managed to hold everything together until that one last part when it's very ended over.
And then I lost my shit.
And then I played it again that night.
Which is funny because you and I are in the same boat.
We didn't even get into the series until a year ago.
I've got other friends in the same boat.
I mean, Becky wasn't even a gamer and she's a Thane shipper.
And so there were feels.
Oh, I bet. I bet.
They did that very well, by the way.
I didn't even romance Thane.
By the time I watched the third video, I was like, that was so much fan service, I came.
Except typical guys only once.
No, no, no.
But I've actually gone through on two playthroughs of the content with who I'm referring to as my headcanon, FemShep.
And then I have my primary one who is basically rehashed off of my very, very first female Shepard, my redhead.
If anyone has looked at my blog, it's the redhead.
And I have a game file saved right after Horizon, right before you go beat Tim's ass.
You need to be a lucid fan.
And so I got to do everything with that one and I did the calmer party.
I have now five saved files at the Tango with Garrus.
Just saying.
Which you totally don't get if you are broshep and you didn't romance.
I mean, it's like a totally different scene.
You know, I went back and watched the dude version of that one and I had to say broshep is a pretty good wingman.
Yeah.
Poor, clueless Torian.
Yeah, it's like totally different, huh?
Well, I'm also doing like this sort of thing on my Tumblr for actually evaluating all the little relationship scenes.
You know, I'm doing kind of a little review of that because I didn't see anybody else doing it.
People are pretty much sailing their own ships and I'm trying to give everybody's equal coverage.
So I've been actually going through there, but there is one romance in there that totally made me feel gross.
And that's the one nightstand with Vega.
Yeah, I've heard that is not a pleasant scene to watch.
That made me feel incredibly uncomfortable.
Yeah.
I'm not going to say gross or dirty or anything.
But the fandom wanted it.
And you know what, even the shippers don't really care for it.
I bet.
But it's what, you know, it was, it just seemed a lot of it.
There was some, you know, out of character stuff.
I mean, it was really funny.
It was done the right way.
It was in character, but fourth wall breaking kind of thing.
That just didn't seem in character to me.
What is happening to this show?
I mean, seriously, what is happening to this show?
I don't even know.
I like the more you talk about this DLC, the less I want to play this game.
And I already don't want to play it.
So go back in your corner and play Earth Defense Force.
Give us our moment.
It's the look.
Look at it this way.
It's the last DLC.
No, it's not.
It's not.
Come on.
It is.
Yeah.
The last DLC.
Whoa.
Hey, we've got this thing called E3 and you guys have been at the end of this.
Yeah.
Brand new Mass Effect.
Well, it's not going to have all the characters that they've they've.
Oh, who cares?
So emotionally attached to.
I already said I am dying to go to E3 and be at EA's press conference so I can break
down sign uncontrollably when they unveil a Mass Effect 4 and Bobby will have to hug
me.
Well, they've already said they're.
Whatever.
What?
Eves.
W hands.
What Eves?
Well, I'll tell you what's happening to the show.
Gamergirl in chat says, thanks to Dark Sakura.
I am a Mass Effect 4 lol.
Yes.
One of us.
Another one indoctrinated.
Yes.
You are in my cult.
Never.
I will never play.
Join the cult of Shepard.
Right, Rob?
Yes.
OK.
Let me ask this.
This is a serious question that dives into the anti mass effecting a little bit.
Fuck balls.
People didn't like the ending of Mass Effect 3.
So the large and whole.
So I don't see the DLC as a substitute ending, but it is certainly an ending.
Well, this make up for the lackluster original ending or even.
Remember, I went back and had to watch the original ending after I watched extended cut,
which, by the way, I still hate the synthesis ending because it's all fucking space magic.
But anyway, so I.
I actually got into discussions about this with a couple of people, and it's an apology isn't really a good word for it.
You know, it's more of a you know what?
Thank you for sticking with us. We know we might have screwed up here and there.
We know it wasn't quite what you wanted it to be.
And and I'm actually going to disagree that I didn't really care for all of the writing in three.
I mean, it seemed like a pretty natural progression from two, but I didn't really care for the plot in two.
It was great game. Don't get me wrong. It just I didn't care for.
I didn't care for the whole elusive man, but I thought that was just a pain.
But I think it was more of an acknowledgment.
It was it was a little bit of. Yeah, we've been paying attention.
Here you go. For me, it was a send off.
It was very much the made for TV movie that comes out like two years after the series ended.
You know, it was kind of like the whole let's do let's do one more hurrah.
Let's have the cast of Facts of Life go to Australia for one last hurrah and they get into Blair and Tootie.
We just hang out with Blair and Joe. It would be shipping, shipping Blair and Tootie.
Put that on the back of the box. Mass Effect three Citadel DLC. It was like shipping Blair and Tootie.
Oh, Alan, if I was going to romance Cortez, then I'd have to play a dude.
I'm just not feeling it. Oh, boy.
But going going back into it, I I really enjoyed the content.
I actually enjoyed it more than Omega. And really, the things I liked about Omega was I liked Nirene's character.
And I just thought it was cool seeing Aria be a huge bitch. And then, oh, God, Rob, you're not even OK.
Leviathan was OK. I really more like just the space waifu parts of that.
Hold on. I need some background music for while you're talking about all of this.
Here, hold on. I'm going to give you some background music. I'm going to smack a bitch.
You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both and there you have the facts of life.
I mean, it is kind of the story about Mass Effect.
You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both.
And you ship everybody and everybody.
There was a comment on Tumblr where someone said Mass Effect where we're all relationships are canon.
And Charlotte Ray does kind of look like an asari a little bit.
No, no. Anyhow, but but yeah, the whole this is probably the most fun I've had in the game.
I mean, there's a lot of cool extra stuff like the arena is actually a lot of fun.
Getting to have Kasumi in my party again gives me life.
Did you find the secret box in the casino? I don't think so.
No. OK. I'm going to tell you how to everyone listen up.
Story time with Auntie Jamie. OK.
When you you know, when you go up the stairs from the bottom floor and you have the bar that's to your right,
that sort of semicircular bar, go to the end of it closest to the back wall.
There's a little device down there. Click on that one. Kasumi pops up.
I couldn't find that thing. It's upstairs.
It's in the middle level. Technically, the ground level is the flight of stairs leading into the casino.
Right. It is. No, it didn't show up in the middle for me. I looked everywhere for it.
I ran over the place and I actually found it by complete accident.
But I can tell you exactly where it is because Shane and I were having discussions on this because I never got the bonus Kasumi scene.
So but I'm actually going to go back through with my renegone, my real bitch of a character,
and try to do the whole content as a renegade just for fun, just for fun, just for fun.
All right. The people that aren't into Mass Effect are falling asleep.
Yep. All right. So let's shut up. I played something else.
Let's talk about the rest of your gaming week then. All right.
Dark soccer. How was your gaming week besides Mass Effect?
Oh, I thought we were talking about my gaming week because that was really my week.
That and fun employment, of course. But I played a little bit more to the moon.
I put it aside because like DLC after DLC kept coming out.
I really like the game to the moon. It's basically just a story that you, you know, click and pick up some things.
And that's about it. I don't really think there's any way to play the game badly,
but it has such a sweet story that I've really been enjoying it.
I'm going back and playing it quite a bit.
And I started on the last Tomb Raider game, the Guardian of Light,
since one of our listeners was kind enough to get it for me.
Oh, nice.
I didn't get very far.
Although Guardian of Light is kind of more of a side story. It's not.
Yeah. And I wanted to check it out, you know, so.
It's a good game. It's fun.
But I mean, really, the other thing that I actually did for Mass Effect type stuff was not playing the game.
I have learned how to mod Xbox files and then how to copy.
We finally got it to work. How to get original PC save files into a temp file so that they will load on the Xbox.
You're getting into the hacking a little bit.
A little bit of the hacking.
Keeping up on Loki's turf.
But.
Only this is a game he'd never touch.
But all my stuff. I mean, basically, they are legitimately played games.
I got to where I did cheat a little bit, but I mean, I was able to recreate and save them.
And I've been able to reload head morphs on to basically, you know, how I have like my shepherds typically have NPC hair and different skin textures,
things that are in the game that all I've done is unlock them with the gibbed editor.
Well, I've managed to get head morphs saved from Xbox to get them to work on PC and get my PC head morphs working on the Xbox so that the hacked data will show up.
Basically, Becky got my shepherd to work. My red head.
Nice.
And I will link a picture in the chatroom so you can see exactly how modded she is.
All right.
So that's what I've been doing.
All right.
All right, Loki, I know you're dying to talk about a different game.
So how was your gaming week?
My game week is all right. I didn't play a whole ton of things.
Maybe I did not see stuff.
I've been playing a far cry tube and still trying to recreate the part of the map that we used to play the multiplayer map from Grand Theft Auto four,
although I'm not sure if I'm actually going to be able to do it now because I'm running out of objects.
I've used about a quarter of them already and I still have to duplicate the whole building over to another spot and then build another one.
And so I think I'm gonna run out of objects before I get the map done.
So might be a whole lot of wasted time for nothing.
And then I played I was pimping it last week, the the free bundle, which you can go online, the free bundle dot com and download free games.
And they put out like a new set of games each week or so.
And so they actually had a new set.
One of the games in it was called Zenith.
And Zenith is kind of a it's a weird game, but it's fun because it reminds me a lot of like Jet Grind Radio.
It's basically this looks like this character is wearing a cowboy hat and some sort of mech suit thing, but you skate along the ground.
You can grind on the walls and all sorts of stuff.
And it has like the story that goes along with it.
But it's just a fun game and very trippy, very stylized look to it.
But it's a lot of fun.
And it also uses the Xbox 360 controller on the PC.
So definitely go check that out if you can, because it's free.
So that's the best price.
Speaking of stuff that's on PC, I happen to there was one of those.
It wasn't the humble bundle, but it was one of the other ones.
I actually pimped it out on Twitter earlier this week.
And they had Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon as one of the games you can unlock.
So I got that for five bucks.
And even though I've already beaten it on the console, I figured, you know, I think I'd try it on PC again.
And it's fun.
I actually modded the game so it unlocked the framerate from 30 to 60.
And they have some field of view mods you can do to it.
So that's kind of fun.
And other than that, we're starting to start a co-op game on the Xbox for Borderlands.
Wanted to do Borderlands 2, but that DLC just fucked up all of our games.
So I can't really start that again.
But we're going to start seeing sort of the third again and do co-op through that.
So hopefully I can get the rest of my achievements by finishing some of the missions in different ways and stuff.
And Call of Duty.
I made a record on one of my Deathmatch games.
62 kills in 10 minutes.
That's impressive.
That's a lot of murder.
It was ridiculous.
It was like my fun house of carnage.
I had so many perks up at one time.
It was not fun for them.
That's pretty much it.
That's all I kind of played this week.
Well, actdeft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Jamie talks about Mass Effect. Loki talks about Grand Theft Auto.
What will Rob talk about? Wow.
Funny you should mention that.
There was a new patch in World of Warcraft this week.
5.2.
Oops.
Look, most of the talk is on my other show.
Plug plug.
Best little Horde house in Azeroth.
Plug plug.
Live Wednesday nights at VOG Network.
Plug plug.
But I'll just quickly say yes, I explored the new patch.
A big part of the patch is that there's a new island.
Lots more dailies to do.
Which I know a lot of the fandom has collectively eye rolled at how much this expansion is relying on dailies.
But these really aren't so bad except for the fact that it's super crowded.
So the best way to do dailies, group up with friends.
So most every weeknight, like later at night, 10, 11.
Myself, Alan, Shane, and Evan who's in our Horde house guild for the other show.
We've been grouping up to do dailies every night.
And it's so much easier that way.
And just kind of looking at the new content.
Lots of little fan service-y things.
Much easier to get Elder Charms and Spirits of Harmony.
And there's this treasure room now.
So like you can get a key and you go on this quest to go on a solo scenario.
So it's actually a legit solo instance.
And it's a treasure room.
And it's just, there's all these traps everywhere.
But you have five minutes to grab as much treasure as you can.
Oh my god, it's that part from that video game show that I liked.
Where you had the Velcro vest?
Yes, they like turned that into a scenario in WoW.
Okay, I have to play again.
And there's like statues.
Is leveling any faster?
No, they didn't reduce the XP or anything.
I think there might be new heirlooms, I could be wrong though.
That's so stolen also from Borderlands, the secret armory of General Knox.
Same situation.
Well, you know what, Warcraft is really great at taking a lot of pop culture stuff and kind of implementing it in their game.
I mean, you know, it's part of what's made the game last as long as it has.
So that's all I'll say about World of Warcraft.
But yes, I've been enjoying the new patch.
Probably won't get to enjoy the new raid though.
I hear it's pretty tough.
So we'll see when the LFR version opens up next week.
Other games I've been playing.
Talked about Mass Effect Citadel already.
Not going to go back to that territory.
But I will say, you know, plopped myself down on the couch, played it start to finish.
I can't remember the last time a video game kind of just, like, commanded my attention like that.
So, you know, I know Mass Effect has its haters, but...
And they can leave. No, I'm kidding.
No, you can stay, but just realize that, you know, Shane and I were talking about it, you know, after we'd both beaten it.
And he said, you know, yes, I can replay the DLC over and over again because it's a lot like Battlestar Galactica, which I can watch over and over again.
You know what I think? I think that's a decent comparison.
It's like, the Mass Effect plot is a really good sci-fi show, like Battlestar Galactica.
But even that show has its haters too, so whatever.
The wank, Rob. The wank.
The wank.
Okay, other stuff. Brand new game.
This is a busy week for games.
I didn't even touch SimCity, which is the game everybody's talking about this week, and I don't think any of us did.
And I just...
Because I'm smart.
Well, I just, I didn't care.
Like, I haven't really played a SimCity game since...
I didn't even like SimCity 2000, to be honest.
I loved the Super Nintendo one, and the original one on PC was awesome.
And we always joke about the CD-ROM remake, but, you know, I never really got into the future SimCity games.
Three, four, I didn't really care for them.
So, when they said there was a new one and it was going to rely on your friend's input and all, like...
All this hubba-buh-buh-buh about DRM aside, which I know is a story coming up later on, we'll get into, but all that crap aside, it's like...
I just wasn't interested in the game.
Is that so wrong? That it's just a game I didn't seem interested in?
When these things cost 60 bucks a pop?
It's okay, I didn't care either.
Alright, so you know what I did spend my $60 on?
Tomb Raider.
Which in some ways was a leap of faith, because, real talk, Tomb Raider series, last few games, a little stale, right?
Last few games, all been reboots.
So, now they really have rebooted Tomb Raider, and this was, honestly, it's the kick in the ass the series needed.
It's, it's...
It's intense.
Have you ever seen, I know I've brought up this movie on OLR before, but it's the best comparison I can honestly think of.
Have you ever seen a movie called The Descent?
Scariest movie I've ever seen in my entire life.
And it's probably because I saw it on the big screen, and not everybody's going to agree with me.
But it was like, it was, it's the story about this girl who has a tragic family thing happen, so her girlfriends, they're all really big into exploring caves.
So they go into a cave, and they find this whole, like, underground, like they get trapped in there, and they're trying to find their way out, but they're not alone.
It's just, it is a tense movie, and the entire side, it's like, you are just sitting on the edge of your seat going, and like, at the end of the movie, you just have to unclench.
Seriously, it's like that tense.
Okay, Tomb Raider is a lot like that, because like, right from the get-go, I mean, you've all seen the little cutscene that the game starts with, the same thing they showed at E3, da da da.
But then it's like, it don't stop.
It's like, it's a cave-in, and now there's people on this island that are chasing you, and now, like, you start to just feel bad for Lara Croft, because bad things won't stop happening to her.
Do you remember the early, early leaks about Tomb Raider said it was a survival horror? Do you remember they leaked several years ago that this was happening, that Tomb Raider was getting rebooted, and it was going to be a survival horror game?
I don't remember that.
A lot of people kind of lost the survival horror thing, but there's a lot in common with, like, a lot of, like, jump scares, oh shit moments, like, I'm walking along the path, da da da, I've got to get to this, I've got to get to this radio tower so I can be in the transmission, I've got to go, I've got to go, I'm running, I'm running, and fuck, I'm in a spring trap, and like, now I'm hanging upside down, having to kill guards, like, it's just, like, it's like non-stop, like, stuff like that.
So, um, and on top of that, the game is kind of like a, and one of my friends said it was, like, Metroidvania type of, and I was like, really? But the more I played it, I'm like, it kind of does have that whole Metroid vibe to it, where you can fast travel back to different parts of the game you've done before, it's a giant world map, the island, and there's just hidden shit all over.
Relics, documents, GPS things you find, and just, like, like, you know, you get items that will allow you to access new areas, which is, like, a key component to, you know, any Metroid game, right, the ice beam allows you to freeze enemies and get to new parts, well, there's a rope arrow thing that you get that allows you to create rope bridges to places you couldn't access before, so, um, yeah.
It's like Link's grappling hook.
Kind of, yeah. So, I'm only about a third of the way through the game, honestly, just, you know, and I haven't even touched multiplayer, but the experience has been very good so far.
I would say maybe the only reservation some people may have is that I'm a third of the way through the game, and I've only been playing for about four hours, maybe four and a half, so the single player campaign appears to be 12 hours, maybe 15 hours tops, if you're very meticulous about everything.
So, just kind of, you know, for a $60 game, take that with a grain of salt, but, you know, it's a, it's a very, doesn't let up, um, 15 hours.
The tomb raiding is optional, which I know has said a lot of people's kind of been giving them a question mark, like, okay, what the hell is a tomb raider game where you're not actually raiding tombs?
Well, here's the deal. There's these hidden tombs that you'll find, and you can go inside, and it's basically a giant puzzle, and if you solve the puzzle, you get a treasure chest at the end that will not only give you, like, maybe an upgrade for your bow, or, you know, something like that, but it will also reveal random things on your main map that you may have missed.
Like, you missed this relic here, you missed this document here, and dah, dah, dah, dah. So, yes, the tomb raiding is optional, but if you're going to go for 100% completion rate, that stuff's going to go a very long way in doing so, so, you know.
And again, I haven't even touched multiplayer, haven't heard good things about it, but I want to refrain from making further comment until I've actually had a chance to try it myself.
I really don't want to play with strangers. I want to try to get some VoG people. Anybody got Tomb Raider for 360? Because we need to have a night on Tomb Raider pretty soon.
What else do I see about Tomb Raider? There was another negative thing I had to say. Oh, here's the negative.
I want to find whoever invented the shaky cam technique and punch them in the face. There's a lot of shaky cam, especially in the beginning of the game. It's lessened itself a little bit now that we're, you know, a little ways in the game, but the very beginning of the game had a lot of shaky cam, and, like, I don't usually get sick playing video games, but I was, like, going, like, I had to close my eyes and look down and listen and be, like, fucking stop with the shaky cam.
I think that person works for MTV.
Perhaps. So I want to be able to turn that fucking shaky cam off. Like, it's just, it's in some of the cut scenes where I'm just, like, okay, I get that you're trying to build intensity and drama, but, like, you're building stomach acid in my stomach, and I'm about to barf from all this, so stop.
But, you know, I can always look away. It didn't detract from the game as a whole, but I did want to kind of just point that out, like, stop. Stop shaky cam. Stop it.
Dungeonbuster in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, thanks a lot, Blair Witch. That's from Dungeonbuster.
Degenerate Johnny says, shaky cam equals JJ Abrams. Yeah, thanks a lot, JJ Abrams.
Tigerclaw says, Rob, any lens flares? No, not that I've seen. Not that I've seen. You do get a torch.
Shaky cam's more of, it wasn't, maybe it wasn't Michael Bay. It was the guy that did Gladiator. Remember, Gladiator was very shaky cam, too, and that kind of got popular after that.
Ragenator in chat says, there's one thing missing from Tomb Raider games, a full-on lesbian scene. Oh, you silly boys.
Tigerclaw says, I hear you can play the entire game using just the bow. Hypothetically, I guess you could. It's more fun to use the machine gun, but okay. Play however you want.
Dungeonbuster also says, it's a torrent of bad news that never ends for Croft in the reboot. It's great.
Yeah, you know, all these things you were hearing about in the preamp about how you will see how Lara Croft had to toughen up and all this. It's like, yeah, yeah, I can see it. I can definitely see it.
Alright, anyhow, that's enough. That's all I want to say about Tomb Raider for now. I'll let you know more when I actually beat the game.
Let's get to housekeeping tonight. Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r, and you can also follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, and we're on Google+.
I don't think we have anything else really big coming up show-wise. I should go ahead. I was going to do this at the end of the show, but I'll plug it now.
Next week on the show, an old friend of ours is going to be back to visit, and the cool thing is he's actually going to be here live in studio. He's driving in from the Bay Area.
It's our pal Seg. You may remember Seg is one of the masterminds behind Umlaud, the charity event, Rock Band Night for Child's Play, in December.
So we're going to talk to Seg about some of the stuff that he's doing when it's not December, because even though I'm sure planning Umlaud takes all year, he's really not in that mode right now so much.
He's working on some other projects, and we're going to talk to him about that, and one of the big, big things we're going to talk to him about is starting your own game studio.
Which, Dark Soccer, you've actually been involved with this a little bit as well, right?
I've done logo design.
Yeah, for Seg's project. So we're going to talk to Seg about starting a gaming studio and what his whole vision is and all that, and we'll talk to him next week about that. Looking forward to having him.
You should have heard me yell at my computer.
What, the designing?
I would get one thing perfect, and it was missing something, so I would go back and try to re-tweak it and lose everything I did, and it was awful, and I would scream obscenities.
Well, but you worked your way through it, so we'll interview Seg about any obscenities he may or may not have yelled.
I didn't yell any at him, because he's nice.
I know, I know, he is very nice. Okay, anyhow, let's get into gaming news then. We will start off with Loki, with what's going on in gaming news this week.
Uh, so there's a lot of stuff coming out about Steam Box. If they were showing some of those piston computers and stuff, man, a thousand dollars for that thing. Nope, not gonna buy it.
But yeah, the Xi3 is one of the first Steam Box computers, or third-party Steam Boxes, not necessarily something made by Steam, or Valve, but it's to spec, I guess.
I don't know, but a thousand dollars, man, for something that's just a really small form factor, I would just spend probably less than that and make something even better spec-wise.
And who cares if it takes up a little extra space. You know, full tower, you can put it inside of a TV stand, you'll never notice it.
But one of the things that they're saying they could do is that the Steam Box could actually expand the PC landscape, and this is according to the hardware manufacturer MSI.
They do a lot of third-party graphics cards and motherboards.
But basically, it's kind of expanding the PC landscape in terms of slowly pushing the gap between the average console user that may not ever want to touch a PC versus some of the hardcore PC gamers that will never want to touch a console.
Basically, if we can get more users to accept the fact that, hey, you can buy a PC and have incremental upgrades, that would be a big impact on the gaming performance.
And if people actually realize that, then that would expand the PC gaming market by several magnitudes.
See, now, I kind of agree with that. I've kind of, aside from my laptop being able to play a little bit more recent games, my older laptop, I actually spent like, I want to say $1,700 on the thing.
I mean, it was pretty beefy at the time because of the max-out crisis pretty well.
But then like two years later, it's just junk because you'd have to upgrade everything in order to be able to play something on it.
That's the only thing that kind of holds a lot of people back, I guess, from buying a PC to game on is because, oh hey, cool, I've got this awesome PC I spent a lot of money on.
Oh crap, now I've got to buy another $300 graphics card. Oh, now I've got to buy some more RAM. Oh, I need the upgradement processor.
Well, the upgradement processor, I've got to upgrade my motherboard. And now I've got to buy another graphics card.
Wouldn't that also just randomly go with a regular PC anyway?
That's what I'm saying. I'm talking PC in general, I'm not necessarily saying Steam boxes. I'm just saying that that's what holds people back a lot of times.
And I think originally with the Steam box, it was kind of this, okay, listen, we're going to put out this thing that's going to cost an X amount of money and it's going to be able to run everything on Steam or whatever these games are going to be.
Also, they're saying that Valve is actually going to be sharing some of the Steam box prototypes within the next few months.
They're going to be giving them to customers or developers or whatever, but I guess they're going to be out there in the next few months, so we'll hopefully get to see some of those prototypes.
And hey, if you happen to be interested in the piston, you can get $100 off of it right now. That's right, $100.
And then it'll run you, what, $999? I don't know. And also, you can get an extra 128GB solid state drive for, or I guess you upgrade the 128GB solid state drive to 512GB for $750. That's really nice.
Yeah, seriously, if you're going to make a PC that's going to run on your TV, just build a PC because all graphics cards nowadays, they output the HDMI, just shove it next to your TV, done.
No need to pay extra money for this really small PC.
We've had a computer hooked up to our TV for the past seven years. Oops.
All right. Well, we are going to switch gears here a little bit before we get into the next story.
You know, Orange Lawns Radio, it is the show where every gamer has a voice, and many of these voices are going to be coming together at PAX East next week.
Or is it next weekend? No, it's in two weeks. I don't even know.
Soon.
Soon. The very gaming term of soon. We're on the wrong coast. I wish I was going.
But we have one of the folks that's going to be at PAX East. I want to bring onto the show, it's somebody kind of special, somebody well known, not just for her cosplay, but for a very cool achievement of sorts when it comes to the Omega-thon with PAX.
So I want to give our buddy, and this is one of Rama's buddies, I'm very excited he let us have her on the show.
Our buddy from Anime Jam Session, Plug Plug Tuesday Nights. This is Pork Buns, but we can call her Tina.
And we're going to get her on the line right now and talk a little bit about PAX East and what's going on.
She sounds delicious.
Hey Tina, you there?
Yes I am. And I heard that bit about me being delicious.
Well, Pork Buns are delicious. Magically delicious.
Yes they are.
Well welcome to the show, Tina. How are you doing?
I'm doing alright. I am slightly exhausted from sculpting for eight hours, but I think I'll be fine.
What exactly are you sculpting?
I am sculpting the mask for Corvo from Dishonored, and I'm doing a clay sculpt of it before I do a mold of it and then cast it.
Now, my understanding is that, and you'll have to excuse me, I'm on the wrong coast, so I don't get to a lot of cons on the East Coast,
but my understanding is you do some real bang up awesome cosplay at a lot of the East Coast cons.
Is there some characters that you've done that folks may recognize you as, our East Coast listeners?
I think most people know me as the Amon from Legend of Korra. I know that's been passed around a lot.
And I've also done the Journey cosplay from the PSN, the PSN indie hit.
Oh, of course.
So I've done that, and I've also designed a tutorial so people might know me from that too.
Basically no one sees my face.
But I see your face on Skype right now. It's a pretty face. You should show it.
Now, Journey on PlayStation Network, am I right? You actually got complimented on this by some important people, right?
Yes, we got a feature done. Me and my friends, Chris, Morgan, Kate, and Nicole, we got featured on Kotaku,
and we've also gotten some attention from the company that made it, which is That Game Company,
and of course the Grammy nominated composer, Austin Wintory. So we got some buzz for that, which was really nice.
That is amazing. Especially, you know, a lot of people have been talking about Austin Wintory and the whole Grammy nomination.
I mean, Journey has just been the game of the year, and everybody's wanted a piece of their time.
So for them to acknowledge you like, hey, this girl does some awesome cosplay, that's got to feel great.
Oh, yeah, absolutely. And it's even better when no one can see my face.
All my popular cosplays, so-called popular cosplays, no one ever sees my face.
Is that a trademark thing? You sound very proud of that, that nobody sees your face.
I do, I do, because I feel like I give, I take away that control for someone to judge how good I look,
and I'm just like, well, you can't judge because there's something covering my face. So I'm forced you to look at my craftsmanship.
Actually, I have a friend who has a, and had an excellent costume, but it was, um,
go as a larva at AX for a few years in a row, and had an excellent costume.
But it was from Vampire Princess Miyu, I don't know if you've seen it, Rob.
No, no.
But yeah, she used to do a larva costume just for the sake of showing off the good costume and not having to, you know, with the mask and everything.
Yeah, exactly, because I feel like when people, when you have your face out there,
people tend to look at whether you look similar to the character, whether you're good looking, whether you're bad looking,
if there's any kind of flaws in your face, and I just take that control from people when I have a mask costume,
so that's why it's my favorite thing to do.
That's a very powerful way of looking at it, I'm just like, I'm kind of like, that's a neat way to look at it.
Throw it the opposite way with my bikin costume a few years ago, I showed off my rack so no one would look at my face.
I don't know if that's the same thing there.
My husband hated that costume.
Well, let me ask this, because I know, I get a little, I see where the cosplay community has got to find this irritating,
but you know there's those websites and they do nothing but they go to cons and they take pictures of, and I'm using my air quotes,
hot chicks and, you know, dressed as Mai and Chun Li, not that there's anything wrong with that, you know, those are great characters and so forth,
but, you know, when you focus on that, like, that's not cool, right?
Well, to each their own and, you know, for people who can show off their body and they're comfortable with that,
that's fantastic, really, really fantastic for them, I'm just not that kind of person,
and I like to be as, kind of, float by and have people just recognize me for my craftsmanship because that's what I really care about, so.
Well, I don't like to show off my body either and the internet is very thankful for that, so.
So are the rest of us, Rob.
I've actually checked out some of your costumes, I think that your work is impeccable.
Actually, I wanted to ask you about something. Have you seen that material that they put out that's in the jar?
What's that stuff called? It's like $10 and it's supposed to be, not like Sculpey, but you pour it in the mold and you'll bake it,
and it's supposed to be really inexpensive. I was actually wondering if you had an opinion about that or if you've ever used it.
No, I don't think I've actually heard of a material like that, but it sounds really interesting and I would love to give it a try.
I posted something about it a long time ago on my Tumblr, I'll have to find it for you, but what do you usually do for your sculpts?
Do you do like a vinyl or resin or?
Actually, this is the first time I've done a clay and mold thing.
For most of my masks, I used to use a combination of a thermoplastic, for example, like Wonderflex,
or the new popular material right now, Worbla, and put paper clay on top of it, which is basically a very, very fine paper mache.
But for this mask that I'm making, what I'm doing is I'm actually taking a modeling clay so it never dries,
and I'm going to do a brush-on rubber silicone mold and I'm going to cast it out of, I believe it's a resin, I'm not exactly sure, it's called Smoothcast.
It's a really lightweight, very, very durable material, it's really, really hard to sand though, so I'm not looking forward to that.
I haven't done cons in quite a while, but I told you this before, Rob, I'm actually planning on doing a Shepard cosplay myself.
Oh my.
But I have a friend who is a ceramic sculptor, and I was actually going to have her make my helmet and part of a ceramic.
That sounds pretty good, yeah.
Are you a Mass Effect fan, Tina?
I'm a huge Mass Effect fan.
Are you on Tumblr?
Another one.
I am on Tumblr, yes.
We'll have to talk later.
Your Mass Effect fans do nothing for me, I don't care.
You know what, Tina, that's the reason we were running late tonight, is the guy before us here at VOG Network tonight had an interview with Jennifer Hale, and we couldn't shut up about it.
That's why we were running late.
I had some serious sand girl ink.
That's understandable.
Alright, well Tina, something else I want to talk to you about, which I'm sure we definitely have our listeners that are into cosplay and so forth, but there might be some that don't follow that as much, but they're certainly following what's going on at the various conventions, and we're going to have quite a few people and listeners that are going to be at PAX East who are going to get to see you participate in this year's Omega-thon, right?
Yes, that's correct.
You are one of the Omega-nauts for the Omega-thon, but what people may not know, or maybe they do, is that this is not going to be your first time at the rodeo, right?
No, unfortunately not. They're dragging me back into the fire because I was a runner-up last year.
Ah, so Tina was actually the runner-up of last year's Omega-thon, and if I am not mistaken, I have heard that you are the first female to make the finals.
Actually, that is untrue.
Oh, no.
I am only the second female to make Omega-thon. The record was broken by Cassandra Leis two years ago, so she made it to the finals, too, and I was only the second one to make it, and then there was another female that made it to the finals for this Prime, and I believe she was the first one for Prime.
Somebody lied to me, but you know what? It still does not lessen the girl power any, so that's three PAXes in a row, so, I mean, congratulations, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
So, what was the game that unfortunately knocked you out of contention last year? What was it?
This game called Crokinole. It's a, well, it's a Canadian game, and the best way I can describe it is like hand-curling. It's like curling, but you're using your fingers instead.
And what happened was we were head-to-head for a while, and unfortunately, my partner, Michael Toland, he had done one shot that gave them 30 points, like, off the bat, and they won it, and we were like, oh, well, that's what happens. You don't play a game, like, ever.
What was your reaction when the game was unveiled? Because it's always a mystery what the big last game is going to be at the Omega-thon, and it's always unveiled right at the last minute.
While you're there on stage, what was your reaction when they showed, oh, it's this obscure Canadian, it's not even a freaking video game?
No, it isn't. Well, before, what they did was they teased us beforehand by playing the Canadian national anthem, which they had Jonathan Coulton sing for us.
I love him.
No, I love him, too. And we were watching it, and we were just like, oh, crap, what the hell is it? And when they revealed it, I think we all looked at each other as, like, what the F?
Like, we were all dressed up really mobile, just in case it was a mobile game or something, and we were all having, like, we were like, oh, is it a video game? Is it going to be the claw machine? Is it going to be something obscure?
And we looked at each other, and we were like, I don't have any clue what the hell this is.
So you just had to roll with it.
Yeah, I mean, we all had to roll with it, and, you know, apparently we gave them a good show because it was pretty much head to head up until the toad.
Is that tough to do in that arena where there's just all those people, or are you able to just block it out and be like, I gotta focus on the game, or does that, is that really just a huge distraction when it's all those people?
Well, I'm used to being on stage in much more embarrassing situations because I've been in cosplay skits and cosplay events and stuff, and, yeah, it wasn't as hard.
So it's like all your years of cosplaying helped you prepare for that moment.
I was hamming it up, though. I was giving, like, Hunger Games signs, like the three finger salute to people in the front, and people were, like, cheering for me, starting chants and stuff. It was really fun.
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
Pretty much.
So do you know what games are going to be involved with this Omega-Thon at PAX East in a couple weeks?
Yes. They revealed it to us last week. The first one is Bomberman, the live version, the one that's on Xbox Live Arcade. The second one is NBA Jam, also the On Fire edition. And then the third round is Jenga.
Oh, no. Yeah, they usually throw a board game or something in there. I've seen Jenga before. So what are you doing to prepare? Are you preparing at all, or are you just, like, eh, I'm going to wing it?
I'd be perfect. I'd be perfect for Fortnite.
I was actually just practicing with my friends. I have a friend named Norm who is a tournament winner of Bomberman, so he's been coaching me, and all we're really missing is Eye the Tiger playing in the background.
But I'm terrible. I'm terrible right now. I have just made a pass not killing myself, and Jenga I don't think I can prepare for at all, and NBA Jam I'm going to move on to as soon as I feel like I don't suck abysmally at Bomberman.
Can I give you a hint on Jenga that doesn't involve Ibuprofen?
Sure.
Practice with your left hand.
That's a good, that's a very good tip. I'll have to practice that.
