Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, March 24th, 2013, new games are shown at PAX East
Wii U shop age restrictions are lifted in Europe
and could an exploit in Origin allow malicious code on your PC?
Orange Lounge Radio
Yeah, it's called Origin. Hi!
Hey, that was my line.
Hello, everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live for this March 24th, 2013, the 498th episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining over the next few hours to talk about video games with my co-host.
Please say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I'm eating something evil thanks to Loki.
And I totally stole her joke and it was funny.
You bitch.
I know. Here, here's a quarter for that joke. Here's a cup of coffee for that joke.
I love this coffee. It's very delicious.
Alright, also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I ate so many breadsticks that my head hurts now.
Who's bringing the food? Supply and Oil, our studios with breadsticks.
I ate most of it. It's just I couldn't finish the last two. I mean, ten was enough.
You guys didn't know this, but every week at OLR is a potluck, you know, where everybody brings a dish.
I bring the coffee, which is funny because Loki doesn't drink coffee.
Loki brings the pizza and breadsticks and DarkSakura brings...
Healthy stuff.
Gross.
Salad and Chinese food.
Who wants that? Chinese food isn't that healthy.
I bring you coffee sometimes.
It depends what you get at Chinese food, right? Depends what you get.
I went to Panda and I had the Mandarin chicken with no sauce over vegetables and fried rice.
Delicious.
Alright, we're not a food show, believe it or not, but we are a show about video games.
I'm sure PAX East, on a lot of your minds, we're going to be talking about some of the news that came out of PAX East.
Sadly, I didn't get a chance to go this year.
I went to PAX East the very first year, which was, I think, 2010, right?
I went to PAX East that year. I had a great time.
Sadly, it's a little tricky to get out to Boston from here, you know.
That's a bit of a plane trip.
And just with my day job and everything, there was no way I was going to get out there this year.
But I'll tell you what, y'all made me jealous through your Twitter updates and your forum posts and all that stuff I was watching.
Y'all made me jealous I wasn't at PAX East.
But keep the pictures coming.
I saw a lot of VOG people, it looked like, were in somebody's hotel room drinking responsibly, I hope.
Playing Cards Against Humanity at 3 a.m., pictures were going up.
So, good times.
Very happy to see that all you guys are having a good time.
I know we had some of our shows at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Remember, Orange Launch Radio does tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network or VOGNetwork.com.
Every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
Not tonight, though, because Bobby is one of those folks that was at PAX East and he's on a plane home right now.
Yeah, Bobby. So this is now the Mass Effect show.
I think the entire group from Anime Jam Session was there.
I think Rama, Giovanni, Ari Rockefeller, they were all there.
And Critical Myth, I know, was there.
Let's see, we're trying to think who else from VOG shows.
I think that was it from the show shows, because obviously the gals from Britain didn't come out for it.
And British Invaders, ones in Canada, ones in Britain.
I don't think they went out for it either.
But certainly a lot of shows. So they'll be giving you some updates throughout the week.
I'm hoping some of our regulars, because a lot of our regulars were there.
Misty was there, Matt was there, Rama was there.
I'm hoping to get some calls from people a little later on tonight to talk about PAX East and all that good stuff.
For now, though, we weren't there. We're going to get into the big news that came out of PAX East in a little bit.
I have to ask, because this is what I ask every time there's a PAX...
What was the Megafon event this year?
Oh, I was watching SEG's Twitter and he posted it and I forgot already.
It didn't sound like a new game or anything to me.
Maybe somebody in chat can help us out there.
Live.vognetwork.com is our chat room.
And act deft in our chat room live tonight, confirming yes, Critical Myth, AJS, and Bobby Blackwall for all there.
So, awesome. I'm looking forward to hearing their commentary on the show throughout the week.
But the real party is here.
That's right. And as we get closer to our 500th episode here at Orange Lounge Radio.
One thing I wanted to talk about tonight, we were talking about just before we went live tonight.
We were kind of looking back because, what was it? Somebody joined chat.
What's this guy's name? Catastrophic Moggy joined chat.
Yes.
And I was getting that name confused in my head with a guy that used to be here locally that was Moogle Hunter.
I think it was his name or something like that.
Yes.
So we were talking about all these people from, I'm talking like the old school O.L.R. days.
Like back when we had the edit contest of the DDR machine and some of the people we had on the show.
Like I was talking about, remember Rick and Paul and Dave, I was thinking about them.
And we were thinking about it. We're like, God, I wonder where they are now.
And I think Jamie had started to say, well, they were in high school or something like that.
I was going to a high paid school.
Oh, and I was like, oh, my God, like Dave was like 17 back when the show started.
He's like 27. He probably has kids now.
So here's my little request for what it's worth.
And another old school person is in the mailbag tonight.
And I know we're going to get to that later.
I would really love to hear from some of these really old school people that used to be on the show a long time ago.
My house is open to you all that can make it on April 14th, which is the big show.
Bring me birthday presents.
No, just so y'all know, no show next week.
I'm registered.
Easter, Episode 499 is April 7th.
Is that right? Yeah, April 7th. And then Episode 500 is April 14th.
So I would really love for the old school people to show up.
I would love to see Anita, who I know is the DDR angel, if she can make it.
You know, just some of the old school people would crack me up.
I chatted with her on Steam the other day. Yeah, it was nice.
Yeah, yeah, I see her. I see her hubby on Google Plus all the time.
We sometimes exchange our recipes and things, too. Sometimes.
Yeah, I know she runs a blog now and all that.
Her blog is awesome. It's called The Eco Maker.
Anyone who wants good home stuff, check it out.
It was Space Team. Space Team. Is that an old school game?
No, it's a new Android mobile game. It's a cooperative team game or something.
I don't know.
I heard a girl won, which is interesting because it was not Pork Buns.
It was on the show last week, two weeks ago.
The gal we had on the show last week, sadly, she got eliminated the first round in Bomberman.
It's the curse of coming on OLR.
Come on this show after you're done with your competition.
Remember when we had that girl from The Tester on the show and then she was off the show?
She was after it, though.
That's true. It was all pre-taped.
Yeah.
I still like to think there's a bit of a curse here at Orange Lounge Radio.
So, yes. Episode 500, I want you old school Sacramento's DDR community.
I want you guys here in the house.
I remember trying to register that as an address.
Oh, really?
Why I had to get Sacbimani instead.
You know who I know?
Because some Catholic organization registered it.
You know who I know would come?
Who?
And who I am friends with on Facebook and I literally haven't seen.
We just keep in touch on Facebook. Miss Janae.
And she married Dark Child. Did you know that?
Yes. And she has a little one.
Yes. They had a baby.
Yes.
This show is so fucking old.
I don't have a baby. I have a cat.
She's a lot better than a baby.
I have a cat, too. I love kitties.
She doesn't drool on me. However, she does chew on cords.
Loki has a baby. Well, not even a baby anymore. He's like a toddler.
You guys weren't bowling the other day, right?
You have a small person.
He's like almost three.
Oh, my God. The video was adorable, though. The bowling.
Did you guys have fun?
That's a short video.
Yeah. The long video. Yeah.
He didn't let us bowl.
Because we have the little ramp thing.
Because he can't carry the ball.
I mean, the latest ball is like six pounds.
He might be able to carry that, but I'm not going to have him carry a big ball that's got the oil from the lane on it and stuff.
You know, with his feet. No, that's not a good idea.
So he had fun just pushing it down the little ramp so that it would knock stuff over.
But he wouldn't let us have a turn.
I managed to bowl twice and my wife once and he bowled like, you know, two whole games worth of, you know, turns for three people.
Catastrophic Moggy in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
What is this? A show about gaming or a trip down memory lane?
Now, I'm sure that comment is tongue in cheek and you don't really mean anything negative by it.
But you know what? When you've been gaming with the same crowd for so long.
And, you know, you guys have to remember when we did the DDR stuff, we were really heavy into Dance Dance Revolution.
We would meet at the arcade every Wednesday.
It was it was like clockwork every Wednesday or whatever day it was at the time.
We'd go, we'd play some DDR for a few hours.
Then we'd go and have dinner, sit down.
You kind of build up a little bit of a family.
So, yeah, you know why? It is a little more than just video games.
It's about family, just like a lot of my second cat.
A lot of the same people turn up here and chat every week.
I'm on my second cat.
I know. We've been through a lot.
But we'll reminisce more in a couple of weeks.
Memory all alone.
You just want an excuse to sing songs from cats.
All right. Let's see. That's it.
I think for the pre-week gaming banter, we'll get into the actual news from PAX East in a minute.
But we're going to start off the show tonight, as we do always, talking about our gaming weeks
and the video games that we've been playing this week.
DarkSakura.
Of course, I played Mass Effect because I got the high-res mod working on Mass Effect 3.
You have all of it.
No.
OK.
It's OK.
I played, yeah, I played Mass Effect 3, got the high-res mod working,
and then it started crashing whenever I would do the Tango.
And I figured out that the problem was my coalesced.
And I was what was doing it to me.
Because I had everything set by the old version of the high-res mod.
And the new version doesn't require you to change any of your texture settings in the coalesced file.
So I went and used my old coalesced file. Everything worked fine.
The only problem that I have with it is that it makes all of James' textures black.
Just like the textures won't load on him.
So I still don't know how to fix that.
Otherwise everything works and it looks beautiful.
Tango down. Tango down.
But the cool thing about this mod is that one of the textures that comes with it
is one where you can sort of see Tali's face through her mask.
And she's got the extra little bits they photoshopped on that one picture in Mass Effect 3
if you happen to be romancing her.
So I thought it was a neat touch.
She's got the little bits on her eyebrows.
So anyway, I also played some Mass Effect 2.
Which I have now figured out how to use Ashley's skin and hair.
Except with a completely different face structure so it doesn't quite look like Ashley.
And I'm using Morin's outfit.
So I've been playing around a little bit.
I've gotten the game to crash once. I was proud of myself.
And then... I'm not doing the fandango act daft.
I also started The Secret World.
And the problem is that I've had a sinus infection all week.
As I've said on a previous episode, this time of year, sinus infections.
Like you wouldn't believe. Allergies all over the place.
And so I got through the very beginning of the Templar scenario.
And then I was like, oh my god, gunfire. My head hurts.
I can't look at this anymore. Bleh.
So...
The Secret World's at MMO. I remember playing this too in beta.
Is it totally free now? Or is it paid a Guild Wars model?
You can pay a subscription and get all the premium shit.
Or you can buy a few things here and there.
I just have the completely freebie model.
And it's okay. I haven't gotten too much into it. The control's alright.
But I did sign up for the next Final Fantasy XIV beta.
So hopefully that'll work out for me.
I haven't cancelled WoW yet. Every time I think I am, I was like, oh but I'll miss everybody.
Just a tip on that Final Fantasy XIV beta though.
If you do get in, it's under NDA. And you're not even supposed to say if you're in the beta.
I know.
Trust me, it would be a real shame if you got into the beta for Final Fantasy XIV.
You couldn't talk about it on this show.
Even though you very much wanted to talk about everything that you were seeing in the beta.
But you couldn't do that if you're under NDA. Trust me, I've heard from very close, very respected, very handsome sources.
All I said is that I applied for it.
I applied and said, yeah, I own every single one of these consoles that's on this list. What's your point?
Except for the 3DS and the Vita. I own the good consoles on that list.
Hey, the Vita and the 3DS are cool.
And god, I was going to play Mirror's Edge and Dan's like, you're going to throw up, you're going to get sick, don't play it, you're going to get sick, you're going to get sick.
I'm like, fine, I'm going to play it.
Yes, the show is on whoever you are, VOG155.
Tell us about your week. Don't re-chat.
Well, shit.
Yeah, I played Mass Effect 3. Shut up, Raginator.
So, uh, yeah.
Alright, see, they derail you when you go to look at chat when they're in mid-science, it derails you.
It's just, most of the time, I didn't really have much of an energy to play much of anything.
Just because I was on so many damn sinus medicines.
Like, I was on Daquil, Sudafed, Benadryl, and Allegra in various doses, and then Nyquil.
Well, get better, dammit.
I feel much better today. It's just, my nose feels like it's, you know, the Sahara.
ActDeft is asking about Mirror's Edge. Was that something you were supposed to start this week?
Yeah, that's what I was going to start this week was Mirror's Edge.
And that's the one that Dan says, you're going to get sick.
I'm like, fine, I'm going to get sick, meh.
It's pretty, though.
Yeah, I'm going to play it. I just want to wait until, because the other problem is that all this week I've had bad equilibrium issues.
And I don't know if I've made it evident to our lovely listeners yet, I've started drawing again.
And we actually rearranged the vault slash computer room to where I have my year old desk, pretty much, the table.
And there is my drawing surface. So I've actually been dedicating quite a bit of time to rebuilding lost skills.
And it's been, but I've been trying to, when I play a game, if I'm, you know, pausing at a point in it,
I'm actually starting to sketch out what's on my screen, just to sort of help me with proportion and space and distance and that type of thing.
It's been a pretty interesting exercise. But I figured my first love has been, you know, video games and art. So why not?
And your second love is Garrus.
My second love is Dan. Garrus is third.
Alright. Loki, how was your-
Oh, followed by the Guardian Legend.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Let's see, I played Garry's Mod this week. I actually bought that on their little Steam sale that they have for some indie stuff. It was only three bucks.
And I was trying to get to work with the game, you know, the Xbox 360 controller.
And it's a little awkward because they don't have the keys mapped out quite correctly. So I couldn't really do a whole ton.
And also I kept losing my gravity gun, which was kind of annoying because I can't arrange stuff without that.
And so basically all I was able to do was throw a large iron beam in the air and crush myself with it.
And so that was kind of boring.
Instead I went and tried to- well, that kind of prompted me to look into some other games that supported controllers.
And I had Cave Story Plus, which I knew that supported controllers, but for some reason I couldn't find-
I didn't look, I guess, for the options for the controller support.
And then I found it, and so I started playing that. And so I'm enjoying that quite a bit.
I also played more Saints Row the Third, both on PC and Xbox 360.
And going through grinding through the activities, man. I hope the next game doesn't do that.
Oh, let me introduce you to these activities that you've played before. They didn't do that in the second game.
They didn't even do that in the first game. They just had the activities there.
The third game, half the missions are just like, hey, you have to do this activity for this reason,
even though it doesn't really quite apply to the game.
Before Saints Row 2 and 1, it was like drug trafficking. Now it's merchandise trafficking.
It's like, really? Come on, these guys are like big time gangsters now, and we're trafficking merchandise?
Like bobbleheads and shit? That's kind of stupid.
Or, you know, oh, hey, you're kind of even going along with that.
There's like an escort mission where you have to escort them with a chopper.
It's like Guardian Angel is what it's called.
And half the time you're firing rockets out of the side of a helicopter,
and then the other time you're, for some reason, repelled down the side of a building and sniping.
Like, you could snipe on top of the building.
You have to repel down the building a little bit for some damn reason to snipe.
Because, you know, snipers never take position on roofs. They always repel halfway down the roof, you know.
It just makes no sense.
And it's one of the things I didn't really like originally in the game.
That and the Saints book activities are kind of annoying too, but I haven't gotten to that again yet.
Which is why I'm so pissed off that I lost my save in the first place, because I had all that shit done.
I was one activity, or one car theft away from completing all of the activities and all the Saints book stuff.
And then, of course, you know, lost my save.
So, that was fun.
Unfortunately, I also had Bioshock Infinite to play.
Haven't gotten the chance to do that, because I was cooking this morning.
And also the Defiance Beta on 360.
But, by the time I get to play it, the beta is going to be over and Defiance will be out next week.
Or, the week after next.
All those Bioshock Infinite reviews ought to start hitting tomorrow, right?
Because the game's out Tuesday?
Yeah.
Am I right? Yeah.
Well, I mean, there was the one from IGN, because, you know.
They bought it.
Yeah, they bought it.
But I'm sure the game's great.
It's going to be fantastic.
I'm sure the game's great, yeah.
Unlike the Walking Dead game, holy shit.
That's been a source of comedy this week, hasn't it?
It's like, yeah.
EA's been, I bet they're glad that, you know, the Walking Dead game.
It's like, seriously, one company after the next.
I wonder who's going to have this shitty game next.
Is Injustice going to be any good?
I hope so.
Or, like, you know, maybe Defiance.
Because it is based off a sci-fi series.
So, that's not absolutely positive.
Yeah, my money's on Injustice, actually.
But, we'll see, we'll see.
I can't shade a game.
Dead Island Riptide, maybe.
I can't shade a game I haven't played Saints Row IV.
That's a ways away.
Some of the feedback coming out of PAX East is pretty good.
Again, I can't shade a game I haven't played.
That's the thing, that's what's confusing me.
Because, like, I've been, you know, I'm going to buy Saints Row IV.
Just because...
You're a whore for Saints Row, and that's fine.
I like Saints Row, but at the same time, what they've shown me
isn't necessarily giving me the most confidence that this game's going to be good.
Like, first off, Saints Row III, I really wish it was more toned back towards 2.
2 was the best.
It was, like, the best, you know, balance between, like, a gritty game
and, like, you know, ridiculous, you know.
But then 3 just, like, we're just going to go crazy.
And then 4, like, we're going even crazier.
Oh, and we're going to have a...
A dubstep gun.
Come on, that's hilarious.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
That's funny.
We're going to have a...
We're going to have a...
Was it a...
A lot of DLC, basically.
I'm like, yeah, I remember the DLC from Saints Row III.
Your 20-minute mission.
I need someone who is at PAX East and played the game to call in and tell...
No one played the game.
No one played the game.
They watched a video.
Oh.
A short video.
It wasn't playable?
Nope.
10-minute video they watched.
It would have been playable, but anyway.
That's why it's not coming to the Wii.
It's not because they fucking hate the Wii.
It's because they have the engine done already and they're not going to port it.
All right.
Anything else for your gaming week?
That's it.
My gaming week.
I had a very Blizzard-tastic week because, obviously, I played a lot of WoW.
I've been working on a Hunter, who's, like, my PvP character and been having fun with
her.
Did I mention last week on the show?
I can't remember when this happened, but I sold an item on the Real Money Auction House
on Diablo III.
No, you didn't mention that.
Yes, I sold...
Guess how much I made?
A dollar.
I made 25 cents.
Yeah.
Woohoo.
Because the minimum you can list an item for is $1.25.
So that's what I put the item up for.
And then the transaction fee is always $1.
No matter what it sells for.
So $1.25 minus $1.
25 cents, baby.
Woohoo.
It worked for you.
I can put that towards a card pack in Hearthstone, but we'll get to that later.
So, yeah, I've been having fun with Diablo III, believe it or not.
Like, I'm just...
I'm kind of into it right now.
It's good.
Also, I played StarCraft.
No, I did not play that new expansion, but all my friends kind of going back to StarCraft
because of that expansion made me want to load up the game.
And I was like, whoa, the launcher, like, totally changed for this.
But I loaded up Star Jeweled, because Star Jeweled is, like, the reason for me to play
StarCraft.
And no, I don't have the new expansion.
And until I sell about, oh, I don't know, 100 more items on that real money auction
house.
I mean, if I can raise 40 bucks in Diablo III, I'll buy it.
But if I make a quarter every two weeks, I don't think that's going to happen pretty
soon.
So, there was that.
I've been playing some console stuff, too.
I have to admit, I played the Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate demo on Wii U.
The demo's awful, you guys.
It is awful.
And here's the thing.
Like, I have friends that are really into that game right now that are, like, having
a lot of fun with it.
And one way it was kind of described to me is that it's, like, Phantasy Star Online,
kind of, but a lot more grindy because it's a JRPG.
But I played this demo on Wii U.
And I just, like, the reason why I want to bring it up, not that I like to review games
based on the demo, but here's the reality.
That's what happens.
A lot of people do make their opinions based on the full game on the demo.
I mean, we've heard Bobby to death on his show talking about the Ni No Kuni and how
he hated that demo.
And, yeah, that was a pretty shitty demo, too.
And, again, here we have a case of a demo that's even worse.
Like, it just, it doesn't tell you anything about the game.
It doesn't set up anything.
What you're doing, there's this assumption that you'll just figure it out.
And it's just unacceptable.
Like, I can't figure out, like, why gaming companies don't know that or why they can't
invest 25 cents to create a splash screen that at least kind of details, like, we're
throwing you midway into the game and here's what's going on and here's the controls.
But I just thought it was fucking boring.
Like, it was seriously fucking boring.
I got this guy with a giant sword and I figured out that the monster I wanted was on my mini
map.
So I went to him and I button mashed to figure out what the attack buttons were for about
20 minutes.
And, finally, I caught it and it was like, doo doo, demo done.
And I was like, that was the most boring fucking thing I've done all week long.
Like, way to sell your game.
And so now I'm like, okay, but my friends like really-
Was laundry more fun?
It was.
Like, I know there are Monster Hunter fans that listen to this show that are like, Rob,
you're so ignorant.
The demo doesn't show this.
I'm sorry.
That doesn't work for me.
Like, if the company is going to sell me on the game, sell me on the game.
So now if I'm to be sold on this game, either I'm going to have to go play it at a friend's
house who's going to have to explain to me what's going on.
Maybe I'll put it in my Gamefly queue, but it's not like something I'm like-
The urgency of doing so just dropped a whole lot.
Let me just put it that way.
So, let's see.
Go into comments from chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDef says, Rob, you need to play Team Fortress 2 more.
You can sell stuff for over a hundred US dollars.
You know, I actually like, I was seriously going to boot up Team Fortress 2 the other
night and then I got distracted and did something else.
And it was because of like last week's show.
Orange Right in our chat room agrees with me about Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate.
That demo did not sell me on the game at all.
And it's a pity.
And you know what?
And I kind of have to remind myself.
Ni No Kuni had a pretty bad demo too.
But the full game's great.
And like, I don't know what convinced me to take the leap of faith there.
Or like I refused to do it in Monster Hunter.
But maybe because the Ni No Kuni demo, I kind of figured it out.
And it was fun in the long run once I finally figured it out.
I don't know.
One other game I played this week.
I just bought it today.
So I haven't had a lot of time to play it.
But I did buy Luigi's Mansion on 3DS.
And so I've only got to do some of the early levels.
Like where you go into that first little mansion.
I did not play the GameCube version.
Which I know a lot of people might be like, what?
But I didn't get my GameCube until well after the launch stuff.
In fact, I remember Loki bought me the GameCube.
It's a really awesome present.
When Animal Crossing came out.
Hell yeah.
At that point, Animal Crossing was all the rage at that point.
We didn't have time for Luigi's Mansion or any of the launch titles.
So I never played the original one.
But I've played the new one.
But only a little bit.
So I can't really give it a full review.
But I will say, some pretty good 3D effects.
And it really reminds me.
And this is a compliment.
It really reminds me of an old school PC game.
Like just in the way you're kind of walking around the mansion on the top screen.
And it's like you're finding items.
It for some reason kind of reminds me of an old school puzzler.
Like an old LucasArts game almost.
With a little more action though, obviously.
Because you're sucking in the ghosts and all that.
And you can find him hanged.
No multiplayer or anything like that yet.
Because I've literally only played the game like 30 minutes.
So I can't tell you anymore about it at this time.
But it was fun and the 3D effects were fun.
I like the whole little pixelator thing.
It looks like something out of Tron.
That cracked me up.
So, yeah. So Luigi's Mansion 3DS.
And that was my gaming week.
So, let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
Again, I think I mentioned this before.
But I just want to make sure you all know there is no Orange Lounge Radio next week.
Have a great Easter or Sunday off.
I'll be drunk on mimosas.
Will ya? Oh, from brunch?
No, where we're going for brunch, Murray Calendars, they give you like never-ending mimosas.
A lot of places do that for brunch.
I'm so happy.
That's like the friends that I have downtown that we like to go to brunch with all the time.
Like, we can't go to a place unless they have endless mimosas.
Because our one friend is like, no, I'm not going if I can't get mimosas.
So, good times.
Anyhow, so no show next week, but we will be back on April 7th.
I believe Bobby's here next week.
So, those of you guys that turn out here pretty loyally on Sunday night,
you'll have something to look forward to next week.
There may be a best of or something, but there won't be a pre-recorded show
because we're intentionally setting it up so that we know episode 500 is on this day.
So, that way we can kind of plan a little bit.
Alright, I think that's it.
Twitter.com slash OLR, Facebook, Orange Lounge Radio, yada yada.
Let's get into gaming news. Loki.
Well, this was completely unexpected, but Capcom announced, I guess,
a little bit ahead of their World of Capcom panel.
Or even, actually, I think it was teased before, but announced after World of Capcom panel
that they're going to be remastering DuckTales, like the old NES DuckTales game,
which is pretty fantastic.
You should have seen the flappy hands I made when I heard that news.
That was really unexpected.
Yes, very unexpected.
And basically, it's going to have hand-drawn sprites.
It's going to have all the original voices.
And it's coming to Wii U, PlayStation Network, and Xbox Live Arcade, 15 bucks.
Probably, I want to say it was, I think it was this summer, maybe?
I don't know if they had a date yet on that.
But yes, all the original voice actors are supposed to be coming back,
including, I guess, the guy, the Scrooge, who's in his 90s.
Wow.
No, no.
He's in his 70s. Somebody else on the cast.
The Magic of Dispel voice actress is 90.
Oh, okay.
But she's been doing voices for Disney for years.
Right, exactly.
No, I think the guy-
Wasn't she also a Granny Gummy?
She might have been.
The guy who does Uncle Scrooge was also Mr. Ed way back in the day.
Wow.
Remember that show?
Yeah.
We weren't even alive when that show was on.
But we had Nick at Night.
Yeah, they used to rerun the shit out of it on Nickelodeon when we were younger,
so that's how I remember it.
I freaking loved Mr. Ed.
I'm just, it's really surprising that they are redoing this.
I'm surprised they would even do that.
I think it's great.
But seriously, when you're watching that trailer for the first time,
and SSJ100Matt, who is at the show, is saying in chat room,
PAX East blew up when I was there.
I can only imagine.
And how epic was that trailer?
Did you see the trailer they put out for it,
where it has those quotes that are like,
this is the series that defined a generation,
and all these inspirational quotes.
And then it says, come on everybody, sing along.
Did you see this Dark Sakura?
Oh.
No, I didn't.
Well then, now I have an excuse to play it.
Stop asking me for quotes, Tim Schafer.
You had an excuse already, Rob.
I'm going to give you the clip notes version, though, here, okay?
So, like, here's Capcom, and like the inspirational music,
and the few games are so rich with such a wealth of, right?
So it's like setting up for it.
And then, okay, so after all that.
Ready, sing along.
I like that it has the bopping head.
But look how it looks.
I mean, it looks awesome.
Yeah.
How can I cut this off early?
Like, I have to let it play.
The only thing I'm disappointed is they didn't show the moon.
Well, they got to keep something a secret.
They got to save something.
It looks like there was only Transylvania in there and one other stage.
Well, it also can't be complete.
Yeah, it's probably not done yet.
I didn't watch gameplay.
Apparently, they retweeted all the bosses, so they're harder now.
Nice.
Like, they have more sequences to them.
You have to remember, as awesome as the game as DuckTales was,
it really was only like six stages.
It was about as long as the first Mega Man game, right?
Yeah.
It wasn't a whole lot to it, so I don't know if they're like adding or whatever.
But seriously, when I just heard, I was like, oh, WayForward and Capcom?
Who brokered that deal?
Because that is like inspired genius for real.
Because WayForward did a great job with the Double Dragon Neon,
and they did some of these other remakes too.
They did the Contra game on DS.
They've done a lot of good stuff, and to trust them with DuckTales was genius.
So when I saw the trailer, I was just like, yes.
Didn't we all kind of go like, Capcom has made a lot of bad decisions in the past year,
and this is the first time where you're like, oh my god, I can like them again.
Like, we're sorry. Please love us.
It's cool to like Capcom again.
Here you go. Here's something you want to see.
Have WayForward redo Link to the Past.
Ah!
Or, let's just see if we can take that further.
Have them redo Super Metroid.
Go into some comments from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Gamergirl says, LOL, I'm still laughing because I had the lyrics wrong for so long.
The trailer did kind of make a lot of you guys realize that, huh?
Yeah, but Dan regularly breaks into that theme song at my house,
so I have no excuse not to know that and the Darkwing Duck theme.
Extover says, I admit that I didn't play much of the original NES game since we only rented it once,
but I'm amused and excited by the remaster.
I didn't own it either, and I'm in the same boat.
We rented it like three times. I mean, you used to rent it all the time.
I think I did own the game. I want to say I did own that.
But that's what makes me more, because now that I'm an adult and I can buy whatever the hell I want,
I'm going to own this. It's going to be great.
Let's see.
I should actually text Dan and see if he knows about it.
Dark Tetsuya says, There's your list list.
Series WayForward needs to update for 2013.
That's a great idea, Dark Tetsuya. We're going to do that.
Maybe not tonight, but soon.
Let's see.
Act F says, The moon is going to sound so fucking awesome.
Technus says, $15, huh?
Yeah, it took five seconds for it to make me want to buy it.
Ditto. Ditto.
But here's the bottom line, as excited as we all are,
please don't fuck this up.
Like, this is sacred territory, people, right?
Please don't fuck this up.
Just say it.
Stop raping your childhood.
All right. Was that it on the start? Wasn't there another?
Yeah, that was it.
Did we talk about the other series?
The possibility that they said they were going to do
Rescue Rangers, possibly, and some of this other stuff?
Oh, God, that'd be awesome.
Yeah, no, it's in one of the other, I think it's in the second link.
They said that if this does well,
that there is the potential that they'll do, like,
Rescue Rangers and some of the other Capcom Disney stuff.
And I'm sitting there going, Mickey Mascarpane, Mickey Mascarpane.
Which is kind of basic, but I loved it.
You know what?
I literally tripped over that cartridge the other day.
Because Midna has been trying to get up on the shelves
to get to stuff, and she knocked it down.
It was in the case and everything.
Now, would this mean that maybe we'd start getting into
some of the later games, like Aladdin?
Yeah, that was one of the other things they said.
They said, Chippendale Rescue Rangers, Darkwing Duck, and Aladdin.
Darkwing Duck, I would be happy about.
SSJ-100 Matt says, from what I saw at the show,
they didn't mess it up.
Thank heavens.
Thank heavens.
Yeah, it looked good from what I saw.
They had the boss fight against, uh...
Who was it? Magica the Spell.
It was pretty awesome.
So excited.
I hope this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship.
Here's the other thing I wanted to say about this.
They need to make sweet, sweet Disney love.
I know we've got a Mega Man thing coming up later on,
but I have to bring this up.
Like, why not just let WayForward do Mega Man?
Dark Soccer.
That made me spaz so hard, I dropped my mic.
Like...
I know, right?
Why not just let them do Mega Man?
Because they'll probably do the game we all want, right?
So hopefully this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
We'll see.
Actually, you know who should really be doing the next Mega Man,
if they did one,
would be letting the people who did the Street Fighter
cross Mega Man.
Oh, the...
I know what you're talking about.
The anniversary of the freebie that was on the internet.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Maybe, maybe.
One of the other big games that came out of PAX East
was somewhat of a surprise announcement from Blizzard.
You know, I have the other show, Hoard House,
where we talk a lot about World of Warcraft and things,
and there were a lot of people thinking
that it was going to be, like, a big thing.
Like, it was going to be another expansion
or that it was Titan,
even though Blizzard said time and time again it's not Titan.
Well, it kind of did come out of left field.
This is not something people were predicting.
The game that Blizzard announced at PAX East
was called Hearthstone Heroes of Warcraft.
It's a card game, basically.
It's a virtual card game.
It's going to be playable on PC, Mac, and iPad.
Kind of think very similar to that Magic the Gathering game
they have on, you know, Xbox and PlayStation and iPad.
But in fact, they even say,
hey, this is inspired partially out of our love of,
you know, Magic the Gathering and these other games.
But I'm getting the feeling this is going to be really simplified,
and obviously has Warcraft lore really woven into it.
Don't they have a card game already?
Blizzard?
Yeah.
They have a tangible, wow, trading card game.
That's what I meant.
But this isn't that.
I think it's a simpler version of that,
and it's not meant to be a tangible game.
It is a little weird because both of those exist,
but I think there's room for both.
I mean, if Magic the Gathering can be successful
in both a tangible game and an online game,
I don't see why Blizzard can't have two properties out there.
Now, here's the thing.
It is going to be a free game, but it's freemium.
You earn more cards.
You can earn them through playing the game,
and you win medals when you do PVP against people.
But you will also be able to buy expansion packs,
of course, with real money.
They're thinking about one dollar.
That's what they're thinking right now for the packs.
Hearthstone will have 300 cards in the initial collection,
and it's hero versus hero.
You play as one of the nine Central Warcraft classes,
each represented by a hero.
Thrall!
You can play, I believe Thrall is the shaman.
I know Anduin is the priest.
Malfurion, I think, is the druid.
You can play as one of the big characters,
and it looks really good.
Dark Saga, did you see this at all?
I think this is their trailer that talks about,
actually, let me see if I can find the match.
So that Jaina would be mage.
If you buy me a little time here, I'll try to find the...
Well, I'm broke, so I can't buy you anything.
But, well, I'm trying to think over who...
Here it is. Here's the gameplay video where it's...
I'm going to go kind of midway into this here.
Let me make this a little bigger so you can actually see it here.
Your turn.
You'll notice it's very cartoony and animated in the way it looks.
Oh, you've got little panda houses.
Yeah, it definitely has some of the newer...
Even though we only see old Warcraft characters in this,
it definitely has some of the newer inspired stuff.
I quit playing Magic for a reason.
Yeah, you don't think you'd be into this?
There was a time sink.
Now, Loki, I could see them wanting people like you
who don't touch any Blizzard IPs as of right now.
Someone like you would be great to get into this game.
Any interest in this for you?
Nope.
Why not?
I just don't care. I really don't care.
But you're not a big card game person.
No, I'm not.
Makes sense.
Well, I'll give it a try.
Some reason it reminds me of, like, Pagle.
I mean, the screen looks like Pagle.
Is it going to be free? Why not?
Yeah, that's where I'm at.
That's how they get you hooked.
There was a lot of people on Twitter that were like,
this is going to be stupid.
Well, at least they don't charge you to play it like Tetra Master.
That's where my mind went, too,
is I was like, oh, remember when Tetra Master was in Final Fantasy XI?
He had to pay like a dollar a month to play it.
God, I never touched that.
I did my 30-day free trial of Tetra Master,
and I think I maybe paid for one more month.
It was fun.
I didn't bother.
But it was like ten years ago, you know?
And, I mean, technology's come a long way.
I hated it.
I'll try this.
Yeah, I'll try this. Why not?
I download it. If it sucks, delete it.
It can't be worse than Yaris.
That's right. It already looks better than Yaris.
Ain't that the truth?
And then if I keep selling stuff in Diablo,
I can buy the expansion packs,
although that's exactly what Blizzard wants.
And I bet we're going to see more of this,
especially when the Titan thing is revealed, the MMO.
I bet there's going to be a lot of mini-
I bet there'll be real money woven into that somehow
in its own little economy,
where Blizzard gets a little chunk of it every time.
It's an extremely profitable avenue for them.
So, uh, yeah.
Let's move on with more news.
By the way, we will have-
Well, it's not a surprise to you anymore,
because I told you what it is.
We will have something special for the fifth-
for our, um, fifth, uh, centiversary.
I guess that's how it would be for hundreds.
Um, so here's glorious, beautiful news.
Rob, we need to have Ding Dong the Witch's Dead
playing in the background.
Um, but the, uh, CEO of EA, John Riccitello,
is that how you pronounce his name?
Is stepping down on the 30th.
Yay, because he has butchered some of our favorite stuff.
Um, basically the whole reason he's stepping down too
is because of fiscal, um, uh, depreciation in the company.
Um, yeah, and like, he's basically saying that it has to do,
and I'm going to read you the quote,
My decision to leave EA is really all about my accountability
for the shortcomings in our, uh, financial results this year.
It looks like we will likely come in at the low end
or slightly below the financial guidance we issued to the street.
So, yeah, and you know what?
I- you should have seen the wank on Twi- on a- on a Tumblr
when this- in the Mass Effect fan community.
It was glorious and beautiful,
and there were lots of dancing gifs.
Yep.
Oh my God, those clothes.
Is it really- is it really going to change anything?
Well, the people next in line, let's see, we have, um,
right now the interim leader is going to be Larry Probst,
who was the, uh, CEO from 1991 to 2007,
and likely candidates to replace, uh, is, uh, Frank Gibbo,
who is the president of EA Labels,
or their, um, COO Peter Moore,
who was, uh, once in charge of EA Sports
and worked for Microsoft during the Xbox 360 launch.
Ah, I could see Peter Moore, yeah, yeah.
Uh, let's see, Xtopher in chat says,
At least he took responsibility.
Uh, yeah, I mean, at least he was-
it- it wasn't as good as the Groupon guy's goodbye letter.
I don't know if you guys saw that a few weeks ago,
but that was good.
You know- you know shit's bad if Valve says no.
Uh, let's see, um, bonds006,
I have to agree with this comment in our chatroom,
live.vognetwork.com, uh,
Someone will take John's place and EA will be EA.
And I don't think this is really going to change it.
I think he's just the fall guy for, you know,
all this bam, bam, bam.
Star Wars Old Republic didn't do as well as it was supposed to.
Mass Effect 3's ending just, you know,
as much as I hate the link behind that.
Well, yeah, but you know- you know the-
the whole big rush on that, the pressure came from EA.
True, okay, true, good point.
Uh, and now SimCity, you know,
and all that, they had to give free games away.
He's just, uh, head of the Hydra.
On top of that, though, this is coming out right before, um,
well, right after they found out that they're gonna be next, um,
again on the top ten list of worst companies to work for.
So...
Not to mention that they are also in the running for,
and at least I haven't seen the voting, though, for it yet,
so I'm not sure if they've made it through the first round.
They're also on the, uh, list for worst company in America.
I- who cares?
I mean, isn't that all just a-
Yes, it's a popularity contest, or unpopularity contest.
It's an internet trolling contest.
It's the reverse of a popularity contest.
At any rate, I- I would like to be hopeful
to see better things come out, to see a new direction,
you know, to see them stop snatching up companies left and right
and ruining their, uh-
fixed goddamn origin.
I sat there for thirty- thirty minutes last night.
Myself, Alan, Shane, and Tim all wanted to play multiplayer, right?
So we're trying to play multiplayer Mass Effect,
but because Alan and I are in the same house,
we keep running into these problems where two of us can connect,
but then the others can't get in, it keeps timing out,
literally takes us thirty minutes to figure out,
we gotta crack the code.
Okay, here's how we form the game.
I'll host the game, then Alan, you join.
Now, Rob is gonna invite Tim, Alan will invite Shane,
and then it'll work.
That's what it took, honestly.
We had to mix and match the order of who joined when,
just to play stinkin' Mass Effect multiplayer.
Yeah.
Fix origin.
Do you want us to take it seriously?
More like butt-gin.
Oh.
But- but I'm- I'm still gonna-
I mean, honestly, I think that origin, in and of itself,
is a bad business decision to go through, but I mean,
it's like I was saying before, you know shit's bad when Valve refuses your money.
Well, but- but here's the thing, speaking of all that,
we have to remember Steam was pretty bad when it first launched,
everybody was pissed because it was bundled with Half-Life 2 and you had no choice,
there's a lot of that, so like, I wanna be hopeful and say,
maybe there's a light at the end of the tunnel and maybe this'll all turn out okay,
but I'm just- I just-
They keep fucking it up.
I just don't have that same level of trust in EA right now.
They keep fucking it up. End of the story.
And I mean, I love the entire Mass Effect series, even if there are-
I like- I like to joke around and call 3 a sparkly turd.
And there's lots of stuff in 3 that I love, I love the gameplay,
I love scenes, I love parts of the story.
It's just the whole lack of- what's the word I'm thinking of?
Continuity, really going from game to game, changing writing staff,
and you know that that pressure came from EA.
Dungeon Buster in our chat room, kind of with another perspective,
like what about the good things Rickatello did?
Dungeon Buster says the board probably forced him out,
EA stock has been on a brutal decline in the last few years,
I don't disagree with that for sure.
Dungeon Buster says Rickatello was also known for taking gambles
backing Dante's Inferno, Mirror's Edge, et cetera.
I mean, for better or for worse, those were some original games.
You know, I would say for better, Mirror's Edge, for worse.
Don't think that.
But for better or worse, got to work.
That's like asking what did Bush do good for the country?
Oh, I knew you'd take it down a political route.
No, but seriously, I think I remembered reading on one other article
that their stock increased after the announcement.
Just saying.
Let's see, Raginator in chat at live.vognetwork.com says
which is worse to work for?
EA, Gamestop, or Emperor Palpatine?
Which would be the worst to work for?
I'd probably say...
Mmm, that's really tough.
That was really tough.
I mean, at least with Palpatine, like,
you don't have to worry about being unemployed
because you'd just be dead.
Well, and as long as you're on the Death Star that they don't blow up,
you might have it pretty good.
Yeah, they fucked up every Death Star.
I don't know. EA's going to hire me at corporate or game,
so I was going to hire me at corporate.
Now, if you're working a death job on Coruscant, you're usually fine.
Just saying.
I'm not saying that, you know, they're that bad to work for.
But...
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, draw.
All right, let's move on with more news
because, Loki, I think you have something very related to this, right?
I mean, I know we're talking about, you know, Origin,
but what could they possibly fix with Origin?
I mean, Origin's perfect, right?
Uh...
Oh, wait, wait, wait, what's this?
Origin has an exploit where you can use hyperlinks to run malicious code?
No, that's not good.
Yes, apparently there is a way that, um...
What do you mean, run Origin?
No, it's not just running Origin, it's Origin Plus.
Uh, it's...
They have this stew...
And I don't even know why you would need this in the first place,
why this is even part of a feature or something,
but they have these URI hyperlinks
that basically you click on a link on a webpage or something like that,
it launches Origin and whatever game, you know, that it's specifying.
But on top of that, not only can you do that,
but you can also have these hyperlinks
and then have this, like, you know, command parameters and stuff.
So you can actually have, basically, you change the hyperlink
instead of saying, you know, Origin, launch game, blah, blah, blah.
It'll be Origin, launch game, blah, blah.
With this command parameter, I want you to open this, you know,
DLL at this IP address.
Well, that's not good.
And you're opening, you know, some sort of malicious file
on a remotely controlled server.
Because that's a thing that they have in there.
And I love their comment on it, though.
Our team is constantly investigating hypotheticals like this one
as we continually update our security infrastructure,
considering investigating or constantly investigating.
But I don't see a patch for this right now.
I mean, they know about it.
Just to say...
It's being worked on soon, trademark.
The best thing you can do is if you have like a web browser
or something like that,
if you haven't yet clicked on one of these URI links
or something like that,
one, you know, you get a prompt in like Firefox
or something like that that says, you know,
use this program to launch this type of file going forward.
Just have it say, you know, let me choose.
I mean, how often are you really going to be launching
URI links through your web browser?
Probably not very.
And then, of course, you know,
where they say they're constantly investigating stuff.
I got a wonder, though, is it...
Something very similar now with the Play for Free
or Battlefield Play for Free.
Very similar with that is they have another thing.
It's an exploit for older versions of Windows,
anything before Vista,
where someone can launch a mod file.
I guess it's used to customize games and settings.
And that mod file could queue also some malicious code
somewhere else.
So very similar, but with a whole different game,
not necessarily Origin, but that's not good.
And I guess they say that it's successful
because it overwrites a whitelist
that's supposed to restrict sites
because of this mod file or like a batch file
or something like that.
Yeah, they upload a malicious batch file.
They'll execute the next time the computer is restarted.
I don't know.
Fun!
That's kind of lame.
I mean, I'll keep your Windows updated, I guess,
but not everyone's going to be buying
Windows 7 or Windows 8 or Vista.
But there are people out there with Windows XP still.
Who has it better, the people with Windows XP
or the people with Windows 8?
I'm just trolling.
Windows 8 apparently isn't that bad, really.
I'm glad I don't have it.
I had to use it on my wife's sister's laptop
to try to like...
I don't like how everything's arranged in there.
It's very odd.
But I mean, I'm sure it's a little bit of a learning curve.
But yeah, the regular desktop's there.
It's just... it's odd.
I don't know. That's the best way I could describe it.
Well, I know you play Origin every day, Loki,
so you have a lot to be worried about with this.
No, I have not installed Origin at all.
I know I probably have somewhere like an EA account
because I did for Burnout Paradise.
I think it's Paradise.
But I have yet to...
You know whose fault it is I have Origin on PC, right?
Shane's. Totally Shane's fault.
Yeah, Shane.
Didn't you play Burnout Paradise way back in the day?
Way back in the day, too, though.
Didn't you play Burnout Paradise way back in the day?
Yeah, but that was not my PC. It was on Xbox.
With oodles and oodles of love,
thank you for introducing me to the series.
Alright, I probably would have had to do it eventually
because Alan's a big PC.
He doesn't really play stuff on consoles anymore.
But anyway, let's talk about better news
and things that put a smile on your face
as opposed to angry little, you know,
slanted eyebrows that indicate an angry face.
I have a sound for that face.
Yes, face.
This is actually really exciting news.
I was very happy to hear this.
The Final Fantasy X HD remaster on PlayStation 3,
it's going to include Final Fantasy X-2,
which I think is great.
That is as reported in Jump Magazine.
Both games based on the International Edition,
and yes, apparently both are getting that HD remaster treatment.
Because they're both the same engine.
The first trailer for Final Fantasy X just hit,
I think today, so you can actually check that out.
It looks nice.
I will definitely be picking this up.
I love that both these games are on one disc for PlayStation 3.
Now the Vita, the Vita will be getting both these games,
but they have to be purchased separately.
However, the games are supposed to come out this year,
which is pretty exciting.
That'll be fun.
And yet another reason to not get a PlayStation 4,
where there's all this good stuff still coming out on PlayStation 3.
Maybe I'll actually beat one of them.
You know what my problem was?
I breezed all the way through both of them
and still wasn't high enough level.
I didn't really play.
I mean, I watched you, I think, play some of X-2,
and I've certainly seen my fair share of YouTubes.
I didn't really play a lot of X-2.
So I'm kind of, I'd like to give it a fair shot.
Well, I mean, if you had let me know this,
I would have just loaned you my copy.
Yeah.
Well, I've also got X International.
So.
ActDeftInChat says,
Final Fantasy X sucks though.
Wrong.
Incorrect.
I see where people take issue to it.
I do get the issues with it.
What can I do for you?
But as the game itself, I really like it.
That's where every gamer has a voice
and everybody gets their own opinion,
even when they're wrong.
DarkSakura.
Even when they're being a butt.
No, I didn't mean that.
Only minorly.
So here's some good news,
and I actually have to thank CatastrophicMaggie
for sharing some nice stuff with me.
The European Wii U eShop lifted the age restriction
that they were having, you know,
where you can only buy the games after like,
what, nine o'clock?
Yeah, it was.
Yeah, you can only buy them after.
Oh, after eleven.
On the Wii U eShop.
All night.
What was her name?
Rhonda Shear.
I still remember that show.
Rhonda Shear.
Oh my God.
You know what?
She was hilarious.
So I've watched every single Toxic Avenger movie
thanks to Rhonda Shear.
Just saying.
But yeah, it had to do with German law.
Hold on, hold on.
This is very important.
Hi, it's Rhonda, and we'll be watching
Hats and Surf Nazis Must Die next on USA Up All Night.
Yeah, it wasn't because of the voice that I remembered that.
The 80s hair and the...
No, it wasn't the hair.
It was not the hair.
Even I have to look at that and go, damn.
What's she doing now?
Now I'm gonna have to Wikipedia.
Oh, great, Rob.
Thank you.
Car shows, I'm sure.
Rhonda Shear.
Anyway, so yeah, I think it's really hilarious
that we're talking about her and Germany.
Oh, she died.
Did she?
No, I just made that up.
Fuck you.
Okay.
And you said I couldn't troll people.
She's had some surgery too.
Let's see, her last film that she did in 2003,
Prison A Go-Go.
Fun.
But let's see, she's been doing Sheer Intimates LLC.
So she's doing panties basically.
In 2010, Rhonda designed the Abra.
Isn't that a Pokemon?
Makes sense, yeah.
Isn't that a Pokemon?
What does the Abra do?
And the product was an overnight success.
The Abra is the number one selling bra worldwide.
That reads like a sales pitch.
She plans to add cosmetic swimwear fragrance
and boomer hottie into, I think that's,
somebody just edited that fucking article.
I want to know what the Abra is now.
Charity work, since we're giving her a hard time.
In 2011, Rhonda was the event chair and a sponsor
for American Cancer Society's Making Strides
Put On Your Pink Bra event.
If I remember correctly from my infomercials,
the Abra is a bra that you don't see the bra lines.
Uh, I just went to look it up.
Loki?
Oh, dude, this is things that they sell at the
seen on TV store.
You guys, Loki knows what an Abra is.
I watch TV, okay?
Yes, infomercials.
I also know what a slap chop is.
What is a slap chop?
A slap chop is a thing that you can chop garlic in.
I own one.
And I had the knockoff brand, it sucked.
Because the garlic is stuck up in the goddamn thing.
USA chop all night.
Yes.
Um, so, can I go back to the story that I was trying
so professionally to discuss?
No, because I'm reading a comment from Marissa
in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
Marissa, do you have an Abra?
Uh, Marissa says,
Abra is a lazy, saggy bra for wusses.
Yes, according to their website-
Well, then again, she has utas brasiers.
According to their website, it says,
Say goodbye to pinching, binding, chafing, and discomfort.
Prevents bra bulge and underarm cleavage.
Fits perfectly even if you gain or lose weight.
It's a chest girdle.
And it's machine washable.
Can I get an aw-
You know what?
Can I get an aw brief?
You know what, first of all?
What?
I have a comfortable bra.
Just saying.
And I can wash it in the washing machine!
It looks like a tank top made out of spandex
or something like that.
It's like, bulgy boob cups.
Alright, back to the stuff, video games.
It's a boob girdle.
What gamers really want to know.
Boobs.
I don't know, look at our demographic.
Anyway.
Um, so yeah.
Basically they made some, uh,
I guess they had to have discussed something
with the German government
or found some loophole to get out of it.
But now you can, uh,
you can shop for games before 11.
Now I imagine she's talking about the aw bra.
They had to make a deal with the German government
in order to be able to sell it.
First of all, they had to strike a deal with David Hasselhoff.
Because he secretly uses the aw bra for his man boobs.
Awesome.
I'm done.
I'm leaving the room done.
Bye.
God.
Alright, uh,
let's travel around the world and check-
But we need to get Marissa to call in
and do Utz's brassieres now.
Well, we also have the PAX East calls tonight.
I have to keep it on topic a little bit,
but Marissa's more than welcome to come to episode 500.
Anyway, uh, release dates.
Let's travel around the world
and check out what is coming out in a lingerie store near you.
Loki.
Uh, today, uh, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon,
Gates to Infinity, and 3DS,
and I believe today was also...
Luigi's Mansion.
Yeah, it's Luigi's Mansion.
I can't remember if that was earlier than today or today.
Anyways, so there was that.
And then, of course, next week, also some big stuff.
Bioshock Infinite on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Of course, um, Army of Two, The Devil's Cartel
on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
WRC-FIA World Rally Championship 2012 on PlayStation 3.
Uh, Final Fantasy XI,
The Ultimate Collection Seekers Edition on Xbox 360
on PC and 360.
Final Fantasy XI, Seekers of Alduin.
Um, Tiger Woods, PGA Tour 14 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also, the Master's Historic Edition
if you really want to spend extra money for a few extra courses.
And...
I believe that's it.
Let's go to Japan and check out the release dates over there.
On the PlayStation 3 on March 28th,
Army of Two, The Devil's Cartel comes out on PlayStation 3,
as well as Sengoku Basara Triple Pack.
I am assuming that is all three games in the, uh,
it's Sengoku Basara 3, Utage, and HD Collection
are all the games that are that.
Uh, what series is this? Is this...
That would be Three Kingdoms, Sengoku...
Sengoku Basara is Devil Kings over here.
Thank you. I was like, I know it's over here, but it's...
It's the Capcom Fantasy Warriors game.
It's a little more, like, cultish over here, I guess, for lack of a better term.
They don't release any over here, that's why.
I thought, no, they have Devil Kings.
They had Devil Kings on PlayStation 2,
and then they had Sengoku Basara on the Wii,
and PlayStation 3, like, a couple years ago.
Uh, the Final Fantasy XI expansion makes its way to Japan as well,
and the Xbox 360, for all you guys playing it on the 360 in Japan.
Uh, as well as Army of Two, The Devil's Cartel,
Cave Shooting Collection, that ought to be pretty good,
and Love Torre Chocolate.
And the Cave Shooting Collection, by the way,
since it is a Cave title, I believe those are region-free.
Nice.
What, is that something that might come to the store, then?
Um, I'm sure that...
Some of them hit the, uh, direct download.
Well, Cave, the Shooting Collection,
I mean, all the Cave titles have been out on Xbox Live Arcade.
Okay.
I want to say that it's, um...
Probably...
They probably will bring it over here.
Axis Games might bring it over.
Axis or... Yeah.
Yeah, it would be Axis Games, I think. They would be the ones.
By the way, I looked up Basara.
It means crazy or over-the-top, but also stylish.
Better than Basura in Spanish.
What does that mean? Junk? Trash?
Trash, yeah.
Alright, uh, PlayStation Vita this week in Japan.
On the 28th, Oboro Muramasa comes out this week from Marvelous Entertainment.
It has to do with a sword.
Muramasa Rebirth, the remake.
Seimadu Monogatari comes out as well from Compile.
Compile! Yay!
Who needs to remake the Guardian Legend somehow.
Cotton!
Alright.
And Guardian Legend.
Yes.
Lastly, but not leastly, on the 3DS this week,
Nano Assault gets a price reduction,
and Shoshinsha Kata Nai Honnichi Made Soroban Anzan Flash Anzan.
That's a mouthful. What game is this?
Duff.
No pictures of it, but the related games are all, like...
Puppies.
Puppies and Kitty Cafe and things like that,
so it's one of those games.
Alright, how about the UK? Dark Sakura?
Some stuff.
In the UK, we have, starting with the 26th, we have Bioshock Infinite.
On the 27th, Lego City Undercover and Sly Cooper Thieves in Time.
The 28th, we have Luigi's Mansion 2 and Tiger Woods PGA Tour 14.
And on the 29th, we have Army of Four.
That's it.
There you go. Just a couple more news stories for you guys,
and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Now, even though War Z may try to convince you that they were part of this program,
they actually don't have this program out yet, or they just started it.
It's the early access program.
It allows you to play and purchase games that are still in development.
They have a few games, starting off with Arma 3 and Star Forge.
Also, a game I think should be at least a nominee for the best title of a game in 2013,
Drunken Robot Pornography.
Sign me up.
I mean, that sounds awesome.
Yes, and then, let's see, was it Kenshi?
Kenshi, an open-ended squad-based strategy RPG.
That's too big of a subtitle.
I'm sorry.
You're going to have to change that.
Basically, so, yeah.
They're going to add features, and stuff will be available over time.
Plus, I guess you'll be able to maybe provide some feedback for the titles.
But that's kind of cool that you can do that.
Arma 3, I actually kind of want to try that, but Arma's so simulation
that I just would want to mod the hell out of it, you know,
get laser beams and stuff.
That'd be ridiculous.
I kind of like that whole idea about getting in early on the game's development
and kind of getting to give that instant feedback,
and maybe your angry internet comments really can influence the game.
Yeah.
Kind of neat.
Especially in this Kickstarter world we live in now,
this seems like a great place to launch a project that started on Kickstarter
where your investors, essentially, really can have their say on the game's development.
There is one I saw.
It wasn't Kickstarter.
It was another.
I don't know if they were doing it through their own website.
No.
It was, actually, it was a train simulation game.
But the difference was is they were asking people to crowdfund it,
but the people that crowdfunded it also get a portion of the profits
that they receive from the game.
So you're profit sharing, I guess, which is kind of cool.
That'd be kind of neat to do with Kickstarter.
Hmm.
I might have missed it.
Are there any games you're looking forward to being a part of with this?
No.
Not right now.
I mean, Arma 3 looks kind of cool.
I may have to check out robot, you know, the robot pornography game
because that's an awesome title, and I like giant robot games,
so it'd be interesting to check out.
It'd be interesting to check out.
All right.
Well, one more story for you guys, and I alluded to this earlier
when we were talking about DuckTales,
but there was some talk about Mega Man at PAX East
at the World of Capcom panel.
Brett Elston, the Capcom community manager,
said that Capcom is developing a new game in the Mega Man series,
but they're not ready to fully announce it just yet.
I think this is kind of a duh.
I mean, despite the canceled projects,
I mean, like, would you really just drop something like Mega Man?
No, I think you put it to bed for a few years,
and then it comes back better than ever, right?
That's probably what's happening here.
However, since this story first broke on the internet,
Capcom kind of came behind the community manager here and said,
now, now, now, now, no Mega Man game has been confirmed.
The company is having ongoing discussions about Mega Man,
but it won't announce anything until something is ready.
So don't hold your breath that that's necessarily this year.
It could be a long time.
Now, Shane was sending me some private messages
when we were talking about the whole DuckTales and WayForward thing
and saying, what else should WayForward do?
And Shane was reminding me, Rob, WayForward doesn't always strike gold.
Let's pull up WayForward's resume
and see some of the other games that they've done in the past.
Godzilla Domination on the Game Boy Advance,
SpongeBob SquarePants Lights Camera Pants,
the A Boy and His Blob on the Wii,
although, to be fair, I never really gave that a try,
so I don't know how.
I really wanted to play that too because I love the first one.
Let's see, the Silent Hill Book of Memories game on the Vita,
but see, Shane didn't like that.
I didn't think it was terrible.
I just didn't think it was great, but it's decent.
It wasn't very Silent Hilly, was it?
But here, here's the biggest sin WayForward has ever committed.
You ready for this?
A Nintendo DS game called Ping Pals.
Oh.
Do you remember this game?
Yes.
I didn't play it, but I remember.
It was like somebody put out PictoChat as a game.
But how long ago was that?
2004, glad you asked.
I mean, think about it.
They've done their time.
They did their time in jail.
They've learned their lesson.
They made some bad mistakes as kids, and now they're adults.
Do I have Queen's We Are the Champions going through my head?
Okay, let's look at their more recent resume.
So there's Silent Hill Book of Memories, the Adventure Time game,
Hey Ice King, Why'd You Steal Our Garbage?
Yeah, that was fantastic.
Mighty Switch Force Hyperdrive Edition, which was actually pretty good.
Double Dragon Neon, which was great.
Blood Rain Betrayal.
Considering the source material, yeah.
And Shantae, I keep wanting to say Shantae.
Shantae, you stay.
Shantae, Risky's Revenge.
That's supposed to be pretty good.
Okay, so they made a few mistakes as kids.
I did want to mention, because I do happen to follow them on Facebook,
the 100,000 strong for bringing back Mega Man Legends 3,
They did post a wonderful update regarding a fan-made game in the Mega Man series.
It's called The Master System.
It's an action brawler game based in the Mega Man Legends series.
They have two unique characters, and you fight a bunch of the Reaverbots.
And you can check it out for free right now.
It's arcade.legends-station.com?sp equals Master System.
So check it out, or follow the 100,000 strong for bringing back Mega Man Legends 3,
which they are now 101,000 strong.
Just saying.
101,000.
Tigerclaw in chat linking us to some Ping Pals gameplay.
Check that out.
Where you have an actual little keyboard you can type on, or you can draw,
and you have coins to buy stuff for your avatar.
But here's the thing with Ping Pals, man.
Can you imagine? Remember there was that Boyfriend Simulator game
that had the really fucked up chatbot engine that was in there?
It will say some weird shit to you.
If they re-released that game with that in there, that could actually be entertaining.
Here's the thing about Ping Pals.
Just trying to cut this game a little slack.
What if, when this game started development,
they didn't know that Nintendo was going to put PictoChat into the system?
What if there had been no PictoChat?
Would we be giving Ping Pals such shit?
I think we might still be a little bit less.
A little bit less.
But a little bit less, yeah.
I don't think we'd remember it quite as horrifically as we do, because...
It wouldn't seem as ridiculous.
Yeah.
Alright, well, let's go back to a much simpler time.
Let's go back before WayForward and all this stuff, before even Ping Pals.
We're going to go back to a much simpler time in a segment we call
The Classic Game of the Week,
where Dark Soccer is going to walk into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks,
Hey, you kids and your frickin' HD reboots.
In this case it's, Hey, I can't believe I haven't done this one yet.
Go play this pixelated classic and love it.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Eternal Champions.
How have I never done this?
You say that every week. How have I never done this?
I was sitting down trying to go through all of the...
Oh, fuck.
I hate...
Do your... Read your thing.
Anyway, so anyway, Eternal Champions came out in 1993.
It was a 2D fighting game, and they came out for the Mega Drive or Sega Genesis that same year.
And it was sort of like a Mortal Kombat-y type of thing,
where there were over-kills and special moves and things.
But it did spawn like one of the best sequels ever,
which was Eternal Champions Challenge for the Dark Side,
which was basically the Sega CD version.
And two other spin-offs, there was a...
It's just set in that universe,
and it's also out on the Wii Virtual Console account in 2007.
So basically, it's just this typical fighting game.
I mean, it works a lot like Street Fighter II.
It uses the six-button controller, though, so that you can have the different ones.
And the version of this that I have, I got with Sega Activator.
Do you remember the Activator?
Oh, he had one of those Activators.
He was trying to build a Para Para machine out of it.
Yeah, I think I threw it away.
I'm gonna tell you how we got our Activator.
Right before Virgin went out of business, we bought it for eight bucks.
A Genesis Activator.
So that's how we have our copy.
When was that long ago when Virgin Megastore went out of business?
It was very soon after I moved out here.
Wow, okay.
Longer than ten years ago.
I guess you're right. It seems like that wasn't that long ago.
Of course I'm right. It's me.
So basically, you block by holding away.
Like I said, very Street Fighter, you don't have an actual block button.
But if you get hit several times in a row, you get dizzy, and then your opponent gets a free attack.
Blah, blah, blah. The usual stuff.
You also had a special attack meter, so that you could do different specials.
And then you had your overkills.
And that was stage specific.
I'm getting tongue tied today.
These are basically, you have to defeat your opponent where they fall in a certain area of the ground.
If they land in the right spot, the life bars disappear.
And something in the background kills them to death.
Like for example...
Wow, this person just got set on fire.
Yeah.
Awesome.
If you're, you can get vaporized by neon sign and shadows level.
A Tyrannosaurus can kill you and slash a level.
Good lord, that goes on forever.
Not only did the guy get set on fire, but then you see a skeleton, and then the head falls off the skeleton.
Like...
Yeah.
Ew.
There's a drive by shooting in Larsen's level.
And a napalm bomb in Midnight's level.
So yeah, there were a bunch of characters, and I'm gonna go through the character list real quick.
Just because some of them had some fun names.
And there were some of the, I thought some of the better characters were in the second one.
But you had Shadow Miyamoto, Rax Coswell, Jonathan Blade, Jetta Max.
Slash Trident, Xavier Pendragon, Mitchell Middleton Knight, who was Midnight.
Haha, with a K.
Larsen Tyler, the Eternal Champion.
You had Chin Wo, Dawson McShane, who was kind of fun.
Ramses the Third, Raven Gendar, Senator, and Riptide De Medici.
People love to hate on those De Medicis, I swear, but they were all busy killing each other and being Pope.
Then you had Blast Chavez, and then some animals.
This game looks kind of derpy though.
It is kind of derpy, but it was classic.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Classically derpy.
There was the Slurpee flavor that was Sega Eternal Champions Cherry.
And it was at 7-Eleven, of course.
Then there were game books that came out that were released by Puffin Books.
There was a comic about this that was called Eternal Champions Special that was done by the UK Sega Magazine, Sonic the Comic.
Do you remember the group Bone Thugs and Harmony?
Yes, I do.
They basically sampled Eternal Champions for their songs Eternal and Crossroad.
Really? Crossroad samples Eternal Champions? That was like their biggest hit.
And Courage the Cowardly Dog also used some of the same audio loops from the game.
EGM actually sponsored Eternal Champions tournaments, which I remember a few people...
I think I knew one person who actually was in one of those a while back, but don't quote me on that.
And then, like I said, it came with the Activator.
There is a special moves edition that was a handheld tiger game.
It basically was just a really crappy version of Eternal Champions.
And basically it was a pretty mediocre game.
I mean, I thought that the Sega CD one was better.
And then they were going to do Eternal Champions the Final Chapter for the Saturn, but they cancelled it so that they could push Virtua Fighter in the US.
I would like to know if there is a prototype of this sitting around because I would love to see it.
So yeah, as far as the spin-offs, there was one called Chicago Syndicate.
It came out on the Game Gear in 1995 that was based on an alternate reality where Lars and Tyler didn't die in 1920.
And then there's Expert X-PERTS.
There's a side-scrolling beat-em-up that is based on one where Shadow Yamato didn't die.
So, yeah.
Eternal Champions.
Overkill.
I think this one you get eaten by a shark.
Yeah, I'm waiting to see if they get to the...
They keep pausing it, so I'm assuming they're looking up the fatality or whatever.
Or whatever is followed in this game.
Overkill.
What was the game that had the ones that were called Cinekills?
Do you remember that one?
There was a game that called it that and I don't remember what it is.
Was it Time Killers?
Maybe it was Time Killer. Hold on, I'll find out.
Time Killer was the one where you chopped off the body parts. It was funny.
Alright, there it is. Your classic Game of the Week Eternal Champions for the Mega Drive.
They were Cinekills in Eternal Champion CD is what they were.
That's what it was.
I knew it was one of them.
Alright, we are going to take a quick break and then we'll be back with more Orange Laundry tonight.
We have a not-so-serious Fugu Question of the Week tonight that should be fun.
A little more news out of PAX East. Hopefully some calls, we're hoping.
And, yes, Jamie's going to talk a little more about Mass Effect.
But don't worry guys, not too much.
Hey!
All that and more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this Sunday evening, March the 24th, 2013.
Episode number 498 of our program in progress.
Hello to those of you guys.
Apparently we've got a few folks, I've been messaging IRC and just got some text messages,
that are listening to us in the car on the way back from PAX East.
So, hello you lucky shits.
Drive safely.
No, drive recklessly. Faster, faster. I'm kidding. Please drive safe.
Don't be driving drunk either.
Dark Sakura will kick your ass.
Alright, let's get back into some rapid fire news.
Rob, there are things that are more painful to kick than the ass.
Dark Sakura will kick you in the taint, or the ah-bra.
She will snap your ah-bra.
I will cut a bitch.
Alright.
And she'll say, you mad bra?
Rapid fire news time, Loki.
And there's things locally I wish I could buy.
Borderlands 2, they're teasing a while back, South by Southwest,
that there is going to be a brand new character class.
Well, PAX East, they finally revealed what that's going to be.
It is Krieg the Psycho, or Krieg the, I guess, I don't know what you call it,
the Reformed Psycho.
He's basically a psycho from the game.
His primary form of attack is melee, which sounds lame actually when you think about it,
because this is a game about guns,
and also because the character I've been actually playing as Zero has a melee attack,
and I fucking hate using it, because I thought it cool.
I'm like, hey, cool, I have a samurai sword, I'm going to chop through people.
No, I just shoot them in the head and kill them.
And of course also there's going to be an Ultimate Vault Hunter upgrade pack on April 2nd.
It's going to raise the game's level cap from 50 to 61.
Not 60, but 61.
That's so much bigger.
And I guess the upgrade pack will be part of the season pass, so that's cool.
The psycho pack will not be part of the season pass content.
And also I guess the upgrade pack is going to have the Ultimate Vault Hunter mode,
which of course will raise the level caps of all the enemies in the third playthrough.
And of course the Ultimate Vault Hunter mode, that's going to be,
if you don't have the season pass, five bucks for 400 Microsoft points.
Also the psycho pack is 999 or 800 Microsoft points.
That's coming in May at some point.
And last piece of DLC I guess is coming out in June, and that's going to be part of the campaign.
Let's see here.
Now I'm laughing because I just got a text from Bobby Blackwolf saying,
I'm driving recklessly.
Yell at Bobby Thar, Sakura. Yell at him.
Ehh!
Fi! Fi!
That's my new word by the way.
No, we haven't done anything worthy of cancellation tonight.
Yet.
In this half of the show.
Alright. Sorry, Loki.
Dust and Lesion Tales coming to Steam.
And nowhere to win, but it is coming.
They're going to be, I guess, not going to be doing a whole lot different than the other versions.
But at least it'll look nice if I didn't see them.
And then the thing I want to know, is anyone going to fucking buy this game?
Because I kind of want to buy this game, but I want people to play with it.
No one answered me on Twitter, so fuck them.
I'm sure that they had more important things to do.
Wait, I think that was actually before PAX, so fuck you guys for not responding back in the first place.
And I bet if you ask on Tumblr, you'll just get a bunch of likes and no answers.
Yeah. So, but yes. Duke Nukem 3D has come out on Steam as part of this Megaton edition.
It's basically Duke Nukem kind of remastered with all the, basically, you know, I knew that they had expansion packs, but I never knew anything was actually kind of official.
I thought it was just kind of this third, like a company making like a skin or something and selling it.
Yeah, I always thought it was a bunch of homegrown shit.
But apparently it was official stuff.
Wait, but I have the actual Duke Nukem 3D Mega Edition CD-ROM. I can't just use that. I have to get the Steam version so I can play through Steam, right?
I think so, yeah.
Bitches. How much is it?
Ten dollars.
You know, I may have to do this. I'm tempted.
It's Duke Nukem 3D, the Atomic Edition, so you got your four campaigns right there.
Plus the three bundled expansions, Duke's Caribbean, Life is a Beach, Duke, Nuclear Winter, and Duke it Out in DC.
And I guess, you know, the PC and Mac, and they're the OpenGL versions of the game.
Duke Nukem's in our chat right now. Well, hail to the king, baby!
Saying, I used to have the Kiloton collection. That was official, I believe. That's the one we have.
Actually, Alan has it, and I just stole it.
Well, I got to Duke Nukem 3D when they were doing that thing with, was it, Good Ol' Games a while back, so I got that.
But they're going to add online multiplayer later on, I guess, via Steamworks and Linux support.
What? It doesn't have it right now?
No.
Then why would I buy it?
Instant gratification.
I don't care about that. I want, here's what I want, as part of, you know, Steamworks, I want custom app supports.
Because, man, I used to make Duke Nukem apps all day long, man.
That was, I had one, I love this story.
I had one where it was basically a water park, or water slide. It was just the moving water, and you would kind of go along with it and move really fast.
And there was a drop, because you take no fall damage, you fall in water.
So, the drop was done with holding page down, it would lower the floor.
I put a paperweight on page down and went and had lunch, and it came back later on.
That drop was five minutes long!
It was great!
But then how do you get back up to the top?
Super fast elevator. And if you hit the super fast elevator the wrong way, it will cause you to explode. But, it was awesome.
I'm only interested in this when it gets online multiplayer. I can't believe you set this whole thing up and you can't play it.
Like, why would I buy it right now?
I forgot, okay? Because I haven't bought it yet.
But you should buy it here. This is Duke Nukem.
I'll buy it when it's online multiplayer.
Yeah, exactly. Maybe we should wait until Steam Sale comes.
Yeah, I was going to say, and it'll be, the summer Steam Sale gets here, it'll be like $350.
Excited.
Well, I mean, in the meantime, Gary's Mod, $3.
They should just give it to anybody who bought Duke Nukem Forever.
Right? Like an apology?
We're sorry, here.
Like the SimCity thing.
Or like boob wall mode.
Alright, meanwhile, here's what I'll be playing on Steam.
Civilization V, a great Steam game. Another expansion coming out.
I was not expecting this, but Civ V Brave New World is the next expansion.
It will be launching in July.
I didn't catch everything that's supposed to be in this game,
but apparently one of the things they're adding are units from XCOM squads,
which is a little silly, but okay, it can work.
There are going to be paratroopers who drop in 40 units away,
as opposed to 9 units away.
So, alright, I can kind of see why they're doing that.
But I kind of missed what else was supposed to be big about this expansion.
Damn, there's not even the video of the XCOM units there anymore.
But, alright, if it's a Civ V expansion, I'm going to get it anyway.
I will buy that just as fast as Dark Tetsuya will be buying this next game.
It's La Mulana, which has a launch date now for Steam.
It's April 15th, just in time.
File your taxes, and then play an even greater enemy in La Mulana.
Or someone can get it for me for my birthday.
Perhaps, but your birthday isn't yet.
Not on April 15th.
It isn't yet, but it's that week.
But your birthday is a two-week celebration, correct?
My birthday is a fucking month celebration. What are you talking about?
It's a holiday in my universe.
So, anyhow, La Mulana is going to be on Steam on April 15th.
It's the remake of La Mulana, they say.
Anyhow, it'll be $15, but if you pre-order, you get a whole 10% off.
That's $13.50, y'all.
This is the version that's based on the WiiWare game, which took forever to come out.
But the Steam version will have the WiiWare DLC, Hell Temple.
Because, you know, the game wasn't hard enough.
You can plug in a USB controller, like your Xbox 360 controller, and the controller away.
Interesting comment this week from some of the folks behind Super Meat Boy.
Tommy Refens, talking about DRM in the wake of all the SimCity hubble blue going on.
Saying that basically DRM is how developers shoot themselves in the foot.
Companies try to combat piracy of their software with DRM, but if loss due to pirated software is not calculable to an accurate amount,
does the implementation of DRM provide a return on investment?
It is impossible to say yes to this statement.
The reality of our current software age is the internet is more efficient at breaking things than companies are at creating them.
A company will spend massive amounts of money on DRM and the internet will break it in a matter of days in most cases.
When the DRM is broken, is it worth the money spent to implement it?
Did the week of unbroken DRM for your game gain you any sales from potential pirates due to the inability to pirate at launch?
Again, there's no way of telling, and as such, cannot be used as an accurate justification for spending money.
Now, hold on though.
As much as you want to go, yeah, DRM sucks, and I do think overdoing DRM is pretty bad.
The Steam DRM doesn't annoy me, but some of these DRMs that we've heard about in the past where you get knocked offline and so forth,
that stuff annoys me. And the SimCity stuff, for me, that was really never an issue with the DRM.
I didn't really care. Just the fact that you had to play SimCity through Origin, I knew it was going to be bad.
But some folks are playing it and enjoying it, so you know what, more power to you.
I'm having fun with my games, you have fun with yours.
But here's the thing about this whole comment.
Did the week of unbroken DRM for your game gain you any sales from potential pirates?
See, I would argue maybe, because the most critical time for new game sales is that first week.
So yeah, if a copy protection or whatever scheme can hold things off for a week, then yeah, actually it might be worth it.
But at what price?
And that's the problem I have, is that when that DRM starts to step on the toes of the legitimate player, that's when I have a problem with it.
And when you have a game like SimCity where the DRM is really bad, as far as the launch week was all messed up,
you may have people that are just like, you know what, I'm just not going to pirate that game.
Because I don't want to play it.
And also, the next game that someone put out, they just may not care anymore.
They say, I had such a bad experience with this, I'm not going to buy this game.
I'm kind of done dumping on SimCity. There's just a million other games right now that are worthy of my time that I'll play instead.
Like The Walking Dead. The intro video. I kid you not, and you can even see this in the reviews.
Yeah, I saw the video. That was bad. The mouse is still there.
The mouse pointer.
That's bad.
Really? Really? Come on. That just says, I'm bragging about how little effort I put into this game. That's what that says.
And it's so sad that there's like, there's bad walking dead and there's good walking dead.
And the bad walking dead, people bought a lot, I'm sure a lot of people bought a lot of because,
or stores brought in copies of because the last one did really well.
Not knowing that the two have nothing in common except that they're based loosely on the same thing,
even though the good ones from the comics and the bad ones from the TV show, right?
Yeah.
That's unfortunate.
ActDeft in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com says, everyone should play The Walking Dead. The telltale game, of course.
Dungeon Buster speaking about SimCity in our chatroom at live.vognetware.com says, it has other issues outside of the always online thing.
Let's watch the broken traffic go in circles. I find the whole limited space, extremely limited space for the city kind of interesting.
Now, granted, the old SimCity games had that too.
But the fact that people have broken it so that you can go outside those lines is really curious to me.
But again, I had no interest in SimCity before. I really don't now. Let's move on.
I like a nap instead of SimCity. That sounds better.
No nap. Stories.
Eh. Rap.
This is supposedly rapid fire news that's been going on for 20 minutes now.
I know, right?
Speaking of The Walking Dead, by the way, it's supposed to be coming out on Vita, the telltale version, that is, as in the good one.
So you can play it on the Vita. They don't know when, or if it's even going to be episodic or if it's going to be all at once.
But it'll be there, so they say.
There's also the Indie Springs sale going on Steam right now.
Which, Rob, like I told you earlier, you need to get to the moon.
Everybody who is listening to my voice, get to the moon.
I even was considering getting Dark Souls Prepare to Die, because it was half off too.
I also picked up DLC Quest. I forgot to mention. I didn't play it, but I picked it up. It was like three packs.
I need to get that.
Incredibly short.
About an hour worth of your time.
For three bucks.
Three bucks, that's not a waste.
There's a lot worse things I could spend for an hour of my time.
There's also Runner 2, Future Legend of the Rhythm Alien, Super Hexagon, Proteus, Retro City Rampage, and VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV
I'm just gonna call it VVVVVVVVVVVVV
Which is a flipping great game, but everybody should've got it in that bundle.
Ah ha!
A flipping great game.
Home in Jamestown, and Kentucky Route Zero.
To the Moon, though, I am in love with that game.
I'm playing it very slowly on purpose.
To the Moon, Jamie! To the Moon!
I'm basically playing a level a week so that I can sort of draw out the game.
Because it's really, I really think it's adorable.
As I mentioned, Gary's mod for three bucks.
And Diablo 3 is supposed to be on consoles, but not necessarily exclusive to the PlayStation 3 or PlayStation 4.
It has been confirmed for both, but they're not saying that that's the only place it's gonna be.
Can you imagine if they brought it to the Vita?
That'd be pretty sweet.
That'd be cool.
Leaving the door open, though, for the Xbox 360 and the Wii U.
I could see the Wii U.
I want unicorns and ponies edition.
There's nothing but that map.
You need to go to Whimsieville or whatever it's called.
Yeah, they need to have the Whimsieville edition.
There's nothing but Whimsieville quests.
Whimsieville's kinda hard, actually, but...
Isn't it Whimsie Shire or something?
Who cares?
Ponies and unicorns.
And fairies and rainbows and barf.
Specific, specific, specifics.
CatastrophicMoggie in our chat room wants to know, are you excited for the To the Moon sequel?
Yes!
Called To the Venus.
No, I just made that up.
To the Butt.
No, I will be excited when I finish To the Moon.
Alright, that does it for rapid fire news tonight, so let's go to our FUGL question of the week.
It's very awkward.
We ask a question on Facebook and a question on Google.
We collect your responses.
You slam Facebook and Google together, you get Google.
And this week, you guys, not a serious question.
We decided to have a little fun with it this week.
In the spirit of PAX East and our upcoming 500th episode,
a lot of you have joked in the past that you'd like to see a VOGCON or some type of IRL event.
What would a VOGCON or your dream convention consist of?
So we're talking about people's dream conventions.
GamerGirl on Facebook starting us off saying,
I think it would consist of DDR event in house, whoever's it would be at, pizza, Mass Effect, and Pinkberry.
That's just a Friday night at Jamie's. What are you talking about?
Actually, that literally is a Friday night at my house.
Because that's exactly what I was doing.
VOGCON is suddenly she comes to slumber party at Jamie's.
That would be fun.
Haseo Tsumuragawa says, VOGCON should have Loki in the Tingle costume. Just saying.
Just get over it. I mean, seriously.
If you really want it to happen, Eye of Judgment would have worked. It just didn't, okay?
You know what, you should actually, you just should wear your Sackboy outfit.
I should have made that same bet with, you know, the frickin' wonder books.
That thing flopped almost faster than.
You should have made the same bet with the Wii U.
Oh, alright. Moving on.
That did still mill and copy, so.
Well then yes, you should have made the same bet with the Wii U.
In January, no.
Alright, AZHP responds and says, as someone who goes to conventions.
Don't we all go to conventions at some point?
Alright, as someone who goes to conventions, I don't really care what actually happens at the event.
As long as there are cool people to hang out with.
Which basically means that a VOGCON would automatically be the second best convention ever behind Fanime.
Let's be honest, guys. Fair enough.
I like Fanime.
James S. replies and says, alls I know is if Dan and Dark Sakura are in the same building,
they're not allowed to fight or bicker at one another at all.
Just kidding. Love you guys.
I lolled.
Dark Tetsuya said, I think each show on the network should be represented with a different event.
Like for us, I'm assuming meaning OLR, it would have to be either a classic game or a music game competition.
Celebrating both our roots and video game's roots in general.
I think we'd have to do the music game and let Bobby have the classic game.
Because he, you know, I can't remember his tag on off the top of my head.
But you know, he talks about gaming's history and all that.
Fabrice A. replies and says, Dan should host a DDR tournament called Dan's Central.
He would, you know what Dan's reply to that would be?
Dan's Central.
He'd make his gorilla face and go, really?
That got a like from Tiara, essentially. She replied and said seconded, essentially.
She would.
Alright. Osefer has an answer. Oh boy.
A vogcon would consist of different gingerbread treats and fuzzy red teddy bears named Rob.
Your sexy gingerbread legs.
The rave would only play disco disco and main dinner entrees would always be garnished with oranges.
Mmm, vog themed alcoholic drinks.
A gingerbread legs martini sounds nice.
Some cinnamon rum and butterscotch schnapps.
You got problems.
Eww, that sounds nasty.
That's so nasty.
Let's go to Code Man with hopefully a...
I like Code Man.
Less scary answer.
Hanging with the people that I listen to so much and finally, in other words, putting faces to the people that I love listening to.
Oh, and of course, DDR, Pinkberry, because I've never had it.
Loki in a tingle costume.
And most of all, and I repeat this, everyone that makes VOG a network meshing together and having a great time.
Because in the end, that's what matters most.
And then you follow that up with, oh, and Taco Cabana for Shane, which Shane liked.
See, I like Code Man.
Who doesn't like tacos?
I'm gonna give a like for tacos as well.
I like Code Man. Code Man's cool.
Yeah, he's cool.
We've been supposedly playing Mass Effect 3 online for like two weeks.
You know what? My next lol effect picture is going to involve tacos.
Amazing.
Everything should involve tacos.
In this case, it'll be indigestion.
Daniel N. replies and says, if I can see the OLR cast and Bobby get back on a DDR pad, and Bobby is in caps,
get back on a DDR pad on Heavy as they are now and a tattoo artist on hand to do Mass Effect art, that would be a good VOG con.
I believe, and I'm sure I'll get a text message in a few minutes here if I'm incorrect,
I don't believe Bobby was ever a DDR player.
He was way more into Beatmania and all that.
You know what's actually funny?
Well, since I've been getting on my big fitness kick, we're actually gonna be hooking back up the DDR in my house.
I would play DDR. I would bring back my alter ego, Dr. Dick, one last time at VOG con.
I liked Mr. Spanky.
But you wouldn't cosplay him.
Remember when I did the DDR tour?
Do you still have the hat?
I'm too fat to cosplay Mr. Spanky, and if you think these comments from Ossifer are creepy now...
Rob, Mr. Spanky was bigger than you.
Okay? I saw Mr. Spanky and that was disgusting.
That is true.
By the way, do you still have the hat?
That orange fuzzy hat?
I might, actually.
You know what I found when I was looking for my art supplies the other day?
The orange bat.
I still have that. I know I have that.
I have my orange bat.
I think mine might still have the signatures on it.
Mine does.
Nice.
Some comments from Google+. We can't forget Google+.
Flaco Jones saying,
How about a trophy presentation to the winningest VOG the game participant of all time?
Seriously though, any kind of hangout with each show getting a chance to take the stage would be cool.
And in Vegas, of course.
Nobody else suggesting the location.
I mean, we're in Sacramento, but there's lots of people on VOG.
So, we'd have to hold it in some type of central location.
So, anyhow.
Going next to actdeft.
For me, a VOGCon would just simply consist of hanging with all my fellow VOG staffers in the VOG community.
Playing games, talking or discussing.
Maybe doing a special show for all the listeners.
And doing what friends do. Enjoying the moment with each other.
Aww.
Excuse me, hairball.
And lastly, Rettertainment.
Loki in a tingle costume.
That is like three people that said that.
It's not gonna happen.
You got the closest thing.
The Sackboy was pretty epic.
An artistic reenactment of what that would look like.
And that was it.
Alright, awesome.
I actually read all the answers tonight.
But join us on Facebook or Google Plus for future questions.
We'll do some more serious ones next time.
But I thought that would be a fun question to ask.
What's your dream convention?
I will say this.
VOG may not be having a convention this year.
But we're gonna be heavily represented at DragonCon this year.
So I would say if you're in that southeast part of the country.
Or even if you're not.
Because I'm not. Really try to plan on that.
Because I'll be there representing OLR.
Travis will be there representing Under Sedation Live.
I'm pretty sure Pod Culture usually goes.
I'm sure they're still figuring it out.
Critical Myth I'm positive will be there.
Bobby will be there. British Invaders went last year.
So they'll probably go this year.
The only show that probably won't be there.
I even think Rama is talking about going.
I could be wrong.
But he went to Atlanta for something else.
So he can go to DragonCon.
The only one that I wouldn't know would be Girls Gone Wow.
And if we can make that happen.
Then Lordy we will fly one of their asses in from the UK if we could.
So that would be fun.
Wouldn't you want to party with Sil?
I would love for people to send me a ticket so I can go to DragonCon.
You can get on a bus.
Dark Sakura across America.
Alright.
There you go.
Our foogle question of the week.
Let's get back into some more news about video games.
Loki.
Alright.
So let's see.
Double Fine.
You remember they had that wonderful Kickstarter that kind of brought Kickstarter to the forefront?
Well Double Fine Adventures now has a name.
It is called Broken Age.
And I guess it was revealed at PAX East.
They even have a website now for it at brokenagegame.com.
And basically here's what it is.
Broken Age is a point and click adventure game telling the stories of a young boy and girl leading parallel lives.
The girl has been chosen by her village to be sacrificed to a terrible monster but she decides to fight back.
Meanwhile a boy on a spaceship is living a solitary life under the care of a motherly computer.
But wants to break free and lead an adventure and do good in the world.
Adventure ensues.
Adventure ensues.
That's the most important part.
Yes.
Hijinks occur.
If you didn't back the Kickstarter you can preorder the game via the website.
And yeah.
So it looks neat.
I don't really know.
I'll have to see when the game comes out.
Well a lot of people already bought it.
Yeah.
It's going to be one of the first games to come out that just besides maybe what Diablo 3 where they just give a million of them away because people already bought them.
Yeah.
So.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Some updates from Xbox games on demand.
Some reasons why day and date launches don't always make it to games on demand.
You know there's a big push to try and get games delivered digitally at the exact same time they show up in stores because you know the convenience of downloading them and needing to have that game right now.
Really goes a long way in selling them.
I know a lot of people bought Luigi's Mansion digitally because it came out right at midnight.
And a lot of people were like I can't even wait the six hours to get to the store.
Or I guess more than six.
But you know what I mean.
Anyhow.
Eric Yeager the senior business manager of Xbox games on demand.
This is why titles don't launch day and date alongside retail releases.
Quote.
We have a lot of strong partnerships with retailers.
We really need them to do a lot for us.
They're the ones out there selling the consoles.
Selling the peripherals.
And in this time we're trying to figure out how to fit that into the whole digital landscape shift.
We're just taking a bit of measured pace with it.
So very interesting.
Sort of kind of the converse of what you're seeing with Nintendo.
That they're actually purposely giving a little breathing room to the retailers.
Which is ironic considering those rumors that gained yet again more steam this week.
We didn't put it on the show roll tonight because it's the same fucking rumor we've heard for a couple months.
But more stuff out there apparently indicating that Xbox the new one will always be online.
I don't think it's actually going to be online only.
What do you think?
I think that people are misinterpreting what it is.
You think it's more of a.
I was on that.
I was on that boat too until I read closer and thought about a little bit.
I think the wording just a little weird.
But what they basically said makes sense.
And I think it's going to be.
First off there's a few reasons.
One.
It's incredibly risky to do that.
Because if they're the only company doing that.
Remember they have shareholders to answer to.
And they can't necessarily just go do this thing where.
Hey we're going to go ahead and cut out all of the retail marketplace.
Hahaha.
You know we're going to sell games digitally only.
Or you know we're going to basically prevent you from buying.
You know selling your game used and that kind of thing.
Here's what they basically said.
This is coming from some screenshots of the software development kit.
On vgleaks.com.
And basically they said.
Where I'm trying to find this exact.
Durango will implement different power states.
So it can be powered on.
We'll draw minimal electricity blah blah blah.
Kind of like the Playstation 4.
It says with this always on always connected design.
And now but see that's where everyone's like.
Oh always on always connected.
They said the console will be ready instantly when users want to play.
And will maintain a network connection so that the console software and games are always current.
I think the always on always connected means that it's going to have a standby.
And it's going to download those updates for your game.
And system updates when it's in standby.
So you don't have to fucking wait for an update to happen.
That makes more sense.
So I mean this was the same marketing spiel behind we connect 24.
Even though obviously that didn't do the system updates and stuff.
I mean the way that reads is an awful lot like they pitched we connect 24.
But see all these blogging sites and some of these guys that are trying to get near these headlines.
And trust me I bought into it too until I finally read it.
Always on always connected like oh there you go.
It's got to always be connected to the internet.
No I think if you want to use this feature where your console updates itself.
In standby so you don't have to wait for these updates and doesn't have to reset and stuff.
That's what they mean by this.
It's a feature so that because no one fucking likes waiting for these updates to happen.
You're trying to play a game and oh I got to wait five minutes for this shit to download.
That's what they're trying to prevent.
And so I think that no use games will be a thing.
I think that this is what they're trying to do.
And I think that everyone's going to be like very mistaken when they come out and announce this shit.
Well thank God it'll all be settled in less than a month hopefully at this point.
Because the announcement is supposed to be in April right?
The end of April.
Please let this be over with soon.
Dark Soccer in the meantime.
Well I have Mass Effect news.
As we warned you.
But this is actually really sad.
They're basically going into how seamless it was to get the character of Nirene the Female Turian in the Omega DLC.
That it was actually really smooth to get her accepted.
Except that that's really an exception to the case.
We've had plenty of games go through where a female character has been proposed.
And the game is shot down simply because of the gender of the main player, the protagonist.
Like Remember Me was shot down for the same reason.
And that there's a statement going out that basically.
And I really liked this statement here that's by the creative director for Remember Me.
Jean Maxime Morris said if you think that there's no way this medium is going to mature.
So it's really a lot of misogyny we need to.
Those stats they put out for that Mass Effect 3 panel were pretty eye opening though.
What was it only 18%?
18% of players beat it with Female Shepherd.
But that is, if you'll notice, the loudest part of the fandom.
Is that 18%.
And honestly I chalk that up to bros.
Caden is a squadmate less than 2% of the time.
I couldn't believe that.
That's because he was a whiny bitch.
Kidding.
So are you but you've been on 100% of these shows.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Yeah I've been on more like 95%.
Still.
But the other thing too is that they almost didn't make Tally playable in Mass Effect 3.
Which would have been a shame.
Basically enough people were passionate about it that they made her playable.
But I guess that might have to be why she wasn't even available until like halfway through the game.
And I mean I've been running across people who say,
Oh she's so irritating, she's so annoying.
I was like, hell she was great.
Even though she's not like a very strong squadmate.
I remember reading some story and I don't know if there's something you'd put on Tumblr or where.
But that a lot of characters weren't playable in Mass Effect 2.
Because they didn't want you to get them killed before 3.
Well yeah that was it too.
They were saying because they were part of I guess something that they had in mind for 3.
So that's why they didn't have them playable.
But still I think that everybody should have been playable for the last one.
There's a lot of stuff that could have gone better about Mass Effect 3.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
Some of those PAX East panels weren't broadcast. I hope they post them online like the BioWare one.
Me too. I'd love to see that actually.
Yeah.
Alright. Well we'll get to the mailbag shortly.
Or no. Do we get any emails this week?
No. Just the one that was just more for direction.
Are we reading it or no? I guess not.
Alright.
I checked. There's nothing else so.
Well shame on all of you guys for not emailing us.
Yeah how dare you.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Well we still have some news stories.
Well thank you capstrapootmoggy. I like tally as well.
Alright we still have some news stories for you guys.
Loki.
So this is kind of cool. There's a partnership that was announced by Sony and Unity.
Basically the Unity engine will now have ways to port games to the Playstation platform.
Including Playstation 4, PS3, Vita and Playstation Mobile.
And using these I guess it will be easier to take advantage of different system stuff.
Like the cameras and the touchpads and that kind of stuff.
Playstation Network.
And they say also because of that it will allow people to port titles easier to iOS and Android as well.
And I guess there's already some games that have used this.
Including Might and Delight's PID and Funbit's Escape Plan.
Oh I saw Funbit's Escape Plan.
Oh that was built in that game? That's pretty cool.
Remember that. That was the launch title.
PID and Funbit. Or PID.
What's PID?
I have no idea. PID is.
But yeah. Escape Plan looked kind of cool.
So cool.
And I know a lot of people use Unity for all sorts of things.
So porting games will be easier.
And it sounds like that they kind of are embracing kind of indie development a little bit better.
I think they're finding out that hey these indie titles that we're bringing over to like the Vita and stuff seem to be doing well for us.
Let's get them more involved with other consoles.
Making it easier to get your game on there. So I like that.
Is this something that will be for PlayStation 3 and 4?
Yeah. It's all stuff. 3, 4, Vita and mobile.
Well that's pretty cool.
Again it's with a new console coming out this year it seems like there's so much still on the PlayStation 3.
Yeah it's kind of hard to sell your next console when there's all this stuff coming to your current console.
Well you guys remember Street Fighter X Tekken.
And it was okay. I don't think it was as good as a lot of people were hoping it would be.
On Disney or DLC.
That's one of the things it will be remembered for forever.
Well remember Street Fighter X Tekken wasn't the only game that was supposed to happen there.
There was supposed to be another game, Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
Which was Namco's version of the game basically.
As more of a Tekken style fighter.
No news on that in a while.
But producer Katsuhiro Harada responding to a fan on Twitter said quote.
We are changing and considering platform strategy.
That's why we don't say anything.
So a lot of people are speculating that based on that message.
Oh they're going to move it up to PlayStation 4 and the new Xbox.
As opposed to the current gen which would make a lot of sense.
It would also kind of give them a chance to really reinvent some things.
And hopefully make people forget about the fact that they didn't care for Street Fighter X Tekken.
So you can't really see how this is bad news.
Except the fact that it's going to be a little while longer before this game comes out.
DarkSakura, I know you're a fighting girl fan.
You're a fighting game girl fan.
Are you excited about Tekken Cross Street Fighter?
I'm reserving judgement.
I'm not going to get it right away.
Okay.
Unless that trailer comes out and you're like oh my god.
Oh my god Jen. Oh my god Ryu.
So we'll see.
I like even this little teaser image. Ryu looks great.
I like him kind of the Tekken style.
Well I even have to say that I've always been a fan of the Street Fighter characters done in the style of another game.
Like remember SNK?
I loved their renditions of the Street Fighter characters.
Not on the show roll tonight but I want to say I heard that CVS2 is supposed to be coming out for PlayStation Classics or something like that.
So you can get it on PS3.
That would sort of be a big why for me.
Because it's awesome.
Because I've already got it.
Yeah.
I would like to see it re-release. You could do like online battles would be pretty cool but.
For matching service. We need more games that say for matching service in the title.
We do need.
You know I've actually got the Vampire Savior for matching service.
That I forgot completely that we actually owned that game.
So I might sell it.
Did you ever read gamer girl's comment in chat here Loki about PID?
PID is a side scroller in which you play a little boy who gets lost and gets put on a planet and has to find his way home.
And she gives you a link there to PID.
All right.
Tigerclaw following up with the Mass Effect information from earlier saying there was some mention about the Mass Effect movie during that panel.
But nothing like when it's coming out because I don't think they even started.
They've never even. They haven't even started yet.
You know I'd probably see it out of morbid fascination but I just wouldn't.
For me. I am so deeply entrenched into the game playing as a female shepherd that to think of playing it as a guy is inconceivable to me.
I really hope somebody puts their foot down and makes it a fem chef.
I can. I really do.
I think it would be a great character but I don't know.
I also kind of want them to really fuck with the fandom and do something really atrocious in the game like do a decision that like can't even happen in the game.
Like have Caden and Ashley survive Vermaier or like something that just totally like makes fan boys and fan girls just like what are you doing.
I really want that to happen.
I want Dark Soccer to twitch nervously when she's watching Mass Effect.
Honestly. I wouldn't care.
I want Garrus to die.
No! No!
Oh my god Rob I can't believe you'd say something so horrible.
Okay.
I'm done. I'm gonna leave right now to get my soda.
Alright. This is the part where we would do the mailbag.
Fuck you.
But you didn't email us. Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
Maybe you should do that for next time.
So instead we'll go right into the FUs of the week even though this is really not a good time to be doing that but it is what it is.
This is fucked up.
I have two FUs really. One of them is to my iPad for not supporting Java so that I can sign up for something that Rob's gonna be talking about later.
And then my other one goes to the stupid bitch face.
Okay I actually have another one than that.
To bitch face number one who was in the car in front of me and one of those homeless guy panhandlers was outside.
And she turned on her windshield wipers for the entire period of time that we were at the light and started flinging water at him.
And it was clearly on purpose because her car was not dirty.
You could see all the way through her windshield and back windshield.
She's just doing it to be a bitch.
So I gave him 50 cents.
Instead I apologize on behalf of humanity.
Not really. But I did give him money.
And then to my former boss bitch face.
I don't care if you fuck with me. Don't fuck with my friends.
I'm done.
Logie.
Um. I guess I have to be the fact that my coworkers gone so I got no one to talk to.
Yeah.
Fuck my hand for being weak. Thank you Rob.
I opened a bottle for Dark Sakura.
Cause I'm strong.
Cause all the pressure builds up inside.
Alright.
And fuck the Mass Effect movie.
F you to the freaking wild turkeys in this neighborhood.
They're all assholes.
Like one of them literally flew right in front of my car today with a death wish.
Wanting me to hit.
So I have to slam on the brakes.
Thank god there wasn't a car behind me or I probably would have been in an accident.
I probably would have gotten whiplash thanks to the stupid fucking turkey that lives near here.
So F you to the turkeys.
Why you so stupid turkeys?
Tell me.
Did you know that actually turkeys were rated as one of the most stupid animals to live?
Well thank god we eat so many of them once a year.
I wouldn't eat the wild turkeys in this neighborhood.
Who knows what the fuck they've been eating.
That's true.
They probably taste like radiation.
Alright.
That does it for the FUs of the week.
A couple more news stories for you guys.
And then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
But first a couple stories.
So apparently there has been some research into video games and their effects on kids with dyslexia.
And actually allowing them to be able to read.
And this is kind of cool.
They did a study basically where they had 20 kids.
20 dyslexic children playing Rayman's Raving Rabbids.
Which is crazy as it is.
For a total of 12 hours over 9 days.
And of course the game has a ton of crazy mini games and that kind of fun stuff.
And basically before and after the 9 days of game playing the researchers tested the kids on several different tasks.
Including reading speed and accuracy, word recognition, and their ability to pay attention to multiple types of input.
Sight and sound at once.
Before playing the games the two groups were both equivalent in these tasks.
But after 12 hours of the games the kids that played the mini games showed significant improvements in their ability to read.
They read faster, more accurately, and they recognized more words than they had before the treatment.
Meanwhile the children that had played non-active mini games didn't do any better on the tests.
So that's kind of neat.
I think that's a great story with all the crap that video games get sometimes.
I'm glad to hear something where it's bona fide showing that it's helping in a particular scenario here.
You know, helping children with this. It's great.
It's almost like all those years spent telling mom it improves my hand-eye coordination.
Like now there's the science to back it up.
Yes.
But the science has always been there.
I mean for the sake of reading.
And this is something actually we learned in typography.
The human brain will read lowercase letters better than it will read anything that's all caps.
A good reader reads the shape of the words, not the individual letters.
So doing something that's going to improve time cognition for getting instinctive action over slow and methodical picking it out
would definitely, I think, improve that skill when it comes to actually reading a shape of a word.
You know that's really funny because when I was studying broadcast journalism
whenever you look at scripts for TV shows and stuff or the teleprompters, everything's always written in caps.
And it's not, you know, everybody makes that joke like, why are you yelling though?
But they actually say it's to make you slow down.
That's why they write scripts like that.
Exactly.
Because it's the opposite of what you're saying.
I'll say one more thing on the subject.
They were doing a study of different types of readers.
You know, basically really slow, really low level readers and then higher level readers.
And they timed blink rates and pause rates for when people were reading.
And the slower readers would blink and pause more often, usually in the middle of a word as opposed to at the end of sections of words.
Very cool.
All right. One more news story for you guys before we get to the Skype line.
And it's about a sequel to an old favorite here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Gravity Entertainment recently announced Ragnarok Online 2.
Actually, this wasn't years ago they announced this.
Yeah, yeah, but I don't care because I'm signing up.
Ragnarok Online 2, Legend of the Second.
With music done by Yoko Kanno.
Really?
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Apparently, this game is now finally almost here.
It's supposed to be an open beta in mid-April.
Pre-registration is available.
You can also check it out on the Facebook page.
I want to check out this little trailer here in studio.
And if it goes anything like the last Ragnarok Online, it's going to be in beta for seven years.
Most likely.
Is there any actual gameplay in this video, or is it just a bunch of frickin' cutscenes?
No, but there's YouTube video from the alpha.
Will I get to fight, what were they called, Prinnies, the little slime people?
Pourings.
Pourings.
Oh, Prinnies are the dudes from Disgaea. What am I thinking?
Oh my god, the alphas look so awesome.
Okay, how long did I play Ragnarok Online, Rob?
I don't know, how long until they banned you!
No, no they didn't. I actually played, I was one of, let's put it this way,
if I go back and play the International Ragnarok Online right now,
I can get all of my characters back and all of my old stuff because I was in the alpha.
Because you're a super nerd and you have a badge to prove it.
I sure do.
Alright, well let us know if you're able to get in the beta for Ragnarok Online 2 and don't get banned.
Alright.
I've never been banned!
You're banned from this show, get out.
I used to be friends with some of the GMs, shit.
Alright, we are at the end of our news, so we're going to open up the Skype line.
And I'm hoping we're going to hear from some people that went to PAX East tonight.
So we're going to open up the phones and see what happens.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the toll free number you can use to call.
Or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
But remember, if you do call us on Skype, you want to call ECHO123 first, just to test your connection.
Oh, phone's already lighting up, we got a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
I'm driving recklessly, guys.
Hey, Bobby!
I just got in the door.
You just literally walked in the door back from PAX East.
But is the fence still intact?
Yes! It is.
Is it offensive?
No, did you hear about Bobby's fence drama?
No.
Oh, about the people cutting through his yard?
Yeah.
And then the kids that decided once I locked it that they needed to teach me a lesson by tearing it down?
Fuck them.
Then didn't you get it all fixed and then a little mini tornado took it out anyway or something?
They took one of the other signs. The mini tornado took my 99 cent no trespassing sign.
So I had to replace that.
I'm not reporting that to my insurance, though.
You were not having luck this week.
But then you got to go to PAX East and hopefully that made it all better, right?
Yes, it did.
Well, how was it?
It was great. I had a great time. I met a lot of people, especially from the community, and I wanted to open up with this.
And I told him I was going to say this.
Because I've been listening to OLR for a long time. Maybe not all ten years.
But I've been listening to OLR and a lot of times during OLR I always roll my eyes because what do I hear near the end of the show?
Hi, this is Legend of Zaku. How are you doing, Rob?
So I actually got to meet Legend of Zaku.
And he's actually an energetic, interesting, fun person to be around.
He's nothing like what you hear on Sunday night.
He's a great guy, and I hope he's on to hear this.
Because people in the past have actually said, like, why do you let that guy on your show?
And I'm like, because if you meet him, he's actually kind of cool, so stay pressed.
Every gamer has a voice, right?
And he's basically saying, yeah, I'm just chill because I have to work the next morning and everything.
But Friday night he's bouncing off the walls and everything.
Good times.
I just wanted to give that little insight to OLR.
Yeah, he's like, hi, this is Legend of Zaku.
No, he actually does have a personality, and it's a good one.
You've got to pound on the keyboard.
Alright.
So you got to meet a lot of people, right?
Like, SSJ100Matt was there, right?
I met SSJ100Matt a couple times.
I met Jon from Critical Myth.
Met up with him.
Met up with Ranma and a bunch of people from the cosplay group that he's in.
Anime Jam Session.
I got to meet Misty.
And Hitstun found us.
And met some other people from the community.
It was a good time. I didn't get to see Havoc978.
I didn't go to the Bring Your Own Computer area all that often, so that's kind of where he hangs out.
But comparing PAX East to PAX Prime, I can see why they're saying that PAX East is the real PAX.
Just because that convention center is huge.
I don't know if the one you went to was in this convention center.
No, I went to the very first one that was at that other convention center downtown that I don't think they have it at anymore.
It's the same one that Anime Boston, I think, is at.
I think, yeah, it's the Boston Convention Center, which is really close to the airport, which is great.
Because I'm so used to, like, in Los Angeles and Seattle, it's like a 40-minute cab ride to get from the airport to the convention center.
In this one, it's like, you know, 10 bucks.
Well, the problem is LA is gigantic, and then the Seattle airport is actually Seattle-Tacoma.
So it's in between the two.
We had that nice limo ride.
Yeah, that was the first limo ride I ever took in my life was when we went to Penny Arcade Expo from the airport there.
Because we were like, we're rock stars, we're taking a limo.
Actually, when we did the DDR Freak moderator trip, they sprung for us to get limos from the...
Must be nice.
It was fun in Las Vegas.
Didn't you get to ride the limos for the Windows 7, the Microsoft Windows thing?
That was the second, that was after that PAX.
Okay, that was the E3, yeah.
And that video we made that never got put on the internet, but whatever.
Yeah, they stopped at the one that me and Glenn did.
That was the one they stopped at.
And they're like, we can send you the raw assets if you want to cut something together.
And we're like, no, that's not why we did it.
So the thing that's kind of funny is because I did a podcast with the Boston Bastard Brigade and Electric Sistahood,
and there was a whole bunch of other podcasters, and we did a podcast that's going to be coming out this week sometime.
We recorded it this morning at 10 AM.
It was actually a lot of fun being in there.
It was a round table type podcast.
But what struck me as interesting, and they had to cut off the end of the podcast because they were losing that room,
was that they were treating this a lot like E3.
And they're like, what do you think of PAX? What games did you play on the show floor?
And I couldn't get in that I'm like, I think they missed the point of PAX.
I mean, the show floor is a big part of it, but PAX is so much bigger than that.
And some of the stuff that I saw at PAX that really blew me away was not on the show floor.
I walked in, and this just hit my nostalgia bone. Two things hit my nostalgia bone.
I walked into one room. It's really dark.
And all it had in there, and I'm not kidding, 16 fully functional steel battalions.
That sounds awesome.
Eight of them were system link with the multiplayer game, and then they had four playing the single player.
That sounds like my house, except I have two.
Sixteen, all fully functional, and they had the one enforcer who knew everything about the game,
and he was yelling at people kind of military style and giving them, kind of like the old,
kind of like the spiel that you would get from Mecor if you're doing the battle tech pods and stuff.
So that was really neat. And then they had the classic console room.
And they actually did, in the corner, have like a Commodore 64 with a five and a quarter inch disk drive.
That you could load in, and they had the Apple IIe with the disks.
And just going through there, and that and MagFest, the music and game convention,
they had a room, and it was jam sessions, and Megaran performed in there outside of the normal concerts,
like the big name concerts. They had the smaller, lesser known bands actually perform in this room,
and it was all day. And that's what sets PAX apart from E3, even though if you listen to most podcasts,
they're going to concentrate on the E3 aspects of PAX.
But what about that show floor? Because there were some games that showed up that we hadn't heard of yet,
like Hearthstone, and we talked earlier in the show about Saints Row IV, and the DuckTales game from Capcom.
Okay, let me start here, okay? Because we rag on Capcom, right?
Right, of course.
We mess everything up. I mean, I thought that I had played the worst demo in the world, Ni No Kuni.
And then Capcom comes along and Capcom's the demo. Because Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate,
the worst demo I have ever played. Ni No Kuni is no longer the worst demo I've ever played.
Yeah, no, I actually mentioned, you were surprised on the plane we were doing Gaming Week,
but I actually mentioned you and that whole thing in Gaming Week, because I hated the demo as well.
But I have friends that love Monster Hunter, and I'm like, I wouldn't know that from this demo.
And so, yeah, I think I landed, and we were on the Classic Game of the Week when I got in my car from the airport.
Anyway, I'll catch the podcast. So, I learned, okay, they're doing DuckTales, and I'm like, they can't mess this up.
How can Capcom mess this up? I just, I just, you can't, I mean, it was perfect, and stuff.
You want to know how Capcom messed this up?
They let the Pink Palace developers do it.
No, no, no, here's how they messed it up at PAX.
How?
There's only one copy of the game in the entire city of Boston.
One copy on one single kiosk. It's a seven-minute demo.
The line went around the corner of the booth, and they had to cap it because it was already four hours long.
To play the seven-minute demo. It was the only copy they had.
They did not have any other copies for press to go behind the scenes.
They do a GDC. They're going to be shown at a GDC behind the scenes to people who are going to be there.
But that was the only copy they had, and, see, here's the thing that a lot of people probably don't realize,
is that Capcom in that panel announced two games.
They announced DuckTales, and they announced this remake of the old Dungeons & Dragons four-player arcade game.
And so their idea was they were going to have those two games just next, side by side, next to each other.
Nobody's playing the Dungeons & Dragons game.
Oh, that's sad.
I know, that game is absolutely awesome.
To be fair, though, news about that one had leaked last week.
Because I remember talking about it on last week's show.
We already kind of knew that was coming.
But the DuckTales one was a complete surprise.
And so I was up there, and I asked the lady from Capcom,
I'm like, so, why do you only have one kiosk of this, that?
And she shot me this look.
Like, oh my god, I wish you had not asked that question.
And this is like an hour after they had unveiled that side of the booth.
It was covered up until the panel.
And so I, in order to save her, I was like, is that the million dollar question?
She's like, that's the five million dollar question.
So they are, they knew, like I think when everybody started singing in that panel,
I think they realized they messed up only bringing one copy of the game.
I think it's because it's running on dev kits, and they only have minimum amounts of dev kits.
That's exactly my thought, because remember, GDC is happening literally, what, tomorrow or Tuesday?
Starts Tuesday.
Yeah, when GDC starts, all the dev kits are probably in San Francisco.
They can't be in two places at once.
No, Rob, Passover starts tomorrow.
Anyway.
But what they could have done is since nobody's touching that stupid Dungeons and Dragons game,
make that DuckTales!
That's not stupid!
Put on the last stage, you know, cover up the Dungeons and Dragons with like a really,
you know, crude notebook paper and Sharpie saying DuckTales.
And just do that.
And then that four hour wait would have been a two hour wait.
I'm gonna get the one dude to come by.
Where's Dungeons and Dragons?
I heard there was a Dungeons and Dragons game, I wanna play it.
Dude, okay, the Dungeons and Dragons game is awesome, and I probably would have played that
if everyone else was over DuckTales.
Yeah, you could have walked right up to play that one.
But then there's the long line of everybody trying to watch DuckTales.
And what does it say about, I don't know if this is a good thing or a bad thing,
so this is an open question, what does this say about PAX in terms of game announcements,
considering this was not the only game announced there, that the most excited people got
over an announcement at PAX was a remake of an NES game?
It's one that's near and dear to everybody's hearts, though.
I mean, you go great NES games, and people remember, DuckTales is on a lot of lists.
So, I mean, I can kind of see it.
And it does look great.
I hope it delivers.
But aside from that, the best part about PAX is that they embrace the indie culture.
And the indie games. And the indie games take up pretty much half the show floor, is all indie games.
Probably even more so than your AAA titles.
Because you gotta realize Activision wasn't there, Sony really wasn't there that much,
they had The Last of Us, and that was about it.
But indie games, like just all these crazy ideas, I actually played on an Ouya.
Oh my gosh, they exist!
It exists, the controller is terrible.
Aw, Quincy!
It's unresponsive, but I actually played a game that actually makes use of that touchpad
in a way that makes sense.
In the same touchpad that's gonna be on the Playstation 4, the game I played there is a Saturday morning RPG.
It's an 8-bit, kind of, turn-based RPG, but with a lot of, like, some of the minigames in there,
you're playing Simon, and stuff like that.
It's about, like, basically Saturday morning cartoons or this kid's real life.
But right before each battle, you scratch off stickers.
And that's what you use the touchpad for.
By scratching, you act like you're scratching off a sticker.
So, it was a neat game, and it's actually a launch title for the Ouya, so I played that a little bit.
And the buttons on the Ouya controller, it's O-U-Y-A.
Of course.
And so it's like, press O to do this, so I press what winds up being the A button on the controller,
because that's the circle button on the Playstation controller.
It's gonna take some getting used to.
And even the developer said, I don't like the button placement.
Like, I don't like the way they did that.
Like, you know, they should have been some kind of standard or something.
But I did play that.
But there were some other neat things that I saw that I wasn't able to get interviews with.
There's, for the hardcore of the hardcore, I'm talking, like, I don't know if Dungeon Buster's in chat,
because, like, this is up his alley.
He is in chat.
Okay, he is in chat.
Dungeon Buster, this is straight up your alley.
The game's called Artemis.
And this is a spacecraft simulator, in the sense like the old Star Trek.
So imagine the Enterprise.
Except it's multiplayer across PC, iPad, iPhone, I think even Android.
And you are basically a crew member.
And so what they had set up, they had them on laptops there.
And they had five stations.
You have your captain, your science officer, your engineering officer, your navigation, and your weapons guy.
And you're all cross-talking.
You have your screen.
And the way they had it set up there is you had your screen that had, like, a radar and things you could do.
Then they had a main screen that actually had the 3D render of what it was doing.
And they were all talking to each other.
Okay, you know, turn the ship to 160 degrees.
You know, get close.
Okay, comm officer, request docking.
Comm officer will say, okay, you know, we've got permission to dock.
And then the navigation perk guy would actually dock with the station.
And then, you know, battle stuff.
They would look at, you know, okay, when do I turn on the shields?
And the captain would start yelling out orders.
And it's this social game where basically all of you are working together to fly the spaceship,
have space battles, and I guess deliver cargo and stuff.
It was amazingly interesting.
I didn't get a chance to play it because it was a 20-minute demo.
So it was kind of hard to get in on it.
But that's actually out now.
And here's the thing about Artemis, is that they don't like DRM.
And so what you can do is when you buy the game, you're actually buying a license to the ship.
So basically you buy that one ship, and they don't check for this.
So this is honor system.
But then you can send the game to five of your buddies as long as they're all flying on your ship.
So only one person has to buy the game for five people to fly the ship and play the game.
That's pretty cool.
It's kind of like a DS title where everybody can download from the one person.
I don't know, kind of.
That's kind of what I'm thinking of when you say that.
That's really cool.
So that was one of the games that I saw.
Another game that a lot of people were probably talking about,
I don't know if you ever heard of this game called Divekick.
I think so, yeah.
Divekick, this is the most complex fighting game ever.
And it's coming out for PlayStation 3 and Vita and stuff like that.
And the way that they had it there was that they actually had an arcade-style controller.
There are two buttons, dive and kick.
And so you select your character, and there were five characters in the game.
And one of them is kind of funny because the name of the character was Wolverine.
And so they got a cease and desist letter.
So the name of that character is now redacted with a strike through it.
So basically in Divekick, it's the standard thing.
And you have the little guy go, okay, ready? Divekick!
And then you can jump with the dive button and then kick with the kick button.
Or if you just hit the kick button, you dive.
And it's basically whoever hits the other person first, it's a one-shot kill.
Even though it shows all these health bars at the stop, but it's a one-hit thing.
And you're basically just jumping and diving, and that's all you're doing.
And it is the most hilarious, funny fighting game I've ever played.
So it sounds like you saw a lot of gems, really, like these little indie gems.
I did not see a bad game.
That's good.
I did not see a bad game. Even in the card game, board game section, I did not see a bad game.
Because the area was probably just as big as the video game section,
but they had the whole tabletop section, and the entire perimeter of the tabletop section
were vendors and people showing off tabletop board games, card games, things like that.
And that was in there, and that's where I actually played a game that I actually did buy,
a card game called Flame War, which triggered my PTSD of the G4 forums thing.
Because you're playing as a forum moderator, trying to create forum threads and then closing them,
but the way that you attack other players, you flame on their threads.
And all the cards have internet memes on them.
Awesome.
And so I did buy it, and one of the cards is the ban hammer.
And so people that were around in the G4 days, they actually were selling a shirt of the ban hammer,
which was basically a hammer that said ban in it, and yes, I did buy that shirt.
Of course, you have to.
I have the ban hammer shirt, so anybody that remembers me from the G4 days will appreciate that.
That is amazing.
Obviously, you say PAX is a lot more than just the expo floor, the community and all that.
I saw some pictures on Facebook.
It looks like you guys were up very late playing Cards Against Humanity.
Yes, and that was pretty much like...
At Dragon Con, I'm used to seeing people in a circle playing Are You a Werewolf?
And here, everybody was playing Cards Against Humanity.
Because they released the third expansion, which sold out on Saturday.
But they also had these three PAX East exclusive packs that you could get.
If you found them, you got them.
And they were either in the swag bag or if you went to the Kickstarter room, you could get it from them.
And they were handing them out.
Cards Against Humanity was huge at PAX.
A lot of people were playing that everywhere that you looked.
I think that game took off.
I think that's a Kickstarter success story right there.
Probably Streetpassed with about 11 billion people.
Yes, I would have Streetpassed with more if I kept at it, but I wound up filling all my pieces and completing Find Me.
But I now have, I think, over 1,000 Streetpasses total.
And that's from all the E3 and all the other stuff that I've done with it.
I'm only up to 500 and I thought I had a ton from...
Well, you see, I thought I had a ton too.
And then I was sitting next to somebody when I went into the Rock Band panel.
Which is the only panel I went to, which was the behind the scenes.
They named names and everything. It was awesome. It's never going to be broadcast.
But I was sitting there and he had like 2,800.
And I remarked on it and he just looked at me and was like, I'm a cast member at Disney World.
And so the Rock Band panel was, you're never going to see it broadcast.
Because they actually spent about 10 minutes saying, we could get in so much trouble if you...
And they're looking right at the IGN and the Polygon guys in the front row with their laptops out.
And they kept looking and they're like, don't write this. Please don't write this.
Because they actually were naming names.
And talking about, here's where we fucked up, is basically what it was.
And they went through, hey, we announced Rock Band Japan. Yeah, let's tell you what happened with that.
And they were showing video, like concept video of Rock Band Japan.
And basically Rock Band Japan died because Japanese licensing is worse than American music licensing.
And people in Japan have small rooms.
But they also talked about Pearl Jam Rock Band, which actually was announced by Pearl Jam.
But they actually showed concept video of that and how it was going to be about the Pearl Jam live experience.
Because Pearl Jam is a very active bootlegging culture and live video.
So they were actually putting it around their...
And the video in the background was actually going to be video footage from a lot of these concerts.
Iconic Pearl Jam concerts.
And it just, for whatever reason, it didn't work out.
And they then coughed and said, any better.
But then they talked about, yes, we know you want Muse.
And they basically kind of explained how something happened and that's why they don't have Muse.
They actually talked about Pink Floyd and actually how they made concept video of doing Dreamscape type of stuff with Pink Floyd tracks.
The Beatles Pink style stuff.
And they actually had concept art that they sent off to Pink Floyd and it just never happened.
Same, Led Zeppelin also had a little bit of that.
They had some stuff like that.
And then they talked about the Guns N' Roses debacle.
And just kind of the highlight of this was where apparently there was a leaked video that came out.
A viral video that went out of an unnamed harmonics employee, which everybody tried to name.
Saying, hey, we got the entire Guns N' Roses library, Appetite for Destruction, everything.
And we're going to do this and this and this and this.
And it was a hoax.
It was a hoax video, but it was an extremely believable hoax.
And it turns out it was by somebody who at the time was just a dumb kid.
Now he's in the game industry and they're like, should we name him?
Yeah, we're going to name him.
Dan Rickert, who was like one of the head guys at Game Informer now.
Is the person who actually made that video and made harmonics life a living hell.
Oh my gosh.
For several months.
Wow.
So, but of course no news on the future.
I mean, I know we got the news about American Pie being the last DLC song.
That's the big song.
But nothing about the future, of course, right?
No, but I did get to, because I do know both Nick Chester and John Drake.
And I was up to see both of them during the show.
And I didn't ask them what they were working on because I knew they couldn't tell me about that.
And I asked them, will I think it's cool?
And I told them, hey, I've been with you guys since frequency days.
And John looked at me and he's like, you will find this cool.
You will find what we're doing cool.
We're going to announce it.
We're hoping to announce it at E3.
He's like 95% sure.
He doesn't want to say anything more than that.
But I told him, yeah, I was with you in the frequency and amplitude days and all that stuff.
And he's like, it's not rock band.
But considering what I like of Harmonics' past, he says, I will think that what they're coming up with is cool.
And he's very excited about it.
And that's all I could get out of him.
Well, Bobby, it sure sounds like we missed a heck of a show.
I'm sad, but it is what it is.
But anything else about PAX East you want to share with us?
I got a whole ton of interviews.
I am going to be probably putting them out on my podcast, or some of them on my podcast feed.
Because if I did one a week, every week, they would go until June.
Tell us more about Saints Row IV.
Well, I did see Saints Row IV.
And I'm going to break this news.
I told Rob about this.
Because now Deep Silver is handling Saints Row IV.
I have a very good relationship with Deep Silver.
So, you know, THQ never gave me the time of day, but Deep Silver did.
And they were showing Saints Row IV to the press in the hotel that's connected to the convention center.
Instead of having to wait in line.
And also that way they weren't bumping people out of the line, bumping attendees.
They had press in a different area.
And so I went in there, and it's the same video.
The same ten minute video that they were showing everybody else.
And they had developers in there, and they're like, yeah, interviews and stuff.
You know, do interviews.
So I went up to our PR contact.
Her name is Stephanie Shop.
She is amazing.
And I went up, and Stephanie Shop also, if you listen to my show,
she was responsible for getting the MechWarrior online, and the Devolver Digital,
and all those interviews, the ones I did kind of in November.
She was responsible for setting all those up.
And I was like, hey, you know, so can I get an interview with one of the Saints Row guys?
The developers.
And she looked at me and said, no, you can't.
And I'm like, okay.
And she's like, because I'd rather you do one of your long form Skype interviews
in a couple weeks with them.
Nice. Very nice.
Because it would be a five to ten minute quickie interview there,
and she's like, I'd rather you do one of your long form ones with these guys.
So you don't have a date yet, though, right?
No date.
Well, because she's heading off to GDC.
I'm not bugging her until after GDC.
Sure, sure.
But she said she does want to do it in the next couple weeks, so it could be pretty soon.
Awesome.
Well, it sounds like you made a lot of great connections at PAX East.
You had a really good time, making us all jealous we didn't go.
But hey, there's Dragon Con and E3, hopefully.
You're going to have a great time at Dragon Con.
We are going to have a great time at Dragon Con.
No, I'm seriously looking forward to it.
It's going to be great.
And yeah, I mean, I probably do have more stories.
I saw a lot of other great indie games, some that weren't even on the show floor that I got to see.
And those interviews are going to be airing throughout the next couple weeks,
and we're going to be getting some review copies of those.
And it's a good time to be a gamer. Shut up with the hate.
Of all the stuff I did, I did not see a single bad game, even looking through all the indie stuff.
I did not see a single bad game.
Transistor. I think that's the Supergiant games from Bastion.
If you want to know what my game of show is.
That?
That's it.
Interesting.
That was the last thing I played.
That was the last thing I did before going to the airport was I got to play that game.
And it is Bastion in the future with...
It's different enough from Bastion, but you can tell that it's a love of Bastion.
Logan Cunningham comes back to do the voice, but he's doing a little bit different voice,
and instead of being the narrator, he's actually the voice of your sword.
That's how they work the narration into it.
So your sword's constantly talking to you.
And it's not narration, the sword's actually giving you direction and advice.
And you can stop time and queue up actions, and it's all badass and everything.
That probably is my game of show.
SSG100Matt says his girlfriend agrees with you. Transistor's the game of the show.
Didn't the talking sword thing happen in a Mercedes Lackey novel?
I think it's distant enough that it's alright.
It actually did.
I think it's distant enough that it's alright.
Well, Bobby, I know you're going to have plenty to say on the next episode of your show.
I can't imagine there's a person listening to this that doesn't know about your show,
but just in case, please plug away.
I am the opening band, not the band that you came to see.
But I'll only be here for five or six songs, and then I'll go away.
An hour before O.O.R., 8 p.m. Eastern, 5 p.m. Pacific on Sunday nights.
Usually it's me doing a monologue for 30 minutes, taking calls from Break Man for another 20 minutes,
and then talking to you guys for 10 minutes.
And that's my show, and we've got a lot of great interviews coming up.
A game book being put into iPad, an old-style 80s game book, Steve Jackson's Sorcery.
It plays like an Infocom text adventure as well, but looks really great.
We're going to talk to them.
An iPad brawler that does not use virtual controls, and it plays more like Fruit Ninja,
and it actually does work.
I do get to talk to Phoenix Online Studios with Cognition and the silver lining
in the next game that they're doing with Jane Jensen.
I got to talk to Mommy's Best Games about guns on top of guns and on top of guns.
Nathan Fouts, he's also been on Fox News a lot recently,
and we talk about why that happened and what he thinks of that.
So there's a lot of great content that I've got in my suitcase that is still locked up
and sitting in the hallway because I ran in here.
All right, Bobby, go unpack.
We're going to let you go so we can get a couple more calls,
but thanks so much for spending some time with us tonight.
No problem, and remember, if Legend of Zaku calls in and he's all like,
That's not him.
It's really a funny guy.
It's an act.
It's an act.
All right, Bobby Black Wolf Show calling out the OLR regulars tonight.
All right, have a good one, Bobby.
Take care.
Take care. Bye.
The one and only Bobby Black Wolf, everybody.
We let him go a little long tonight, but you know what?
I'm excited to hear from some people that were at PAX East.
He always has us on our show, or he always has us on his show.
It's the least we can do, and he has a lot of great info from the floor.
I'm hoping we'll get some more PAX East-related calls,
like maybe this next one that's coming in right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Legend of Zaku here.
Well, were your ears burning?
Because someone was just talking about you.
Yeah, I heard it in the car right over.
I heard it right as the car was pulling up to my house.
So, Zaku, is it all an act?
Is this all an act?
Maybe, but not like sidebar and focus on the real task at hand,
which was PAX East.
All right, well, let's talk about the real reason why you called tonight.
PAX East, so you were obviously at the show, too, because you met Bobby.
How was it?
I was rooming with him, actually.
Were you really? Awesome.
But then it got shifted when we got into the other hotel.
I'm not going to say as to the reasons why, but he knows it very well,
and we'll leave it at that.
Long story short, this PAX, the way I put it, it was average.
Last year's PAX, amongst all the swag and the parties, it doesn't hold a candle.
Case in point, Curse's PAX East party this year wasn't even open bar,
and they oversold it to the point where you only had one free drink,
and then everything else you had to pay at the cash bar.
The economy is really sons of bitches close to the open bar.
That's why I came to this thing.
You know what, though? Perfectly legit.
PAX East, not as good, because they closed the open bar this year.
Fuck them.
That is true, and then it was surprising,
aside from trying my best to play some of these things,
given the fact that there were lines just about everywhere,
so I only got to play very few things.
I was able to get Hawken to play that game.
I also tried out the Nvidia Shield, the new handheld controller device that they have,
which is kind of nifty, though, because it's using the latest version of Android.
The latest one that you see on the Nexus 4 and the latest tablets,
that's exactly the one they're running.
It really feels like a top-tier device.
I'm not just bullshitting or anything.
I'm just saying it also has touchscreen,
but it feels like you're actually playing a recent, current-gen console.
And the graphics are on par.
They're like 360 graphics from launch titles.
It's gotten to the point where mobile's pretty much at or tailing right now the big-boy consoles.
You talked about a lot of these lines for games.
Did you wait in any of them?
Did you stand in that epic line to play DuckTales?
No, that's the thing.
I was just going around the con, around the expo hall.
I did my best to try to score as much free swag as possible,
but yeah, it was slim pickings this year.
You're a fan of free stuff.
I wouldn't be able to guess from your talk about the Curse party.
What fun nightlife did these Paxis have? Anything?
I mean, most of the nightlife was either you went to the local bars near the hotels,
which was like the day before the con,
which was a pub crawl that basically stayed in one place because it took too long.
But other than that, it was just like whatever you had in your room,
if you had Cards Against Humanity,
you were basically playing not only with your roommates,
but with random strangers that would just bring bottles of high-end liquor,
like Johnny Walker, like a leader Johnny Walker for that table.
And I was like, we're taking big swigs of it.
And as a result, I had to nurse a hangover this morning.
I was just about to ask, I was going to say,
your eyes are looking a little bit like you haven't slept in about four days.
No, it's like I puked this morning.
Yeah.
I was going to say you have that sort of Prize Fighter look about you.
Like I wasn't going to say he got in a fight,
but he definitely has that whole like, I had a hell of a weekend,
don't you ask me?
My face was just crunching up, tightening up,
because I was lurching over the toilet trying to puke.
Were you offering your sacrifices to the porcelain goddess?
Porcelain goddess, yes.
Sacrificing my dignity.
But aside from the newer games that were out
and the fact that they were just like, you know,
aside from the lines and everything else,
board games were pretty much another huge aspect of it.
It got to the point where I actually have gotten my girlfriend.
I know, well, for those who probably can't see the camera, but...
That's our weekend.
Spartacus board game.
Is that based on the TV show?
Yes.
How much full frontal is in the board game?
Huh?
How much full frontal is in the board game?
None.
My girlfriend would be disappointed, yeah.
That's all she watches it for, full frontal,
and then her dad watches along with her for the boobs.
That's kind of awkward, but all right.
Yeah, I mean, everywhere, like, yeah, board games,
like, it got to the point where it was like,
at this point, it's like a good third board games,
another third indie, or more importantly,
probably like a quarter indie, and then everything else.
All right, let me ask...
I'm still waiting for Mass Effect Risk.
Let me ask you one more question, Zaku.
Since you say you weren't as big on PAX East this year
as you were, like, last year,
what can PAX 2014 learn from this year?
How can PAX East 2014 set up to be the most kick-ass one yet,
besides open bars?
All right, I guess it's the panels that I tried my best
to actually go to.
Like, this year I did better than the fact that I did,
like, one, two, three, four...
I think I did, like, six panels,
one of which I had to duck out because of my hangover,
but, yeah, it's gotten better.
The content has gotten a lot better.
Obviously, it still packs up pretty badly.
Like, obviously, the Bioshock panel fills up rather quickly.
Of course.
But it's just like trying to...
I guess they can't please everybody.
So the best they could do is stay where they are
because they have...
Their venue can handle whatever crowd size
they're throwing in.
I wouldn't be surprised if next year
it'll be almost, like, 100 grand, 100,000 attendees.
Oh, my gosh.
But then, yeah, that's gonna, like, you're...
It's gonna get to the point where people are just gonna get in the way
and then it's gonna be massive line waiting for, like, you know,
for stuff like Watch Dogs,
which I heard was a major disappointment over there,
which was showing, like, clips and rehash footage that was already out.
Oh, that's gotta be irritating.
You're waiting a big old long line
and then it's just some damn movie you already saw on the internet.
Square Enix Theater.
Yeah, right.
The only cool thing about PAX this year was
the classic gaming had...
Well, aside from having the standard setup,
like, one room dedicated to just classic gaming of consoles,
they had another one.
They had a featured room.
And this year's feature was Steel Battalion.
Like, they had 12 of these.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just playing Steel Battalion is not even fun.
It's just work.
Start up the next computer.
Do systems check.
Next time it needs to come with some vodka.
It'll be a whole lot better.
Alright.
Zaku, I gotta let you go so we can get more calls,
but thanks so much for the report,
and I'm glad to hear at least you had a decent enough times
that you were regretting it this morning.
Yeah.
Also, they were giving away free Android Bluetooth controllers.
Nice.
For Android-owned users.
Yeah.
Where's mine?
Alright.
Alright, Zaku.
Gotta let you go, buddy.
Take care.
Okay.
Bye.
Props to Zaku, an OLR gold store.
A gold store?
Well, he can have a whole store.
A gold star for Zaku for doing a video call
so we can actually see the Spartacus game that he bought.
Good times.
Alright, we'll see if anybody else wants to call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Making us all jealous we weren't there.
You alright?
I just saw something terrifying.
What's that?
A goblin shark.
That does sound terrifying.
They have retractable jaws.
Much less terrifying this next phone call.
Hi.
Hello, Olarians.
Hello, what's up?
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's CatastrophicMoggie.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
And we even...
I thought I'd never get through.
You never get through.
Wow.
Yay.
Wait.
Hold on.
The clock on the wall behind you, 3.52 in the morning?
Yes.
Oh my.
You told me it was going to stay up for us.
Wow.
Yeah, I did say to that was Kara I would.
We usually do our chatting when it's four in the morning for me.
And here you are.
Well, what's up?
I was going to complain about region locking
and how I'm so unexcited by the current news about consoles.
But I thought you've already had so much time.
I thought I'd bring up something from weeks ago.
Sure.
Go for it.
The last...
Oh, pardon me.
Sorry.
I'm completely fumbling over my words now.
That's all right.
I do it all the time.
It's true.
He does.
Yeah.
We have to listen to three hours of it.
Hey.
I get to make fun of me.
Me.
Weeks ago, you were talking, I can't remember what it was about, about your other halves
guesting on OLR.
Was it?
And I thought, your last episode.
Go on.
Go on.
Go.
After your last episode, you should...
Okay.
He's on.
He's on.
He's on.
He's on.
Okay.
He's on the internet.
Yes.
Where is it?
It's Fourn and Horning.
Shh.
Quiet.
For your last episode, you should have...
Or for your E3 special, you should have the other half special with Alan, Dan, and...
Nelly.
Nelly.
Pardon.
Or and with your mum being a guest co-spond.
That would be hilarious.
We've talked about him before, and I'm sure Dan and Alan would be down.
It would just be about convincing Nelly that it's a really funny idea, but that might be
difficult.
Nelly would probably punch my husband.
And then I'd have to be here to see that.
You'd have to video it.
Yes.
It would have to be a video thing.
I don't know.
Maybe the only way I could see that happening is if we promised Nelly it was the last episode
of the show ever, because she'd be like, yay, Matt can have a life now.
Yeah, you should do it either for the last episode or an E3 special.
We'll see.
We'll see.
It'd be like we couldn't be bothered to show up, so our spouses do it.
So we've had a bunch of people calling in to talk about PAX East tonight.
Obviously, you're a little far away, so I'm imagining you didn't make it to PAX East,
but what do you think about everything you're hearing?
Honestly, I've not heard much news from PAX East.
Most of what I've heard is from you.
My biggest reaction is I wish DuckTales was coming to PC.
Oh, yeah.
They didn't announce it for PC, did they?
I have a policy of not getting digital content on consoles.
I can see why.
You know what, though?
One time when it won't transfer over, and at least with physical stuff you can trade
it in with digital stuff, you're stuck with it for now.
If it does well enough, though, they'll put it on disk.
If it's going to be on Xbox, though, it shouldn't be that hard to port it to PC.
Yeah.
I hope so.
Anyway, I take up too much of your time, so I'll get off now.
No worries.
It's a pleasure to hear from you and to get to see you, and I know you've got to shut
up because people are trying to sleep, but thank you for breaking all the rules in your
household to call us tonight.
I'm getting shouted at.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
We got someone in trouble.
We got someone in trouble.
Alright.
One eight seven seven game OLR, or a username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
That was a great call, though.
It's true, though.
I usually, because I'm up around like four in the morning, and usually that's right when
he's on, so we end up chatting about stuff.
Bobby and ActDeft in our chat room talking a little bit about the DuckTales on PC thing.
ActDeft was convinced it was coming to PC, and BlackWolf says his sources say it's a
possibility eventually.
Not at launch, though.
I mean, after all, Resident Evil 6 I think just or is about to come out on Steam.
Sometimes PC's a little bit later, so just hold out.
Just hold out, guys.
It might happen.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey.
It's Anime Jam Session calling live from the Mobile Jersey Mobile.
Holy crap.
It's all you guys.
I hope you're not driving.
No, I'm driving.
Okay.
Okay.
I was going to say, because if Ron shouldn't have been the one driving, we would have hung
up.
Just because you do not talk on your phone and drive.
I do it all the time.
Don't listen to me.
Yeah, and you're going to kill somebody, namely a turkey.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
What?
All right.
Enough of Dark Soccer's lecturing.
You guys are coming back from PAX East.
Did you have a good time?
Yes, yes, yes, and I would like to let you know that as Executive Vice Chair of VOGCON
East 2013, we went over attendance capacity with the special guest of Cards Against Humanity.
We went to a total of 16 guests with special guest stars Johnny Walker Red.
Now, wait a minute.
We've had two other callers so far tonight from VOG at PAX East.
You're the first one to mention this con.
What exactly ended up happening?
Hello?
Are we losing them?
What was that?
We're kind of breaking in and out here.
That's okay.
We're breaking in and out here.
What ended up happening at this VOGCON?
Let's see.
Jovay Dea did Alcohol Bingo.
Zaku went game over because he drank not as much as everybody else.
And we did game plus inception equals game-ception.
You don't say?
Yes.
Yeah, we were playing a dice game.
The rules of the game were roll dice, make up rule, drink.
Those were the rules of the game.
Yes.
Patent pending.
The name of the game is called game.
How many minutes were you sober during PAX East?
Too stupid.
More or less, yeah.
All right.
What did you guys see on the show floor that kicked ass?
Did you see anything out there?
Or even if it wasn't on the show floor, like in a side room or a panel or whatever,
what did you see that kicked ass?
DuckTales.
Did you actually wait in that hideous line to play it or did you just run up and-
Hell no!
No, DuckTales is one of those games where I will be buying it regardless.
Yeah, that's true.
You don't need a demo to sell you, huh?
Nope.
I will say this though.
Twitch TV was having a giveaway for the DuckTales poster.
They wanted people to sing the DuckTales theme.
So me, my brother, and Jove were there.
I tried to get Jove to sing.
Yeah, right.
I went up there with my bro, and the camera was on us, and after we sang the song,
dude in the booth's like,
yeah, give the dude with the Vox shirt a poster,
because he actually sang the words.
Nice.
Way to- good job name checking the station too.
It's always a good thing.
We love-
Well, we got-
Well, we got to thank Ukchon for that because of how big the VOG logo is on our shirts.
Mm-hmm.
Good job.
Well, I know you guys are on your way home, and you got to get there safe and everything,
but since you guys are going to be talking about this undoubtedly on Anime Jam Session this Tuesday,
what do we have to look forward to?
Our complete review, a whole lot of stuff.
But before we go, a couple of things.
Another game that's worth picking up is Lego City Undercover.
Really?
Yes. Are you a fan of the Shawshank Redemption?
Yes.
The game has a lot of pop culture references, including a scene from the Shawshank Redemption.
That's kind of random in a Lego game.
It's a prison break.
Basically, you have to go undercover into a prison and talk to one of the characters.
The character's name is Blue.
Okay, okay.
And you come to pick, and he starts talking like Morgan Freeman.
And some of the stuff he says, I was kind of hearing it.
I'm like, why do I know this?
And then he said something, and I'm like, Blue.
I'm like, aw, crap! It's Shawshank!
I love games that do that, though.
Actually, Shane was just showing me a screenshot earlier from the new Pokmon game that came out.
Earlier today, actually.
And what was the line here in this?
Hold on, I'm bringing it up right now.
I want to do this justice, because it's a great reference.
Especially if you're Grandpa from Hoard House.
One of the characters saying, you can call me Swanna if you want.
Just don't call me maybe.
That was bad.
Just as bad as the Nvidia Shield Controller.
Oh, was that on the show floor?
Yes, I played it. The controls were...
The controlling was weak.
The outline for doing the directional cross was really bad.
And the demo game was Sonic 4.
And when the song would end, it would pause for a half second and replay the track again.
I'm like, yeah, no.
Oh, lord.
You know, Bobby was not a big fan of the Ouya Controller.
Did you get to see that in comparison to the Nvidia one?
Ah, I did not know the Ouya was on display.
I did not know.
There's not enough time to see everything at one PAX.
It doesn't matter, I'll be getting in like a week.
Alright.
Um, okay.
I gotta let you know, guys, so we can go wrap up the show.
But any other last thoughts on PAX?
Get your butts out here for 2014 so we can do VOGCON 2014.
And unfortunately for ActDeaf, since he's a staffer, he does tech.
He'll be staffing the con for all three days, so by the time he gets off a shift,
all the fun stuff's already happened.
Womp womp.
Uh, you know, though, VOGCON 2013 is DragonCon,
and you got to Atlanta for one con this year,
so I expect you're gonna be able to make it twice.
Well, look at it this way.
If I graduate from college and I get those marks and I land the job,
we'll be partying our fabulous little asses off.
Awesome. We can play game.
Yes!
I challenge you to game.
That's not a challenge. That's a fun thing to do.
And you have to do it in deep Russian voices.
Oh, okay.
You know what, though?
It has to be better than what we did at Fonami,
which was just the one bottle of Malibu and us going all over the place looking for a soda.
How about this for the tagline?
In Soviet Russia, game play you!
That was it.
And Ookchan, if we're going to do that, Jovideh will be there with our kinky vodka.
Oh my god, the kinky vodka was so good.
Alright, I'm getting drunk off this conversation.
Rama, I gotta let you go.
Take care, you guys.
Big hug to all you guys at Anime Jam Session, Jovideh and whoever else might be with you.
Um, take care, guys, okay?
You got it. Thank you.
Bye!
Love it.
Alright, guys, sadly it is time I shut down the Skype line.
We have been taking Skype calls for about 40 minutes, you know.
But most of it was Bobby.
Well, yes, but, you know, with good reason.
But we had a lot from Zaku and Magi and, you know, Rama as well, so.
Appreciate everybody who called.
If you didn't get through tonight but you have something to say,
for the love of god, email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Give Dark Sakura some work to do next week.
In the meantime, some quick Twitter topics before I go for last minute stories.
TigerClaw305 wants to remind us that XCOM Enemy Unknown was announced for iOS.
I forgot about this but I did hear about this.
They're talking about they're going to be charging probably a little more money for it.
It's not going to be a 99 cent game.
Think more along like the lines of a $15 game.
But that would be in line with Squeenix pricing on iOS so it would make a lot of sense.
But, yeah, they say it's going to be just like you're playing it on PC or any of those.
I mean, XCOM makes sense to be on iPad.
It would work.
iPhone would be a little too tiny.
I don't know about that one.
Even iPad Mini might be a little much.
I don't know.
Dartusuya wanted to follow up on the rapid fire news.
If you bought La Mulana on Playism or Desura, you will get a Steam key after April 15th.
So some of you already are going to own this new La Mulana.
Also, for next week, since we're so close to 500 and with all the old school talk,
can we air Best Hits Part 1 next week?
Maybe.
We'll see.
I don't want to promise anything yet.
You never know what we might come up with.
And ActDeft also posted a story about Dust and Elysian Tail that was covered in our rapid fire news earlier.
Must have been in the restroom when we went over that.
But I will say this story does say that a sequel may be in the works.
Which, you know, game does well.
Sequel comes out.
That's no big surprise there.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to follow us there and tweet us for a future week.
Last minute stories tonight.
Loki.
This is kind of cool.
They have put together this project called The Unleashed Project.
And what it is is a total conversion for Sonic Generations that's Sonic Unleashed.
Sonic Unleashed has been ported to PC completely.
And it runs better than it did on console.
Nice.
Because they're using the Generations engine.
And Unleashed, I'm talking about all the actual non-werewolf, werehog levels.
We're talking about all the good levels.
All the good ones.
Nice.
Alright, that's it?
Yeah, that's it.
Alright, that's it.
Well, that's going to wrap us up for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
This episode's going to have to suit you for two weeks.
But, you know, we've got an archive of about 497 episodes before this one.
So, if you need something to hold you over next week, go back and grab it.
All the podcasts are still on our server back through about 320.
So, there's plenty that are on the feed to grab.
If you need something before that, hit up Dark Tetsuya who's in our chat room.
He's got the link to the O-L archive where they dug up fucking episodes of Vanilla Sky.
And Guys on a Show.
They probably have your music show you used to do.
Somebody probably recorded that.
Which was all like, if I had to go out and run errands, I'd just put on Eddie Izzard.
People used to bootleg the shit out of Orange Lounge Radio, the station.
Now, all this time later, it's awesome that they did that, really.
I am also planning this Wednesday to be in Turntable.
Ah, I miss Turntable. Good times.
Doing, basically, what I used to do on my Pump of the Volume.
That's awesome. I miss Turntable. I always forget there.
Should we pop in there with me, Rob?
I very well might. Just let me know what night.
As long as it isn't when, what's the night?
It's still Wednesday.
Oh, Wednesday is Hoard House.
I'm doing it after Hoard House.
Okay, after Hoard House is fine.
This week is actually, I need to give this a shout out, Hoard House episode 100 is this Wednesday.
Nice.
Yeah, big milestone.
Milestone.
Giveaways on this week's show.
Give me some interest in WoW.
You've got the secret world, ain't it?
Oh, you know, I got it because it was on sale for 22 bucks instead of the full 30, so.
I don't blame you.
Yeah.
Check it out.
All right.
And I got yelled at for spending money.
Well, that does it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We just want to thank you guys for tuning in, supporting independent radio.
You know, we just do this because, you know, somebody brought this up before,
just kind of the whole talk about, like, you know, the family.
And that really is, you guys that are so enthusiastic about this show,
there may not be 10,000 of you, but even like the fact that there's five of you
makes like this so worth doing week in and week out.
And as we are coming up on episode 500 has really made it worth it
and why we've been stuck with it for so long.
We don't charge for the show.
We're not going to be asking you for twelve thousand dollars to do this here in person.
But I am every other week.
I am working on a gift for our listeners, though.
What's that?
We talked about it earlier.
Oh, yeah. She's not in a future way.
But I just wanted to say, fortunately, though, we have to raise the limit of friends.
You have to or the minimum of friends you have to ask.
You have to tell 500 of your friends.
That's right. That's right.
You're going to have to tell way more your friends.
We have conventions we want to go to.
We don't charge you guys to listen to this show.
I can tell you it does not take ten thousand dollars to put on this show.
It takes passion and dedication and wanting to do it for the loyal listeners.
And that is what we get out of it.
And so all we ask is help us grow our family.
Spread the word about the show. Tell a friend or two about it.
Give us a thumbs up on Stitcher.
And if you're on Tumblr, reblog when I freaking post it and not just hit like.
Jamie is just here for her tumbles and wanting more followers.
No, I'm not.
I've been I've figured since I've been using my Tumblr to promote the show.
I'm also using my Mass Effect Tumblr to promote the show.
So don't give me that, Rob. All right.
That does it. Thank you, guys.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thought for these two weeks.
And then we'll be back on April 7th.
Dark soccer. Your final thought tonight.
I have a headache. Stupid sinus infection.
Sorry. My final thought is hazelnut frappuccinos.
Pretty good. I'm going to go get one.
Pretty good. Is that Starbucks on the way?
Any of them. It's all I use the app.
The app will tell you when I have the app.
You can go for me. Get with the time.
Last but not least, it's a grind. Hello, Loki.
Your final thought. You know, I'm not a huge fan of these games.
It's really unfair that there's a Beatmania third mix final.
And I'm sorry, Beatmania three final and a keyboard third mix or keyboard
being a third mix in Sacramento.
They want one hundred dollars for both Rob.
Do you see what the price of Beatmania and you take the keyboard mania?
Where am I going to put a keyboard mania in this house? In my backyard.
If you if you can hold on to the other machine for me until we get a house,
then yes, I'll do it. I thought to Dan. All right.
But it's someone's already been on it. So on one of them.
So you got to outbid them. But I mean, the concept ninety nine dollars.
We'll do we can. All right. That's it.
Have a great week, everybody. Be safe. Don't be a dick online.
I know you guys won't be. And I hope all you guys had a blast.
It packs and have fun. A game developers conference.
If you're one of those guys to go into that picture didn't happen.
And we'll see you back here in a couple of weeks on orange launch radio.
Episode four ninety nine. When we come back on April 7th.
Have a great week, everybody. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios to join us for a live show.
Tune in to Vogue Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
