Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back on Orange Lounge Radio here with part B of our podcast or audio blog, audio cast, whatever you want to call it.
It's the audio archive of our program and it's split up into two parts.
Part A is released usually early, early Monday morning, late Sunday night, however you want to look at it.
Part B comes out sometime on Wednesday whenever we get around to uploading it.
But this is the second half of a continuing show that is taped live on Sunday nights.
And if you feel like coming down for a show, you should join us.
www.orangeloungeradio.com, we have a chat room, hi chat room.
And you missed our great bonus segment and things you can only hear live or on our rebroadcast at allgames.com.
We were playing porn or game and the sound effects were either from a porno or from a game.
It was awesome.
And we didn't do that well.
We only got 8 out of 10 I think.
So that was a B.
Jamie and I played together.
It was hot.
B for boobs.
Alright, anyhow.
Back into the news.
Starting off this segment with some pretty big news.
It has to do with the Halo 3 beta.
Rumor is that the Halo 3 beta is going to be split into two sessions.
The first session will begin on March 21st.
Seems pretty bold that these predictions are naming dates.
But this is from Xbox Portugal who also brought the first Halo 3 beta screenshots.
The first session will only be for those that got emails from Bungie.
That starts March 21st.
The second session will be also open to those who bought Crackdown.
That will end in June but no start date given for that yet.
But Loki, you were telling me during the break you heard this is bullshit.
Yeah, I heard it's bullshit.
How was it proven wrong?
I think it was either someone at Microsoft or someone at Bungie that said that it would just be one giant session.
That they weren't going to do two different ones.
Well there you have it.
So Xbox Portugal lies.
Maybe not.
Miscommunications or you know.
Yeah, Loki said Halo 3 would be coming out in the spring which was also a lie.
So there you have it.
That's alright, it happens.
Lies.
You should be ashamed.
No.
Something though that actually is pretty cool.
As announced in OXM, the Halo theme is going to be a downloadable track for Guitar Hero 2.
I think that's pretty cool.
It's definitely going to be something that I think is going to get a lot of people to look more into those downloaded tracks.
It's going to be something that's going to make a little bit of revenue so why not.
It'll be cool.
Hey here it's going to be free.
Which makes sense.
I like free.
And yeah it would be a good promotion for the Halo 3 game.
What I also want to know though is can Master Chief be one of the guitarists that you can play as.
That would be cool.
That would be awesome.
Because it was pretty awesome to have Master Chief in Dead or Alive 4.
Well it wasn't Master Chief.
Spartan.
Female Spartan.
Whatever.
You know having a Halo character in the game was kind of funny.
No.
Mistress Chief.
Sorry.
My bad.
Mistress Chief.
That would be Chieftess.
Anyway.
So yes.
One of my favorite topics of discussion is how people are hacking firmwares on consoles.
One very famous group, Team Executor, one of the ones I think pioneered some of the homebrew stuff on the PSP.
Have broken the firmware for the Xbox 360.
Now, right now there's apparently a, and they can't disclose too much, but there is a glitch in one of the older firmwares for the 360 that will allow you to use a copy of King Kong to run your own code.
Kind of similar to what they're doing with some of the older firmwares on the PSP where you could run homebrew with Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories.
Apparently one of the shaders I guess that was in King Kong was actually unsigned and so they could buffer overflow it and cause it to run their own stuff.
And they actually released a proof of concept I think like Hello World or something like that that you can run on your 360 if you happen to have this firmware.
And apparently there's a way to check it by going to your system menu and stuff like that.
But like I said, if you're getting your automatic updates on live like most people are, you probably have already patched the hole in this because the problem has been patched in some of the future firmwares.
Basically right now there's no way to roll back the firmware kind of like you can do on the PSP.
Although if you have the older firmware there is apparently a thing you can break on the motherboard or something that you can do that will allow you to be able to roll it back no matter what firmware you have later on.
Can Microsoft just patch this right away?
They can.
They're pretty good.
Of all the companies they're the fastest at closing up these loopholes real quick.
At least on the 360 not so much Windows XP.
And right now really I don't think there's a way you can really detect this because it's being run in a game almost.
It's loading with a game so unless they just ban the use of King Kong altogether it's going to be pretty hard for them to stop it altogether.
I don't know though.
But they've already pretty much done.
They've patched the hole for this.
So I don't know there's not too much else I guess they can do right now about it.
But anyways as I was going to say the first proof of concept they've got out there and this was I believe on QJNet was shown.
At least they linked to it.
I can't remember what it was.
I think it's just a hello world type thing.
Yeah hello world pretty much.
This is some unsigned code.
So that's kind of interesting it's I guess the Hypervisor vulnerability.
It's found in kernel versions 4532 and 4548.
So apparently if you pull up your Xbox 360 under the system menu and look up system information.
There's a little thing on the bottom of the screen that says D and then there's a bunch of numbers and then K and a bunch of numbers.
If your kernel says 2.0 point and then the either the 40 or the what was it the 4532 4548 so yeah.
That's kind of cool though.
I mean got to start small and then they're just going to blow it up.
But the rumor is also Team Executor is going to be releasing a actual PS3 thing that's going to launch ISO's off the hard drive once the European launch happens.
So hopefully we'll see some more like that because I can't afford these expensive games.
Oh yes because the rampant piracy will certainly make the games even better.
That was sarcasm.
Hasn't hurt the PS2 any more or the PSP.
Well there are some franchises that every so often will rear their ugly heads in over the course of video gaming history.
Well Ubisoft has released information on the new Prince of Persia game for the Xbox 360.
Apparently it's going back to the roots of the game with more jumping around and grabbing stuff and climbing and things.
And the prince is going to have a gauntlet instead of a knife.
So it will be not so stabby oriented.
God.
Prince of Persia not so stabby.
I was never a fan of the Prince of Persia game so I'm like wow.
They're not bad. The new ones aren't bad.
I don't think they're quite like oh my god as a lot of people said they are but I played some of the older ones on GameTap.
They're not bad.
For a 3D action type game they're pretty solid.
It was a pretty good game and I don't know.
I can see why it does as well.
They have the one coming off the Wii, the port of two thrones I guess but Rival swords they call it something new because they added some chariot racing in there.
If you like Prince of Persia that's going to be a pretty cool game to check out.
Another cool thing about Prince of Persia is it's becoming a movie as well.
Disney is behind this as well as Jerry Brockheimer.
They're bringing Prince of Persia the Sands of Time and it is legit.
They've got some concept art on it.
That's pretty cool.
Didn't Disney already put out Aladdin?
Yes.
I think it would be a pretty cool action movie.
I'm looking forward to it.
Just don't fuck it up.
If they pull it off you might have a really good movie translation for a game.
It's been lacking lately.
Jamie, you're not a fan of the game but would the movie perk your interest?
Maybe it would work as a movie.
No.
That was very definitive. Why not?
Just not your thing?
The Arabian Nights thing not your thing?
I've seen Aladdin and I watched the Sinbad movie back in the day when it was a tiny color.
Well shit.
Anyway, of course you can download movies on iTunes and you can download music.
For those wondering where's all the gaming music?
Electronic Arts has launched the EA Tracks service as a part of iTunes.
Basically what they've done is they've compiled all the EA games.
The interesting thing is they've said music from all EA games past and present now available on the iTunes store.
Well, okay, but when you say all EA games past and present that makes me go wow.
You mean I could even go to the ECA games from the Commodore 64 days?
No.
Basically what that means is your burnouts, your sports games with the licensed music, the Madden's.
Any of the games with EA Tracks.
If you've got those EA Tracks you can download those songs on iTunes so there you go.
Did you know that Burnout Dominator is supposed to have Avril Lavigne's Girlfriend in it?
Which, oh boy, that's a pretty bad song.
I like the last one she did for the movie.
But.
This song's bad.
But.
That's not something I would want the EA name on.
Would it make you want to crash into things?
That's a very good point.
It's true that there's pedestrians in the next Burnout game.
It would make me want to run over them.
Dominator would not have pedestrians.
Dammit.
Dominator is kind of a best of built off the Revenge Engine I believe.
Well we have our own Revenge Engine built into Orange Lounge Radio and that is our mailbag.
When you guys don't like something you heard on the show, or you know when you like something you heard on the show.
You can send us an email to mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and DarkSakura will open up the email bag and pull out some of her favorite emails to read here live on the program.
And I believe this week we got a lot of emails didn't we DarkSakura?
Uh yeah but I picked only a few.
So please don't be offended if your email is not read on air because some, you know it's weird.
Some weeks we get nothing, some week we get a bunch.
There's a few I'd like to go back and repost.
Probably on Tuesday I'll have them up on the site as well as the one from last week.
Alright well let's play the cute little theme music so we can get into the emails that you did select for this week.
The first email of the week without the sexy commentary actually comes from...
Email number one.
Hey Rob shut up.
Um comes from uh Heon. Uh dear OLR first of all I absolutely love the show you guys are excellent radio show hosts and are very talented.
Thank you so much for making the show so fun by interacting with your audience.
Onto my questions Super Mario Brothers Ocarina of Time, Kid Icarus, A Link to the Past.
These are just several of the classics that are currently available on the North American Virtual Console.
It's been only four months.
The Wii still has four to five years to go.
At this rate they're going to be scraping the bottom of the barrel near the end of its life.
I know that Nintendo's got a significant amount of masterpieces still to release on Virtual Console.
But are they going too fast?
Sincerely Heon.
P.S. Um I am now a Pastafarian thanks to the show.
FSM loves.
Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Wow.
I fear the day that Marissa has influence on anyone.
Um.
All hail his noodly goodness.
Love you Marissa.
Anyhow actually I actually.
She'll be up here in two weeks.
She's coming back.
A lot sooner than we thought so that's going to be a very interesting program.
Anyhow.
Back to the content of the email.
Um.
What was the email about again?
About if Nintendo's releasing whatever Rob.
Virtual Console games coming out too fast or whatever's going on.
Um.
Right now.
No.
I mean keep in mind what we were talking about earlier in the program.
That there's this big drought going on with the games.
And although Reggie Fils-Aime lied and said we wouldn't have these droughts this time around.
Keep in mind one thing he did say is that the Virtual Console releases, the big ones.
Would supplement the lack of Wii games during these slow periods.
So I think right now.
No.
They're not necessarily doing the Virtual Console games too fast.
I think this was probably a pretty decent time to release Ocarina and Kid Icarus and some of those really big titles people want.
I think when you get into November of this year when you know some of the bigger titles start coming out.
Hopefully your Mario Galaxy.
Probably your Metroid and so on and so on.
Um.
You're probably going to see the Virtual Console releases get very slowed up.
Maybe you'll get one new game a week.
From some obscure title.
Like we're starting to see.
You have to admit now on the TurboGrafx-16 and Genesis side.
We're really starting to dip into the obscure games coming out on Virtual Console.
I've never even heard of a lot of those games coming out.
Um.
Especially but if they're going to open up the door to Commodore 64.
As I believe the rumor had said before that Commodore 64 is a possibility coming.
And as well as MSX and so on.
Especially if they blow up in that Commodore 64 door.
That is going to be a shitload of games that they can add there as well.
I guess it would depend on what publishers.
Um.
I think there's still a lot of room for Virtual Console to go.
Uh.
And hopefully someday we'll start getting the multiplayer add-ons.
Maybe some of our games will be enabled for multiplayer slowly but surely.
Maybe we'll get our cheat codes.
I could see that as something that happens slowly but surely in 2008.
I want Icarus to fight Medusa Angels.
And I want my Justin Bailey in Metroid.
And hopefully originals too.
Don't we want some Wii originals?
Some more original Wii games?
Heck yeah.
That would be hopefully where the console goes in 2008 and 2009.
So we will see what happens.
Next email is very special.
Dear OLR crew, my name is Rama from Indonesia.
I am a classic video game lover.
I believe that I am probably the first person from Indonesia becoming one of your loyal fans.
Right now I have to know.
I'm going to check stats.
Right now I'm working as a journalist and most of my articles about technology and video games.
I'm also working as a local video game music composer.
One thing that will probably surprise you that I am blind.
I was born with only 10% sight ability after being operated.
Now how can I operate a computer?
I'm using screen reader that enables me to read object shown on my laptop so I can read and write,
browse the internet, and even download your show.
When I was a child I was so interested in video games because it had attractive sounds and graphics.
I even owned an Atari 2600, 5200, 7800, NES, Genesis, and SNES.
With only 10% sight I could still enjoy classic games.
I could not recognize objects or details, but I could still understand, for instance,
which one is my hero and which one is the enemy.
I even finished many famous classic games such as Super Mario series, Contra, Gradius,
Sonic series, and many more.
But when 3D gaming era came out, PlayStation, Nintendo 64, and Saturn,
I decided to give up because I could not play games with so many movements.
After that I decided to enjoy video games in other fashions.
I started to record or collect music from games I played.
I'll share with you some of my listening later.
So now on to my comments about you guys.
Scroll down.
Well, I could not say a word but awesome.
Your podcast is the first experience enjoying video games news on an audio forum.
I actually found your site last January and started to become your fan.
I even quoted some of your information in my articles.
Sky Logie and DarkSakura, you are the craziest gang I have ever loved.
I feel like having lots of friends video game folks that refreshes my energy and brain during the working hour.
You should know that not many Indonesians have intention to talk about video games that much.
And man, your other soldiers are awesome too.
I suggest that you go on this way and besides video games, bring along more laughter and joy.
Oh, that's so sweet. There's more.
Wow.
Those are reasons I keep downloading your show even though Indonesian internet connection is like a turtle crawling along the beach.
That requires more than 12 hours to download your A and B segment.
But that's fine as I can enjoy your show.
I don't know if this one will ever interest you but have you ever tried audio games?
This is another genre of gaming which was built specifically for the blind so they can play games too.
There are many kinds of games such as card games with voice, chess and even more advanced platforms like RPG, spaceship battle games.
It takes advantage of stereo sound systems.
For example, if you're playing spaceship battle game and your enemy is on your left,
you can hear their ship on your left speaker and can shoot them.
You can also chase them if they dodge your attack.
Let's say they move from left to right.
I'm going to scroll down.
Again, pay attention to the speaker.
And it did something like that with that Atari controller that you use your forehead to play.
And Sega did a couple of audio only games on the Saturn.
You can try them here. It's at audiogames.net.
I wonder if it can be Dark Sakura Side of the Week.
We'll see.
Well, I think that's all I can share.
I hope I keep in touch with you guys.
This email can be read on air.
As for joining your show via Skype, I think it is difficult because the connection, like I've mentioned before, is very slow to make such a call.
Plus the time difference.
Lastly, I'm working on an Xbox 360 project along with a local game developer at max-studio.net to produce independent games.
Well, I don't really know about the program, but I heard that Microsoft is holding a contest for XNA Game Engine to produce games for 360.
So I hope I can do well.
Good luck for you guys.
I will probably make an interview and write more about your show later.
P.S. I love Chicken Shoot.
It's signed by Rama.
I think that came up the week you weren't here, Dark Sakura.
There was a game called Chicken Shoot.
Wow, what an amazing email.
That was really cool.
There's a lot that we take for granted sometimes, I think.
Emails like this can be very humbling in a way that sometimes we take for granted our mega fast internet connections we have, our site that we have to play video games.
You know what's interesting is actually this person is not the first person I've heard on a gaming podcast talk about the difficulty of being legally blind, so to speak.
Just because you're legally blind doesn't mean you can't see it all.
Like this guy said, he has 10% vision.
It makes perfect sense for things that are 2D with minimal movement going on to be much easier to see than our 3D games.
I imagine that actually it might even be easier to see the smaller sprites, the collection of sprites as they'll have a cleaner color palette than even things moving around in life.
We take our vision for granted, just all the things that go on around us but the moment that it's gone.
That's actually a good thing that I think is really neat about this audio game.
This goes back to my love of the Discovery Channel.
They were talking about how they had a group of blind people riding their bicycle down the road using clicking to determine location of cars and other things in the road.
Their study group actually managed to avoid children running out on the road, avoided trash in the street by using their sense of hearing to determine space relation around them.
They say that if you lose one capability, your other capabilities become so much more sensitive so that really makes sense I think.
I'd be very curious what this listener has to think about the Wii because he does have at least the 10% sight.
The Wii is interesting because it has that rumble and the speaker that's actually in the Wiimote as well as the rumble depending on where your cursor is on screen.
It could help you identify if you're pointing at a certain object.
I imagine not all games would work but I'm kind of curious could the Wii maybe be something that would help bring the sky back into gaming where the 3D games and the ultra-intensive graphics have made him unable to play.
I would have never known about this type of sight and the way they make these games.
I guess I'm just ignorant that way. I would have never known how to not pay for this email.
Thank you very much for the email.
I'm going to check that site out just because I want to know.
I want to see what kind of games there are.
There have been other games and I don't think they were necessarily brought out for the blind in particular but Sega, there were a number of Saturn games that focused only on audio.
There was one game that came with a packet of seeds where you had to use the audio to raise a plant.
Very interesting. Alpha Canagram reminds us and SSG100 Matt chimes in too about how Ellen actually gave a blind kid a Wii on her show.
Remember that? That was some gaming news a while back.
That was before the Wii's were even out. So kind of an interesting reminder there from the chat room.
That's why we love chat because they remember things and we don't.
This next email comes from Bear Who Drive Car.
I love that name.
That's so great. French fries, sorry.
Okay, I have to stop for just a minute. Loki, what the hell is it? You have DDR fifth mix on your PSP?
Yeah.
What are you hacking over there?
I was putting the PS1 image on here.
God, I'm so far behind on my PlayStation. Dang, you mean if I get a card you can do that with PlayStation 1 games for my PSP?
Yeah, you put a custom firmware on there and you can convert any PS1 image to play on a PSP given that you have the big enough...
Now my next question for you is why the fuck do you have DDR on your PSP?
So I can play with the controller. That's how I play normally.
Back to the emails.
Sorry.
Anyway, yo, just writing to vent about the Wii. I do like it, but you guys mentioned that there are too many controllers.
Well, I can't agree more.
First I got Super Mario Brothers with the Wii mode.
It's kind of odd because of the shape and size, but that was okay.
Then I got Smash Brothers Melee and all of a sudden to play multiplayer I needed two GameCube controllers.
Okay, not too bad.
Then I bought Contra and that's when I noticed if you try to play with the GameCube controller...
No, I try to play with the GameCube controller, but if you recall the locations, the YB on SNES and Game Boy controllers are totally different.
By the way, I hate the GameCube controller and it's asymmetrically sized buttons.
So now I have to buy a Wii Classic Controller, two for multiplayer.
I've also purchased three Wiimotes and four Nunchucks.
So Nintendo Wii $250, three Wiimotes $120, four Nunchucks $80, two GameCube controllers $40, two Wii Classic controllers $40.
Spending $530 to play a glorified GameCube, priceless.
Fanboys claiming the Wii is a value system cannot be more wrong.
I get the point, but at the same time you didn't have to buy the controllers.
You just didn't like the way it felt on the GameCube controllers.
And again, you're not forced to even buy Contra or any Super Nintendo game at all.
Whereas PlayStation 3, you have to buy a Blu-ray drive, like it or not.
Granted, I'm comparing apples to oranges a little bit here,
but I think that's where your point kind of has a little bit of a flaw.
You're saying that you feel you have to buy these to have that.
And again, I don't have four Wii controllers.
I probably didn't even really need to get a second one.
I just did it because we usually have a lot of people over and I wanted to play Wii Tennis.
But ideally, a lot of people have their own Wiimotes and so on and so on.
I do get what you're saying though.
There are a lot of hidden fees, but you kind of get that with every console.
PlayStation 3 doesn't come with a component cable, if I remember right.
Wasn't that something we covered on a previous show that actually didn't come with the component or HDMI cable?
PlayStation 3 only came with the other one.
Xbox 360, granted their premium unit is much better than their core unit, coming with a lot of the basics.
But if you want to get a wireless headset, that's more money.
And I say, yeah, you kind of do need that wireless headset if I want to play DDR or so on.
Anyhow, interesting point, but I think a slightly flawed one.
I don't know.
I think that there's something to it, but it all depends on how far you'll go for the sake of convenience.
Anyway, next email comes up.
Actually, granted, could I just say some quick points from chat that came up here?
Let's see, what's going on?
Leon wants to start a fight here.
You are not good enough for the GameCube controller, you noob.
And Blay says, boo-fucking-hoo, do your research before you buy a system.
So a couple of people throw in some rocks there.
SkyWarrior, that's with a Y, not an I.
Says, value, what makes the Wii so compelling?
Too bad the PlayStation 3 has no value as of now.
Very interesting.
And some interesting comments there from the chat room there.
James Patrick says, a lot of Wii games only need one remote, and you pass it around.
So, kind of interesting there. Ooh, food.
And also they have games coming out now like Wing Island and Koro Impa that use one remote and Nunchuck for two players.
So they've got all that stuff going on.
Jamie's got them out. I don't want that now after you put your mouth all over it.
I only ate off one side of it.
It's fine. It doesn't look that good anyway.
I'm starting South Beach tomorrow again.
Anyway.
This email actually is not the last one. It comes from Nekky.
Really the one thing that I wanted to go in here.
And it's a really long email, and this is going to be one that I'm going to leave on the website.
But I wanted to mention this.
I like the idea of telling people, now you have posted a site plug for you on my home forum, dscommunity.co.uk, to plug the site for them.
And Xbox 360 Fanatics link is z6.envisionfree.com slash 360 underscore fanatics slash index dot php.
We are currently quite small, but invite everyone to join no matter where you are.
And that includes you, Jamie, Loki, and Rob.
I wanted to do that, though, just because Nekky writes us regularly.
And I'm going to be posting this in the thing, but I thought that it would be nice for me to go ahead and give the little plug.
I remember the first email from the taped segment was a loving rant about the last few episodes.
I do feel slightly likewise, but I agree with you, Jamie and Rob, that it does keep your show unique.
Inviting Casper the Gay and Rice Princess every week may not be such a good idea, though.
I do not hold anything against them, but having them on every week would alter many people's views of your show.
Well, that's why these folks are guests, not hosts.
Well, you said it out of love, not hate.
Gotcha.
Anyway, that one's going to get reposted.
Sorry, I'm actually trying to do a search. I want to see where this post comes up.
I'm looking at this site. It's dscommunity.co.uk.
It's a whole little DS, and I imagine there's lots of friend code training going on.
Oh, here it is.
There's actually a forum called Plug a Site, and there's this post there.
Great site for podcasts and live shows focusing on video gaming.
Past available on iTunes, MP3 download available on actual website.
Covers release dates for most of the world.
Most are accurate, as they have insider sources.
One of the guys works for a game distribution company.
Good fun to listen to, especially when you have nothing to do or on a commute.
I like that. Orange Launch Radio, better than nothing.
Yeah.
No, thank you very much for the plug.
We appreciate that.
You are a true veteran of the O.L. Army, and we salute you.
We got an email from Gaming Nerd about...
Nerd.
Hey, now.
Anyway, from Gaming Nerd, it says,
Hey, O.L.R., I know this is kind of a risky subject to mention,
but I feel it must be heard so that people understand what could be happening in the future in gaming.
After listening to Loki's rant in the last week's episode about there not being any good games for PS3 and 360,
and only average ones, it got me looking back at the numerous anonymous sites that I've been to.
Excuse me.
I'm finding it pretty easy to download pirated PS2 and Xbox games off the net,
and bringing them to DVDRs and playing them on modded consoles.
Knowing how easy it is to download PS2 and Xbox games,
it gets you wondering just how much money game companies are losing just from these two consoles.
With that loss in money,
there's only so much money that can be spent to produce average titles of the kind of graphics power
and development tools that are provided for the PS3 and 360.
It's no wonder the Wii is overtaking the competition with its console
for the simple reason that the GameCube ran games off unique media that wasn't easily accessible to the public.
Thus, more money was earned through the sales in the games for the GameCube,
and money being able to produce the awesomeness that is the Wii and its games.
Also, something I should point out is that Nintendo has been notorious for proprietary software
for their storage capacity.
This is probably one of the reasons why I think Square jumped ship with them with the Final Fantasy franchise.
It'll only be a matter of time before we see a Blu-ray burner and PS3 games get pirated.
A mod ship is released to the console, which will result in even more money lost to the companies that make their games for the PS3.
I'm even more surprised the Japanese market isn't complaining about piracy,
but that you could only mean there's much more loyal to gaming than some of us here in the States.
Especially when it comes to buying my PS2 imports, I'm more than willing to spend $64 to buy games like Puyo Puyo Fever 2,
Melty Blood, DDR Supernova, BeatMania 2DX, and supporting the companies that made these games.
And like most people that I've heard who just go ahead and download imports,
since they either can't find a store that sells them or don't want to spend an extra $14 off everyday $50 US titles,
they might have just come out.
Anyways, I hope this letter gives a better understanding as to why big names aren't really as big anymore,
as it partially is due to the loss of money and loss of quality for the games themselves.
I can remember when it was really big news for a game like Metal Gear Solid, Gran Turismo, and Final Fantasy to get new sequels,
but nowadays it's just the same thing because there isn't enough money to do much else in the games.
Unique aspects are gone and there's not much else we can say about gaming other than stop the piracy and the magical return.
You're truly a gaming nerd.
Very often you hear from people who are willing to defend the fact that video game piracy is a bad thing.
So, very interesting email.
Don't copy that floppy, as a famous musician once said.
Loki, I'm curious what your feedback is on this whole piracy is bad for the industry angle.
Sure, it's bad for the industry, but to be honest, nowadays a lot of the stuff, if it's not worth playing,
I won't even go and pirate it or anything like that. I'll just not play it.
But, I mean, I guess I buy normally, I mean, I buy a lot of stuff that just comes out
and I find out, you know, the hard way that a lot of the games do suck.
So I can see where a lot of people get burned by these games that, you know, get great reviews
and they're like, what the fuck? This is crap. Driver 3, for example.
Yeah, piracy is, especially if you make it so easy, like it is on the PlayStation 2, or even the original PlayStation,
yeah, it's going to be a huge issue, but I don't know. It's all morals.
If you think stealing is bad, then you're not going to do it, but, you know.
Bandit says, bad for the industry, but good for Loki, in our chat room.
GS68 says, I buy legit copies, though I admit I've done my share of ROM downloading.
I think ROMs are not quite as bad. In fact, they're really not as bad, because usually the things you're pirating ROMs of.
I mean, if you're doing current DS games, that's one thing, but if you're downloading ROMs of, you know,
years old, you know, Commodore 64 and NES games that folks aren't going to be, you know, playing anytime soon,
or selling anytime soon, that's not as bad.
For the record, I have DDR5 mix at home. I just don't have a copy that'll work on my PSP.
You might say Virtual Console makes ROMs bad, but I don't know. I'll admit, I've downloaded my fair share of ROMs.
Charging $5 for an NES game makes Virtual Console bad.
I have a ROM of Kid Icarus on my computer. I don't like to play Kid Icarus on my computer.
I like to play it on my television like I did when I was a kid, so for that, it was worth the $5 to me,
because I love Kid Icarus that much.
To be honest, I've got to play PS1 games on my PSP, because what else am I going to play?
Grand Theft Auto? I mean, seriously, what else is out for the PSP?
A whole lot of stuff I'm not interested in.
It sounds like a lot of stuff coming soon, though.
Soon. It's always coming soon.
Ah, whatever, whatever.
Anyway, may I read the next email?
You sure may.
Thank you. Last email.
Hiya, guys. I just want to know what it is that we in Europe and Australia have done to piss off Sony.
Whatever it was, I'm sure we could apologize.
It's the funny accents.
No, shut up.
Maybe come to some kind of arrangement.
You don't get this kind of treatment in America.
How come? Is it cash, bribes, sexual favors?
I'm sure you know why it is I'm feeling hard done by.
I was accepting of the higher price tag. We are used to that.
Also, the late release date.
I've only just bought my copy of Final Fantasy XII.
We're used to having to wait, but waiting longer to pay extra for an inferior piece of hardware is taking the biscuit.
Full backwards compatibility.
Well, there's another thing. You call it a biscuit.
I mean, come on.
Rob!
The expression is take the cake.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, shut up.
What?
I'm just, obviously I'm kidding. Come on.
Stuff it!
Thank you.
I'm going to flip Jamie off the British way. There you go.
Up your arse.
Hey, two fingers salute for you.
You're being a real tit.
Don't be such a tit.
I'm done. I promise.
To use a bit of proper colloquialism. Rob's doing my head in here.
So shall I continue?
I suppose.
Okay. Wanker.
Full backwards compatibility was one of the biggest selling points for the PS2 for me and would have been on the PS3.
Being able to play a session of San Andreas and putting on Bishi Bashi Special if mates come over without switching consoles or messing with wires is important to me.
I'm starting to wonder whether Sony actually wants to sell any consoles over here.
PS3s are available on pre-order from every UK shop and website.
No one is worried about shortages because there are none and there is a conspicuous lack of interest in the approaching release.
Is there any way of getting an import yet or have Sony still got sniffer dogs in customs?
IBOs maybe?
Asiya Lee, Marketing Manager, OLR, UK Division.
Oh, yes. This guy.
Yes.
Amazing work.
Bandit calls this whole thing bux.
That's a bandit has to say about it.
I offered you some. Don't give me that look.
What?
You're looking at my cupcake and then I ate that big thing of icing.
It looks like a yummy cupcake, but I don't want it.
I offered you some.
Cupcakes make me fat. I don't want it.
You put your fingers all over that cupcake.
You haven't even like torn off the paper.
You've just dived into the cupcake.
I asked you if you wanted some and you said no so I started licking the ice.
Don't be such a twat.
You're being a real twat.
Wanker.
Anyway, no seriously.
I think the reason why Europe gets shit on is I think they sell the least amount of consoles there.
The end.
Right? Am I right?
No.
Loki says I'm wrong.
I would think that's what it is.
I don't know.
Don't they sell more consoles in Japan and America than they do in Europe?
Maybe.
I guess it depends what you consider to be Europe.
Do you consider Europe to be everything on the other side of the Atlantic?
Or do you consider Europe to be, you know...
I just think that they think that their US and Japan markets are more important than their UK markets.
They want to make sure they have enough consoles for us because we're spending more money on games.
I always said the TVs too because the Japan and US share the same TV format standard whereas NTSC...
It doesn't matter with HD.
If Sony's really pushing the HD format then having PAL or NTSC is not going to matter.
But not everybody has an HD TV yet so the systems have to work with the old TVs whether they are whoring up the HD angle or not.
That should be pretty easy to do though.
Just a thought.
You have to figure out what components they're going to take out of your PS3 so that they can lower the price on their end.
That's what they have to do.
All right. Well, we don't know.
That's the Sony question we've given you our thoughts though.
Regardless, it's not nice that they keep giving you the shot over there on the different games.
Rob.
What?
I'm sorry. No.
The international listeners ought to know I love them.
I tease because I love.
As somebody in chats, I don't even know who said this here.
Who said my accents were so bad they were good?
Somebody there said my accents are so bad.
Oh, there it is.
Sky Warrior says Sky's accents are so bad they're funny.
Uni says Sky's accents are like my mom trying to do a British accent and completely miserably failing at it.
Oh, goodie.
Now I'm like your mom.
That's a very nice compliment.
Like your mom.
Orange Lounge Radio.
It's like your mom.
Go leave that on an iTunes review.
I want one of our British listeners to record that for us so that we can make a bumper out of it.
We need to bring back the bumpers.
I missed the bumper.
Orange Lounge Radio.
It's like your mom.
I could do that better.
I could do that better.
All right. Sorry.
Forget it.
No, seriously. I could.
Any more emails?
No.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Send us more.
Send emails. My accent wants some fan mails.
We need to do what this says.
You lose because we say so.
You're just crazy.
Apparently the rumor is much like the online libraries, they are also withholding the Mii libraries for the Nintendo Wii from third-party developers
and not letting them develop games that will utilize the Miis,
which is kind of disappointing because I would like to use my Miis in a lot more things than just Wii Sports or WarioWare, I guess.
I don't see why they don't.
Don't use your Miis in Grand Theft Auto.
Oh, my God. That would be awesome.
That would be so cool.
Even stuff like maybe your face or something on SSX Blur or something like that.
Create a character type thing.
Or your mom.
Literally put your mom in the game.
Something like that, yeah.
I don't know why they don't. I think it's stupid.
But if it's anything like the online stuff was, they want to make sure they get it right first before they put it out to everybody.
Which is a poor excuse if you ask me, but whatever.
I'm sure, like the online, it will be something that's implemented later on.
While it may not be happening now, it will happen later.
Yeah, third-parties will get their Miis soon enough.
Although I agree, they should have had it from the start.
Well, GameTap, we mentioned in part A when I was talking about Myst online.
What should be noted is that GameTap is also now starting to really get behind the independent game movement.
Seems like a really good fit for GameTap, if you ask me.
Well, GameTap has announced they're going to be doing a new indie game label.
What they're going to do, they're going to sign and distribute any worthy indie project over the GameTap service.
This would be a really great way to get your game out there, because GameTap has their user base.
They won't say how big it is, which makes me think it's not that big.
I don't know, I guess a lot of people are still not willing to fork over the $10 a month to pay the games.
But this would be a really great way for GameTap to get more games that you can't get other places.
I think it's a really good fit for GameTap and a smart thing for them to be doing right now.
If you want more information, GameTap.com.
They will also probably be announcing, I believe I read somewhere else, not this particular article I'm looking at now.
I believe they announced somewhere else that a game developer conference are going to announce the first batch of games that are going to be on the indie label.
So that's kind of cool.
So, Loki, is this something that might get you on GameTap finally?
Nope. I don't have time to be paying for online monthly subscriptions for games.
I thought I'd ask anyway.
Excuse me. I'm sorry, I was just choking up a baby.
Okay. Apparently this show has that effect on people.
I'm sorry. I just coughed up a baby listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
They were talking about babies flying out of vaginas in one part and in the second part they coughed up a baby.
It's amazing.
Okay. There is some love coming out thanks to SNK.
Art of Fighting actually is going to be having a collection to be released stateside.
Art of Fighting was a very interesting game because it was a big definite knockoff in some respects of Street Fighter II,
what with, you know, Rio and, you know, Robert Garcia and all of them.
Two of them also gave us Dan and later ones too.
But, I don't know. It's kind of cool.
I always liked Art of Fighting because they did name a fighter after me.
Having a rob in a fighting game was pretty cool.
I also like that old school zoom in and out effect it did.
Art of Fighting, though, gave us King.
That's right.
And King was awesome.
Big ol' lesbian.
And Yuri with the flying butt attack.
Got a lot of flying butt attacks.
In fact, I'm going to do a flying butt attack on Dark Sakura right now.
Get your ass off me.
I've been rubbed with gay ass.
Anyways, if you like ridiculous weapons much like Rob's flying butt attack,
then you're definitely going to love Worms HD, which is coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Speaking of ass worms.
Finally, this Wednesday.
So, that is awesome.
It's supposed to be 800 Microsoft points or $10 in real money.
And it's awesome.
It's Worms.
It's 2D.
And, yeah, I can't wait to play it.
It's about fucking time this game came out to Xbox Live Arcade.
Exploding Sheep, no Holy Hand Grenade.
That's the only disappointment for me, but that is still a fucking awesome game.
Oh, Lord, bless this thy hand grenade.
Well, what could also be very awesome for Xbox Live Arcade would be Sam and Max.
And there are rumors abounding.
There's been for a little while that Sam and Max, of course, again, we mentioned GameTap earlier.
It's kind of all coming together now.
The new Sam and Max adventures, I believe the most recent one was Episode 4, Abe Lincoln Must Die.
The rumor is that these Sam and Max games might be ported over to Xbox Live Arcade.
Now, Telltale Games finally said something this week about the whole thing.
They said they will, quote,
look closely at releasing a potential Sam and Max project.
Quote,
We can confirm that we are hiring an Xbox 360 programmer, although we do not have any official Xbox project announcements to share right now.
Well, I would think if they're hiring an Xbox 360 programmer, they've got something planned.
And what else would be better than a Sam and Max game?
I guess, granted, it doesn't have to be the same games that GameTap is getting,
but certainly bringing the Sam and Max series to Xbox Live Arcade, I'm sure Microsoft would be all over that.
Well, something that our listeners are all over week in and week out is DarkSakura's Website of the Week.
DarkSakura surfs the internet up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, start.
I don't know what that meant.
Every week.
And she finds a website suitable to share with all of you.
We call it DarkSakura's Website of the Week.
My Website of the Week is a marvelously special one.
It is Marvel.com, which I've been spending a whole shitload of time on,
downloading, I'm actually mostly just downloading wallpaper.
But they have, I think it's cool, they actually have some of the, I'd say comics from like a few months ago,
uploaded so that you can read them.
They have links to the toys, the movie news.
There's blogs up there, podcasts, stuff for mobile.
It's actually pretty cool.
I've been pretty happy with it.
So I'd say check it out.
It's really fun for a commercial site.
All right.
What are you surprised?
No, I'm just, I'm reading chat.
I'm arguing with Black Wolf right now in chat.
Hey Rob, do your job.
Loki's friend is fighting me in chat right now.
Loki's one friend saying that it's going to be hard to fit Sam and Max on Xbox Live Arcade
because of the size limit.
And I said, well, they upped the size limit to 250 megabytes, remember?
And Black Wolf says, yes, they'd have to make it more though.
And Black Wolf says, I just don't want 360 people to get my Sam and Max heart game tab.
So that's sort of true.
You don't want people to have your Loki, and you don't want people to have your Sam and Max.
You are a very possessive individual, Mr. Bobby Black Wolf.
I'm nobody's person, so, eh.
By the way, Bobby does his own show, Sunday Nights on All Games Radio.
A lot of our live listeners kind of see it as a pre-show to Orange Lounge Radio in some ways.
No, just teasing.
Our shows complement each other very well.
Bobby also is a big fan of the music games.
You can check his show out at allgames.com.
And listen to him stalk Loki on his program.
Anyways, so apparently they've spotted a couple games on the Vice, or, I see VC and I think Vice City.
Virtual Console Servers, because I know you can still do that little hack with the web browsers to view what's on those.
But anyways, two games that have been spotted.
One of them being Elevator Action, which is pretty awesome, and then Tech Mobile.
No it's not.
Elevator Action sucks.
It's one of those games people remember.
No, I'm talking about Tech Mobile.
Oh, Tech Mobile's awesome.
Yeah, fuck Elevator Action.
Tech Mobile on the NES was awesome, but Tech Mobile on the arcade was not so awesome.
Because I have the Tech Mobile arcade game on some Tech Mobile collection I had on the Xbox randomly.
But Tech Mobile on the NES was pretty rad.
So I'm looking forward to seeing that.
That would be pretty cool.
Elevator Action, not so much.
Elevator Action was not that good.
It's just people remember it because, ooh, it's a game with elevators.
You don't see that a lot.
I really wish they would have new Rob.
Even though Keystone Capers was a long time before it.
They need a Rob the Robot that plugs into one of your Wii U remotes.
And then they need to release those games on there.
Because I think that would be funny.
Like a little miniature Rob the Robot.
They don't need it.
Yes they do.
Because I want Rob the Robot.
Why?
Rob the Robot.
For those two shit games they had for it.
I mean to re-release Rob the Robot.
They can make new games.
Do Rob 2.
How about Rob Roberts, the bot?
That'd be good.
No.
They need to bring back.
How about a Jamie bot where it just nags you to do things?
That would be a woman bot, okay?
Turn on your system.
Download this upgrade.
No.
I only called you once to ask you to turn on your aims.
I'm going to send you the fucking pre-show.
Do not be a bitch to Rob.
Turn on your AOL.
If you think that I'm going to download your updates for you, you're completely wrong.
I'm an independent woman.
I'll do what I want.
I'm shutting off in the middle of your game now.
Wow.
I love this show.
I really, really love this show.
My battle aura.
All your memes have been deleted.
I have a power level of over 4,000 now, Rob.
I love you, Jamie.
The hell you do.
And Jamie bot.
The hell you do.
You treat me like this.
Look.
Here.
Look.
Jamie, I got a story that'll make you happy because I know you love Zork and Leisure Suit
Larry.
Who doesn't love Leisure Suit?
No.
And King's Quest?
Actually, I never really played any of them except for the first Zork.
Can't you just play along?
Vodka.
I don't think Vodka was a game.
Okay.
How about the Indiana Jones games?
Vodka Cures PMS.
Maniac Mansion?
Yeah.
I love Maniac Mansion.
There we go.
Well, Maniac Mansion, I'm sure there'll be a mention of it at Adventure Con.
But news alert.
Adventure Con is an adventure game convention that's going to happen August 28th and 29th
at the Mirage Hotel right on the Vegas Strip.
It's going to be two days of adventure game nerdom.
There's actually going to be a Zork room because, basically, Adventure Con had started
out as a 30th birthday celebration for Zork.
And so they decided to – it kind of grew into this all-encompassing adventure game
thing.
I don't know how many times Andreo started about music games, but now we're all video
games because we did that.
So there you go.
That's kind of neat.
And this, by the way, this is the first Adventure Con.
So it started off being a Zork thing.
Now it's this whole big thing because they're actually going to have Al Lowe from Sierra
there, Jane Jensen, the creator of the Gabriel Knights games.
It's pretty rad.
I did not realize that Zork 1 was written in 1977.
The White House with the mailbox here seems so, so long ago.
Hey, Rob?
What?
I just unleashed a grue in your underwear.
Thank you.
It's squishy.
Anyway, moving on for some different news.
The games for Windows Live beta sign-up is now open.
It's the Microsoft PC version of Xbox Live, and the two are going to be tied together
for cross-platform play.
So go check it out if you are not blessed enough to console game with the rest of us
cool kids.
And I will not be checking this out because I do not have Vista.
I do not want Vista.
Nor do I want to play PC.
Do not want.
But, what's kind of cool though, everyone remembers Wii-Cade.
Wait, I have to say this real fast.
You know why I don't want Windows Vista?
Because I do not want my computer to look like those god-awful Heroes previews that
were brought to us by Windows Vista.
Oh, I pissed off.
That turned me off to Windows Vista.
I was like, what have you done to my Heroes?
Do not want.
And it's simulated Vista.
Your offering has not pleased Kitty.
More.
No more.
Do not want.
So, Wii-Cade, Flashlight that has games made for the Wii browser.
Well, they have just opened up a downloadable API that will allow developers of other Flash
games to use the Wii Remote's buttons for actual gameplay.
Before, it used to be limited to kind of mouse games that use only the A button for clicking
and stuff like that.
But now they've actually figured out how to use every single button on the Wii Remote,
which is pretty fucking awesome.
So, hopefully we'll see some pretty cool games come from this.
And hopefully I will actually work on OLRWii.com at some point.
Yeah, you had to do that because there was some website I saw that had all these popular
Wii game things listed or something.
And I did not see OLRWii.com and I remembered, oh yeah, there's nothing on it.
Sorry.
Crackdown.
It's been a problem.
By the way, going back to the last story, it was commented in our chat room,
Loki does not have friends on Vista.
Where's Black Wolf now, Loki?
Black Wolf even made that comment, so you got no friends now.
I don't have Vista.
Oh no.
It's a joke.
Well, here's the thing though.
Windows Live, you remember, is part of the Live Anywhere, so technically I have a lot
more games for Windows Live than I do for actual the PS3 network.
So, ha, I do have friends on there and I don't even have it.
Something that you can't play with friends, although I think it would be fun if you could.
It's a SimCity DS.
Actually, I don't know much about this.
Perhaps maybe you can play with friends.
Oh, there is wireless data exchange in this game.
You can't play with friends.
SimCity DS.
It has officially been announced that it will be coming to the US.
Yay.
Other things that SimCity DS allows you to do.
You can blow out fires by blowing on the DS's microphone.
Doesn't that actually keep fires going?
Ah, forget it.
You sign off proclamations using the stylus.
That's fun.
So, there you have it.
That will be coming out in June, by the way.
That's a nice little translation time between Japan and the US there.
Because I believe this game just came out in Japan like last week.
I have to admit I'm not as excited about this game because it's based off the SimCity 2000 engine.
And I didn't like SimCity when it went 3D.
It was too much for my feeble brain to handle.
Bring me my old school 2D SimCity.
I actually have it on Virtual Console and I never play it because I get sucked into other games.
Like World of Warcraft.
Well, you know, that's just because you're an addict, Rob.
How about a different game?
How about Darwinia?
Darwinia, as announced by Introversion, is going to be multiplayer in 2008.
Excuse me.
It's set for release on its own.
It's called Multi-Winia. We'll let you play cooperatively or competitively.
The number of people on, they're not really sure how much they're going to be able to handle.
But they're hoping that they're going to go really, really massive.
I'm going to reserve judgment for actually seeing it.
They're saying that there's a quote by John Nottenbelt saying that it will let you organize your Darwinians into ranks and create massive armies.
So that would be kind of cool.
I don't know. I'm still going to reserve judgment for actually seeing it.
Is that a free game? I can't remember. Was Darwinia a free one?
I believe it was. I thought about playing it.
The chat, I'm sure, knows because I believe some folks ought to know what's going on there.
Let me see if anybody in chat can answer my question there.
Oh, they say no it wasn't.
I think you could download a demo for free is what it was.
Hitstun says Darwinia had a demo but the game was $20.
I was going to see if it was something I wanted to check out.
I'll check out the demo because I'm kind of curious.
By the way, I'm very proud of Miklotov because he's been unlocking achievements in Crackdown for me while this show's been going on.
So he got me this First Blood achievement, which I didn't have, and Bare Knuckle Brawler.
Kill 150 gang members with your bare hands. Nice.
So if you wondered how I was on Xbox Live during the show, it's actually Miklotov playing Crackdown right now.
Awesome.
But I have more achievements than you do at Crackdown.
Alrighty. Yeah, you have a shitload of achievements in Crackdown.
I have more achievements than you do in Universe.
Oh God, I can't believe I didn't mention this at the top of the show.
That's alright. Nobody gets to the end of the show.
Do you know who I got a message from on Xbox Live while I was playing DDR Universe?
No.
Strip Club DJ. Do you know who that person is?
Yes.
He is like the guy who was, for a long time, he was the number one gamer points holder on all of Xbox Live, right?
He has over 100,000 gamer score.
I got a message from him, and it said simply,
Can you use the joystick on DDR?
Because I think he's probably contemplating, do I want to get DDR to get the 1,000 achievement points out of?
So I replied. I replied with a voice message though.
But I said something like, yes you can, but obviously you're supposed to use the dance pad,
but if you're just trying to run through the game, you'll probably just want to use the controller.
But I said something about quest mode sucking, and a lot of the unlocks coming through that.
Yeah, see I was stupid and I told somebody there was like 75 unlocks because in quest mode it says 0 of 75 for music stuff.
That's how much you own, or how many songs you own in quest mode, right?
That's what it is.
When you buy a song in quest mode to have the advantage in quest mode, that's...
See, the game doesn't fucking explain any of this.
That's why quest mode sucks.
I didn't even know what the hell that meant.
That's what it means.
So there you go.
But that was kind of funny to get a message from him because I guess apparently at one point,
and I looked at my gamercard.net right after that because that's the one that ranks,
I was apparently like number six or seven in the world for gamer score earned in DDR universe.
Really?
Yeah, because I ran through the game and played all the songs.
I got like 400 achievement points and then I just ran through a lot of the game real fast.
I'm sure I'm not up there anymore when you look.
I gotta just play through it. I can probably get way up there.
I think it's getting harder and harder now.
I doubt I'm even in the top 25 at this point.
Now you got me all curious. I'm gonna look.
See, am I even up there now?
Oh wow, I'm still number 17.
Look at that. There I am.
Does anyone have all of them?
Somebody has 900 points, 900 of the points, and somebody else has 860.
But nobody has all 1,000 yet.
I only have 480 points in the game.
It's not that hard to...
I mean, I could probably, if I really just sat down and played it,
I could probably crank out the whole game in one day.
I may think achievement points are fun and all,
and they kind of add something to the game,
but I would not consider myself an achievement point whore, so to speak.
So it was kind of just interesting that I did show up on there
and got contacted by Strip Club DJ.
A true achievement points whore because of it, so interesting.
Anyhow, we're gonna open up the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call and interact with our program, you can do so.
The number is 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or you can always use Skype to give us a call.
Our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
If you want more information on that, you can visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
and click on Interact With Us,
and we'll wait for some calls to start coming in.
While we wait for something to come in, does anybody have a last-minute story?
Yep.
What do you want, Jamie?
Well, Lucky had one first, right?
Just real quick.
Just one story for now, and then we'll get to some other calls.
Just real quick.
In God of War 2, someone had gotten the game out before it's come out,
and on the back of the manual, it says God of War PSP coming in 2007.
So confirm it is coming on the PSP.
All right, there you have it.
Now we can go to the phones.
Well, wait.
We'll get more last-minute stories in a minute.
No problem.
Hi, you're on Renaissance Radio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hi, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I already know about, you know, that Gold test is going to be released tomorrow for the location test, right?
I think you said, because you're dropping out there on the stream a little bit,
you said something about 2DX Gold coming out tomorrow for a location test.
Yeah, we mentioned that on last week's show.
Why?
No, I mean, they're all saying that, you know, from what I'm hearing right now is that,
you know, it has to do really good in order for it to actually move any further.
It's like a one-shot deal at the moment right now.
Well, but wait a minute, though.
I mean, what about those arcades that import Japanese games anyway,
like Arcade Infinity and whatever that one is on the East Coast that was...
But it changes on that single location test happening tomorrow and for the next two weeks.
So this is the one that might tip the scale.
Well, what city is it in again?
It's somewhere in Illinois, right?
Naperville.
Naperville?
Yeah.
In Illinois?
Yeah, it's near Betzen's locations nearby in Chicago.
All right.
Well, if you are in the Chicago Naperville area and you are a music video game fan
and you want to see BeatMania make a U.S. debut in arcades, you've got to go.
You've got to help out.
If you want to see it out, go through.
Come through on it.
All right.
Well, thank you for the reminder, Mr. Zaku.
I unfortunately cannot attend.
Chicago's a little far.
It's several thousand miles.
I know there's listeners probably in Illinois hearing this right now.
That's very true.
We do have the luxury of being not too far from L.A.
where we can drive for six hours to play 2DX Gold whenever they get it.
If they don't already have it, I don't even know.
I haven't actually followed BeatMania in a while, sadly.
Right.
All right.
Well, anything else, Zaku?
Just Sony's rumbling about why they didn't bother to settle quickly with immersion
rather than just wait until they drop the PS3.
Pride.
Pride is more like they were banking on a sinking ship called their lawsuit.
Well, remember that Rumble is so last gen.
Well, they're spinning and they're in denial.
It's like a little kid.
They know they fucked up, and so they're just like they don't want to admit it.
They don't want to admit they fucked up badly.
And that's why PS3 is not even worth getting right now, not even for another year.
All right.
Well, Zaku, thank you very much for the call, and good luck with your 2DX Gold promotion.
All right.
Thank you.
All right.
Let's go to another phone call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
What's up, guys?
It's the Rob D.
Hi, Rob D. Are you still bitter about your loss from last week?
Not so much.
All right.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
Lucky did a good job on that.
Very good sport about the whole thing.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not too much.
Just wondering what you guys thought about the news about the 20-gigabyte PS3 being possibly
discontinued.
I don't know if you heard about that.
Kind of.
We actually did cover it in part A. I don't know if Bobby's show ran long tonight or what.
No, I suck then.
It's okay.
I've actually been busy recording some stuff, but that's a different story altogether.
That's all right.
We'll forgive you.
You know, the 20-gig model, I mean, it was not something I was interested in anyway,
so I'm a little bit, you know, kind of about the whole thing anyway.
I think, to be honest, the 20-gig model is just as good as the 60-gig as far as what's
available for it.
I mean, if I were to buy one, I would pick the 20-gig.
I have a 20-gig, and it's great.
I mean, it's not like I have to worry about filling up with downloads because there's
nothing to download on it.
Well, isn't the 60-gigabyte version supposed to have dual HDMI ports?
Oh, wait.
No, it doesn't.
And then all models do have HDMI access.
No, I'm kidding.
That's what they said to E3.
But, yeah.
Other than that, that's pretty much all I wanted to talk about.
All right.
Well, thank you very much for the call, Rob D. We appreciate it.
Thank you for taking my call.
See you guys later.
No problem.
Have a good week.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
If you want to give a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR is the number you got to call, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Dark Soccer, why don't you throw us your last-minute story while we're waiting for a call.
Well, it was actually something posted by Tigerclaw in the chat room during the break
was Activision released a screenshot from the new Transformers game that they're putting
out.
Yeah, it makes my heart break.
I'm not going to like the movie.
I don't think.
It doesn't look like Transformers.
And the game makes my heart hurt.
What's so bad about it?
What isn't so bad about it?
Oh, my God.
Did you see it?
No.
What does it look like?
It's fucking awesome is what it is.
The fuck it is?
That does not look like Bumblebee.
It looks like a bee's head and like junk.
I can't wait to see this movie.
It's going to be awesome.
Look.
I know.
It's awesome.
I mean, I'll go see it because I have to, but God, it's fucking ugly.
All right.
Well, let's go to another call here on the Skype line and see what you folks have to
say.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Whoa.
Can you guys hear me?
Hi.
Yes.
We can hear you.
What's up?
Hey.
This is DDR Dollar Bill.
Hi, DDR Dollar Bill.
What's on your mind?
Nothing much.
I got a Wii for Valentine's Day.
Oh, wheelie.
Yes, wheelie.
It's a nice little present, too, I figured.
What did you think?
Me and a girlfriend love it a lot.
We play mostly Wii Sports and Wii Play, and we also ended up getting into Metal Slug Anthology.
My big thing was that, did somebody in the show say that Metal Slug Anthology stunk?
No.
It's awesome.
I haven't played Metal Gear Anthology.
I'm sorry.
Metal Slug Anthology.
I think what we said on the show is that Kropotkin and Hendrix reviewed it this week.
We were teasing the All Games thing because they play Kropotkin and Hendrix between our
show.
I don't know if they said it sucked.
I unfortunately did not get a chance to hear their show yet this week.
I don't think they did, though.
I think they liked it.
Yeah.
It's pretty much better than the other emulations that came out for the other systems because
in most other emulated versions, like the Xbox, for example, there were loading times
in between each level.
This one has none.
It just pretty much goes into the game and plays it straight through, so it's exactly
like the arcade.
Interesting.
What else on the Wii have you been playing?
So obviously Metal Slug Anthology.
I tried the Wii Sports and the Wii Play, and the Wii Play, it's alright.
It was just worth it for the other controller, you know?
Gotcha.
Yeah, but the Wii Sports is a blast.
What do you think the Wii's chances are against the 360 and the PlayStation 3?
You live...
Where was it that you live again?
New York, nearby where Rama lives.
What do you think, I thought for some reason you were in another country, what do you think
the chances are of the Wii doing against the 360 and the PS3 in the long run?
If they can get better games that just don't rely on the Wii controls, but rather makes
something like the original stuff and a good third party support, yeah, it's definitely
going to be allowed for a while, and not just thought of as a party system, you know?
Anything else you want to share with our listeners, my friend?
One question.
Yes.
What was the exact difference with Zelda on the GameCube and the Wii?
Everything is right-handed on the Wii and left-handed on the GameCube.
So they have the same graphics and music and all that?
Actually, no.
The GameCube does not support the 16 by 9.
Gotcha.
Everything will be in the square as well, and that's why the graphics suffer a little
bit.
Oh, okay.
So, there you go.
All right.
All right, well thank you so much for the call, buddy, and enjoy the Wii.
Thanks, see you guys.
Later.
All right, we'll try at least one more call here on the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
It's deep breathing.
Sorry.
It's me.
It's you.
I thought it was an erotic phone call.
Who's this?
This is Youni.
Hi, Youni.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I was wondering about something.
I was thinking about getting a PS3, but you know how crappy they are?
Yeah, yeah.
What might be swaying your mind on this?
Well, I do play a lot of PS2 games on my PS2 and everything.
I don't know why I would want to buy one other than it enhances the graphics on your PS2
games.
And even for a while, it was de-hancing them, if you might have seen anything a while back.
It's like, why should you buy one?
Because they're like a 300 or 400, maybe 500 piece of crap, really.
I'm just thinking about what I should buy, because I'm not really sure yet.
I don't think the PlayStation 3 is worth it at the time.
Again, you've got to remember the golden rule of gaming here at Orange Launch Radio.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
So it's really about what type of games you want to play.
I mean, if first person shooters are your thing, oh my God, Xbox 360 all the way.
If you want something that's a little more lighthearted, fun type of games, the Wii is
very your active system type of game.
And then, of course, you've got the PlayStation 3, which doesn't have a lot right now.
It's thought that a little later on down the line, it's strengths will be role playing
games and so on, just like it was on PlayStation 2.
But right now, not a lot going for it.
And you've got Microsoft trying to step it up with what they were lacking with the Xbox
the first time around.
They're talking about bringing out another MMO from Square Enix called Final Fantasy
13.
I'm not really sure about it.
I mean, it might bring me back to Square Enix, but they're really sitting on their thumbs
most of the time when you're calling a GM on Final Fantasy 11.
I've been playing WoW, and when you call a GM, it's like that.
You get the call, they answer it, they really care about their customers.
Well, thank God Final Fantasy 13 is not online then.
Yeah, I agree.
I think WoW, to WoW's credit, they probably have a bigger budget because they have like
umpteen million subscribers.
They probably have people on the clock 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
That's true.
But Final Fantasy 13 versus is not going to be online.
I think it's going to be more of a Kingdom Hearts-ish game, but that sounds pretty hot
to me.
Yeah.
Final Fantasy 13 probably will be the game that gets me on PlayStation.
I also heard that Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories is coming to the PS2.
I saw the trailer for it.
There's a big trailer report on YouTube.
It's completely redone, full style for the Kingdom Hearts games.
It's really, really awesome looking.
If I can remember where to find it, I should see if I can't repost the YouTube link.
I'm very curious to check this out myself.
It is freaking awesome.
You should check it out.
It better be.
All right.
Because if I'm rebuying Kingdom Hearts 2 for it, it better be.
All right.
Well, UNI, thanks so much for the call, and take care, and good luck on your system hunting.
You too.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
Let's see if we get any more calls.
Ring, ring, ring.
Oh.
Well, that must be on the back line.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Shane.
Oh, hi.
Oh, hey.
Shane's standing right in front of me.
Hi, Shane.
Hi.
AKA Miklatov.
That's what I am this week.
We can't call you Miklatov anymore.
Well, I had to change it because I'm trying to get into a pump group, and there was already
a Miklatov in pump, so I have to go by my more recent nickname of Arx.
Well, whatever the hell your name is.
That's why I just go by Shane.
All right.
Then what do you want?
Crackdown's the best game ever.
I love it.
It's in my mind.
Yeah.
I saw you unlock some achievements for me.
I appreciate that.
Heck, yeah.
It's so much fun kicking them.
What?
I wasn't really getting into it.
What really do you love about this game?
You can jump really high, and you jump across rooftops, and you're like the Tick, that superhero.
Was it just because I hadn't leveled up enough that I couldn't do it?
No.
I think you just didn't understand what you were doing, and...
You're right.
I didn't.
You're supposed to go and shoot people and kick them and jump from roof to roof, and
it's so much fun, and I really want it.
All right.
Well, you can't have my copy because now that you've told me it's fun, I need to go back
and play it more.
It's a terrible game.
Lies.
Yeah.
Lies.
You played Myst Online a little bit.
What'd you think of that?
I think I would like it a whole lot if it didn't have the worst controls I've ever touched.
It's really terrible.
But it's simple.
Simply hard.
Maybe if it had a game pad input thing I could use, but I can't use W-A-S-D, and it goes
back to that old Resident Evil style where up is always forward no matter which way you're
facing, and I don't dig that, and the mouse is awkward to use.
But I think I will probably give it another shot because it was really cool because I
like solving puzzle things.
All right.
And Crackdown is a great game.
It's so much fun.
I would say something more, but it's probably racist.
It is so funny.
Can I say it anyway?
I guess.
It's so much fun kicking the Mexicans in the head.
Orange Lounge Radio has just been banned from Mexico.
Look at that.
How do you like that?
That's the only part I'm at right now.
I'm sure once I beat that part I can go kick some other race, but Mexicans are so easy
to target.
All right.
There you go.
Click.
DDR dollar bill says holy racist remark.
My God.
Act Deafed.
Act Deafed is a Mexican.
Didn't like that comment.
Did not like that comment.
That's okay because I'm like a quarter Brazilian and that's all I know, so I'm dirty too.
You can send those cards and letters to Shane or Miklata or whatever the fuck your name
is this week at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Act Deafed says I'm a Mexican, but I agree with Miklata, so there you go.
The violence.
The violence.
I do not appreciate the violence.
Our phone lines are ringing off the hook and everyone's trying to get in.
All right.
One more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Agent Otto.
Agent Otto.
I don't recognize your name.
What do you want, Agent Otto?
Are you a new listener?
Are you a new listener of Orange Lounge Radio?
I'm from Elevator Action.
Oh.
Oh, God.
Oh, yes.
Elevator Action, that horribly overrated game from the 1980s.
How are you, Agent Otto?
I'm doing great.
I don't know what your problem is with my game and what I do for a living.
I go into buildings, find documents, and not get shot in the head and not get crushed by
elevators.
Well, what do you do?
You sit there and talk about how bad my game is?
Well, Agent Otto, your game bored the shit out of me because it was pretty much the same
joke after the first two minutes for hours on end.
You know the game's actually hard, right?
Yes, it is pretty hard.
That's another reason why I don't play it.
Oh.
Well, then you probably didn't play anything from the 80s then because you clearly hate
hard games.
No, I actually played a lot of games from the 80s, like Crystal Castles.
Actually, I don't know if you listened to the program last week, but we had a whole
segment on 80s games that I'd played and beat the host.
I don't listen to your show.
I'm too busy going to...
How do you get the number to this program then, Agent Otto?
Because I'm at DMN's house drinking beer, and I heard you talking shit about me.
Why are you hanging out with DMN?
He sucks.
Because I have no one better to hang out with.
I see.
So, Agent Otto is DMN's only friend, just like Black Wolf is Loki's only friend.
Yeah, I know.
He's a pretty sad guy.
Well, then, much like I do to DMN, Agent Otto, I'm hanging up on you now.
Going to the chat room, let's see.
Sky Warrior says DMN is not funny.
Alpha Catagram says DMN sucks.
You can hear DMN here on Orange Lounge Radio on Thursday nights on STFU, if you want to
hear that.
Uni says DMN is not funny.
Aw, poor DMN.
Poor baby.
Alright, sorry to those folks we didn't get to, but we got to get the show wrapped up
because it's already like 20 minutes after 9, we're running a little long tonight, and
we'd like to go home at a decent hour tonight.
So if there's any more last minute stories, now's a good time to get them out?
Nope.
Loki?
Nope.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought?
I need to finish Crackdown.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
I need to play more Captain America.
My final thought is Pants!
Thank you so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting and independent gaming
radio.
If you want to show your appreciation for Orange Lounge Radio and us doing this crap
for free, you can tell two people about Orange Lounge Radio, because if everybody tells two
people about Orange Lounge Radio, within weeks we will have taken over the world.
So thank you very much, and if you have no friends to tell about Orange Lounge Radio,
you can always leave us a nice review on iTunes or Digg or Podcast Alley or one of those sites.
That will work as well.
All right, so that's going to do it for the show.
We'll see you here next week with more Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
