Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It is March 18, 2007, and you're on Part B of our podcast.
Remember, we tape Orange Lounge Radio in two halves every week.
If you're listening to us on the podcast or audio blog feed and you haven't yet heard Part A,
you really should go back into iTunes or Podcast Alley or Yahoo Podcast, Dig Podcast,
whatever you use to listen to this program.
You should go back and grab Part A because it's really great.
Loki goes and tells us about the beautiful Katamari controversy you could say around the internet.
He gives us the definitive date for Halo 3 in September, as he's heard,
and gives us a whole lot of other release date stuff in Part A.
So check that out.
Not that I'm saying you shouldn't listen to this half of the show, too,
because we have some good stories for you in this half, right?
Because we missed so much stuff in the first half of the program.
We do tape live on Sunday nights at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Join us sometime, shall we?
All right, let's get into some of that news I was talking about.
Okay, so anyway, one thing that's been going around, it's kind of a rumor right now.
Best Buy, there has been a shot from Best Buy's system, their POS system,
and it's basically, well, it's a printout, I should say, from their computer system,
showing the status of the 20GB model of the PS3 is discontinued.
And a lot of people have been saying, or actually Sony has been saying,
that it's because it's a choice for retailers, what systems they bring in,
and that's why I haven't been able to find 20GB systems.
Now, here's an interesting spin on it, though.
Our company, we haven't been able to get 20GB systems for a while now,
and they basically have been discontinued in our system as well,
and this has been, I think, going on for about over a month.
So I wouldn't be surprised if this is true, if they're discontinuing the 20GB system,
probably because they're making more money off the 60GB system,
and not a lot of people were snatching up the 20GB system.
I don't know, I think 20GB was still pretty fine.
I mean, 20 is enough space for right now, at least, so I don't know.
Not for the Xbox 360 with all that movie stuff.
I'm almost out of space, so I don't know.
I think about that with the PlayStation 3.
When I jump ship, I probably will get the 60GB model just because I'm a consumer whore.
And how?
I will just upgrade my hard drive in there.
Well, here's something cool.
Speaking of, we had talked about Tecmo earlier.
Tecmo is bringing out Ninja Gaiden Sigma.
It has new backgrounds, enemies, characters, animations, textures,
completely revamped for the next system.
You can partially or fully install the game on the PS3 to help with load time.
It will run at 60 frames per second, self-shadowing, and in 720p.
So lots of Ninja Gaiden action.
You also get a playable Rachel.
Apparently, she's supposed to be very bouncy because it's Team Ninja.
My question is will I actually be able to get anywhere in the game
without getting frustrated so that I throw my controller through the screen?
Nobody can help that you suck at it, Rob.
No, everybody sucks at Ninja Gaiden.
It's a fucking hard game.
Dan was doing pretty good at it.
Well, Dan is a god among men then, I guess.
I don't know what to tell you.
Well, I only marry awesome.
All right.
Anyhow, a game I'm really looking forward to on the PlayStation 3,
and how sad is it that this is one of the games I'm really looking forward to
on the PlayStation 3?
Loki's wagging his finger already because he knows what I'm going to say.
Sing Star on the PlayStation 3 is coming out, of course.
A lot of people thought it was going to be something that was
like a network download, but no, I think at E3 they said it was going to be a full game.
Well, it is coming on a Blu-ray disc, and there's going to be HD videos on it,
30 songs on the disc.
We don't know exactly what 30 songs we're talking about yet,
but I seem to remember at E3 last year,
they demoed Survivor by Destiny's Child as one of the songs.
Am I on crack?
Wasn't there a Fallout boys song?
Wasn't Dance Dance one of them too?
I could be wrong, but if you saw them at E3,
chances are those licenses have carried over.
We'll see.
Regardless, I will make it my life mission to, on game 3.0 or whatever they call it,
I will make it my mission to get Loki YouTubed singing something.
Maybe Survivor would be a good song for Loki,
but we'll get that on the Internet for all our listeners to download.
Or just Bobby Black Wolf because he's Loki's only friend on the PlayStation 3.
I don't know.
No, I'm not.
I'm sorry, you have like seven friends now.
I'm not his only friend.
Oh, sorry.
He's not my only friend.
You're very popular.
Exactly.
Anyways, something that's kind of popular on the PC is distributed computing.
They have a similar thing with folding at home as well as SETI at home, that type of stuff.
Well, I think they even talked about this back a long time ago
when they were talking about the cell processor.
Now you can actually, with the new firmware update 1.6,
they'll be downloading folding at home as well.
It's a funky little screensaver that helps process stuff to cure cancer.
So you might have a part in curing diseases such as Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, cystic fibrosis,
and many cancers and stuff like that.
Let me write that $600 check right now.
It's for a good cause, right?
Exactly.
You know, I don't know.
It's interesting, that whole distributed, I think that website distributed net had something like that.
It's a very interesting concept.
I don't know as it is.
The PlayStation 3 does suck a lot of power out of it.
I mean, if this was something on the Wii, I can have it in standby and it would do this.
There's Wii Connect 24 for you, huh?
I don't know if I really want my PlayStation 3 with this giant screensaver on HDTV
just sitting there all day long, even if it was for a good cause.
Fuck that shit.
It should be calculating what the winning lotto numbers are for me.
That's the kind of computing I want to see the PlayStation 3 doing.
I want it to see it earning money to pay for itself.
That's what it should be doing.
Go out and get a job, PlayStation 3.
Go out and watch some dishes somewhere.
Get a job cooking French fries someplace.
Work the streets if you have to.
I don't care.
Just help me pay the rent, PlayStation 3.
Pimp that Blu-ray.
$600, make you holla.
Anyway.
Yeah, make you holla.
Why did I spend $600 on this goddamn Blu-ray player?
Anyway.
Well, in other news regarding the player itself,
the 1.6 firmware update for PS3 has a remote play function,
so you can bring up any audio, video, photo stored on the PS3 using your PSP.
Actually, just anywhere you can find an internet connection.
So that's kind of cool.
Porn, porn, porn, porn, porn, porn, porn, porn.
Mighty porn, mighty porn.
Okay.
Sorry, anytime you talk about sharing photos and movies and all that stuff,
I can't help but think of porn.
Is that so wrong?
I also can't help but think of Killzone on the PlayStation 3 coming out in July.
Actually, there's a lot of other things I can think of.
I just needed to transition.
What?
Oh, go ahead.
Well, anyway.
Phil Harrison revealed some footage of Killzone on the PlayStation 3,
of course, at Game Developers Conference.
I guess one of those things where the feedback from the journalist was not so hot,
so they didn't end up showing it at the full Sony conference,
even though folks were reporting they could see it on the screen,
like in the PS3, they didn't play it.
It was a tease thing.
But according to IGN, the game will, I guess, come out in July.
It's not coming out in July.
The demo will come out in July.
Interesting.
Yeah, the game itself is nowhere near done.
But we'll probably see it at E3 or something like that.
Interesting.
Another game that we can be looking forward to pretty soon,
well, a few months off at least, but Grand Theft Auto IV.
And it is thought, the rumor is that it's going to be set in a New York City setting.
And this rumor comes from a couple of people that have been contracted
to come up with New York City themed music for the game.
So, you know, possibly hinting at a New York City type theme.
If I were to guess, I would say Liberty City,
because that's supposed to be New York City anyways.
So, I don't know.
I would think Liberty City all over again is where it's going to be.
But whatever, they could surprise us and have a real city in there.
Either way, the game's not expected out until October.
However, the first ever trailer of the game will be available March 29th.
And I cannot wait.
And it better not suck.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the previous Grand Theft Auto game,
you could fly planes at some point, right?
Yes.
Okay. Now, isn't putting the thing in New York City,
look, I'm trying not to be wrong here, but just thinking aloud here,
by putting Grand Theft Auto in a town very similar to New York City,
doesn't that kind of open it up for folks at home
to do some really unpolitically correct things in their game?
Y'all know what I'm talking about. I don't have to say it.
But you know kids across America are going to try to imitate it.
You know, you can already, to be honest with you,
you can't fly 747s or whatever.
You can't fly giant jet planes.
You can fly biplanes and stuff like that into towers
or jets and stuff like that.
Hell, if you want to do that now, go buy San Andreas
because you can do that right now.
San Andreas was funny because you'd be driving along on a motorcycle
and a plane would crash into you.
Random plane crashes are kind of fun in that game, too.
Either way, it's going to be awesome.
This game is going to sell crazy,
and people are going to get their panties in a bunch
because it's uber violent.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
That's why I bring this up.
DarkShy and Shadowcourse, Rob, you're horrible.
That's why I bring this up because if you're able to do that in the game,
somebody's going to sue over it.
Johnson is going to have his ego all over this crap with another lawsuit.
Let me put it this way.
If I can have Sex with the Hooker in a jet,
flying towards a building,
and then set a nuclear explosion off that wipes out the entire city,
that would be awesome.
Everybody seems to agree here that it's going to take place in the future.
A, it's not really New York City.
B, even if it was modeled after New York City a lot,
it would be a future New York City
where that landmark I was previously referring to would be removed.
But still, I don't know.
I can't help but think they might put something in there
where folks should be able to make it look like that.
All that would happen is you'd crash into the building
and your plane explodes.
The building does not explode or fall apart.
That's all that would happen is you're planning to explode
and be like, huh, it's like 9-11.
And then you'd get it out of your system
and you'd go back to playing the damn game.
Or you'd be like me and do it a few more times
until you got it out of your system.
But can you not see Tack Jomson in a courtroom
playing this footage, telling the judge how Rockstar is evil
and they're Al-Qaeda sympathizers
and the game should be banned from the market forever?
No, no, no. Hold on, hold on.
You're expecting him to actually show footage of the game.
I mean, he's trying to sue them now
about games that haven't even come out yet
that he doesn't know anything about
other than that they are making a game.
He's an idiot.
Okay, that's it. We're not talking about him anymore.
Not done.
He who shall not be named.
Let's not even refer to him. Just done. We're done.
Because there's stories about him this week I'm not talking about.
Didn't we say we were going to do that like a year ago?
What?
And we're done. Done. Stop.
We've already said too much.
Now I keep going to see if Loki's head explodes.
Well, you know what we should do for our foe, our nemesis?
We should send him one of the pink PS2s
that are out in Australia on the 15th.
Do you mean over at...
I had to censor myself.
Is that what you mean by arch nemesis?
No, I was actually...
Well, he's not necessarily an arch nemesis.
He's more like a lackey.
He would be like Toad is to Magneto.
Okay.
No, I was referring to he who shall not be named.
But I think a pink PS2 would just be the perfect thing
to cheer him up and get that stick out of his ass.
But anyway, the pink pinky pink pink pink PlayStation 2
is in Australia as of March 15th.
And it's pink.
It's everything you lived with the PS2.
Dude, I want the Sakura PS2 because it's like sort of purple and shiny.
Anyway.
I swear to God I am sick and tired of hearing about Warhawk
and whether it's going to be on a fucking disc
or downloadable title.
Anyways, because of that, during Game Developers Conference,
because this is back when they said,
okay, downloadable only title, great.
Apparently some people are a little bit pissed off.
A few people left the actual development team
because they were frustrated like this
and basically saying crap product will sell like crap
if it's on the shelf or not.
So that's kind of my take on this thing.
The game looked okay, but you know what?
I couldn't give a shit about whether it's on a disc,
it's on the PlayStation Network or both.
Just release the damn game because I swear to God,
the longer it takes this game to come out,
the worse it seems to get.
So that is it.
I'm done with Warhawk.
I don't care about Warhawk.
I will never read another story about the game coming out on disc
or on the network or at all.
You know, why are we bothered putting together an outline
if you're just going to skip my stories?
Whatever.
No, it's fine.
Didn't we talk about it last week anyway?
Yeah.
PlayStation 3 is getting episodic games.
Who cares?
Because I remember us having a conversation about this last week.
Who has put together successfully an episodic franchise
except for Sam & Max as the only one I can think of
in the past little while that's been successful?
I don't care about episodic games.
You know why they're doing episodic games?
It's because they go,
Ch-ching, ch-ching, oh, I can make some more money off this shit.
Yeah.
Great, let's put some more episodic content out there
because the last stuff's done so well so far.
Flaming Bozo in chat room says,
Grand Theft Auto IV is going episodic.
It has added content, but it has a full game before it.
I guess you could say Oblivion, in a way, is episodic.
Sort of, yeah.
A little bit.
Well, it's the add-ons.
Shivering Isles is a bit of a new episode.
Resistance will have episodic content, which I can, whatever.
Well, some of the episodic content you look forward to
in each and every episode of Orange Lounge Radio
is our mailbag.
It's the part of the show where you can interact with us
simply by sending an email to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura will put some hand sanitizing rubber gloves on,
dive into the mailbag, and pull out her favorite emails
and her least favorite emails to read here on the air.
So you can't send average emails because they don't get read.
No.
We try to read as many as we can,
but since, you know, we're so popular and all.
Yeah, right.
No, but sometimes we just get too many.
We can't read them here on the program.
But Dark Sakura does read them all.
Sometimes.
I read most of them, too, actually.
So unless you're a spammer, then do not actually send this email
because we're banning IPs.
Let's open up the mailbag, shall we?
Well, we have three.
Dear O.L.R., I recently got a new gaming machine
and thought I'd send in a review.
A couple weeks ago, I bought myself a shiny Commodore 128.
I'd been wanting to play a 64 for some time,
largely due to the opinions expressed on your fine show,
but eventually the used market prices dropped on the 128 model
and I decided that it was worth a dollar to get a newer machine.
I'm sure glad I did.
What, Rob?
I love whoever wrote this already.
Finish it.
Just read the whole thing.
This is beautiful.
Though having lesser system specs,
the C128 still holds up well feature-wise
against other consoles on the market.
It offers backwards compatibility,
just like each of the major consoles on the market,
and even supports homebrew, just like modified PSPs do,
which so far only Microsoft seems to be interested in with their consoles.
The C128 offers more buttons than any current console,
and it is available in a stylish off-white color
similar to the DS Lite, Xbox 360, and Wii,
although somewhat less glossy.
Unfortunately, it still lacks some of the features of the other consoles.
The 128 does not currently support HD output,
but it is not believed that the Commodore will be addressing that problem
through firmware or otherwise.
The command mode basic interpreter is also a little bit more difficult to use
than, say, channels on the Wii,
where everything is laid out for you,
and you just point at what you want instead of typing
load, quote, asterisk, quote, comma, eight,
and cursing whenever you hit the wrong key
or the file list is longer than one screen.
I remember that for a freaking load runner.
Of course, a system is only as good as the games that are on it,
and while there are very few C128 games,
backwards compatibility means that I can enjoy any C64 game
I can get my hands on, of which there are many,
and if you know the discs haven't disintegrated over the last two decades,
which I understand is a problem,
I cannot seem to get Impossible Mission or The Last Ninja to work.
I even tried blowing into them, but no such luck.
Overall, however, I find the Commodore 128 to be a fine addition
to my game console lineup,
and I intend to have many more hours of fun with it.
By right sucks, Warrior Bob.
Seriously, Warrior Bob, I want to have your baby.
That was an awesome email.
Imagine, we could have a little house full of little VIC-20s
and plus fours and sixteens running around everywhere.
You know, that email was beautiful.
Oh, he also sends another email to you.
Oh, really?
You're a rock star.
Oh, we're so going to get it on with our Commodore.
We should do some Commodore Live gaming,
and we could play, God, what the hell could you play over the modem
on the Commodore 64 on my 300 baud modem
that plugged into the back of the Commodore 64?
What kind of games could I play?
I guess over the local bulletin board systems.
God, no, not even then.
I didn't really hit until I had an IBM.
Was there anything you could play over the modem on the Commodore 64?
Surely we had a modem for some reason.
I played a whole shitload of Kix.
Maybe there was.
Kix was my game.
We'll get together and play some Kix.
Well, the last email comes from...
Wait, you said three emails.
I know, the second one was also from Warrior Bob.
Oh.
This one's from Philly Girl.
Hi, Orange Lounge.
I think you are the best podcast ever.
You don't know how much I appreciate you guys,
but on to what I'm emailing you.
I've got a dirty joke for you.
What's six to eight inches long,
goes in and out of your mouth,
and leaves the white stuff around your lips?
A penis.
A toothbrush.
P.S., I've already signed up on your website
because you guys are so great.
My screen name is Vanity Angel from DDR.
Thanks for putting this on the show.
The email had nothing to do with video games.
Somebody just emailed us going,
hey, I want to tell you a dirty joke.
Pretty much.
God, I love our listeners.
In fact, that's even better.
What you need to do is call our Skype line
or our toll-free number.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
And leave us a voicemail with your favorite dirty joke.
That is a wonderful idea.
Let's have a little contest.
Let's see who can be the best OLR comedian.
Leave us a voicemail on our Skype line
or 800 number sometime during the week,
and we'll play some of our favorites on next week's show.
Just don't forget to leave your name.
There's a lot of good stuff.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Toll-free.
U.S. and Canada.
U.K. Sorry, you guys are screwed.
You're Australia.
You guys got to use the regular Skype method to do it.
Orange launch radio on Skype.
That's a beautiful idea.
If they're video game jokes, that's even better.
More points if it's video game themed.
Like dirty Princess Peach jokes.
That would be great.
This is also great, and it has nothing to do with porn
or emails or any of that.
Wow, there really wasn't that many emails this week.
That's kind of sad.
I cry.
Yeah.
Aww.
Mail back to orangelaunchradio.com.
Send us more stuff.
This is great.
Great, great news.
Vivendi is looking to actually revive Sierra.
Oh, this is great news because Vivendi,
you know, years ago, they bought out Sierra or whatever
and they offshoot Sierra online.
And now it looks like Vivendi is going to be reviving Sierra somewhat.
Sierra, of course, is well known in the PC gaming segment,
but the name is going to get ramped up in the next few years
with other games that were originally released on the Sierra brand.
World in Conflict and Time Shift will be names that are coming out very soon
that will have the Sierra brand.
Here's a quote here from Vivendi CEO Bruce Hack.
Quote, the revival of the Sierra brand comes from product.
Over time, as our products become better and establish themselves
as perennial franchises, the name Sierra will be given a stronger life.
As we move forward, our products get stronger,
and as they are established as franchises, the name Sierra will be strengthened.
No news yet, though, on a new Police Quest game, which kind of makes me sad.
Or Leisure Suit Larry.
Well, I guess, then again, Leisure Suit Larry went somewhere else, right?
He went to a dirty, dirty place.
Yeah, I remember that console title a couple years ago.
It wasn't that hot.
Or King's Quest.
I mean, I know there's a fan project, don't get me wrong,
the silver lining game, but who wouldn't?
I mean, even the guys behind that, I'm sure,
would love to see something official as well to complement that, though.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Anyways, in the meantime, if you can't get your King's Quest
or Leisure Suit Larry or Police Quest or Space Quest fix,
you can always get your Sam & Max fix.
And, of course, they've already, I think they're up through Episode 6 now
of the first season of the Sam & Max episodic game.
Well, if you don't want to download it via a download service,
you can play it when it comes to retail.
And it actually is being, it's heading to retail,
thanks to Joe Wood for the U.K.,
and I forget who's doing it in the U.S.,
but you soon will be able to purchase Sam & Max,
and it will be available in August of 2007.
Comments from the chat room on the last story.
Sorry to deviate a little bit, but some interesting things on Sierra.
James Patrick in chat says, please, Sierra is dead.
Sierra Studios, we're in the Sierra Mountains.
That studio is closed.
Therefore, Sierra, the real Sierra, is dead.
And the adventure company is the one bringing it over here to the United States.
I love Sam & Max, and I don't know why I haven't played it yet.
By the way, Sierra and Sam & Max have nothing to do with each other,
but the chat room is a little bit behind.
There's a little bit of live lag, so there you have it.
Sorry, I had a complete and utter brain fart.
Why? What happened? Were you daydreaming during the show?
Is that what's going on?
No, I did my Reiki class today, so I've been sort of out of it.
Maybe me and Captain America can run off and have a family together.
I'll pursue my massage therapy,
and he can have a successful business as a crime fighter.
What the fuck?
Okay, so how about a story?
I'd like to see that in a comic.
How about a story?
No, how about more Jamie and Captain America slash fanfic?
What?
We'll name our family the Avengers.
That's the custom license plate we'll have on our minivan.
Can I please see this posted on fanfic.net or whatever that site is?
No, because anyone who writes any fanfiction at all
involving any characterization of me will be sued for libel or something.
No sense of humor.
No, I have no sense of humor because it was stupid.
Then make a character named Sark Dakra.
No.
I can see it now.
They're barbecuing on a Weber grill that's painted to look like
the Captain America shield.
That was stupid.
How about the next?
Hey, you're the one that had a brain fart and derailed the show.
Shut up.
No pie for you.
I was going to get you pie.
Anyway, story.
For anyone who likes their MMOs,
Turbine is offering the former subscribers of the Dungeons & Dragons
online game a free weekend of gaming,
actually which is over right now.
But for those in Europe,
you're going to get an additional bonus for 10 days of free gaming.
So you can enjoy their module 3.3.
It's supposed to beef up their character stuff.
Also, for those who are currently subscribed,
you will get 50% more experience and a plus one to loot found
and lots of live events.
So basically they're saying,
we don't want to go out of business.
So there you go.
All righty.
Well, changing gears completely here, talking about some,
well, maybe, I don't know, maybe they'll show D&D online at this.
Who knows?
But of course, the E for All Expo is being held October 18th
through the 21st at the LA Convention Center,
which is where E3 used to be.
And of course, E for All is supposed to be kind of like that public version
of E3, but we're not sure exactly how much like E3 it's going to be
because part of us are kind of thinking,
well, they probably won't actually show any new games there.
They're just going to kind of show existing games and have tournaments.
Who knows what's going to happen?
But we do know that Sony and Nintendo have both signed on board.
So they are going to be appearing at the E for All Expo.
Now, the Expo is actually only going to be in the south hall.
Now, those of you that went to E3 in the past know that
Nintendo and Sony were traditionally in the west hall.
So therefore, we know that Sony and Nintendo's boost will be
a little bit smaller than what we know from E3 past.
But still, the fact that they are going really gives a boost,
I think, in some regards to the E for All Expo.
If you want to go, hey, it's only $100,
but the tickets are not currently on sale.
They will be made available in the future, I guess.
But certainly, Sony and Nintendo signing on
does really help out this new show.
So we'll see what happens.
Will they be using Kensha Hall?
That would be fun.
They'll probably have a gun show going on in Kensha Hall while this is going on.
Gun show?
No, seriously.
One time...
They should do Kensha Con.
No, for real.
Like, one year I went to the Rocky Horror 25th Anniversary Convention
in Las Vegas, which is at the Las Vegas Convention Center.
And we had the right side of the building for the costume contest,
the live speakers, because they had people from the movie there and everything.
And then the left side was a gun show.
So you had people in fishnets and full...
For those that have seen the movie, you know what I'm talking about.
Full Dr. Frank-N-Furter garb and little Columbias in sequined outfits.
People just basically dressed like fucking freaks,
intermingling with the gun show people.
And the most hilarious part was that the ATM was in the gun show room.
So if any Rocky people wanted money to buy their crap,
they had to actually go into the gun show and get pointed at
and stared at by the folks there.
So I would love to see the gun show go on at the same...
Or the doll show.
Because it's also inevitable that the gun show and the doll show is always together.
Have you noticed this?
There's always, like, a gun show and a doll show.
Or a bridal pair.
Yeah, the gun show, the doll show, and the bridal pair.
Anyway, sorry.
The Dolls with Guns show.
That'd be funny.
Anyways...
Poto says, Guns next to games?
Just what he who shall not be named once.
Anyways, so there's a brand new game coming out now
that's probably one of those serious games
that will help kids deal with the complex emotions
surrounding marriage, or divorce in this case.
The game is called Earthquake and Zipland
and it deals with a king and queen who are suddenly separated by
when this giant zipper that's held the two parts of the small island together
has come apart and then your main character tries and tries and tries to
fix the island and combine them to bring the king and queen back together.
But spoiler alert!
They don't.
And there's no way that he can.
So there you go.
No way you can fix a marriage.
You might as well throw yourself into the ocean and die.
Does the game tell you that, too?
That's really pleasant.
No, but that's where I took from it.
I could be wrong, but, you know.
Oh, okay.
But then again, I'm not a 12-year-old that's played this game.
I'm neither of those.
Dark Soccer, do you think we need a game to help kids understand divorce?
Um, no.
People just shouldn't get married.
They should have an expo.
Seriously, think about it.
If, like, there was, like, no marriage, you know, none at all,
and everybody, you know, was just like, you know, had, like, common law deal
or, you know, then there wouldn't be a problem.
Oh, well, Daddy decided that he and Mommy were going to break up,
so he just moved out.
No problem.
They should find out that the reason that the island split in two
is because the king was having sex with some other chick.
Daddy's moving in with Uncle Bob.
I personally, I basically, my parents were divorced, you know,
before I had any memory of them being married.
So I, from that point of view, I couldn't really say if a game would help with that
because I just always grew up understanding what divorce was.
Seriously, my parents have been together ever since, you know, I was born.
They were together for, like, you know, 15 years before I was born,
and they're still together today, and I need a game to help me understand
why they're still together after all these years.
What I don't get is why people who obviously hate each other's fucking guts,
oh, we're staying together for the kids.
Meanwhile, you're giving them a fucking complex because you hate each other.
Why does Mommy and Daddy fight?
Why do they hate each other?
You would all be happier if you'd just go ahead and get a divorce.
Well, I'm sure we'll be getting some e-mails on that one.
Mailbag.
I don't believe in staying together for the children.
I believe in giving the children a healthier environment to exist in.
All right.
Well, we'll see what kind of Pandora's Box that comment opens.
I grew up just fine with my divorced parents, okay?
All right.
We'll see what happens.
All right, anyway, we're going to see what happens with this, too.
It's our Website of the Week.
DarkSakura likes to surf the Internet every which way she possibly can every week,
and she finds a website suitable to share with the rest of you,
or in this week's case it may be a little bit unsuitable.
We shall see.
It's DarkSakura's website, what?
I heard about this site from you a long time ago.
Don't say that because it's not in the proper context here.
You're not giving it the proper context.
You heard about it from me on a radio program a couple years ago.
La, la, la, la, la.
Just play me my damn music.
I'm going to go run and hide.
The Website of the Week, again, is one that Rob mentioned a long time ago.
Mantis.net.
Sorry.
Mantis are panties made for men, and they're frilly and lacy,
and you can get them high cut.
You can get briefs, and you can get nylon or lace,
and they have all kinds of designs, and they have seven day ones,
and they're really pretty,
and plus they're made spacious in the front for special needs of men.
So, guys, if you want to be pretty,
if you feel like being a little dressier than usual,
you should go to mantis.net.
Chat room, the answer to your question is no.
That would be no.
That's so wrong.
I feel dirty.
But you can still feel dirty yet pretty underneath, and no one knows but you.
It's a great idea.
I'm looking at the embroidered ones, and they have hearts on them or balloons.
Hey, PowerShot Pinball Constructor is coming out for the Nintendo DS.
Oxygen Games just announced this coming out very soon,
because Metroid Prime Pinball did pretty well, so here we go.
PowerShot Pinball Constructor.
So I guess it sounds like you can make your own table in this game,
which sounds kind of cool.
Yeah, it has a table editor in it,
and of course that makes me think of pinball construction set on the Commodore 64.
Pinball is fucking awesome.
So now you can make your own table.
So that means if I wanted to make a table of nothing but like 50 bumpers,
I could do that.
Do you remember the hyperball machine, though?
All it was was nothing but multiball.
Oh, I don't remember that.
It would just shoot out a bunch of balls,
and you'd have to shoot them back down on the thing.
If I wanted to build pinball machines,
I would get Dan to buy one and fix it for me.
All right, well, now you can do it on the palm of your hand on the DS.
There you go.
Anyways, so Zelda co-creator Eiji Aonuma,
confirmed in an interview with Game Informer
that Phantom Hourglass for the DS will feature an online multiplayer mode,
and they didn't really see what it's going to feature,
but he did answer yes when they asked
if there was going to be online battles over the Nintendo Wi-Fi service.
So that's interesting, I guess.
Maybe I'm thinking it's going to be something like Four Swords, maybe.
That would be kind of neat.
I don't know.
That would be pretty cool.
Four Swords was actually a really, really cool game.
Four Swords was a much fun game on the GameCube.
That game was awesome.
When you could find people that had the advances and the cords
to play the damn game with, it was a fun game.
I thought I heard...
Now, I can't remember...
Correct me if I'm wrong,
because I never played Four Swords Adventure or something like that.
Did it have an online mode or something where someone...
There's a couple tri-forces on the map or something like that.
I think we talked about this maybe last week,
where you basically drew a path that this warrior thing follows or something.
That's the multiplayer in the Zelda Phantom Hourglass.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I think that was Bobby telling us about him playing it at GDC.
That's right.
That's what he was saying.
That's what we were hanging out with him last week.
Yeah.
Anyways, so as Bobby was telling us from GDC,
it's basically there's a couple tri-forces on the map,
and you can't, I think, see the player if they have a tri-force
or don't have a tri-force, something like that.
Basically, one player controls the three guards,
and you draw a path that they follow and stuff like that.
It sounds interesting.
It's kind of like that Pac-Man multiplayer game that was on the GameCube.
Pac-Man Versus, which they so need on the Wii and online.
Or on Xbox Live then, because if Nintendo's not going to do it,
then fucking put Pac-Man Versus on Xbox Live.
That's what we should have gotten instead of old-school Pac-Man,
but that's just my opinion.
Yeah.
What do I know?
I don't know, Rob.
What do you know?
How about some stuff?
I know stuff.
There is a little bit of information, though.
I know I'm not visiting your website of the week this week.
Rob.
Yeah?
So there is an unholy union between In the Groove and Pump It Up.
It's like they got together after taking a lot of LSD and bread.
So now there's a Pump It Up Pro.
Yeah.
I'm not going to say anything else about that.
God, where do I begin?
A, those of you that were saying that In the Groove was going to somehow be absorbed into Konami
and Dance Dance Revolution.
No.
Was going to have In the Groove songs.
No.
And here's further proof that that ain't happening,
because it's been absorbed into Pump It Up, it looks like.
It's pretty much all the songs that were done by Kyle Ward are now on Pump It Up.
That's about it.
So in other words, Andy Mero threw a bunch of money at Kyle Ward, and that's it?
Because Andy Mero, but Andy Mero and Roxor had, I guess, a working relationship, right?
Because those In the Groove 2 cabinets, of which I've still never seen one in my entire life,
were made, well wait, I take that back.
There might have been one at that 8 on the Break place in Jersey when I went there a long time ago.
I can't remember.
But regardless, Andy Mero made those cabinets for him, right?
Yeah, I think so.
So they already had a little bit of a working relationship.
So this actually doesn't surprise me so much.
Yeah, you're going to see songs like, for example, Oasis, as well as,
there's a bunch of other stuff I recognized on there when I was watching the videos of them.
Exotica, Esperanza, let's see here, Destiny.
It was a bunch of songs, I think, from In the Groove that were in there.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I like some of Kyle Ward's songs.
I really like the stuff he does under, what is it, Bonsai is the name?
The Zodiac and Anubis and all those songs.
But still, I don't know, it's just weird.
And I know, like, Miggletove wanted to come on the show tonight, but he had to leave.
I know he's a hardcore Pump It Up fan.
He ain't happy about this.
Zodiac?
Is the In the Groove thing crossing over to Pump It Up?
I don't think it's really crossing over.
I think it's more of just they have him now as an artist, and that's it.
So he's taking his songs with them.
I mean, the guy's got to work, so whatever.
That doesn't necessarily mean he's just, you know, it's In the Groove now.
They did, I like what they've done with the interface.
The interface is not retarded as it usually is on Pump.
So that's kind of nice.
But other than that, I don't really think it's In the Groove.
It's just that it's got, you know, Kyle Ward doing music for him.
Great.
Well, I think what's great about this is it just proves us right,
that those songs were not going to be ever showing up in DDR.
Yeah.
In the Groove, DDR, right.
Alrighty.
Let's see, if you would like to call us, we're going to open up the Skype line here very shortly,
because we encourage your interaction here on this program as well.
Our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, and our 800 number,
if you want to call us that way, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
It looks like we have some In on the Break fans or folks that live near there.
Blaze says, 8 on the Break for the win.
DDR Dollar Bill says, yeah, 8 on the Break.
Rama says, Sky, that was a beta In the Groove 2.
Chinatown Fair has In the Groove 2 and a Pump It Up box.
So yeah, I went to 8 on the, I've been to 8 on the Break.
I want to say I've been there a couple times, actually.
I think I went out there once randomly when I was on the East Coast.
I went there again for some DDR tournament.
And I played some game that was some beat game I'd never seen in my life.
I don't remember, sorry.
Let's see, Shadow Charlie wants to know what happened.
Speaking of Zodiac, what happened to the Zodiac remix that Loki made
that was during the bonus segment of last week's show?
Check his community page on all games.
It's there.
And apparently 8 on the Break has 2 In the Groove 2 machines now.
There you have it.
All right, let's go ahead and head on over to the Skype line
and start taking some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Ravenstaufen. Let me turn down the thing.
All right, hi, Ravenstaufen. What's on your mind?
I got a podcast now.
You have a podcast now?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, God, everybody and their fucking mom has a podcast now.
Why should we listen to yours?
Because it's a tech podcast, Sky.
Something different.
It's a tech podcast.
This Week in Ravenstaufen?
Sort of.
What's it called?
It's called RavenstechReview.
All right, and where can we access RavenstechReview?
On the All Games forums.
And it's being submitted to iTunes soon.
Hope it's going to be up there.
All right, we'll see.
Hopefully coming soon to the iTunes store.
Well, Raven, talk games with us because we don't...
Well, I mean, we do talk tech, but we talk video games.
What did you think of some of our stories tonight?
I think they're interesting, but you're missing one more.
And I viewed it on my site.
I'm sorry.
It's the Commodore computer coming back.
I didn't...
Because I think we hit...
We talked about it last week.
Yeah, we talked about it last week.
That's why.
Oh, yeah, you did?
Yeah, we did.
Yeah, that's all right.
What do you think?
As a tech-inclined individual, what do you think of Commodore making a comeback in the,
I don't know, competing with Alienware or something market?
I think it's interesting.
I don't know if it's going to be an operating system.
You remember the Commodore had a different operating system than the DOS.
Right.
So I don't know what they're going to do.
I don't know if it's going to be Commodore just placed in there with a Windows operating system,
or they're going to go with something different.
But it's interesting.
Something tells me, since Commodore BASIC is very antiquated,
I think you're going to just get a normal Windows PC in there.
I was just interesting about that.
And I'll tell you, I'm not going to miss syntax error one bit or load quote star quote comma eight comma one.
I ain't going to miss that shit.
I don't miss it at all, but two more things.
The fuck did comma eight comma one mean anyway?
I have no idea.
Two more things.
It was just their command line.
I think it was like the device number or something.
Well, why was the disk drive eight?
It was always eight.
I think like once in a blue moon you might have seven.
But anyway, sorry.
This would be This Week in Raven from 1984.
You have to listen to it.
What else is on your mind, Raven?
Two more things on my mind.
Vampire for the Commodore 64.
You ever played Vampire?
I'm familiar with the title, but I can't remember the game play.
Fun game.
It's on game tab.
I was going to say, I think it's on game tab.
I think that's where I've seen it.
I have not played it.
What do you do in Vampire?
And don't say you're a vampire.
I am not a vampire.
No, I meant in the game.
This one goes to Dark Soccer.
What?
Flintstones Pinball.
You ever heard of it?
I think so.
I don't think I was very interested in it.
Was it based off the movie?
Yeah, it was.
I played that table once, and because it was the movie,
it felt like I felt unclean after playing it.
And I had to go change out of my manties.
Alright.
Bye Raven's Dolphin.
Take care.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or you can always call us on the Skype line, Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, let's go to the phones and take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
I'll give you three guesses, and the first letters are J, A, and S.
Oh, it's Jazz.
God, you haven't been on the show in a long time.
No.
Hi, Jason.
What's on your mind?
You have to fail at spelling, Rob.
Jeez.
Mr. VX JasonXV himself, our webmaster extraordinaire.
Extraordinaire.
Hey, VX, our website held up amongst being on the front page
of Dig and Joystiq and Kotaku and all that stuff,
Destructoid and all that this week.
So, good job.
Really good to know.
I've kept looking, and I've kept checking.
I saw when you guys rumen always upsell.
Crazy shit.
Well, what do we owe this phone call to tonight?
I would love a new Space Quest game.
Who wouldn't?
I would absolutely love it.
But do you think it's actually going to happen?
I don't know.
Haven't kept up.
I just heard it, and I thought it was cool.
How many games are in the Space Quest franchise?
I can't remember.
Six.
Wow.
So there were that many games in the Space Quest series?
I always thought there was only the three or four that were in it.
Wow.
There was.
The first four were all the keyboard navigational.
The fifth actually introduced the mouse,
and then the sixth actually introduced the announcer
and even more interactivity.
Five was awesome.
That's the first one I played.
I got the anthology and played the old ones,
and then I played six, and I was blown away
because it was a big difference, and it was so good.
For the kids today who may have never played Space Quest in the past,
what makes this game so frickin' great?
Humor.
You have to read, but it's all in the humor,
and it's a great puzzle game.
All right.
Let's see.
We out?
I was just saying that's the best part about it.
It is a funny game.
It is very witty.
It's great to read.
It is a game that puts you through a book adventure,
and I loved it.
All right.
Well, I hope Vivendi, Sierra, whoever hears your calls,
and maybe will come out with something new,
but don't hold your breath.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
I believe so.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
I beat Turtles Arcade at five o'clock in the morning.
Good job.
Were you by yourself, or did you have a bunch of other people?
I was by myself.
Oh, but you get unlimited continues by yourself.
How many continues did you have to use?
Oh, I don't even know.
Call me back and brag when it's three or less, buddy.
All right.
Just teasing.
Congratulations.
It's fine.
You know, actually, there's a YouTube I saw somewhere
of a guy running through the entire game on one credit.
It was amazing.
I don't know how anyone does it.
A lot of people claim about, you know, single credit arcade runs,
and I know I don't have any game I could say I've done such a thing with.
Me neither.
All right.
All right, Jason.
Well, thanks for all you do for us,
and we're going to let you go so we can take some more calls, all righty?
Sweet.
Later.
Have a good night.
You too.
All right.
If you want to call us 1-877-GAME-OLR, remember it's your show, too.
We want to hear what you guys have to say.
So let's go to another call here on the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Darkshi.
Hi, Darkshi?
Yeah.
Ah, Darkshi.
What's on your mind, my friend?
First I want to say it's kind of amazing.
It's the first time on the air.
I was going to say I don't recognize your name as calling in before.
I know your name from chat, but you've never called in before,
so welcome, noob.
What's on your mind?
Well, first off, I just saw 300 today, and I heard of a game coming out.
And my friend's all, so I saw, like, oh, it should be on PS3.
It's so amazing it deserves to be on PS3.
And I've never heard of it.
Like, what?
It does sound a little bit like a fanboy's wet dream such as Kill Bill the game.
If there's any game that's slated to come out, Loki would know about it.
300?
Are they really making a game out of 300?
Yeah, they did a PSP game, and it wasn't very good.
Oh, so there is a PSP game, huh?
Yeah.
What do you do in the PSP game?
You just hack and slash type stuff.
Put your ears through people's faces and all that fun stuff?
I guess.
It didn't give very good reviews, and it came out a couple weeks ago, last week in February.
So, but you say your friend said it should come out on PS3.
Yeah, he said, like, oh, it's such a great game, and he's a PS3 fanboy.
He wants every single game.
Did he not get his PSP and his PS3 confused, maybe?
Because we don't know of its existence on PlayStation 3.
I told him, like, he said it deserves to be on PS3.
He's saying, like, oh, it's so amazing.
At the same time, the PS3 wasn't all that great.
Well, you know, I think the movie's been doing very well.
It was at the top of the box office again the second week in a row.
I think it's inevitable you're going to see a sequel to 300 at some point.
Well, can you do a sequel to 300?
I guess not, because it's based on history, huh?
It's based on a comic series.
Oh, is it? Well, then there might, I guess, who knows?
I haven't seen it. I'm not on the 300 fan wagon.
I don't know if it's just one novel thing or something.
Well, we'll see. So maybe, if possible, they'll have a sequel later on.
Otherwise, you'll see something like it.
And who knows? Again, if it's tied into comics and they do more comics,
it could be possible you get another game or two out of this a little later on down the line,
especially with the movie being as popular as it is.
Yeah, yeah. And I have one more thing.
Sure. What's up?
All right. I remember so, so many years ago about hearing about Phantom Hourglass,
and it just came out now, or coming out now,
and I'm like, is this like a tradition for the Zelda games or something?
Yes.
Pretty much, sadly. Yeah.
Phantom Hourglass, they debuted at what?
Didn't they first show that off at E305, I almost want to say?
Maybe it was E306.
It was either E306 or it was either that or Tokyo Game Show or something like that.
Yeah, it has been a long time.
Yeah, it's pretty much tradition for the Zelda series at this point.
Oh, except the CDI ones came out pretty quickly.
Just kidding. All right.
Well, are you looking forward to Phantom Hourglass?
Yeah, I'm a big fan of Zelda.
I don't own every game.
What do you think about the multiplayer mode we were talking about?
Do you think it's going to be fun on the Internet?
I'm hoping so, because I can't really think of Zelda online,
so maybe they'll surprise me.
It's hard to think about Nintendo online these days,
but yeah, Zelda's definitely a step in the right direction, so we'll see.
Yeah.
All right. Well, Darkside, thank you so much for the call,
and call again sometime, all right?
All right.
Later.
Have fun with Phantom Hourglass and all those hours you're going to be putting into that.
All right, I think that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry to those folks that did not get through.
We apologize, but everybody's trying to hammer the line there, so it happens.
Let's see, going to the chat room, trying to read the comments there
to some of those previous calls we took.
SSJ100Matt says, I hear the 300 game is awful.
GS68 says, bring on the max 300 jokes.
Let's see, SSJ100Matt says you could have 302 electric boogaloo.
All right, there you have it.
We'll take more calls next week.
Of course, again, Loki's challenge to leave us a dirty joke on the Skype line,
that's open, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
You can do that all week long.
I'm going to go around and see if there's any last-minute stories
anybody would like to share tonight, last-minute stories.
I've been trying to find the information on it, but I can't actually find it.
There's actually a new pinball table coming out later this year
that's a Monty Python theme, and we're actually going to get it.
Like a Spamalot table?
I don't know if it's Spamalot, because there's already a Holy Grail table.
I thought that they were either going to do Meaning of Life or Life of Brian.
I think it's Meaning of Life.
I think that's pretty cool.
Always look on the bright side.
That was Life of Brian.
Yeah, I know, but you know.
Meaning of Life had the...
It's just a way for thin mint.
Wasn't Meaning of Life the one that was in the office building in the beginning?
That was actually a different...
It was supposed to be a lot shorter,
but unfortunately they let Terry Gilliam have his way,
and it was the...
What was it? The Crimson something assurance?
I remember that scene going on forever.
All forever a scene went on.
I love that scene.
Anyhow.
Isn't it great to charter an accountant?
That one.
The Rob D. says about the Monty Python table,
every time you hit a bumper, I fart in your general direction.
Every time you hit a bumper.
That's cute.
And now for something completely different.
Monty Python pinball table.
That's a good name for a table.
Loki, anything from you?
Just a couple small things.
One, Splatterhouse is supposed to be...
is confirmed apparently for Virtual Console this Monday.
So we're going to be seeing that.
I'm going to tell you right now,
Splatterhouse is one of those games
you're going to think back to your childhood and go,
this game was awesome,
but when you all downloaded on Monday,
the game was not that good.
It really wasn't.
I remember how bad it was.
But it's still funny though.
If you want that Friday the 13th vibe to it.
There you go.
Let's see what else here.
Oh, apparently it started now on the PlayStation 3
on one of the previous firmwares.
Up until 1.51, they're seeing holes
and they've exploited a TIFF exploit,
basically causing a buffer overflow like they did on the PSP
to run their own code.
So it's only a matter of time before they break the PlayStation 3
and have piracy rampant on there as well as homebrew and stuff.
So I'm waiting.
That's it.
All right.
And I don't have anything either.
So I guess we're here to the end of the show.
So that's it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
I'll start.
Loki, Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is...
I think I have some good games on Virtual Console.
I haven't bought anything lately.
My final thought is Moonkin Forum is only 15,000 experience away.
Woot.
And I'm a wow addict.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
We're finishing pretty fucking early.
Yeah, this is the short show tonight.
It's kind of weird for us, but that's okay.
It's been a compact and good show, a lot of information.
We talked about it a lot in part A and part B.
We'll do it all again next week.
In the meantime, thank you guys so much for tuning into
and supporting independent internet radio.
You guys are awesome, and it's because of you,
we continue to do this show every week in and week out.
So we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio,
March the 25th for episode number 225.
Is that like a landmark number?
Because it's like a multiple of 25.
I don't know.
Not so much.
All right.
250 maybe.
250 maybe.
Or our five-year birthday is just around the corner.
I say we get a stripper for the fifth birthday.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, in the meantime, that's it for this week.
We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
Tune in next week to find out which website calls us a liar next.
That'll be fun.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
