Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, March 11, 2007 to be exact.
You might be thinking to yourself, if you're listening to this on your iPod or your Zune or whatever it is, your Zen that you have right now,
you might be thinking, or your PSP, you might be thinking, wait a minute, it's way past March 11, what are you talking about?
Well, we record live on Sunday nights and then split up our show into two segments,
because we talk a lot here at Orange Lounge Radio and a lot about games, of course.
And we split it up into two segments and offer it on the podcast stream on Mondays and Wednesdays for you to listen to throughout the week.
And if you guys are ready, Dark Soccer and Loki, my lovely co-host in crime, we'll get back to the gaming news.
Okay.
And we'll start it off with, that was a nice hearty okay there.
Okay.
We'll start it off with the Nintendo keynote from Gay Developers Conference,
because we talked a lot in part eight about the Sony keynote and how Sony's winning a lot of people back over thanks to their announcements about home.
Well, what about Nintendo?
Well, Nintendo basically made only two unveilings in their conference at GDC,
and that was a new Mario Galaxy trailer and the fact that it would be out this year,
and a type of, I don't know what you'd want to call it, Mii Idol or something like that,
basically a do you like this Mii, it's like a Mii popularity channel has been announced for the Nintendo Wii.
Not a lot of announcements outside of that, but then again, a lot of people are saying,
ah Nintendo you guys suck, Sony made all these announcements and Nintendo you didn't do crap.
Well, keep in mind folks, it was Game Developers Conference.
What did Miyamoto talk about?
He talked about the WIFO meter, he talked about how Mario 128 kind of evolved into the game Peekman,
he talked about game development types of things.
On that end, Nintendo really didn't disappoint I don't think.
But, you know, if you were there looking for the E3 Bang and Fireworks press conference,
I guess you were going to be a little disappointed.
But of course we remember that story last week that said, hey Nintendo's got some stock things going on,
they're not going to be able to make any big announcements to GDC whether they want to or not.
So there you have it.
So unfortunately the only little trinkets you got there from Nintendo were those two things.
But curious, what do you guys think about that?
Do either of you guys watch the new Galaxy trailer? What did you think of it?
That was okay, it just looked like Galaxy though.
I mean it wasn't anything different that I've seen.
The graphics were pretty rad.
I got to say I'm more excited about Super Paper Mario though after seeing some more footage of that than I am the Mario Galaxy.
Because it looks like you can flip 2D to 3D at the touch of a button.
Like if you're playing the 2D thing and you see a wheel thing.
There was one video I saw a wheel, a spiked wheel was coming at you.
You hit a button to go to 3D and then you can run around the wheel.
And then you go back to the 2D mode. It's so crazy.
I liked it. It was very cool.
So that was something I'm looking forward to way more than any of the other stuff that was talked about unfortunately.
Smash Brothers!
I'll give Mario Galaxy a try of course.
I want my Smash Brothers.
We'll see.
Again, if you want to give your comments in chat, it's chat.orangeloungelounge.
That's the second I've ever done this show.
chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
I'm out of it tonight. Something's wrong.
There's something in the water I'm drinking tonight.
chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
actdef says Super Paper Mario for the win.
BlackWolf was at Game Developers Conference and played Super Paper Mario.
He says Super Paper Mario equals fun.
The A button goes to 3D.
Joshi says Super Paper Mario is when I get a Wii.
So it looks like a lot of folks are very excited.
ssj100matt says yay more channels but how about Galaxy, Smash, and Metroid?
There's your comments from chat.
This week we saw some pretty good stuff coming to the Virtual Console,
including Super Ghouls and Ghosts.
That was, of course, very fucking hard as usual.
And of course, Sword of Vermillion.
And Elevator Action for the role that was on the NES.
And this week though, what are we going to be getting?
Well, from what I've been hearing, I think Sonic Spinball was among those.
I know it was on the Japan launch there, at least what they're getting this week.
And if I remember correctly, they also were getting Excite Bike
and Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
Sweet! Oh my god, I love Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
Serious? No, I'm like being serious.
I totally love that game on Super Nintendo.
And Turbografx-16 Fire Pro Wrestling combination tag.
But I know Spinball was confirmed coming out this week on the Virtual Console for Japan.
I can't remember about the US though.
Wasn't Tecmo Bowl discovered somehow, whether it be the ESRB thing or looking at the website thing?
I think it was on the website, yeah.
That's still not officially out, so maybe that is on its way.
I think they saw Spinball there too, if I remember correctly.
Interesting.
I can't remember.
But you know, you're going to expect some about three games tomorrow.
Or Monday.
Anything on Virtual Console that you were dying for still not out?
I mean, I got Kid Icarus, so I kind of got my wish.
I have R-Type.
I know, but anything not out that you still want.
I mean, obviously Guardian Legend, but realistically, something from either Nintendo itself or one of their very close third-party developers.
Snow Brothers.
Snow Brothers. That's an interesting choice.
I remember that game, actually.
I would like to see, and I know Jamie hates this one, but I really like Strider on the NES.
I didn't say I hated it.
Actually, the game was based off of the Strider manga.
Oh, okay.
But you told me once you hated it because the arcade one is so much better.
I didn't say I hated it.
I just said the arcade one is so much better.
Wouldn't it be neat, though, one week to get Strider on NES and Strider on Genesis?
That would be kind of cool, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Mega Man would be my other wish.
Yeah, they need some Mega Man games on there would be pretty cool.
Actually, Capcom just needs some more stuff on there.
I would think it would be pretty cool.
You know, I was a fan of this game, at least.
Uniracers.
I don't know.
No one really played that game from Nintendo.
We've got a minute chat room here.
Of course, you know, you bring up Virtual Console.
Everyone makes their list of demands.
James Patrick says, Secret of Mana and Evermore.
Morrie says, Earthbound, please.
Ryoma says, Ice Climbers.
Actually, Ice Climbers is already up.
Go check it out.
Unless he was referring to something else, but I think that's the list.
Salamander.
A life force in this country, but that would be cool.
ActDef says, Kirby Superstar.
There you go.
Mel B on our staff says, Tecmo Bowl, but will it be licensed?
Not likely.
Just leave it in there with the old, like, 88 lineup or whatever that game had in it.
That would be funny.
Wouldn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Then you could still play the 40.
You could play as the 49ers and actually be good because it's 1988.
That was a sports joke.
I don't make those very often.
It was a sports joke for you guys out there.
Well, for those who are disgusted with Rob's, you know, sports jokes, no, not really.
This has absolutely nothing to do with sports.
We have Chocobo Tales coming out in May in the UK.
That is, it's coming out April 3rd here in the U.S.
But you play as a Chocobo and you have to, you know, stop the bad guy from, you know,
I guess being all evil even though he's all evil.
So, you go around and you do mini games and you build up a deck in card battles and save
the universe on your DS through the Wi-Fi.
So, it's saying that it's going to be, like I said, released in May in the UK and April
3rd in the U.S. but it's already out in Japan.
I'd really like to know if anyone's already played it because I'm sort of thinking about
it.
All right.
In an unannounced feature, it will actually enhance your DS to smell like Chocobo, actually.
Kentucky Ferraga Chocobo.
No, but remember in, like, one of the Final Fantasy, I think it was Final Fantasy II U.S.
for Japan, you would have to use the big carrot when it came up on the screen that said, it
smells like Chocobo and you kind of always wondered, what the hell does a Chocobo smell
like?
Does it smell like farts or roses or what?
Smells like chicken shit.
Kentucky Fried Chicken?
What?
Smells like Kentucky Ferraga Chocobo.
Sorry.
Well, okay, maybe I'm full of shit on that DS feature but this is something I'm not kidding
you about.
The Opera DS browser is coming to North America on June 4th.
Unfortunately, you can't use Flash, you can't use video, you can't use sound, and you can't
use PDF.
But you can use the stylus and what's kind of cool is that you can have some handwriting
recognition there.
The browser will be retailing for about $32 in Japan, $52 in Europe, no price announced
here yet but I guess based off those prices you could speculate $34 or $39.99, right?
That would be a fair statement.
I guess something to compete with the PSP a little bit although this is not included
with the DS.
It's kind of something extra.
But if you've ever wanted to surf the internet while on the go on your DS, there you have
it.
I would not buy that.
I'm not feeling this.
I'm really not.
You know what would have been cool is if I had the internet channel on my Wii then I
could beam it over to my DS.
Where's that?
Whatever happened to that functionality?
Wasn't that something they said you could do at one point?
Is that the DS would interface with the Wii?
Well, they're going to have that with some future games but they may add that later.
I have a feeling that's something up their sleeve.
DS demos on your Wii a little later on.
Why not?
I don't know.
But one thing I was going to say is I think that they've done this probably better at
home brew.
I mean, really the only problem and the reason why they don't have a lot of the flash support
and stuff is because there's not enough RAM in the system and there's no storage.
It's just pretty much the cart itself which doesn't hold that much.
You would probably need to have some sort of Game Boy Advance thing plugged in the bottom.
In fact, I think that's what they did in Japan.
A couple different versions of that.
Joshie16 wants to know is there going to be an OLR DS page since we have the PSP page
and a Wii one in the works.
Probably not.
I can't imagine that either.
I don't think that many people are going to be using that.
Maybe like five people would use it if even that.
Do we even have five listeners of Orange Launch Radio?
I don't think we do actually so I don't think there'd be a lot of points to do that.
Five listeners of Orange Launch Radio?
Yeah.
I think we have more than that.
Maybe a handful.
I don't know.
The first episode we only had five listeners but my how we've grown since then.
Thank you guys so much for supporting us over the years.
Our fifth anniversary is coming up in just two months.
Two months at the station but I think we're actually going to celebrate it with the first
live show which was June 23, 2002.
Last week we talked about how the Wii didn't have Wii support for third parties.
This week SNK's president says that they're not letting third parties have online capabilities
either.
Which is funny because Sega's got a Pachinko game coming out that does have online and
does have Wii support so I basically ask are they just not letting SNK have online support
or Wii support because to be honest I mean and I'm sure everyone can agree with me there
haven't really been any new SNK games coming out other than these collections or ports
of older games so I don't know maybe you should make something new for a change and from what
I hear I guess their next game is an art of fighting you know collection.
I can remember that got brought up on last week's show yeah.
Yay.
All right.
I can't wait for that.
I'm sure it's going to be uber awesome.
Totally retro hurrah.
Make something new.
All right well let's go on to another topic shall we?
Well this is something that we've been of course talking about since the announcement
of having our E3 taken from us but there is going to be E3 this year if you were invited
it's July 11th through 13th to quote the invite it says the opportunity to engage in one on
one meetings with leading game company executives in an intimate setting as well as network
socialized and test pilot major company offerings.
Well I got invited.
Congratulations.
So if it works out for me I'm going to go but I'm actually I sort of do see more now
of the logic in them changing it to a more of a meeting based I think we're still going
to have the demos and such it's just not going to be the big over the top production that
you know E3 was in the past.
And not really many people have figured out why you know people are getting invited.
I was actually looking just earlier today Joystiq ran an interesting story on the whole
thing and apparently they're saying they said here in the story this week that some journalists
received their invites but many did not and interesting enough Jamie did get an invite
but and so did someone else on our staff who works behind the scenes.
But Loki and I have not.
So where's the love you guys?
I know there's some developers out there listen to us sniff sniff cry cry send us an email
we want to go we'll interview you have you on the show we'll play beat the host with
you we'll bring our rig.
No but I do hope you know I had a lot of fun at the E3 shows and not just you know the
over the top stuff but actually just getting to play the games and reporting on it so I
hope from that perspective we get to go.
But if not then we'll just rely on Jamie she'll be a one woman show.
No offense you know I'm from the room where we kind of speculated yesterday or how people
got invited.
It's basically if you've had meetings with people you probably got invited type thing.
I don't know it's just like a lot of times like we didn't go to I mean we went to meetings
for some things but I got a lot of accomplishments booth tours and stuff like that and actually
meeting people face to face instead of just you know actually having meetings and stuff.
Rob went to meetings with me.
Yeah it's at this point it's really all speculation we just don't know how they're picking it.
It might also have to do with how you registered.
Who knows?
I pre-registered.
Yeah so that was my request.
Some of the meetings that I went to were ones that required you to scan your card.
I don't know we'll see we can speculate till we're blue in the face but E3 is still a few
months away we shall see what happens.
We'll let you know the minute we hear if we're going or not we'll let you know.
Well shifting gears completely here going from E3 to talk about politics a little bit.
Game politics ran a story earlier this week about the video games made me do it defense.
Well apparently what happened is that this 19 year old Patrick Morris actually shot his
15 year old boy with a shotgun and used the good old excuse the video games made me do
it and his mom even you know tried to go in there and say he would just go into his room
and play those video games.
Well the prosecution brought out Dr. Michael Knapp from Ashland Oregon and he said it was
ridiculous to blame video games.
Moreover he said while you usually can't predict violent behavior other risk factors in Morris'
life such as his drug use and emotional disorders were much stronger factors.
So after 30 minutes of deliberations he she sentenced the judge sentenced Morris to life
in prison.
The video games made me do it defense carried no weight.
Because well it should have not had any weight because that's a stupid defense.
Because it's the hip hop music that did it.
No one made you press the power button asshole.
It was a hip hop music game that made me do it.
It's all Def Jam icons.
Def Jam icon absolutely.
But anyways.
Actually if anything makes me want to go out and get a shotgun and shoot people it would
probably be Sonic on the Playstation 3.
I don't know about you.
Please don't take me literally.
I hope you guys know I'm joking.
Well sometimes we talk about you know harming the certain beta testers of online functions
in say portable Grand Theft Auto games.
Because you fucking sucked at it.
But anyways.
One thing though that's going to make people you know especially Sega make some more games
is this online poll that they have where they're trying to figure out the interests of older
franchises what people want remakes of and so far Nite seems to be winning out.
Which is pretty awesome.
That was the funniest thing I think I've ever seen.
I looked up and randomly Nelly was poking Loki in the head.
Yes.
Anyway that was really good radio.
So Nite would you like to see Nite's come back?
Oh hell yeah.
Nite's would be awesome.
And you know I think it would be really good though to move on to something else that doesn't
have to do with video game news.
Really what would that be?
That would be the mailbag.
Ah but don't our emailers sometimes email us with video game related things?
I would hope so.
Sometimes but I ignore it.
Alright well let's open up the old mailbag and see what's in store.
If you want to email us mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Um today's first email actually comes from Grin without a cat.
Hi um hey guys I've dug up some sales figures for PS2 hardware after listening to you trying
to figure out why Sony hates Europe.
I don't think it's sales figures at the moment there's been 25 million PS2 sold in Japan
47 million in North America and 45 million sold in Europe.
The slimline model is actually sold better in Europe than anywhere else with 18 million
against North America 16 million and Japan 6 million.
Europe also seems to be the one who takes some interest in their casual and innovative
games such as Itoy, Singstar and Buzz.
A quiz game with buzzer peripherals.
They've all been big big sellers and done really well with non gamers.
And it's not like Europe is short of PS3 game developers either.
Titles coming out of Europe include Burnout Wipeout, Grand Theft Auto, Heavenly Sword
Killzone Motorstorm, Little Big Planet, Singstar and The Darkness.
It's kind of ironic in a way.
Before Sony came along it was Nintendo that screwed Europe with games being released here
years later and price is way higher than we pay now.
Some games didn't even show up at all but first two generations and it was actually
seen as something of a savior to the European market of the now it appears Microsoft has
taken that role as Nintendo is still screwing us on game releases so after all that we still
don't know why Sony hates Europe love you grin without a cat.
I don't know it seems like every week we're getting some type of email from a European
listener and understandably so don't get me wrong but a European listener who is a little
bit upset because they're constantly getting screwed by the game companies so unfortunately
I don't have an easy answer for you on that one but thank you for the insight we do appreciate
that.
I thought that I was actually very well thought out email so thank you for sending it.
Next one comes up is from Bear Who Drive Car please make Sky stop attempting accents especially
British that is all well I don't know what you're talking about Rob that your accent
really is.
Carry on.
Would you like to go out and have some tea?
It's really awful Bear Who Drive Car would you like to go out and have some tea a spot
of tea or are you going to continue to be a tit?
Next up comes from Sy this is dear olr hi grin anyhow on my world warcraft server cough
Duran cough I guess there's a guild called less qq more pew pew just thought it was funny
love this show you guys rock stuff like that.
The olr guild is on Ravencrest by the way if you want more information go to the forums
although that is a great name for a guild less qq more pew pew I should look that up
on the armory.
So how about this this one comes from Ali so I thought I would voice a few opinions
on your cynicism toward the ps3 my brother had the opportunity to play a ps3 a couple
of days ago and he told me it was really a lot of fun I believe he played resistance
fall of man in gran turismo hd now granted my brother is pretty hardcore gamer he pulled
strings to get himself an xbox 360 at launch got a ps2 at launch etc now I thought I would
remind you of the ps2 launch everyone told us we were crazy for spending that much time
that much on the game system and the dreamcast was so much better I also remember reading
that the emotion engine was nigh impossible to program for however once time passed the
ps2 gained traction price wise the price stayed even as flint inflation went on and people
cracked how to get the most out of their ee now look at the ps3 everyone says the 360
is 100 times better that the cell is near impossible to program for and that it was
too expensive I think that will happen in a year or two the ps2 will see revival and
will take the market other than that I literally got my 360 a half hour ago and I got cracked
down call of duty 3 gears of war saints row and test drive unlimited the reason I'm telling
you this is that I want some good um some music games I heard that ddr for 360 wasn't
too good and as far as I can tell guitar hero 2 is not on xbox 360 will guitar hero come
out for the xbox 360 and is ddr any good on 360 um yeah it is coming out on 360 I believe
April is the big month for guitar hero 2 I like this insert usual love the show dribble
here thank you uh boom boom rocket I don't know much about but people that have gotten
their hands on it say if you like music games you're gonna like yourself some boom boom
rocket uh there's that I don't know when that'll be out though knowing uh the release schedule
it could be summer it could be the end of the year um ddr on the 360 is actually it's
a it's not that bad it's just components of it are bad um but the game itself the main
core element of the game I mean what's ddr it's songs and steps the songs are great and
the steps are great so that's it it's it's a fine game it's just all the other stuff
around it like quest mode sucks and some of the other stuff is not so hot but uh the game
itself is fine um it depends how much do you love ddr I mean you're willing to spend 80
bucks on it that's the question but it's some good songs and they'll keep you in shape and
all that good stuff and our last email of the uh day is uh from uh azhp hey guys just
had a comment possibly a very long comment on what did I miss him oh sorry lanky style
was here and leaving and I was trying to kiss him on his bald head okay um on the email
you guys got last week on the topic of piracy affecting game development first of all I'd
like to say that the fact that nintendo puts out arguably higher quality games than sony
and microsoft is that they simply care more about the fun factor in the games than any
other developer out there uh shigeru miyamoto said in his gdc keynote that if at any point
during the development he feels they have lost sight of the fact that this game is supposed
to make people happy he scraps it and redoes it from the ground up that's devotion secondly
the reason we are seeing more and more rehash equals is not because the developers do not
have the resource to make entirely new franchises or because piracy is affecting them in an
adverse fashion it is because the higher ups at companies decide they tell their developers
make this the same game as last year and put a new title on it so you can generate large
revenues this is purely marketing and financial based decision and is probably not affected
at all by the piracy issue nintendo is not like other companies in this regard they spend
as much time as they want or need pushing it back pushing back release dates if necessary
to ensure the highest quality games not the highest quantity lastly nintendo's consoles
are not much harder to pirate are not any harder to pirate games on than the xbox uh
than the ps2 or xbox i have a mod chip in my gamecube and i burn my original discs to
many dvdrs so that i don't have to lug around giant dvd cases that gamecube games come in
as i travel a lot there are also mods that allow you to use full-size dvds for your games
so the argument that nintendo games are harder to pirate as a reason that nintendo is succeeding
is not valid i honestly don't think that any company looks at pirating as a major reason
what their games are not selling as well because most people who pirate games wouldn't buy
the games they did not have the opportunity to pirate them so the ratio of pirates to
mass consumers is really low and mostly for people with the technical know-how anyway
that's just my two cents i hope this sparks some discussion between all of you as i wanted
to show the corporate side of gaming as another reason why games are not as high quality as
they used to be hey freaking men i i would agree that piracy is something really that
not the masses really gets in on i mean um very few people would know how to put ddr
fifth mix on a psp loki uh or would know how to you know do some of that stuff you know
they would know how to pirate or mod a gamecube and all that stuff it's not an easy thing
to do your average person is not going to be able to do it i kind of think about when
piracy got really busted and got out of control and i think about napster and when did napster
really cross the line when like every media outlet started reporting on it and then every
college kid in the nation was using napster to download music off each other and to some
extent yeah the piracy still goes on today but it's not as easy as it used to be right
like remember it used to be like you just download maps napster type in metallica and
bam you get like any song you want it right yeah now you have to download limewire and
type in metallica and then and hopefully you connect to the server and you have to configure
and the thing isn't as user-friendly and you have to configure all that stuff it's not
as easy it's all about bit torrent and you use groups or new use net i'm not saying just
because it's not easy makes it right but i'm just you know that that is true that you know
you're probably never going to eliminate piracy completely but you can make it difficult enough
for that most people aren't going to figure out how to do it or care right yeah loki you're
just an exception you're a special child face it let's give him some donuts all right is
that it for the mailbag that would be it well einhänder is awesome send more email mailbag
orange laws you have einhänder on your psp yeah god damn you mailbag orange launch radio
dot com well this is something else we can get mad about because we didn't have this
this is kind of old news but because it's ending like now but australia actually had
a free xbox live gold service all weekend long that ran this weekend march 9th through
march 11th so if you're an xbox live silver subscriber in australia you got three days
worth of gold so pretty cool there and crackdown appears to be the game that a lot of folks
were going to take advantage of with their free xbox live gold accounts for the weekend
no word on who underwrote it though you know how like last time we got a free weekend wasn't
sponsored by somebody and i completely forgot who it was sponsored by so it must not have
been very effective marketing no discovery channel gave the gears of war maps it wasn't
discovery channel somebody else i don't know was it what i think it was some type of network
or tv show or something i'm sure somebody in chat room remembers who knows i'm trying
to see um maybe not history channel dark knight says history no i don't think it was a history
channel was it i don't know all righty anyways um so people love free xbox live gold weekends
people don't like bullet which and uh bullet which is really bad in fact kotaku among other
people including um was it costume get and gang game rankings.com have been ever so nice
to point out the flaws in bullet which including idiotic ai unfinished graphics and ugly textures
lighted areas too bright no lock on cheap deaths horrendous voice acting cumbersome
systems for casting spells which i might agree that is pretty bad camera angle too low to
the ground and invisible and visible barriers all over the place i don't know it just sounds
to me it's sloppy stuff well a giant brain is kind of cool you know because that's just
an enemy that you fight and the fact that it's a giant brain makes it easier to hit
with their crappy targeting system so i don't know it's okay i think is one of those games
though that probably shouldn't have been brought over here um for you know the full price maybe
well it was $49.99 so maybe $39.99 would have been a better price maybe like they have to
pay us to play it yeah maybe free would have been a better price maybe hey at least it
wasn't as bad as bomberman act zero that is one thing great they could put that on the
sticker a little sticker so you know okie from morrisons radio says hey it wasn't as
bad as bomberman act zero well i have something that should make everybody happy um in regards
to uh xbox live we have the uh classic teenage mutant ninja turtles game going to xbox live
and it's going to be um actually uh out um i believe the date was march 21st which is
right before the movie comes out on march 23rd guys isn't that speculation still because
they don't really ever know for sure what the dates are well yeah that's speculation
but i think that makes sense smart date certainly i know the game's coming out like the actual
tmnt game well um at any rate it's uh going to have two to four player co-op over xbox
live um nothing saying about enhanced modes um it's going to be uh 400 points um you know
that's uh looks like it's going to be really awesome um oh also you can still play it alone
and um it's like co-op if you want it i guess but it's still turtles dibs on leonardo dibs
on donatello for me all right well um you know i i want to address this real quick before
we get into our next segment but i noticed this coming up quite a bit in our chat i've
seen this like twice now the night and it's coming up again and the person who's posting
it has an ol army recruit number in front of them so i can't credit it but somebody
is spreading around this story about mushroom kingdom hearts coming to the nintendo we that
was a it's got to be fake right it's an april fool's joke that's what it is every year they
do an april fool's joke and it's april April fool's day so oh i see so they're the upcoming
april issue of electronic gaming monthly and they always do some stupid ass april fool's
thing all right i get it it's got to be a joke it's a joke it is a joke they even pointed
out that it's a joke yeah all right it's a nice idea but i don't i would like a new mario
rpg yeah but it's never a great idea i think that's why it makes a pretty decent joke but
uh no sorry guys not a reality yeah all right well um since jamie brought up teenage mutant
ninja turtles being confirmed for xbox live arcade and all we thought we'd take this opportunity
to play a little game here on the show that we have not played in a long long long time
so we're gonna play tonight listless here's the way listless works you guys we're gonna
come up with the definitive list around a certain topic and it's been brought to my
attention by a long time listener and staff of the show uh dark to see that we may have
actually done this topic once before but we've deemed uh since it's been at least a year
since we've done this topic and so much has changed we have a lot of new listeners since
the last time we're gonna go ahead and do listless for this topic tonight and the listless
would be teenage mutant ninja turtles was one of the most sought after games for the
xbox live marketplace right um so what arcade game now do people want to see on xbox live
arcade now that ninja turtles has made its way over what games should be next so this
is the way listless works uh each of the three hosts and our special guest who's joining
us for this segment miklotov can we say can we give miklotov a mic so we can say hello
to him no good job dropping the mic hello hi miklotov how are you i'm good all right
i'm gonna help us build a list so each of us are gonna give our top three so we get
a list of 12 games and then we're each gonna go around and knock one thing off the list
leaving a list of eight games after that the chat room will vote on their favorites and
we we will get the definitive top one two and three list of the arcade games you would
like to see ported over to xbox live arcade so let's start it off uh who wants to start
off tonight i shall all right ladies first uh what would be your pick for the game you
would most like to see on xbox live marketplace arcade games number three right number three
r-type r-type the arcade r-type why arcade r-type because it's fucking r-type all right
loki won't be your number three pick the arcade version of bionic commando wow that's kind
of obscure how is the arcade version of bionic commando different from the nes for those
that don't know hopefully not by much i don't know better graphics i could just tell you
like i haven't played bionic commando in the arcade but i can tell you that like rygar
in the arcade and on the nes were completely freaking different all right uh mikkel top
why don't you go next your number three pick i would say um the x-men game the six person
yeah yeah that was a good game we talked about that last week here on the show the x-men
game that's a very good choice all right x-men my number three pick would be quiz and dragons
so i can take on bobby blackwolf with the xbox quiz and dragons was this game and it
had like i think they used pretty much the same engine that magic sword and all those
other games magic sword god okay um like it was capcom made right and basically you would
roll dice and go around the board and you would battle monsters like slimes and whatever
and you battled them by answering trivia questions nerd it was awesome but insanely hard so quiz
and dragons my number three pick uh dark soccer my number two is planet harrier why planet
harrier planet harrier has not had a home release of any kind and it was the sequel
to um space harrier which was a really freaking awesome game and i i've played planet harrier
in the arcade it's really really fun and i think that it deserves some sort of home release
all right uh what next loki what would be your number two pick um my number two pick
would be you know actually i would like to see the name i i see the image of the game
i'm just have to go with um you know the beyonce metal slug actually because why the hell not
i mean they're gonna put metal slugging everything rather have some achievements for it all right
metal i can't believe you of all people just said i went i drew more metal slug you obviously
you're drawing a blank all right uh miklata you're number two turtles in time turtles
in time the sequel all right sounds fair it was so much fun to like throw the foot soldiers
at the screen i think that's the one you do it in and like it was like you could do it
in the first one too okay i was originally this is a case where the chat room yelling
out random things can't have influence on this because i'm actually going to pick one
from chat for my number two because um i originally was gonna say rampart because that game was
pretty awesome rampart you don't ever play our key into it was like young it was it was
kind of tetrisy because you would rotate pieces to build a wall but they have it on playstation
three i don't see why they can't have it so i'll take it off since it's on i'm gonna say
i love this idea nba jam totally needs to be on xbox live they have the codes though
for the um mortal kombat character and that game was so that could totally work too because
uh midway puts a bunch of stuff on my i want nba jam fuck yeah i'm putting nba jam down
thank you act up number one pick dark sakura radiant silver gun oh good pick radiant silver
gun because because it's freaking treasure it's treasure and by the way i do agree with
gs68 for blazing star but um but no it's got to be it's got to be radiant silver gun all
right uh loki your number one pick you know i had a couple things and i just thought of
my second uh pick but i can't remember the game's called so whatever um so my number
one pick is gonna be simpsons the arcade game oh good pick good pick my my number two instead
of metal slug should have been i and i can't remember those hentai puzzle games i kept
on the plane because those are fun the hentai kicks thing i remember what it was called
though oh you should just say gals panic that's what it was gals panic will we allow loki
to remove metal slug and put in gals panic sure all right fine we will allow metal slug
to come off the list in favor of gals panic there you go gals panic that's the first time
we've ever done that on a listless segment by the way allowed that to get changed all
right um mikotov you looked a little pissed off when loki took simpsons the arcade game
did you come up with a new number one i'm trying so hard but like that's all the arcade
games i played shall we go to the chat rooms for some ideas let me look at them would you
like me to read them to you um i'm just i can't credit all these because a lot of folks
are just yelling them out uh super super off-road moonwalker arcade uh dungeons and dragons
shadows over misteria um can i pick a ticket game no you can't do a ticket game um no there's
this crazy climber um no there's this game that everybody without getting it was by midway
and it had it had like a joystick and trackball and it was like first person shooter or third
person shooter type the grid the grid yeah you want the grid yeah i want the grid all
right the grid we just talked about that earlier in the show where were you well i was drooling
over starbucks my fault all right yeah yeah uh shane comes back in here and goes you guys
want anything from starbucks i'm like they're going back all right uh my number one pick
would be super puzzle fighter 2 turbo because that game was awesome and especially with
dance puzzle jojo and why not because they have you know street fighter 2 up why not
give us puzzle fighter 2 probably because the joystick sucks that's funny because act
deaf said that again in chat but i actually had that written down before he said that
act deaf and i are on very similar wavelengths tonight apparently so there you have it here's
the list this is stands so far before the elimination part of this list we have arcade
r-type bionic commando x-men quiz and dragons planet harrier gals panic turtles in time
nba jam radiant silver gun simpsons the grid and super puzzle fighter 2 turbo which of
these games is not worthy of being on the list dark sakura the grid oh the grid gets
denied i'm not very fond of that game miklotov says you know what i pulled that out of my
ass anyway so i'm okay with that elimination loki which of these games does not deserve
to be on the list um you know i would actually say well nba jam just because there's no way
there would be i mean it'd be nice such a cock but they can't do it blame ea they have
the rights to the nba franchise for years and years and years well actually no they
do it's the nfl not the nba right oh you're right you're right my mistake so uh next yeah
fine it'll stay um radiant silver gun because there's gonna be already like ikaru and a
bunch of other shit coming to live okay silver gun is unique it's gone no one anymore please
okay no donut for you bye bye radiant silver gun nice knowing you all right and and it's
funny because chat room was like fuck you loki fuck you and then i retract that fuck
you uh miklotov which of these comes off the list oh yeah these have these which one of
these uh does not deserve to be on the list um quiz and dragons because it's too nerdy
for that list i kind of i kind of accepted the fact that quiz and dragons would come
off the list so i'm okay with that um and i will um help jamie out and take a little
revenge on loki but um not how you think i'm gonna take off bionic commando because come
on he couldn't even tell me what was different from the nes version the nes version has better
graphics that's it no the nes version is awesome it's like what's the difference between contra
and contra in the arcade it has better graphics that's it that's the only one you need all
right uh and now there's objections going on in chat room uh black wolf has just told
miklotov to go die in a fire uh let's see anyway um all right let's look at the list how it
stands now and you guys can vote you can vote for either arcade r-type x-men planet harrier
gals panic turtles in time nba jam simpsons or super puzzle fighter 2 turbo the way this
works is you're going to send your number one and your number two pick and a private
message to sky in our chat room only if you're listening live you send your number one and
your number two pick clearly labeled that helps us break any ties so there it is um
arcade r-type x-men planet harrier gals panic turtles in time nba jam simpsons super puzzle
fighter 2 turbo what arcade games should they port next to xbox live arcade we'll have the
results later in the show it'd be awesome oh good it's a good thing you said the x-men
game because the other game i would have mentioned was the uh avengers game because the avengers
game i've been like everybody knows i've been getting back into my whole obsession with
captain america and i love the avengers so i've been like actually downloading them we
we actually uh played that the other day the old game i was gonna say uh i don't think
they would put gals panic on live arcade because it's too pornographic for them it's a fun
game though they could do girls of xbox well they have was it they don't they have the
one that's not gals panic but it's like gals panic but in 3d that it's not nudity but it's
just you know scantily clad you know it's broth and pennies exactly the brawn panty
game you should just call it that so that if you can have dead or alive extreme beach
volleyball whatever then you can have that all right that game sucks does it i i still
not played it jamie bring over dead or alive extreme so we can play it this weekend okay
actually not this weekend bad weekend i have a date in the bay area yeah sort of well i'm
going to it's not a date but i'm going to a birthday party so i was going to say saturday
you should come over for like for a barbecue at christine's birthday i have an engagement
somewhere else i'll tell you offline because you're more than invited which i told you
about the stream beach volleyball olr extreme beach volleyball i think not if you want to
see me in a speedo you need help i played volleyball in high school did you yes i did
because um i don't know why the they would always make me the server because i was short
and i couldn't spike you played volleyball in high school okay wow did it but was it
sunny enough in kansas to actually play volleyball oh it was indoor volleyball all right i played
uh marching band that's that was my sport i was a marching band too and your book something
else i played a lot of in high school that i haven't played a lot of since is earthworm
gym and guess what dave perry the shiny entertainment founder has hinted uh that a new earthworm
gym game is going to quote happen eventually apparently they have put together the pieces
of the development team uh to revive this game that originally came out in 1994 you
might remember it was the game where you could like launch cows and i remember the burping
theme so i went earthworm gym like when you like somebody burped the title and they recorded
it because that's how mature earthworm gym was of a game i think it would be kind of
fun to see that come back why do i have a feeling this might be an xbox live arcade
title i don't does it does it does it scream xbox live to anyone else is it just me yeah
it does no we'll see so um they did didn't they do like a 3d remake of it or something
like that that came out on the psp you're thinking of bubsy i think no no i'm thinking
earth was a gym yeah i don't know there was like a quasi 3d remake or something somebody
i just yeah ew 3d earthworm gym the new earthworm gym better be 2d so apparently there was one
i just never played it i guess that's a good thing anyways so um well earthworm gym you
know it's a great game the question is how do you get your girlfriend to play games with
you speaking of which you have excellent timing there is a list that's been posted on the
internet how to get your girlfriend to play video games with you you put lots of naked
people in it you put things that she likes in it and not things you like in it i don't
know number one they say find out if your girlfriend has ever played video games she
may not be a full-blown gamer but she may have played mario games when she was younger
and she may play games on the internet and stuff like that um to remind your girlfriend
that if you both play games you'll be able to spend even more quality time together bullshit
um pick out games she might like if you're not 100 sure she'll enjoy it you can rent
it uh try to choose a game or system um that isn't too confusing and doesn't require short
reaction time because because girls are feeble-minded apparently that's what i was just thinking
oh because my female brain can't figure out these buttons well the voice you're hearing
by the way is loki's wife nelly oh i'm sorry hi i'm nelly that's right and i'm retarded
because i can't figure out buttons what do i do with this i don't know where does the
thingy go uh if you can get a game that is multiplayer optimally co-op and says consider
your girlfriend's personality when picking out a game some girls may prefer brightly
colored all ages games like katamari bust a move or lego star wars sims or any mario
game but remember if your girlfriend is an individual who could just as well go for halo
resident evil or grand theft auto or nelly's case dead or alive extreme beach volleyball
too don't get games that involve things like strippers prostitutes sex unless she has a
sense of humor about the subject well i yeah it's a good thing that they added the sense
of humor thing but i was about to disagree and it says have fun when you play with her
even if you make a good time she'll enjoy it even if she's not into games and yada yada
yada and basically um i don't know so they have a whole bunch of tips out there it's
on wikihow.com get your girlfriend to play video games if you're really interested in
i just say you know like nelly said make sure that there's porn in there or something or
incentives get rez with the trans vibrator there you go all right well every week on
this program dark sakura likes to surf the internet up and down and left and right and
back and forth uh whatever she the ddr steps are that she's dancing to this week will be
the world wide web surfing to find the website of the week to share with you all here on
orange lounge radio so dark sakura what is your website of the week um you picked it
out i helped you you asked for ideas i gave you ideas but it would have been one that
i would have used um it's potterpuppetpals.com which i think was down for a while but um
and really it's just you know the ones that came out in the actual puppet version um with
the sexy snape animation and uh the muggle pants animation and stuff like that so potterpuppetpals
it's snape let's bother him um is that just potterpuppetpals.com yeah all right my favorite
part of that is every time snake comes out and like i snake the potion master i was like
yeah all right that was a very brief website of the week that's what happens when i suggest
it then dark sakura doesn't have anything to say about it really all right well if you
want to talk about something cooler than potter puppet pals uh let's talk resistance fall man
it's getting updated soon it's gonna have um some brand new multiplayer content as well
as um some episodic content new modes and maps and whatnot so that's kind of cool and
apparently on march 23rd uh coinciding with the european launch they're going to launch
the two multiplayer modes which is team conversion uh basically the conversion mode with teams
and assault and where you destroy your team's defending base and they're also adding a spectator
camera mode as well and um later on we should be getting some more story elements um in
the form of episodic content so i'm glad to see that they're actually doing some stuff
with this game because it is pretty an awesome game it's just you know once you finish with
it i guess multiplayer is the only thing left for you like go back through the game get
some more weapons but that's about it fun though all righty well we're going to open
up our skype line here very soon so you guys can interact with our program as uh we had
a couple people calling in during part a if you want to give us a call the number is 1-877
game olr or you can always use skype to call us orange lounge radio but first before we
get to that let's hear the listless results as determined by you guys the chat room these
are the top three games that you would like to see come to xbox live arcade number three
was super puzzle fighter 2 turbo number three was your number two pick was nba jam was the
number two hey you would like to see and uh number one honestly this isn't much of a shock
to me i think it was based on the same hardware lovable characters the simpsons is the number
one game you guys want to see on the and they're still talking about that they might do that
too yay really yeah because uh with the movie coming out and everything it might happen
by the way i just want to point out turtles in time very very close one vote away from
making it onto the list so that was another one you guys wanted to see but every every
guest on the list or every entry on the list at least got a little bit of love so um there
you have it tonight's listless thank you chat room for playing along if you're listening
to this on your ipod your zooms your psp's whatever case may be and you want to play
along next time you got to join us live for a taping it's sunday nights over at orange
lounge radio dot com shall we open up the skype line and uh take a look at what our
callers have to say let's show let's do it hello you're on orange lounge radio who's
this hey paradox vincent what's on your mind buddy not much i just got a i just got another
beatmania game 10th style and i just want to shout out a quick review for it oh sure
beatmania 10th style now this is an import game right yeah it's an import game so i have
to use uh swap magic all right well tell it or you have to own a japanese playstation
too like i actually own one uh it has a lot of dust on it but i have one yeah well tell
us your review uh beatmania 10th style well it has my favorite song list in it and uh
i heard a lot of complaints about it on uh just some of the various bimani communities
but i didn't really see it i mean it was what were some of the complaints i don't know like
i just heard that it was bad just people going this sucks you can't ever you can't ever take
that for an answer though you can't let somebody go this sucks you got it why why does it suck
yeah the only thing that i ever heard about it that was legitimate was that it's where
the difficulty really started ramping up there are a few songs in there where the difficulty
just starts getting a little intense but um overall i mean i think it has the best song
list out of uh the releases that i've played it does have a pretty solid song list i remember
that what uh what types of songs would bimani fans be uh happy to know or in the game well
um there was eggsy on by led light and there uh there was a lot of uh sampling masters
sampling masters was really heavy in there there was both rattle the mercury and rattle
the sun of some sampling masters is stuff 108 daddy daddy it was really it was a talk
heavy um mixed there was a lot of there's a lot of talk songs in there if i've never
played a beatmania 2dx game before in my life but i just happen to have you know a playstation
2 japanese or a swapper or whatever do you think the beatmania 2dx 10 style is a good
entry into the series for someone entry level it depends because i'm training somebody right
now and they seem to really like and be able to play a lot of them but if you've never
played before i'd say maybe this one's just a little too hard because after maybe the
first five songs the difficulty starts to ramp up a bit so maybe not ten style but ten
style would be an awesome second or third game all right well there you have it any
final thoughts for our listeners paradox vincent on uh comment on the uh getting girls to play
games segments actually um like some of the games that i found worked really good were
you know katamari and uh ddr actually but no rez rez didn't work rez doesn't work even
with the attachment huh even with the trans vibrator attachment well i don't know about
the trans vibrator attachment maybe you need to have her take a second look uh maybe all
right paradox vincent thanks so much for the call uh we appreciate it and have fun with
your beatmania 2dx 10 style oh i will all righty and uh uni uh is in chat saying uh
i play games and i'm a girl indeed you are let's go over to the chat you know i i again
there's i guess there's just a difference though i i think when we read these stories
about how do we get girls into gaming they mean the casual gaming girl i think not the
hardcore gamer nerds you know like you and i regardless of sex you know and all that
i don't know all right uh let's go back to the phone lines take another call uh hello
you're on orange launch radio who's this good evening this is dmn hi dmn god you get through
every week what's on your mind um first of all sorry for making you all listen to that
song folks who are listening to the podcast only have no idea what you're talking about
it was a bonus segment tonight so there you have it it'll be on stfu a nice plug appreciate
that thursday night seven o'clock right well i was gonna plug it later on but first things
first review of ssx blur um the game's amazing i highly recommend it if you want to we um
it feels a lot like it feels a lot like ssx 3 and ssx tricky um not as not so much as
on tour which i really didn't like um it's 50 definitely recommend it what if i've never
played ssx before in my life what do i have to look forward to um if this is your first
ssx game you may be a little diff it may be a little difficult for you um the the thing
that's really difficult is uh excuse me the thing that's really difficult in that game
is moving around and doing tricks um because they do it a lot differently than you would
with a dualshock 2 controller um once once you get accustomed to that though um as the
tutorial does a great job of get having you get the hang of it it's a lot of fun when
will ssx tricky come out an ssx blur when people don't give a shit about ao ratings
all right fair enough anything else that you've played this week you want to share with our
listeners about um no i'm getting back into a leap eat agents though i'm getting psyched
for oh and on too that's supposed to be coming out later this year looks pretty sexy i remember
that that news just came out recently as well um i was going to ask you uh you have not
been the biggest sony fan in the past from what i remember what did you think about their
announcements this week i'm excited for them um the playstation home looks fantastic yeah
i could i could play the ripoff card but i'm not going to um little big planet looks awesome
um not something that's going to make me drop 600 on a ps3 but it's a great idea and i really
hope it gets off the ground all right well anything else you want to share with our listeners
dmn yes um we're introducing over the next month a new segment a new recorded segment
after stfu it is the month of march march managed with basketball so i thought i'd throw
together a little tournament called ddr madness 64 ddr and in the groove songs you guys vote
to determine which is the best one but if it's ddr madness why do you have in the groove
songs in it shouldn't it be like dance dance game madness or something like that sure we'll
call it dance game madness why not thank you yay i had an effect on the world all right
uh listen to stfu thursday night seven o'clock right here on olr yes yes all right and it's
podcasted now so you don't have an excuse not to listen sweet is it really do we finally
get that on our servers yes we do we have the pilot episode and episode 12 up right
now awesome go check are we gonna get all the episodes on the stream yes i'm gonna release
an old one and a new one every week so sweet all right check that out uh orange on traded
what's the podcast feed is it in itunes yet uh yeah stfu dot orange lounge radio dot com
slash rss i believe i'll find the link make a post in the chat great uh that will do us
no good for the folks listening on the podcast right now uh can they search it in itunes
or somewhere yet i believe it's up in itunes now sweet all right well good luck to you
d-man all right thanks man later bye bye all right sweet uh let's go to at least one more
call here hi you're on orange launch radio who's this it's legend azaku hi legend azaku
what's on your mind buddy um just just ranting on the internets in particular how people
are just bitching and moaning about you know how how the ps1 ps3 game unreal 2003 is actually
getting keyboard and mouse support i would like to see that as an itune review by the
way as an itunes review of this program that's just ranting on the internets yeah yeah sorry
go ahead as you know they're saying that it's going to give you know pc gamers who basically
grew up on keyboard mouse myself uh it's going to give them an advantage over the the folks
that use access just to play the game and there's just uh some back and forth arguing
well what do you think is it really that big a deal or should people just shut up about
it or what the only exceptions to con you know the only good controls that i've seen
so far you know in console first person shooters is golden eye and perfect dark that's it because
they had that they had the benefit of the you know the the joystick on the n64 and it
actually felt nice on your hands whereas you know stuff like halo honestly you know personally
i found it really hard to just you know to actually aim and i found that and i found
it very difficult with every other first person shooter that i've seen on the console it's
just it was just horrible but now that they had a keyboard and mouse i could pretty much
it's easier for me to transition this is you know but then on the other side you could
actually use six axis you know you know to aim to move the to move the aim you know to
move you know to basically aim up and down and then you can just use the t-pad to move
to move forward backwards side to side since you since you brought up halo you know there
are current existing 360 games that will use any usb keyboard final fantasy 11 is what
i'm thinking of right but the halo 3 ought to accept a mouse and a keyboard usb mouse
and usb keyboard as possible control devices just to throw the piece of gamers a bone at
least because you know they're still out there and that that would pretty much on getting
halo 3 if it had that i could just hook up a you know mouse and keyboard and then i could
just you know play at my in my own comfort zone without having to go through hell trying
to learn the controls and trying to be good at it hmm interesting all right well any other
thoughts for our listeners tonight um um tune pawns initial d that's all i have to say all
right what's that what maximum two oh i thought you said you want to comment on initial d
no i said maximum tune is greater than initial d that's all i certainly when it comes to
the soundtrack i would agree oh yeah that too and the fact that it's more real than
than initial d all right well uh racing game fans if you uh disagree with zaku uh call
them at home but i can't give you the number all right thanks zaku for your call as always
take care buddy bye bye all right let's go to the next call hi you're on orange launch
radio who's this it's ron the official spoken at a chat room what's up everyone hello rama
how are you doing my friend i'm doing good how is everybody else over there uh i'm okay
the other two are kind of quiet tonight they don't want to participate in phone calls tonight
i don't know what's going on fine just have you know a lot in my head they're having chat
room online actually no i'm trying to take calls here no but then do you want dark soccer
you you talk to rama hi i have to go pee anyway you talk to rama oh that's really fucking
good radio rob way to go yeah he's just yeah way to go rob go to bathroom hi what a wuss
hello hi hey what's on your mind i got a question what i got a question for you i read an article
on consumers sometime back about people complaining about game stop the fact that they open up
all the video games and put it out on display and then when they sell them they sell them
at the full price they'd rather not knock a couple bucks off um what do you think about
that well first of all i have no affiliation with game shop whatsoever anymore
that's fine but honestly they don't do that with all of their games that's like the last
one and it hasn't been played the disc has not been physically touched on the thing it
has not been inside of the system it is an unused game it is only that the case has been
opened correct you're right on that but i guess from my point of view from working retail
it seems like it belongs in box status where you won't still new it's open and technically
you really can't say it's new so you're not a couple of dollars off it's sort of like
a shade of gray when you think about it i think open box really should apply to uh like
hardware like appliances the same thing thinking with demos and shoes as well but i remember
i was with a friend of mine you know my friend patty we were looking for a game we found
it but they would not get a couple bucks or because it was open it was like a display
box you know they took the game out and all of that and the boxes are a little bit faded
i mean at least they could at least get stumped well i think that um well okay look at it
this way um if ever you go to the bookstore and you have books that are shrink wrapped
you know but you have books that are unwrapped they're still going to sell you the book at
the same at the same price unless the book itself is damaged if the game is not damaged
If the case is not damaged, then there's no reason for them to make any differentiation
between it.
You're right, but it's just that some people argue about that.
I mean, that's one of the reasons I try not to shop at GameStop unless I really have to,
you know?
Well, I don't shop at GameStop anymore at all, so don't blame me there.
Go to GameCrazy.
There's no GameCrazies out here in New York, not that I know of.
They should be attached to a Hollywood video, if you got them.
We have a Hollywood video, but there is no GameCrazies there.
That's sad.
Around here in New York City, you have the local shop, Best Buy, Cirque du Sole, if you
like me, there's a GameCrazy store.
Well, GameCrazy sells old games, and that's why I love them.
Not just because Dan Mina works there.
Well, it works for me, definitely.
All right, well, it sounds...
Is there anything else, Rama?
I want to call you out, Skye.
I'm tired of you talking trash about Vista.
I don't...
I'm tired of it.
I'm not really talking a lot of trash about Vista.
I'm just not that interested in it.
Yeah, but the thing is, there's no Windows XP.
Every popular XP coming out, oh, new upgrades, brand new hardware.
By the time the new OS came out, it's definitely time to upgrade, because it's been like maybe
two or three years since the last upgrade.
Since it was Vista, it's been a while since, you know, the last operating system was with
XP.
We got newer hardware for Vista to support, and people complain about bugs left and right.
A lot of those bugs do not even apply unless you're like a hardcore, higher-end user doing
stuff you shouldn't even be doing.
Why should I upgrade to Vista?
Well, personally, because if there are newer hardware that's coming out that XP may not
be able to support, and the fact that XP and Vista is more secure, is more stable, I've
been...
But that's Microsoft being a cunt about it.
I mean, seriously, because the new hardware doesn't have to lock out XP.
So besides the fact that, you know, I'm not going to have much choice to upgrade to Vista,
why do I need to upgrade to Vista now?
Well, to be perfectly honest, I can't say now, because if that was the case, I'd worry
I'd update it.
Drew and I, he's already updated.
I'm waiting a month before I get all my hardware upgrade ready to go, because I want to really
try out this copy that's out in stores, because I shouldn't be really famous, but I was a
beta tester, and I've been playing around with it since it was Lobo, and I've seen the
changes from like 2004 all the way up to now.
Ram, I've got to be honest, you're not selling it to me.
I mean, you're telling me that because everyone else is doing it, I should do it?
I'm doing the best that I can.
I work retail, you know?
I know, you don't work retail.
I'm going to be perfectly honest.
Look, let me tell you straight up, honestly, if you don't want to upgrade to Vista, that's
fine.
I mean, to each his own.
Me personally, I plan on doing the upgrade in due time.
XP is still going to be around for a couple of years.
The only time Microsoft is really going to force everyone to upgrade to Vista is when
they say, oh, we're no longer supporting Windows XP.
All right.
I'm going to read some chat comments on this and then wrap up here.
I see James Patrick says, you can control audio for every separate program in Vista.
I'm trying to help you out there with some good reasons.
Let's see.
What was it?
Somebody has said they are on Windows.
Oh, NM64 says, Vista, heck, I still prefer Windows 2000.
There you go.
All right.
Well, Ram, we've got to let you go, but thank you so much for the call.
Any last words for our listeners?
Listen to uni's radio or shout cat.
I don't remember the name of it, but she should be posting in the chat room.
All right.
I'm sure she appreciates the plug.
Take care.
No problem.
Bye.
But don't listen to it right now, because we're on the air.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
Thanks so much for the call, and we're going to go ahead and shut off the Skype line now.
Thank you so much to those of you that got through tonight and participated in the show.
We appreciate it as always.
I'm going to go around and ask if there's any last minute stories, dark soccer, anything?
Not particularly, just I'd like to remind everybody that I'm really awesome, and okay.
That's not a story.
Loki.
There was a thing that's coming out in Japan that's actually kind of funny.
It's a painting program for the DS, and you basically paint like those paint by number
things, but for the DS, so it's like a coloring book.
Sounds kind of interesting.
Not really.
Yeah.
Not really.
I got to send an interesting last minute story here.
This was sent to me via email by Brad from PodCulture.net.
Let's see.
A Japanese man has blamed his six axis for a new impotence problem.
Mr. Aoi Bailey says he cannot get an erection anymore.
He says having his controller in his lap in close proximity to his penis has left him
unable to perform.
He thinks the controller is sending out a Bluetooth frequency that can cause bodily
harm.
He has contacted Sony to find out if he's not the only one having problem from the PlayStation
3 controller, but has yet to get a response.
Bailey plans on going to the doctor this week to try to get some answers.
So Bluetooth gives you impotence apparently.
What the hell is this?
I think he just has emotional problems, and that's why he's impotent.
Why is he trying to play the game with his penis anyway?
It sounds like he's trying to put the controller right there to maybe look at a picture of
a pretty girl.
I don't know about you, but when I play the game, I don't have my hand down there.
I have the controller in my hands.
That's the Al Bundy way of playing video games.
One hand down your pants, there you go.
That's awfully lazy, and to be honest, I don't see that.
That's stupid.
How old is this guy?
It didn't say.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
I'm betting it's not anything that has to do with...
Well, here's what it is.
It's because the fucking imagery from the PlayStation 3 is so fucking sexy, his wife
just doesn't do it for him anymore.
Nintendo Maniac 64 wants to know, why would you put the six axis on your dick?
There's no rumble.
I guess that's a good question to ask.
One of the OL Army recruits, meaning they haven't changed their nickname yet, says,
that's how the power glove was invented.
Now you're playing with power.
That's so bad.
All right, well, let's go around, if there's no more last minute stories, and get everybody's
final thought.
We'll start with you tonight, Dark Sakura.
What's your final thought?
Give me money.
My final thought is Guinness.
That's my final thought, because I've had like three glasses of it this week.
It's good stuff.
Loki, your final thought, please.
My final thought is, it's a lot harder to put PlayStation 1 games on your PSP.
Were you successful in your attempts?
I put it on there, but the thing is, you need to have a bunch of different files from Hot
Shots 2, actually from the PlayStation Store, and then, because with each firmware update,
they change the encoding on the PS1 games, so say, for example, you find a game you like
online that someone's already converted over, it will only work for one type of the custom
firmware, which I don't have that type, so it's a pain in the ass.
All right.
Well, thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome.
Remember, we do this for free for you guys, so if you like what you hear, please tell
two friends about Orange Lounge Radio, because that way, if you tell two friends, then they
tell two friends, and so on and so on.
We slowly take over the world.
That's how it works.
That's how we get our name out there, because we don't have any big corporate magazine or
game company or website that backs us.
We're just us, free gamers like you guys.
Thanks so much to our chat room for joining us tonight, and thanks so much to all our
callers tonight.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next week.
Are you going to be here, Darksara?
I know you had a week off coming up.
Are you here next week?
I don't know.
There's some week you had off.
I don't remember if it was this week or next, but hopefully, we will all be here next week,
but if not, then some of us will see you here next week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Take care.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
