Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on March 25th, 2007.
We tape Orange Lounge Radio in two parts.
If this is your very first time downloading Orange Lounge Radio to listen to us, please
check our RSS feed for past shows and you can hear part A of this episode where we talked
about the launch of the PlayStation 3, we talked about the black Xbox 360, and so on.
When I say launch of the PlayStation 3, I mean in Europe, of course.
Not here.
That would be old news and we try to avoid old news if possible on this program.
Dark Soccer is not here tonight and I was out of town for the past four days, so Lokiís
taken over the news tonight and I am simply commenting here with Rice Princess whoís
filled in tonight and is making the occasional comment while playing on the laptop.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Loki, take it away.
All right.
Well, this week we had some more news that wasnít really favorable for Sony and it was
more exclusives leaving Sony and going to the Xbox 360, not necessarily being exclusive
for the 360 but for now for both systems.
So for example, the first title and actually big one, Devil May Cry 4, has been confirmed
to be on the Xbox 360 and the PSP, or not PSP, PC, and that is confirmed according to
Capcom Japan.
So that sucks.
And according to Xbox product manager of Microsoft Germany, Boris Schneider, Schneider John,
I guess, hyphen in the name, Devil May Cry is only the first.
There will be three exclusives total that are coming to the Xbox 360 and according to
that I believe it was Final Fantasy 13 and Metal Gear Solid 4, the other two.
Boy, that would be a one, two, three knockout.
I mean honestly, Final Fantasy 13 for me is kind of one of the few things that Sony seems
to be hanging on with right now because Xbox 360 kind of lacks really solid role playing,
next gen role playing games right now, I mean sure you've got Enchanted Arm but that is,
while it wasn't a bad game, it wasn't a OMG memorable, wonderful forever title and although
Final Fantasy 13 may indeed suck, it is a Final Fantasy game, there's going to be people
lined up for it.
Now, to be fair though, this was in his blog post because I guess everybody keeps blogs
nowadays.
Oh sorry, chat room says Blue Dragon, yeah true, you got me there.
And to be honest though, these are just kind of a shopping, a personal shopping list, it's
not necessarily anything confirmed, this is just a rumor for now, but Devil May Cry 4
is definitely, that's going to hurt and to be honest though, you kind of have to be stupid
unless there's a lot of money on the table to release something just on Playstation 3,
I mean especially if you're looking to sell lots of copies of it, there's just not that
many units out there.
For now, but we don't know what Sony might have in the pipeline.
For now, and there's companies that are doing that, I mean look at Ubisoft for example,
how long has Rainbow Six Vegas for the Playstation 3 been delayed?
A long time, it originally was supposed to be coming out at launch, and then it was delayed
to January, then February, then March, now I think April and possibly May, I mean that's
yeah, they're really pushing it along until there's enough units out there and it will
keep moving until Christmas if it has to.
Can I be honest for a minute though, you know how sometimes folks assume because we do this
podcast in our spare time and everything that we play every single game that's out there
and stuff, but that's not true, we don't have time to play everything, I'm going to be honest,
Devil May Cry is one of those series I never have played.
As much as I would like, it looks fun, it looks interesting, I just have never really
sat down and played it.
So to me, this news just kind of made me go, meh, that sucks for Sony, but that was pretty
much all I said, I wasn't really like, oh my god, you know this whole thing because
I'm not super into Devil May Cry because again, it's one of those series I just haven't had
a chance to get into.
If they lose Final Fantasy 13, that's going to be fun.
For me, that's a big deal because Metal Gear Solid, I am not that into that series as I
am Final Fantasy, if Final Fantasy 13 is lost to the Xbox 360, I have zero reason to get
a Playstation 3.
Honestly.
Um, my thinking though in this, and this is just kind of going back to what they did with
the Final Fantasy 7 series, is that they're going to release a version on Playstation
3 and they're going to release a different version on the Xbox 360, and then they're
going to have something else on the PSP, and then they're going to have something else
on the DS.
You know, they kind of do these ten title releases for one game type of thing, you know,
like they did with Final Fantasy 7, how uber ridiculous that was, so, I don't know.
We'll have to see.
And the game could suck.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I mean, look at Dirge of Service, perfect example.
So right now.
James Patrick is in our chat right now and makes a few comments.
Currently, by the way, chat.orangeonsrated.com, currently 360 has more JRPG's coming than
Playstation 3 because of the whole Mistwalker alignment.
Um, okay, I guess I could give that, although I don't, well Sony does have again the track
record.
That's kind of what I'm looking at right now with Playstation 2 and Xbox, and maybe that's
not a fair comparison, but you kind of think that okay, well if it was that way before,
but I get what you're saying, you know, they didn't have Mistwalker last time, and that's
a pretty big something something, I'll give you that.
Give me a break for forgetting Blue Dragon, I've been out of town the past four days.
I'm going to keep using that as my excuse as much as I can.
James Patrick says, also Final Fantasy 13 uses the white engine, Unreal Engine 3 is
being used for something they haven't announced.
But I would bet it's a spinoff.
There is something else, they are going to be announcing something new during that May
Final Fantasy party or whatever, so.
Interesting.
Jumpman says maybe Kingdom Hearts 3 for Unreal, I don't know.
Or how about a new series out of Squeenix, I mean it wouldn't kill them to come up with
a new series, would it?
True.
However though, fear not Sony, because not all is lost.
In fact, you may remember, I don't know, a while ago there was a partnership between
Namco Bandai and Sony called Celis, or Celius I guess, and it's a brand new partnership
that they are creating some brand new games, including three games that have been announced
so far and actually they showed up in Famitsu Magazine.
Brave Arms, which appears to be like a third person action game, kind of like Ninja Gaiden.
There was another game called Chain Limit, which is kind of a James Bond or Jack Bauer
style spy adventure game, and second season one, which is a first person drama sci-fi
action title.
And I gotta say from looking at the screenshots of it in Famitsu Magazine, those look damn
good.
So way to go, I mean that's some good stuff right there, you know, they just need to have
some more exclusive titles to them that look really nice, and you know, people will be
all over that stuff.
I mean, they look really nice.
I can't wait for these games to come out.
Anyways, so kind of moving along here, we've got some other interesting stuff.
More upcoming games, not necessarily for the Playstation 3.
Thing we talked about last week, Knights, which is rumored to be coming to the Wii and
pretty much confirmed in the official Nintendo Magazine in the UK and other sources.
But anyways, in other words, it's coming out, and if you think so at this point that it's
not, you're an idiot, or you're the biggest conspiracy theorist in the world.
It is coming out.
Yes.
Period.
One person though that's not really interested in the new Knights game is Yuji Naka.
And you know, basically saying that at the present, I have no such intentions to create
another game in the franchise, so much like Katamari, it will probably live on without
him.
Bull deal.
Let's see.
Moving along though.
Another game that's been in development forever.
Duke Nukem Forever?
Yes.
Oh wow, I'm good.
I didn't even peek, I promised I didn't peek over Loki's shoulder, I just kind of guessed.
It's still plugging away, and basically 3D Realms admits to screwing up and promises
that the new Duke Nukem game will be multi-platform, and hopefully will be out soon.
Other info...
Wasn't there some type of promise it was going to be out before the end of the year?
I still remember.
Was it last year?
I don't know.
Ah, fuck it.
I don't even listen to them anymore.
Some other interesting stuff though, it's rumored that the composer for Elder Scrolls
Oblivion has jumped on board to score Duke Nukem Forever, and a couple of things hinting
to that.
The first developer, Raphael van Lietrop, it looks like, discussed in his blog about
a recent visit from Julian Soule, the guy who did the score.
Also an insider's only interview at IGN, Jeremy left one hint about his secretive upcoming
project.
He said, when it's done.
That was another quote that they had for Duke Nukem Forever.
Let's see if we can get him on the show, because we had some guy from that site where they
sell his music previously on the program, and we were going to try and get an interview
with that guy.
Maybe we can try and beat him down for the details.
These are excellent composers.
Like Oblivion had some incredible music, and as did Prey, he did the music for that as
well.
Prey had some pretty awesome songs in it, but also Guild Wars has a really great soundtrack
if you've ever listened to it, and he did that as well.
That's pretty exciting if he's doing Duke Nukem Forever, but Oblivion and Guild Wars
are very medieval type, have a certain sound to them.
I would see Duke Nukem Forever's score sounding a little more like the Prey, but it could
be interesting.
It could be interesting.
He's a talented guy.
Well, since we're talking about stuff coming out, might as well start talking about what's
coming out this week, and I'm going to start off here real quick with what's coming out
in the UK, and you have lots of stuff this week, of course, with the PlayStation 3 launch
and whatnot, but now though we've got some good stuff coming out for you, including we've
got this week Gran Turismo 4 Mobile, although I would believe that when I see it, because
I haven't heard anything about that.
I'm not sure if I'll believe that, but God of War 2 is going to be coming out on PlayStation
2, FEAR is coming out on PlayStation 3 for you guys, and I know that game has been delayed
forever over here.
Oh, I'm sorry, you're doing the Euro date, never mind.
I was like, didn't God of War 2 already come out over here?
Yes, it did.
Just kidding!
300 March of Glory is finally making its way out to the PSP, After Burner Black Falcon
is also coming out, Bionicle Heroes for the Wii being put out by Eidos as well, Call of
Duty Roads to Victory for the PSP, Command & Conquer 3 Tiberian Wars for the PC, and
Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 2 coming out for the Wii, so that's a pretty cool lineup,
also I guess looks like a heat seeker on the Wii and the PSP, hopefully that stuff comes
out here pretty soon, and Medal of Honor Vanguard on the Wii and PlayStation 2 will be out this
week, as well as Test Drive Unlimited, and looks like Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell double
agent as well on the PlayStation 3.
For the US, we've got some good stuff coming out, of course this week, not a whole lot,
got a few movie tie-ins, like for example, Meet the Robinsons got some games coming out
for that, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox 360, the Wii, the DS, the Game Boy Advance, and
PSP, so, you know, lots of systems for that game, and of course on PlayStation 2 and the
Wii we have Medal of Honor Vanguard, which is going to be coming out, Metal Slug Anthology
is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2, hopefully this week, because it's been delayed
a lot, let's see here, on the PlayStation 3, Splinter Cell double agent, so that should
be coming out this week, on PC, Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, the expansion to that, Shivering
Isles, yes, that should be making its way on PC, we can actually buy that and then downloadable
on the Xbox 360, fucking need to play more Oblivion, I really do, it was so incredible,
I need to spend a hundred hours to just explore every nook and cranny, if you happen to be
in the mood for some really weird PC titles, I've got a couple titles, I think these have
to be my favorites for the week, Super Granny 3, on the PC, Rad, what are you doing Super
Granny 3, I'm not sure, but it looks pretty awesome, apparently, Guild 3, Super Granny
3, but that's still not my favorite title, my favorite title has to be this, Alien Disco
Safari, that one is, that has to be my favorite title of the week, and that's going to be
coming out, no idea, but maybe we'll see Super Granny 4 meets the Alien Disco Safari, Granny's
Alien Disco Safari 4, yeah, maybe, winner, Cabela's Alien Disco Safari, alright, well
I haven't been good for much this week, but at least maybe I can get out some Japanese
release dates, would that be ok? Would you have any exclusives, by the way, I didn't
hear any of the good stuff. You didn't really have too much to announce, of course, not
a big surprise, I think this has been announced originally, they said they were doing Guitar
Hero 80's edition or something, yeah, that was no surprise, you landed a date, but it
was weird, we got linked from some punk rock music news site, linked that, a lot of folks
kind of forgot that they've already said they're doing an 80's edition or they've hinted at
it, so a lot of folks are taking that as news for the first time. Yeah, this stuff is nothing
new, I just thought I'd point it out because everyone's got a big boner over Guitar Hero,
especially with the new game coming out next week, so that's going to be big, I don't know,
looking forward to more Guitar Hero, they're definitely keeping up with their promise with
releasing multiple releases throughout the week, they're not the only franchise that's
promised to do that, we'll get into that a little bit later. Japanese release dates,
before I get into those, looking at the chat room here, let's see, Mecklar says Super Granny
3, you have to save cats, that could be a joke, I don't know, and then Shadow Next Gen
says Shivering Isles is coming out the day Xbox Live is down, lol, and Joshi16 follows
up with that, it's only down for 14 hours, it's official, but don't those things usually
take longer than they say they do? Yeah, apparently it's not for anything specific, they said
they had a lot of work to do on the back end, so they're kind of doing that right now. Going
back in chat to the Duke Nukem Forever chat, the Rob D from This Day in Gaming says I like
how the creators of DNF, Duke Nukem Forever, actually take responsibility for screwing
it up, they have no excuses, just we screwed up. Dark Sakura made a cameo on This Day in
Gaming this week, by the way, check that out, it's hilarious. Japanese release dates, Xbox
360 gets Absolute Blazing Infinity, Call of Duty 3, and Asia gets the release of Rayman
Raving Rabbids all on the 29th of March. Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, Mizase Suri Master
is coming out from Hudson for the Nintendo Wii, and this looks to be some type of sports
title that's coming out, it looks like it involves fishing, and hasn't this been announced
for the US as some other name? Because it's all fishing, is what it is, some type of fishing
game. I saw some screenshots for this. Maybe. Maybe somebody in chat room would know more
information about that whole thing. Let's see, also coming out on the, well that's it.
You can get some controller covers and stuff for like 5 bucks, 10 bucks on Nintendo Wii.
I don't know if Rayman Raving Rabbids is coming out, because that's another game that they
kind of delayed, it was very last minute too, it was supposed to be coming out this week,
and then got moved to May. For the 360. For the 360. I don't know, we'll see. Coming out
on the Playstation 3, Winning Post 7 Maximum 2007 on the 29th of March for the Playstation
3, that's a horsey racing game. Enjoy your horsey racing if you are into that. Coming
out over on the Playstation 2, Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix, I know a lot of folks are very
excited about that. Vitamin X. I like the name of this game. Vitamin X is coming out.
There's also a limited edition available. I'm not sure if this is based on an anime
or what, because I haven't been keeping tabs on my anime, but it's certainly got one of
those covers. Rice Princess, you know a lot about anime. Is Vitamin X an anime? I've never
heard of it. I think so. Vitamin X? I don't know, it's got a little cover there. It's
an action game. It's not ringing a bell for me. Maybe somebody in chat knows. Couldn't
tell you that one there. But also, this other one, this sounds like a very interesting game
coming out in Japan. Gaokan Utopia, Manabe Straight, Kira Kira Happy Festa is coming
out. And this is an adventure game with a bunch of girly anime characters on the cover.
Looks like a chibi punch and kick game. But it has a cute name. Yay. So, have fun with
that. Let's see if anything else is coming out on the other systems. Oh, Nintendo DS,
Digimon. Two Digimon games coming out from Bandai. Moonlight and Sunburst. It doesn't
really say what Vitamin X is, but it says it's a love adventure game by D3. Oh, a love
adventure game, huh? Does that mean it's like a dating sim? I don't know. Maybe. We'll see.
That's pretty much all I got for you guys over in Japan. Have fun with your chibi girly
fighting game. Well, the U.S. is going to see something else coming soon to your local
video store, I guess. Blu-ray release of the classic video game and arcade classic, Dragon's
Lair will be coming out soon. And not really a big surprise because it's been out on DVD
for a while now. And they expect that it's going to be on HD DVD at some point and it's
going to be sold for $49.95. Yikes. That's quite expensive. I don't know how you could
really, well, I don't know. I thought the graphics were probably as good as you can
get on Dragon's Lair. They can't really enhance it anymore. It seems a little bit pointless
to me. I mean, you know, Dragon's Lair has kind of already been done, you know, on DVD
and that's about as good. I mean, the original was on LaserDisc and it wasn't that pretty.
I mean, did they clean it up? Did they do anything to it? Not that I can see. Interesting.
Well, there you have it. Is Dragon's Lair a reason to buy a $600 PlayStation 3? No. Yes,
says Miklotov. Miklotov's just fucking with us. He's just kidding. Now release Super Granny
3 on Blu-ray and we're talking. Or Ultimate Duck Hunter from the bonus segment tonight
or whatever the fuck that game was. Ultimate Duck Hunting. Ultimate Duck Hunting. You'll
either kill the ducks or they will kill you. That's right. Wouldn't that be funny if like
Ultimate Duck Hunting like kind of was a little bit like Donnie Darko or something like that,
you know, where it's like a lot of head games and stuff. That would be awesome. And it has
what? What did you say about Jake Gyllenhaal over there? I'm sorry. I'm having private
message chat with other people in our channel. Well, he was saying something about Donnie
Darko and I said some other words and then I said Jake Gyllenhaal because he's in it
and he's hot. He totally is. I should totally option Ultimate Duck Hunting for a movie.
I bet they'd sell the rights pretty cheap. You never know. Anyways, so speaking of stuff
that's been delayed, Calling All Cars, brand new game that's supposed to be coming out
to the Playstation Network. It's going to be one of their downloadable games. It's been
moved to April and this is done by the same guy that did God of War, David Jeff. Basically,
I don't know, he's just hit a roadblock, you know, as far as putting it out on the Playstation
Network. Never really given any reasons why. He did have some gameplay footage of it and
it did look all that pretty. And he said though, I mean, he's not trying to compete with like
a Halo or anything or even God of War with us. I'm still saying it looks like crap. And
he says it's all about the fun factor. It did not look fun at all. It looked pretty
boring. So, hopefully I'm wrong and it'll come out to be pretty fun. I don't know. We'll
have to see. Hopefully they release a demo. Another game that's getting yet another release,
especially next week, they have Sing Star Pop coming out over here. Well, that's not
all. They're going to be seeing six Sing Stars come out by next year.
Oh, nice. On Playstation 2 or Mix?
Think both because I know Playstation 3 is getting Sing Star coming out in June.
But wasn't Playstation 3 only supposed to get like one Sing Star and that's it? And
then they download everything with that?
Well, I think so. I mean, but then again, I mean, you never know. Remember originally
Karaoke Revolution was going to have add ons to it and that never happened. They figured
out, Hey, we got like a couple packs here, a couple packs there. We can sell whole games
and make more money. So yeah, that's scary. And I'm not playing any of them.
Yeah. Act Deft was asking in chat the ultimate question. Will Loki buy it?
I will not touch it.
And will we put it on YouTube?
No, I will not touch this game. Even if I get it free, I will be burning it. Yeah. It's
a horrible, horrible, horrible game. Karaoke is awful. Now, of course, you know, stuff
being delayed and stuff. We've been delaying the mailbag for a while. So Rob, why don't
you make yourself useful and take Jamie's job, put on the gloves and dive into the mailbag.
Sure. Why not? It's the least I could do for my dear friend Loki.
Mailbag orange lounge trader.com. If you'd like to send us an email, I just randomly
picked a few emails for this week. So I apologize if I didn't get to you tonight, you'll just
have to deal with that rejection. Let's start with an email from Meglar who writes to say,
just a quick email to say you rock. And a quick little tidbit. I heard from a friend
who recently left the employment of Sega Knights is coming to the Wii, but also seems to be
heading to the PlayStation three and Xbox three 62. Seems to her the game now plays
like, Oh God, he just gave away who it is. I mean, how many female employees have just
recently left Sega? I don't know. Seems to her the game now plays like the magic carpet
from Sonic and the secret rings. Either way, it's something I'd not heard before. How about
you guys and gal? Definitely. I knew about the Wii through something similar, like a
friend of a friend at Sega, but I did not hear of PlayStation three and Xbox three 60.
Very interesting. If true, it makes sense though. It does make sense. I mean, you know,
Sega Knights is one of those franchises. I think people have been wanting to see come
back for awhile. So very interesting. I want new rez. Me too, but too bad it's a different
company altogether. Well, thank you for the email. Uh, we have an email from, uh, Sakura
max says, dear OLR first order of business, Rob, don't be such a tit. Stop the accent.
You disgrace my friends. Somebody is taking issue to my British accent. I do hit on the
program. Sometimes don't be such a tit about it. Just teasing. I guess part of the charm
is that my accents are so horrible. I don't know what else to tell you. Uh, second order
of business, Jamie, the reason I say Rondo of blood sucks is because it's on PSP. One
of the consoles I don't own and I've lost my loyalty to Sony. I don't know though with
it, with some of these big games, it seems like they're trying to woo some people back
to PSP. Is it too little too late? Yes. You think so? I was there a story this week and
I don't know if it's something upcoming. Forgive me, but I want to say I read something on
the internet before I left for my trip that said that retailers getting pissed that Sony
will not do a price cut on the PSP and some are threatening to, to just get the damn thing
off their shelves. Yeah. I was at the PlayStation, um, or destination PlayStation show. Apparently
they were demanding that the price be, uh, lowered for the system. I did see though what
they were, the GameStop was doing a special this week. They had, uh, the, was it the,
they had like a bundle pack a long time ago. Remember when the PlayStation or portable
first came out where it had like the case and the memory stick and stuff like that.
Apparently now they don't have that. The core system is just PSP charger done, you know,
so now, um, they were offering that one at $1.99 cause originally it was $2.50. So there
was kind of a markdown, but yeah, well I think they're, they're probably going to redesign
it or something. So get people to buy it again. All right, well there you go. Uh, sorry. Dark
Soccer was not here tonight to respond to your comment, but if we remember, we'll tell
her next week. Uh, third order of business. I just got DDR Supernova in my arcade. Congratulations
on being about six months late to that party. Just kidding. Fourth order of business. DDR
Supernova might not be too good considering the fact that the first one wasn't too successful.
I'm not, I'm not, yeah, I don't sure I understand that statement because what, what first one
are we basing it off of? Oh, do we mean like DDR Supernova at home? Assuming there's going
to be a second mix this year, which I can't possibly see how there wouldn't be one. DDR
Supernova, um, still one of the top selling titles actually out there. I'm surprised every
time I see that too. Well, there you have it. I'm not, it's a very, it's, it's not something
the hardcore players go for, but for the family game, like when mom and dad are looking for
a game to buy the young kids for their birthday, I'm sure DDR jumps out, jumps off shelves
for that reason. Yeah, we think he means Supernova 2 arcade. He just left a two off there. So
whatever. Uh, Sakura Max is the youngest OLR listener at 12 years old and signs that email
and says PS desk cap. I don't know. That's, that's what he says in his email. He says
the youngest OLR listener at 12 years old. Do your parents know you listen to this? Shame
on you. That, uh, closing statement right there just makes you realize why 12 year olds
shouldn't be on the internet. Ouch. All right. Wow. You're so awesome. Totally awesome. Um,
more emails. We have a email from, I, uh, I horribly apologize if I'm mispronouncing
his name. Nate and a I F could be knife. Nate, I think it's Nate. Uh, Hey guys, I really
love your show and I think it's one of the best shows on the web dealing with video games.
This week you asked us to send you our favorite jokes. Well, this is my all time favorite
joke because remember last week we had the email. I completely forgot about last week.
Well, here we go. We got a, we got a joke back. So we do remember we said voicemail,
not email, but well, that's all right. We'll take it cause I don't think we got really
any voicemails. So I don't know. I didn't check again. I've been kind of gone. Uh, so
here we go. Uh, I know it's an old one, but every time I tell it to my friends, they really
enjoy it. And I hope you'll enjoy it as much as I did. So we'll, we'll, uh, rice princess
and a Loki and Michael top will be our judges on how funny this joke is. It's like American
idol for jokes. That'd be funny. Something like that. Although I kind of feel like we
should have like some music that plays with this or something. So maybe we should have
some joke telling music while we read the rest of this email. I'm going to play some
joke telling music. You ready? One day the teacher walks into her classroom and announces
to the class that on each Friday she will ask a question to the class. And anyone who
answers correctly doesn't have to go to school the following Monday. On the first Friday,
the teacher asks, how many grains of sand are in the beach? Needless to say, no one
could answer the following Friday. The teacher asks the class, how many stars are in the
sky? And again, no one could answer frustrated. Little Johnny decides that the next Friday,
he would somehow answer the question and get a three day weekend. So Thursday, Friday,
Thursday, Thursday night, Johnny takes two ping pong balls and paints them black. The
next day he brings them to school in a paper bag. At the end of the day, just when the
teacher says, here's this week's question, Johnny empties the bag to the floor, sending
the ping pong balls rolling to the front of the room because they are young kids who find
any disruption of class amusing. The entire class starts laughing. The teacher says, okay,
who's the comedian with the black balls? Immediately, Little Johnny stands up and says, Bill Cosby,
see you on Tuesday. That's pretty funny. I got one laugh in the room, a little chuckle
from Loki. Bacon. Are you laughing at the bacon or are you laughing at the joke? Joke.
All right. Let's go around and judge that scale on one to ten. It'll be like the gong
show here. Are we going to gong the joke? Rice Princess, on a scale of one to ten, how
was the joke? W. W? Yeah. Okay. Loki, on a scale of one to ten, how was that joke? It
would be like a seven. It's definitely no intelligent joke. I haven't heard it before,
so props for that. All right. And Mikolaj. One. All right. Why such a low score? Because
talking about Bill Cosby's balls is never a good thing and it's not funny. It's gross.
There you go. All right. Do you think this is going to encourage people to send us more
jokes? I have no idea. Ten for the bacon. All right. See, we all laughed at that. That
joke got a ten. Good job, Loki. See, none of you comedians will ever be as good as Loki.
Last email this week from our friend, DNL, also known as Renee. She's been on this show
before, but it's been a long time since she's been on the program. I know Renee is great.
Hi, OLR. This is DNL. I currently work at Perpetual Entertainment as an associate producer.
As you guys liked MMORPGs, I thought you might be interested in the game I'm working on called
Gods and Heroes Rome Rising. A brief description of our game is a massively multiplayer online
role playing game set to Roman mythology. Excuse me. I have the hiccups during this poor
email. Some key features is being able to play your hero character however you like
with six different classes and an extensive character customization. You also get to control
up to eight minions at a time, as well as have a visceral experience. I like DNL's use
of vis, where is there? Visceral? What's visceral? I don't know. I'm probably pronouncing
you wrong. What do you mean, visceral? Visceral. Yeah, sure. Visceral experience. Visceral.
Ten. I hate you all. This is Dark Sakura, never leave me again. With paired combat animation.
If interested, please sign up in our very active forums at community.godsandheroes.com.
Seven pointy things DNL. So I like how DNL is using our mailbag to spam her game, but
we'll give her that right here. In fact, why doesn't DNL get us an interview with peoples
from the game? We'll take them. Now if I can do anything and I can control up to eight
minions, can I like sit back and like drink ale and have my minions like kill things while
I just sit there and not do anything? Do I get level, you know, experience points for
that? I guess, I don't know. Folks, let's see, blackboy in chat says, wait, Sky's reading
an ad that was thinly disguised as an email. Yeah, I guess, but it was from a friend of
ours so I'm okay with it. And it's a game I hadn't heard about before, so there you
have it. We'll check it out and give an honest opinion either way. So there you have it,
that's it for the mailbag. Mailbag at orangelaunchrater.com if you'd like to send us emails. Well earlier
we were talking a little bit, we mentioned that the Shivering Isles was coming out for
the Xbox, well for Oblivion on PC and Xbox 360, but it was going to be downloadable on
the 360. Conveniently enough, there is some other stuff you can download off of Microsoft's
marketplace. Well, no, you cannot download porn, as Mikul Tov would say. That's not available
yet. However, they do need a porno channel on the IPTV thing. That would sell systems.
Anyways, Jetpack, or the new Jetpack game is coming out, if you might remember Rare's
kind of little logo there. But anyways, Jetpack Refueled will be hitting the marketplace on
Wednesday and it will feature obscenely colorful graphics, whatever that's supposed to mean.
That's obscene. 128 levels, multiplayer capabilities, the original arcade version, and continued
exclusion of the letter K from the title. And money shots, says Mikul Tov. It will be
available on the marketplace and will cost you 400 Microsoft points or $5 in real money.
Mikul Tov, you're giving this the thumbs down, is this one of those other games you've probably
played that you're not supposed to talk about? Does it suck? Can you talk about it?
It sucks.
Mikul Tov says, why does it suck?
Because it's not fun to play.
What the hell do you do?
You shoot things and then you fly away and it's really boring and it's not Boom Boom
Rocket, so why are we talking about it?
Well, the people want to know.
Well, they don't anymore.
Thank you very much, I suppose.
On the Xbox Live Marketplace, they had brand new heroes and villains that you could download
to expand Marvel Ultimate Alliance. It featured eight new playable characters, including the
Incredible Hulk, Magneto, Hawkeye, Sabretooth, Doctor Doom, Cyclops, Nightcrawler, and Venom.
They've got brand new signature powers, skins, dialogue conversations, and achievement points.
New achievement points.
Isn't that a Cyclops one-eye?
No.
Total porn on Xbox Live Marketplace. Now they want you to download one-eyed monsters on
Xbox Live. Does he blast stuff out of his one-eye? Total porn is what the Xbox 360 is
turning to.
He doesn't have one eye. God.
Does the Cyclops mean one eye?
It's a one-eyed monster that shoots things.
Like a penis.
You can, it's basically they have it divided up into two different packs.
Now, there's no need to go there, Rise Princess. That's just dirty. It's disgusting.
They have a hero and villain pack, each of which were 500 points, or $6.25. Otherwise,
you can also buy the combo pack, which features both, and save a little bit of money. It's
800 Microsoft points, or $10. So, saving a good $2.50 there.
And also, they have heroes and villains gamer picks that you can download, and those are
each 80 Microsoft points, or $1.
And Chat Room, yes. I was kidding. Of course, I know who Cyclops is. I did see the X-Men
movies. I watched the cartoon when I was a kid. Please. James Marsters.
Anyways, now let's talk about a game.
Why are you laughing at me?
Because you're funny.
And Visceral.
Go to hell.
Now let's talk about a game that came out a couple of weeks ago. Ghost Recon 2. Apparently,
Mexico doesn't like the game too much. I guess it has something to do with the Mexican terrorists
in the game.
Fuck Mexico. Sorry, Act Deft. Sorry.
I think what's most interesting about this story, though, because apparently the game
has been blacklisted, and I want to say Chihuahua, Mexico. Is there such a thing as a chihuahua
Mexico?
Yes, but it has nothing to do with the dog. I mean, there's a weed California, Loki. Towns
get names weird things all the time.
But weed makes sense, though, because weeds are just out there, and that just happens
to be slang.
Chihuahua's not slang. It's a dog.
Or Chihuahua's like, you know, they're an animal that runs around in parks like we have
squirrels. And Mexico hates it because they don't bathe.
Anyways.
Wow. The views and opinions expressed. Act Deft says, and it's a state. Like, you know,
how, well, it's not really a state, but, you know.
Anyways, so Ghost Recon Advanced Warrior Fighter 2 has been blacklisted in Chihuahua, Mexico.
And, you know, besides the fact that the city's got a weird name, there has been apparently
orders. Mexico has apparently ordered the confiscation of any and all copies of Tom
Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warrior 2 that surfaced in the state.
This is a report from El Diario.
El Diario.
Is that also a town?
I'm guessing they...
After the water.
It's not El Diario. I think it's El Diaro.
A Mexican broadsheet, which says that the action was taken after Mayor Hector... I'm
not even going to start pronouncing these names.
I would fucking buy Ghost Recon if they had El Diario. It's like a terrorist in it.
They've slammed the game as being a crime against the intellectual capacity of the Juarez
residents. And apparently, they've decided to take action. So, in any case, Game Politics
also notes that a statement they took from the mayor who said that violent video games
instill values which are upside down, these actions are despicable because they attempt
to divide the goodwill of the residents of America and Mexican cities.
So, you won't be able to get your fix on Ghost Recon Advanced Warrior 2. However, God of
War 2, I'm sure, is still selling like hotcakes.
I'd like to give our apologies to ActDeaf and any other Mexican listeners we might have.
Hope we didn't offend you too bad, but seriously, El Diario. That was funny.
However, though, if you want to get in on some of that Ghost Recon Advanced Warrior
2 action, it will be available on the PC. They're doing the beta test, which is starting
in April. So, definitely go and sign up on the website, which is ghostrecon.uk.ubi.com.
I guess this would be the UK beta test, now that I've noticed that.
Anyways, so onto a different game. If you may not be able to play Ghost Recon Advanced
Warrior 2, and you live in Mexico, maybe you want to participate in the beta for Quake
Wars, because id Software is looking for some good first-person shooter clans to get in
on this beta test. And basically, what you'll need to do is have your clans register for
this, and basically you can participate by sending your application to etqwbetatestatactivision.com,
and with it following your clan name, number of active members, games played regularly,
and played competitively, your website, and details like that.
100 OLR achievement points to the first person to make the El Diario clan.
But Quake Wars looks awesome, can't wait to play it when it comes out on the 360. PlayStation
3 and PC.
Anyways, kind of off to a little bit of a different tangent here. Another first-person
game that's definitely popular out there right now is Gears of War, and New Line apparently
found time to register the rights for the movie, or secure the rights for the movie,
so that they can make yet another horrible video game movie.
Awesome.
Anyways, Variety was reporting that New Line Cinemas has snagged the rights to Gears of
War, and that Stuart Beattie will be writing the script with Marty Bowen and Wick Godfrey.
It'll suck.
Yeah, I can't say that I recognize any of those people.
How can it be good? I'm sorry, it'll suck.
The rights went up for auction with a 21-page treatment by Beattie, best known for his script
work on Collateral and Derailed. Well, Collateral and Derailed are pretty good, so...
The movie Derailed?
Yeah.
Oh, man, that was like the worst movie ever made. Derailed?
Yeah.
Yeah, with Jennifer Aniston?
Oh!
Yeah, I forgot to...
Oh, yeah!
Collateral's good, though. Collateral's good.
I never saw Collateral, but Derailed was god-awful. I wanted to, like, gouge out my eyes and stuff
afterwards.
I have my hopes for this movie, though.
Did it make you want to kill yourself, like Ultimate Duck Hunt?
Yeah. I was like, oh, man.
It could be pretty good. They could flesh out the somewhat-existent story and actually
make something that's entertaining and kind of interesting, which video game movies usually
lack. At least good entertaining, not, like, ha-ha entertaining.
Because that idea worked so well with Resident Evil and Doom.
Resident Evil is decent. Not this new one that has that horror from Heroes on it, but...
The movies, you mean?
Yeah.
Oh, they're all great.
Funny you should mention Resident Evil, because...
Segways!
I love Segways, because Capcom is having their Capcom Day, which I might add we weren't invited
to. Thank you very much.
What was it?
Capcom!
April 12th.
Why you got against Orange Loud Radio? Afraid we're going to say something we should?
What the hell was that?
My pouty voice.
Oh, my.
No love from Capcom.
Okay.
No love from Capcom.
Maybe I was a little hard on Dead Rising, but anyways.
Another Capcom Day is going to be April 12th. One game has been announced already, and that
would be the Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles for the Wii, and that's one thing that they're
hoping that will be featured there, as well as some info on Resident Evil 5 for the PlayStation
3 and 360.
Another thing, though, is they're going to be announcing a brand new game, and so we
don't know what exactly that is. Just a brand new game.
Evil Joe again, or maybe Mega Man. That would be nice.
Megalotov is adamant about a Phoenix Wright 3.
I hope not.
That's only the best game they've ever had in, like, ten years.
Ever.
Ever in ten years.
What about a new Mega Man game? Wouldn't that be kind of cool?
Well, there's...
Well, how about taking Mega Man back to its roots?
Taking it back.
Taking it back. Back to its roots.
That would be great if they did that, because I don't know what's up with all the...
Mega Man Z.
The whole new franchise.
Battle Network, whatever, crap.
They already did Mega Man Z, and it sucked.
Oh.
Mega Man 9.
Crap.
Just Mega Man 9? I'd go for that.
Mega Man ZX. It was horrible.
How about just Mega Man? You know, I think folks will forgive you if you just want to
start over with his name.
How about just redo Mega Man Legends? Legends was pretty fun. Legends 3. Seriously, bring
Tron Bon back.
Alright, I'm done.
Alright, anyways.
Finally, this kind of... got to bring it full circle back to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Move over, King Kong! There's a new leader of ultimate easy achievement points, and that
is TMNT the game. Apparently, you can get all 1000 achievement points within 4 hours.
It is that easy.
Dang.
So, the game itself, though, hasn't been getting that very good reviews, but hey, it's worth
a rental for an easy 1000 achievement points.
What do you do in it? Did they say what the achievement points are?
They haven't said, but basically, the quote, Team Xbox. If there's one good thing about
TMNT, it's the fact that the game steals the title for easiest 1000 achievement points
from Ubisoft's own King Kong. You'll probably be able to get all 1000 in less than 4 hours.
Let's see what else here. GameSpot says there's also achievements to consider, but they also
happen to be incredibly easy to acquire, with many of them regulated to points for beating
levels and pulling off individual special abilities. Even still, the better graphics
and achievements ultimately make the 360 version the best by default.
Hmm. Interesting. I might check it out. It seems like something that would be like a
rental, but I don't know if I'd buy that, especially just for 1000 achievement points.
I don't care. The Tetris game I bought today seems to have okay achievement points. It's
doable if you are any good at Tetris.
I'm telling you. Earth Defense Force 2017. It's the dumbest game on the face of the earth,
but so fun to play.
But is it easy to use?
Not easy achievement points at all. Although, actually, no. Probably beating a game on easy
and normal would be relatively easy, although normal is pretty hard. But that's what's the
good thing about it.
It's open, by the way. A username, OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype. 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's kind of the good thing about it, though, is because it is so hard, it will take you
a while to beat the game. Yes, it does get frustrating, but you can strategize and replay
certain levels to get your hit points up as you keep playing them. Plus, you unlock different
weapons that might help out with playing through the levels at a harder difficulty or something
like that. There's a lot of strategy involved there. Plus, it's just so cheesy and stupid
that you gotta play it. I mean, your other guys will yell weird shit like, oh no! Tiny
died! Oh no! Big stuff died!
I don't know. I just want to keep playing Castlevania Symphony of the Night right now,
to be honest. All over again. Like, it was the first time.
Heck yeah.
We got a call on the old Skype line. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
This is DMN.
Hello, DMN! Long time, no talk. What's on your mind?
This is CNN.
No, it's not. Don't get us sued. This is OLR. What's on your mind, DMN?
Well, I came across your website a couple days ago, and I noticed the Katamari story
got removed.
Interesting you should bring that up. What do you want to say about it?
Fuck GameSpot and everything it stands for regarding that. Didn't they pull the story
up only a few days after, and not even cite OrangeLoungeRadio for it?
I can't comment on this at this time. Next week we'll have an official statement on what's
going on, but we can't comment on what's going on at this time.
Wow.
So, that's it.
Okay.
Anything else you want to ask us about? Thanks for bringing that up.
What'd you say, Mikal Tom?
I was going to ask him about how much he hates the stupid people in WoW, because he was complaining
about it earlier.
Oh yeah, you're in our WoW guild. What's going on in WoW?
I'm just getting sick of all the stupid people who think that Internet shorthand is okay
in that fucking game. Like, it's acceptable to a degree.
Like, OOL and stuff like that?
Okay. For example, don't use the letter U to represent you. It's two extra fucking letters
you can type. Y-O-U. Jesus Christ.
Isn't there some type of add-on that you can get for World of Warcraft that will allow
you to automatically... I remember DrewNami was telling me about this once when he was
here. It was something about, I don't know, some filter that would automatically change
the letter U into Y-O-U and it would change a lot of the noob speak for you.
God, I need to find that.
DrewNami's chat, he says it's called Eloquence, is what it's called.
I'll have to pick that up, because I don't mind typing out full words in full sentences,
but I guess I'm the only person.
That's why you should just stay with your guild, because we all type normally.
I love my guild. My guild's awesome.
We are awesome.
And go vote for the songs for the STFU song tournament. We're at the Sweet 16. The big
match-up right now is Colors vs So Deep.
Go So Deep.
Alright, you guys should vote. Ready, set, Rob's going to hang up on me.
No, I'm not, but thank you very much for striking the nerve and allowing me to tease next week.
No problem. Have a good weekend.
Alright, you too.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
Bye, DMN.
If you want to call us, 1-877-GAME-OLR is the phone number, or you can call us, username
is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype. I swear we didn't pay him to call in and ask about that.
Funny you should mention that. Loki and I were just talking about that before the show.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hi, Legend of Zaku. What's on your mind?
Nah, just chilling. Nothing much, but I'm off the heels of a shitty tournament that
I went to yesterday, then getting filmed for a DDR documentary.
You went to a DDR tournament yesterday that was shitty. What tournament was this?
This was one out in Long Island, far from where I live, but me and three other players
from the city just went out there.
Don't they have pretty good transit, though? Because you can take transit out to the whole
city.
Of course, we took the railroad.
There you go. You guys have much better out there when it comes to transit than we do.
It's kind of harder out here.
The place we went to was really accessible. The only good thing about it was the documentary
that two NYU students were filming on DDR players.
What's the documentary? I have to be honest, though. A DDR documentary does not strike
me as anything new. What makes this one special?
One day, this NYU film student was just filming the four of us through the tournament and
just through our normal routines, just doing all the stupid things that we do. In addition,
we were actually interviewed. We were asked questions about the basic stuff about how
long we've been playing DDR. We got into it.
Then we have other questions such as how do you see yourself in the scene years from now?
That sort of thing. It's kind of like a future perspective.
I was once interviewed for one of these documentaries. I believe it was right when we started Orange
Lounge. It was about a year after we started. I don't think these people knew about the
radio stations.
I used to do freestyling under a pseudonym, Dr. Dick. I just would get up on the machine
and do an improv and just fuck off. I'd wear a funny hat. They wanted to interview me for
this documentary. They wanted me to wear the funny hat. I said no because I knew they would
edit me to look like an idiot. I didn't want that.
The documentary right now is still ongoing. She plans on filming more tournaments in the
next few weeks, especially some major ones, some in the group two tournaments with R21.
It's only the tip of the iceberg right now since she has plenty of time to work on it.
It's going to be a little bit more in depth than just a one-time thing.
I'm sorry to hear the tournament was not all that fun. What do you think a future tournament
organizer should consider in planning a DDR tournament?
Fix the pads. It needs better pads, period. That's the only thing that just killed it
right there. The pads were pretty horrible. For certain players, they got lucky because
they were managing to get by, but they were getting a lot of pad misses. It just didn't
feel right.
Make sure your damn machine is working before you have a tournament. Fair enough?
All right.
Thank you, Zaku. We appreciate the call.
All right.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Going to chat room and looking at comments while we wait for more phone calls. 1-877
Game OLR. DDR dollar bill says, Dr. Dick, that was you? Yeah. I didn't think there was
anything on YouTube. There was some freestyle video floating around for a little while.
I was just dancing like an idiot. It was nothing serious. It was just silly.
Let's see. Black boy, I guess I'm going to say this. Black boy in chat says, so wait,
IGN or GameSpot ripped off OLR's news and didn't credit them. No, that's not what's
going on. Again, we can't say too much yet because we're kind of waiting to make an official
thing, but we're not claiming that at all. What we will say is that it is interesting
that other sites are reporting the exact same thing that we did and other sites are continuing
to run that information. I suppose that's all we can say at this time. Correct?
Correct.
All right. Let's go to another call, that being said. Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up guys? It's Toshin.
Hi, Toshin. What's on your mind?
I don't want to bring this all to a wow tangent, but I got to ask something. In the last couple
weeks, you said you've been playing well a lot, right?
Yep.
How long have you been playing well?
Like how many hours a week do I put in the game or how long have I been?
Overall.
Overall? This recent round, I just started playing right when Burning Crusade came out
about a week after, so January this year. I've played on and off since, oh hell, I don't
even remember when I made the first character, probably about a year ago, I want to say.
Is it a hard game to get into? I must be the only one that I know, speaking for myself,
that has never played a multi RPG or anything like that.
Migotov wants to chime in.
Have you started playing it yet or are you just thinking about it?
My friends, and I know a lot of people, including Rob, who have played it a lot somewhat, and
I find it interesting stuff, but I've just never come to bring myself to invest the time
in it. Is it a hard thing to get into?
It really depends on what class you play, what server you're playing on. If you're playing
with friends or not.
I think, yeah, because the social element of the game is huge.
If you were to join our guild, you'd probably have a good time as long as you picked a decent
class to play around with. Something that's not so hard, something you can just pick up
and be like, oh, I can do this on my own without too much problem.
It definitely feels rewarding sometimes playing in it. It's pretty fun.
I think the nice thing about WoW is that Blizzard has it set up really easy for you to take
your first hit, basically. You can download essentially the whole damn thing and get easily
a 10-day free trial from somebody. I'm sure Migotov, myself, or any of us would be willing
to hook you up with a 10-day trial.
You can download it on WoW's site now, because you don't even have to know somebody that
has the game. You can just download it free time.
That's cool. It's very easy to set up and run with now, to at least try it out and see
if it's something for you. If you've never played an MMO before, it might be a little
weird.
Yeah, it'd be a total noob.
So you're a total noob. Well, that's cool, because you've called into this show enough
before, and you've been in chat long enough so that I know you're not a dumbass, and you
speak intelligently when you type and everything. You don't use the letter U for U and all that.
So I don't think you're going to really have a problem fitting in, so to speak, into WoW.
But have you ever played Diablo, or a game like it?
I've fiddled with it. My friend's like, here, take my map and run over to this spot on the
map. I'm like, what do I do if I run into something? Click the mouse button or something
like that.
Part of getting into WoW, don't be afraid to die. Everybody dies the first couple of
times they play. The game is not set up so that your character will get deleted forever
if you die a few times.
Dying is kind of cool because it changes the way the game looks until you get to your body,
so die a lot.
I honestly found WoW a lot easier to get into than Final Fantasy XI. I'm not trying to knock
Final Fantasy XI. I played it for a long time, and I have some good memories from that game,
but it was a lot harder to figure out the first time than WoW was. WoW was set up pretty
easy to just kind of jump into and go.
Well, I have a question for you guys. Did you guys ever read the manual?
No.
No.
Yeah.
I've never read manuals to games.
Really?
Yeah, nor do I.
Actually, I'll tell you that I cracked open Final Fantasy XI's manual because I got so
frustrated I didn't know how to do something. I finally had to look it up how to do it.
I think I did too, but that was during the 13-hour install of the game. I was just like,
I need something to do.
Yeah. See, I think if you're brand new to MMOs, it wouldn't hurt to go through the manual
and see some of the advice it gives and how to do certain things because my first MMO
was Guild Wars, and I didn't know what the hell I was doing.
Guild Wars was confusing.
It was confusing. When I started playing WoW, I thought I knew what I was doing, but I kind
of didn't. I looked in the manual, and it helped me a lot, so that would be my advice.
Joshin, I guess I end with this. What do you got to lose?
Money?
Your life, actually. Your real life, you have to lose.
You can at least get the free trial to start it off, you know?
Join Ravencrest, and we'll help you out.
Yeah, Ravencrest Horde side, and you can play with us, and we're cool.
How long's the trial?
Ten days.
Ten days?
Enough for you to take your first hit and decide if it's something you want to continue,
and then you can go from there. I know it's, what, 1295, 1495 months?
1495, but you get limited character.
How much Canadian? Toshin's in Canada, so...
I don't know.
Who cares?
A little more.
There you go. Who cares?
Who cares, eh? Who cares, eh?
All right.
All right.
Well, Toshin, we hope to see you online, but if not, you know...
I'm in the chat room. You know where to find me.
All right, we do. Any other thoughts or comments tonight?
Not really. I'd like to just say, Travis, thanks for letting me win the game yesterday.
There you have it. Travis Donovan live on Saturday nights. If you want to know what
the hell Toshin's talking about, you've got to download Saturday's archive, correct?
That's correct.
There you go.
Not pimping or anything. I'm here for Olara only.
That's fine. That's fine. Travis has an OLR program. We love having him on board.
Okay.
All right. Take care, buddy.
See you later.
See you.
All right, well, we'll see you in the next one.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
You were in chat saying WoW can be played casually. And WoW has that rest bar feature.
That's what I liked about WoW is that it has the rest bar so that the addicts get a little
bit of a handicap, shall we say, amongst the folks who only can log in occasionally. And
that's what's kept me afloat sometimes in that game because I just went four days without
signing in. I probably have so much rest bar. It's crazy.
It also just depends on the MMO you pick if you really feel like you need to dedicate
a lot of time to it. I played Final Fantasy XI casually and that's not a casual game whatsoever.
One more call then, shall we? Let's do another call.
Yes.
Well, hi. Yes. Damn it. Hi. You're on Orange Mountain Radio. Who's this?
One more thing, Ravenstaufen.
I like how you've incorporated that into your name. What's on your mind, One More Thing,
Ravenstaufen?
The Sony PlayStation launch in Europe. That's been on my mind for a while.
And how so? Why has that been on your mind?
We got shot.
We got shot?
We as a collective people got shot.
Did you get shot looking for your PlayStation 3?
Oh no. I stood in my bunker. I was in my room.
There you go. Well, what do you mean? So you're saying you're surprised because we were all
getting shot over it and what's that?
And Sony gave out TVs for the Europeans and I thought that was nice. But they didn't
do it for us.
Don't you think Sony kind of owed Europe something though? Like, sorry you had to wait
six months.
Oh, most definitely.
So what's interesting is that the first hundred folks got a TV but the second hundred folks
got flak jackets in case they got shot. So Sony is very nice over there in Europe.
That's a one also on the jokes there.
That's a W.
That's what I get for improvising here on the program.
What else is on your mind concerning this whole PlayStation 3 stuff Raven's Dolphin?
Two more things, Sky.
How is that capability testing going at the Sony Corporation?
I still stick to what I said when that whole joke came up in the first place on All Games
Interactive. If you're buying a PlayStation 3 to play PlayStation 2 games, you are buying
a PlayStation 3 for the wrong reasons.
Okay, I got a joke for you.
Goodie, I can't wait for this. All right, what is that?
All right, a man walked into a doctor's office wearing ceram wrap.
What?
What did the doctor say?
Let him finish. Sorry Raven's Dolphin, what?
A man walked into a doctor's office and he dressed in ceram wrap. What did the doctor
say?
Why the fuck are you sitting in my office dressed in fucking ceram wrap, you fucking
freak?
No, I see you're nuts.
One.
One.
I'd be a little nicer. I'd give it a three, Raven's Dolphin.
A for effort.
What's with the balls jokes? First it was Bill Cosby and now it's just some random guy.
They got the memo, you like balls.
All right.
Okay.
All right, Raven's Dolphin, thanks for the call, but on that note-
Visit secondgames.com.
All right, bye.
Good times, it's paid.
I think that's a good way to end the calls for tonight. What do you think?
Sure, why not?
I see you're nuts, Riz Princess. You're fucking nuts.
That's awkward.
Fucking butts.
Is that it for the show? Are there any other last minute stories you came across, Loki?
I have one, it's big. I have a big last minute story for you guys.
Let's go.
A little birdie has told me, and this is a rumor, but a little birdie told me that Paper
Mario may be on its way to Virtual Console sooner than you think. Super Paper Mario's
release may coincide with that. Stop booing Paper Mario, Miklotov, it's a fine game. So
there you have it. Don't count that game out just yet.
Wasn't that a GameCube title or is that a 64 title?
It was originally Nintendo 64, but I believe there was the thousand year door or whatever
was on GameCube. The original was Nintendo 64.
Oh, cool.
Oh, I just got a good news story right here.
What's that?
In actual news though, here's another rumor for you.
Don't laugh, it encourages her.
And this is going to be even more confusing, but apparently according to NGC magazine in
the UK, an article in there said, there's no screenshots of it yet, but the UK version
of Pokemon Battle Revolution will not have the restrictions of the friend code system.
Really?
So that's confusing.
So in other words, Europe might not have to, because they don't have child molesters in
Europe I guess, they're not going to have to worry about friend codes maybe.
Hear that or maybe they're just, I don't know, a little laid back.
Everybody needs to look Reggie Fils-Aime in the eye and go, friend codes, yes or no, I
want a clear answer, don't BS me.
What they should do is say, I will arm wrestle you, Reggie, and the winner decides a friend
code thing. That's how it should be done.
But Reggie would win every time.
You just got to get someone stronger. We need to get Chuck Norris. That's what we need to
do.
Anyways, um, what else? Let's see here, 3Speech, which I remember from-
The chatter sent me a story I need to read, but go ahead and do yours first.
3Speech is saying that there's more download content on the way, and I think if I remember
correctly that's the semi-official Sony blog.
Anyways, Genji Dazeblade says more excitement will be coming, including new armor, I guess.
Oh, and yeah, new armor for your four playable characters.
Don't care.
Don't care.
Ridge Racer 7, I'm supposed to be getting some more decal packs.
So I guess that's neat.
MotorStorm, it says any PS3 player playing MotorStorm online will receive time trial
mode automatically.
That actually, I think, was launched this week, so I know that's going into effect.
There's supposed to be some new friend codes, er, not friend codes, system, like a friends
list system for that as well.
And Resistance Fallen Man, two new playable maps, Western Moreland and Kambor, those are
coming soon as well. I think those are coming in April.
One of our users, Meklar, wanted me to share this with you. He sent me this in chat. It's
a story from Kotaku. Somebody named John, I guess, who's a reader of the site, just
got home from the launch at the Virgin Mega Store in London.
Apparently, they were all given some chairs. There were some friendly folks on hand giving
out some camping chairs.
And on the back of the chairs, it said, shouldn't have kept you waiting. And it was www.shkyw.org.
And if you visit the URL, Xbox welcomes PlayStation 3 to the next generation.
Sony, you're late. Let the games begin.
And it looks to be just a big Microsoft ad here. There might be sound with this. I'm
visiting.
Oh, it's just a little flash animation that goes, Xbox welcomes PlayStation 3 to the next
generation.
Who knows if that was an official Microsoft sanctioned thing, but that's pretty funny
either way.
They had barges and stuff there during the France launch as well.
Really?
Yeah.
Cute.
Apparently, there is a...
That's cute, Microsoft.
A 2D version of Ocarina of Time being made by some guy, looks like named Richard. And
he's dead now from a car crash. So no 2D Ocarina of Time for you.
I'm so glad Loki doesn't report the real news because he would have no sensitivity whatsoever.
In better news though, Matrix is coming to HD DVD and Blu-ray and that's awesome.
Can I say I'm sorry to hear about the guy behind the project? That's too bad.
Ocarina of Time was overrated anyways. Why would you want to make a 2D version of that
anyway?
I am so distancing myself from Loki's comments. Now is not the time to bring up that issue,
Loki. Now is not the time.
Because it's an incorrect statement. It's not overrated. It's overgood.
Overgood.
Yeah.
More gooder.
Overgooder.
More gooder. This for the person who is teasing me over the whole vehicular or whatever the
fuck I said earlier.
Alright. Alright. Can we please end the damn show now?
What was it? Visceral?
Visceral. Whatever it was.
Oh man, I have a funny laugh.
I'm glad you're here to make the occasional fart joke and then tease me about mispronouncing
words. What the fuck else did you contribute to tonight's show?
Awesomeness? I don't know. At least I think so.
Alright. Let's go around and get everybody's final thought. Rice Princess, we'll start
with you.
I just want to say thanks to everyone who added me as friends on the All Games Radio
community.
Yep.
Miklotov, do you have a final thought?
Why are you staring at me?
Nope.
Loki, do you have a final thought?
Well, I'm looking forward to playing more Earth Defense Force 2017. I guess I have to
wait until Super Paper Mario comes out before I get to play something new. Or do I?
The hell is that supposed to mean, you smug little bastard?
I think you know what it means.
Alright. Alright. Maybe. Alright. And my final thought. Thank you very much for listening
to Orange Launch Radio and supporting independent radio. You guys are super. Please leave us
a kind review on iTunes or tell a friend. If you tell two friends about Orange Launch
Radio, then we take over the world slowly but surely. That's how it works. And Rice
Princess's fart noises can spread throughout the world. It's a great thing. There you go.
With her mouth, folks, not her butt. That's gross. Have a great week. We'll see you next
time here on Orange Launch Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio. Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Launch production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
